I've Six split. How will NBA enthusiasts Unneal Projects show to talk to Eagles. 67 speed! Why the hell?! ... 60 One sportsman. 87, 7, 7, 8, 9, and the other's a turf raccoon. Partè©• Yin sticks, vice vs. cremshot, cracked college Superman. Has none not reflected the ease that they are under. Now Fast Adbrainer's are now The Neo Blogger show on 5, You ain't a boy, like, huh? They don't come any better than your Roberts. Anybody have a heart or a liver? No. You, who are you, so? Must take it slow. Prove that you're inside. Don't say, with the events still. Or grandmas, or even the old girls. Treat your liver well. Don't drink like hell. It'll surely go back. But, oh, please. Just keep it clean. You can't be thick. You need a doctor. Don't you ever party hard. If you do, you could die, or just wait in a long cloud. Oh, like a disaster. You died. Come on. One day, one day. Don't go to me. One day, one day. There was one day. I always did with me. She's right. Oh, my name on him. One day, more in couldn't get me. That one day, you will still feel with me. I did, no, he was dead. One day, one day. Can't trust that day. One day, one day. Sometimes it just turns out that way. Oh, my name on him. You gave me no water. Oh, what would you be? Oh, my name on the house with you, me. And not take me. Very other day. Every other day, every other day. I'll be here for you. But whenever one may come, whenever one may come, if my friends follow the time, I'll never say. So good to be. My name on him. There was all. I all did with me. To a, but my memory, My day, more in couldn't get me. You guys Every other day Every other day Every other day Every other week Bye Yeah Oh we have a mom to come We have a mom to come Right Oh Monday And trust that day Monday It just turns out that way What money money Monday Yeah Oh I don't know if I have a negative turn No, but Jesus Christ all mighty I got some bad news for you I got some bad news To them What? To them? I'm not talking about John Phillips I mean a crappy liver and was a bad user and drug I mean you know here's a merky You realize you got a liver transplant in 1992 No, I did not know that I'm not too bad nine years with somebody else's liver without the bacon onions Can you imagine all of you? You know having somebody else's Long because the liver cleanses out of a crap, you know everything goes through your liver But anyway I'm not kidding about that He said of course if she just wouldn't have eaten that pastramy on rye So I think you lied about that I think that she choked on the sandwich I saw the whole VH1 thing I don't care maybe VH1 light about it I want to believe don't don't miss It's like me thought about that There was no God, you know Don't take away the things that I want to hang on to I want to squeeze you know Just like I told my mother about that calendar Don't take away those good things And it makes me feel better as a fat person See you're not a fat person So you can't relate to it In fact they were showing you know the clips yesterday after John Phillips died They got a L.A.C. and then everybody they're showing you all clips And I'm telling you she was as big as an apartment complex It could be very easily be a fat person But you're not but I see you haven't got any idea Don't start giving me a son of the answer about what it means to be fat You know nothing about fat mr I love you if I had that All right, yeah, let's we'll power So anyway, she hooked on the sandwich Just like Mario Lanza Now that he also was in a funny story Or did somebody verify that he choked on the sandwich Who? So anyway John Phillips is dead You don't know Mario Lanza and it's your pizza No, good because you're not old So anyway this deaf thing is going around real bad boys and girls But here's something that died this is the worst possible news What a way to start my week? Devastating devastating Am I ever going to recover from this news? No never As long as I live this is like Did nice day last week that there was this cathartic thing going on Then we come in this morning And we see that all the locks that every door up here on the third floor The Rogers that have been that was what I want That's what I've changed The locks are missing and then the locksmith comes through here And he's putting new locks on the doors And George has to Bob for move He's an answer He says to Bob for move What's the story with the locks somebody get canned? No, but just to make master keys The course of we're just getting around with now Everybody moving up on the third floor And of course this company being behind all the time Which I thought was refreshing but honestly coming from a jackass like him Who's always you know, synthies corporate you know All corporate share corporate that Bob remote is here So that you were smoking when you came in this morning I wasn't smoking it Unfortunately all of you wants to come back here I'd be glad I have another one of my Garcher Vigat money Little ones, these are pretty good They are yeah My favorite cheap cigar Sometimes a little one can be pretty good Anyway, let me do the break first Then I'm going to give you some very Which I'm sure won't have a lot of impact on most of you out there But for some of you it will be news that May destroy your week And like I started to say last week I told you we were going through this cathodic period With a stock market with everything And it's like flushing the toilet It's really good the end result will be good Oh, there's a letter to the editor And one of the papers this morning I don't know what kind of what kind of I think some brought up in Boca About the new water-savory toilets and about who the hell ever came up with that idea And you have to flush them three times and scrub the bowl I don't know what kind of crap you're doing I don't have to flush three times and the OS scrub my bowl But you have a scrub of toilet bowl Now an answer to them I must occasionally scrub the bowl What do you mean what I ever? Do you scrub toilet bowls? Not since I've been married Well that's what I'm saying At this advanced age of our lives We about to scrape toilet bowls I don't think so Lady in the Boca where have you worked God Her family must be really full of it, you know? He's going Yeah I thought that was kind of a touching thing to start out this morning With Monday Monday by the mom is in the pop is now the John Phillips's dead at the age of 65 Most type of pill And mama cast died choking on a goddamn roogan sandwich She was choking on it She was choking on it She was humongous She was gigantic Jim and Tammy Favebaker were about to sell vacancies in the Mama cast Elliot apartment complex Alright Feeling down in blue, I all knew Dublin's always pretty nice I'm too, you know, Chad Surprisingly, I'm too much Oh, that's really cool man Hey, you sat ground up clovers Trace from the past just with coffee cups We call it, coffee cup Hey man, you stopped his drink Is that a leopard gun on this TV man? Why are you kidding? And that's another one Another one And the one who Hey, I think you're right man, the place is frozen I think I knew Stephen and Goli Amazingly, I was going to try to 1013 to 560 That was one of the, that was the only highlight Actually, we saw it getting a lot of there that the Panther Least game on Saturday And yes, I did leave after Pauval School just to go And you people aren't deserve him I'm always saying again, but I'm not going to go into that Because nobody wants you about that stuff The highlight was they had the bagpipe guys It was saying patties they sat in there So like outside the macarina and like even inside They had the bagpipe guy, oh Danny Boy, they were a Blown it And I really got a kick out of one of one of them Guess is, oh that's my chatter That was cute Yeah And there were some somebody in the stands Was running his hand up and down it real fast But anyway, they took it off the big screen real quick That was the highlight when they were playing the bagpipe A lot of people said to me, oh yeah, they weren't there Also the same thing Can we play it again? And I said, oh no, he's doing it John Phillips is dead That little fan bagpipe that the macarina He was blowing it Looks like the Panther's bullet But I had to get out of there with the scusting He's disgusting, this play here's the bad news I'm trying to, well let's take this one call here Hello Yeah, hello Yes sir How you doing? Did you see the Saturday Hill? It was a very fine complimentary mention of you And how it's turned on So unfortunately in the same sentence in the arsection on Saturday No, I didn't see that Well let me tell you what it was I was on the day before it was a Sunday night Well let me tell you what it was It was a syndicated article from Newtday No less And it's talked about the lack of young people coming into the talk show And the radio And near the end it says, where will the next Neil Rogers and how it's turned come from How do you like that? Yeah, you have to pick a Saturday, even if it's 4 or 6 of the arse I'm going to dig in the garbage and you have to get better thing out You've added some Greg to get you one from the back issue Thank you very much, God bless you, Mercau I'll pray for me How do you like that? Newsday they love me And actually sneak it away in the air They probably probably split by the proofreaders don't you? Oh yeah I don't even like that Anyway, here's the bad news I can't put it off forever Thank you, I guess thanks to Mike and Miami for fact seeing this You know, I mean I can't be an emotional cripple forever I have to accept this news sooner later Bad news Don and Bob's grill it poses We have taps I know it's on a carpack or somewhere we don't have a map Thank to build on Brighton's sight where diners are fewer than before Mike and Miami fact me this this morning He says he was born and raised on White Hotz in Pittsburgh Not Pittsburgh Pittsburgh which is a suburb of Rochester Now wait till you hear this story Brighton, New York Now this is right next to the elementary school Brighton number, Brighton number one And Brighton high school which I did not go to school there But nevertheless what the elementary school Right next door to Don and Bob's as many of you know Because I keep talking about it Not only did John Phillips die He died But Don and Bob's has died also But who would you like it? Yeah, you might say that If it was food served fast not fast food it says That's what Don and the Williams of cannon day goes Remember about Don and Bob's restaurant at 2075 Monroe Avenue and Rochester in New York And it was good quality she said yesterday She polished off a cheeseburger and french fries for lunch This has been an institution That's right this wasn't the restaurant boys and girls This was an institution And I want to tell each and every one of you right now If you don't know Don and Bob's if you know what I'm talking about You don't know squad you don't know clap And of course it's too late now because They died The Williams that has been Donald makes sure to get one last cheeseburger Don and Bob's when they heard the restaurant will be closing its doors for good tonight Meaning Saturday March 17 It's too bad I remember coming here in the 60s after we played cat lucky Organization basketball Donald said for nearly 50 years Don and Bob's was more than just a place to eat Customers waited wide eyed as orders were shot at the hooks from the market The counter Regular brought out of town company that is sample a white hot dog with sauce That's white hot you go in that road this And students at neighboring Brighton High School Off and eight their lunches there Makes me nostalgic Makes me want to be one of those people like so many of you live in the past like my mother living in the past Restaurant owner say poor business and read yeah And of course three that poor business is because they got a product screwed it up I just want to mention that real fast They say poor business in recent years is the reason for closing On Wednesday officials from cannon dig one national bank and trust plan to attend the Brighton Planning Board meeting to show plans for a bank branch to be built at the restaurant side Don't you think there's something so symbolic about that But I went to school there What the high school and grew up so to speak in cannon dig wall and now cannon dig one national bank is going to be putting a bank branch on the very grounds where Don and Bob's used to be how do you like that Oh Thank President George Hamlin the fourth not George Hamlin the fourth for George Hamlin the fourth said talks about opening a branch there started last several news contacted by Don and Bob's principal owner Dick Fox who also owned area Wendy's old fashioned a yeah dick Fox of one of the Wendy's people never we've had calls about that He came in bought on a Bob's reminder readily He'd be crapper Don and Bob's employees make take jobs at area Wendy's so if they too said Randy Trouget the spokesman for fox Katie Sawyer 19 of Pittsburgh was working on a Bob's as a cashier for four years as angry that storm managers didn't get most employees notice it closing before yesterday How do you like that nobody came up for let us know she said it just came and closed the guy damn doors just like care changing the locks, you know By the way, spread the war and WQMs going out of business Oh, yeah, well, you know that's gonna be next Because that stock briefly went up to 16 on Friday. I don't want to mention names of somebody you saw like a thousand shares right away because I don't want to create any problems for them, okay? But that stock went up to 16 and some people saw that as an instant selling opportunity Yeah, the phones were smoking this place. I'm not talking about incoming. I'm talking about outgoing calls outgoing as in the stock brokers Playgrounds in a ball field are behind the building. I expected to mean there for public use Playground right there. Well, I played as a child right behind Don and Bob's right next to brighten the number one elementary school I wonder if Miss Del Prince is still alive. Oh, or Miss Madness. No or Miss La what that was her name? I don't know Mrs Pierce. Yeah, I actually had a teacher who was Mrs Pierce in sixth grade was my home teacher Mrs Pierce Anybody out there have a teacher? Oh, no, because most old teachers are old maids Isn't that right? Which is a course code for bobbikes? I mean that doesn't make him bad people out of them are great teachers. There ain't nothing like a bobbike Bar, that's what I've always said. Yeah, far Anywhere, it's not see We realized everybody had a story to tell about Don and Bob's hamlet said he because going there as a teenager after visiting his orthodontist We went there for something soft I could eat he said Kind of like South Florida Yeah, something they could gum because he just had come from the his orthodontist The first on a Bob's was opened in C. Breeze in 1945 by Don Bar battle in his brother-in-law Bob Burl The Monroe Avenue location followed in 1953 and on it goes with all history here of Don and Bob's Maybe I can get the science of one of the big fans who stopped by a Robert Barbato assault of us to 1973 Pence to visit before closes too late now Maybe we can start a Don and Bob's down here where you say Huh? We need a Don and Bob's here desperately There is no place here. I mean, you know our friend way now. We've got the Rochester Whitehots But there is no place quite like it Anybody in the audience moved by this story about Don and Bob Anybody know what they're all on talking about? Oh, there any response to this unbelievable story? No, just because it's renegats and dogs and my goddamn satellite is out which is good I hope it rains cats and dogs all week all day because number one we need it Got some good rain this weekend that was a good start put today It's like the end of the world and we need it badly and you know why it's raining? Because God has pissed off about the closing of Don and Bob's Twillions of tears are coming from heaven About the closing of Don and Bob's and look at this look at the phone He's gone. Yeah, nearer response nearer deteriorated in this heartless cool growth test unbelievably hard as town Shame on you people Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello. Yeah, no. Yes sir. He just ruined my day My nail life go up to the mountains every year of any around that's you and she grew up in Rochester Tell me for years we got to go to Don and Bob and have a burger because that the best quote is anywhere right well So we're gonna plan a trip to Sheila we're gonna go back to Rochester and go to go down and have a burger at Don and Bob Now you have no reason to go there unless you did the sniffing lie locks. Yeah, she's a post office employee I don't know if I can tell I don't want it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Break it to a gently pal. All right. Well that's all I have to say. Okay, I got to thank you so much See there's one guy that cares he's not even gonna get to go there now Because Don and Bob's is dead Now I understand most of you are not from Rochester most of you never been to Rochester. What's you know that in itself is no big deal There's not much there. It's okay a lot of shforkers in there now. Oh speaking that Yeah, they destroyed a lot of neighborhood in that city too. You'll be pleased to know our pull on Saturday or over the weekend at least got a tremendous response A tumultor a 1643 votes around it as I speak now. That's one of our highest ever Some non alien polls. I mean the alien polls. They had like 20 trillion votes, but that was a different story different that was something important wasn't it low now Which group of people to destroy neighborhood the fastest was a poor question Friday and over the weekend you ponded that and you're molded over You talked it over with your friends you took surveys among your peer group and they said Africa and Americans 810 49.2% said Africa and Americans destroy neighborhood Fast you and anybody on the face of the earth basically Rednecks or white trash or trailer trash whatever code words you like to use 2203 they came in a distant second 13 and a half percent Haitians followed with 142 8.6% Cubans with 132 and of course George wants to make sure you understand worldie talking about toothless dark skin humans 8% orthodox Jews well actually you said you didn't say the toothless, but I put that into the protect you Orthodox Jews 100 6% Oh Puerto Rican 75 I guess they didn't see that piece on central park That was on a game yesterday on MSNBC You know must be the MS Puerto Rican 75 or 1.5% to make in 63 month you point 8% You guys yes 39 2.3% Mexican 38 2.3% Nikoragwood's 22 1.3% I'll be forget to accept it about Nikoragwood's wonderful people there And how great they are to sell your house to the best of the neighborhood You know I'm thinking of myself probably the reason that Karadwood's did so well is because do you know any Nikoragwood No, do you know any Nikoragwood? No George's chicken is said feverously no the girl does he really want Miguel is the one remember his roommate Or he's got an Ecaragron roommate from Fomosa Yeah He's always had going around singing hang-down your head But anyway Tom do we so I know and I guess that's the reason that most of us can't really pass a reasonable opinion about Nikoragwood Because most people don't live or maybe it happens to be that they're wonderful neighborhoods And they're very have great ethics and standards and they keep the place clean and they don't think of the joy And don't throw all our garbage out on the goddamn sidewalks and don't destroy the property values in the hood etc. Maybe that's possible So let's give a better food without to our Nikoragwood friend Some of them have a bad complex as we know 22 only 1.3% Yeah Some of them maybe kind of what distant kind of wan Well it's picking a sunny Rosenberg You're right No but politically See I got to mention his name here today because he's obviously out there squeezing his bag right now And on the same petty day there's gonna be something else to do that grizzled old fart Your dead sonny you're as good as dead your finito you're done baby They said get out of here you silly old person you go away Take your goddamn outhouse gang with you So done by not does me anything anybody else out there That's okay So I might I'll just suffer along. I'm used to it. I can handle it. I'm not an emotional cripple like many of you I will embangler in the butt honey Chew I'd smell like a wala I'd smell like a wala And not that her shay hey In the man's dictionary after no Thought a couple some women's break and so on A freedom is put down my new friend Now unless with you all of a freaking proof Oh my My one day I got a walk Someone very gay gay Henry to who the hell was that the came in there the one there is a orange from Marty remember I told you smell like a French warehouse I don't know what guys do that well, I mean you'd variety of reasons 1032 at 560 WKM got the mad dog Jim Manich We're hanging today at two of those hanks till out there in Vegas plunging his brains out Boosted with six o'clock tonight with the anti-hank show and that he can't 10 o'clock tonight There's a lady in Margade hello Good morning, Neil Yes, man Just want to let you know that you know we used to go to Donovan bath if you want good food at a regional price it was great And it was just a fun place to go, you know? Yeah, it was sort of hauling in there Yeah, I liked it Just the whole way that you could see the whole grill and the thing was wide open there and you know you could see them flopping the burgers around and just doing everything it was There's never been a place like it anywhere I know so I'll mess it Okay sweetheart, we can mourn together I feel your pain Thanks Neil Thanks How do you like that? Here's a lady She's feeling it And that's it Let's see if I respond to this morning with that Well, what am I gonna tell you? Not everybody by me, all the people from New York or from the Chicago or Boston or Detroit There I didn't know from Donovan, Bob's which is very sad for them Yeah, I feel sorry for them And I feel sorry for me Because I'll never be able to go back in there Hello, wait and I see what's gonna happen Of course, Wayne doesn't get them from Donovan, Bob's he gets them from his wiggles from the manufacturer So we'll stay on still have I walked in Then of course there's those pain in the ass people in poppin'o that latches to white hot, you know Which I don't dare mention their name on here again Because they're always snoring around for free That's okay, they're very nice people And I guess they're from Rochester, so how bad can they be huh? See if they were smart They would like turn it into a full like Donovan Bob's down here And make those same burgers on the grill like they made up there And oh boy But it'll never happen You know you can't go back baby, you just can't go back All those grisly or old farts I talk about those wonderful restaurants like the Prince of Spaghetti house in Boston Is it there anymore? No, to pink isn't Detroit is that it? Is there anymore? No, I'm gonna chop out the ground All the good stuff is gone baby Just like Don here Famous, all thoughts start that again Here's our pool today Now the John Phillips is dead Which public figures death affected you the most? Not grateful Since we're talking about Donovan Bob's dying and John Phillips dying And you know Yeah He's dying All the things Yeah, he died Anyway, which public figures death affected you the most? Now I have a short list here, maybe you want to add some to it because you know what do I know JFK Bobby Kennedy I could put RFK but they might not know JFK Bobby Kennedy Martin Luther King I came John Lenin Elvis Or Princess Diana And we'll get back to you at Diana Anybody else I left off of there? I'm not putting John Phillips on it because if John Phillips so death affected you that much Then we'll get you some serious help, okay? We'll get you a sandwich with Mama Cance Can't leave anybody else up there list? You don't seem to be too old Well, I mean full of names I could name some things that some other people might have been affected by Yeah, I'm not asking you personally because we know you're such a hard-hearted spiky anyway Then I mean, you know what? I should put the gun hill on there That's a good point How about the bird? No way I should which public figure was he like a public figure? Wasn't he? I don't think so. I think so. Robert, you got a little bit of ballroom door See there you go again Just as I play those damn zated tapes Oh, you know what I got? Something has been missing in South Florida radio If you like contemporary music, say from the 70s and 80s Phil Collins, Chicago, Lionel Richie, Steve Windwood, Billy Joel You'd either add the supper through tons of do-op oldies A lot of jazz you'd never heard of Or worse yet that's why You'd be talking with a music A very man-alone barber's trice end Well, it's 7pm And that's all going to change And the beat right now Welcome to South Florida's all new coast 97.3, I remember that The best of the 70s, 80s and today With less talk From the building, I remember the job Planing that for me Really? The GTR job thing, this is what it's going to be And we were all too soon And crying So there we are Okay, which public figures does? We'll get some other names on here Before we put the list on their erect Because obviously this is a very incomplete list And other people out there who have much more compassion And pathos and ethos And darken in and then we have here We'll have some other names for us I'm sure, maybe Here's Miami, hello Ah, like I said Okay, well that's all we're getting here today, huh? Is that? That was it 560, 050, 60 I think maybe I'll just play a Monday, Monday And California dream and over and over again For all four hours I don't think I could be a good idea Since this audience is once again that is a door nail I'm sitting here waiting on you, okay? Which public figures does affect it either most of some names on it? Does anything affect any of you out there? Is there anybody with a poem? No, no, anybody with a bread? No, no Good, got all my day They'll learn hard, how could you forget? Shall I get out of here? How could you? So I put them on there? Absolutely They'll fit in earn hard? Oh, get out of town WQAM Buddy Holly and Roberto Climati No Buddy Holly, I mean Roberto Climati Come on Come on What we don't want sports people? Sports people dying? How about Nikki Mendel? Huh? Who also needs a liver? Now, we're not putting all bunch of sports people How about baby Ruth? How about Luke Gehrig? How about Ty Cum? How about Joe DiMaggio? Where have you gone? Where have you gone? Joe DiMaggio? He's dying Oh Come on, let's go with Let's get serious Roberto Climati's death affect you The most of any public figure in the history of your life Come on sir Man, a lot of they closed down and down and Bubs, it was people like you that forced And the closed people with bad taste With no taste Mobile and Boker, hello Hey, what's on the other? Yes sir That's what we're covered Without a doubt He's already on my list Yeah, I can't afford to put it for it Okay, get done Okay, we got you down Okay, I don't be calling in the vote now That this is on theorodges.com This is on the internet Not going to do four hours of people Said, oh, definitely John L. And definitely Elvis Definitely JFK's on the list already I'm looking for some ass Instance here For quite an outlaw Boy, oh boy, good thing I'm going on Thecation, we'll soon You're here I'm going to say that I'm getting real real ordinary With this crowd Real disgusted and just set up to my eyebrows The day after John Phillips Croaks, he died And this audience is like Maybe they're in mourning for Donna Bubs That might be it Maybe they're getting the minion together Huh? You're not going to be a minion Not in a way down on the window You're only You heard us neck whales Well now, this crack whale The new cookie with crack Yeah, that's right That pretty cookie on the bench wants to taste It's never a crack No crack whale And then double-hike And then show them that you hired And a mobile phone kind And on the hill, there was a lot of weight And people won't know you eating crack whales When they see that skinny ass money You're coming on, it's the crack whale Cook them in, get them on the phone Cookie I'll pay for them, you son of a bitch New crack whales Now, so hold on sweet corners Everywhere 1044-560 WDQAM So anyway, somebody facts the great idea Which we're going to add to our list John Wayne He's gone Yeah, a few days ago Well, a long time ago Miriam, John Wayne Don't call him Miriam Unless you want to Just full of lead So that's not a bad list For the far JFK, Bobbakedity, Martin Luther King What if we could co-bane on there There were a lot of people No No, that's not how No Hey, I got news for a bit How about the aircraft and kids That's a lot of the window I mean, let's get to the public Code co-bane He wasn't a public figure And I was not a shape Elvis Come on, John Lennon Elvis Princess Diana, Dale Earnhardt John Wayne That's not a bad start for a list That's excellent group there Of course the Elvis thing I'm afraid that's going to get a lot of votes And that's going to piss me off Greatly I mean, what was the big deal there, okay? We have that netty fat, lifeless Chicks and the audience But what do you mean, chicks? How about all these guys that call all the time? Oh yeah, we went up to Graceland And I always try to let him off the hook by saying, oh yeah Must have been your wife or girlfriend's idea Oh no, it was great We're going to go back this year This summer we're going back To Graceland with Paul Simon See Paul Simon he's smart He just sings about it He don't go there He just makes money You know, singing songs about it Somebody called him suggested two packs of corp So we put him on there with Biggie No shickers on the list Here's Miami, hello Hello now Yes sir Yes speaking of dead things Sorry, I almost killed the show I just wanted to have the thing of a bad news And about Donna Bob? Yeah Oh, I'm so sorry So just wanted to call on the simple The show was done at the hotel And tell the call and say, apologize for Send him that bad news No, that's not listen You have to break it to me I mean, you know, it's not good news But we all have to know Yeah And in addition to what this guy started Kill him back when he bought it But I don't know if you ever went there after this guy A bought it out Nothing's about there Mid-80s Yeah, well this guy butchered it Because I was there I guess also the last time about 15 years ago And it was still okay But nothing like the original And whoever wrote this article Really missed out to good stuff The frozen custard And they were famous for the frozen custard Why people don't even know that I know what you could also get Abit's in Pittsburgh And if you other places But Donna Bob's The chocolate almond fudge Frozen custard was maybe some of the best If I've ever put in my mouth Abit from Charlotte too Right Okay, thanks for the bad news All right, sorry No problem Not your fault Don't take it personal Unless you want to Donna Bob's dead Oh brother What a way to start a week Huh Here's a mobile in Miami Hello Can you do it? Okay sir Second generation listener Multiple caller I just wanted to I don't know if there's a lot of dead It isn't self-law But I'm going to say During our CIO Oh come on Okay Seriously, they got torqued for like a hundred years I mean, you know, now they're not torn A lot of people have not met Specifically, I want to have a couple of concerts But I know a lot of people Yeah, you're my Helgerton boats I would hope so And on another note I had a chance to go to Wayne Hall I guess it was Tuesday or Wednesday And it's maybe it was Thursday Anyways You were talking about the charters And how they For not used specifically But the voting How it affected You know certain communities And all you should have seen Some of the faces in there, Neil It was unbelievable At the lady that was doing the cooking There she's like You know trying to keep an eye Almost you're doing she kept looking up But you know at the speaker I'm just going to show the same financial And you take it easy I love you man Okay, thanks to the good news Later I want to give this look a brought to you Yeah, how about that? It was painful You know Well this facts are going to take a stab at it You know, look at Broughty What do you say? Someone suggested Bruce Lee Bruce Lee How about picky Lee Here's one I know you like How about Brenda Lee all that she's still alive John Candy No, so hearted No, he was still working No, okay Phil Hartman's death affected Why? I mean he was funny More significant than John Wayne He was done making movies Oh, okay John Wayne, I mean as much as I John That's not the point The point is he was done by your standards But a lot of people grew up through Upper John Wayne And then he wasn't going to be making any more movies And then He died Yeah But Phil Hartman, they had to replace him He wasn't a radical He was going to like to say John Wayne Phil Hartman wasn't an American like one of those legendary people now He could have been I mean I look I don't want to get up with the name of everybody who ever died He was a little kid for hours We'll be working on this for the next one Yeah, for the next one Yeah, for the next one Yeah, for the next one Yeah, for the next one Everybody who just died will put their, you know, people's relatives that will put them all on there You know, when I was your schoolnik, how about him? He's dead, Hans Conrad Who? How about all the game show host there for Book of Brian Allen The one he died You know the poll just for the one Conrad, he's dead Jack Barry, he's dead Bill Cohen I love Bill Cohen What I vote for him No, he's a lot of death didn't affect me I didn't even know he was dead You know? Where's that lancer thing? Isn't he the one that says that? Yeah, how about Bill Cohen? I didn't know he was dead Yeah 560, 560, Pond 560 See the death of John Phillips And then of course, Dale Hurnard just a couple weeks ago Which I'm going to have a tough time I may have to vote for Dale Hurnard No How about Terry Sautchuk? How about Tim Horton? Here's Key West, hello Like so equivalent Jay, let's take you Oh, that's right, Jay, if you gave you any of the, thank you so much Yeah, should we put him on there? Yeah, the boiler was a big, send us wasn't there Jay, FK Jr Yeah, they were having a thing They're peddling these coins, you know, if you see those things on TV Were they peddling the Jay FK Jr Silver dollar or whatever the hell there's Haven't seen that? No, what do you guys do with that? Stick it in the slot Stick it with your piggy bank It's slot Yeah, like a Renette slot And then we get the permeters to yank it out While they're getting whatever else he'll have guts stuck in a rod But anyway, so Ryan and then you think comes on well He was America's, I'm trying to think of the line they used And they always love John Stullett Who's sticked with my gear door And the term of the demon Locked tension Thank you, Ian Oh God All day, let's come on Let's shut up here Tuesday for John Phillips And Mama Cash, let's have a fist zombie sandwich What do you say? Come on Let's all get a liver transplant while we're at the two Have it Turned in late in Wonder Woman's in the pop of music We got bad news for it If we're like hibernating right at the time over the weekend Or watching the depressing news John Phillips is dead Why these people wouldn't know John Phillips from Phillips, Susan from Malcolm Phillips Or Marvin Maker Or also start doing that again, okay Don't stack it, there's a lot of people I agree when you sell it, those guy damn harness things again Franklin's here, now come on, don't do it Richie Niles Here's a mobile and lake worth, huh Michelle Briner, mobile and lake worth Hey, how much John Holmes? Yeah, that was a big death You'd like him, you'd say Okay, thanks No, I didn't I don't look ugly guys with big your shlongs Asshole 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT You know who that was that was a day learn hard guy right there Guaranteed Oh yeah, you could smell it Here's a mobile and Voitton beach hello Hey Neil, I got two for you Thanks an ultra, and mommy has my Jackie on after Jackie, oh Jackie Oh, yeah, forget huh Yeah, that's that's true I guess we're going to have to put Jackie on the list Lot of women will probably up And Frankie Okay, you got a man Okay, yeah, we got to put him on there right Frank Sinatra, don't give me a tissue And Jackie Oh, that was what That money had been pointed out What? How was she affecting anybody's lies while she was alive She was just running around She was affected, yeah, I'm affecting her a stout a lot Oh, not the net having said that But I'm thinking of JFK Jr And I've been reading after that plane crash And after he died Chris Wally was a lot of God forbid anybody should suggest it But they were talking about the fact that she and Aristotle and Asus were like maybe screwing around while she was still married to JFK Because I got to believe that there was he doesn't never look like a Kennedy Junior did he? He looks Greek And I'm not just saying that to be a smart ass But he looks Greek, they're looked Yeah, he looked like a hot Wasn't Jackie kind of I hope she was in the group But her not, nobody is here And you're not listening to that he's looking like He just looked like any member of the Kennedy family That's a good point He looked at me He looked very Greek I think he was the son of Aristotle Oh, Francis I'm just, that's just my personal feeling Nothing makes any difference In addition to which he didn't have any of the, I mean he was a Dullard All right, all the crap though they built him up for all the stuff He had a personality like a dead man like a frog Here's a mobile in Bokello Hello, no? Yes sir I is one for you Ronald Reagan Brain dead, he's not dead yet Well he, he fits it perfectly Okay He's right Well from the neck up Now we're talking about completely Okay, well we'll keep that we'll put that like in In waiting like bubbling under We'll do like a hundred and billboard magazine We'll have a bubbling under list Those were right in the verge Those aren't quite dead yet But like just any second could be last cast This is a pretty impressive list so far Well get it all just relax Eric Just go, oh he already put this thing on here He's getting her put together Well he'll add to it Which public figures death affected you the most I mean to call and start See this is what these people do It's like when we did the thing for the best song of all time You know, any stomachs and you know that was a pretty good song Yeah a lot of songs were a pretty good song But not all those pretty good songs Could have passed out of the been your favorite song You know it's hard it is very hard and the you know the choice too The pick only one It's like saying what was your favorite meal of all time Well I mean how can you do that you know I would say lunch is done in pubs circa 1960 something And they didn't call the burgers hamburger They called them ground rounds Yeah ground rounds and white huts And the and the red huts were called Texas huts Why is that I have no idea Bigger one of our hot dog culinary experts out there will call and straighten this out Somebody who really knows his wings That is an important stuff JFK Bobby Kennedy Martin Luther King John Lennon L. this princess Diana Dale Earnhardt John Wayne Jerry Garcia JFK Jr Frank Sinatra or Jackie That's pretty good start to a good list Until Hartman No Wait but he'll get more votes and half those people that are on there Okay just a humory Okay no no see I'm not going to set myself up for that Because the fact that you said that means that all those little nerds out there They'll throw for Phil Hartman just to approve your point Just because you didn't want you to stuff that he was involved with No that's absolutely wrong I love Phil Hartman He was fucked away at the end of the call Okay it's career But that affected you the most I could go down that with murder and all this What if that's okay Okay I'll get out of there It's on there Phil Hartman He died, she blew his brains up Who knows what kind of funny stuff he could have come up with You know if he was still around How about Steve Allen If you're going to start picking comedian Steve Allen Yeah I wanted to party No no I'm not seeing but you're looking at it from a different angle Exactly It affected me the other direction the other way But you didn't grow up watching Steve Allen on the way Steve Allen before became seen all in old and ridiculous He was nothing to me except He was certainly when it comes to comedy and television He goes mad He's in shoulders above Phil Hartman and believe me I'd not put him down Phil Hartman who was great But here you put him in the same category with the Steve Allen Yeah About how about Jack Benny Oh no How about Jimmy Durandi How about any canter Who? 1056 at 560 WD When was a lot of dead people okay? Excuse us We're trying to make sure we don't leave anybody out Oh god All right Lebanon was 3 at 560 WD killed in a morbid Monday Boy you want to start out when we talking about dead people Oh you know here's what a fact it says You're missing a big one James Dean What do you think about that James Dean belongs on LSD made three movies for crying out loud How about Richard Burton? Does he dead? Yeah he's dead I mean James Dean does boy he made three movies He made the giant level about a cause and what was the other one? Come on He made three movies Many of you got killed in that time Plus the fact that he was I don't want to say it Real tight with so many There ain't go so many of us put him on list So you're going to put James Dean on there Put so many one of us It's all hype we're not talking about a high level People like that You've been as big if he hadn't had died James Dean Of course absolutely that's right That is absolutely correct People who became bigger and more popular after they died That'd be another great conversation for some other day But seriously there's a lot of great example James Dean A legend in somebody's mind Never took a shower never bathed They said he used to smell like a toilet like a sewer He looked at like piggy work I think there's so many of probably smell worse Here's the model of the geobals Hello I could find a baby he's mentioned the cold brown you How about one a Goldman Oh there you go You could put them on the same line We'll put it on the same line Okay, thank you How about Ron Goldman He died 5605 He'd be pound 5608 Diet of Horrible Death At the hands of that butchering murderer who lives right down here And our neck of the woods I don't want to mention O.J. by name Who killed those two people and still got about your assholes out there defending him and clamorizing Oh you go O.J. just like what's his name just like Puffy See that similarity there, John, do you want to think about Johnny's cocking man Big celebrity big dark celebrity especially if you got the big bucks No matter what they had you did Got the magic touch he's got he can touch it that's right And even if it does pretty still foolishment that's what I say But Puffy says it wasn't Johnny it was Jesus what got him off Oh Jesus got him off because Oh my those guy's Tottenham guns and trying to bribe the limo drivers That's right So Puffy walks away Scott for either but now right you go Puffy you go boy Then it again Yeah, two pack let's put him on there What do you say? No, I'm about six pack look at put him on the same line with Biggie Here's a mobile and coconut creak hello I guess I have an employee in you Yes sir I have Victor Borgger Victor Borgger His death affected you the most Sir What's up? You're gonna do I'm just gonna pick up the papers here both of them and I'm gonna read the obituary page okay I mean listen to the question boys and girls Which public figures death affected you the most was significant Made you want to sit down and cry Made you feel like there was a loss I'm not talking about your brother and law Who left all his money as somebody else or something like that I'm talking public figure somebody famous a celebrity you know What of them? Victor Friakin Borgger How about senior wences? So I'm right. Sorry. I hope that that isn't what you I think it's gonna be That's it is I bet it's home and touch that's it is And I guarantee I'm gonna sit here and look at them I will not touch one But thanks Carlos Who are those from? What you brought them? Yeah right They have you did And there's a card on it What is it? What is it? You look they're not the kind that you like Oh thank you So damn Don't fool and enjoy it Dan and Andrew Family bakery Lincoln Park West and Sir Why is thank you very much Dan and Andrew And they said oh we're a bunch of those little triangle Humb and Passion which you curse our foregoiam But I'm sure they're very good and enjoy them George and everybody else See I've got a whole new deal now I have a new diet The counselor who's helping me I'm gonna lose 8 million pounds and nobody believes they But you'll see I'm not I have no interest in that Even if they were the other ones I would need them I'm true punishing myself with food That other people inflict on me and myself as well No sirs I haven't knew what died counselor Billy for you Right No no no no no Okay I'll fill you up here 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and for one Seriously it's an enough is enough already What's the point? How many times has that happened to door open And full wanders in here And because I'm weak because I continue punishing myself And doing all these things I said you didn't even blame somebody else You can't keep doing that That's what I'm worth it That's one of our favorite things is fat people As we blame other people for being big and fat and pigs And disgusting And I'm a few doing it And you don't believe me of course But you'll see I want to believe you The Los Angeles Times reported that the Conservatory Republican state representative Marvin couch resigned his office today He was caught a wiki go while getting a twenty two dollar blow job They're noon time in the car in an Orlando shopping center parking lot How much? Twenty two bucks pretty cheap He was arrested on three estimator charges in the middle of having paid prostitutes in the past Countries married has six children and had earned a perfect voting record From the Christian coalition of Florida He was a member of the legislators prayer meeting group that called itself The God squad He lives in and represented OVA to after having been caught he reportedly said I've seen Against my God my wife my children and the citizens I represent Yeah religious moral sock don't they Marvin most of all Marvin is in the get the leaders of the world sex guide Because he didn't properly report his research findings to us A little research on the internet revealed a good Marvin at a store probe gun rating from the straw NRA And signed a letter to Disney complaining about their extending of health benefits to a homosexual living partner So there you go nice going Marvin on the couch Long me twenty two dollars Commenter was your daughter, what's your daughter? What's your daughter? Yeah, I'd actually I think I believe I've got you They got the palm at all Yeah, you're in the bathroom snow Running down a steepie I just don't stand in my way Never thought you'd go Now we're on them to where you come from Haven't eaten the things that you've done I tried what right in shaking from the nothing seems to work But my husband wrote it to his wife To feel like they're playing I think I've got some of my soul And then I'm ready to go back to the sand Dying up, dark, moody hand Still have diarrhea All along I got a run Just a joke you'll be safe But it's too late I'm fine all the way 114 to 560 WCM here more facts is coming in Bad luck on a pulmeto in both directions state of Hela Where's it again? Or for 37th half? That's what they said So if they don't stay up to pulmeto generally good Anyway Here's the fact that there's a liberal artsy and rock Hudson And the guy from the affillage people Sheery Lewis and Land Chopp Oh yeah Didn't you know that? I thought it was just her No Land Chopps missing because But anyway How about the thinking of other facts? How about since they're showing it a billion times Every chance they get an MSNBC Which just repeats the same tension Sheery is over and over again And many of them are very good But MSNBC repeats the same three shows over and over again You know what's one? What is it called? It's called headlines And headlines and headlines and something Yeah Headline doesn't celebrate He's over The thing about the Brady Bunch They must have shown that piece for a thousand times And I didn't even like that show I didn't even watch the guy named Brady Bunch But Robert Reed What about Robert Reed? I'm sorry I'm just a little bit scared I'm just kidding I'm just kidding I'm just kidding I'm just kidding And I'm just kidding Yeah From the Brady freakin Bunch We go way further back And Robert Reed Everybody grew up on the Muppets and Sesame Street Everybody grew up on the Muppets Maybe that's why they look like that Here's Alan Who says I agree with George Which he corrected his spelling and actually spelled it right? Phil Harmon was one of the most talented actors of the 80s 90s Perhaps longer If you don't want Jesus calling you to your show Why do you insist on keeping them on your list? No hard feelings He's just trying to win the front of the you team Love the show Alan Well first of all I did put Phil Harmon on list tonight Yes And number two I mean And the G-Jesus Frank Sinophthors only for G- And I don't like him Don't get me wrong I wouldn't vote for him I couldn't think of as a paper sack But we're talking about people who died like let's say in the last 40-50 years Right? Okay Do you have to be a G-Jesus like Frank Sinophthors That bad taste And how about Elvis? How about Elvis? It helps No but how about Elvis? What anybody did hit that? I'm catering to G-Jesus by putting Elvis on list No just thought And how about John Lennon? People who use it was 60s music 60s and 70s John Wayne John Wayne died after John Lennon died He died after John Kennedy died He died after Martin Luther Kool died But he died died But he died the point How about Robert Ried? The point is this They showed his movie He can watch his movies now Everybody, you can find anybody If you went on a street corner Mine up running into shopping mall And to Kenneth mushroom John Wayne or Nohoo John Wayne Absolutely He was a my client There you go I don't like him to stand John Wayne I mean he couldn't even see him crap, you know, and of course why he represented he was the chalpin hastin of those days but nevertheless chalpin has to, oh I'm sorry. Here's a call from Tallahassee, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. A couple of names. John Boulouche. Jessica Savage. Jessica Savage. No. Got the whole drug thing there. No. John Boulouche. I mean, you're going to put a still hardman on there. How about John Boulouche? Uh huh. Well, there you go. Okay. John Boulouche. And Bob Lacher's career. How about that? That's not a bad idea. Okay. Anyway, we're off with the tiger stuck to there. Good list. John Boulouche. Okay. See, now you started with a fulfillment thing that I'm going to have, but how about you, the redner? How about her? She's dead. Yeah. Tradget, sad. Yeah. Yeah. I wanted to write. Funny. Funnyer than John Boulouche. To me, different stuff. The thing you have to lose. He was funny. It was always the same thing. She was very funny. And then I was always the same dude. Don't hit it over. Why do you have to? Don't apologize. Don't apologize. The guy's busy him now as opposed to where Roseanne Roseanna Dana, which we have right here in town. Yeah. But he wouldn't get a lot of votes. No, she would not. He get Dean Waters vote. That's about it. See, the idea that Steve Allen has compared to Phil Hartman. It's ludicrous. I saw those old clips. There were, whatever. I guess it's dated. Must have been funny at the time. Steve Allen's stuff. Steve Allen's stuff. Steve Allen's stuff. Steve Allen's stuff. Steve Allen's stuff. That stuff back then was the best television in history. And speaking of television, you see this thing about Tvo last night on No 60 minutes? No. You didn't? No. Oh, you were really good in that. And the heads of the networks are just crap at in their pants now because Tvo and I forget what the other one is called. You know, where you had the little box on the TV set. With the hard drive inside. And it records all the shows you want, whatever you want them to. Right. And the it can edit out the commercials. And you can also, if you're watching the show live, you can pause it and go take a phone call for 10 minutes and come back and pick it up wherever you left off and see the rest of it without rewinding or fast forward Tvo. And so now the networks are frantically trying to figure out how the how they're going to sell commercial time and most people are once they get those which they will when they admit that. They're going to be like dancing to the commercials and not watching them. Oh, yeah. Puba Booth. Tvo. Let's see John Boulouche. Default. A Dvo. 560. 560. 560 on the AT&T line. Mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. How about Charles Schultz? That's a good one. I think he's affected us more than any. I think he affected us more than John Boulouche. Definitely more than John Boulouche. Yeah. Good one. Thank you. Yep. You got it. I agree with him. Charles Schultz. Huh? Sure. He was still working. We're not asking what he's still working. I did that lunch. Hey, I didn't pay. It's still working. He didn't work it over here. The question is, Jackie, it's still working. Exactly. What? Your question is, what? Which public figures death affected you the most? We have four. We have people listening now. I would say from 15 to 80. If they were not going to be new anymore, their death would have a less. How about Henry Ford? How about Charles? Isn't he? He made a new anymore. If they were done making whatever it was that was the... How about Wayne Boulouche? Who cares? He's still holding it. You don't see what I'm saying. If their career was already years over, what difference does their death make? They're not doing what they were doing. They're still working. They're still working. They're not doing what they were doing. They're still working. They're still working. They're still working. They're still working when they died. That's not the point. Charles Schurtz wasn't really still working. He was like, when all this was fired. Like, food ridden to an old fat. How do you like that? That's good ridden to fat or bad rubbish with bad tacky outfits and things. And they guess it would be right. And you have a point. How about another double-seasoned reveal that's come on. Come on. People can get monoclas, marry, or lawns, and Elvis to come over for once today. And we can feed them all those home entice. Thanks again to our good friends, which I threw the cards away by getting them up. And their intentions were very good, but I'm just not doing that anymore. And nobody, not one person in the audience will, maybe one. But nobody else believes me. You'll see. I got the inspiration now, baby. No more fat for this kid. What's the point? We play TV was that other product. We play TV and Tvo. Those are the two brands that they are available now. I mean, you can go out of them. They said they're like between 400 and 800 bucks. And the only knock on them, the one guy said it takes like six hours to install it. Especially if you have like satellite dishes in the whole, but even if you have a satellite dish like 20 or 30 of them like I do, and a cable and all the other, you can still hook it through there. And it downloads the schedules. Downloads all the information from the sky from the satellites. And so you can let's say you wanted to watch, you know, nothing but wrestling shows. You wanted to take them on your hard drive. And you could like punch up wrestling by, you know, category. And they'll show you all the wrestling shows that around that day, that week, whatever. And you can tape them for that day or for the whole next month or whatever. Whatever you want. Or just pick up the ones you want to tape. Can't wait because I'm like touching around with the VCR. This is a hard drive. Exactly. And so the commercials baby, it's going to be just a matter of time before that. And they're talking about, well, you see like some of the shows, like whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, when they picked out. And in the background in the hospital, there was like a soda machine, a generic one. And they said, well, you know, one month it could be a coke machine or a Pepsi wants to out. Better, it could be a Pepsi machine. They do it movies all the time. Maybe that's how the sponsors are going to have to get in there some livable pitch. Because people are going to be avoiding commercials on television like the plague. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. This is live two for you. Okay. One is Brian Jones. Brian Jones. I'm Jones. Rolling Stones. Yeah. Okay. Well, I guess, I'm popular. Okay. And I don't believe no one's mentioned steeper queen yet. Steve McQuestee the Queen. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Okay. We put those on the list. No. Brian Jones. Steve McQueen. How about some other Queen? How about Paul Lind? Sure. Correct. Charlie. Charlie. Charlie. Charlie. Charlie. Charlie. How about the Charlie Weaver? How about the Gornie Weaver? How about I mean, leave it out obvious. How about Rick Weaver? Huh? I mean, I'd say there's a guy. I just, I just, I think getting the blue, the, all the, the, the place election. He's right. Yeah. He did a great job here. He wasn't a very pleasant guy. And he smelled real bad. But he, he gets nothing. I mean, he almost like chopped liver. He just vanished and like nobody other than Hank worked with him. He was fine by me. Treated a little people. Okay. Okay. Well, there you go. No, he wasn't, I'll say it again. He was a real eagle maniac. And I remember Bill Carter in his wife and the Rick in his wife. And I, we once went to dinner. And I'll, Rick talked about the whole dinner was himself. I mean, there's a whole meal was consumed with Rick. We were talking about Rick Weaver, which it wasn't very great company. But, but anyway, there's a guy died. Not that he's a bit was a big celebrity. Or in the category that kind of people were talking about. But just goes to show you in his town. If you could make any marks. Yeah, like even a mark on the ground would like whatever you got. Like if you have a like a chicken farm, if you'd like to leave a little pecker track behind or whatever you leave, you know. It's a miracle because they forget they blow you off here like nothing, you know. Just like that Bob Gordon called me on there. Remember that? Anybody know who that is? No. But I remember who it was because he had a great looking son that I heard at W.S. News. That's why I remember that. Or the good news is a stake in check after the hockey game after leaving a game flying out there to make room for stake in check Saturday night. They got white people working in the drive through a game. Some of them anyway. Oh, I feel better. Don't you feel relieved about that? The home would yell at me. It's coming. Yeah. It's structured. And it came a sweep. It's the apocalyptic music event of a summer. It's the great boode in concert. And if you make it out alive, you'll be grateful too. It's the big grateful you're not dead to us. During the grateful year of bunch of fans. Good-lage men playing psychedelic rock songs about peace and love while a new generation of angry and fans. You totally missed the point right in the parking lot because their pissed off and the boomers were taking all the dooms. Ultimately forcing the local authorities to cancel the show to prevent further injuries and lots of lines. It's the big grateful you're not dead to her. Coming soon to event you near to you. Well that's a perfect thing to live with. Not a 30 at five six UWQM. Here's a great list. These are dead ones killed me. Tiger the dog from Brady bunch. Brett Summers. Anisa Jones. Buffy from family affair. I don't even know who that is. Do you? Yes. Jim Morrison. Bob Crane. Bill Colon. Tennessee only Ford. Lucille Ball. Lucy. Lucy. Huh? I can't if ever there was one. Yeah. I think I'm a lot bigger than Phil Hartman. For you and Alan. Yeah. What? Sure. And John Ballucci. Yeah. How do you can produce seal ball? You can't. He hasn't been doing too much work lately though. Do you want to late. Oh. But everybody loves Lucy. Dennis James. Who? Dennis James. Okay. Okay. Dennis James. Who? Oh my god. See, and you're like trying to pretend you're qualified to be participating in this. I think you should disqualify yourself right now. Dennis James did the serial commercials all all those spots. One of the great pitchman of all time. He was like a. Ledger non TV. Dennis James real smooth voice. Okay. Okay. The end of every spot. serial commercial like. Cologs. Okay. Okay. That's what you used to say. See, he's got you doing. Okay. Okay. Yeah. What is wrong with you? James. New York Oliver. Brian Spinner. Spencer. Kevin Kitchens. Spanky. Elf Alpha. And buddy. Holly. How about if I'm going to put on. Buddy. Holly. How about we're going to put on. Holly. Holly. Holly. Holly. Holly. Holly. Holly. Holly. Holly. Holly. Holly. Holly. Holly. It's just because you did. Doesn't mean you can't make a good living. Especially if you haven't been famous while you were alive. Lucrative licensing agreements in February. Checks keep rolling in long after many celebrities have shuffled off this mortal coil. Consider Elvis. Last year, the king pulled down an estimated $35 million to 15 million from Grey's landed missions. Bicking him the richest guy in the graveyard. Oh yeah. Nipping at Elvis's ankle bones is peanut's creator. The police are all shocked. See that guy that called it. Who debuted his posthumous career by earning $20 million since his death from Colom cancer. They'd $77 last year. Here are the Forbes list of the richest. The sea celebrities with their 2000 earnings. Elvis Presley 35 million for the king. Charles. Shows 20 million plus John Lennon. 20 million. Theater. Doctor. Sue. Giselle. I don't even know who that is. I don't know. Oh, Ted. Oh, Ted. I don't know who that is. 17 million. I don't watch Doctor Sue's. Doctor Sue's. The cat in the hat. Green eggs of him. I know what Doctor Sue says, but I don't read that and watch that. I'm not in the kids crap. Okay. That's a kid. At this point, I would hope not. Yeah. Yeah. But you seemed to know a lot about it. I was a kid once. Oh, you have a kid. That's right. Good excuse. And was a kid. And grew up with Doctor Sue's. Like most kids. Well, I didn't. I didn't grow up with Doctor Sue. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Number two. Titus and 30 million. One I told you. No need to. You just tell me one. Ready to Memorizing and it's 5. Not more? And. I've heard more. Yeah. There's another one. I haven't loaded the ring. Sorry. 7 million. Every six million. Cool. Storage. Pull in. Merlin, La Nore, four million and James Dean, three million. Yes, somebody also facts about Merlin, Mon Roe. Do you put it on a list? Yeah, we're not. Yeah. Huh? She wasn't really, could have made some more movies. They cut her off in her, I don't know, but prime, but yeah. She was all right. 560560 pond. So we'll put it on a list to our show. So we've got how many names? Two, four, six, eight, ten, 12, 14, 16. Well, we got room for more on there. Why not? There's a lot of famous dead people that you liked. But you see, it's not a question of did you like? Which public figures death affected you the most? Let's you like, oh, gee, and that ain't that a shame, like that's not what I'm going to say. Come on. Stop like just throwing in a bunch of dead people for the hell of a hell of a man. Here's a mobile and Merlin, Merlin, hello. Hey, I knew I'd go today. Okay. Hey, I was just thinking you forgot why. I'll open a statue, but it affected me with Stanley Kubrick. Stanley Kubrick? Clockwork orange, you know, full full metal jack. Yeah, I know Clockwork orange. I'm trying to. 2001. Right now. I think I was going to want to space the, uh, innocent space space, space, space, space, and it's two, two, two, two, two, two, three. Space, two, two, two, three. I was two, yeah. And then you don't think that the North was in that one. Yeah, but actually, we're at Clock Clockwork Orange, to me, was the one to go because that's kind of how about Malcolm McDonnell? Oh, try the white. Okay, everything. I know he's not that. I just was checking, you know, testing him for his knowledge. What is it? What is it? What did Grayberry's dad do? But he's quite. Keith Herring is some artist. It's a blabbering guy with a polyethel in it who the hell Keith Herring is, okay? I don't even like pickled herring. I sure's all not going to be a concert with Keith Herring. Anyway, Stanley Kubrick, you know, was a great guy. And it was, uh, we're not putting him on list. Would you put him on list? No, I'm not asking you. He has not belong on this list. An addition to what James Dean is just so, like I said, he made three movies. And it's all hyped anyway. And anybody out there who's affected by life and James Dean must be some faggot, okay? And us fags have put a lot more important names on it. Like how about Freddie Mercury? How about it? This is named a long and a list. Since they did so well musically, huh? You were going to be a big song in an answer. So we're going to the audience about my taste, suck like crazy and Queen, right? Right. Right. All you had a sexual relationship with him. He didn't put that quickly in on there. You put in Kirk or Bane in the same category with Freddie Mercury. What do you mean was doing stuff actively as in the roundabout? That's a point. That is a point. A point. Because if they if they're retired, if it's over, then they're not going to affect your life when they die. Come on, he asked for one's the last time that Queen came out with a CD. I don't know. But everybody has all this stuff. For example, John Wayne, I grew up thinking he was dead. So when they told me that he died, I didn't care. I grew up hoping that he'd be dead, okay? And eventually, you died? Yeah. So what goes around comes around. Now I'm not going to, uh, not even look pretty on the list. Freddie Mercury? Yeah. No. I just was testing it. Now you can't see it. So I put in every dead singer on the goddamn list. I mean Jim Morrison, John Lenin of course has to be on lift echoes without saying. But Jim Morrison didn't represent something that anybody like John Lenin did, other than maybe like drugs. Oh, here we go. Oh, and there's the cheerleaders on there with their pompom's Trent Lott, son CNN right now. Discussion? Yeah. Our runs are, you're so big. I will bless them a soul with wrongly some Marie. Now we got a fervor of the family tree. I'll stand in the grave and I'm about to throw up. I can't get his ass. I'll back it get dug up on home. Oh, yeah. Oh, I'm a little rattle in the house fell off. So cold in the grave I got a nasty cow. I can't get pops pop in that. But a cup I'd love to say. I'll back it get dug up on home. Oh, yeah. Well, I'll break his jaw and give him two black ass. The nose will swell to his original side. I'll play tears again till he's all gone. I'll bend him over while a chair puts off so too. Me, your favorite, but you love me. Bring a back hold to the same material. There's a lot of love and pity by the god of beat up. But I can't. Oh, let us forget dug up. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. It is some body's dignity. 16 to 0 to 560. Everybody in their brother, not only in the opinion of who should be on list, but how we ought to do to list and it's amazing. We're going to have like 50,000 votes on this thing. They say, uh, it says hand bishop, but affected white water. It helps eating ass. That's pretty interesting. Right still eating ass is what I'm hearing. Oh, there's going to be a baby. What if he ever got into Diane Maggames? Here's Chris Folly, Merlin Monroe, Lucy, Chris Folly, no. Merlin Monroe's on the list. Lucy, a ball. I love Lucy. Rock Hudson. I think rock Hudson belongs. I don't know if there's a very a fags out there. No, it's not that there is big, but the fact that, uh, now see you're again, you're missing. You're just not getting it. Why can't I communicate with you people out there? And this one in here. I get it. Which public figures death affected you the most? Right. He died. The fact he died from AIDS was the first, uh, personality, public figure who died from it, even when we lied through his teeth, to law was too late and could lie anymore. Do you know who the first or just, well, tell me who was. I don't know. I was a, he was the first. He was the first. Well known person who, uh, anybody even knew head AIDS. It looked like Robert Reed. They died, they lied about that. And they found after long after his death or months after his death, they found it on his death certificate. And that's it. He lied. He tried. And he lied. Yeah. And I had Brady Bunch thing on, um, MSNBC, uh, Florence, heavier sentence going on with her thing, a Western oil that she's care. That's another thing. You know, she's always got that, uh, jug of Western oil. Just in case it's a, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know for no. Just to keep it handy in case. But anyway, and she's going out of a well, you know, he was such a private person who was nobody's business. Well, I have mixed feelings about that. Plus the fact that he was a real, like a, on top of that. Do you ever see that thing? Yes, I did. How can you miss in the way that he was, uh, been system on the script, being entirely accurate, looking up things in the dictionary. I mean, we saw a silly show. He took himself way too seriously. And then, of course, when they give him a chance to do those stupid shows, the variety shows, and he was on their singing and missing and dancing, that was okay. So we're not putting Robbery on a list. Okay. We'll put Rock Hudson on there for us, take a list. Okay. How about Judy Garland? So I'm aware. I mean, we agreed on her music. She was the best. But no. I'm allies of Manelli. She's not dead yet, but many of us are. I don't want to say hoping. There would be bad. That would be bad for a monocone like me to say that about lies of Manelli. That notorious bag hang. That would be very bad. Can't stand that bitch. Here's what it says. What about Jesus? There you go. Oh, yeah. What would Jesus do about this list? Now, we all put sloppy dresses on there, okay? Here's an interesting fact from Keith and four Myers, who says, how about my pet dog or cat? He says, I don't let publicity determine the severity of affected my life. Can you imagine that an affected losing tiny or your big dog would have a new versus the death of Hacks and has been to because of the notoriety. We're wealth and the drank and drug themselves to this. Maybe I'm a court-art instead of a bitch, but now you got a good point, there Keith. But that's not what we're talking about. Nothing did when Lucille bald died. The effect was as much as when snuggles died or something like that. That's not the point. Or like when your father died and you know, you wrote you out of the will or something like that. I mean, there are people I'm waiting to see there were a bit you're waiting to paper every day and I keep checking. Still not there, dammit. By the way, Keith and four Myers says, PS is raining here so we'll be able to catch you from noon at two PSS. Schroach is definitely bringing that property by the way. Thank you, Keith and four Myers. Here's another one that says, mother, Theresa should be on your list. She died at almost the same time as Princess Diana, but the world paid attention only to death of Diana. Mother Theresa was one of the few great non-Materialistic humanitarians in the world since they've been keeping her skin. I guess you're figuring about the fact that she caused all that misery and suffering just like the Pope going around preaching all that okay at crap and making people a lot of unwanted babies and speaking out against the use of a contraceptives and settlement so on and a Bosch and things like that. Just like most people in the hierarchy of the Catholic Church and in a flitor of pain and suffering and a rickled up old bitch on top of it, they showed her for about 15 seconds that we can and all the rest of the time we had to see Diana who allegedly was young and glamorous. Well, they got the young part right. Was she beautiful? No, she glamorous? No. No. She was just another plastic bitch from that rural family. Just another money grab and bitch. Here's one that says, George is right, only those people who died in their prime preferably from some violent calls for a massive drug overdose. There you go. That's a good idea. Now we'll get Kurt Cobain on there. No, don't, don't do it. What do you got there, Beast? I didn't mention what a great job the Beast did here last money and actually said good things about me on the year over the weekend which we heard. Thanks, Beast. It says, how about Joe to measure your Andy Kaufman? No. How about Ralph S. Kaufman? The George S. Kaufman, whatever his name was. Ralph Kaufman's a harness driver. How about George S. Kaufman? How about Penn and Surf? How about George M. Cohan? Right. How about the Eddie Cohen? Nothing to say, Marty Cohen. How about Andy? How about him? Can't be right. No more praying. Joe, the man, do you want to say how that have you gone? He belongs to an elistice. Sure, why not? Oh, Marilyn Monroe could be on there. Although I don't believe that you already actually touched her, you know? Oh, probably a couple times. No, no, no, no, no. I'll say that. That's like a Justin Pinkerbell there, like in Whitney Spears. You don't really believe that, do you? No, he heard it. That she was Charlton Joe. Oh, really? Yeah. I have a great line for that, but we need the job. Here's one from Harris who says, this is a baby woman, the death of Michael Landon, and the Nasdaq, sure. I feel like there's someone. Yeah, the Nasdaq, that's my favorite. Yeah, whoever Nasdaq is, he's dead. Down another 14 right now. Michael Landon now, what a quote. And he described probably saw the thing. Also on MSNBC this weekend, legends and headlines is whatever the thing is. The same six shows they have over and over again. Michael Landon was good. Little Joe. Yeah, I look pretty good to his matter, fact. Little Joe. Little, no, he was not a Joe. Sure he was. Once he, Michael Landon was a Joe. That's one little house on the prayer. You've never heard the word Jesus in the church. It was always God, this God. But he was playing a priest in that one show. He always was the last, it was not us. The one they did before that. So he had the collar on, who was playing a priest. He was connecting. Michael Landon wasn't Jewish, trust me. I don't trust you when it comes to the church. Okay, if any Jews out there, George comes here says trust me. Don't do it. Not a good idea. I love this. Just like when I get on the train and the Amsterdam, ahead of for a colon and the German police commander say, trust us, I say no, I don't think so. Just those are Israelis. They don't trust them. I tell them if you're on that. Okay, Michael Landon's not going on. But he was, you know, he was significant. You know, he had not a lot of work lately, even for a code act, but he was pretty good. He had a big hair. He was good looking. He was very good looking guy. Not that he would know, but he was, he was no John Schroeder, but he's not dead yet. So, John Schroeder, who's that? From the dukes of hazard, was that a night? Did I say Schroeder? Yeah, you think it was a room show? No, I'm thinking of her Charles Schroeder. Show's going to the dogs. Linus. But anyway, did I say Mc Schroeder? Yeah, Mc Schroeder is a really good guy. Let's hope that he dies so we can talk about him. I think his sits was finally cleared up. His tits is I didn't know he was Jewish, is he Jewish too? What task did Michael Landon was Orthodox? Okay, anybody out there know that Michael Landon was Jewish? I don't believe that. Dinosaur was Jewish. How about her? She dead? Done a sure? Yes, she did. I think so. See, you say, Ian, you're sure, really? What? You never saw that? Yeah, yeah. That was what she was famous. Oh, couldn't sing a lot of a paper sack. See, you say she couldn't sing a note, but she was okay until they did this as your life without February. I've told this before her name was Rose Fanny Shore, or something like that. And when it came out on there that she was Jewish, she had a look on her post like, oh, where do I hide the tits of, you know? Man, where do I hide the Mazuza? Here's my milk. He left upon the heat. Okay, good. Nice talk of Dia. That's not like Bob Gordon. Here's more water Dia, hello. Okay, how you doing? Pretty good. I'm like, before I get to my Michael Landon was Jewish, he had some Polish, his real name was a Polish name. Paul. Was he? I don't remember. I wonder how he was about him. Is after he got diagnosed, I think he had pancreatic cancer, which is like a death sentence. Right. He came on Johnny Carson. I don't know if you were to show the clip on that on the show. I'm talking about an MSNBC. They showed that. I mean, whatever actually, what a setup up the guy. That takes some balls. He went out with players. That's right. He had low press conference. Then he came on Carson one last time. And he died. You know, I mean, you know. Sorry. Yeah. This one, I don't know if anybody's mentioned it. It just, what had happened, it hit me much harder than I would have expected. And I think it goes to prove how good of a job he did and what he did. And that was when Harry Carrey died. I felt just so sad. You know something, I have now George W. I'm a great majority. I'm not a sports nerd, but I'm a carry. I'm putting on a list because you know something. You know what I can't. I thought somebody's other day, when I got my satellite dish, I started watching the cubs. Because I don't care about the cubs because they're Harry Carrey. And then after he died, I stopped watching the cubs. I don't care about the cubs anymore than I used to before. But I watched mostly for Harry because he made it exciting and entertaining. I was in college at Michigan State, actually. When he first started broadcasting for the cubs, it was on the cable. Hey, new. Fuck you. Right. We had nothing to do during the summer up there. It was barely 80s or a regular session. It was at least the top of every afternoon. I just started to eat and just like if you was your friend. And when he died, how about Mel Allen? See, that's before my time. But I'm not knocking it. But I could have not burned. Prince. How about Bill and you? Okay, you're going again. How about Boston and you and you go before I die. What did Brooks? But you understand what I'm saying. These guys were good at what they did. These sportscasters. You really felt like they were your friend. And when I went to Cooperstown and you have Harry bottle cat. Cop bottle glasses there. Right. You know, you just said, oh, it makes you feel sad. So it's kind of strange. But yeah, you're right. I'm putting him on the list. Well, that's good. I wanted to what was one other thing. If I can't opt to stop it. You said you wanted to the hockey game Saturday? Briefly, yeah. Yeah. I didn't go. I went to the hockey game. I was still going. I flew out of there. Even though I was going home while we watched the rest. But that was a disgusting performance by Louis Terrible. I went Friday. Which was an exciting game for two periods. But the Saturday game I had on the TV. And it was a seven o'clock start. And I think this tells you that one of the things that's wrong with NHL. I also put on at seven thirty. I don't know if you were aware of this. Was Michigan State University of Michigan, reporting in the CCHA final. No. So it started to half hour later. It was one that's small-dish on Fox Sports Detroit. It started to half hour later. But it ended in real time about five minutes after the Panthers game. Because they don't have all the PS. They don't have all the music in between everything. Right. They don't have all these commercial press. And hockey games is no and now worth a crap. I don't see that. We allowed blurring music just driving the people. Not to making you deaf. And so you can't hear the people are talking to you. This game was three times more exciting than Toronto. Right. I'm sure that. And in addition to what you mentioned, and I wasn't going to bring it up. But it's really an nauseating, but typical to me that they had standing with only Friday because Mario was here. Right. There's the best player in the world. But Mario is nearly as there's a difference between being the best and the most exciting. And Pablo Burri, like I've said now, since he's come here, is the most exciting player who plays the game today anywhere in the world. And he is so much on fire now, it's unbelievable. And yet they will not pack the place. And nobody comes to see him play. So the idea that the hype, once again, the hype wins over. And I got standing alone. They've only started out there because Mario was in town. But Pablo and they can see 41 times a year. Forget about it. Anytime he touches the puck, I mean you don't know. Not gonna out that I'm saying I'm going to see him because the rest of it is pathetic. But Jesus Christ, I mean there's no comparison. And they don't appreciate what they got. But I just thought it was interesting how much quicker the game went and how much more exciting it was without all that crap. Yeah. Well, today, it took me the can't speed it up like a baseball game. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. Okay. Like one of those four all baseball games. Five to end. It won't be long. I've got a lot of guillotine sucking this morning. They're up there at the in Vira and guillotine. Oh yeah, well, I'm sure you know starting this year. It's going to be a better team and the fans will slowly start coming back. Man, why are you such a suckhold, guillotine? Why are you in the people on that morning show such little suckholds? Huh? Except for Joe that let the Tory have a deal. They didn't even, David J. Neal, I score in their Schwarz, Schwarz boy. I guess it must have been his question. I got it erupted in the press conference last week because he wrote a skating commentary about the Tory and his interpret behavior in commentary. And I score on their David, you sure got that Michael Russo beat that little top of crap. A compland? I don't know, but man, but I trust you, Arthur. I love the Hillard. I want a boat, a train, a train, free out to the ball. Ten eight. Three out to the crowd. Five in the evening, Jack. Two Jack. Five on the catch fire. Just back, go, wait, screw. Look what falls up. Call me if there is. Go with me to the shenanigans. Fall right. What? Two, three, five, go. Five, zero, four, go. Right. Yeah. I'm glad I called in because that's going to be my vote. So I'm sitting here doing this survey that I, in generally, when I take a poll, I got some idea what my vote's going to be. And I'm looking through this list here and to be honest with you, I'm pretty damn unimpressed. Huh? I'm not saying it's not a good list as far as the choices, but I'm talking about me personal. Was I all broken up with our Charles Schwarz guy? No, because that all we comics. I mean, I'm not that I never read peanuts. And peanuts was okay, but no difference to me. Jerry Garcia. Am I a deadhead? No. I don't think so. I would be cut dead were one of those times. I'll tell you that. Although I do like Jerry Garcia. We wouldn't have no fish for it. We wouldn't have no cherry Garcia if it wasn't for the grateful dead. Frank Sinatra, Jackie. We're looking up and down this list now. Looking for John Lennon. Eh? That was sad. Gun down and like that. JFK. What have been my vote except for the fact of this guy called in Harry Curry? Plus the fact that was 38 years ago. Although there's there again, there's a difference. So we can argue, go into the finite about, you know, whether the guy was in the prime of his life, and the guy was still a present in Harry Curry was a dottering old guy who kept having these strokes and falling down. So you know, that's part of it too. We'll be doing that on our next survey, which one of these died the most gruesome death that made you like, you know, pick your guts up. Does that impact it more if they died, you know, tragically suddenly if they were sick for a long time and you knew it was coming. Well, and they have like figure, like in figure skating, they get points for that, you know. Style points. Here's a mobile at North Miami Beach, hello. Hey, yes sir. Somebody that's like a grandfather or an uncle that died, comfortable old to Charles Corral. Oh. Hey, we, you know, I've known it's expected to make the list. No. He was a great guy. Yeah, he was okay. And the Frank Vapha. Hey, he was okay. He was in the thanks, man. Okay, see you on the cockamoon unit. Anybody ever check out Moons unit? 560, 560, 560, 560, what the hell just thrown on there? Oh my god. Oh. Oh. Facts are just pouring. Oh, is the Rochester Donna bombs thing. Can't you miss the beginning of the show? What was that? She keeps moving. It's just on the... Yeah. Your favorite. Queen, Freddie Mercury. I know who it is, but I mean, what are we going to do? I'll explain what's between. Oh, I see. Michael Land and his name was Eugene Maurice Orwood. I told you he was Jewish. Eugene Maurice Orwood's. Oh, Gordon Farris tells New York what a javelin throwing scholarship to the University of Southern something. It doesn't say what. There's no, say, camping or university of Southern, but that ends there. Well, I'm sure there's more of this coming, whether good stuff started. Thank you very much. Are we ever going to get this pool going? Huh? Would that have get a call in Eric who better get it up into pool too? Because I like to have some votes on here before we lean for the day. Five, six, seven, oh, five. But we have the host still take some other ideas. We're probably say, uh, no, to most of them because we don't want to get Eric or schooled up there. We've got plenty of names. Which public figures death affected you the most? Damn it. JFK, Bobby Kennedy, Martin Luther King, John Lennon, Elvis, Princess Diana, how about the Lindwood baby? Dale Earnhardt, John Wayne. How could you say John Wayne doesn't belong in a list? That is so ridiculous. Not going to have affected anyone. Did you die? It'll be like in the last three. Jerry Garcia, JFK, Jr. Frank Sinatra, Jackie, Phil Hartman, John Bolusian. I don't think he belongs on that list. Probably not. What the hell? OK, put him on there anyway. We're scaled. Yeah. Well, we had a lot of people like the animal house. Right? Blues brothers. Blues brothers? How about the aqua? Oh, he's still alive. Charles Schultz, Marilyn Monroe, rock Hudson, Jordan, as you and Harry Carey. He died. Yeah. Here's open park, hello. Hello, I'm Neil. Yesterday Dave K. But I got four names for you there, enough to please. You know, Dick, Dick, Jamie, dying, extra area for all. Uh huh. The honor book. OK, great. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. The movement movement and Verizon wireless one. That was pretty good. One that good? Here's the lady mobile and lady, hello. I need a one of my that affected me the most with four good Marshall. Really? Yeah, that's a good Marshall. All of our right is we know it or not. How about a regular Marshall? Yeah. How about Peter Marshall? I don't know about that. From the Hollywood Square. I think he's still alive. Yeah, probably. OK, thanks. Thanks. What you say? Third good Marshall, is he going on a list? No. No. No. You talking about. Well, I mean, she's being honest with the affected her. She shed a tear to. She sat down and ball like a baby. And that's just the way that she just sounded how it affected her. She won't think about many of you people out there. And this is very important. Some pearls of wisdom from the fatta will fag on a radio. And that is that many people, especially in this country think that there is like some kind of a uh predictability. There's a former like people are supposed to behave or react in a certain way. It's like the poor question. You believe in God is there at all of that crap. Do you believe in heaven and hell? All of this garbage. And when you know, and people may come up with some odd ball things and who do I'm I to say that if you thought that when Ish Kabibble died that was like, or like, uh, Hermione Gingold, maybe like Hermione Gingold. George is looking like who that was at. No, I'm not going to be a business. Someone was you. Who used to be on cruise show. That's book of life. I'll give you a whole life story. Come on, again, Gingold Hans Conrad. Panama and quiz Mike Stokey. I bet she's dead. Oh, no, not Mike Stokey. Jesus. Oh, Christ, there's so much of that going around. So, you know, different strokes for different folks, different strokes. How about Marie Stoke? Who? I have no penis. Where did the I know this for sure. This place is a sh**er. I've done better dives than this. But someone turned on the f**king light. Yeah, strange things I have done. Or should I say that I have ordered it to be done. Like cooling round with people's meatchaps with a gun. But things goes for fun. Hey, it passed but time away. But look at time to pass away. So, though I may be gone, I'm not forgotten. I'll just keep them closed. And smell kind of rotten. I'm just real worm who's afraid of things in this box. It's so delicious. It's so delicious. It's so delicious. Which is to get some food. I hate when that happens. Well, this thing's here at the long feed on it. There is self food. I don't really love that. Okay, it's 15 at 5. Here's the info on Hermione Gingold. How do you like that? Tied May 24, 1987. A cardiac problem said pneumonia. She was 90 years old. She was best remembered from her role in Gigi. And of course, notable TV gets appearances. Hermione Gingold. Anybody know who that is? No. Just mean vocablion who ever fact me this. Anyway, Michael Lange went to the University of Southern California when a javlin throwing scholarship at the USC, but eventually launched this scholarship due to a torn ligament which also led it in his athletic career. How you liked that? He could have been athlete. He was the only actor so far. Oh, they're hockey and banging again down there. They're banging on it. I'm whether that's Frankie trying to bang his well or the box. Michael Lange was the only actor so far to have three consecutive shows on TV. Each of which ran for five years or more. Which they pointed out in that very moving piece on MSNVS. He should be on our list, shouldn't he? Yeah, I think so. Let's get Michael Lange in on there. Maybe it's a big story. I'm sorry, but he really got to be on there. I'm not sure. I think they're cost nothing. Huh? Yeah, put Michael Lange in on there. I bet you get to a few vote. Anyway, each of which ran for five years in marble, and answered, I think 59 to 73. Little house on the Prairie Rhymes with Mary. And highway to heaven. That's why we had the Getschkees go collar on the priest. I believe. And toured at Hillside Memorial Park, Culver City, California. toured. Turd. You toured. Right. So there you go, Michael Lange. And he was a good guy. Never stole a freight train. His idea was to portray the put television programs on without sex or violence, which, of course, a lot of us. We could do without the violence part. But out to sex part well, we're not too happy about that. That's when John Shroud, I mean, John Shnider said. I got to get me credit for one thing. I didn't watch that show. Dooks have had it. Did not watch that show. Much as I loved John and Shnider. Couldn't I could not handle it. Couldn't do. Yeah. Please. Is that what I'm saying? Even Daisy wasn't good enough. I mean, I like what I would like to get to pick him. They could just once. But I mean, you've got to admit, he was a good looking guy. John Shnider. Yeah, sure. Whatever. He was a very, he looked like a dump. Like what he was on that show, a local. A hic. A mugwamp. John Shnider was a very, very good looking man. And you know who played Michael Andon and the movie that they did on him? John Shnider. Very good. Good guess. For you to sit in that chair and to be talking about John Shnider being a mugwamp and whatever you would have all those other adjectives. John Shnider looked about as good as you can look. It don't get too much better than that. Okay. Trust me. I think from someone I trust. Who knows about such things. He was no Daisy. Shane. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey. What about Jim Hansen? Yeah. I've heard you mentioned that before, but it's over the people off the year, but I didn't want to repeat it. All right. Come on. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay Jim. Jim. We can answer. Okay. Guy. Jim. Guy. Jim. Guy. Jim. Jim. We can answer. Guy. Guy. Jim. Guy. Jim. Hey. There you go. Buffalo. Bob. Now he is dead in me. Uh. Buffalo. Bob Smith. Yeah. That's got to be on the list there. I'm sorry to keep adding these on here. How about Elmer Conrad? So I got to be with Francis so here. Someone called about that. Francis so here? Yes. No. Yeah. What do you mean? Someone called off the air and said Francis over here. And I didn't think that you'd done. He was my favorite harness driver of all time. He's an old man. Great. He could drive on baby. One of a lot of money on old Francis. Frank Oh here from Fushing Michigan. She keeps throwing those guy down. Buggy horse drivers in there. You bet. Just to show Dick fine. I know my crap. Speaking of over here. But anyway, Buffalo Bob. He's got to be on the list. I bet he gets lots of votes because let's face it. Uh, oh, yeah. And he's not dead yet. Mr. Green jeans. What tells his name? Mr. Green jeans? Not Mr. Green jeans. Well, what was that show? I have to take a look. Captain Kangaroo was an obcation. obcation. Is he dead? I don't think so. Okay. Thank God. Because he would have to be on the list. He would. Just like to get a rough chuck would have to be on the street. Oh, no. Mr. Green jeans. Yes. Yeah. And I think money rather. Now, how about Mr. Lera? What's in that plain backpack? What did you call Mr. What? Mr. McNack? Mr. McNack? Mr. McNack? Yeah. Mr. McNack. There you go. I think it was a silly start to do with the bankfights there at the hockey game Saturday. Yeah. It's a chanted boy. Yeah. Saw a couple guys trying to, you know, rub their hands up and down on it. So there you go. Buffalo Bob and Jim Henson. They're on the list for you. Painting the S. People. Keep persisting. But Buffalo Bob definitely. Well, now as we perfect this thing, you know, we'll find some really important dead people. Who just, who's death's just traumatized you. Maybe you want to sit on the curb side and cry for days. How about Claire Bell? Who? How about Dayton Allen? Well, I'm not Dayton who? You don't know who Dayton Allen was? No. That was his famous line. Why not? Well, the finger. He was with a finger up in there. Not this one. But yeah, from the Steve Allen show, which you don't seem to have too much fun. Memory resistance is before your time. How about Jackie Greason? What about him? He should be big down here. Sure. Arthur Godfrey. That anti-Semitism. That also. Get into the street after freaking out through Godfrey. We all watched the huddle. The huddle. They call Heinrich Himmler Street on the way on the beach. Can you, I still can't get over the thing. We'll take that name off of there. Arthur Godfrey Road. Is the FBI building still the J. Edgar Hoover building? The gay Edgar Hoover now. Hey, how about him? How about the death of J. Edgar Hoover? You're gay. 567.0560. Pound 560 on EA. This is good stuff today. Good. Good battle on our hands. Princess Diana is in second place. Oh, no. Behind whom? John Lennon. Oh, has seven. Much, you know, I can live with that. He didn't. Diana's got six. JFK 5. The Leron Hart's got four. John Belushi's got three. So I guess that he did belong in the list. Phil Hartman's got a pair. Harry carried with two one of which is mine. Frank Sinatra two. Martin Luther Coolds got two. How come he's only got two? Charles Schulz has got one. How could JFK be on here again? Oh, JFK. Oh, no. Junior's beating senior. JFK Junior's got five votes and seniors only got one. I could have told you that would happen. JFK Junior was about as important as a fruit fly. Oh, no. He was the crown prince. He was a king. He was a Bocleva, which I'm sure tasted a lot better. He was a good looking man. He know he was not. He wasn't even that. But they all kept saying. Over and over again. The media. Senior was a good looking man. Bobby was a good looking man. John Henry was a pile driving. I never saw we got something to buy on the ball club. Uh, Jordan as you got one buffalo. Bob's already got one. We just put him on there. John Wayne with one. Jerry Garcia was one. Nobody else has any including poor little Michael and don't have any. How about if they're death because they thought he was you positively. If you wouldn't have said he was Jewish, what? What if their death actually cheered you up? Does that warrant of vote? No. You mean like JFK Junior? Oh. I was thinking more along lines of break at you. Oh. He's not dead yet. But boy, I can just I can see that. I don't want him to take it personal, you know. But I can just see you dancing. Oh, this might be Eddie and the where's it? What's Miami is getting around? Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I don't. No, I'm here. Good. John. The dying thing was to go on around. How about Mort Boss week? Yeah, Mort Downey Junior, but I don't think he belongs unless to you. No, the opposite. Oh, okay. Like maybe what George just said about people you were kind of happy about. Exactly. Anyway, I was at the game. Tyler United section 102. Right. I was hearing the guy squeeze it. The bag. Yeah. Was that something? Right. And when Toronto tied the game, I thought someone next to me is kind of. The only guy in the vicinity copy with the other. Maybe Jacket. Uh-huh. Get that with you. That was me. Then I didn't see the rest of the game. No, after the third after Burr got to third goal, we flew a lot of there. I said, let's go. Get to get the whole lot of this place. But they came back. They came back. I saw that. But I mean, they missed the bus. They didn't even show up. And they still won the game, which you'd tell you a lot. Well, like the paper said, the final score was leaves five and burr eight three, you know. Right. No Robbie. Well, that must be it. Well, I don't know. No, it was no Peter. Well, I wasn't done it. Yeah, no Peter. Okay. What's that? Cool. Good question. Yeah. I'll talk about John Wayne today. Uh-huh. I'm an asshole. Oh, he's talking about Dennis Leary. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. And for, right, that's pretty long, you know. What's that under? That's just under plain old asshole. Yes. Put it to see. Oh, yeah. It's under plain old asshole. I'm not going to play it. But I figured it'd be much more to taste. Give that guy a little taste. The discount. Where's work? Okay. So I'd like to see. Just a little bit of an off-the-bed is that. What does that mean? About the weather speed. About the way our American parks be. Number time keeps you a lot of the weather speed. You know what I mean? About that special feeling. I think it keeps you a big out of my, uh, into the lane. Not a lot. I think that's it. I have to go ahead. Keep your big out of my bike. That's what they say in the locker room. So what are you doing there in the dark? 560-50560. And maybe he was listening to FPL. He was doing something with a light bulb. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Quirdon Cheechio. What about Robert De Nero? He's still alive. How about some like famous, uh, really, uh, how about a hungry boggard? What about him? He's dead. He died before most of us were born. Yeah, as a matter of fact. I never thought he would sell that much of a big deal, you know? Oh, well, you got it. No, you saw King Newton. King Newton was great. He was great at that. And my African queen to an extent. Johnny Mathis records. George likes the African queen. Now we're not doing the music stuff. Now we're doing dead people, okay? And he's still alive. George likes the African queen. Johnny Mathis. Do you fudge back him? Don't get him. Not misleading. Street to start with begging please. Barathees come in. How big you? You got a patch. If you're alone. You're a rich guy for you. Oh, Princess I don't know. Princess I don't know. He's really going to a tunnel. Hello, all. I think he's just sitting there. I've heard of it today because it's not an alight. Who's are? John 1116, Princess Diana 15. JFK 8, Dale Earnhardt 7, JFK Junior 7. Can you believe that? JFK Junior has got seven votes. That's the army junior. Martin Luther King's five. John Malushi five. Phil Hartman with full hair. It carried with four. Got my vote. It might be. It could be. He's dead. But boy did he make it. If he was like one in a booting. There'll never be another one. Fracks and after Elvis each have three. Well, thank the Lord Elvis only has three. That makes me feel much better about life in general. John Wayne with a pair. Bobby Kennedy with the two. Jerry Garcia and Joe to measure each have a pair. Charles Schultz and Michael and then Jim Henson each have one. Buffalo Bob has only one. Buffalo Bob has got only one. Vote. What is wrong with you people out there. But here's a great fact. It says. Couple you mentioned that you mentioned the past. Elizabeth Montgomery William Conrad. Love them both. Both. Not just good actor and actress, but really super people tremendous people. And it says, here's a test for your listeners. Listen very carefully. All you people out there turn up the radio and just sit down. Listen. Here's a test for your listeners. If you really think of famous person as bigger lost than a loved one, something is very, very wrong to which I say. Amen. Right. That's why I'll let Fony bull crap with the TV manipulating the public with the JFK Jr and the playing crash in Diana and a car crash. Well, what the hell did she ever do? What did she represent? Especially the people in this country. How come all of us? Oh yeah, now she's on top. This must be bogus. Now she's in a lead. Put the ties in the lead. Yeah. She has moved ahead with 17 votes. This is going on. I'm not joking. That's what it says on there. This has to be today's bogus. You know, every time we do one of these kind of polls, there's one bogus. One just to piss me off. She represents silly people worshiping royalty. Right. She represents a snobbery and snoozeiness and silliness and a tremendous waste of money and a bunch of crap. The opposite of everything. And then that's just her. But also the, what's his name from the big department store that the, the the father-in-law? The Arabs? Yeah. What's that was his name? Adobe. Adobe. How do you do this? How do you do this? Something like the Al-Falal. Adobe. Yeah. Whatever his name was. Adobe. Yeah. If I had, there was, yeah, whatever his name was. Some laundry head. Anyway, here's what it says. The seven challenge you asked you now. It's, well, I mean, that's, first of all, they won't celebrities number one, but I mean, I can understand that before they won't. There, there no, oh, oh, oh, bad. That was bad. How about the school teacher? She still did. Clear another one. Please add these to the list. Speaking of dead people. Sam Kineson. And Stan Major's career. Very good. Oh. Now, here's what I'm going to have to censor. This is a little bit emotional. It says, one reason I love Michael Lannon was that Tom Jickah hated him. Jickah made him at some convention LA and asked him stupid questions to which Lannon ripped that fat schmock. It says with an F. Oh, Hugh Jazz. Ever since at a specialist senses death, Tom asshole Jickah's Tartistly Lannon, Lannon memory. I want to wish Tom Jickah could make your list. I would pee on his picture. It says piss. I pee on his picture every Sunday in the paper. And if I ever met him in person, I'd kick him in his ass. Tom Jickah is the problem in the South Florida can't get rid of. Signed Mrs. Jickah. Oh. There you go, Tom. They love you, baby. And they love he even better when you were asked. They have bogus one of his princess Diane. I can see the width of their coming in now. You're not full of loss, okay. But if you want to make you feel better. Here's Papa, no, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I got to get my vote in for this guy. Not a little Williams. I was feeling you can disagree with me. Okay. Okay. Wait a minute. How can I disagree with you when you're giving me your personal opinion? This guy had a great influence on my life and music background. And that's Bob Marley. Yeah. Well, he made, he's on the list of dead people made a ton of money last year. If I can find that thing, if I didn't ship it, can it? He made millions last year. Three million dollars he's been dead for years. Yeah. Any died like at the peak of his career. I think that, you know, everything after that as far as Roya goes to sitting the same. Yeah, I'm on. Okay, man. Okay. Thanks. Happy your circus. I think I must have shmit can't bear list of it. That was quick. That's why there's just too many facts that's coming in here. And including one about Don and Bob's in Brighton, New York closing. Right next to the elementary school, I went to school. Don and Bob's closes. If I close on a chapter in so many of our lives. And did we get a lot of calls about that? No. Did we get a lot of response? No. No. Now I'll tell you one thing, even though I'm on this new strict, no eating thing. I'm going to have a white hot here soon. These next to a couple of days before I get out of here on vacation. I'm going to have on me a white hot or something that looks like one. 5605060, pound 560, where's the girl? On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Tamarack, hello. How you doing? Pretty good. Got some names to the list. Okay. Go chat and in Johnny most. Johnny most. We was wrong. I'm scared. I'm scared. Come down. I'm going to fix all the ball back. Come down. He was good. About 150 years old for Christ's sake. Who is the first one? Before Johnny most? Tell Shannon. All of them are Shannon. But it's suicide. Blow his face out. And now? He's going. Yeah. 5605050. I'll tell you who must also be on the cusp like in the bubbling under has got to be done. Deloise. He's got to be getting real close. Dangerous. That's about another half a pound. That's it. Here's the lady a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Hi, Neil. I've got. I've listened to you forever. I love you. I've never called you before. Great. But I think you're awesome. Thank you. And I have a suggestion. How about Kurt Cobain? Maybe for your young girl listeners? Yeah. I guess we'll put him on there. I guess he must be on there. Okay, cool. Oh, well, he was pretty smart me, but I'll put him on there anyway. Thanks. Thanks a lot. All right. I'll go ahead there. Let's put Kurt Cobain on there. Huh? Make sure it's happy. Only because. I've got a little bit of drugs. That's why you're a drug addict. And it's one of those drugs. You know, he's like buying and selling. I love you. He's a good deal. He's coming up. What? He was also cut off right at the height of what he was doing. He was cutting it with the razor blade. Although we all believe that Kurt did it. Kurt needs a cock. She shot him. Yeah. That was music. Yeah. He was still a smart me scumbag though. Sure, yeah, but what he wanted was from Seattle. Pretend again, so were the candidates. They were smart me scumbags. They were like, yeah, just they were like, well, dignified smart me scumbags. They did it like more intellectual or a smart me. Like Ted David says about Wastley, intellectual law's biggest. The candidates were like intellectual thieves as opposed to like the mobsters were like more common. Because I guess they were tagging. Where's the candidates were Irish? Look at that's the difference between the Irish show mobsters in the Italian is that the Irish were like a little more dignified like, you know, pure man. If we lose the old man, 560, 50560, pound, 560 on the 18th, tea and Verizon Wireless line. What about Mollon Brando? He's not dead yet, but he's also got to be in the 100 bubbling under. Another three quarters of a pound. That's it. That's it. That's it. So we need to be careful. Dom Delawies, Marlon Brando. In a case, I missed it. The reason why talking about said people, John Phillips is this. He's pushing up paddies with Mama Cat. 60, 20. Come on, let's do it. I know that great the purity we had on that was we haven't been able to find years. Or something. Yeah, it was an ACN thing. And I, if I knew what the name of it was, I'd find it because I bet you anything anything it's back there but California's falling or something in the San Francisco Bay. I think you know I find it in there. How about Scott McHensey? Is he still alive? How about McHensey Phillips? Yes she's alive. She's Kim. She became... let's see what we were. California prunes. Not shit that's the only one. And by the way if anybody gives your prunes God. Get up there, dad. Right. Stick them back at him. You'll be shimitin' for days. Pack it in and hold it. Listen to the sounds of John John Paulie's play. You think they're both in the Indian they're like JFK. Good afford a better play. JFK, I've got to find the five. The five were so good. She's been driving that boat. Oh, I ... A very definitely head to B Teocomboon. Now pedzy goes into a zip bandize the day that good days from what they call the luckily ì¸ë²  he's first. Yeah the The third is Flatter 4. The third is Flatter 4. The third is Flatter 4. The third is Flatter 4. He's going. Yeah. 255. 60 WDQAM. Biography for William Conrad possessed a malifluent Bellaton voice. William Conrad was also the narrator of radio program escape. He was the original Marshall Mat Dylan on Gunsburg radio show. Born September 27, 1920, died for more than 1994, so we died at the age of 74. Not bad, not... I was fat. Fat. Jake and the fat man, cannon. Short live Neural Wolf. He lost the world who had a mad Joan to James Arnes on TV. He also re-insuspected comic huts as narrator of the Rocky and Bolvian Colt TV cartoons. Did you know that? No. I didn't know that either. That's right. Now I remember the voice. There. If I had to pick, maybe one day we'll do it. Although it's very difficult to deal with these punks out there. But if you had to pick the best TV show of all time, which how do you do that? Like picking the best meal of your life. The Rocky and Bolvian Colt, that's got to be right up there. Great. Yes. Tangle. There were no bad episodes. Everyone was like, and of course, another one of those shows that supposedly was for kids, definitely was for adults. Definitely, all the stuff on over the kid. Like most of my stuff goes over most of your head. It was the same thing. You know, sailing way over their head. William Conrad, good man. But you see what? You're missing the essence of this. The essence of Emerald. You know, I ever smelled it. Yeah, that's the essence of him. Well, when he dies, that's going to be, I don't think I'll be here. I'm hoping, though. But anyway, what, what, what, what's public figures death affected you the most in other words, like, brought you to tears, maybe? Now, when JFK died that brought me to tears, but I didn't vote for him. I voted for Harry Kerry. Did I cry when Harry Kerry died? No, no. I said to him, don't you have died. I'm not going to put that in here because nobody in the sod and so is who that is. All right. Thank you, by the way, whoever, effectively, here's that letter I was talking about from Dolores Tesla in Bointon Beach in the hardest morning. What did he hear this? The headings says, water saving toilet, question mark. What genius came up with the water saving toilet? The average bowl takes two or three flushes to clear and then almost have a boardwash handy to finish the job. In 50 years of marriage, three kids in ten households, they never had a problem until his ingenious invention signed to Loris Tesla in Bointon Beach. Whether that one is full of crap. Do you have one? No, a water saving toilet. No, I'll, I will pay to this. I do have one toilet that requires if you have like floaters, not in your eyes, but in your bowl. My toilet, the one in my bathroom, that requires like sometimes a couple of flushes. Sometimes I flush more than once. The other, the another bathroom, it's a little more suction. Now they, they do have, I know that sounds like very non-cuz medic, but they do have for household use now. They'd like the toilets we have here where they fill with those. No, no, but they haven't like that look better. They don't look like they belong in some kind of like airport bathroom or something. They work. And they don't waste all that water, right? Because it doesn't have to refill it. It doesn't work that way. It doesn't have a tank. It uses high pressure. Well, whatever it uses, right out of the way. Right? Yeah, right out of the ground. Here's what it says. You've got to hear your sea. How about you, Morris? I've been to people who are hosts in Jerry. What do you think? Yeah, you will. Well, I mean, okay. And I don't know. I'm just getting tired of adding more than the list because Eric is taking it. I've also put on Jim Morris and I'm there. Okay, Eric. You're not doing anything anyway. All the time that you spend put more stuff on there is less time eating. Now, what do you laugh about it? But it's too. I want to save his life. He's the great Eric is the best. Our website is Spectacular. It's one of the best in the world. He does this to pennies job for us. Making about six bucks a week doing it. I'm sure you can type with one hand. Again, a great line. But, well, seriously, lose some weight. Come on. I'm doing it today. And by the way, this is good stuff. This is a card. What is it? Champion light, which is like getting right without the sugar. I'm not saying it's delicious or like fruit punch, right? It's okay. It's pretty good. It's got zero or everything. So, thanks a lot there. I'll feed you all any whatever your name is. Bob, wait for your Buffalo Bob's real name. Do you know what his real name is? Absolutely. You will. You better strap yourself in and put in Jewish, probably. No. He wasn't Jewish. Everybody is Jewish. The pulp is Jewish. Billy Graham is Jewish. Was a beanie, doesn't he? Yeah. Buffalo Bob Smith born Richard Schmetz. Was his real name. How you like that? He knew he's Schmidt. Born of ever 27, 1917 in Buffalo, New York, which I didn't know that, but he's probably what they call the Buffalo Bob. Where you go with that? They didn't call him like you, the Cabob. Date of depth, July 30, 1919, in Hendersonville, North Carolina, Kansas, where he lived to 81, not too bad. Buffalo Bob Smith, sometimes credit his Robert E. Smith. It's how he do the time, it's how he do the time. And also dead, as you said, but we're not putting them on list because it's ridiculous. Ah, Hugh Brandham. Better known as Mr. Green jeans and Captain Kangaroo. Mr. Green jeans. He died. He died when he died. April 19, 1987, 14 years ago. And it kind of, I just looked at one and there on us, and just looked right on through. So a lot of dead people, we're going to name them all here today. Here's Miami, hello. Miami? Yes sir. Hello, Neil. It's okay. You know what happened? He heard this one, but I thought you'd hear it. Making mangle. How much did that before? You mentioned it. I don't think he had too many sympathy votes now after the way he did it around for that delivery. Yeah, but you know those are the old days where people play where you really really really really. Right, that's right. But they stayed on the same team for more than five minutes and they weren't making 80 trillion dollars. You're right. You know, that's true. And also Michael Landon, by the way, I looked it up for you. Eugene. Oh, what is the name was Oralwood? Oh, it's yeah. Yeah, something to you. Thanks a lot. Okay, thank you. How much he was Jewish? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. This is the second one for all these sports. It's all going on the tour that I was the first one to predict that five years ago. I tell you, maybe more than that. I told you, escalating salaries out of control. Owners who just won't put their feet down and say, no. All these owners demanding more and more millions and millions from the public for stadiums and arenas for more sky boxes and millions and women and ticket prices just out of, just up for the sky. They have outright that public and they've pissed off the public. So, way to think the new format will be the other 20 hours. another sports is basically dead and also the XFL out through themselves because the NCAA's are on XFL last night's the most waiting in the history of any sports even the hockey game and lowest ever. Nice gone there XFL. So we can also I guess we can put them in a column of bed also. Now Diana's bogus to just keep that in mind about this video what's on the list. Princess Diana's got 30 John or 33 John Lner with 30 John F Kennedy 27 JFK Junior 23. They learn her 18. They learn how probably have more but you know, pissed those people off. Still Hartman 13 Harry Kerry and John Blue Sheet have seven. Jim Henson has six Martin Luther King with six. Martin Luther King has only got six. Where's all our brothers and sisters out there? Other busy women neighborhood just forgot. Buffalo Bob Smith with six. He's moving on up there to the east side. You'll see John Wayne with five Franks and after all this. How do you like that Mr. Naysayer. John Wayne, Franks and after Elvis Presley five a piece. So he's tied with two pretty damn big names. You blew up baby. It's out at the bottom. Well I mean it's not a lot. That's what he'd be one of the bottom three. No, he's not a bottom that's Ricky Martin. During our C and Bobby Kennedy Chaffer Kurt Cobain just got on there. He's already got three. I told you belonged on there. Charles Schultz, Michael and Joe to measure which have a pair of Maryland when Rose got one. Jackie. He told his sheet on prolonged on the list. Who was that that sucked me into doing that early in the show Jackie freaking. Oh, I'm all right. Some put some RT-Farty Faggot. Probably wanted Jackie. Yeah. There's another one on the glide. Oh, she was. I mean. And I helped him say there was very nice. Yeah, she talked like a retard. But she knew friends. Probably who was the money. That was, you know, probably who. She was a who. Yeah, she was a she was an absolute hunter. No question about it. She would they dignified her. Like I said, those people they did it like a, you know, with dignity, the Kennedy's the whole plan. Because she got more money. Just like the guy that's Skakele guy that offered a little girl. They did it with dignity. And then again, the rapist up there. And I want to make a look at that here. I didn't finish the list here. Dan, I re-footed. I get those back, my son, ladies. Jackie and also guess what is done. Oh, Jim Morrison's got one. He just got on there. Rock Hudson has. I bet your door is day was listening to the show on the internet. She probably vote for rock. How about if we just put the rock on that might do it? Here's a call from broker. Hello. I need a house going pretty good. Yeah, this show is probably one of the best shows I've heard in the long time. There you go. It's great. While this town likes dead people, you know, there's a lot of that going around here. That's true. Listen, George might be able to relate to this. This might be stretching it a bit. But two icons of the late 60s and early 1970s, Jimmy Hendrix and Bruce Lee affected a lot of people. Yeah, Bruce Lee. Somebody mentioned Bruce Lee. I mean, why do I come on the list? No, of course not. Bruce Lee. Well, the thing is is Sun died about, you know, the same right? Just wanted to move these in. Right. We got to have a two for them both. Come for man. He invented that. He created the whole idea. And they screwed up. How about the old guy that was on there with the pimply face. He wrote Ralph Machio. What was named it those movies, Marida? The Papoli. The world's name of those movies. The karate kid. Yeah, what about him? Oh, I know. He's probably dead. No, he's not dead. No. How about Ralph Machio's a zits. They probably dead right now when you think we go and sit here. They made it. Who's that? Ralph Machio. I think I married weighs like 10 years old. Seriously, when he was in those movies, he was already married and had like six kids. He was like 14. He was an early bloomer. Here's a mobile area where a rumor blomer is mobile or a four-laterdale. Hello. Mobile and four-laterdale. Oh, please don't tell me either. Gone because if they're gone, that means they're good because I got into the break now anyway. I must be by lucky day. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. Pat Marida still alive. Yeah. I know. I heard you look with Obi-Wan Kenobi as well. I heard you ever seen the two of him together? He's that. Is he really? Obi-Wan? Oh, how about the Mark Hamill? He's still alive, but boy, he sure came close. He's gorgeous. He was a scarf. I'm probably and like a skirt too, I imagine. Little pansy. But anyway, he's got a new face though now. Remember, Papa's got a brand new bag. Mark's got a brand new twist. He's the old one was better and a face too. A bride. It's the one to two hours. Never watched his hair or she'd have a cat, Kobe. His name was Kirk. Now he's pushing up their Kobe. Why have been rule from his chin? Do in heroin, Kobe. No matter what time and now it's Kirk they ain't got Kobe. He got high, except goodbye, then he died. Kobe. Made a million and an hour never took a shower, Kobe. He's a number one hit and haven't big much hit. Kobe. He only held his chin and shake runs with my thing. Kobe. Alright, so with your pills without don't take Kirk's way out, Kobe. He got high, sick, big, big, big, big, big, big. Oh, Kobe. Why don't you say five, six, you double your QAM? He's going. Yeah. So he's moving up already. We were right up on the east side to be up there with George Jefferson pretty soon. What else is named George Jefferson? Sherman, Sherman, Sherman, Hemsley. Thanks, Sherman, thanks. Kirk Kobe and his nine votes already. He just got it. It was like two seconds ago. So I told you you should have been on it. Nine, nine. He was a drug addict. He was a bad person. He was a bad role model. We're not asking about role models. We have a lot of drug addicts up there in this audience. Even the drug addicts have to have a role model. That's why George was a show sometime. Even the people we asked have to have a role model. Right, right? Five, six, seven, five, six, six. You know, I was showing somebody over the weekend that I'm telling you, everybody who seems that just instant ping in their pants. I mean, that looked white as well. If you could package that in cellar baby, you could be tear tomorrow worth a billion dollars. That look of disgust and in credulity on white lottery else, push. He's talking about eating ass. And of course, he tries to cover it up. Uh-huh. That car side, but she tries to go. Uh-huh. And he looks like he looks like he did just cut it off. That's what I'm looking at his face with a hatchet. Here's lady in Pepper Pine, so. Yeah, sir. I know. I might have one more person for your list. Okay. My husband and my personal, all-time people was worried over. And the possibility. Yeah, he was, I mean, he was great. I guess in the 60s and stuff. And then later on, he kind of made it come back. And then he had a, I think he had a heart attack. And so, all the more we're headed to our committee. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Bye. You want to know how he decode the honor, but you know, I won't put him on there. Because we have a group of four overs and fetishes down there. He'll have an expensive day in a pale-reventy significance. So unfortunately, I mean, I'm sure he could do very, very well, but so well that it would really like a skill. Oh, you got to make sense going to our consumers. Yeah. I'd to cover up our drugs we're doing here today. Isn't even a corporate in the building. How's my, how's my tragic, uh, PD doing in there? How's he doing there? Just woke up on going to be doing that song. Muff the tragic. So anyway, it's, uh, five minutes. He's okay. He's a good guy. He means well. He's harmless. And I'm not going to discover what he kind of does. He only does he, he like goes out in the hallway. He looks around kind of like a fireman, you know, in many ways. And he likes put, he likes to put out little fires. You know, he experiences little fires. He's been over here. Scored score. He puts it out. There's a little fire over there. Scored score. Oh, it's a fight, Greg. Scored score. It puts it out. Put that little fires. He's like a human fire extinguisher. Muff. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, no, how you doing? Pretty good. Two new names for your lives. Okay. George Wallace and Bear Bride. Not right. Hi. Hey. I'm right. And Chris takes pretty hot to me. Okay. To, Christie, Brentley. David, Brentley. How about David, Brentley? Oh, he's still on. How much are you? Okay. I'm a Douglas Edwards. How about John Chancellor? Is he dead? We can't, I can't get the answer to that. John Chancellor and Vc. No, John Cameron's ways. He must be dead. He's definitely dead. Right? How about Ben Grower? We should have a special lady just for poker Brian for the game showed that people. I bet you don't think that you don't think he'll go on his favor. John Charles daily is probably in the running. Bob, that should go if he killed gallons right up there with Jack Ruby. How about interview come out, do I think? Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. This is a, this is a hoot. It's a hoot in the two. And I bet you would get like 50,000 of votes on this by tomorrow. If you watch, here's some of you. Real one. Just a lady in plantation. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. How are you doing? How are you doing? How are you doing? How are you doing? I'm a little disappointed that people think celebrities and singers. Although we miss them and they, you know, they entertain us. I have really made that much of a effect in our lives. I did ask them the questions so you can play me for that, but I do. No, there is one thing I've played for, but I'll tell you a little later, if you can get mad at me. But I just have the people out there to know. I don't remember JFK, but I do read a lot. And if JFK hadn't died and if Bob he hadn't died. And again, if country, I don't think we wouldn't have gotten Nixon. We wouldn't have had watergate. We probably would have had run over a great, certainly wouldn't have had forward. And I just thought that affected our lives. That's why we, I don't think the right wing, the religious right would have a hold on this country. If those people hadn't died. But what I'm disappointed about with you is that you put curf called in on there, but the woman who said they're good martial, I mean he's one of the finest people that ever walked there. If he was on the Supreme Court now, it wouldn't be like it was. You know, during that last episode. I don't disagree with her. I mean he was a great man and he's still trying to take a bite. But he wouldn't have gotten five votes. Right. And I'll hear what I mean. I cried when he died. And I want to tell you something, I thought John Schneider and person. Yeah. I never thought he was good looking. You know, maybe we have different tastes. In person, you know, sometimes you see somebody say, oh God, they must have a lot to make about that. Yeah. He is a hundred times better looking in person than I'm taking. Oh my God. So you think he's good looking. Oh my, he has still blue eyes. I have some blue eyes. Oh, how long was this that you saw him? It was about ten years. But his complexion and he's got he's just he's a presence. Yeah. I worked for an airline. What were the bolonum? Huh? I said put a bolonum. Yeah. I'm a blonde and I never went for blondes. But he was, I'll tell you when I saw him. He was, he's very good looking. Okay. But anyway, Kirk Tobaine's okay. But those other people really made a difference in our lives more. How about Penny Marshall? Penny Marshall? Have a great day. So yeah. Bye. It was, it was just a joke. Just a joke, little joke. What was that show? The Vernon's squirming? What was that awful? The interesting thing they did in the beginning about there with the song. Shalamil. Shalamil is a lot more. Oh my God. See, see, one thing about those people in New York, they don't realize that most of the country is going. Okay. So all of the New York East up don't be talking to you. It's never this year. We're talking about this year. Is there a walkie anyway? I don't know. But I mean, shalamil and shalamas will come on. Penny Marshall. Oh. Oh. I'm going to say, how about you, partial? Don't baby, complain with these titties. On 16 at five, 60, WQAM. Here's the fact that I just unload the compute on this from Lee and for Myers toest, so it's verification done at Bob's. I was just there two weeks ago. The one that closed yesterday is the restaurant on Monterele Waffin, who that was a satellite, satellite of the one at the lake. It is not done to original or the one at C. Breeze. They're both still open. How about that hot sauce? Has anyone suggested the shuttle astronauts for you? They're still they have but you know they're not celebrities. Like they were said until after the I think blew up. But anyway I don't know how how can you say the one on a maneuvering was only a satellite? I do understand the one at C. Breeze was maybe the first one and maybe the most popular. But the one on a maneuvering was like the headquarters of my life. That was it right there. Just blocks away from where we lived on a greener road. For whatever it all I was. Right there by the corner of a Monroe and wouldn't have been watching Brighton. Anybody out there know about Brighton? New York? No. No. What do I'll do people know? Too many people from New York City. New York City ain't nothing. Well used to be once upon a time. Used to be great. Now they got Rudy Julian and now they got the goddamn English stopper in there and they got all those Puerto Ricans messing up central park again. Yeah MSNBC yesterday they were showing like surveillance videos of robberies in 7-11 and all that stuff. And then they showed the videos that people took with the mosaic and everything on the jack morsale. You know the checker board thing so you don't actually get jack morsale. I've not done Jewish harness driver. What is it? When they don't actually show you the dirty parts. Yeah. Now they really didn't need any because there were so many people watching and grabbing. They didn't need any of that. They need to cover anything up. But it was a pretty disgusting was a bunch of animals in Barbarians their central park and believe me. I don't want to sit. Okay let's go to a mobile and Melbourne. Hello. Hey no how you doing? Are you sure? What about some like you have a tag of this toe when you do Bob Hope? Bob Hope. He's not dead. I will. He could be. He's he's he's bubbling out of reason the top five in the bubbling under the. Yes sir my boat goes for highly a park. Okay good one. How about then cross me what are you saying? No. Come on. Big cross me. Could he sing? No. Could he act? No. Was he funny? Oh. Need a lot of money. Yeah just sit back drink it some juice. You're so rude. That's not a thing to have the pot. I've been dead long time. I'm looking at the pot of water. He's a good friend. Bob Hope, a person who he loves. They've got the pot in the graveyard you know and all the crispest is a fight. Oh hey it's my old friend Samadavis Jr. Hey Samadavis. We're all we're looking at the time. You know most my kids committed suicide because they said it was abusive father. Well I'm glad they're all up in now because it's weapon time. Yet remember about. Oh would you like to swing on a star? Be chicken heads with a crowbar. Oh god go got a tea time in 20 minutes. Oh. Can we apologize for the back quality that bitten our DCST but whoever we've done that had the pot opens or like head back and with some sort of light real tinny like it's kind of too a goddamn maybe like an orange juice can something like that. Because we don't want those technical sort of like that one spot that we're playing 80 times today here in a station that's got all the puking and popping and all those bits in there. Wow pretty embarrassing like a real radio station. Thank god we're working here. West Palm Beach hello. You know yes. How you doing? All right. I can be kind of at two. One of them was on the front page as a Palm Beach post today. Really? Yes and that and there's a big story about him in second page. On the front page of the Palm Beach post give me a clue. His name is John Phillips to the Mama's and Papa. No no we are. No I know that. It's girlfriend. Okay thank you. So that was the inspiration to go home show today that's why he's done it but he ain't on the list and he ain't on the list. Hey everybody crying say we're a Papa now first of you was a one town of the drug addict and had somebody else's liver that he stuck a lot in nine years right. And why is that music so much? He wants to mess the beginning of the show. Sure I got my thumb right on it baby. We started out with Monday Monday which I thought was very appropriate. Oh you bet. What is this man talking about? Like I need to start it. So everybody thinks I need instructions which is fine. That's okay. Everybody's a program director. Everybody's an expert. Everybody's a poor take care of everybody knows their pool. Papa no big chillout. I left to take your poll on Colmyo and Hank called me to read this while he's gone about gambling. I've not permitted myself to even taste certain prices knowing that I can never become addicted to something if this black queen. Okay great. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Yeah and that's what Martin said in this. Yes sir. Bob Molly? Yeah. Okay. A lot of people cried or he died. He died. He died. Okay thank you. We're going to be auctioning off some rocks to lock from Bob Molly at the end of the show today. So we're lying up out here in the corner. We also got some good weed that they could teach in. Exactly. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh yes sir. Neal I got one. I can't believe no one was right up the same. Okay. I actually cried a tear. He was big. Myor landscape. No. He was very used for Jackie Gleason. John Candy. Yeah. He was good. He was good. Yeah. I missed him a little bit. He made some really good movies. Oh you don't look good. Good people are the fat people and the fat people are the dead people. Okay thanks a lot. I got a good vote. Okay. What do you say John Candy? No. No. Well we can't put every dead. I mean he was good by like John Candy. He was very funny guy. We could have a fat comedian list. Yeah I mean that's it. Too many fat people. I think I have it says I should put mama cast on her. She took that a goddamn cheeseburger with on and Bob's what I'm sure Candy Chris Farley could put Jackie Gleason on. Yeah Chris Farley. I mean how bad can you feel about that? He was a young guy but he was just enormous like uh what's the other one on there? John Goodman of way 600 pounds and he all these people. You know what's what is it? We're too fat. And I keep telling you people about that and of course I talk of good game and I'm not doing anything about it. Yeah but starting today, have it I've been on good behavior today and then when they put on those homotaurian George thought oh here we go. No chance. All they're starting to drill again. I can you feel it? Kilo's vibrations down there again. Don't start with us today. We're having a really good day especially for a Monday. Don't start looking with us okay? Start to drill on a tube because the man is over at chulis. See this man makes sense to you. We got three hours there between two and six that there's nobody doing live stuff out here except during the updates which is only a couple minutes out of the hour. Or man is just on. That's when you get your drill in your hammer and you start banging and it cannot get into an all-as-crap. There are a lot of things that would make sense here. If you were real radio station like we said before you said Bob Ramuch said this morning if this were real company way yeah we'd have had the rock change a long time ago. The things go very slowly here and be the way that's what Bob Ramuch said. Even asshole. Mobile and Hollywood with a question mark. Hello. Hi. I got a couple of people to add to the live. Okay. Paul and Jim neighbors. Yeah. Those two and you know what I was thinking Bruce Lee and Brandon Lee. I'd like to add off for those. Brandon Lee, yeah. Brandon Lee. I don't hear me. Did you like him? No. Did you hear me? No. Who is Brandon Lee? Lee's son. Oh yeah. I know who that is. He got killed in that movie when they were saying well I think well you don't monkey see monkey do that's why I was said. Narodic repetition. And you know what? He's going. Yeah. 5607.560 why are so many people saying Bruce Lee even you two that I mean the beginning of the show what was it. Yeah. I was just a little kid. But I was going to affect you. It didn't affect me. Most of the people in the list I had no bearing on that. But why are all of anybody you could think of why would that affect you? Why would I have any impact? I knew that Bruce Lee and this kid both died the dude with their karate movie. We were trying to hear of a genre that I enjoy very much to this day. The martial arts movie. Well what about Ralph Machio? Even if he is his dead head. 5607.560. 560. 560. 560. And the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I'll give you the update in a second here. It's getting pretty pretty tense. Mobile and plantation. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How about uh... Fusher Q. Yeah. How about him? Is he great? He's a dead. I tried to hear when he died. Did you really? Yeah. I said the T.I.M. Bill he would die. And then I thought when I started Leafsplay Saturday I said several tears. I was crying for hours. I don't know anybody that had to put down a golden retriever too. Yeah. Yeah. Greatest dogs in the world. Who I have one. You're like well you know something that's going to probably happen the next time. I don't know you're so for me and I'm not looking forward to it. Yeah so we're going to the first time I'm ever going to have to do it. It's not going to be a pleasant tour. Yeah. I've got two. I just got another one because they were so fast. They are the best. You're the best deal. Okay man thanks. Yeah I guess I'm left to have my mother take care of that tour or my golden retriever has been going to go to that big dog pound in the sky. I won't be able to do it. Couldn't do it. Well she's got experience you know because she had her dog put away. Was it your dog? No well now it's her dog. See history is at times time. The passage of time it's just amazing how people change their tune you know. Yeah my dog became her dog and the story about how it picked up some poison in the backyard and was forming at the mouth and the vet could do it. It turned into a while she just got tired of it and was a real nuisance and she had to put this leap. This was the dog that was 10 years older than the time that could have either lived like 15, 18, 20, but she decided. So she had her dog put this leap. So she's the voice of experience just like she decided that my calendar there on the wall of the twins. That was that was bad then but was like last year's calendar. Narodic repetition interfere interfere interfere continue if she's on the enter and benefit interfere on. Yeah. My junior hot age. I'm the father's telly and I'm dead. Not some kind of doctor damage but if you don't want to be dead then you don't smoke. I've got to protect your size you'll never die. That's where I come in. Tamiff with my new chain of exercise facility. That call the yeast tip. Oh by the way. Tell Shattner's lab says thanks for the dive and listen. But now reminds me one other thing. Whenever he's ditch him we feature an Olympic size pool in the yeast tip. That's where he provided a firm hand on your head to test your underwater breathing skills. You don't want to wind up looking like Nemoy. That point hit air. Jew, fame yourself right in. Do the he's ditch him. Okay. Damish. One, twenty two, five, sixty. You're done. W to Q, A, M five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. You got a trillion votes on here. Princess Diana's got 56. Which public figures does affected you the most? Keep that in mind keep those words in raising them by a while. Whatever. In front of your posts. She understands this. Effective you the most Princess Diana 57 which she are probably two thirds of my bogus or more John Lennon 53. Jeff K. Junior 44. They learn how 43. Jeff K 41. Phil Harman 26. Kurt Cobain 15. Martin Luther King 14. John Malushi 13. Harry Kerry 11. It's me Chanter. Jim Henson with nine Buffalo Bobovate Elvis Presley with eight. Bob of Kim V and Jerry Garcia with six John Wayne thanks and officer still stuck there five. Jim Morrison with four. Michael A and the Charles Schultz Marilyn Monroe with three. Don't imagine with two rock huts and he's got a vote now and Jackie. He's got none. Zero the big goal. She ain't gotten none. Here's a mobile an Evan chair. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Great one for you. Okay. Waters people are bringing up great brain dead people. How about Trump? It's 30. Okay great and get you a new phone. We'll give you in between now and when they put strumming the box to get you a new phone sir. 560505060 sounded like the popcorn kettle black to me. Pond 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless on the last guy that was just now with the bad cell phone. Right. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. This is Raywood Miami. Yes Ray. How you doing? Great. What about sermon monthson? Yeah. Plane crash. Yeah. What about a hem on your list? He affected a lot of people. Yeah. Effected me when I was a kid. Yeah. Absolutely. Even more than baby Ruth while I was before you were born. There were a month and great guy. Do you ever have a baby Ruth? Pretty good. Oh yeah. It's great. What about the golf that just died in the plane crash? Yeah. What about pain stored? Yeah. Pain's still is a pain. Yeah. You wait play. Yeah. What is a great golfer but I mean what does that mean? It was a good guy. He was a good man. Okay thanks. What do you say? No. No. You never sold a freight train. Turned fly that plane to a street but he never sold a freight train. Which fun to that. Johnny is guy. Yeah. You're going to make me say that stupid. I'm going to make you do anything. Oh well I don't think you should. Well we're now. Yeah. I just want Peter Alistair to know that. All of that. So man I can go with all the money. Come to me. We are 22. There you go. We have a lot. He's done. Yeah. He's been playing guy kind of like the law stopped there. He's been spitting around all over the map. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. And the only two years old couple great deaths to come to my look at the Dr. Laney. I gave a lucky. That was good. I liked that. That was excellent. Come again. Anytime you want to. I'm not a fool anymore. But that one is a good one. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and how they leave at Virginia for Kreno Lot. What are we going to do about his baddining business to tackle his it's it's it. Yeah. Until this day I never knew it was by the New York along. And how about Clemenza and Tessio. He's still alive and he fish. Yeah. He's still alive. But Clemenza. He died. Yeah. Because he got that because that well. That certainly didn't help. But certainly hastened his demise. Look at a wine stand Churchill. He died too. All that booze those big fat cigars. He only lived to be about 125. One sign Churchill. Here's what's Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Yes. George Burns. Got to add that one. George Burns. Yeah. Yeah. Mix the guard. My god. I'd rather get you out. Yeah. But he was like 100 years old for Kreno. I was a guy. You can't get you. No. You can go out of wood. I'm a lot. Right. Okay. All right. Okay. Thank you. What do you say? George Burns? No. Gracie Allen. No. Why? Why? How about Edwin? No. You even know who that is. You know? What's the thing? Yeah. He was funny. I tell you we would know you're really getting over when Keenan women's like 100 years old his son. You're right. I mean that's bad. That's really bad. When the great great grandchildren of the bar players that you grew up playing and when I start playing ball and they're like 25 years old, then you start saying, God, I'm getting really old. What? That's not my ninth. And pretty soon they'll say he'd die. Yeah. Here's a lady mobile across Springs. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. What about Lucille Ball? Yeah. She really should have been on there. Yeah. I think she was great. I was very infected by her death. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Yeah. Put her on there. We still got time. I'll leave this on there overnight. Put her on there please. Pretty pleased. Okay. I mean, what's that? Put her on there, Dennis. Yeah. I love Lucille. And of course really if we put her on there probably does he or an S belongs on there because he was the one really behind the show. He was the brain to be behind it. But people didn't relate to him the same way they were really to her. No, they loved her. She's been funny. They loved her. He was like, you know, Mr. Buscoofy. Yeah. Right. Babalu. He sure could sing, okay. No. Babalu. They worked well together. But Babalu? No. No. No. Babalu. No. Babalu. No. Babalu. No. Babalu. No. Babalu. No. No. Dad. Oh. Babalu. No. What was his nickname on? Oh, Christ. It was on WABC and I was glory days. Now he did is when we had real radio real personalities with cousin Brucey and Dan Ingram and those guys. Those Glenn. Bab. He had a name. Well, somebody will know one of our many New Yorkers out there over First Memory. 22 before it. 25 60. I guess it was Babalu. That's figure to me. Agriculture department scientists say they have made a major strike toward developing an allergy free rubber. No. That's some praddles up big. In 60 seconds. What? Hey, you got a new one on the sausage factory. How do we get in? The way for Tony's water here to blow an animal chain to life. Baby being leaving. Francis, baby. Baby. And then, Grows me leaving. Why? You giant ass. Got the water. They go out. Lift the question mate. Oh, no. Call it off. Oh, come on. There's a whole guy clean in Tony's pool. Psychos win. No, it's real mates in alcohol. It got some clothes on life. Your voices are covered with urine. Oh, I. That was on too. Tony's mother has a gigantic head. Wow, wow, wow, wow. Oh, she's dead. Oh, Tony's upset. Why, you tried to kill her. Oh, nothing like that. You were the. Oh, I get it. I'm black and Jewish. You're a joke. You're a joke. Something you don't know. And a triple. Holy. Bow. No, blabbering time. Oh, my God. It's jam. Can boys and the salvage of sexy houses? Everyone say something nice about your bed mother. It's a. It's a. It's a. I love dad. Oh, I'm jealous. Well, the prairie is update in 60 seconds. What? 143 at five 60. WCM. Somebody faces me. Lee J. Cobb, who is certainly one of my old time favorite actors. But, you know, why are they doing that? I mean, I like Lee J. Cobb, but did it affect my life? Did it. No, she died. He's dead. Just the way it is. He died. Yeah, going around. Here's Martian Martian. Coral Springs. What about chronic patches? But we still love your Martian. She says don't scream to me that I'm in a lousy mood. What do you allow the mood for? Martian, how to be in a great mood? I am. Yeah, life is sweet. Do you need a growing up watching Superman on TV? I'm remembering quite upset when I heard the George Reeves died jumping out the window. No, how about secretary it? PSI wonder how your current survey would come out compared to people who are still alive, but would affect your life if they soon died. This would be a dead versus alive survey, which one might have more impact. I don't know. Whatever you say, Martian, feel better. She'll up. What's she meant by that? Dead versus a lot. How about I still think one, who you like to see dead, who would make you very happy? Look, the effect your life in a closet of the way. Don't you sure that there are some? Yeah, I don't want to start marching in games because that's cool to do that, but great age you. Yeah, their names are coming to mind. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, how you doing? Okay. You know, one that might not have a whole lot of impact on a large level, but I remember growing up with a brutal planning what he does. Yeah, somebody mentioned that earlier, yeah. Okay. Also a reanky fan, Simon Martin. Uh, somebody just mentioned that too. Thank you. Okay, if there are many lots of a regular remedy, what do you smell? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Did anybody call about John Chancellor as he did a real life? Nope. No. John Cameron Swazie's got to be dead. He's been dead. I'm sure for years. But he takes a looking still. Keep son ticking though. Well, I'm here. Just kind of like good right, Latterville. Here's plantation. Hello. Me and I. He's doing pretty good. Good. Listen, I like it. Just squirt away. I'm a son and Bob's thing. Yeah. There's a dog's original. I'm a corner of West ball road in Monroe Avenue. That is linked to the one that's down on the left at the lake. Uh-huh. The one, the dog and Bob's that is up by bright high in the middle school around that. That was Bob by Wendy's and they've been losing money for the last three or four years. Yeah, because he got it. He killed it. They destroyed it. He went off. I got up there. Wednesday night eight there. The place was a peak side was filthy. Eight twice more dogs original and then is the original and that's where you got to go. Isn't that a shame? It is. But I went to know it doesn't go on. I mean that's like a stopping point. I went to school right there right next door right now. Right now. I went to I went to offering those places. Really? Yes. Huh. Graduating 72. Is the 12 corner shopping center still there? Yeah. A lot of the stores have changed, but everything is still there. I bet your rose drugs is still there. Rose drugs is not still there anymore. Oh no. I mean, they could join us there. What is it? Something. How about could that cleaners? Could that cleaners? I just think we can do some research. Should you just do that though? Oh, that's good. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Yeah, let's go back to Rochester. What are you saying? Oh, thank you back. It's all gone. All the good stuff is gone. All the rest of those two are dons of original. That's good. But it's just like a real White House with a real hot sauce and a real ground rounds and probably that frozen chocolate on them and custard. Oh, frozen custard. Anybody know what the hell I like is? No. Million times better than ice cream. It's like soft and mushy and like mmm. Just to go into a dive better come a thinking about it. Am I going to eat any? No. I'm just going to think about it. I'm sorry. I'm just thinking about the stuff that's calorie free. Cover high grade free. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Somebody who's knocking on the door magic jot from he infected a lot of people. How about that? Did he? Yeah, he infected. Okay. Fine. Here's still live. He seems to be doing pretty good. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, I only 18. What? God, God is not letting him die. What does that what did he say? Yeah. Oh, God. Let's go see what the Michigan State. Here's for a lot of days. Oh, yes. How about putting me left some biofreeze on a phone now? Yeah. Okay. What were you saying, Sunny? Do what? Sunny, bono was something on a bono. Okay. Whatever you say, sir. Share and share alike. 560, they run an automatic here. Which is good because this is getting a little pond risk, but it was a good way to kill a Monday. Okay. That's great. Sensational. It's fun thinking about dead people that you like that affected you in a positive way. You know, Heinrich Himmer, people like that. George Wallace, which we actually got a mention that I bear blind. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. It's Monday madness tonight. Every Monday at Pompano Park and at a 64-Dynamic restaurant. Every Monday at 2 for $22 full-course dinners. Every Wednesday night is dollar night. We'll draft beer, $1000 and so does only a bucket piece. And actually, of course, at Pompano every day, seven days a week with time of casting and starting a new ending all the way toward midnight. And live racing tonight and four nights a week. Monday went the fight in Saturday. And let me just mention to you. It looks like tonight's the big night for Kevin Wallace. Kevin is approaching his 6,000 career driving victory because he had two more I see on Saturday. So we believe his two short and could achieve his 6,000 career victory tonight at Pompano Park. The amazing, the one and only Kevin Wallace who has got. Make no mistake about that. Who told you that years ago? Oh God. I did. Nice going Kevin. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Yes. Comedy jam records brings the best. A deaf comedy jam to video. It's 6 hours of undeciferable comedy on three video tapes. You'll get classic comedy light. So this muffa comes out to me and says, What the fuck is that muffa? It's not shown the muffa door busted out. I'll over them all. But. And I tell the business stop a muffa. Yeah, but I'll take them all. Oh, holy shove it up a muffa. And you'll also get the classic sucks my damn. Look at this muffa. It's show me the bill. Tell them like, fuck my god. Jeff Tommy Jam amongst plenty of other videos collection. Jeff Tommy Jam for NF is an adjective. 153 at 560 got more bad news. What is this is really bad? Terrible. I'm like the diamond bobs on Monday, I haven't owned my old elementary school die. But can win. Did you die? Tied. Long time ago, 15 years ago. I wonder if I haven't seen him around lately, you know? Hey, Ken, how are you doing? Or is he? Anybody seen him lately? No, no, because he died. He died. Got a cancer October 14, 1986, can win. So like I said, when the children and grandchildren of all these old ages were getting old, and solvers do it. All the younger person suffers out there while I can tell you isn't your wife can because once you get old, it starts happening real fast. I remember in a hybrid years ago, yeah, good. Nobody cares. Here's for a modern day, hello. Hey, hey, hey, hey. OK, hold. I wanted to say, I'm going to ask you as Michael Cole-Leon said, I'm going to answer all your questions. John Chan thought it was definitely dead. OK. The bottle-loose real name was Bob Lewis. Right. And Scott knew he was leading. Pune, Pune Scott knew me. And yeah, but the interesting thing was his competition, whom he absolutely killed and drove out of New York City. I was a teenager at the time, was none other than Alex Bennett. Really? Yep. He did the night show after Barry Gray. He died. I was sitting. I was sitting. I was on the air. On the air he died. He died in New York. And he died. San Francisco, he died. I was at Miami and I would be here. He went to the same thing. Yeah. Yeah, unfortunately, I moved to San Francisco. We'll come up a morning and then, oh, I've chained him around the dial and then it's Alex Bennett. He was talking to you all the way to the sky. He was a real sour piece of crap. He went to the shoe. Mm-hm. All right. Well, I just figured out I would answer some of those things. Thanks for the good news, thank you. See, I'm Boba Lo, he's still dead. Here's good. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, I think the biggest death this year that affected me the most was the fan. Okay. Probably probably this guy used to work there. He collected his money in. No, no. Or it works here. The death of the fan. Oh, yeah, that's right. Probably one of our people here. That's true. Well, they listened to me. I was in the show. No. Oh, wait. This is the least. This is, yeah, that was the role me. I forgot about that role me. Hey, role me. How you be doing, role me? Huh? Can you roll kid playing video? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Speaking of hot dogs and New York. You're the no-faced called hides in Liverpool. I've heard of it. Supposedly world famous. I just wanted to ask. It was real famous. It is real famous in fact. Hi, they sell their bread of hot dogs in the supermarket. Do they? Yeah. I'm going up to visit some family and I heard about it. I just thought you might have an opinion on it. I hear it's sensational. All right, thanks, boss. OK, I have a couple of meetings for me. Yeah. OK, I'm sure you will. 560, 560, 560. We're going to do a show on hot dogs and sausages, weeners, stuff like that. Huh? In preparation for my trip. Get some pointers. Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello. Hey, Neil. What about, uh, God by the name of Jesse Owens? Yeah. Have you spoken about him yet? No. He's in the bed. Like, like, 7,000 years. I know, but just for the fact that he's a guy that stood up to eight all year long. Right. But that was 1936, that 65 years ago. Well, I just thought he made an impact on a lot of people. Yeah, but they have a very problem is they're all dead. That's quite true, but I'm not dead. OK. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Bye. See, there you go. He's just like a Dan Corleon. Still alive. That's right. We're still alive. Jesse Owens. Come on. Jesse Jackson. No. Well, that's right. He's a lady. Here's a lady, mobile in the Hollywood. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. How many did you have said, Munster? I know he wasn't. I just thought he was really funny. Fred Munster, yeah. What would you think? Thurmin' Gwen. They're Harman Gwen. Fred Gwen. Fred Gwen. Harman Gwen. Harman Harman Harman Harman Harman Harman. But when my Harman Gwen, Fred Munster, was a Fred Gwen and Harman Munster. Whatever. OK. And I like that Munster cheese too. Ain't too bad. Hey, yeah. OK. OK. And then, of course, there was always Bobby Borys pick it on the monster mash. Don't forget about that. I was sure. We got that back here somewhere. We're going to play it? No. Now, let's do that music thing again. What do you say? Let's see this for a Monday. I think Mondays, we need to like, get to lighten up for people a little bit, huh? Because Mondays, depressing, the weather rain and pouring, although we need the rain. But, you know, nobody likes that. Especially you pour paint in the air.