SAIR FOOLS FOOLS FOOLS FOOLS FOOLS Fire FOOLS Concentrate How will the hell ignore those blocking paths as it begins? Why is this so fruitful? Yes, there's no way to succeed Maybe those are easy- boleh Unless that means your mission will go FOOLS will enter in no time And if you go from heavy to heavy The new Russia show on 5.6. You eight hours. His red-hust in my omitudes had caught you. And I love the queen of so far that you're rung as you should be in different palace But we'll keep them here. I live the garden, my neck hurts the China. She left out a year ago. When he makes an ego, Monaco is not the kind you can do in the behind. But as the garden heard the China she'd know my name. When he don't know where to stole the ego, I can see how there was strong confusion between humans all and human horror. And they're knocking in saw the surps, These are about to be in saw her naked. Oh, stars report you lead to go in line. That place in need was working hard. They life in the ovary office. Working on a practice was your own. You make a close-back and louro for an explosion. Loading for a man who goes flowing with so slow. He goes to the garden, my neck hurts the China. She left out a year ago. Everybody makes an ego. Monaco is not the kind you can do in the behind. But as the garden heard the China she'd know my name. All people feel that he's a reason. Made a fool of my husband. Feel that he's a reels wrong. I've been the link in bedroom she was growing. More and more and more I was doing her with bills all the time. Till the garden on a cup of China. She left out a year ago. Every friggin' time he makes a way to go. Monaco is not the kind you can do in the behind. But as the garden heard the China she'd know my name. All came in the same room because you can't just have her. Oh yeah, my girl. What you got to do is take a table below. I'm going to play a lot of stuff this week. I'll tell you that. Kids are out of school and they'd write. You can be a local. I'm just going to be going to the most. Kids in there are school yesterday with senior script. I was going to show you guys that they were trying to show us my music. The guy in the beach cops said this was the best behavior. The greatest group of kids. What is that? Why is it that Chris want to open the mic when we started to show that tapping in banging again? Do I hear her? Are you people crazy or what we're doing to God name radio show here? You asshole? I think it's downstairs. Yeah. And we're hearing it all the way up here on the third floor. He's right under our feet. He's probably that the Bob removes. He's an asshole. And the rumor going about building is that the reason that we can't stream the audio on the internet the way that Eric was doing it before getting all those videos of people listening is this just a rumor is that the certain assholes around here are like a dick with us. You know what I'm saying? They've dittled with our internet connection. Which is why now there's only like five people listening right now. Supposed that they're already be like two three hundred by now only five. And probably don't even like maybe ten by the end of the day because they can't get on it because it's dicked up. They much rather have you listen to qm.com or sound like it's coming through a stranger and we have the the meteorological thing the weather in the background while the commercial breaks are on. Which only they could do around here. I've got our Bob remote you idiot. So anyway, what we're seeing is for a break day. And they count yesterday and they showed the kids on the beach. And the beach police said it was the most best behaved and hottest wooden group or whatever they said. That's what they said. Yeah you enjoyed that. Hopefully you must have news last the news last night. So it's big and a young people we had our polyester. They have a drinking age and of course a miracle occurred. We had eight hundred and seventy three hosts on your rungies.com. Should the drinking age be 18 19 20 or 21 or band booze all together. Which we got a lot of band booze all about there. We just just put a hell of it. Just want to be wise guys. 18 wins hands down. What do you like that? On a rate of 173 over over half over 50 percent. And we lines that. 442.5 percent said the drinking age ought to be 18. 277. So now keep it 21 because we're all anyway. The agarity of that all of people over 21 are the ones who voted for that. 31.6 percent. Band booze all together. 62.7 percent. Age 19. 61 people said it ought to be 19. 32 people said it ought to be 20. 22. A minister will number the. There of course is between 18 and 21 18 wins hands down. So that we don't have to make criminals how the young people are quoted the president's daughters. Those drunken slots. That's right. Alright, they're embarrassing. And I think there's a goal in opportunity. If we had a re-eliter, do we have a leader? No. That's going to be our poll today because I want to give you chance to. You know, for a semicolon time, while you bushworkers out there. Want to give them an a high by the way. The good news is that now those kids have always had north by me middle school. Now that's cool, huh, and date, they won't have to like just, you know, catch a little listen here and there like in between low jobs, north day, middle school, north day, middle school. So I very happy. There's that all those kids from north day, middle school because we know you're all out there. And it was a good idea, listen to the show and said, listen, the crap that the chicken class, because most of what they're teaching is, you wish to time anyway. When you agree that they're going to get much better education on this show than ah, you bet. So our good buddy Adam and sales just missed the plane across the 95 by about what he says 75 inches last night. It started up by like about a half a mile. Then by the time you get to hear this morning, it's like, you know, it's like people go fishing. Who kissed the big one, you know, the middle, the Newton, you know. missed the plane crash, but just a matter of feed he said, and he just delighted to expect this will be here. Also, my different Jake Finder got the proper parking license. I said, hey, you know, if you're going to talk about 18 year old, they may not be able to drink it, but they shouldn't have been a parking park and floods their guts out. I said, hey, did you? I told them that they can drink and give me a dirty look. I said, oh, I can't do that. That's not what they have good idea. But they can sure come here and plunge their brains out and learn about horse racing and all of the good stuff that goes on like in the featured track last night. We're walling Hennessey's horse arm row, russia broke about 15 times and there was no inquiry and no this qualification and it became a official luck instantly right after the race. And they left them out. Nice going there, walling. As if he had one of the prices lately already anyway. The judges were playing poker, I guess you can last night. Maybe in a sound sleep. There's a horse that broke like four times during the race, no inquiry, no line. Not that it's all great, sign a nice guy, we did okay. I just mentioned that in passing. Dick. Here's our poll question today. And the name is, asnar. Okay, asnar. W. Prime Minister, not president Anne Zarf. Oh, man. You know something he is the definitive Goeisher cup. If you look up in the dictionary, Goeisher cup, he has pictures right next to it. So here, and there's still a hawking down there on the wall. There's still bangin' away. Not probably going until two o'clock today. Probably it's just probably Bob removed down there, banging on a pipe for four hours. Just to get even because he's a prick. He's a Yahoo prick. Which of these best describes president Bush? Will you be a five choice in today? Because we want to be fair on this show. Want to give all you bush lovers or a chance. Which of these best describes well president and take? Be wilder, confident, strong leader. Dumb or Alfred E. Newman. What are you talking about? What's the difference between Dumb and Alfred E. Newman? Well, I think Alfred E. Newman takes it to a new level, don't you? What, me worry? As in? Who am I? Yeah, kind of like that. What do you say, you sh'go? It's a 10 18. It's 5.16. But you're not a good star for Alfred Zarf. I'm a TV host, so far. This would be a pretty bad 19 votes for a full immediately. Which of these best describes president and GW Bush? Dumb? Seven. Alfred E. Newman. Six. Be wilder. Be wilder. Five. Strong leader. One. There you go. And confident. Yes. Zero. No confidence. But strong leader. One out of 19. Not too good. I mean, always got his finger on a button. His hands around the other. Strangely, the environment in the air that we breathe and the one that's the one in him, we're not even showing highlights of his phone party that I've been before. The phone party? What channel is this? 360, maybe it's coming up. It's coming. Charge work? I hope that was just a teaser. A little piece. The phone party? All right. 360 on your best small dish. And let me tell you again, you better get off for vision. Because if you don't have it, you're going to be like the Wolfway and in the dust. The best and investment in the history of my life. 565. 565. 560. On the 18 and 10. For as a wireless long. Got a couple of calls here. I think we'll play like all requests to freeze. I mean, the plane crash is very unfortunate because you know, people get hurt real bad and dying stuff like that. But other than that. You want to say it? Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Mr. Rogers. How are you? Hey, I got one question. One question. Okay. The request is 100 years of gone by. That's a total of things forever. I'm sure you're looking to kill that. Exactly. Good. How can I say great choice? And also couldn't there be a referendum for the people to vote on the on the age drinking and if they voted 18 once the state has to go to 18. But who's going to put that on the ballot? Who's going to let us decide things like that? Well, couldn't all be like the bars, restaurants, night clubs, all get a petition together. Get it? Never. I'm going to happen. I'll never let us do it. Never going to happen. Okay. Bye-bye. I mean, I mean, I make all all the sense in the world like we would be elected. People decide. We had our survey here yesterday that people decided to drinking age out of the 18. It's as an honest ridiculous. Crank to driving age up to 18 and make the drinking age 18. Going to military 18 while they all these things, right? It feels wrong with that. And of course, blow a John's mouth to another story. Middle school kids are doing that now, so that's so different deal. After that, I'll have to lower the age for that, haven't I? Huh? You know, this one, Rurvis, they were about that. I've actually done a lot of conversations about that. Not, no big-they can't discuss that. When Sally comes home from school, and I can't discuss it. Hey Sally, are you like a hot many, or like to be in the school? Or like to. I think you don't have like a separate class with, huh? But all your kids out during dayd-county, we just hear, I'll just be on the safe side, okay? Don't be doing no dangerous crap. Somebody looks dangerous if it smells bad. Don't get near it. That's my suggestion, too. Make sure you take a real good close examination of it before you get too close. This thing that a couple people fast me is that they're shenan, They're website, I would question and instruct anyway. They're real good, like in a case of like a major emergency, like when you're blowing up the world, something like that, they're right there to show us all the end of the blood and the guts. But other than that, no wonder nobody watches it. But they have the, in fact, if you check out CNN weather, that's a classic example of how stupid they are. And even over a year, when I'm over there, I'm CNN international, and they show the weather forecast for cities around the world. They're not even close, they're not with intended views. If they tell you it's going to be raining in 45, the sun is shining at 68. They just, so they did this thing, and I have no idea where who compiled this or where it came from. Maybe somebody would be kind enough to let me know since two people bothered, facking with this. America is most 100, thrilling, flicks. I mentioned this the other day, and they got psycho number one. The godfather is way down there at number 11. Dracula, which ought to be in the top five, that's way down at number 85, 85, Dracula, which actually a lot of people probably wouldn't vote for number one. That was thrilling, that was scary. That was really done. Yeah, they got psycho and jaws number two. Yeah, jaws. That was really thrilling. In fact, also on the list, they got the number 31. They must be at that, well, what's his name? The godfather is on his list. Number 11. There's a lot of people who are there, and they're here. The godfather is on his list. Number 11. There's a lot of people who are there. They're the godfather. They're the godfather. They're the godfather. They're the godfather. They're the godfather. They're the godfather. Number 11. Did Richard hadn't called you by the way? Yes. He did? Yes. And he said, that's a talk about it all the year. What does that mean? He said, don't say this on the year, but it gave me message. What do you mean by that? He said, hi George, this is Richard Adam. Don't say any of this on the year. Do you have a big thing? Why do I have some kind of a problem now? No. Oh. But at least I got him to call you tonight. Yeah. Yeah. Why is he upset? No. Oh good. Don't be upset, Richard. I'm making your famous baby. He loves the attention. Richard is like an overgrown child. He walking those offices. He's got all these old, tube boxes and he's a collect soul crab. He's a great guy. He's just trying to get a whole just to art a grab a holder him. He's invasive at a looser. He's slippery. Like most attorneys. He's slippery as an eel. Just probably a Dracula is number 85. And I know where to go. Some of the crap that's on his list. Some of the most ridiculous. Where's it about? As number 43. Didn't you find that drilling? I mean, it was a good movie. It's a classic. Is it a thriller? Oh, no. There must be a lot of these people who have to be on drugs. But other swine, monkeys try to 50. Raging bull, number 51. Was that drilling? The raging bull was like the Rascal House of Motion Pictures. Rocky 52. You. Yeah, Rocky was pretty throwing one up. And dog day after you don't know 79, I was like, well, it's thought again, by the way. But I was going to get a drilling. It was Ted. What's the definition of drilling? I'll try to get my excited or get you. I'll try to get you. Trilber is like a, uh, chilling horror. You know, like, good night as you are seat biting your nose. Like, kind of saying, I wasn't doing that. So, uh, you know, get out of here. Didn't know what was going to happen. Surprising. I just went, I got them seeing it again. It was still drilling. And it's John Voix still hanging out with a few of the machines he pennies. If he were, if he were a quick to deliver a rocket to the team, what was his name? What was his name? What was his name? Ratsville might have been okay. What does that name? I don't know. Where'd you go? You don't know. Dr. Hoppin. That was his name was Ratsville, wasn't it? I forgot. And he died in the bus. Though that was the other guy. That's been hoppin. Are we talking about the same movie? Oh, don't. I'm thinking of you don't think about the John Voix. John Voix was in dog bathing. See, he was stopping right away. So, what was the name of that movie? When John Voix and Dustin Hoppin were they got on the bus, and they came to the end, and they were coming to Florida, and Dustin Hoppin cooked before they got here. Did I see that movie? Of course you saw that everybody saw that. Wouldn't my camping. The dog dancing always would help a chino. Right, in Florida. And Frado. Who was Mr. Ratsville? It was his mark. Not done. I'm Chris Ratton, who was that screaming queen. Yeah. And that was not true. That was not true. I was a rich, adicoc, adicoc. Yeah, I liked that. That was not true. I was talking about the heat. Yeah, that was good. Maybe it'll be pretty soon the anniversary of Ratton. I guess the guy will call him. Tell the cops. There's that two-hole of the sexuals in here. There's some time over here. Yeah. Now, what was the name of Chris Ratton? Oh, I forgot. Those were those. Now Frado was the Indian, right? Yeah. And more than any Frado. Is he still alive? The active, I played Frado. The Alpistino character was funny. Oh, there are no people dead. Listen to these testimonials from people who said, I'm a real pain in the ass. But nevertheless, so we didn't get him to call that was nice. Also, we got some bad news. What was the guy's name Danny? You want to hear this? One of our real loyal listeners passed away. And we want to send condolences to his friends and family. And we can't afford to lose any better guarantee of that. Can we? We can't afford to lose nobody. Also, Brandon Miami is the one on the other guy who is out of control on the Facts machine. He's a good guy, but now we got to America's greatest movies. Well, we're going to be more famous. Okay? I'll save this for you. Okay. I'll call like a slow day. We won't have any of those. No, you want to have any of those this summer? Now, we're going to get those out of the way the next week. But anyway, Brad and Miami is also a good guy. But it's quite a fast. And the guy says the first and only x-rated movie ever when the Oscar was Midnight Cowboy and he's right. You are. That's so ridiculous. Right. That was good movie. I want to say it was like a troller. Why did I keep forgetting to see that? Is it because you don't say it? Well, that might be it. Oh. Oh, ghosty cruising. Not saw it. You did see that? I didn't know it was about Fag Hall. Man, it was too late. Oh, geez. It's too late. I'll write even joking. So that very discomforting. Yeah. And also very contrived and very grotesque and very stereotypical. And nasty. I see people who fit that stereotype. Carlos? Oh. Oh. No. I'm not being taken on. Again. 10. Forty. It's always nice to have someone to ride with. Although he really doesn't say much. He'd have worked from the car, mother. Oh, god. How many of you four, 11 and five, 60 WCM. Towards making out like a band in the other room, Kevin and Paul kinds of three stuff. Morton's stay constant over some of the stuff this morning. And some certificates, too, for three meals with my name on it. George has got it in this pocket right now. Have a great time, George. And Jones, whoever else is going. The Indian has to cheat in the autumn if the winner was going to be colder not. Not when you know in the answer, the chief replies that the winner was going to be colder than the members in the village were to collect wood and be prepared for a cold winner. Being in goodly, you'll let him want to the next form both called an action or weather service and act. Is this winner going to be cold? The man in the home responded, this winner is going to be quite cold in the evening. So the chief went back to speed up his people. He told them to collect even more wood as to be prepared. Which later we called the National Weather Service again. Is it going to be a very cold winner? Yes, the man replied it's going to be a very cold winner. So the chief goes back to his people who are going to go find every scrap of wood in the forest. Two weeks later we called the National Weather Service again. Are you absolutely sure that the winner is going to be very cold? Absolutely. We made a study of the weather man replies. The Indians are collecting wood like crazy. Not bad. I had a give it about a 1.5 on the Richard scale on the scale 87. 140. By the way, like I said, say that list of actors in the movies for like a slow day. There's no calls on it. There's nobody here. All right. The people in data are all gone. Thank God. And the people in the bird like red and the age of their sheep. They're happily in the airport. We understand. This is surprised me. 5.670. 5.6. If there's any interest in bottoming one more day. I just mentioned this in passing. 5.670. 5.660. 5.660. On the 18th. Hey, listen, I know that's a minute. Today, I don't play in anybody. The day that the kids get out of school, anybody with more than 50 cents is long gone. And more power to do you have a great time. 140. What's in our pool? Because they come in from the outer, you know, the outer limits. Which of these best describes El Presidente President Bush? We have you five great choices here. Be wilder just leading into most of the earth. It's pretty tight. Be wilder 37. Dom 36. Afro-Denumen 33. Who am I? Strong leader 24 and confident 10. Only 10 say confident, but strong leader 24. Uh huh. I sure believe that. I'm buying that. Here's a call from Papito. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes sir. I'm miss you when you go on your trip. Easy for you to say. Well, I just came back from Italy and France. Really? Wanted to give you a quick review of that. And I want to also show you a little bit on the bar business and 18. You all just got like that. Okay. You're going to find in the bar business that a lot of the clubs nowadays, they don't want to deal with the 18. 19 and 20 year olds. It's just not worth the aggravations, not worth hiring extra security and things like that. So the guy that said earlier, if there's some where you can play, so we'll wrap around them or whatever. There's a few bars that want to dance clubs like Atlantis or somebody's other places that want to go after the younger crowd. But for most, it's just not worth it. They don't go out and bite dinners and stuff like that. So that's a big reason. Okay. So now regarding Italy, I, uh, flew to Paris. I took the train down to Tolus. Played rugby for a week in Tolus and everything was put nice down there. And it took the train to Italy and I went to the Vatican, went to the city and chapel, walked around the city. Oh, I see. Stay down to the M.A. as you'll now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I went to the mountains of Trevi. Um, it was a, uh, being Italian. I was able to speak the language a little bit. So I got around a bit. And I took the train back up to Paris. I got on to say something that even the M.A. is me. It's going to be a few. The people in France were actually pretty decent. Uh, I heard the belief, but, uh, if you start by saying asking them nicely if they speak English, or you want them to, you don't speak French. Um, I guess the country, the tourism board in France has said to these, uh, to the citizens. You got to be nice to the people because tourism is one of our biggest, uh, um, they're not to done that like in the last couple of years. Yeah. I heard that before myself. And I mean, when I went to Toulouse, which is obviously down by Spain, it's totally different area from Paris. People will different. But even when I was in Paris, I was asking directions out again on the Metro people. People were nice to me. I was amazed. I was absolutely amazed. So I'm going to miss you when you go on vacation. And Amsterdam is definitely on my agenda. I've heard that you're going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. Then they came a little bit deep into my room and you saw the one. Yeah, we don't have stir dams for a weekend. And they never had been there. They never had been there. Oh my God. Yeah, up next major trips can be back to Australia in 2012. Okay. Hey, with me out, you got a lot of time Toni. See, guys, so that's God from doing a few places. Actually we have like summer if that's people. I'm sure that there's some high rates people. I just have an TM yet. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Midnight Cowboy, John Hoyt, to an limbo rocket, the T-room with Shishi pennies and Westland. I guess maybe that was where he was bringing Ratso, was to Westland and that probably was coming in and just couldn't quite make an adjam and it's snowy bus. Was this illness that drove the most attention at bus? Here's Miami, huh? You mentioned the movie, cruising? Are you saying that it's all that snow that's up to happen? No, I saw one on Instagram, I said it's an old research of all kinds of crap happened. Most of the research from the R-true. Most of the R-true, yeah, it's not a single R-true. But if I take it from the 150-true, I'll be people being certified, I do that, they can be treated in a serious type. Well, I would guarantee it, and more than 50% of gay people don't, I didn't involve them whatever was increasing, but have a good time doing it, okay? She had Westland sweetheart. 5,6,7,5,6,5. In fact, we could do a story about the colors, couldn't we? And the facts were wrong. And it would be true. I would say just off the top of my head, I would have just taken about this before, so matter of fact, from the light of the call to the bus, stereotypes, I would say that 75% of the colors are pure on an elevated crap, okay? I'm not just on this show, don't feel bad. All shows. And by our calls are great compared to the calls on the sports shows. Oh God, there was an old soccer call, Hank, was it not the one about the heck family in New Jersey. That was a better call. Something about the ones that call about horse racing, because unfortunately, the only ones that we have care about horse racing are harness racing are old-farts like me. And the rent, anybody out of these are 100, doesn't care about that. And this guy was going on, I was screaming at the radio, screaming at the top of my lungs. Oh, about some race here that he had bell-mont, was Jerry Bailey, and he did a bad ride, and Hank's thinking about which race that was, this call that was the death now of top radio. The death now, even Joey Reynolds would have been embarrassed by that call. So please, don't feel, don't take it personal on this show, but just an all shows in general, 75% of the colors are crap, which is why we try and this show to go through it like a billion calls, you know, because any of my kid a few good ones. And on the fact machine, I would say the opposite. I would say, no, no, it's about 50% of the stuff that comes in is either in form of an average, and using some good, as Joey would say, fresh new comedy, or, yeah, and then of course, the other 50% are chronic cranks, and, oh, it's just beautiful. People who hate me, hate your, both of you above, but wouldn't miss it for a second. People who are hallucinating, who have no lives at all. And I'll say it for the eight minutes, because I read the more I say this, the more I believe it. If Tim McTray would have had a fax machine, that building would be in one piece, and 160,000 people would be alive today, or now dead. Trust me what I tell you. The fax machine is the greatest outlet for human frustration and psychosis in history, that's the catalephone. No, no, even above the gankas, see the telephone, even though it's anonymous, there's a voice. But the fax machine is totally anonymous. All right, there was another story about another epitaphile. Most in somewhere heard, I'd like trying to get a 50 year old boy up for sex, that they named on the internet. All you epitaphiles out there, I hate to break the news, but every time you're talking about, like a 13 or 14 or 50 year old boy or girl on the internet, it's a cop. That's what's going to stop my just messing that in past, and all you maniacs out there. Well, I'd better stop, all you Peter files. Yeah, well, listen, when I was talking about those young girls given the head in middle class school yesterday, George was like hanging on the tour clock on the edge of the seat. What time did they get out of class? And he's really pissed off that since we're in day counted at school, it's out now. Just in time, by the way, I mentioned that in passing. All you want to read was a few. Like when you saw that, who were you just good thing you didn't see that? The phone party? No, no, not the phone. The phone. The phone. Yeah, the newspaper. Yeah, that was last night. I'm Miami Beach, where they all were having a great time and walking around like naked. Just about. That would have taken me back. You'd have to look at the cop-up for the fact that there's all this old sexual and an adult school. I was bought by a huge one that bought everybody down, sort of speak. And anybody believe in that? No. He was just like, our imitating life. And that how goes the other way around? He said, don't call me art. Anyway, so I'm going to know three of five, 60 WCOM. That does here. A French woman, Catholic, Bishop, by trial for covering up for a pedophile priest. Oh, not another pedophile priest. Oh, my God. There's a fact in the church. Admitted to a court yesterday that he focused more on helping the vegan clerics than eating the victims of their families. PRPCOM, Bishop of Bayouli, Zeus. That's the other thing about the French, their language is disgusting. Which is just hate, ooh, Nick. Didn't even like that. Didn't even do this. I think I'm off for a Schmidt. Spoke on the first day of his trial in the Northwest and town of Cayenne. For family that turned in a priest later jailed for 18 years. For the rape of one boy in sexual abuse of television between 18 and 1989 and 1996. The can, 66, that he confronted father of an abyssey, rhymes with sitting in January of 1997 After running a one of his case, but still the follow-up of the other cases, the priest admitted to during their talk. The failure to investigate what had happened to other victims was a lack of vigilance on our parts of the bishop, visibly annoyed about having to discuss sexual acts in court. Instead of informing the police because, said he sent this down and retreat and then had him seek satientry killed. He transferred this edu in nearby persons of September 1998, but the priest was arrested on pedophilia charges a few days later. What a surprise, what a shot! The can is the first French bishop to face prosecution for a failure to inform on a pedophile priest. Although similar cases have arisen in other countries as victim to the sexual abuse by clerics, increasingly blamed the church hierarchy. There you go. So not only are the pedophile priest yet victim to now, but those who stood by and kind of assisted by their violence and federal and so on, they just kind of moved him around so that they can most other kids farther away. There are God going to the spy and were too to which we say, all right, long overdue, even though we know. There's no fact in the church. On and on this show, we know that. Now, it's just a plot. Probably that Bob Jones University, Dershtorn, all this crap, I'll pay it to Catholics. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. One time, Colin has listened to us, 16. I'm in Dracking Credit Kid in Lady Sabre in force. Hello. And I just want to try it out. I'm on leave right now. I was a West Palm last year, point. I heard beautiful signs of the Scottish and the Creole. Can't believe it's time to go crazy. But Neil, I tell you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. Look at bread and call your parents. Mom. Children sometimes sing along with children. Girls never sing. I imagine then. So that's what we've got to do. No matter how long you sing in this field. You've got to get all your bread up. You shared it with us personally, Mother. Friends, let's probably say, back to destiny child speaking of a gutter they really suck I just want to I'm just gonna sit here and say that for the rest of my life they just make me nauseous I was supposed to tell you they got booze yeah I was going to get a guilty was telling me that they'd booed them roundly and which we say just like the feet of foul free yeah that's good news you see just like our boy yesterday I think maybe it's just a little bit of hope for the human race at least in this country of ours just a little teeny tiny bit of hope with that drinking age of 18 winning by over over 50.5% of this audience said 18 out of either drinking age can I don't give a crap what the bar owner's I understand the point that I was making before is that they wouldn't support that many of them and he's probably right but the fact is that this business of repress and repress when the American people going to grow up maybe when they are allowed to grow up then we won't be elected more on for presidents and we won't be having all this crime and corruption and random bookcraft and freedom will ring and all this other well wonderful free shake virtual electric shake freedom will ring here ring this five six seven oh five sixty we got to a hundred ninety two votes already but this is a pretty damn popular poll we got today that's right even at the jacke pennies westland you won't find polls more popular in this well public in theory to wait which of these best describes president bush be will there fifty six dumb fifty two after he knew when after I voted forty one a strong leader twenty seven confidence seventeen twenty two twenty two twenty twenty percent of the positive ones here and which leads like seventy year one of the other is seventy eight per a plus percent not to a well Georgie and he shouldn't say how to uh minister uh it has never whatever his name is over there it's a correct myself what is that I was saying something wrong and I was that's why it's a making all the time but we don't solve our drawn suppliers and all of you a gutter English and field is Haitian which is gutter French gutter English you heard from like genuine Jamaican speaking to each other no man technically it's English well you know something which we take our mobile microphone if we had a moment we'd walk right outside get on the elevator if it worked and go right across on the corner there and go to that you make cool market there even though technically English you can understand it and what you're saying how about I get that so how do you do a drug transaction when you can't understand what they be saying I can't say goes oh I say go grab all that's right I forgot that's a different kind of guys don't you be started on the roster guys okay oh that George is talking drugs already that he's not even on the show yet another week he's already doing drugs stuff okay so you people are getting offended by George's drug stuff you're gonna have a wrong hot summer baby because he's not only gonna be talking drugs he's gonna be doing drugs right on here they're gonna be smoking they're gonna be selling it on the street corner yeah instead of peddling the usual stupid choctie that we do here for the fundraiser on this show George is gonna be having the call on the street quarter 441 I've been wrote right in front of Trump's sub center there peddling drugs I think we're going to try open this you yeah okay yeah open you know open you're gonna be on the street quarter go grab doing that that routine and you just go grab thank you the police sign that'll be the symbol yeah and however much you want you got you got the cash we got this day how do you like that yeah at WQM radio and drug center trow it out I mean the sports thing is definitely on the way out everybody knows that they're talking about destiny childless morning thanks to our new show in the full show which I love that there's no there's nothing going on Marlon's one again life times anybody here nobody here's there's like only six games on a first or one game with an a game of 500 anybody cared oh yeah past day it's old news it's old had well we can't see that horse broke four times in the same race is anybody carry side me Derek and Faridge nobody else noticed it shut you's were asleep hey don't get upset but believe me trust me when I tell you I haven't go to the track for 41 years hey well they don't take it personal unless you want to wait I still have never seen wally henna's seen one 14 at five six you're w to come we're just killing some time till I'd big her cool game man we got to pre-concue I'm two to three they heard cool inside your batter's box and then she-acquacca it's my my although this is some bad news though I forgot to mention this before because it's kind of embarrassing and only we could do it here at 2 a.m. from three o'clock till five thirty we got Tennessee and University of Miami heard cool in the college world serious from Omaha and uh... came to go with this game in one morning when it got to him serious but anyway five thirty then we go to uh... because uh... you know we got to make a bit of a series you know it's a lot of the same time so five thirty decades year so we do waxes of a ninety uh... you're following that it's just put them on the earth at the same time yeah nobody would know the difference is a big listening five thirty six we got uh... center-matic model on direct release and output in the crow on their desk being that's bad and then the six of five the models of the rest are said got some pre-connure manos red socks you know and boss the what is that all about it's a lot of those uh... artsy farcee and we win hallways you know like uh... dot-and-gox anniversary well what is it they do that all the time up there and the uh... like a Monday to play hockey game in noon or one o'clock and the play baseball games it eleven o'clock and more and maybe these bizarre things up there so tomorrow the red socks game is it's six o'clock and if they would play like even at seven o'clock ever given the hurt who is plenty of time to win and all be like on uh... five sixty but instead we got to be embarrassed in the middle of a ball game and maybe it's going to be ten so i can't get a seven sitting that again the other was twenty one thirteen uh... hurricane maybe it's going to be like twenty seven twenty seven in the middle of the eighth inning or the middle of the six inning at five thirty and we're gonna say oh guess what turn over to seven ninety waxy if you like this game if you want to hear the rest of it because otherwise by by and fifty of a lot what's that all about what kind of a and then you'll know what kind of a you know we're very stabout but that's just the way we do things here because we have too many commitment to understand trying to do too many things at the same time actually where we're gonna do is have the way up to show instead he's a great guy talk about a stick he's almost enough to make me into a fusion fan almost but not quite these are good guys but he was a few of the other talking instead of actually play soccer if they were not way to get ninety thousand people out there during the season of funny is hard attack he's a piece of work but anyway where you're good guy but that i can't we still can't think we're not okay all of the silly people as a little short from up and down the field for hours and hours and scores uh... you'll know or whatever that is you'll know here's probably to be told yeah i enjoy watching bush uh... give a speech is because every time he says something that makes any sense in people clap the point you get to big grin on his face from here to here you're like a set up good yet all though don't want but their institution how it's turned into king of media yeah and uh... show us the kettle in the stuff for mental clarity okay five six seven five sixty kind of you boring sir man i don't want to insult you but you are really really boring your turner i got a headache just from the side of his voice i just uh... crack the headache big one big fan one you need some of that stuff for mental clarity yeah that might be a maybe some current all by the way jomers you got a call yesterday was absolutely correct jomies portuguese portuguese which explains what this guy was just talking about five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen feet and horizon marvelous one getting back to the scene and let's which will okay he calls about this but uh... thank you again for the fact is because it's all good time the hundred most thrilling flexion history of american filmmaking industry film a handle the weasel number of thirty uh... six or something like that that's not a summer film a handle ways right misery which uh... got called about yesterday's not on the list of your what else is not on here when a stranger calls Charles during you see that yeah that but that i mean that was not a major big box office movie but it's here it was more thrilling and most of the many of the movies on his list have you checked the children that's got to be one of the great lines ever have you checked the children and he just freaks out that's the phone is uh... goes nuts how you babysitter's out there don't answer the phone okay because whoever it is probably in the attic upstairs and it's an asthma he's announced right our wantsy her no more five six seven oh five fifty pound five i'm one of the senior Charles during his chase into that uh... the not house there where the hell it is is a world where is that where does that take place he chase into summer and it's running to the kitchen and swine all the pots and they know in the race and away where does that take place well somebody will know when it's strange or calls which all the evening go on by the video it's your better sit around than the heat here here's what lot of it all hello hi there god yes or speaking hey you might be talking about that don't you have to be yeah you know the double-done of the a devil don't know a double-done yeah double when you look at the dance all the same time and and George bull okay thanks for the goodness thanks for the great the first you comedy five six seven oh five sixty pound five six i didn't understand what he said something about he's gonna stick a don't know if it's back to something like that just relax okay just you can't do it but that thing away you're just told his don't know it looks like it don't know what about your lawyer and the share your ass a little bit whatever you just said about George just tell me about your face good guy here want to be discussing most things on here he said i was a pin in the ass here's for a lot of the whole for a lot of the going once going twice all my god can you believe that here's a mobile in bokeh hello and you know yes sir hey today isn't john handcocks birthday but it's actually flag day it's fact day in Boston I'd flag day everywhere actually uh... this is the anniversary of when the continental army was uh... introduced to the i i thought flag day was a twelve of june nope it's today that's what it says on my veterans of american war George look up on the calendar up there and what does it say for the fourteen days and say fact day yeah it's flag day i thought i'm a work in the issue that the illegal holiday i believe it is well i'll be damned thanks for the bad news yeah i knew it had to be one of those rt-party patriotic days because in Boston they're very uh... considered about those things john and his birthday john quincey and his bar mitzvah all these days they have to have a holiday so if you would be able to work in Boston because you work about ten days year kind of like my schedule and the rest of your offer holidays every day's a freaking holiday so let's go to the poll here house what do you say isn't that the house although i'm washing in the street and why is that the poll here house they have been there what found my city for i don't know where are you asking i don't know over by five years there you know you still walk into a friendly market oh yeah and the fan you will home you'd like it there you'd like that's a great city you can't wait to go you love Boston i'm gonna be right back i mean it's no Miami but you know can't have everything no big hit of honey it's a couple here's a new guy here's a mobile in Miami hello hey you yes sir i want more on that poll i want more for them dumb shit dumb shit yeah i don't know if they are my Jamaican cars what is that? the rock car the one? rock car you know do you know what he'd be saying? no rock crotch watch crotch okay i think that single minute your time is up sir not for this call but on his planet that was good so good i'm English i think that's what you said before i said you were i had your thumb on it good i'm English i think that was like a shot of the Jamaican don't think it's gonna be no more business with you here's a mobile in Miami hello hello Leo yes sir how are you doing now all right? okay uh what was the show and last week you had that i think the all-time greatest call with the guy called in about soccer and just wondered if he could possibly replay part of that call i called in about soccer then with the guy he he he he he he he he he he he said he was like he epitome of uh what was wrong with people down here in South Florida and it kept saying well that old guy that was talking about high brought soccer to South Florida and like we all gone I was talking about the sports shows i guess oh man we were so confused oh he was almost as good as that old guy to call Hank you yesterday i guess it was about the horse race that that that that that was you put me into a coma almost your off the road i was not at off right there in the middle of 441 well we were cracking up so much i don't know maybe you could find it in your heart ma'am guarantee if you listen long enough this summer you'll hear it pull here it's your head over and over again so okay there you take pal right after alien in the pool alright let's get those again right now let's get those on i can go really do a mommy's per watch you get that a lot of here get a lot of finished to take care before i get out of here don't i know that's your sound good though a lot of important things to take care of 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T what are you going to play oh oh that was easy yeah you're going to Boston i'm going to a lunch here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami okay have a good time mobile in vocalo and last but not least here's another mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami hello yes sir uncleville yes i am are you doing alright i was talking about because you're talking about the holidays up in the New England yes and i think it's just to have a good drinking time up there wow something for a patriot Dave that's all that what i thought doing yeah guys well more than american holidays anyway just another excuse for a virtue drunk absolutely right well compulsion now okay happy time Jefferson day and whatever the holidays happy uh Madison days William Madison and while the next cop 560560 pound 560 you see that's a hole it's like a different world there that's what i've heard two people from the England down here because this is a different world in tarry the whole attitude and their whole life and the whole uh the history and the culture and the uh drinking beer by the yard all of that stuff yeah the Prince spaghetti house which is Joanneemo's and Briggams the back bay Commonwealth Avenue, Beacon Street all of these things there's a place here it's uh yeah they got that rock that they dug up over there oh that's a lot of history there that's our history under a rock summer well this is beautiful i thought several times like this we had some calls about this too talk about rationalization here's to the bush quins and it says the news media have been all a dog at the presidential dog is being busted front-raged drinking amid all the tongue-cutting about poor judgment setting about example for the nation's youth at least some people are starting to watch whether the law that janen varb or bush pilot makes any sense and it's funny when you're drinking which is true we asked that the other day but talk about a rationalization if it was your kids out there that got busted for uh fake ID and underrated drinking like a couple times within six weeks nobody would be saying oh gee everybody's doing it they'd be kneeling their eyes to the wall isn't that interesting? do people like we're gonna bring morality and decency back as in bio being the law? oh no no they break the law but it's a good thing because everybody's examining that law and it's not a good idea which I do agree at any good idea but guess what they're not there not to be in a position to be breaking it how do you like that? don't confuse this with a fact and who was your kid put him in jail for 20 years if they got caught with a joint for 60 years maybe life oh did you see a Lionel's mother on TV this morning? Lionel Lionel Tate oh have you ever been in a bit more? oh wow cheese won't it ought to be in prison vf hgb bitch? yep man and talk about his base advances well how is it that you were squeak in while the girl was squeak? well uh yeah you know he was they were going to the bathroom they were running up and down the stairs machining mother I was upstairs taking an F and but she heard noises no no but now she's saying well well then you hear a commotion in the girl's screaming for a life? well no not like that first she said she didn't hear anything and they'll not like that and like uh which I think it was straight answer out of her and then they'd bring her structure advisor runner who's like not the lawyer but now they got like an advanced maybe the spiritual advisor he says well we're advising them to continue to pray they're praying and that's why we're giving you never had a prayer it's very obvious right now now she didn't hear all like that in fact what she heard was kind of like probably like only breathe like like that you know just a few times like like that and she thought oh man and nothing what back to sleep but there uh see it it's gonna do with the uh the attorney and the fact that they screwed it all up and her who said oh no we're leaving God's hands we're not taking the plea so I said he's the in jail for life maybe at least for two years and he's uh he's uh basket case he's uh goofball he's got emotional problems he'd either stirmed deeply the stir and if you don't believe me just take a look at mommy's performances more you understand why but what praying for him 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and for lives in line there's a mobile and west palm beach home mobile and west palm mobile and bokeh hello oh yes sir oh I got a question good morning meal yes on the truth that you're taking it you have the health department choir of each of our extended stay no okay the day that you would tell you move back you have to uh shouldn't you be taught or a resident application there are no visas required and I don't live there I'm not a route resident I'm just a visitor okay but uh in about couple years I understand you might retire and live all over season and I'm still there not all the time okay so you'll be in the now in the now in the now in the now in the now in the now yeah huh yeah so okay sure answer the children can 567560 pound 560 I certainly would want to give up my U of citizenship well I don't know that would be bad I sure so wouldn't want to do that 7000 open lines on the board here this morning I mean then they're not going to be all requesting because they are one guy and thank God they hate you because I like that hundred years gone by I don't like the thing that much it just goes good time it's long as hell I get minutes long thank you again so maybe we'll play for two more times 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless 1 here's the call from the Redland so long alright you know great uh couple things about the 18 year olds uh drinking thing well I think we are I remember back in the 70s uh we were uh we did married y'all I don't know 7 right years and had a young kid and I uh I was going to college at night and there was a lot of them I stopped at a club and the drinking age test time uh say 75 around that era yeah and the biggest complaint that that most people my age at that time had about the drinking age being 18 was even if you could go into a club and you could relax because always kids around you know roughly if there was 20 30 years old whatever and it was aggravating it's like when you go into a cigar bar it's my sitting there and the bitch and a moment because you're supposed to go so it got to be a penny was it best so I was probably 20 years old as a kid I'm not saying that but I'm saying what are you saying it was under the rules for people who wanted to be in a nightclub atmosphere to be subjected to high schoolers basically in 1920 I was a pretty damn dumb yeah 18 year old yeah 18 year old general in the graduate when the routine yeah well it was a kind of thing that all the kids were like hey we can go to clubs now these are not talking about high school kids we're talking college kids college kids are 18 to 21 and they act like college kids well what college kids act like some of them act like animals like them spring break a break a break like you know 25 year olds are you? and let me tell you this is 25 and 30 year olds are like assholes too yeah yeah have a great day okay so we just don't like kids in this country that's basically a little above down to because this country so immature anyway even the adults are mature that the kids are like five year olds that's why we have a drinking problem and a drunk problem all these other things and you go to other places and guess what they don't have that big problem drink it as you can and like somebody verified yesterday I was why did 19 are they running around drunk on young street are they like killing children in the street oh no no big problem that I see so it has to do with the people that's what it has to do with when you continue to repress and repress and treat people like five year olds they generally behave like five year olds that's why the gun thing is the way that it is guns inherently in and of themselves aren't even were bad but the fact is that when you're responsible juvenile people have guns and access to gun they start killing each other what kind of stuff how do you like that how do you like that oh here's more friends from ringing the James who the last couple of years but by the way thanks very much but no thanks been fact to me about shit rich and how about to buy it this price and sell it that price I'm not I'm not playing the market my friend but thank you so much this is a good guy send us a lot of faches not interested I'm not if I want to do my gambling I've been pretty little a very low level gambling a palm at a park when a few bucks here lose a few bucks there I'm not in gambling anymore unless I go to Vegas I'm two old and two people the start gambling away all my life savings so I give it to somebody I can trust like mature that's right so it was just for me but this guy says long long term it should be okay shit rich long long term like in other words if you love long enough you're my kid you're my kid you're my he back with don't hold your breath something like that 270 votes on at Pelso Far take a peek at this I'll present it to you in very poorly which of these best describes president Bush dumb 74 the world is 73 Alfredi Newman 65 a lot of people I don't even know who Alfredi Newman is any of he still got 65 of those votes including mine strong leader 34 confidence now that you mentioned it never seen it to him together I didn't know he could play the banjo though I said we have one president played the sexist phone I would go in a fifth banjo he's picking it 560 70 50 60 when you liked that there's sitting over there it did one of the big conferences in Europe and all of a sudden he pulls those little banjo and said trying to get kind of like a distraction you I thought it takes the type of guitar out of here from the scene how to dumb you see I'm kind of like a little distraction after you Newman plays the video banjo 560 50 50 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon where it was why he's got the years for it maybe it's like Ross Broder we can fill in here's ladies for a lot of their hello yes man yes I don't know if anyone is in the what's up with hot-twan yes but that will use the Jamaican version it's a broken English where it's really broken French but yeah I'm a mistake for broken English which how to make and take part in speaking part which is broken English oh my god how a verse now you do not know because it's like a comfort zone for most Jamaican or wherever we're talking English in school we're speaking English right when the time is appropriate uh-huh and uh-huh when is that like alternate Sunday if like I'm speaking to you now I say but when you're among your own people you'd be speaking uh-huh right what's Ross oh well that's a cartridge no what is it you like if you that's a lot you're gonna certainly I could tell you I'll see you too what I would say that now but use Ross for the curtains Ross you that's where maybe the next Jamaican university Ross you Ross did. Ross cloud. Ross cloud yes that's just a bad word oh oh what Ross cloud or cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud that's what the chicken gets on a snap to people they see nail to the door or is it just activated what do you know Neil let me say why say it's a comfort zone you just like if we're among like you manage people there speaking Spanish we don't understand what they're saying right if we're speaking our path will be like code so you don't know what you don't know what you've been saying that you've said that they're much as well right right exactly okay I've got a little bit of expression it's quite a little bit of a big speaking fact whoa oh well we do do well at the English you do do you do do you do do you yeah when you have the spelling be content in some recent years uh-huh Jamaican that Jamaican team came very well in the it's a very rare kick-told because we were told we had to yeah well let's spend it all in the British if we're for the British you people would be like a lot more normal you know what I'm saying have a great day sweetheart okay bye okay don't say Ross now George because she was very nicely don't be saying her Ross Ross cloud no oh Jesus Christ we're done hasn't even started with a summer Philan's all the anti-sid Ross cloud well if the FCC don't speech bad is you only work on ourselves department uh-huh Ross cloud oh that's right that's hard drag come sorry oh it is that you said uh- even asshole yeah I said you know we know what a jerky is your work but then like out of the joint here like at home around the house when you're over there visiting what you like even asshole that's what it's like you said thunder right all he does is wine wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha that cone is wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha all the stories up here even though you're in hiding and believe me you ought to be hiding okay Todd go to snipe five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and the AT&T and the rising maritalist line what does that look like? Dreck here's Tamaratchellum. how long do you guys? me a watch of these people in Bosch did here in rape walk with the cops that is the most ridiculous yeah I ever should have been no the bruns won't come to you I didn't know it either I mean I know they run around the body or but that was like a lot of lifetime ago I mean it's kind of a fun around in the last ten years more than it's rado on Hanukkah they should have gone rocked them yeah give me a thing the next person that thought about this Jamaican language park what why I got a race track I stayed with the Jamaicans because they were so wanted and shelved and they're always yelling blood clot and bumble clot what does that mean? we can't interpret it on the earth if I'm in a shop no yeah because they're very crisp okay where's with the more vicious terrible where's the raven? raven's not even under the raven is great where is that? it is a veg with Vincent Price I thought a raven would tell her in Borwich to a greater sacrifice of all time I don't think I ever saw that one I want to tell you something and it's those type movies for that genre genre genre yeah he played somebody Dr. Bowling yeah and uh there's a sheet played steep and dull agoshi and he watched the kill people fall and there's a great line where he goes dead is a day okay yeah I didn't see that yeah that is great you're right right well we told you you please play yes under age and I'm my wife in Kabul you're not one loose okay thank okay Marchary coming yeah hello the Frankenstein's number 56 on his most the trillion plates and Dracula 85 oh that ridiculous I mean I realize the Frankenstein wasn't more trillion than raging Boltzmann but come on who are you people kidding CNN they're the a lot of lalantic crystal or whatever the hell it is 567056 pound 56 yeah we can't stand Ray Borwich we don't like him he's all these people he made a lot of bad plays he's just you know free out of about him goes back to Boston like uh he's still playing oh yeah we shipped him off there so I rink him at the copchiff and now he's galldon he's retired and the geezers retired too anybody care about that oh any remember him oh a geezer now oh sure got a lot of hockey fans not heard only and then his little blip in the paper this one in the sports section of a page 722D uh or Bill Terry's still harder work he's working on it yeah I bet he is too much comedy with that young girl that's what I've both eyes fell off here's a lovely Miami hello hey Neil I'm looking why I see New York City I'm not even gonna ask you down so how the how the turtles up to Neil how's one the turtles are the turtles they're in your uh rectum when I'm hearing five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line another bobbucker guy here's Palm Beach all hey hey don't all right just get off the this thing here we were talking about the first you know children if you happen to see the hero today I went base you out if they are not allowed to take any more pictures and graduation why not what you have to read for putting in and not allowed to know how to write a wish or based on what I don't know date county did it again this is the line of the free home of the frame okay when I words this maybe it's in the day this anxiety it's in the day to day to shoot and the day to day they are not allowed to take pictures and graduation I says what is going on with this place it's on the front page well I have to get to day here because it's on the front page and browser no I should know a browser of course that allows this to take county I don't want to run with those people yeah okay okay well in date county I mean maybe Joe would go out there give me a date is there a date hero laying in the table out there the front section there not that I want to give you a lot of work to do a lot of homework but get with it we'll tell you about that Saturday show five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty honey AT&T yeah I heard you said Ross under there then four hundred no it's called you one way to keep in this day Rossville across cloud oh Jesus I hear that's going around here in the four folks and I pull and I don't want to give it to you I don't I'll save it we're getting a ton of votes on that thing and the president ain't doing too good our beloved president he ain't be doing too good because people say he's like straight off not smart but dumb people could be bush and dumb maybe a harbor by middle harbor battle no okay listen I look at your show a couple which of out of the year when I'm visiting four of us are but no I got to maybe it's the bad week with your audience but I don't know how you do it man I don't need I do not know how you do it that guy who called asking whether you're going to get a visa on two three years or people that call and ask well call this is saying right exactly yeah you're right I mean my god what's happening what do you mean I different than it ever has been I guess maybe it's just that I'm not year old year around for my well if I were you I'd just decide to walk about that I'd kiss the ground I kissed the phone just home and everybody okay okay let me I'll do that tomorrow no we can't do that tomorrow we got that food coming in the handquarter that this floppy drug primary in the spotty Jones there is right there there's floppy Joe right there is a matter of fact what's that then you take an out of here what is that that's the best of Neil editing because this feeling are coming again the best of you all that's right put those great taste together for the summertime we got a really good and here we got some new ones about alien in the pool I hear their doing it is what I'm here oh yeah nothing about both of them snappy dresses five six seven oh five sixty pound five six beyond the AT&T and for I'm this last guy to call that son I know what you're out concerned about sir it's no different now than there has been that's our model here in South Florida the moon we like that and we like it we like it the moon we like the end um we like being in coherent we like call them say a lot of stupid things like all of a sudden I never been to my Vegas before I want to be a good place to have a meal which is a good McDonald's I think where's there a good seven eleven but hope tell you I stay at an Amsterdam call up a goddamn travel agent okay because there's a listener I can't I can't even imagine other than the guy the call heck is today about the track and at race with jury Bailey seriously I mean they ought to dig that call up that call belongs in the angles of broadcast the history in the Smithsonian Institute anything that you want to know that's bad about talk radio that call a representative he had to be 175 years old easy easy you like that right that would be like my spend a lot of time talking about the wall of the industry when did I big trout last night with a horse that broke stride 14 times in a race in my park because it's what does it say fact if fact day yeah you know what to go say yeah and so they have like a big to do up there they have big celebrations all over Boston over there in China town or used to be the combat zone annual hall all right judges were in at the fact day uh... hat but he worked in flag on it that's beautiful that's a lovely thing that's definitely you five six seven open all by the way paddnews president Bush's visit to Sweden today was marked by protestors destroying two police cars and police don'ts and bottles of officers like seems to a school where activists be staying the school was one of several made available to thousands of activists in the southern port city for days some of between bush when they've done the toxic text and European union leaders as well as the use of it on Friday and Saturday one group of about 25 protesters bear their buttocks rectum officer Bush's hotel to the first day after in which of course now it's just leaving but police read off the hotel by erecting plastic cheating and parking a large tram in front of the building and that are put up about your sheeding in uh... health president they said that looks like a bunch of sheep to me is what he said five six seven five sixty pong a cloud and beautiful judges got an american flag by bush on all right it's my lost lot oh yeah that's definitely sure my stuff which you're just got to head right now and that's what it looks like too here's the mobile and baby hello hello yes sir are you doing all right okay i'm a straightness ross plot stuff up for uh... everybody out there all those shows i keep listening to their and they keep saying that i uh... i spent four months a year into making eighty smuggling gonga yeah i've years in federal prison all right here's what it is uh... here's a go before protests or sanitary napkins yeah they called sanitary napkins a blood cloth cap and there's a boomer plot now the boomer plot is toilet paper but they use the clock even a rock ball area the wrong ass block the last guy along yet to use the clock take area that's the right the right spot and a boomer plot lots of look at the judges and it's right now they don't look like he's here people saying this and they didn't yet you know they don't really know what they're saying but that's what the work actually one of their ass from their boomer clock right that's exactly right okay thanks for the good news pal okay okay okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and for last month right now was different work on right i mean i thought you're doing a cool friend this summer you get those expressions right ross anybody watching the god in light ross margarbion again today the only the fact that he's the only defense attorney in town he depends everybody here's a moment in my any hello yes sir yeah what are they crying about i don't know what are they crying about look good clock blood plots yeah oh yeah plot yeah yeah i thought they're okay my mom close to more good crap so much man that's a good radio name what's that boomer clock to admit five six seven oh five sixty pound five about how much man that sounds like a real good huh to a man named a me and he was full of it here's a mobile and candle hello yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah listen i got a question for you i saw time coming to the land so couple days ago and uh to the striking event that's been held on that day and the uh I couldn't football physical series coercher I think OK song yes I wanted to understands a few more any advice no need too much okay thank okay dala decade of jica rock thank you on uh blah blah blah blah blah blah bye blah blah whatever the guy said i don't want to sell blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blahs after more like a woman wrote educated thing which we got really I was talking like baby talk, you know, I just bought my car with mine. Yeah. Like my friend would talk like a butt plug private school kid and told you to start talking with his mom. Guys, this is what the British did to the afford your make-hones and all those people over the West Indies, man. That's what they did to them. But I keep in their thumb on. All those brits. I could do like a long time ago. We're bringing right hunting to show about the silly brits. You can do like, you know, do hours and hours about them. Those constipated brits. Those silly quits. Here's a mobile and time or I'll come on. Hello, yes sir. The graduation photographs. Anyone that out there that had been to a graduation or parents were able to take photographs freely. Right. Those that the parents go up, they try to stop the kids. Have them pose on stage with the friend's folder in front of the people who were politely seated while trying to watch the graduation. Yeah. And by the time that one parent is done with what they want to do on stage, the agents are out of order with the people that are hitting their clothes. And it's much better if you're not to have parents out taking photographs. And again, the call probably just doesn't want to pay the $10 to the side for the contract, it would be on stage. Hey, he's probably just a cheap skid. That's right. That's right. What is it? Probably a waspard. How did you get that? Thank you very much. When you say a waspard line that cheap guy that was made a big son there, we can't find a friend of the hero from date anyway. Well, I was making a big son of that. Oh, that was our friend from the movie was that talked to receive like David Brian. And they agreed. She had no she had them. Five six she had an old 560 pound, five 60 on the 18. And I can't stand that that just drives me nuts that affect him. He will talk like this. She talked to their team. Man, like Dave old Brian, how you all rated by the way, we'll take the books you're any day. Any day the week, we'll take the books you're over him and also that the David boy and God, all might not only a bad hero piece, but Colonel Colma inducing. How come they couldn't have made books? They made a main man on the radio. We'll be wrong with that. They just don't like him as that. I don't like guys with orange here. Oh, that guy's doing not that fat anymore. Still got on here. Here's my money. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, you know. Yeah, I went to a graduation ceremony yesterday. My son graduated from South West. No congratulations, you know. So proud. Yeah, they got his. The next thing was that FIU, the basketball arena. Right. And it was really great. And the parents were just crazy as club. Aaron Burrcing. The kids were 10 times showed their manners. What? The 10 times more than the parents did. Right. And they had to have all kinds of security there. There was a guy a professional taking the picture when the kids went up and shook the hand with the pencil. And then when they came off the stage, they stand on the flag and the sort of stage flag. They got the picture taken again. But the parents were acting like fools. And that's why they're doing this. I get little things same thing. Yeah, because it came back for our kids. I'll get into fishbikes and balls and I can like a bunch of people. I had to do it. There was a piece of white trash in behind me and she was effin' Cuban this and effin' Cuban that. And I was so embarrassed at the parents. And the kids are at the kids were excellent. They were professional. Everything was fine. It's been a long time because when you have to call out a thousand kids names, it takes a long time. Sure. And they're trying to speed it along so they had another graduation coming in after that. But that's why I had read the article on the paper a little bit better. The broader counties do in the same thing. In fact, some schools in broad would even allow cameras and video tapes. Oh, right. So I mean, the people that had kids, they sat in their seat. They took the picture from the seats. There I am. Hey, that's right. What's wrong with that? Why do they have to have like a special? See, all these people think that they're the only ones on the planet. Hey, everybody's sitting there with their 400-power zoom land. What do they have to do with cellophoto right in and they're right there? Just zoom in on it. Zoom in on it. Exactly. All right. OK, thanks a lot. All right, but. OK, here's the fact that they said, OK, here's the real Schmidt. The word Pet Pran. Are you listening to this? Are you not going to try to kind of guide them back full again? This is very important stuff. Who is that? Some of the bubbleclots. Oh, probably that fat arrow can be between the spaghetti sandwiches. He does eat sandwiches, but like with spaghetti meatballs, I'm just what I'm here. Yeah. Well, what he does is he takes 20 or 30 cans of beef or only. And shrimp, for your already, whatever else they got on it, like, wrap you only. And he eats it up in a microwave and then like, maybe he makes sandwiches out of it. He puts it on bread. Just kind of like that stuff will get them out of the crab. I mean, that could stuff that I haven't come in here. That's Flothy Joe's. Oh, I saw a man with spots this morning on the news. And it says right on there for Flothy Joe's. That's what Flothy Joe's are. That's something from South Orange, New Jersey, some regional crap. Anymore, you're going to get off that bad full mile talk about Pet Pran. Who's that? Hey, how gross. Yeah, that was Eric. Oh, we got 11 people that's down there, Eric. We've had probably 15,000 if we had this thing working right before. We don't care. Don't worry about it. And don't talk to Elvis thing. OK? I'll show you mine. It's time for the Little League World Series. And if you're kids a little bigger, make sure he has the right equipment. Keep trying. What's that you're paying us? A drinking. Ah. Sure, he has a bad end of. But when he steps up to the plate and grabs himself, he needs something to drip. He needs new, jot sucks. Just with a pair of jot sucks in his own race. Give your little leader that literally ball. If he can chew like a pro and he's looking for a good ball, if he can chew like a pro and spit like a pro, make sure he can scratch his crotch like a pro with you, jot sucks. OK, that's the funny we've played there because that's going to be my full question tomorrow for all the men in our audience who have sons. Are you embarrassed by the fact that your son has a much larger penis than you do? Huh? And especially for your son as well. You know, six to seven. Five six, seven, years old. Five six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the 18th. And Verizon Marvel's son, just asking and passing. So when I hear the arrest of the story, it says also the, and now they have the bottom table, please don't much of what this came from I'll be in deep due to, but there's nowhere in the facts where you would know it. So I guess it's probably just as well because then I would be, wouldn't I be tempted. Huh? I never do it. If they say don't say it, I don't say it. Maybe it came from the Jamaica LMPC. Oh, and that's what it says on top from the Jamaican embassy and also which is West Plot right there on top. It says the Jamaicans have three levels of cursing. Bemma Klot is considered like the mildest like you jerk. Bemma Klot. Yeah, like Todd Jack. Bemma Klot. A blood plot is really his blood plot. Cot means clots. Somebody clots. They were talking about that grotesque stuff. Blood plot is a bit stronger, so I'm going to screw you. Blood plot. Last plot is the strongest and most likely to get you into a fight like calling somebody another effort or something like that. All of these things. Last plot. So very forms of clots. Yeah. There we are. Krissik. As in loin. Well, they're not snapping brushes. Do you make one the case you have an honest? All those I know just for. Yeah, well they can afford to. I mean, they're telling those expensive drugs. 560, 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Yeah, blah blah blah. Wireless line. Here's why I'm panning, hello. How about the blood, co-sure, co-sure plot? How about the blood, co-sure plot? How about the blood, co-ma? You know, when are you leading? When do you last day? Soon. When? What do you mean? I want to hear the whole show I just wanted to sort it. A video part? I want to talk. I want to just make sure I hear your whole show. Well, you keep us been for a couple of days because it's going to be very soon. Any day now? Listen, put your ear right to it. Okay. And the radio too. Yesterday, soon guy called about the fact that you worked 20 hours a week and that kind of announced you. Right. You're last full. I hope that. But when you're contract is up and you want to issue this side to come back, I hope you work the rest weeks and you actually have all and get normally. Because you deserve. I do. Right. If you guys are three times the money that you can just for talking to assholes like him, you're right. I think I know when I was driving home. I could believe that. Yeah. But if it's nobody in this market, it's in close to you. Right. So anyway, you need to work less and play on or have more vacation time. Oh, right. There you go. Okay. Put your ear on it. And the radio too. Yeah. It's just astonishing to me. This time it's got more of those kind of people like that pump that call yesterday. You okay with that? You were 20 hours. You making all that money and you only would like you to make it. Yeah. You making it. You're making too much money. You sound like a jealous pump to me. That kind of call yesterday. Like a jealous pump. I was just booked me by the way up there in an hour. That's what I've played for. I'm not having a pump. Maybe in the pond would be even better. 5. 5. 6. 7. 5. Just warm and radio up for that big horticune game from Omaha. And those great steak houses out there. There a bit of Omaha. I mean, even though I see I was skeptical. I did the Kings games five years on radio. One you on TV. The RTV. We didn't take it on the hall. Because I guess they didn't like about greasy out there. I came like that. Or it's just between the blind. But anyway. 5 years in a row. We went out there. We thought I guess that was the lucky charm. That's a lot of phrase you said. Maybe it was those drug dealers we had out there for the team. But anyway. First year we went out to that Omaha. That's going to be like a real star deep place. You know, so they really burnt first of all. They got X-star been the race track, which is, you know, not the most beautiful track in the world. But they say they pump a lot of money through their all those damn farmers. They come in there. They're pumping it. And that was okay. And then of course the steak houses all brother. Those were Mr. Sees and Kinniglio's. I'm trying to think all the things all the other joints. Those were good places. And the people there. Lovely. Just beautiful. Just all smooth hard bodies. I'm talking about smooth hard bodies. Yeah. And the men too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, only 18. To the kind of people like the, you know, you just want to reach out and grab. You know, you get smashed in the mouth. You want to reach out and grab a handful. You know what I mean? Grab a mouthful. Here's plantation. Hello. We are. You're a boss. You boy. Tell me now. All right. Here you go. Yeah. That was it. We got to Jamaica and go to the day, baby. Yeah. I know that church applies to me about one or clock. You know I'm a smell of cancer. Oh, brother. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. Cleo Junior. I'm calling him now. Call it like three reads in. Uh huh. It's Clemen Cleo. I want to like to make cool guy's names. I don't know about what like Joe. Joe Mama. Brian. Brian. That's a good Jamaican name. No, not sure. I mean like we know names like offer coolers and they charge you to like those offer cooler names. They have letters and thought club names. Uh like Anthony and Thomas. Oh, Anthony. And that's why I forgot to read the stingwish. Very extinguished. And the women that all talked down there and know and told us, you know, very, very condescending and very imperialistic kind of imperialist because they're British. And they're British were the most imperialistic back to the old time, right? They're a bunch of blood clots, blood clots, then British. Ross clon. You have you ever meet the queen? If you ever meet the old Liz, just walk right up to and say, Ross clon. And she'll do her little curchew whatever is her. We're supposed to curchew and then I'll get bitch. You know, the way we won't think of the queen was like the queen of unedilums. Who's just a figurehead queen Beatrice. She's a fan lady. She's great. She got a great sense of humor. She was out there in parties with the natives and the natives. She's at the person. But that freaking queen Elizabeth, you know, who are things or stuff don't stink. And the book that I read, the, what that was an name of that book by Chiddi, you know, I'm talking about the real family, Chiddi. Yeah, very good. It was Chiddi Kelly. But I read that, I don't know, few four years ago, back in those days, I was very fast and boggier, it's going to be after die croaked. She died over there. And that book was astonishing. And when Queen Elizabeth was young girl, she used to respect visitors to the world palace to curchie to her. Even though she was just like a little girl, just a punk. And the George, the god of the Elisabeth, was still working. Because she was going to be queen someday. Well, I'm a queen right now when people come in here, I don't respect they out of curchie to me. All of us is Todd Dreck. Next, you might have, last time, Todd Dreck comes in here. You tell them curchie me for the queen, okay? Or else, else he's out. After the rest of what is enough, you said about him off the ear. It's, it's not fit for, you know, how he's got that thing. You know, how he's got that piggy, let me story. About one from this morning. About the young. I forgot about the Jeff Cohen story. I'm not a story, but it's worth mentioning on the ear because George will be making the appearance of Pistol off the bar in IP between 6 and 8 PM. And just by coincidence, Rick and Susa later. Because they left him so much, they want to be there to give him all support for George's appearance. And the good news is that Pistol off doesn't sped it one dime to chief channel for this appearance. Are they? No. And the only deal is they per day agreed to provide pizza for us number of people and that said, but I've been at the Jeffwood and Waste his money on that thing. What do you mean? No, of course not. He called us more into like, beggar, forgive us. And we said, we'll think about it. And Wastplot by the way. What don't forget, when you go to Pistol off, down the way you get a great meal, they get a free Wastplot. And an analphing pencil vibrated. Yeah. Or you can imagine the combination you can do with those. I think first you use the vibrated and then the Wastplot. And it's not worth it. Yeah, you'll need it. Or just maybe a washcloth. Here's for a modern deal, huh? Hey, what's up there? Yes sir. Now you're kind of saying it too far. You have a slow-down blood clot. Blood clot. Blood clot, man. Rast clot. Rast clot. Exactly. Great. I like it. When you get to say it. Oh, bumble got Rast clot. I feel so Jamaica now. Maybe I went up on so Saturday. And then when you sit, you're like, which is a movie of blood clot. Oh, Rast clot. All right. Stay how to clear my mind. I'll write it. I don't like that. I don't know. I don't know. Jamaica and David this show. Thank God for that. We draw our supply with Dryup. So why don't we go over to your team. My drugs again for a few months. Yeah, I get another one of those taxes this morning. Very amusing. Very humorous. All these people just hyperventilating and all these and just imagine all this wild crap. Two guy may have heard from the hot case sex guy in a while. He's probably getting all worked up now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The guy would know life in Opeena. Spongebob, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Rast clot line. Mung. Yeah, he's right. You have to drag a Rast clot. Here's a mobile in Western Hill. Hello. Hello. How are you? All right. I've been listening to you for 10 years. I think you have to reference it. Yes, I am. I want to let you know my daughter's life school graduation was last night as the National Parliament. Right. And you are absolutely right. The acoustic felt terrible there. They're deafening. They're deafening. It's absolutely ridiculous. You couldn't understand what the thing said. Right. And then there's just a reddit. And you just be with someone. No photographs or videos during the graduation as well. And that was what I just wanted to mention. Earlier this week, you were talking and you made a comparison of how these goody with Frodo. And you're the characters on how to do it. And the one character you forgot to mention was the most important one with this Collegal. Oh, my God. Terrible look on. How could I forget that? Right. That was the one you did. But anyway, I want to let you a great comment. And I look forward to your game. Okay. Thanks a lot. I'm here. Now I should mention on Monday, September 10th, that's the day I'll be coming back. I just mentioned that in passing month. Because these people were with the finger. They weren't spending a single solitary dime for like a billboard and then the guy was a paper for like a, uh, I come in. People out on street corners like animals, boys people. Heading out leaflets. The overtakes Monday, September 10th from vacation. They'll be back. Or salespeople could do that. They're not doing anything. Yeah, well, they do that instead of running around crying. Those things are bad. They're killing me. They're coming at Todd's record. I'll push you. But Chapel, okay. Stop running around crying like El Martino when they got father. Okay, you idiot. Rumor has it around the building. He was in their whining with screw-annas this morning. Oh, gee. It's a good time. It's a good time. Call up your body over there to agency guy. Moving it, talking back on. What do you think? Oh. What's that guy's name? He said don't lift off to him. 26 past noon at 5. 60 WQAM on our Jamaica. Thursday. How's it? Monday. It's Blood Dog Day. I just got a tip on how to use some of these in a certain way. Oh, really? Like if it's really good, what you're smoking? Yeah. He said this is some good blood clot. Yeah, man. Alright. Hey, we're going to be smoking that on the ear tomorrow. And on our website. Hello. Hey, tell me. Get the over. I'm demon, man. What's that man? Be true, in to you. I don't know. You're the hippie, no good. On this go back to jail. Ah, ah, ah, ah. Now, we pay that other smooth man who checked your money. Oh, no. Let me tell you something, girl. You could have given that money to me. I'd do that, babe. And I am out of the intent. If you were that stupid, I would take the right chicken bones and touch her up the spirit of death, too long. I'm glad you're being so fine. Help me experience the benefit of your credit card reading and help subsidize the ever growing telemarketing industry that cater to the unimportant Negro for only 690-9 a second. I will tell you what you want to hear and less than you already know. Oh, no. To good place. So to the very bone at your local check-ashing store. And I'll 1-800. Hmm. Hmm. I'm kind of sure it's how you like American charges. Remember they would be Jamaican. How they get one. They go. Oh, what a surprise. Do they like your Charlie, should I grab one? No, God. A surprise. Things like that. Stand on three corners in the hall or across the intercession. No, be fun. Your typical Jamaican considers the American black will be ungrateful and not happy for what they've got. Shiflus. Free loading. You don't know what you got money. Dangerous, that's cool. Yeah. Well, I think that's someone actually. 5-6-7-0-5-60. 5-6-60 on the X-Turb. We'll be making those generalizations. But that's a lot of fine black folks out there. And like you keep saying, you keep working on the Omay Sunday OV-1. 5-5-5-60. 5-6-70-5-60. 5-6-60 on the 18-T and Verizon Wireless Line. Oh, God. You have an 89 votes. You know, I guess I said, you have a 91 votes already. This could be a record breaker today. But I'm out morning at 10 o'clock. We could have like 80 trillion votes on here. Two-by-the-bottom can hear us on our website. And by the way, if you're having problem hearing us on a website, call up your or your or your explainer too. Not. Just a little joke. We just did joke. Do not call George. He'll trace the call. He'll have some look at Brassie coming to your house and be you to a bloody Pope. We can't scream in, okay? And probably thanks to the rumors that we're hearing inside are being true. Probably somebody in engineering here at Scrooves around. And cut us off from our source that we were screaming on it. But that's okay because this gives our fellow more time to eat. And that's what I'm talking about. He's happy about that. Try to 91 votes. What do you want? What are these best describes present and bush? We've got again, which of these best describes El Presidente? You will read 112. Dumb 102. Alfredi Newman 91 out. See because of the time, I'll release the open mad magazine. That's still probably. Yes. Even though that guy died. Dumb Martin died and also Gaines was that his name? William Gaines. But didn't really like the dark. Dumb Martin died. Spire is his spy, I'll ask her. He was a different one. What do you mean? Dumb Martin didn't just spy with first spy. He did the people was really big feet. Oh. Who did spy versus spy? I forget. Oh. But anyway, they still publish mad magazine. But I don't think it's as an anasy. He used to be one of the sort kids growing up on everyone who was the musk. And Alfredi Newman was like, he was like, right next to how he's doing. In fact, you ever seen him tune together? Oh, I rest my chest. It used to be good. Yeah. No, it's sweet. Oh. That's because all those people died. Because the publisher William Gaines. He died. He's dead. Anyway, which of these best describes President Bush? Beholded 112. Dumb 102. Alfredi Newman 91. Strong leader 53 in confident 33. confident 33. confident 33. That's only 8.4%. And when he asked Strong leader in confident together, only a 22%. Which means 78% say he's a bosom. And of course, you know what bosom did he retired. So if you're a bosom, you're supposed to be tearing. That's the way we're here. Yeah. Think about it, Georgie. Think about it. No, not you. Think about it, Georgie. Georgie was a G. And the G, he's done. And dangerous. Here's the mother in vocalo. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing that? All right. By white book called me and took you a raffle for the hockey set. Yeah. This week. How long are you doing? So how's it going? Have you been here with Westwood Westland? No, you know. I don't want to go down. Maybe I gave you the wrong impression. Like I'm my guy. I'm my guy. We believe. We believe. Okay. But like you're so lucky. You can get to go to Amsterdam. And my friends going to Amsterdam. My course. I'm going to go. I told you because I was adopted. And all my papers are screwed up. And I can't even get a stamp passport. Oh, Jesus. So I'm, I'm, that's a well if you want to meet. I'm not sure about luck. But I don't know. I haven't been at you until I listen to you today. So I don't know exactly why you want to get to all of that. It's about the cut of I'm trying to. No. And I'm not over that. But well, my Jewish wife wanted me to tell you that. I am a cut. I am a barbarian. Oh, wow. She loves you. You were born in Italy? Yeah. Yeah. Not doctor. Much of them says there is. Yeah. You're right. You're absolutely right. Because I've got a study of it. And it's hard to find one. I don't know if I need it. Wow. So, but I want to tell you how we could time it answered them. And you're lucky back. You're saying I'm going to have some high-grade sexual ongoing. I hope you all get to the big party. No, not at all. Okay. Okay. Blood blood. Blood. I'm right. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? And did you really have a book? I'm going to probably like square-nature. Yeah. What if it's your making person really has a book? Then there are a year spent at a lot, aren't they? Walk into the doctor's office. What's your problem, man? Blood blood. Dr. Pulse, what about Bosecher Bringsa? Because he's tough dog. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 5, 6, 60. On the 18th, T. And for rise to my level. At least did your make coolings have a good set to you. I'll say that. Okay. Have a good set to you, man. Even though the women are very, very nasty. And imperialistic and condescending. Nasty. The woman I called before she was nice. The woman said the roscloth to George. Here's cool spring, hello. I'm a 22 year old white boy, so I think I worked with Jamaican ballad with high school. So I think I can add something to the curzing and Jamaican ballad. Okay. There are two other words that I would select the belief we're on the level or above. Rough cloud and round cloud. Which are blood, fire and blood seed. Now, if you say those really quickly, it's just as condescending as an insulting as a blood clot. Blood fire? Yeah, blood fire. Blood seed. Blood seed. Okay. And you're talking about Jamaican names? Uh-huh. To guide work with while I was in high school, whose name is Klyon. CLE-O-N. Ah, Klyon. There you go. So I just often mistaken for Klyon, but it's just Klyon. So there's that few words you make in the name I know. Okay, bro. Alright. You know, they get easy. Rock spot. Okay. Blood fire. Okay. So we're going to say a fast. We're going to be saying a fast. Now, who said this was in the guy named Educational Shore? I think this is spectacular. Here's the first day that kids were out of school in the county. And I already had a big good education. Because they got to be mingle. If you singly got a mingle, especially with a Jamaican because they got a good man. What's wrong with that? In fact, where the kids did that, keeping busy also. Congressman Hill Crane, the powerful order of the houseways, means committee recently brewed an asset to two-cut and cabinet members had a lesbian affair. Speaking, I wonder if his wife was involved in that. Speaking to a meeting of ill-election congressional delegation, which included Democrat Republicans and Speaker Dennis Hasterd, Crane reportedly named names and engaged in a monologue on the subject before an embarrassed Hasterd convinced Crane to stop. Crane is a long time conservative and ranked in president of the 1980. Lansing Hasterd, the lead from the house to dry out from alcohol abuse. The New York New York Post reported that attorney general Janet Reno and Donna Shalala, former HRS Secretary will bear the brunt of the rumors. Reno said before leading office that she finally taking a vacation with Shalala. Reno said the pair plan to drive a pickup truck across America and a parent reference to the lesbian team Louis Bellma and Louise. As it turned out, Reno never took the trip, but Shalala did move near Reno to Miami. He's removed to a Reno or to Miami. He moved near Reno to Miami, reached the post of president of Miami University. How do you like that? And a Canadian radio station has invited president Bush's twin daughters, fresh for mutants with Texas law over underage drinking. They had North for weekend of legalized boozing. And we were wrong with today. No, well, I mean we got a bum information because they don't have a standard drinking agent Canada. The drinking agent is province by province. They allowed them to set their own laws. Unlike here, where the federal government makes you an off-eat camera fuse, and Alberta is 18. Ontario's 19. Anyway, rock station 100.3 FM the beer in Edmonton has even offered to foot the bar tab and plant tickets for 19 year old college students, Jen and Barbara Bush. The legally adrycing agent of western province about bird as 18 in Texas of course, it's fainted you know. We're not pulling up their force one block cover that took a secret service can pay the wrong way to just tracking man model or 70 yesterday. We have a pub problem all mapped out. We have a presidential suite and non-named boat tower which is ready to go. The many bars will all be on lots of moral. We'll send it to the station in the middle of the station while we're at the end of the time show host Jake Daniels. It's said it's been so long. The Edmonton radio station has informed the White House of Entente station the first wins but as you have to get a response. The problem we say. Blood clot mine. Something like that. Is what they'll say. Also what about radio effect? These facts can be discussed about this story about don't take the pictures and graduation day. The contract of high school. It's a highly high graduation ceremony. It's a place of the director to take care of the eye. Good eye. You asshole. There's a lot of the people there with their kids too. So get that out of the way. It's a holding thing. Schools, restricting family photos of graduation. Cameras and jostling scenes as seen in hazards. It's said it went so on a waste day. Oh, good. Good. Start controlling these out of control parents. They're overzealous moon and six. And also like when they start with these braels and fights a little league and stuff like that. So they're asking jail for like about six years. They're a favorite for everybody. That's their kids grow up with doctor on the win points. Yeah, if you're just a guy, if you're a little kid's out there, if you're playing little league and you're parents start acting like a bunch of real assholes. Just turn them out to the nil. Bumblecloth. You're quick. That'll come in, don't. Here's Miami Hill. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo, yo. Yo, yo, yo. Yo. Yo. Uh, huh, y'all George. Okay, y'all, I'll just leave it as a fun door. Thanks man. All right. Okay, blah blah blah. I stayed still on the solace for making day here today. For make one day. Each year heard of all these parties out there. What about the Haitians? All the busy's going to the baseball's back up. It's sort of two-type last time. Now they did, they showed that the end baseball's two-type, which is why all these little guys are in like 75-all months now. They're going to just, just, also, I'm going to give them something to do again. So like, definitely, I have some busy work, even busy. Now what were you saying about Mach P4? What did you call him, Moza Ward? A bumma cloth. Isn't that what you said about Mach P4? I said nothing. That's exactly what you said. I said, what about Mach P4? How's he feel about this? He's a bumma cloth. Here's how it is, hello. You feel? Yes, I am. Yeah, I'm sure. I don't want to tell the sweet way to handle the man. Okay, well, I'm fine. But I like the picture to put it to rest. Good job. Put your desk. Put the desk. That's the African American. The penis size is so much larger than the white guy. Really? You might have two? No, I have two very dear doctors or your lawagers. And the reason is that they appear to have a longer thing down than we do, is they have no poop with hair. Black people have no cubic hair? No cubic hair. They have no winglets. Ringlets. And that's the only determination I could use. And number two. How about pig tails? Well, no pig tails be too long. Okay. That'd be too long. Number two. Here's one of the natural, I mean, what is the native tongue of the species? The native tongue? The native tongue? Yes, the native tongue. The native tongue is an English. No, it's duck. We're not a smart one. So let me say it again. Dutch. The Marcus Danish. We'd miss Swedish. Oh, okay. The only two countries I know that don't have their own language in Europe are switch a little bit of Belgium. Yeah. Oh, my God. I think that back Belgium they do speak plummish in part of the country. Part of it they speak French and Parties speak Dutch. But they have a lot of flim from all that cheese and chocolate. Yeah. But somebody asked me not, I just couldn't give them a name. That's right. I mean, all meal, meal, meals. That's not how they do it. Okay, that's the way. Okay. All right. Let's go. Do it. 565.0550. 565. On the 18th. Verizon Wireless One. One language they speak in Switzerland. Sherman, Italian, French. All of these things. English. Never been to Switzerland. They come here for a few hundred-y boring, very, very boring Geneva. Um, burn. Uh, let's see the other way to Switzerland. Come on, George. What do I say in the eye? Geneva's Switzerland and what's the other big city? I see. Now that I'm in Paris by this. This is terrible because I'm like supposed to know something. I'm supposed to know Switzerland. Geneva. The Pague. Canndague. Oh, my one. Jessica. What's the other guy there in big city and Switzerland for quite a lot? I'm super happy. This is really embarrassing. Well, don't worry about it. You're in a mirror for a day or even a window. Canndague is. So I'm safe. See, I am just, I mean, well, okay, forgive us. Oh, it's been going to Davy. It was the mother of the Lionel tape was on his morning on CBS and an awful morning sure there's. And it said, I'm going to, when I was showing the screen where they are, it said Davies Florida. Davies Florida. That CBS, the Wichitae. Here's Davy, hello. Where's Davies? Where's Davies? Uh, first of all, I wrestled. And I was lucky enough to be in a locker and make it with a lot of black eyes. Uh huh. And um, now were there any straight guys on the right side team? Uh, there's a couple of one who basically have gay while we ruffle, but. I bet. I'm never gay anyway. I think there's a few that's definitely on down the knee. Yeah, that's ridiculous. Yeah, that's what I wanted to go with that fully long. I'd like people, that's why they run so fast. Yeah. And Jordan. Uh huh. Back on blinds, it's open to that one, but obviously. No, yeah. I'm 25, no, no. Back on the 10th because you're going to be in a good position. Um, because you're going to miss um, the source magazine's 30 and the way to pop a word. Now I know that August, though, I'm talking about it. Yeah, that's actually a lot of people. Even though it's supposed to be a big secret, life's your past city and they had brought them cancel and right. That's what we need here. Oh, right. Is that city in Switzerland, basically? No, but that is that is one of them. Yeah. No, that big city, the two big cities, one of them is a Geneva, and the other one is. Huh? To be kidding? To be kidding, that's what's going on. Yeah. Yes sir. Um, I'm not going to put them on. Okay, go rest with them. These rest were with this conscience. What is the other big city? What if I go as wrong with me? Uh, uh, great. I can start naming off European cities that that I know where they are. Is barred one of them? No, bonnets in Germany. Say, I don't know from your Europeans. Well, names are more cities. Hello? I'm done. Oh, yeah. Okay, here's the German, the European experts. Bonn. So that can be a really good place for you. That's what those videos I showed you. That's what I was in another. Five, six, seven. I'm very disturbed. I mean, it's so obvious. It's just, uh, humiliating and degrading. Somebody will factor the rest on me now. So, she's this. What does wrong with you? But on a side under mine. Because I never have ever been there. And I'm based on what I'm doing. Oh, thank you. She thought I mean how embarrassing that is. Zurich. By the way. You make an accident on the first day of the conference. Oh, no, no, no, no. You make a movie. Do you love it on us today, mine? Yeah, blood fine. Blood seed. Motivation. Right? Yeah, okay. Zurich. Gee, am I? Am I? Am I? Yeah, I am. I'm at it. Here's another rage, huh? Welcome, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? All right. I'm going to go. I'm going to use the wish of this time saved trade. Thank you. Would you like to have lunch? Thank you, though. If he's possible, I'd like to make a request. Yes, sir. I'm going to call my friend. They were not getting anybody to call his friend. Today's my good friend. I built Kinder's birthday in 65. And I will let you go. Thank you. I would like to request a phone for him. Okay. This guy's a big smoker. So this will be, don't put out that join my friend. Is that an answer? Yes. Don't blow the art. Oh, don't blow them. Don't blow them like that. So they're like this, right? Oh, no, no, no, no. What I'll do is buy 60 WK. So Carlos is a bitch today, huh? I'll watch you today being there and get for many other day. She's acting really bitchy today. Old Carlos, are you a sectionant? I just maybe get a rough morning on Paul of 90's to get a question up. Did someone leave a bit? Let me in a bit, okay? You go get a haircut. I wouldn't pee on the best part of that. So anyway, here's some good stuff we got from Phil and busted up clothing. Some peasures. Scourgework? It says since I'm always showing the phrase bust and not on your program. Oh, by the way, Miguel, go tell Carlos, she's a bitch. Anyway, since I'm always showing the phrase bust and not on your program, I thought it would be appropriate to send you a couple of shirts for yourself and George. On the honor of this shirt company, which is been around for a few months. Now if you like the shirts and you think they could help out your shirt in some way, give me ring otherwise they'll say, says, feel the card busted out clothing. I'm sure someone who enjoys baby blue will enjoy this shirt. I'll let you get the car, okay? Let's stick it out of his back door. We just in his, you know, thanks for all. These are great. Thanks a lot Phil, busted up clothing, which is almost like Bambaclad. And it's got a big coconut on the front. And of course, the coconut is like split open and there's like, uh, the coconut on the floor. Or it's like coconut milk, scorch, scorch, or a drip and on. When it down, it's dripping out. There you go, Miguel. Bustin' on. My wife will love it. Will you? So keep tracking this. Don't tell me that thing there and leave this plane or I'll kill you. You've got your car. Yeah. And we can do this when we do the big thing in the fall. You'll find it started coming back. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and T. And for once and for all of us, fine. Thanks again Phil. This is perfect. I'm going to wear this like all over the place. When this be greater than I'm sure I'm. Or you could use it as a rough plot. Yeah. Or a Bambaclad. Give on the stuff he could, it could be his Bambaclad. I guarantee I'll be the only one with a bust of our teacher and I'm stupid. Yeah, I'm going to be going to wear it over there. I'm pouring on the plane. Here's a mobile and Del Rey B, shall I? That's the lot. Yes, speaking. You know what thing? What is it? How are you? Yes, speaking, I'm speaking, wish. Well, I have a Jamaican work in front of me. Yeah, here's that. Yeah, man. And he had a great name. His name was Bunny, Bramwell. Bunny. Bunny has a bunny rabbit. And he's a Tommy alter to different words and blood seed was one of them. But the other one was rectum. It means the same thing. rectum. I guess so. rectum. How? It then they're children. Yeah. Yeah. Anyhow. Is it true that the bird died? Yeah, he died. That's that. And what ever is quite a lot of old man months ago? He died. Yeah. I was away. He's dead. He's still dead. He's dead. How about day's to breathe? Now he's still alive. He's still alive. Hang around. Yeah. Well, I was one of your chronics back before when he was called the bird. Right. And day to breathe it was Captain Dave. And I've been wondering if I could have a puppy about ten years. Oh, wow. Hey, I'll see you about ten more years. Okay, man. How did they kind of answer Donald? Number five. How about? Obviously. Five six seven, five sixty, five sixty on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Plan got a lot of votes on it. And what's that for more good stuff? Yeah, let's give a whole bunch of good stuff and you'll be far away. Because this is a great thing to wear on the plane. What do you think this would be classy? If I'm wearing this on the plane, at least I'll stay there all the way from me. I'll guarantee you that. 449 votes are enjoyed by who lives on one o'clock. This is shocking. This is amazing. Two men, all those people can't listen to us on our website. Don't get nervous, Eric. Just keep eating. With both hands. Which of these best describes El President? They president Bush. We asked today. Because he's on this worldwide tour of now, which is even bigger than Michael Jackson's worldwide tour. And we wanted to find out what you'd be thinking. Be wooered. Is reading the group so far? Which have to know that's not too bad. Be wooered. Like, eh. 132 that do in our life's left that he always gives us. Don, 116, in other words he put the B in Don as in Bush. Alfredi Newman 105. She has soon started not in Bush. Miguel L'Unbrisch, he got through the work. Pippa. He loves Bush. Don, 116, Alfredi Newman 105. Strong leader, 55, half an early 37. Only 30. And you know what I'm saying? That sounds like, well, I think of what I think of El President. I see what that would be. What did you and Ed like? Look at his foot. Yeah, that sounds like him. What we're thinking is great. We think more along the lines of, eh. Like that. But we think about President Ely think. Oh, that one. And by the way, when you see Rick and Susi, you're a parent's son, I thank him very much for that. Okay. Be sure and thank him for that. I'm sure we're going to be delighted to see you tomorrow, right? In fact, our guarantee will probably get some people out there now. George is going to be there at the pizza last six days. PM tomorrow night. Now, let's see one more that we're hearing about. Rick and Susi give him a lot of free food. Everybody that shows up. Is that the room that we're starting? I don't want to screw up that whole thing here. Why did Tony tell us? Free food for the first 50,000 people or something like that. And I didn't say that. Something about food for 100 people, pieces for 100 people. I must be the cheat channel people that they're trying to feed because they get paid so little over there at the cheat channel. Oh, yeah. How old people are there like once a day away from welfare? One good thing for the cheat channel people is that they're right down the road. Blood just like us from the homeless voice crowd. When I found the street corner there, and I found a county line road in 441. Holy. When I carry my car, you can hear a doctor's duty. And if my kill was not you, then all the fans on it. I went all loose. That the door knife had to cut by. Who cares what's green gold baby. When you're so miserable, and life is dead for now, Rick is the way to do it. Well, there's Jorge and Orlando and Julio, who's hot slow, pretty good. In the arena you can see the pecorino rules growing stiff as a block of wood. We use hot fighting as an elephant to cover what we do inside. dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw, dryer saw.Y, make the curtain all the munch ofjocaz guys,ers are giving a week huge fan Exactly it's a huge fan like reality brown eye. We go to the... Where do our subredators and lives and barbaric is the way to be? Whoa, that's a good night, that's a good night Who cares what we go to be? The rest is not running to you Well, I have to tell you, to go, we had a cause As soon as you went in the entrance This is the reason I hate these Yes, I'm the only one in the entrance The door to go in the entrance He's staying here feeling coughed and got it all over you You know, he was 18, isn't it? Oh, man, are you serious? He waited, so which one came in the milk But once she ate it the most And she left like that That's a smart cow I knew it I knew it I have a lesson to learn the rules I got a dump That was cute though Bumblecloth Was what she said, something like that we had a dump At 114 and 5-16 That's sexual You got a bunch of facts to say One of them I can't read it all But thanks for very much Something about Bush being a moron Here's one of the things I've been looking for Since I was a fetus, I'm 38 I'm too embarrassed to call you Because I don't have much to say Well join a club, sir Man whoever you are, oh it's a guy For a small penis It says I didn't have the honor of building me Some young guys who took a couple of times I met you a piece of love when they were in Dave County I'm interested to make it a drink called Irish Moth It puts blood in the pestle, makes you feel I remind Okay You're in an audio keeps getting interrupted by the National Weather Service broadcast Don't tell George I just want to say have a nice trip I'll miss you, you're truly agey, PSI was 12 penis I want to talk much I said Agey Here's a whole thing, a whole package It doesn't like it in a good package From Billy Frederick, who is the penis Can I say penis on it? Oh, it plays the piano At the Shulestec house over on which one? On the beach and for a lot of deal And as the 90th and the other three dinner George Which I'm sure you're over in the sun I didn't even know they had a Shulest on the beach And for a lot of day, honey like that See if we were like really taking care of well Which we're not, we're abused We have to like spend for ourselves We're taking care of, we'd be invited to Shulest all the time for freebies When we, since it's uh, we can prank as always doing the show over there It's one of our fine stuff But the right to the people are probably using up all the script And the trade on all the time We've never, have we ever been invited there? Shulest? Never No, I work with the next people to be Mike from Nick's to the film Oh, I'm talking about like from inside here No, no And what kind of are we chopped liver? Something like that? The brains don't love me It was great by the way Because he doesn't understand what that means I'm gonna get it, yeah But anyway, here's this long thing And here's a picture of cannabis cafe And Amsterdam And there's a big sign on front of Canada The cannabis cafe Well, there's the Amstil beer sign And there's the sign where the time is supposed to be But the sign, time always says, 420 How do you like that? And I bet you this wasn't empty when it came here This little tube It was, no it was that It was It was It says the cannabis cafe had 420 on the sign out for Oh, he was going to call him Queen's Day in April The F.D. on the business card is Frank Zappa Good beard, great board and Zappa The plastic tube, you're having these placed packages Join and here he is attached to his tape And empty Release the empty by the time it gets to me And empty little plastic tube On the 1st page of this thing The envelope was sealed It hadn't been here for the way And if there had been anything else Oh yeah, I believe it It would be hanging from my left right now Bumbleclot It says I'm a singer and penis At she was on the beaten 4-large del You guys are unattended for me all the day We are not by Georgian against an eel The guest I did a ritual is my guest I perform several of the M.R.V. Not except 2-2-1 day Well how can the guy that stayed penis Oh he's going to pick up the tab we could do That could be Or maybe he'll get us a freebie Maybe we have to, you know, get the panel player He'll get us a freebie at she was That's pretty embarrassing for this place No, so embarrassing I wouldn't take it Oh I mean here Because I hear this takes pretty damn good No words crisp, but pretty good As police call me he's got a phone number I've said I went so on and he says X Catholic Billy Trevor And here's the menu even puts the menu on there From sure, I'll put this all together for you Including even the picture That tube will come in handy by the way And here's a few companies to conclude including He says, bornlkey the first time As opposed to born again Bornlkey the first time I don't like that As opposed to these born again assholes Born again I arrived Frame lost idiots The cannabis can't pay you look at that Or it makes me feel like I'm almost right Your home there, look at that picture Did you look at this? Yes Popster music You know that? I'm looking at the streets Or the born steve Or the born steve I don't know most of the streets Because they all have names that are impossible But I'm looking at the surroundings There and there's the popster music Which I think is on new and dark I do believe I think that's where that is So anyway, thank you very much Billy And we'll take you upon your offer and we'll You know sit around and do something Shoot the tube 560560 560 on the AT&T and Verizon It says New York and here's a YMI do we assault Hello? Yes sir Yes Definitely Okay I don't want to change the subject But sounds like you might No, after this thing I joined the net I survived your a horse-racking track Kind of horses Yeah I perhaps used a waist dollar tube Yeah, I'm tired Uh-huh It won't time my night black good College Uh-huh I don't think about it as I realized That nobody else down here So we don't discuss it on the year sir Because it would put everybody to come up But call up tank and maybe you can help you up with that guy The old guy that called him yesterday They real boring old guy But guy that was on with the 75 years old I kept behind trying to come up I was like, you're really going to give him a bad ride There's nothing worse than some old part that comes on here Vision because somebody across the money You know he didn't catch it to get it to track Okay That would be a somebody coming on here in Bichon and Beliacon That arm roll russia broke 85 times during the race with the money And it's even less than that Especially shortly after the start when he reached But he got up over the rail to get the lead And then judges never put up the inquiry And they made it official But she should have gotten taken down And also paced through a part of the stretch But there were two to the least leaping I mean does anybody care about that? Go put the talking about boring stuff Okay And all you produce is that put those old race track For these armed with tank Those guys should be shot They really should I think he's got a real legitimate beef About having a what's his name I think they're taking off their horses name Mark Eisenberg taking away They try to boost up that money Sure Just try to be the skate coat for those money guys They'd put you guys guy in the adju I think he's got a good point about all of Mark's do the same thing They always put those old fossils on there Those old parts talking race track dog You may have professionally arrived by Do you remember the little guy would have mustache A little judge with a mustache Yeah people are really interested in hearing that Aren't they not? No they're not Red cloud money That's what I have to say about that Those kind of calls But fire Yeah call up Dick finds that Dick uh one of her name is fineberg Or what did it pump in a park You should have given this number Dick find the visiting of the Houtami women That's not pretty embarrassed about that That is really In fact the name of the horse time he went out I think I gave him the wrong name was true valley I believe were all valley simple like that Deep in the valley Tommy went as like 175 years old and A lot of the time Like his bruise Here's a mubble in Miami Hello Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good Leo put me down for after the Newman Yeah I don't know how they like should see my next renabern Just with them had some treats We put down a line and put down branch and knock down the power line Oh my god So what can I say? I'd roll them into right now And you know across the uh my spot I'm not the window Ah The reason I wanted to call is You all want to ask you I think about going to Toronto some of Yeah How did up there in August? Hot Hot down What do you know about it? Yeah, I wanted to know about it It's cooler up there No No, it's hot as hell How about the was that up there What do you want to be an August? Well no, I'm looking to get out They can get down here I don't want forget about that Yeah, I just want to keep caught I think I'm going there for a main But Go to main Yeah, that's what I guess I'll have to That's why I just wanted to ask you And I grew up in the mountains or to a banger Oh, yeah, right Get some lobster for you Stop it I had to uh I already gave her a place at the um And so I guess man I'm gonna ask adventure carhouse Okay Not there anymore but it would be dangerous to work Every time Don't go to Toronto in August Unless you want to And of course most of the people are away anyway They're up there in college country, eh You know what college country is? No 560, 560, 560, 560, 880 And the rice marbles fly Here's Delray Beach Delray Beach Yes sir Are you doing? All right All right, man To be out too Yum Yeah Yum I used to live in the Bahamas And I used to call you a lot Yeah I know I live in the Bahamas And now you're in Delray, what you're moving up baby Yeah, leave it up there And other old people on me I'm not okay, we should not be in the Bahamas They're not as great robbering Bahannians The banner thingy, I'm not afraid of that Oh you're from Trimidad Trimidad Next one we love our Trimidad games Yeah, Leo, we had it I wanted to go to a hockey game What's the best thing to do when I'm going to a hockey game this year? Next, did you? What's the best thing to do? Yeah Probably get you in the car, get you some tickets And show up there at the arena Walk into front door Sit you right down in the scene And you're about 20 or 30 years now Good time That's probably the best way to do it That's the way I attack the hockey game I can't drink Well like I said, get to some die token I have a good time and one of those big pretzels that you want All right, you need to help yourself, law, if you can Thank you, I'll see you there, man I'll see you back again, okay, Baba Bring your fucking Why do I keep like, look at them just two, there's nothing in it Georgian sister would not be out of car Her son was retaped to the front page, but five six seven Oh five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T That's okay, I got my own You know I got these in the hood See how, well the way you do it is you think everybody out You put a bit here and you put the cigar labels on They think they're really a little cigar Are they a little cigar? No, no They're just a few little numbers from the hood Is what they are I get them right up here right next to trucks What are you laughing about running to the barbershop That you misexit, you make one barbershop or whatever that says that Yeah, and that's you Five six seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T And if I had some balls I'd like it up here too You know, with this non-spoken craft in here I'm getting really no lessons about this Not that I like smoking cigarettes which I don't smoke at those faggots I deal with my own faggots, but it's just I'm tired of that craft That the intolerant drug which is an additional which there's such fun Because I'm crapping here and here I got it again a little bit today from sitting this room I can't enter this morning feeling as it is in times better I can't enter and I just get a little bit better I'm in the inking those whites, I'm inking it all I can And the awaits too And I'm feeling pretty good And then after a couple hours all of a sudden I get the scratchy throwing you realize it's this place again It's disgusting, unfit to breathe in I live in the joint, it's disgusting Nice going there Greg, you should know how to put a good dump together, baby Well, we'll still take the money Here's a mother in pop in a hello Yeah, yeah I love you Let me ask you a couple questions Yeah, I'm going to Four people start to talk, yes Hello I think you should have a poll to find out The things that George is very quiet every time When you're talking about maybe not coming back in the fall Yeah It seems like he gets very quiet because maybe his days are numbered I don't know what's going on Well, what do you mean his days are numbered? What is that? I don't know what the situation is Yeah, like today's the 14th and tomorrow's the 15th There's his day right He's not going anywhere Okay, but you know if you were to leave Yeah Would they would they offer him something in the day They'd offer him a hand sandwich and they would show him to the door right Okay, and then I'm going to Montreal There's something A family I told him He's a family He's a family I'm a left-hand lady But I write a lecture on going 25 miles an hour Okay, good job Don't pay back Okay Where's the good place? I didn't ask you this I've never been up to Canada But I've got a couple kids I'm aware that I just want to find out I've never been in Montreal I have no idea Just go to St. Catherine's Street Look for the big gill those in the windows That's what that one guy told me I don't know, I've never been to Montreal Too many fogged there Okay Have a good time Have a good summer And we'll see you in the fall Thanks very much Joyboy Wow, what was that? Huh? He said something about Bumblecloth Yeah, check out Bumblecloth's Street Right next to the Kitty Quarter St. Catherine Street Montreal, I don't know, nothing about Montreal And they're moving out of there in droves They're moving out of there Anybody who speaks speaking English They're moving out there by the thousand Anybody have a heart or a liver Anybody have a heart or a liver P participar of the witch Young man, all the whole for a civilian zien she has transient Two supportive oes A pe Swamiabhadra All the evilForbucal These brothers, They tell the good bo stone We did our duty I don't go wild We areosars ve from No, I'm not a hearing Speak in We areosans They call me Which Medicine Person God And just when you go home and go home There's a woman Some people don't have any friends They're all men who speak in the name Some people don't have any friends They don't speak in the name Some people don't have any friends Some people don't have any friends I'm a president of the school And I don't care what it is You're going to meet the guy who's going to call If we're too old and old, what do you want to do You and I are going to be We've got a great leader We're president of the school We're president of the school We're president of the school We're president of the school We're president of the school We're president of the school We're president of the school We're president of the school We're president of the school We've got 486 votes That is shocking In fact, shocking 139 say, the world is 277 say, dumb 116, Alfred E. Newman Strong leader 64 Confident 43 That's the way he shows Trump Not too good so far Maybe we'll make it come back for you later So here's a fact Neil God We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted We'll be targeted but we'll do whatever y So we'll bring it here And up here from here Or parlor We'll leave We'll also do whatever And throughout my view We've explored the project Our goal is to fill the next project and especially cheese We had could dont move To make sure we have one Free There's some exclusive What many GREG s Call someone mail and mail and Over some time and it's all in fraud and restaurants and food lovers paradise at 14-20 on Amor Street. I don't know much of crap about my way all So there you go, she's a good luck you and don't ever tell me about that crap again Never been you when my gonna come back. Yeah, how about Thomas Ryan's your ex-whits on the nail is there a good place we can stay there? So here's the fact that says I would like to be quite that slow through doing this for all my pot smoking glass plots Also the guy the co-erolian said yeah, your body boy called me now that was classic man even if you had even if He had you squeezing it or he had I can't I can't make this I didn't go here This guy so was like a car if you can't you got to make that a drop for the show. We're gonna make that a drop for the show He says you got to make that one room. What it was? Yeah, when I said yeah, your body boy you were I'd do something. They did you were So DO NOT DO to do T I'm so proud that we're so glad to hear that. And both two judge, they're noisy, and they're not too judge, they're nice. I'm so proud that we're so glad to hear that. And they're not too judge, they're nice. They're noisy, they're noisy, they're nice. They're so proud that we're so glad to hear that. And they're always kind of old. And I'm so proud that we're so glad to hear that. And they're not too old. I'm so proud that we're so glad to hear that. And they're not too old. I'm so proud that we're so glad to hear that. And they're not too old. I'm so proud that we're so glad to hear that. And they're not too old. And they're not too old. But we're so glad to hear that. We're so glad to hear that. And they're always kind of old. And they're not too old. And they're not too old. And they're not too old. And they're always kind of old. And they're really careful. Oh, right! They're definitely what the strip coach is. Who the heck should we board for? We won't WON G btn streets! But the strip Washington picked up an iced car. Which is a time to signing in public agreement to maintain this world. That comes through. So more people do. That's a concept. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song. I hope you enjoy the song! I'm a drag, on what's left in my mouth I'm just so sick and ill That's why I hope to be on a plane, you're a friend I hope to be on a plane, I hope to be on a plane I hope to be on a plane, you're a friend I hope to be on a plane, you're a friend I hope to be on a plane, you're a friend I hope to be on a plane, you're a friend I hope to be on a plane, you're a friend One of my 1225s, 50W trim, no hang today I hang out with the track wait for a source to unplug against Gutsa He's out there because he's got to be there I've heard him baseball from Omaha Most of you don't have any cost about Omaha, and his breaks stay down And what a great time of this It's okay, for a mid-western y'all who plays like that I don't tell you why I paid for the fact that I've cheated this judge Well no, when the fact is that a paper comes up and covers up my computer screen I'm in France, my ass Bush aide with Intel stock, me with executives pushing merger Or is that merger talking? That's the buzz on the street That's the buzz on the street, that's the buzz on the street 145, it's 560W trim, we're getting pretty close You know what's smell at hurricane pregame show, okay? Smell it? It's the better the corrosion hallway 560, 560, pound, eat this smell good I'll say that he smells like lilac 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One Many open lines 15 minutes to kill They think we can make it chill too Pretty unlikely Here's a model in summer I'd tell Hey, yeah, sure Are you doing man? We're having a good one We're having a good one We're having a good one Vivian, yeah Well I wouldn't be a runner-man, tell that in public, man All right, man, you know what you're doing for the Jamaican community Yeah, it's a mid-western man, you're doing good for the right Yeah, coming from a true maker, you know what I mean? You been, man Hey, get what I just had to lunch, man Corey goes A big ol' grass, a coconut juice Hey, got to go find a big one now Hey, go maybe go bust it up, man Okay Okay All right, man, man How's the brief? Keep up with the deal with it Sorry, guys, I... What time is he talking about? First Jamaicans made a business This is all Jamaican, they did it Everybody thought this was a flag day And it turned out to be Jamaicaunday Now what's the Jamaican flag? Is that the green one? Green flag could be yellow triangle Yeah, we see a lot of those around Ah, yeah What do you mean by that? Well, here? No, but I thought that's right No, it doesn't just here, I see them all over the place Mom? Lots of Jamaican flags Which of course, when they got one of those hanging in their credit Means if they got some good crap for themselves, and which myth? Well, you know, you got to advertise Got to be a little bit creative Look people know because naturally Yeah, man Everything has to be done subversion This country because of the law And enforcement people are hypocrites In fact, they're probably the best customers If you ask me So we have to do everything like under cover And I really just got to be sub-brose Because America's got laws against everything, you know We got to check what you're smoking in our mind When surprised me if I walked out of the door I was wondering if they're going to have to check out what I was smoking here Huh? These smell pretty good In fact, they also make these little cigars They smell like orange from orange And they go They're close specials So these are Tateana Well, I said Tateana Can't say Tateana Talked down, played with cigarettes, sharing no less Thanks a lot, Derek These be the best Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello Hey, what's going on in the eyes? Okay Long time listener Man, we listen to you all here Every single day per lunch and we have a great time left Nice work Listen, but are you feeling that acting tight? Ah, yeah, for a few hours here If you're hours there I know that it's between feeding I need to do something How do you get started on that again? If you actually go to a bookstore and buy some books Or is there a talk to that special? Yeah, you had to buy a book The Actions of a Diary Evolution You got to buy a book Diary Evolution is called Yeah Okay Okay I know you don't want to do that But believe because a lot of people ask me Like I'm going to tell them on a video in two minutes You got to buy the book and read it And give it a try No after effects for your anything I mean, it's a fool fact Does it work for you? Ah, yeah, if you stay on it You know, it all depends on what your thing is I mean, if you're in the eating like a lot of starches and pasta and sugar and candy It's not going to work because you can't do that But you can eat steaks and lobster and butter and sour cream and stuff like that Okay Just square it around here Got a call You know what I'm saying? Let me tell you, I'm shaking tired of this guy This guy is what a slant call A woman more roguer His name is Jim Rome He's got a beautiful big assholes around this world He's an asshole He's an incredible asshole Maybe I'd drop something Because I'm ready to assign something about a 10 year old high school A grade school kid middle school kid who's getting too many blow jobs Have a great day and go Hey, take your buddy My buddy, maybe not enough that might be a Hey, just like a little kid on the radio Terrible Romey Or I suppose say that because we got this sports fraternity going on here I'm like kissing to disaster I mean, like even people like to stock in all my god Jesus, holy crap And then of course he's always Which reminds me, oh, no one I would like a good mood And you wanted to watch because I forgot that he was going to be on the staff You know In the middle of the day, I can Mortus Rick Mortus I always did for that not to By far Asck Beyond the day He care This day I've gone to meet my maker To have credit card ready and call One eight hundred kid ever That's one eight hundred kid ever Order today before it's cooling Mips it's too late MTV presents Ninage nails on plug I want to You like it animal Damn it's not us And then the alcohol went up Oh, gee, what's going on? They all open the door looking very concerned Like there's a forest fire going on Just because there's my old puff of smoke I've heard that Brian looked at the That the cigar from next to the foot on the square I know he just went up because I didn't have a lighter Would be that day You can't light it with a cigar You really can't light it cigar with a car So he was kind of up to light it for me And it's like like a matter of 30 seconds From here to the elevator When on the days when it's working Down to the main floor to get to the car And right there open it Oh gee, what's going on? Yeah somebody was smoking a hero Double I'm a church, I believe you, Jesus, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, I'm so sorry to be here with you. You're the one who's been here for a long time. You're the one who's been here for a long time. You're the one who's been here for a long time. You're the one who's been here for a long time. You're the one who's been here for a long time. You're the one who's been here for a long time. You're the one who's been here for a long time. You're the one who's been here for a long time. You're the one who's been here for a long time. You're the one who's been here for a long time. You're the one who's been here for a long time. You're the one who's been here for a long time. You're the man you're making guys today. For example, if you want to get along with everybody else don't become a police have for coolant names. It's traditional things like the Combat the Coolents and that stuff. Come up with a video. Would be good. It's a good man-ling name. Viveen. And then we'll be good. That's my new name. I thought that was a pretty good name. And. Bumma. But, next time, when he comes to them, I might. And Bumma. It's your better than moth. We thank. When are you sure we're going to check that I'm going to look around for the home. They didn't turn up to the forl president. Oh, turn out really negative to it really bad boy. You're a hard bunch I mean, he's only been there like what? Let's see. Chamefeir mario, boom, and you like not even five months yet And all the way there turning on all like a like a rap like a worm Which of these best describes president Bush? Be will it 100 we got the 525 votes by the way, which is other than Alien that's like a record In a oh, he just during the show 125 that is a story Why do they want to know why is because most of the people who are married would be looking on the net they figured why not just vote because we can't read anyone right? They can't hear it. Oh, sorry about that Eric by the way. Have another sandwich don't lie to me. He sandwiches anybody that fat each anything Anyway, be what? 152 dumb 135 after you knew one hundred twenty six that was my vote Strong leader only 69 and Confident 43 not overwhelming in fact the opposite 21.2 which means that the 79% say basically He's an ass and we're pretty embarrassed and we're hanging on for your life Speaking of hanging on for your life now comes the excitement baby Here's the moment you've been waiting for you hope that Terrific guy isn't involved in this because if he is I'm gonna have to turn in those CDs real fast. You think he's gonna be on? Oh, God, I don't want to start getting sick right here on the air Trovit Thank you