Why don't you go home? Why don't you go home? There they don't go home No home and we go home on home I'm really a lazy look They're giving away three SNH green cards Can I have one? Who's going to eat? I'm going to go home Why don't you go home? You're going to go home I thought there was a rescue mission When it was a raid It was a raid Look out That's all you need to do Now that I look back on it See the first thing I thought was what A waste of time because it was much to do But nothing which is what I said Was it much to do? Yeah but It sure was a lot of fun Seeing some people would say All you're wrong about that look how divisive it was Well, what's to be divisive here did it change anything? Don't repeat. Didn't the people hate each other here the same before and after Yeah, sure They hate each other the Cubans and the Engos and the Shfarts Isn't the Jamaicans and all of these things Police with some fun Lead no seriously at least there was some adrenaline flowing here There was almost a pulse Now that it was very embarrassing Hey embarrassing how about the election Were used to that you know that the do it goes with the territory We live in San Florida and the rest of the Minisarminal name Look at us we were here QAM And nothing can embarrass us Even Todd Drek or sales guy just in here Well he we've got certifiably crazy people in this building We really do I keep accusing them of being on drugs They don't need any drugs. They're just crazy people So let's talk about alien today. What do you say? Good morning. Not come on How's that pull from yesterday before we talk about well the most important thing of course the NFL draft Seriously if there's any form speaking of mental illness The NFL draft is the epitome of it And I was just thinking during the open for the show did we have an open during what was supposed to be the open of the show I was just thinking Usually I time a vacation so that during the NFL draft I'm not here middle of April this year I blew it So to speak And I'm here for the thing that I detest the most and that is not to draft itself But the the sickness that arose is we were saying that back at IOD it was obnoxious Disgusting we used to bitch about the fact that they went nuts over it And wasted much too much time and energy and a big solid advance that was child's play compared to here I your sports nerd station So we'll even do a pull on the NFL draft to see how much interest in people are out there I know it sure makes for a very very interesting conversation on our sports shows here not Wow I mean you talk about diving for that radio doll Well, let me think about that kid from PRA I think they're gonna start taking him in the 84th round or what Yeah, I think that bearers might have an interest How about that pull from me as today? If they televised Timothy McVease execution on the internet when you watch Oh, it's picking up the internet the reason we keep losing our internet connection every day here according to Bob Vermouth Is that too many people inside the building here who aren't supposed to be dickened with it are dickened with it and the internet too And when too many people get on the they overloaded and then they crash out and then nobody's got it So those of us on the year we lose it So if we lose it again today our internet connection we're gonna know who to start pointing fingers at like Mark Eisenberg, okay? I'm sure he's responsible for it and still gots yeah And once they put him behind bars you won't have any of the us to buy drugs from you, it's too God. He's on the list So here's that pull question from yesterday if they televised Timothy McVease execution on the internet when you watch probably not 259 Probably not but it's interesting how much they left it door open about like 60 they left it a jar Probably not Absolutely not at 623 yes 197 and absolutely I'd love it 193 Out of 852 votes kind of a mixed bag, you know a lot of liars in there. I wouldn't watch it And I realized that yesterday made a bad not to make a bad mistake I just that I pissed off a lot of people which is fine with me all of the sudden he's against capital punishment against too bad Too freaking bad Bleeding heart liberal well everyone once a choice you have to be a bleeding heart liberal again makes me feel like a real man almost See if somebody comes in burns your house down the way you could even as you go and burn his house down Yeah, somebody kills your kid you go and kill his kid I mean there's that's the logic that the capital punish people use and makes them feel better That's it. Yeah, makes you feel better because we have a lot of pent up just like they were saying they have a lot of pent-up selling and the market today Which is why it's gonna go down today. What a great expression that is let's say do we have to retest the laws We have a lot of pent-up selling is this just a bull a bunch of bush medicine a bull rally a bear rally You know, it's all crap and Talking about the packed mentality When they show the people in the pit and the Chicago equity traders there and they're all screaming you you see that thing And then you stop and think that it's our money that's like hinging on all of this say insanity all of these crazy people Waving and flailing their arms around and looking like they all have same fight as dance And then they come on here. They try to like intellectualize it like somebody I know used to say intellectualize Las Vegas Hey, but that's the way it goes. That's the real world. I'll bet I'll bet I'll just shave about it We're gonna take a poll about the NFL draft today To see if it's just a two of us who are a little bit put off by this crap underline the word crap But I mean, but I'm not but I mean Never has so my and it is you talk about narrow casting. I'm sure that you couldn't fill a goddamn phone booth with the number of people who are really into it But don't convince the sports nerds of that because they really believe that this is heavy duty stuff that any real people ought to be very much into Speaking of real people that we ever get any call about the show passions yesterday. No No, got that one facts from that the pussy office. You wouldn't call I watched a little bit of it. Did you really? Apparently I'd seen snippets of it before but never sniffed it. Yeah, register. I saw the the midget that turns into the old images It's a little late. Did they tell me why I said I what's going on here? Tell me there's another step. He talks in the third person all the time Ah, which I guess if you were talking doll you might do the same thing too and the house was crashing Yeah, caving in. Now do you just see the the evil gremlin thing that had the two kids one of these hand you'd like to Like to hear just like I like make you all there Who's got all those clothes off? Well, I guess if you're gonna go in to hell you might as well take your clothes off. It's gonna be pretty goddamn hot and they are So we didn't get any calls about that because we got a bunch of dead heads out there basically is what I've decided It's got to be somebody in this audience who watches passions. I think that would be from two to three a clock. It's a lot more fun You're hearing about the draft like you're in T. That by the way. I think that's a great idea for a soap opera What since it's totally unbelievable anyway, but that's right. Why not make it right? Ridiculous. So really talks the way you're normal people talk. I'm right. Sure. TV's supposed to be escape like this reality based first of all Reality based TV isn't reality based it's all fake into bunch of crap anyway, and it's not so who watched reality anyway We watched television to get away from reality We want fun and the passions is fun Here's a mobile and diney hello Ah, there you go picking up right where we left off yesterday waited for about ten minutes for that Parties over baby. It's where we ought to be talking about the NFL draft Ten minutes is asshole waited for that. I thought it was gonna be a call about passions about something that I was asking about no seriously That's all over with there's no longer two-way communication. We're doing the yesterday. We had three shows going out at the same time Wow Five six seven. Oh, five one one person to call in who watches that show And it tells us why to admit it just just to fess up to the public Here's our pull question today How much we said are you in the NFL draft a lot? somewhat Not at all or if I hear the word draft again, I'll puke Those year four choices How interested are you in the NFL draft a lot? somewhat not at all or if I hear the word draft again, I'll puke Or should we say I'll puke my guts out? I guess just I'll puke. We don't want to make it to graphic on the internet. I was a little chillin out there Here's what Lauderdale hello Yo, what up? Yo, hey, I want to act you fucking you don't Uh-huh another fake voice another asshole All right asshole Thursday and Friday this week right? Uh-huh. Yeah See that like I said that's why the LLN thing was so good because day after day after day The phones were smoking we never had to give the numbers out And even though was absolutely pointless and the mob mentality was never more evident than it was back in those days Here was a lot of fun if you just took it for what it was people being assholes and getting all whipped above making it a mountain out of a molehill So I can see we're gonna like have part two from yesterday all over again our way Sure, why not go for it There's a mobile and pop in a hello Hello, yes sir Hi, Neil. Yes That dummy waited 10 minutes just to say one word Yeah And what do you got that's exactly what he is what you said he was yeah Yeah Waiting for part two that was the end of it that was his material here's what myers hello Fort Myers Mobile and plantation hello Mobile and plantation is this phone working or not? Hello, okay 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Just when you think you've got your thumb on it this town is it's astonishing Just out of nowhere where was I talking about this before the show today just out of nowhere Not for any particular reason to get little little little little little little little little little little little little little That's your material lady mobile in Miami hello Hey, yes, man I would just like to say that I vote number four on this survey if I hear the word draft on this session anymore I will use Uh-huh Thank you, they would say that's because your woman though they'd say that all real men that's all they care about is the NFL draft that every real man is obsessed with us Unfortunately, I'll call it a few times to hammer show It's amazing that if a woman who knows something about sports cars and people he gets them all the year Uh-huh Because we don't I don't we want to talk about the gambling aspect but the real force that's right Yeah, you don't hear too many women calling asking you for the points spread on the of the Val Parois of Illinois again It's careless and for it's not we have to turn them off because they just The draft and the only thing works in the NFL draft is the NBA draft Okay, have a great day sweetheart. Thank you. Bye bye Here's Pompano hello So it got to Here's the mobile in Miami, hello. How you doing Neil? Okay Um, you know what I went to Val Parois, so you just mentioned Val Parois. Oh, I'm so sorry How about him? Me too, trust me listen I gotta tell you are just about the the only glimmer of hope here in this town And the only bright light I have throughout the day when I'm on the road Yeah, I could give a rat ass about the draft. I care less about the draft I'm so sick of you know the sports on TV and the antics with these guys. I could care less about it And you know, I'll be voting on your poll early and office. Okay. All right. Have a good week. I'm glad you enjoyed. Thank you. By the way, hammers in New York today talking about the draft That's right. Well, you think he's in New York. The draft is tomorrow, baby. You better get with it, mister You better get on the thing on a merry go round. God dammit and reach out for that grass the grass thing 5 6 7 0 5 I'm gonna I got all the stuff over here. I'm setting it aside. There's a great article. I would recommend that you read the op-ed page in the Herald today though. I'm not gonna talk about it because obviously it would be wasted time. Presidential arsenic By Robert Reno who writes for News Day on Long Island, Robert Reno, Presidential arsenic And for all you people are voted for Ralph Nader. That's for you. Okay. Yeah, we got to protect the arsenic people And all the other people who understood the infirmant. And if you're bitching about how much it costs for gas now, just wait till the summer time When we're going to get into the holiday season and the travel season you wanted to push you got him, baby Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Yes sir. Okay, okay, came all the way and I'm glad you got back from the back of the room for that, you know, wasn't a very good one. Always just kind of like a yeah, like that 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. See what I mean about the mob mentality, the packed mentality Started with one answer yesterday and now the whole audience have turned into a bunch of assholes, which is fine Mobile and high allia, hello Hey, I'm Peter, what's happening? Yeah, let me tell you man, I set it up to the craft with a craft Yeah, I heard people say Here's here's key logo. I love Yeah, George is looking around like what what what what did he mess know? You're not me. You're in the middle of it You didn't listen to you in the middle of it. Yes, sir. Well, I'm looking to know what's happening. How you doing? I saw your Betty Honest special on HBO yesterday. Oh, no, we're not going to talk about that again Billy, I mean the yesterday is a quick one Yeah, sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah What about the BS? The only draft that I can handle this point is a cold draft beer. Okay, that's about it On his upper Okay 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Model in poppin, oh hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I suppose all that calls he yesterday That was black and on the public transportation the rail system in Atlanta, Georgia You know that that system is called murder in my RTA The guy to call yesterday was tummy about the great public transportation in life. Yeah, yeah, and the name of that system is is murder Yeah, he just said that. Yeah, you know what that stands for? What is that? Moving at work in America. Okay, great 5 6 7 0 5 60 moving right next to entry is I think what it stands for and I was Sands for moving Yahoo's into the tree. Wow Well, you think that uh, here's Boker hello. Hey, Neil. I'm not way for planning a trip to the north west And I was wondering if we should waste our time in Vancouver or not What do you mean by that? I don't know if he's expensive is the worth of it I don't know because I've never been there so I couldn't get it to tell you Oh, I thought you were Mr. Canada. No, I'm finally offended by your use of the word dead head Scrubs the walking zombies around here so I guess I'm a fan of the grateful dad Oh, like I said dead heads had a good time have a good time in the BC and don't smoke too much weed Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, how are you doing? Great. I was wondering if you had seen that special on him at the beginning about the airline Which one Well, they show those shows over and over again eight million times everything they got on there. What was I about? I had never seen it before and it was It was quite enlightening as to how the island killed with a bunch of crafts. Yeah, so such as I know you're always complaining about such as Crafts such as Well, the fact that they certainly got food some of them don't even show food at all. Oh, boy Well, I'm not playing again. That does it for me. Thank you. Okay, you hear that yours the airlines of servants bad food and some of those serve any food It'll because you see I want to tell you something when I want a good meal. You know what I do. I go right to the airport I say give me a ticket to Yeah, anywhere just give me on a plane because when I get on a plane I want to munge a munge a baby. That's where it's at It's far as I'm concerned if they didn't serve any food at all probably would be a big service. You want to know why? Because once they serve the meal if you're smart, let me just give you a little tips doing a lot of flying like I do if you're smart And you got nature is calling whether no matter which one it is or it's going to whatever nature is calling you to do do it while everybody else is eating Yeah, then you don't have to worry because then the a t-rooms up there that are all nice and free. You don't have to worry about doing a green apple crisp step And dancing from one toe back to the other waiting for you to clear out In addition to which if a lot of people aren't eaten on the plane, okay You don't have to worry about it all those greater rolemen So already the air on the plane is already suffocating to begin with and full of disease and If people are eating men, they're probably not doing as much of that as they might otherwise be doing especially eating that bad food That should be my biggest complaint about the airlines is the food I don't get on a plane to eat and like I said in fact most of the time I'll pass or aren't you waiting no thanks? No thank you And I know it's revolutionary but all the airports most airports say like fast food joints things like that Maybe just before we get on the plane Maybe like you to a sandwich or something like that you know and just stuff it in your sack Yeah, and even get you like one or two a cans of soda That's what I do I stick a can of soda in my little satchel So I don't have to worry about how soon they're going to come around or when they're going to come up. I got my own crap just stay to hell away from me Just give me from point A to point B do it relatively like on time without two my end, you know don't get me killed That's all I want That's all I ask So you people out there and I just love the ones I want to get special That's a Here, he has no white top religion because he is a baguette and he is luck with preserve the power of thinking Which was standing on your head Oh, no, no, no too much fat and baloney Oh, this friend loves All right, I have a guess. You put a rubber hose up your nose you drink a chocolate look No, no, no, no, the chocolate gives me pimple Oh, good All right, all right, I just do what we see Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, they gross me out Who do you think you've been covered with? What's coming next? Not me Me either 1032 at 560 WQM happy Friday to you. Are you crazy nuts out there? 560 50560 36 votes on this already? How interested are you in the NFL draft if I hear that we're drafting in all puke say 15 a lot 10 somewhat nine not at all two Not at all Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello, Neil? Yes? I'm worried about catching a draft Yeah I'm making a puke Here's a Miami lake, so Here's a calling vocalo Hey, how are you? Great, a lot of sick people out there Yeah Hey, you're a young Gonzalo Segway this morning, he's white on my subject there The teacher that was killed last year in Lake Worth The trial goes on next week Yeah And did you hear about what the attorney is saying is the census? What, too much alien on TV? No The little shrubs saw the picture of the FBI guy with a gun pointed out The alien? Yeah And his finger was on the side of the trigger So the attorney was saying he saw the picture And he said that his finger was on the side of the gun And he acted down the shot The teacher because he saw the FBI agent Yeah With a finger on the side of the rifle So goes to Troy, as if it wasn't for you people out there watch where you stick your finger I thought over it's been all time well for attorney Okay, unless Rubin would be proud, thank you 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T has run his arm He's a more doing it by seeing him this week No He's doing okay Level in for a waterdale, hello Hello Neil Yes? How are you today? I'm doing well Well, Neil, I'm going out of town this week And I'm glad to say I'm going to take your advice And bring a big sack with me onto the plane And passions, are you in George's talking about that? Yeah, I'm sure you're not Well George is kind of putting the two sentences Is that the one with the midget and the dragon thing? Yeah Oh, that's that's Grasio Hey, it's a bit bizarre I agree with you in the beginning you think, oh my god This is for idiots, but then you get sucked into it Because it's bizarre That's wrong with the driver Yeah They're supposed to be like Right And screw the draft and that's all I have Okay, thanks Bye Thank you 560 560 See this is proof of what I said in the beginning And the alien stuff was great Great for talk radio And didn't do a damn better harm to a community Because the community hated it They all hated each other just as much before And they always will They'd make a damn better difference That's just another stupid cliché That the goodny two shoes all Well, it's very divisive and very different Just a bull crap You can't do anything this drug You've been this community It's too late It's already a madhouse Hey exactly and if you don't believe me just keep listening 560 560 560 On the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line Anybody want to admit that the alien thing was much to do about nothing Anybody want to admit that? No No, because that was right That would mean that I was right And they were wrong And I'm talking about them We said that all along Here's the mobile in South Beach, yellow And then you Yes sir Check blue airline Yeah What is this? Check blue Check blue Check blue The awesome There are some new york You do some fly to the full lot of there Yeah And somebody makes it And they have You know you get your private A dish of the 40 channels and your seat Mind the people of some food And very very inexpensive And where do they fly? They fly to the full lot of there They pretty much do the e-scoast in Canada Really? Yeah, awesome They got my friend and I We fly it all the time A tomato fact? He wants to say hello You hold on a second Yeah Hello Neil Yes sir This is a Cuban very wide Yeah I just want to say a one He's acting right Hi Hi, her People say So much of anything is not good for you baby How did we know? Five six seven Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T And you thought the draft was exciting, huh? Forget about that Sixty one votes already on this Lot of emotion about this one, I'll tell you How interested are you in the NFL draft If I hear the word draft again, I'll puke Twenty seven Somewhat sixteen a lot twelve and not at all six And boy, we're going to be draft intensive on this station this weekend Uh-huh Oh man In fact, just when you tune in five six, you'll be getting the draft Better bundle up, give that trench coat from Tom Feadler Here's a mobile and Pembroke pie, and tell us What the did you start? What was it? Hello, what was it? Hello, what was it? Hello, what was it? Hello, what was it? Maybe he'll write it to the Jocquist O'Donner As you got it, so I'll sneak team to it Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the play One of those in the win, and sanity line, well, I'm working on it right now This is five sixty You way out Choose in his cruise behavior As we enter the Saragas mercy I know this dad's feeling as a move is wed suit And slipped into a polvac, there's silk teddy With matching French cartons, this I am a jazzed But the entire crew of the clip saw has suddenly changed Into Pica-Boulangeré Transposure for ideas Films, the season premiere Of the underwear world Of the structure, the sea is a strange mistress And so is my first mate John Crosth The Hillmunk of the Townsville Up off to life on PBS Hardy Hi, yeah Seven ten before I love it at five sixty WCM, like I said, Hank is in New York for the big draps show today Anybody got a major in that? No I snipe So I said, well, I'll prove we need new stadium He looks at me and says, oh, I don't think that's the answer Like I was being serious This is, yeah This is what you're dealing with here Yeah Oh, yeah, man, and baseball, even overloosen our answer Mullins baseball, it sounds good on the radio I said, so does Monovani, how about if we play Monovani for four hours Anybody said, Hardy Yeah, that's what he said, contract Here's cool jables, hello Feel Yes sir That show passion, it sucks I don't see well why would you find it feeling about it Maybe this shows you're taking music and TV And movie suck Yeah, and color and colors too, yeah Five six seven, oh five sixty It's called Take a Cheap Shot of the Hostay Because this week we don't like him for whatever reason, okay? You're going to be real sorry when I'm gone When I'm over there living the life of Riley and Amsterdam You're going to say, oh gee, whatever happened to that fat Fake, hello, that we used to have such a good time Listen to, yeah, you're going to be real sorry But you just keep banging away and banging away Because like I've told you so many times before That's what this town does the best They destroy whatever they like they destroyed They butcher it Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T And Verizon World of Slime, yeah But he reminds you of shows, oh we got it so Flora So let's dig around with it, let's screw it up Let's go on the attack Mobile in Miami, hello Uncle Neil, yes sir Is it true you don't want that fat draft of your Fake? Yeah, you only fags don't watch the draft Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T line Uncle Neil, yeah Mobile in Miami Lake, so Hello, Neil, yes sir How are you doing? I was going to remember your first I'm bigger, pardon Do you remember your first Yeah, my first to chuck the milkshake, yeah Was delicious Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon World of Slime Is there anybody out there with a brain No, the IQ larger than a single digit No, no, we're searching baby, the search party is on Mobile in Kendall, hello What a cacophony of losers Oh my god Who days in a row now? How are you doing Neil? We're on a roll, I'm doing okay All right, listen, I want to attack a few subjects I'm going to get more and more difficult Fan than me, but I just don't get this romance with the draft You know, unless you're keen Has the first pick It's all over, beyond that it's it's pondering Right I want you to get down to the 89th pick in the 54th round I mean, what the hell there's a business I just can't understand how you can watch You know, the entire week and to watch in that on TV When you know, when they're picking guys from working So I can find you Yeah, let me have to perform a mental illness I just don't get it Okay, number two, speaking six fire reports Yes, and one five two having you, it's going on All right, and That's why I said my first chocolate milkshake, and that's what the guy was asked me for It's taking shake was the best Yeah, think, thing number three 35 year old, uh, Julio And you're right out of a DL, DL thing We all hated each other before And we still hate each other now Right, and Bob's bottom fundo, wouldn't it? Yes, it was Okay, see you And look at all the great comedy boots I should play them all the day, all the aliens Sure Sure, but I didn't talk to these losers 560, pound five 60, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line See, this is the epitome of America This is what I love the best about America Fag, fag, fag, Madacone, fag, fag I mean, 24 years later, and it's still like a weapon Like a weapon, that's all they got And you wanted to buy it, because most of you are losers Because most of you haven't got a god damn thing going in your life And self-hating fag And plus and self-hating in the closet right Because what's the two you otherwise? Yeah, why do you want anybody care? But no, and then you're missing the point That's the weapon They have to have something to attack you with And since they're not driving too Corbets It's not pulling down big money It's not a house in Amsterdam And whatever else Fag, fag, fag Yeah, and, and that's it That's a medley of their material And they're in Bokeh, hello Hey, how are you doing Neil? Okay You know what? The reason I love you so much, yeah You're calling it sometimes You don't know where Barry White came from Back I was at the farm Anyway, I want to do a review of what you're doing Who is even auditioning, hey, and these people, my told George you're in a break These people today think you're auditioning for something Back I was out there I want to read it, one of your odd Just a third about that, Jeff Lough You have a top floor, here we get Yeah, it's that good I'll try to watch such a secret I don't know why it is, it's cheap You get your own television Right in front of you Yeah, and it goes from four loads of right into a JAPA, a great thing How you like to have things Neil? Yes, I've been out of town for a while How the double doing? How the majority of the double doing? How are they doing? There's three games to run against Caroline Come on, be the last two weeks I think I'll check that out I think they're going to get a chance Five, six, seven, five, six, six, they only had a lot of hockey Talk to about Edmonton down to nothing A third, they make a big comeback, take a three to two lead They blow it late in the old Kirk Mieler scored Over time, what a shame Same with a sharps in the blues, sharps Head to the one they blow it late in the game Lose and over time again, but nothing's perfect Same with the sabers But it had some pretty damn good games this year I thought of them because we're talking about the draft See, real man, they're not hockey fans, they're into the draft How's that popular old kid from Piori, Edmonton? Yeah, the one at the abils are going to draft Like the one guy said today, he had his thumb right on If the only draft he ought to be interested in is the draft That's a big amount of a spigot Withered without freeway Here's a call from the keys, hello Yes, uh Yes, sir How much for George's ass? How much for you? 444 bucks Round trip Mobile info, louder Dale, hello Niel, yes sir Yeah, but he listen, I just want to let you know something You and I never met, but I feel like you're a friend Uh-huh Listen to about two years now Don't let these people out in the world get you down You don't get me down, sir That's right, and it's not a reflection on me after reflection on them They have no material, they have nothing to say about anything That's right This is one of the few shows in the history of the human race Where people can call in and talk about anything they want Anything under the sun And I'll sit here and if it makes any sense at all, listen And whatever, and they have nothing to say Because this is South Florida man This is the land of the lost The land of the walking dead You're very true, you're very right, I just want to let you know You got a very personal person out here And you just keep up the good work Okay, God bless you, sir, I'll pray for us Okay, bye bye, we're praying And the Hail Mary Mother of God, Holy, et cetera Bless you, is your fruit Fine, that's why we knew that Jesus was gay because they kept saying, bless it is your fruit 56705, so General Serbated in the Bible Comes back to fruit, it was the apple on the tree and the pear on the ground and the fruit of thy womb And all of these things, fruit of the womb Lots of fruits in those biblical days Here's Hollywood, hello Hollywood? Yes, sir Hey, Neil, hey, I think it's time Time to stop taking the phone calls Yeah Good, good, George, just come in Getting the Harold, you bring the phone send Hold me, you just sit down and you talk to him Don't have to worry about the phone's crap on out on him Yeah, you know, just to God and you got shoot this shoot Bob, what worried would this ever come from The last two days just out of nowhere I mean, we're both sitting here stupified We're in my service way, so been just fine We've been rolling along, a lot of good shows No problem at all, the sudden it's like they had a meeting You know, they had a big meeting What is that? Holy, did he finally got cell phones now So now they can just call you at the door Well, let me ask you, where is everybody else? Well, they're a work on the normal people Well, what about all the other people we talked to for the last 25 years? I don't think left Oh, I see, they're all going Oh, yeah No, they should have left at least a thank you card or something Because I'd leave a something, my goodness Leave it for a leave it for life line All right, Neil, have a good one Okay, back to you, sir Thank you 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Live Yeah, real man When I air enters a draft, they watch it, they listen to what they're out of there Glued into what they want to know the names, the shoe size, the jackstrap size Those are real macho men That takes showers together Yeah, that's what I hear Mobile of Cooper City, hello Hello, Neil Yes, sir Hey, I just want to let you know that I actually look forward to going to work So I can listen to you on the radio Makes a big difference in my life A lot of insightful comments And just recently we were back here from Grant Cayman And I've made a tremendous difference on my building, I get adjusted Round mark here Okay, yeah, fine But we're going to today was one day I was at the gas station watching a spot in my gas And it's a lady pulled in And she pulled in the handicaps spot And she goes ahead and She gets out of her car, walks away no problem And next thing you know, I was thinking myself These people, they have no problem parking in the cash spot And then the other lady does it So I stopped and I said, you understand we're parking And next you know everything in the Gat station started clapping, they were very happy about that There you go, nice job pal Maybe you can do that as a profession Have a great day That's certainly he can be the guardian of the handicaps spot For all these phony crypts who don't really crypts at all I hate those people who have the fake handicaps things I don't want to mention coverage, I'm or anybody else You don't understand? We have somebody in this building, I don't want to mention her name My name, I'm here, who's got a handicaps sticker She's not handicapped other than mentally Yeah, there's a lot of real crypts out there Although you know, say we don't get me started again All those name handicaps faces So he's at a gas station, he's got two people parking in the handicaps Maybe that's part of the problem Maybe there's two of the many crypt spaces out there That could be the problem Look when you're at the airport, when it's real busy in there And you're driving around and around and around And there's all the handicaps spaces around But don't you dare parking here because they're putting electric chair They'll rev up all sparkey in Just for that special And just like the ones with the the stroller spaces Have you seen those at the airport? Airports, they have them all over shop and centers They do now? Yeah, people with babies in the stroller The public and the one You know what your God damn stroller, okay? What's the big deal with that? You need more room Why? How about these people that are going out in trip for like six months And they're taking 25 years of their belongings The 82 pieces of luggage Or the people are going away for the weekend Taking 40 pieces of luggage, you know, you know, you know, the ones Taking their whole life possession because they're going away for two days We handled it fine when we had strollers Yeah Well, what's wrong with you? You bunch of pussy's out there if you're if you're strong enough to be able to make babies out there You should be able to park like at a regular or another left You're not going to get into space Yeah, stroller goes into the trunk Yeah, so you access it from the rear So having a lot of room on the side No, you access it from the rear Sometimes Yeah That's what I hear from the rear Back home Yeah, so what's your point? So having extra room on the sides is irrelevant Yeah Exactly, what is your trunk? Is your trunk expanded the sides when you open it? Of course not Unless you got a deloria or something like that You're open up the goddamn doors And if you got a deloria and what you need to guide them Strollers space for anyway You should be able to go into the airport in the limo Just a bunch of panellias people all looking for special rights Just remember equal rights, not special rights This is 560 You way out People here that were all whipped up into a frenzy last You're alienists and alienated And alienia, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Anybody care about those kids that got our employees other way in school? Those kids are getting babies tossed into dumpsters They've little girl I got Butchered and beat up and murdered by that punk The wrestling fan? No All of these things But aliens, he knows it different story Because it was a miracle of God How about God helping these other kids? No, they're not special Well, I sure you know, we ought to get some The lunch from us is name today From our good friend, Ira Okay, but are you looking to me like that for? Is that a bad idea? No Fine, I do As long as Scott don't come in here, don't want to see him Oh, he just makes my skin crawl And in fact, that would be a good pull for me to ask myself Which makes you more or less irritated The NFL drafts your Scott from Atlantic City subs I think Scott wins that one easy Alice? Alice? Alice? Yeah, hell who would? Hell who would? It's poop? Mm-hmm Earth to you, Scott You're a butt sucker, okay? We don't, we can't stand you We like our, it's a good guy, it's always smiling Got a smile on his post, makes great sandwiches And Atlantic City subs, baby, for lunch today It sounds good to me Just keep Scott out of here Come in, Defa, I think I will open this weekend Oh, that's what I'm hearing Here's a mobile and pepper pie, and hello Hi, Neil Yes sir I have some advice for some of your qualities Uh-huh They should freeze that brain until they find the cure Ah-huh, well, and maybe if they found the brain first Ha-ha-ha-ha You'll stay put in nice places Okay, thank you Get a search party, let's see if we can find some brains out there What do you think, Neil? Any luck? 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line Mobile Inform Waterdale, hello Good morning Neil Yes sir Two quick things, the first thing I love is a home depot They've got like 40 handicapped spots I've never seen more than 38 wheelchairs in there one time You know, they made it home depot Yeah Anyway, no, what is that all about? I'm going to show you that the eclipse have a tremendous lobby And they go to the state legislatures So they sit either wherever And they coerced them and they make any stupid laws So they have to have about 20 times as many handicapped spaces They need an arrest of a Santa Park-Lock 20 miles away Like in the sawgrass That's one of the reasons I never go to the sawgrass Let me tell you something about 20 years ago, I'll be 45 soon About 20 years ago I got hit on the by a car on a bicycle I have a steel plate 10, 10, and 450 stitches in my leg I've never even thought about getting the handicapped I mean I could get one if I wanted to But for what? I mean I still have my leg almost lost it You know, but I mean I see these guys get out of these cars And they jarg into the store Yeah And it's like you I want to go up there and choke a lot Some of these old counters that have the handicapped They're going to see him get out and walk in better And you and I are just because your old does mean you should have special privileges Just like all of this counts in the banks and the movies and all these other damn things Yeah Let me just say a couple things about the draft Yeah, I have three boys and I coach all their teams and everything And this is where it starts All the other schmets They take the stuff so serious that I mean I'm talking six seven and eight year old And these jerk off excuse my expression coaches and everything They bring a laptop computers and stuff to the draft Oh god Oh my god They want to puke You know And And they're getting into I'm not coaching this year I can't take it anymore They don't do anything about teaching the kids anymore All of this the wind that's stupid three dollar piece of crap trophy And all these parents and stuff They're getting really rowdy They think that their kids are going to make the billionaires Yeah And they don't understand that like one out of a hundred thousand kids Even get looked at Right At a high school or something like that Unless it's by their priest to rabbi they might get looked at Well thanks for the good news And tell them draft this Yeah Okay 124 votes on our poll already How interested are you in the NFL draft If I hear the word draft again I'll puke say 46 Someone interested 33 Not at all 27 A lot 18 A lot 18 That's only a 14.5% And you're going to be starting to get to the staff there We're going to be devoting the next 600 hours to draft Intensive here on this radio station Where we're sick from the sports We're not just sports fans here We're obsessed with it It's coming out of our ears It's coming out of every foreign our body It's spewing out of our income Ask The sports asses How's our friend Irish one On his way That's our buddy, I run into land and city subs Where I remember makes the difference Because he's a good guy makes a good great sandwich And got a good disposition And doesn't come in here sucking around for free Like Scott Now that's a different story Scott How those two ever get together Related Oh say like I said bloody thicker than water Here's Miami with a question mark hello Well I should we care about children And what's happening to women in our society When the sports holes are walking around with heart on One who's a doll that you're going to take in the 40s Get around to the draft Now you got it You know right It's all of meaning with stuff There's what we need to be focusing on Right One and a lie because what's important to America is Right You got it Keep ripping them down Okay pal He started pretty damn pissed off about it Yeah Nice God sir Now we don't care about kids Ali on we cared about because the news media said it was very important And we had a bunch of people being manipulated in this town Or always very easily manipulated Go in like Like they always do right With their chief soak it into glass Now see they should learn from the old Jews You know and then sunrise and camera The ones that soak their teeth and the glass Maybe your teeth wouldn't be so green down there in little of Anna You old farts If you put them in a goddamn glass once in a while Effortant Works like a charm 560560 Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Fund Anybody seen passions I just I just mentioned that in passing passing I'm touching Impassion yeah Because I thought it's a pretty interesting I mean sure It's silly it's very silly And ordinarily I'm not digging this silly But it's kind of fun Plus they're us in pretty hot people in there Yeah and when you're in hell you're going to be pretty damn hot So those of you hot looking people out there Let me tell you right now Maybe you're arrogant running around thinking I sure look good like your stuff don't stink Well just wait because God's got a real surprise for you Because when you're hot during your lifetime You're going to be hot forever Here's Miami hello Miami You're only one There we are thank you Oh that's good It's good We are quick See guys we got the radio up And hey see if you see it real fast Then it has like much more impact Wow 5 560560 Pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line Strafler to wear our motto is The moon the moon the moon the moon the moon the moon the moon Like that Just like that You're a field beach all Hey any of those are going Okay Well tell you you don't have to look for I work on the beach and just to tell you how many assholes Wayne down there's a flock of us that listen to you And we talked about you know and I'll tell you there's too many assholes Around on the beach is even People come down you're on vacation you think they'd be happy You know and walk around you tell them something Or you help them out try to be a nice person You know and they just tell you you know what After you and this and that and it's just amazing If everybody a little bit more you know respect towards human life And general me and be so much better But yeah What are you going to do? Yeah people are like a little bit nice But this is South Florida where nice is illegal It's against the law here Yeah you shouldn't How to rate the app How to rate the app How to rate the app How to rate the app How to rate the app Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter What is it? Okay, have a great day Okay, quarter Least 50 cent 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T And Verizon Marles Line I'm in a sector eleven here at QAM Doris has had in markets as a place where you find nice friendly People out of bunch of sour pushes Not a bunch of crazy people knocking Down with their shopping carts working as big I hope countries got us under A one can agree on this for a job He's a big candidate family Most of them live in Miami But his dad is a fan of Now Now she'll keep stay your shouldy go The setup's huge and a deal And make this call And she's not one Who? Well we know that a daddy wants to And in the end you probably win The opposite is you I've never seen you on the moon But in the end there's nothing we all know The street that you keep with this boat will go Right in the arms of the tail Castro Again With the dog we die We'll be seeing by by any end goes by Don't be sad go with you Daddy won't be sad don't try You'll be that one day And I'll do better to try You'll then come back to your goal by by You'll be so happy and go by by One 15 to 5.50 W2AM Be sure all out of the QAM.com website And play the Santa Rosa Marble NFL draft game The grand prize includes a weekend for two A Chulus Hotel $100 gift certificate to the Stay Cows and an autograph football by Coach Shulow The BrainStam Log on and start playing the Santa Rosa Marble NFL Draft game at WQM.com Because if you're into the draft you probably lost your marbles 143 votes on our pool How interested are you in the NFL draft If I heard there were draft again I'll puked 49 Somewhat 41 not at all 30 and a lot 23 16% Full of waterdale hello Hi Neil Yes sir I'm down on the TV last night because it's virtually nothing on Huh and get to face I see on there Steve King Yeah When did he start doing that? It was that awful show on at the public access station Where looks like I wish shot through a low-millium No it was a It was on a com cap stop here He said for a lot of day That's the show the one I looked like it shot through a brick wall right like you're looking at a negative Oh that's public access Yeah what a horrible heart he looks like he's 95 years old Yeah well when every party or body is fake when you have a fake nose and a fake penis and fake hair and fake earlobes I mean what do you expect and that was all trade-off Right that's exactly right I like that black dorky he's wearing on his head Well I'm glad you finally got it sir, at least to put a good smile on your plate Yeah and the trend how? There you go They both got it Excellent have a great day Maybe they got it from each other 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Yeah I wonder how Alice's big meeting with queer channel came out huh? What we sure want him back on here again Bring him on baby The Alice ran tell show mid days would be good Cheers, Pompatled Beach hello Hey Neil, how's it going? They get a chance to call you a couple of days ago Did you catch the article on the Sunset No about the problem they're having in the Breyer County Library with Master Bates? Yeah about the crazy guy who they're not having any problems That's that nutcase that whatever his name is who keeps making these stories up Oh it's just not for real man Of course not this guy his name is Alan Trevillion from Winter Park This is a tumble phoboc lunatic who sees he sees sex going on I wonder is a mattress And believe me it's not him Well I'm going to give him some talk about I'm going to live wearing a whack off to a picture Ville on okay have a good time Thank you man. Okay. There you go scored score coming attractions of the library near you Legislative proposed gay harassment banning schools And the governor by the way being the great liberal that he is Says talking about this travillion guy that's nutcase Alan Trevillion Who I am actually this yesterday you know He was talking to the gay high school students He's a model of God's got a special plan for you You're all going to burn and hell all the other crap The governor says the my interpretation of the Bible is a little bit different a little not much but a little bit Like maybe you won't burn and hell you just get like a bad son pan Skin cancer something like that But the governor says I think everybody's got a right to express his opinion as do the kids who might disagree with him Very very progressive governor bush lights here for the governor Baby who never saw an election that his brother was in that he couldn't fix But I fit right in. I mean we were talking before they show this morning. This is a annual you put your jacket on already Turned up a degree or two was like freezing it like a meat locker in here. You're gonna your meat in here But in those cases keep your meat out. I've seen most you But this is a mudwam state. This isn't uh, oh well, this is Florida This is more liberal and the rest of the south. Yeah, right. Uh-huh. This is a mudwam state Speaking about once here's a mobile and little Havana. Hello Hello Neil. Yes sir. Hi sir. This is the thing got a little might of been his room. We don't have enough see how they cargo Whatever happens built out. You know where are you that? Why you want to date? No, he's just a good just DJ. Yeah. And uh, you just you know everything. I was wondering if you knew anyone Yeah, he's been Birmingham Alabama. He consults this radio station. He's our consultant All you could tell is a radio station. Yes sir. Great. Also one of your earlier Scholars was talking about that guy very light But one of the good news members. I'll figure out. Yeah. Just like you want to get the Bill Tatters number. Okay. Maybe we have like a four-way sounds good. Uh-huh 5 6 7 0 5 60 course they have they have a term for that. It's a geek. Love you more on. Here's a mobile and water hill. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir. The only thing more ponders I think the draft is when they talk about recruiting for colleges The high school athletes. Yeah. You think about it in both situations you're sitting You're gambling on the potential of a bunch of 16 to 19 year old Sometimes she did it. Freaks for that. But one of the years the show is you're talking About they're not even talking about 16 to 19. They're talking about 11 and 12 year old kids. You're not even a bunch of adult men sitting around talking about 11 and 12 year old kids. General now I'm thinking to myself this must be. I mean, as going terms you wonder like where they've been deep in around the corner For these. Probably in the shower. But you think but you know it's almost the same thing When you're sitting here talking about gambling on generally you're talking about almost Emling on the potential of these kids. It's pretty much just like the stock market these days too. It's always the potential of what something can be. But you have absolutely no indication What it's going to pan out to be. Right. Six three years four years down the road. Right. What they ought to do is to have a down Jones average down. And you have to invest in these kids to figure out. Okay. The kid washed out with a drug A problem after a year. So give them a zone your investment. You're out. Yeah. So. But it's gets crazy. And it is ponderous and ponderous. And I realize a long time ago. And I've been told before about how these parents are going out with their kids to little league ball games. And they're sitting there and they're talking. I've heard them say it. Yeah. I'm hoping he'll get a scholarship. Or that I'm hoping he'll get the idea newty for my retired. Right. Exactly. It's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. What the kids play the games? Forget about it. And then. Throw your money. I hope that most of those parents. You know in that category why not that their kid goes out and Makes millions of dollars and turns their back on a pair. It's something. Come out and says, yeah. My dad just forced me to play. I really hate the game. I make a lot of money. But I've really got to be honest or. So I'm giving all my money to charity. Have a great day. By the way, you'll be very pleased to know Speaking of these topics, but discussing with draft and all these things. If that's just going to need draft talk with Hank is on from New York to this afternoon. One segment they're going to be doing is on old cochers who gamble. Here's mentally. Hello. Yeah. I mean like a George happy for 20. Yes sir. And as far as you being gay, how does that work? How does it work? Why do you want to date? Maybe. Uh huh. You're not my type pal. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT. Works easy for me. I'll tell you that. We're good for me. Send a picture. Yeah. Fort Myers. Hello. Uh, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. Listen. I'm a recovering Catholic and I was watching Shindler's list last night. Uh huh. And uh, Shindler still had a show. I couldn't get through it the second time. I only watched it for half an hour. I decided off. Why would you want to watch? Yeah. One time is enough. I think everybody's. Don't you think everybody's watching? No. No. That's like saying don't you think everybody ought to visit Auschwitz once just to see what was like. How do people learn about it then? Huh? How do people learn about it then? What do we have to do? What do we have to do? What do we have to do? What do we have to do? What do we have to do? What do we have to do? What do we have to do? If somebody gave you a ticket to Europe in about 50 grand in cash to go have a good time. Would you go visit concentration camps? No. I wouldn't. There are people who do that. They spend there where they go on a tour of all the different. A Nortonburg Auschwitz. Yeah. The doc how? That's a little no. Who can I? But I wanted to talk about the Catholic Church's role in this. Yeah. I've been reading about Pope Iance the 12th. Yeah. Militant Antisemite. Correct. Unbelievable. He was like a real good friend of general Kesselring. Mm-hmm. Who was the German general? That was headquartered, Niddly. Yeah. This guy was like a collaborator. Right. I mean, all he wanted to do was save their artwork. That's right. All he wanted to do. And he knew... Don't take my arm. Same thing. Same concept. So, I mean, anybody who can sit there and look back at this and say, Well, we can accept that they haven't even given an apology to the, you know, ancestors of the six million people. So, I can't be a part of that church. Okay. Congratulations, sir. But you had a little bit of the R. Snacky dresses. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Let's talk about the Swiss guard. What do you say? No. Pomp five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 155 votes on our poll. The draft ain't doing too well. I should point up. I see some people would say, well, let's say it's a sports show. This is like more general. But, late point. This sounds to you. Stop and think about this. When you're already in your old casting, it would be like, if you did a show every day that was only about baseball cards. Well, to begin with, I mean, that limits the audience, like maybe one tenth of one percent of anybody, one hundredth of one percent. But what about if you started doing a show every day that was about baseball cards from 1952, only? Do you see what I'm saying? It's a nutty reds. In other words, yeah, since then, any reds players from 1952, only. And back in 1952 was the red legs. They didn't say the reds because it was what I think or McCarthy. Yeah. Well, not seriously, they didn't want to use to say the reds. Because that was during the comedy Pinko thing. How many of that? Right, exactly. Exactly. 26 past 11. The concept of narrow casting, and of course, the programmers are like, oh, what's he saying? What I'm saying is that you're talking to your plan with yourselves. That's what I'm telling you. Greg Reed is playing with himself on a radio. 20, it's better in a library. 26 after 11 and 5, 60, WDQ, I mean, you want to get to great meal this weekend. Take the whole gang over for a feast. A fabulous humongous feast, even fit for a feast at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. For you talk about a sea of food. Two locations for your pineapple and 44th in sunrise. Collins Avenue just dropped the 163rd in North Miami Beach. And speaking the weekend, don't forget Emerald Coast features. Audicard eats stone crabs on the buffet. Every Friday, Saturday and Sunday. You start out with your choice of 60 soups or all of you above if you like. And then you get to pick through dozens and dozens of great oriental lights, meat, and pork and chicken and seafood and vegetable all kinds of great stuff. And be sure to make a pit stop at the gourmet center. A sizzling Asian grill with your Reochi steak chicken, shrimp seafood prepared to your order, believe it or not. There's Hank Carp Prime rib. They've got a sushi bar in a salad bar featuring fresh shrimp on ice. And also with a zurt bar, by some miracle, you can save a little bit of real more if you just have a big fat piggy. Don't care. They got pies and chocolate. Help me all of them. If I think you should do this grab heart of your rock hard and hamstring and stretch your scraped. And then you work your offer body. Jesus, what's up? I forgot to put the phone. Oh God, what about the serve? Oh, first you bend over and grab your ball. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I forgot to put the pan. Oh my god. Oh, then you're gently cause you bar into the air. And, oh. Oh, oh, oh, you're like, if you can do that again. Oh, okay. Oh, oh, god. What more time, please? Oh, oh, oh, I haven't got it yet. Then do it more time. No, I'm still on it. Oh, oh. Again, please. Oh, oh. And the Coca-Cola Tone is nothing related by the VGA, children under 18 must have heard permission. I liked that one. Love the 32 at 5.60 WCOM. So here's the fact that HBO show on Betty Hind, Benny Hind, Benny Hanan, all those other figures. We'll be on again tomorrow morning, 9.45 at HBO East. I mean, I could read the list of all the other HBO's, but why the hell bother? Too many HBO's. You know? 9.45 tomorrow morning on HBO East. And it's called a question of miracles America undercover. Yeah, I'm in Calo. In fact, as me and she says as far as passion goes, you spark my curiosity. I decided to watch it yesterday. Like you said yesterday, the guys are really good looking, but the whole soap opera is weird. But I think I'm hooked to watch it. See those two good-looking Latin guys again. Absolutely correct. Yeah. Why the hell not? Plus of course, a little Timmy. The walking talking doll. Here's Kendall. Hello. Happy Friday, now. And back to you. Thank you. I call the police a couple of weeks ago, I guess. And then somebody that was using one of the tandy cop things. And I was going to see if I could do something about it. You know what I said? You know, necessarily have to have a physical handicapped habit. And unless we catch them using it, there's nothing we can or will do. Well, what would you do? Wait, man. So, other words, if you don't have to have a physical handicapped, why should you have it? In other words, if you just have the right connection? What? How about a mental handicapped? Yeah, what we got one in this building? Oh, my God. Hey, quick request. Yes, sir. Let's go smoke some pot. OK. Thanks, Neil. 560, 0560, pound 560. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line, I'm going to play that. We're going to play a lot of pots stuff today, because obviously, a lot of people out there already got a good start on a weekend. Oh, no. Guess what, George? It was the same time as yesterday. 11th, two days, this is the third day in a row. 1133 the morning. All of a sudden, our internet connection crafts out. I mean, I'll click the thing, but it's not going to do any good. We stopped at 174 votes on our pull on NeilRodger's.com. How much was to do our UN NFL draft? If I hear that we're drafting it, I'll puked 58. Some on 48, not on all 40, a lot, only 28, 16%. And it's just a search and search. And two, three days in a row now. So haven't had any of these. They're having some people in the building. A Bob were most of just making that up. That's more likely, you know? He wouldn't do that. Yeah, he would. He's probably just dicking with us again, because he hates us like poison, because he's a redneck. He's a real Yahoo, nose-picking redneck who don't bathe much. So anyway, that means Eric, you're going to have to be vaccinated results again every half-all of being enough, because this is not one of those real controversial things. It's just the bust of balls of the draft mix of these people who have no life whatsoever. Here's a lady in Palm City, hello. Hello. Yes, man. From a local who want to make the pukes. Yeah. I mean, I cannot police things with ideas. Really? I want to see you about being in and bonnetgo. I'm aware of all these stuff that goes on. With organized religion as a problem of the entire country, the entire world. I mean, it's just ridiculous. If they want to see miracle, real, they don't put on path TV, low-key miracle. So see themselves amazing. I don't know if you get that channel, it's incredible. Am I safe as to be in the human man, in my family, in my friends, in my doctor? No one else, but they have the only ones that they've made them. We rely on. Right. Anyway, you're great. Get out of the country. This country is on a path. OK. We see as, I'm aware of you too, OK. Right. Oh, man. He's bad. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. I think I just have a good one. He's the one that's just having the honor. I'm the one. Oh, man. Yeah. Oh, man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Again, anybody who does not care, Smith, will be deported this weekend. OK. Yeah. Yeah. I think not. It's not a question. My taste of your taste. It's just a question, something that's so patently obvious. Right there. It's right there in front of you. It's like a great bowl of clam chowder. Am I right? Everybody does not like a great bowl of clam chowder. They're probably like on American. Chowder. Come on. It's the five six seven. Oh, my, maybe just two go issue. Five six seven. Six, six, the pound five, six, the only AT&T. And Verizon Marvel's flying. Mobile and derail, hello. Feel. Yes, sir. Three things are my plate. Uh-huh. It grasps us. Passion since food and little bit on the fence. I'm not sure about it yet. I know. It's an acquired taste that takes a long time. Yeah. Yeah. What's all about? And why we're watching it. Exactly. And lastly, our people. OK. Great. Five six six. Five six seven. Oh, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and call spring, hello. Hey, here. Yes, sir. What is it? Hey, how you doing today? All right. Listen, I'm called about the guy who, uh, who my shoes was. Let's the other night. Um, he said he watched it for the one time. For the first time. And, uh, can we say how everybody's watching you. What kind of disagreeing? No, I didn't say the people shouldn't watch it. But I mean, he made it sound like it was, uh, he was obsessed with it. Well, how often you need to keep seeing that same stuff all over and over again. So people, people who keep watching the Nazi documentaries for the four minute time. Um, I'm married to a Shakespeare. Yeah. George Guy married to a Shakespeare. Right. And I took my light to the movie. Uh, when the first came out in midwest. It don't teach any of that stuff. It don't really teach the history of a water plate in the hall. I wanted how to see. Um, and then we watched it again last night. But I put a little one and she kind of had a lead because you get a little more stuff. I'm hoping. Yeah. But just to a minute. I'm hoping to see this. I go into Amsterdam in the four ten days and spending nine days at the end of Frank House. You know what I'm saying? I agree. I mean, you're not to see it. Uh, 100 times. But once the twice is good. But after you've been to dot cow for the first, you know, 14, 15 times. That should be enough. I agree. Yeah. One concentrate. You know, I never think of a concentration camp. You're seeing one. You basically know what's taking place on all of it. Right. But, um, I took my daughter. I went when I was 16 years old. I went to Bello Sniders camp in the Adirondack Mountains. And he told me, you know, what's the way you've been to one camp? You've been to any of y'all the same. Well, pretty much. You know, you've got your sweet way camp to sweet way camp. But, uh, just my daughter and my wife, to the, uh, wash them memorial about the, uh, at the whole country there. Mm-hmm. And. As a cue, I'm a, and we're sorry in this. I'm not talking. I'm scared of each of it. I couldn't remember everything. Whoosto-meput, si paso damned t Taradilla. So E already dead. I can't no longer be. Because you see my frostbite with all things But still I think I'm swimming free I'm afraid it I'm fouled And I've got the key to deep And we're too Yeah I'm so anxious I can still keep rocking you Or keep you through the 560 WKOM time to squeeze the bag 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T We got our internet back by the way Eric I should mention that. Yeah it's a miracle It's an act of good Here's Miami, hello Here's Miami, hello Person's so cute, but too And thanks for listening to the garage show Could you understand what he said? He'd be saying, Pazzy's so cute, you suck too Yeah, well I said at least half right Here's a mobile in Miami, hello He's a funny boy, spad, funny boy Bad, bad, funny boy See there's good, funny boy He's like the guy that has no comedy, but it's like Can we try that again, that guy Maybe when I catch me breath maybe, that guy Here's a mobile in homestead, hello Yes sir, I bring all the things you have I want to all face you have, but you're starting with people sure Because you're a best audience, they should know this stuff about shit I bring you pardon I bring all things about, you know, we're what to do They should know what stuff about shit learn What? There's a lot of people out there that don't know this stuff But what stuff? About what you been talking about the last few colors Such an audience that don't know that Such is what they don't know what They don't know about the history of yours Oh, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah And what about it? Why? And what if they don't know this Most people don't know the history of anything They know the history of their own lives, much less Of this state or this country or the world, so what about it? Why do you want to introduce them to it? I might introduce them to it What are we doing here? History lesson here is that what this show is I thought this was an entertainment show Have a great day sir, have a great day Here's what I got to tell me how to do the show Oh, you might want to introduce them to the history of human suffering No thanks If you want to watch it, great, go out and rent Chindlers, what a list of this weekend I'll pass just on entertainment value Forget the history and the story and that Just like that movie that Jason gave me like two and a half years ago What the hell was it that the movie Oh, yeah Yeah, yeah, I still have a watch to it I'll get around with some day maybe and maybe not You know the one I'm talking about Yeah, great good movie everybody says it's good It's good and he can't watch it He can't bug at me that I should watch it, but I probably won't It's a morbid depressing movie Whatever the one wants to give me And I have he watched it yet Why do I want to watch Chindlers list? Why entertainment value alone About what happens to be a good movie About what? Subject matter, does that how you based your movie watching decision Is what it's about? Partly it's about not seasoned Jews But outside of that it happened to be very good movie Boy, boy, boy I'm not for the Nazis in Jews Just the race finds you need to get out of the house once in a while Okay, have you ever been to Berlin? No, have you ever been to a colon? What's right got to do with Chindlers list? Well, when I go to Germany, I'm not thinking about Nazis or Jews What I'm talking about is subject matter. It's a good movie Yeah, forget what it's about How can you avoid the subject matter? You can't avoid it, but That's like saying, oh, you forget about the mafia But you really enjoy the godfather What would you say you enjoyed the godfather But forget about the modern forget about the topic You know what if they were in a legitimate business It would have been just as entertaining They would have been in the hall of oil business Right, Genko, Genko, Olavoil The job, the acting job Oh, I got scripting Oh, I'm sorry, mom made some lunch 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5 I'm not gonna watch Sinslers list You can hack me from now until the cows come home I'm not gonna be watching Sinslers list I'm self-hating, too Oh, I'm self-hating, too Because I don't want to watch Sinslers list Little spick How about you not gonna watch the alien sag a, did you watch it? No, they have a leader playing alien Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah See there you go, Brian I heard it was great, oh picker playing alien Yeah, sounds real life to me Here's a mobile and full-bodied L-Hoe Hello Neil? Yes sir Hey, congratulations Um, on what? I'm having a great show Oh, okay, thank you I'm sorry I was changing from way into the other Anyways, um, tomorrow I get married And for my honeymoon we're going to Toronto and Montreal Yes sir Um, partly because of your, uh, you know, your expertise and stuff like that Um, what makes you unique, I guess, is, uh, the fact that you're gay for yet, you know, you rip on people and, you know, you're cool about it so Yeah I don't know, congratulations and, uh, can you play the song that the bit of the lady and says A lot of mind about blanking his brother at the end Spouse, bottle or rousal How old are you? I'll think about it Thank you, Dr. See you Like you had, like you had a tummy of someone that was Come on George You're too obsessed with a similar list Probably some good Palestinians in it That's why you're like it It was a good movie I'll take you word for it I'm sure it was a, what I think is probably the best movie that was ever made No You want to home I bet it's the, well, the top 10,000 movie that was ever made Okay, okay There you go So we finally reached an agreement And I only have to have for ways by time seeing it I don't want to see it I don't want to see it Do you want to go see the 10 commandments? I saw it I did too And I'm sorry that I wasted my time seeing it It was good to see once No, it was not Do you want to go see co-votis? See it So that was what's in Very good movie Both versions You know who was in that? Which version? Who played Neural? The original one Oh, that's a, what's she got? He's not a swish The original, the original He's been on Oh, that version I'm not talking about Biggest Dickies Oh Here's a mobile in Bokeh Hello Hello, Giel Yes sir Hey, I've only had some I'm a trans-lippin boss I think George got that movie confused with Collegula What is it? You mentioned about Shadow earlier Yeah Is there any place in Florida? Yeah, kind of good Shadow at all Yeah Where? The, the wing of the, what's the place of Renea Soadrass? George, the seafood, uh, Legal seafood, yeah Oh, I got that up on Boston I don't know that, it's the one place down here though And also, let me see It's the only place I said that we have legal seafood I said the only place Okay All right, I'm going to play Yeah The only thing I want to say I think George is right about seeing this list Dude, like it for a week for the cinematography The acting And I think it is one of the probably the top 20 movies Oh, ever made One of the top 20 ever made I would think I mean, if you look at the camera angles, the acting Yeah But, what's the way the camera angles? Sure, I need to make a film business I'm telling you The way the way it is, slow down See, I don't watch a movie to critique it I'm not a film critic I watch a movie to enjoy it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I'm not going to get it I don't want it I want it I'm not going to get it I want it I want it I want it He's going to go to legal seafood and try the child Because he wants to look into a thing that I said Forget all these pseudo-mindul-etralizing of the movie it's just good You're sitting there It's entertaining It moves fast How about the diary van Frank? See this is enough to make me want to play that fit again I just play the afternoon. I got a duck from in the tradition of the disaster musical Wow into Lloyd Weber's Jews in the attic the Anne Frank diaries. You'll leave the fear humming those catchy tunes like no more beans I'm writing all this down. Don't flush till not see's go home I turn in my parents for a stick of the odor it's Jews in the attic van Frank diaries CD available now You got a death threat for playing that bitch. Sure. Why oh? That's right. They knew you liked the Palestinians. I don't like them never met once You never met Benny him? Nope 567.056 people. Maybe that's by me could cure your illness. Okay. All that ales you Shimmer list you've got to be Schmidt me man. It's a good move. I'm not gonna watch it. I won't lie You know something if we had 400 calls in a row now and everybody said you know something you would love it Be though your favorite movie of your life. I still wouldn't watch it. Wouldn't be your favorite Just because you're so hell bent. I'm trying to make me watch it. I don't want to see it I don't want to see anymore guy James you can not see movies Here's a mobile and cool spring. So I think you're 100% right that's in the movie Oh Everybody Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I could find, oh, You can drop it, you can squeeze it, you can plumb it at the heart. Oh, you just go, you can throw it, you can even roll it, go get it at the heart. You can take it to the right, you can spell it, you can plumb it at the heart. Let's do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch, you can do it to the punch Once more, please give this to your hands, Jesus Christ love the Lord Amen Today we are at the end of Paul's day, today will startzanmeud. some good stuff. Yeah, our doctor's rip pens. Joe was only from Rothoff as a part of good piezo. Uh-huh. That guy. Dr. Griff. Let me just recommend since we have a lot of followers out there. Not too many leaders, but a lot of followers. If you want a great pen. I mean, no kid, pen is a pen, right? A great ballpoint pen. Dr. Griff. Get a grip with Dr. Griff. Brick. Griff. So we're all going to go home now. We're going to watch him move list. Yeah, I was given that choice. You either stay here and do the rest of the show at the last two hours or go home and watch him. There's less. They said, okay, let's go watch that. Yeah. See ya. Here's a mobile in Vogue. Hello. Hey, my home Vogue. Yes, sir. Hi. I had a question for you. I haven't seen Chandler's list, but I've been to Yad for Shem. I guess that's like reality TV. But I had a question for you. Have you ever seen the show crossing over with John Edwards? No. He's claimed they talked to dead people. They talked to him and I wanted to know. I think, and listen, I talked to the people every day for four hours for a living. What's wrong with that? Well, I think it's a fix, but I know that you're not. He's on my office. I don't know how they do it. He may have seen it. He's a faker, another medium. Another faker. But how do they do it? I'm just asking you how they do it. He's an ugly trickery. He's another plea over the different accent. I know. I know. Yeah, he's making a lot of money. Hey, there's a good buddy. I wrote for my Latin city, he stops in Hollywood where I, I remixed the difference. Look at his, he's laughing. He's smiling. He's always a happy camper, I like, what's his name? Yeah, that guy. No, we don't mention that guy's name on ear anymore. Rhymes would snott. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Live. How does it go? Good. That's good. Here's the homestead, hello. Anyhow, it's going. Pretty good. I got up to a couple of theories on why Georgia's defending a motion. No. You know what you sound like? One of those chronic pain in the ass. That's what you sound like to me. Chronic, you're boring, you're voice drives me nuts. It's like scraping nails on a blackboard. So listen to the NFL draft show. Get a life pound. Go back to your circles, you're okay. Go back to the Estableness, you're good out of here. 237 hosts on our survey. How interested are you in the NFL draft? If I hear the word draft again, I'll puke 72. 30%. Somewhat, 66. Not at all, 59 and a lot, 40, 16.8%. So not over the 184% of these people say to the draft. Okay, enough of the draft already. Enough of the draft already. Got it, damn it. Man. Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how about the draft show coming up now? Non-parameter. I'm a psych. Hey, Neil. I got that in my two cents there. I got a group of that guy. He was kind of an answer earlier. But he's right there. Shiddler's list. I mean, it's like pulling teeth. It's a very slow movie. Very boring. There's a couple of good parts. But now we're getting to the middle of the matter. I don't think the guy had a good plan. Why is George so hell bad? There's never been any other movie that he said you must watch this movie. He's never ever. I don't know you must watch it. I guess I know you. I guess I know you. I think you would love it. I think I would. Good. My favorite movie of all time, Neil, is a prison movie. And you said prison movie early. I don't know if you're talking about the Shawshang redemption. Yeah, I have a watch. I got the tape. That is a very good movie. Is it really? Yeah, absolutely. Okay, I'll go home and watch it today. Alright, for the next two hours, right? Right after Shindler's list. Neil and, uh, including Neil, Neil. Okay, see ya. So, the, uh, we took a poll, a little mini poll on the thing here. And everybody said Shindler's list sucked. Do not watch it. George is just trying to be another guy. He's always out there. Robert is a part of the entire universe. He's a part of the entire universe. So, right? What? That guy never saw the movie. How did he know that? He saw it. So, another rough flow. Anybody who ever saw who didn't like it is full of crap. No one saw it that didn't like it. Yeah, it's just good. It's a good piece of movie making. I've seen a lot of things that I thought were good, but you probably wouldn't agree. They were good, okay? Not moving this all the way. And maybe some movies, too. Subject matter. Yeah. Right. Give us your voice in the sand. Okay, where are we going? Here's a mobile and Cooper city, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. They were all legal age, go away. What is it? First of all, I want to appreciate you for all the good time what you're giving us. Yes, sir. And the price is right, too. Right. And another question. Did you have any respond on your yesterday? No, we got with the Mariah, because obviously I didn't hear probably the whole show because I'm on delivery. Regret. The Mariah, carry? Yes. They said she sucks watermelons. Right. That's true. I mean, but why it was such a big job and down in your career. Did somebody analyze it? What is it? Did somebody know this slide was so quick down for her for the less two albums? Why was so quick down? Yes. I mean, it's obviously, while she was married on this guy on the Tommy Matolley, you know, the head of the song, everything was fine for her. Yeah. So, as soon as she broke up, everybody noticed that she's nothing like a big, huge blow-up. Okay. Thank you, sir. Anybody have any idea what he just said? No. He said she's going down. And she sucks watermelons. 565. 560. 560. On the AT&T and for rise and more, it's time we got food here now, sir. Everybody forgot about Schindler's list. I have only one question. If I can find a guy to end thing on here. About this whole Schindler's list thing. Yeah. Eight minutes passed down in a QA and we threw out a great night's sleep tonight. You can go away for a lot of money and a bedding or departments to be able to pay for their big overhead rent. But if you want to get a mattress to smartway, do what I always do. Call the people who are giving the smart way to do it. Dile mantras. Dile mantras. 360. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T. And for rise and more, it's time we got to get some rest. You didn't like little Alex? No. 560. 560. On the AT&T. And for rise and more, it's time. But it's time we got to get a QA. Here's the fact that says, I mean, this is pathetic. I wish you could see this facts. The first part would be a tip off. But it goes on this way. After I had been to Amsterdam over 10 times, I found it small and boring. Yeah, I got something small and boring for you. And the Europeans just as close minded and intolerant as Americans. They just smile at you and keep it to themselves. I'll take it. And last, what is the Civil War and WWE 2 going to end? Thanks. Yeah, this is a rather confusing. You must be in coherent Thursday and Friday. That's what happened last today. As we just got left out. Thanks for bringing this into it. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T and for rise and more, it's time. 251 people on our poll today on theorodues.com. How interested are you in the NFL draft? If I hear that we're drafted, I'll puke. Say 70, 8, that's 31%. Someone interested 67, not at all 65 and a lot, 41, or 16.3% end dropping down. Here's a call in Ken Brown the show. He's an expert on me, etc. Thank you very much sir. Have a nice life. 560. 560. I don't have total content for the audience. I have total content for assholes. And if there are nice people out there, which we have a few, there are a fine in my book. They don't have to be rocket scientists, just like nice. So I'm two stupid. We'll move a little bit to understand in the movie. So I guess I can't watch your George. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Okay. You know what? I just thought I'd throw my two cents. I got a story for you. But it's fresh. I'm just going to go. I kind of like it. You know, I don't know if George remembers a one little spot of color that they had in the whole movie. Yeah. You do remember. Yes. Okay. A real spot. Maybe that's why he liked it. Yeah. Well, you know, I thought it was a good movie overall. I mean, you know, I'm not really mad as I did, you know, start with. But Dr. Javago. Listen. Two comments. One slow back in person. Dr. Javago. Oh, it's just a joke. All right. Well, listen. A couple things. And the second thing I'd like to do is I kind of had an accident today on my underwear. And I, you know, what it up and cleaned it up through in the microwave to try to dry it off. Because I'm here at the office, you know what I mean? Let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello. Well, I was dying about my God. Well, this is me. I'm going to extend the footage. First of all, happy footage. Well, it's better. I'm heading down for George. But he paired it up. Better. Listen. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I mean, if I'm emotionally stable enough to watch passions a couple of times at NBC, I can hear handle the shins. But let me try something like that. I don't know. Why is that? How far the aisles in this town wouldn't sit for three hours to watch any movie. And those were the same aisles that think rabble should have got them at Can they work? Yeah. So that's my true sense. I'm a good one. I'm happy for 20. Okay. Thank you. Thanks for your fourth call today. Happy court. That was wollen. I won'''p �'t take that. I beg your poem for voll and line, That was more 20. Isn't that the club Calcre? Oh, it is. How many hours I know that? So minor times. Yeah. Georgia was a derivative of time. Yeah. What did one socor 0? What did one do? What does it mean? It's a drug reference. Meaning what? Yeah, he's looking at me, but he don't want to say it, getting all red in the face. What does it mean? Getting purple in the face now. What does it mean? That's somebody else he's playing. Oh! He says, what somebody else is playing if a my ship and did come in, I'll see you all on a weekend. Whatever that means. Yeah? I have no idea what it means. Good. That's good. Don't do drugs, okay? Don't do drugs. A little pot, but don't do drugs. But if you need some, here's a lady in plantation, hello. Can I have some of that, Chimney? Yeah. Nail. Yes, ma'am. You know, while I was waiting, you mentioned some of my absolute favorite movies, which would kind of like indicate that I think you'd like to do similar things. I love to clock record one. Right. But I want to ask you, do you think the Godfather was slow? No. Okay. So I am a person who had to be dragged, kicking and breathing. The only part of the Godfather that was slow was in the very beginning. I love America. It was a great dark. And if there are people mumbling and talking in the theater, you can't hear what they're saying. Because the audio is very low in parts and that, you know. But other than that, the Godfather once a God going, it sure wasn't slow. Of course. Well, I wanted to tell you about what George said. Yeah. I had to be dragged, kicking and screaming, because Seetion was worth it. I did not want to see it. I thought I'd cry, which I did, through part of the movie. But it was done so beautifully, and I agree with George, it was fast. That Godfather said it was slow, it was not slow. And it caught my attention. And I couldn't, I mean, to me it was very riveting. It was, I don't think anyone could have directed it like Steven Spielberg did. And the performances were unbelievable. And it was such a beautiful story. If, if, if, if, if, if, if, if it was a great story, if, for God, what, what was about and it was about something that was said. But the story and and what Schindler did and how he did it and the way people lived in that time. It was, I mean, you don't have to see it. But I want you to ask for it. There are two chances of my singing. None and much, much less. I've enjoyed thought, okay, even though I was forced. After I saw it, I was happy that I did. Uh-huh. That's all I'm going to say. And the show is saying, for Demtion, excellent movie. Then I will watch. Okay. Thanks. Bye. For happy 420. You're going to start saying that to people, then they're going to think I'm a drug deal like George. Does Miguel la with that means? Happy 420. See, can't you believe that he can't keep a straight face. Can't keep a straight face when he knows what it means. Druggy. They're doing drugs here, Greg. They're doing drugs. Of course, that's not going to be unusual. I'll wholesale the province, do it on him. Just as PD line. Look at George's purple in the face again. Here's a mobile and palm beach, yellow. Yeah. It's the international number for smoking pot. My Scorpio friend. Yeah. It is. Well, what was saying? Actually, the editor for High Times magazine was on CNN News at the work of the morning talking about it. Talking about it, saying what? Saying what? What is it to say about it? I don't get it. And have a great day. See, that's what happens when you smoke too much pot. You get like this last guy. Okay. Yeah. I'm going a little bit too fast for this guy, all right. Pass this next. 5, 6, I mean. So what does that mean? So what's the big deal with it? See, this goes back again to a very juvenile approach to the whole thing if he acts me. I could be wrong about that. But I've noticed that the people who've called and said that all sound like about eight years old going on six. Probably some of your customers. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50. 5, 50, 50. What is it? Why do you keep saying? Because it irritates you. Oh. And you get purple and a face every time I say it. And because the Zoltan told me you got some good Schmidt. Here's a mobile on Hollywood, hello. Hey, well, you're fine. What is it? It's your ring. Speaking. Neil, you're on my arm. It sounds just like you. Hey, how you doing? Listen. Great. Oh, Shenmere's list. Just go to Shenmere's list. And uh... Okay, yeah. Ah. Welcome. Ah. Bottoms up, pal. Here's a mobile on Kendall, hello. Hi, Neil. Pretty good. Okay, I don't know the reasoning behind it. But for 20 apparently, some of you would ask anybody in the same line of thinking. What time is it? What's for 20 means it's time to go get high. Well, isn't that revolutionary? There's a whole basic, whatever anyway. You know what it sounds like to me? It sounds like the same people are sped about four hours and they've picked in the seeds out of their weed. You know? And now that we're talking about it, it will change something out because everybody paranoid. Which is nearly as much fun as picking the seeds out of your rectum. Have a good weekend. And you too. For 20. For 20, it was on the west. He's got the code. He cracked the code. When he's a cracker. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and brecum, Verizon Wireless Line. Another crack problem here in South Florida today. For 20. For 20. Every time I give it a time, it says, it's 1225, which it is. I'll just say it's for 20 here on QAM. Yeah, they'll get just a pot crowd out there. Are we already got them? Grow up America. Grow to hell up. Can you do it? Or I didn't think so. You know, all those times have been answered. I never heard anybody say for 20. Even when it was for 20. Because they don't have to there. They just say, let's go smoke dope. Because they would probably say it's like, 12420 would be 1620. Ladies and gentlemen, let's share it time there. Yeah. Don't you understand that this is the one. This country in England, which England does use military time. But on TV, they don't refer to it. This is the only country in the world that uses like, well, you know, Canada. And this is also the only country that doesn't use the metric system. Metrics system is a tool of the devil. When you buy gas and Canada, it's by the leader. Take me to your leader. But anyway, that's the way it goes because we got to be different, baby. We got to end you see the way it's working. You hear these calls today? I'm working like a charm. So anyway, it's for 20 on QAM. Can you grow a county, sound photos, premier computer training facility. Fash rate is expanded in the west broad. Alright. You got a ball on the plane. Made with a train. In that problem at night. It's been a long time. It's been a long time. I don't mind. Yeah, just in the home road. There's running snow. Never the time will be high. It's been a long time. Oh, this is a long day. And it's fine. Oh, man. That's nice. It goes crazy. When it's bad. When the sun is shining. When it's bigger, it's better dead. It'll be my hands. You've been caught so much as... What's for you? Where do you lose? There run my best, it came out of my dreams. And into my life. Oh, how it makes me feel fine. It's been a long day. Oh, beautiful and fine. Hopefully, we're just discussing here during the break. And for discovering all these new things today. What is that? Trucker thing that they're always using. All those CB radio guys, you know, ten four good buddy. I still think it means me to get the rest off. Oh, buddy. There's what I'm probably doing. What's your 1020? What are they talking about? So here's the fact that says it shows how out of the loop. I've got a happy 420 meant today's day. And George had 45 calls saying the same thing. Well, what's wrong with those people? It is 420. And since the rest of our drug addicts like you are, we wouldn't know these things. Don't you get addicts? What? I'm just an efficient out of. Just a peddler. Here's a... Mobile and Miami Springs, hello. Hey. Yes, sir. I think it's a police code for a marijuana bus. Yeah. 420. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Here's a mobile and Western, hello. You, God. Speaking. Yes, your 420 originated in Humboldt County, California, back in the early 70s. A group of seniors used to get out of class of 4, or meet at 420 every day to co-co. Really? Yes, sir. And keep up the good work, sir. And have a good day. Okay. Thank you, sir. Bottoms up. So we're going a little weed lesson here today. So what time is the big... Smoke in today? 420. 315. I heard it's about 1235. What has happened? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. This is in response to that guy from Stewart. He said you couldn't appreciate Shindra's list. Yes, because I hate the... I have nothing but content for the audience and everything. And him in particular. Neil, I've been listening to you for almost 20 years. I know you're values and I know you're also a and a consummate entertainer. I know how you chant in a lot of causes that you don't talk a lot about. I know what you did for Norm Kent. I know you're values. You'd like the movie. The problem is the problem is the thing the chinards with list is about the Holocaust is like saying, movie dick's about chasing whales. Yeah. It's a movie about... Well, nobody's not about chasing whales, is it about... Well, I'm not going to get into that. Oh, okay, good. But anyhow, look, it's about a totally A-Morrow guy who suddenly gets in touch with the fact that he has certain morals and certain convictions. That's the movie. It's real simple. Shindra was totally A-Morrow. By the end of the movie, he has a strong moral code and the movie is about how that happened. And I happen to think, having listened to you for a number of years, and knowing your values that you would find that interesting. Okay. And of course. I'll think about it. Thank you. Bye. What do I think? I got to watch it? No. I don't know. I'll mull it over. Do you say mull it? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Signs. We're getting lunch from Ruth's Christmas way. Are you like that? Man, oh man, I might actually come in for that. Lunch from Ruth's Chris. That was it. Still going to be says, believe by the time it gets here. The meat will be soon. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, man. How are you? Pretty good. One of the reasons why I think the people should watch Shoshan there's less. And I'm taking it from real person to stand point. I wanted those to. I thought it had to be tracked, but it was a good thing to see it. After having a father who was in the road to the 19 year old Jewish kid out of Detroit, who had to go into the camp, such as Birgon, Beltson and Buchenwald, and head to free the. The people that were there were remaining at five. Spielberg did such an incredible job of portraying. What it was like in the camp. What these people went through. He seems pretty much. When you talk to these soldiers such as my father, we're still at your recruiting. There was one scene which someone like George may remember at the end. Near the end of the film. And now people are walking up to a Russian comapstar. We found a horse and basically asking him where do we go from here. And my father who spoke, Yiddish and German, and the people understood the fact that he could just kid. First, first, but private. Everyone was walking up to him and asking him where do we go from here? And the man had no idea. But the movie left such an impact on him. And a few of the other soldiers that had really. Did such a very accurate portrayal in anybody who got family that was involved in one of the one about the Holocaust. This really was the right film to say. Yeah, but I, that's my point. I don't want to learn about the Holocaust. I've seen all the documentaries. I've seen the ones that put it footage of Nazi shot themselves. I've seen Holocaust movies to come out of my ears. Really not for someone. Let's put it this way. Someone even who like you sell for myself who is Jewish. But for those, the kids who never saw this, the kids who need to learn to disdain things actually happen. They're still actually happening in some of the other countries with what happening cause of all. It's a great historical document. Okay. Well, I'm not saying that other people shouldn't see it. I just don't think I, I just can't handle any more Holocaust movies. All of us, you know. I can't say it, blame me. It's a movie that for my standpoint, I would see I could only see once and even then had to get a hot walk out of a few of the things. Anyway, we would like to watch an Exodus, you know, the audience and actually this while I want to see that. It's going to actually kind of could move you, but I agree with you 100%. Yeah, I totally understand. It would be like my voice, spending my time instead of a new orphan going to Israel, you know? Yes, you know what that's what I put. I agree with you. Okay, I'll see you on a couple of days. Take your church. So I get's on. Do you just don't get it? And the reason you don't get is because you're not Jewish because you haven't been seen all of that. It's very, very interesting and disturbing and, uh, etc. And yes, we should not forget any audio audio and the guy from Stuart that called it, you know, wants to turn into a personal attack. Let me see all you have to do is one thing I've learned if nothing else about this show over these last eight million years. All you have to do is say something that people don't agree with and that pisses them off because they don't agree. And right away, that opens up the door. They want to attack you personally. Not just the possibility that A they could be wrong or B there's room for a difference of opinion. No, because you don't agree. Therefore, you're an emotional cripple. You don't have the intellectual capacity to enjoy. Yadi, adi, adi, adi, adi, etc. And so on. And my response to him is, Cox, a voice. It's your salvation, this Christmas. There's a Jesus of Nazareth Shop on Business Loop 80. Right next to Chrysler Almighty, Moulder. Sing it a thanks. Wait to hear this. I shouldn't read the story in the middle of lunch. I'll just read this from my hometown. Rochester, New York from the Rochester Democrat in Chronicle, the story comes. A Greece, not as in Greece in the country, but the suburb of Rochester. A Greece couple has filed a 15.5 million dollar civil lawsuit against Burger King Corporation and three employees accused of participating in a food tampering scheme. What's here this? The lawsuit filed this weekend states Supreme Court claims that the world's second largest food chain negligently operated at the restaurant on the true way in Henrietta. Three employees were accused last year of spitting or urinating on a water sandwiches, spraying them with oven cleaner or throwing them on the floor before serving them. Gamaliel Dominguez of Northgate Manor claims that he suffered severe gastrointestinal injuries after eating one of the contaminated woppers. You ever have a bad wiper in your post? Yeah. He's taking three and a half million dollars in damages plus ten million dollars in punitive damages. He's wife Plair is asking for one million dollars in damages and an additional million dollars in punitive damages because he fears that her husband's problems will affect her health. It might rub off. A lot presented it from Burger King Corporation based in Miami could not be reached for comedy yesterday. Also named and defended the lawsuit as HMS host company and all the company that manages restaurants at true way arrest stops. According to the lawsuit, Gamaliel Dominguez remains sick and disabled and burdened by large hospital bills, he'll require additional therapy and treatment in the future lawsuits. The three employees who were fired after a colleague told a manager of the alleged food tampering were charged last May. Prosecutor said the reviews of contaminating food at the restaurant from October 1999 to April of 2000. Daniel P. Monson, 18 of Henry, had appointed the guilty to first agreed tampering with a consumer product agreed to cooperate with investigators. Monson was yet to be sentenced to receive no less than six months in county jail or no more than one to three years in state prison. Janet M. Deluca, Janet, a young lady, 18 of Scottsville, was a quit in January of a misdemeanor charge of second week tampering with a consumer product that had to be charged at the time. And Scott B. Savino, a Guido, 20 of the schedule of going on trial and lung recovery in the next month. The Henry had a man face his felony charges the first week tampering with a consumer product and secondary assault. Yeah. It reminds me of T. Willard Ferre and those stories from K.T. from those interviews many, many years ago when he dragged him up, spitting him in the soup so we could duck you. He would have white man. How do you like that? You think we got like shfarts out there and somebody's Haitians and the kitchen spitting in the soup and some of those restaurants? Can you really believe that? Yeah. Spitting in and you're reenating. Gorgeous. In our food. Hidden cameras everywhere. Wow. Sure makes me want to rush off for dinner this weekend. Special like the Booger King. Here's a mobile and plantation. Hello. Okay. Nice talking to you too. Mumbling in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. Anybody that could watch Shinders list and not be so we undertain. I have a lot of space between there. Yeah. Are you looking at a barrel? I don't know. We're at what's the big anchor are you in a speaker phone? It's me and I'm in my house. Okay. I'm also I don't know. These people are a little high. This isn't a historical document about the Holocaust or how a man finds his morality. It just shows how that even in the dark deepest dark is tragedy you can find humor. And maybe George remembers I won't give it away. But there was a scene where a fence was really an upper middle class. Well, the Jewish family was thrown out of their house and sent into this little room. One room, a novel in the ghetto that would have paced peeling it everything. And the guy looks around and sat on the bed and it's about the burst out and tears and his wife passed him on the head and says, no, no, no. You don't cry. You know, things could be a lot worse. And he says, you out of your mind, how could it be worse? And I won't give it away. What happens, but maybe George remembers. It was I don't know. I know the line she says you could be working for Greg Reed. Maybe that's it. Yeah. And even I said one of the movies there were even some teenage shots of kids. And there even they thought it was a good movie. He had to be a real idiot, a real uptight idiot. And that's enjoy that movie. Okay. And then right after that, watch Josh and that's a great one too. Okay, too. Okay. I guess I got my agenda for the rest of the week. Better fight. Skip Shawshen. Oh, what? Skip the Shawshen. Because it was only moderately good when you compare it to like, Shindler's list or something. Now, plus Jason, no work here anymore anyway. He came up with a big bug and he said, Hey, if anybody that wants me to take part, they ever got to get it back. No. There's nothing worse than people alone you stuff and then wanted back. I mean, stuff like that. If it was something bad, you were no problem. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How I trusted are you and the NFL draft your number of six votes? Leading the way if I hear the word draft again, I'll puke 92 people said that. Seems like you really popular answer. Someone interested 86, not at all 76 and a lot, 52, 16.9%. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to give the explanation for it's 2020. Yeah. It's also people who wish me the drafts go smoke. Yeah. Okay. Okay, thanks. Okay. In this great, that's really good. I'm going to have a good education about these punks. Boring, boring, boring. So you have to think that's the biggest difference between the so-called marijuana culture in this country and in places that are like more enlightened like in Holland. Not that I want to bring that up again. Because of the fact that there's not the criminal stigma attached to it there. And that people can go into coffee shops and sit down and they have menus. And you can order like whatever you want to smoke and a little hash whatever. And they don't approach it from a juvenile standpoint. Just like sex. They don't approach it from a juvenile standpoint. But in America because everything is the forbidden fruit. There has to be like a lot of tutoring and a lot of code and all of these things that go on around it. Which continue keeping us show in our in our preteen years and are like our pre-ad lessons. North Miami Beach, hello. New God. Yes, sir. How you doing? All right. Hey, happy for 20. Yeah, sure. Hey, I'm a, I'm a, I just smoked a fatty at work. And I got a nice rest of the day to work on you. Hmm. Hey, I just want to say you're great. You're amazing. And listen, where can I get one of the best of tapes? 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. And Verizon Marlese line. Here's a mobile and haven't sure, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, how you doing? Look. More 20. That's today's date. Man, that's what it is. Yeah, we know that. Okay. Well, that's what they mean. Yeah, know they don't. And have you seen? Hello. Have I seen one? Have you seen that, that private baby killer who's they can say, will cry on the TV because they say that they've worked. 670, 560, 560, on the AT&T. And Verizon Marlese line. So the verdict is, and I watched in Shindler's list. I mean, you know, it's very, it's going a lot of good time. Glad you brought it up. That was our slum. I didn't think I did. Yeah, you did. Somebody else did, not just trying to. Oh. Well, whoever brought it up, thank you very much. Betty, Betty, much. Kill a lot of great time. I brought up passions, which I think is much more entertaining. Probably not as quite as intellectual for that guy in the story. It's more as what my speed passions. Because it's fun and because of the factors in good looking people in it. Make it. You know, stuff like that. Not thought I'm the voice to a good, you know, like mind-blowing movie, something that will make you think, but not about you. I don't want to see juice though. Don't you want to hear it? Okay. I'm hit. Don't you get it? Just. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Hello, Neil. Speaking. Yes. First time, long nine. Uh-huh. Hey, I'm going to give you a low down on port 20. Yeah. Probably here's the, let me, this is the final final. Yeah, and this is just final one, one on port 20. Yeah, here it is. You ready? Yeah. It's a, it's marijuana use in progress in California. That's the police scanner signed for it. And everyone around in California is smoking products. That's their international call sign. But it's just the mirror of the police scanner. That's what it is. Okay, sounds pretty boring to me. Yeah, it's pretty much it is. I mean, a bunch of products out there. Okay, thanks. Thanks. Like picking the seeds like I said, sifting, picking, twist, got to get him out of there somehow, man. Yeah. No comment. Here's the mobile info, Laterdale. Hello. Hey, Howard. George, George, I'll have the seeds out before you buy his crap. Okay, this would be the way. George, sift the seeds out ahead of that yourself. No, hell, hell, they do. That's not what Zoltenset. Mobile info, Laterdale, hello. And the hell, how are you? Pretty good. Hey, this call is called in a little while ago. Telling you that anybody that doesn't like similar blitz has thanks between their How do you know what you like and what you go along? Exactly. It's like, if I like vanilla ice cream, I mean, who do I like to say that you should like a chocolate ripple? Like a different stroke for different folks? Yeah, I know what you mean. You know, and there's a thing that everybody was going to like to say movie. They would only come out with one movie at a time and said, like, you know, 15 movies every weekend. There'd only be one. Right. Another thing I like is these people that call up and say, how much they hate your show, but they said, listen to it? Oh, yeah. I saw the perfect cartoon. I should practice to get shows like, uh, blondie and Dagwood driving down the road in the car. And he said, and to her, he says, I hate this talk show. Oh, see such a loud mouth. And then the next box, he says, why don't you change the station and get some music. And then the next box, he's won't be quiet. He's coming back on. Right. Exactly. Perfect. Yeah. Yeah. That was excellent. That's the definitive, uh, Jack H. out there. Oh, we can't stand him. He's disgusting. And he's an atheist and he's a fatty. Yeah. Yeah. And they can tell you every single thing. They can even tell you what my thoughts are like. Oh, yeah. And he'll have it a clock out. I was like a blueberry. Uh, well, my yeah. Which is amazing. Because I haven't had blueberries a long time. But I do like blueberries. Maybe with that blueberry enema that I had last Thursday. Uh, I still be lingering. Five, six, seven, five, six, three. I said, lingering. I'm not fingering. I'm pound five, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Four, 20. Four, 20. Four, 20. Four, 20. Four, 20. Four, 20. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Heal. Will they ever grow up, sir? No, the answer is no. Yes. Good afternoon. Winnestia. I've been a listener for about 10 years. Uh-huh. And with all of the talent that you have. Yes. There's a lot of people who have been here. They've been here. And I just wondered, you know, you have such impeccable taste and rock and roll. And frequently criticized this chalky thinger on the air. And I, by the way, agree with those criticism. Put up, they've just chalkies. Well, whatever they are. Well, you know, it's a shame you can't take like 30 minutes out of a program and just play some music that you like. No. We're going to have no audience. Well, first of all, it's not a music show. Thank you very much for watching. I would appreciate your consideration. We're talking about 2 working businesses, as we both take and review the Board of Engineers. We talk about research as it deals with the childcare jobs. To clever authors who will turn a digital slide could do industries as a one day you go back and do those great guests and those great topics used to do years ago. Now see you understand that's why I stopped doing it that's why I'm here today. That's why I'm not out peddling spots in Dahlahala Hall or in the Burenna you know a Shmata on my head like Steve came. Because I had nothing else to force I to see that it was dead you know like beating a dead horse just like some people don't see the you know the hand writing on a well with sports talk. I'm sorry that I say that I was telling that to one of our sales holes this morning. Don't you understand it was it's a who was a fan. But when you come right now to what after you've said you know the same things about the same forecoaches and the same 14's and the same you know 30 or 40 boring a little with Josh what else is there to say. Baseball sounds good on the air and but baseball sounds good on the air even though we're losing our ass on it but we are sons of a spot on this year let's hear it. But I wasn't quite as much of our ass as I always have a great salesmanship that is Bob Eisenberg. Oh that must be it or maybe it's a lovely piece he's going to say that must be. Oh yeah. Maybe maybe they're willing to sign a contract anything else or anything just get out of here and take that musk rat with you. That kind of thing. Like Kimmy. Good for it. Good for it. Good for it. It's one or two or five sixty by the way we got the facts already okay we got a yesterday about Greg Viele is back on life. You know Greg Viele. He's an asshole. Not that everybody doesn't like it Greg but do we wish him all the success in a world? No. Yeah a lot of you keep coming back here. Doesn't he understand the people here hate him like poison doesn't he get that? No. So anyway I heard this great story about Greg Viele from Phil the Bugman. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I bet you this is another something different. Good thank God. We already got the facts about Greg Viele and nobody cares okay that he's playing lifeless music on life on a feminine morning. Just like nobody cared money was on wire seat and nobody cared when he was on love 94 and nobody cared in the first place. They hate you Greg. In fact this is really going to shock you but Greg H. How do you like that? Yeah. Yeah look in the mirror. Greg H. Here's a mobile and coconut cream. Hey Neil how you doing? Pretty good. I heard you talking about Shawshank before did they? Did you have a saw? I'm a bigger part. Did you have a saw Shawshank? It is what because I said I just have a... Oh George said to you to skip it. I suppose to similar. No Jason who used to work here in a sports he loan me the Shawshank tape like two years ago and I just never got it at home I never got around a one. Oh it's got the best moments of prison sex. Oh I'll pass on it. Oh you're fine. Oh you're fine but it's fun prison sex because... Well if it's fun for you go have a good time okay. Call a cops get that guy. It's fun prison sex. Is there any other kind? Here's Papeno hello. Great you deal back on life. I thought a few weeks ago he was just bragging how he's doing so great as being some executive running some company someplace. So that's right. Remember when he called and then write himself to me a part of my talk. Yeah we went to the last radio again. Right. You know we doesn't want to get back into... There's a word for Greg Beauty. Let's call loser. Perfectal loser. The life suits him perfect. Yeah life was. Plan flush. Hey speaking of radio reports. So I'm going to... I already went to a cop at a guy I wanted to do with him. Exactly. And even Don King. Ron and Sezi are in WWE in New York. Yeah. I can't have it. I'm going to be talking if you need to. You play their spot. Would have been out there spot. But they're a little bit of an attempt. Yeah. Contra on the air. They made it New York. Hey Ron and Fez. Excellent. Very similar to true. Yeah. Yeah. It'll be a little feppy. And before I go it's true that they're straffting. Every station you've been on. We went on IOD before. And the oldest post keeps going to follow this. And it's every freaking April. The whole weekend. Who's taking number 96. And it's like who gives a rat. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Let me put it to this way. The NHL draft. Okay. That's coming up in tune. Which is going to be here this year. Yeah. Now when the Leafs get their pick. I'll pay attention to who they got. And after that I'll go back to whatever. I'll go back to whatever. Passion. I would have wrested on. And you know, sometimes when you're watching or whatever you just throughout the day you've flipping through and there are these same people. They're sitting there like it's like they're covering the lure. Yeah. You know, like this is really important. And it's like a. It's a cool real. Yeah. Joseph Gacky said. And the Lyra Colmer. I was going to suit up for the offense. Anybody seen him like they know. And what was it? John. I mean, all these guys that rock they don't even make it to the first down. And again, who cares? Yeah. And I was just trying to try my P.P. park. Well, I thought they were bankrupt. Why do they keep corner pool player? And it's nine bucks to park there. More than the more than tickets. No wonder why nobody goes. The interesting thing of it is, pro player is bang. Rep. I don't think they got any. But any other sucker yet who wants to pay for the. Maybe you're right. If I had a company, I was bangled with. I thought would you still let me so keep. Yeah. But doesn't it fit in perfect for a list of the town? I'm probably going to get one for the day. Okay. Have a great day. A little bit too hysterical for me. You know what I'm saying? A little bit too worked up because I'm trying to say a thing. You know, maybe they can't hear me. Is that possible? What? For 20. You got changed for 20? For 5. 5.670560. 5.560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Miami. Hello. Oh, no. Here's Boker. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay. Made it through the week. Thank you. Deal, doc. All right. Hey. You can enjoy this. Remember your old friend Johnny Depp? Yeah. All right. He has in an interview. I was just reading. I wanted you to hear this. I'm probably already read it on a year. A couple of days ago about how he is a fierce for this country. He's too dangerous. That's why they live in France. Right. One thing here is his random violence. Brandt and ignorance. Glutney, greed and vision. And TV shows where people have an opportunity to become millionaires. And 50 minutes makes me have a reason to leave. Right. And I just thought that was a very important job. He's not so dumb as we thought actual. Just because he used to live in his car. That's right. Well, hey, man. Have a great weekend. And always enjoy your trip. For 20. Thank you. Now, what are you laughing about in there? Well, by the way, George says he's got the apples of life at his weekend. Just line up at his door. I wish. Lots of, uh, agnog. 560560. And Verizon Wireless line. Don't you know what it's like? Why, why, why, why, why you think of this big dealer. Nobody's a dealer. I have a, I wonder. I never say you were zero behind that. You're playing with them a dealer that I'm, but I don't. So what I'd rather would it be more fun to see. Like, a little nickel in diamond. It's more fun that way. Like, okay, to make it sound like you've got some big drug enterprise going on. Every once in a while you run into some desperado that just doesn't know anybody else like Zoltan, right? For in our sales department, for an example, who's desperate and like a once a year or something like that. We're dating Dan, Dan, the word, how's he doing? Oh, we're fine. Right. Whoever's got that's who you get from. By the way, we got a fast Josh Moral showed up in here. Remember he said he was going to be sitting in that chair. Yeah. Josh Moral from the young in the horny. Did he ever show up? No. Did he want to be outed by Dan's to work? No. So cut it out Dan, okay. And by the way, George still wants his 50 bucks. Yeah. For that. Eight minutes after one at five 60 WQM is your career. Conditioning one is cool as it should be. Well, if it isn't now, well, what's going to happen to summer when it's 145 in the shade? Do the smart thing. I'm doing the smart thing right now. I got wedgie down there working as little a brains out. Working on it. And the not my AC, but he's working on the oil change. That's right. Because you can do all of these things. And instead of you wasting your day or maybe even half a day, sitting in a stupid repair shop, reading the readers digest. The same one you read 20 years ago. While you're living your life while you're at work, while you're on the golf course, while you're at home, while you're getting late, whatever you're doing, read you will come right to you. And then give your quick shot or free on in your car. Get that AC per in or you can also with the global resupply load on. Daddy's at no. Give this four to four for four of it. Peter Travers of Rolling Stones. Then the anyone's smell off. He blows tonight and you'll create for more. Johnny Deppson. Thank you. 14. That five 60 WKM somebody says may arrest a P. Now for Roastup pasta, Alfredo Fettuccini. What do you say to that? All right. For 20. Well, I asked it past to be ready for 20. So wait to near this rumor, George. Here's the latest rumor out of clear channel from our fan of informer. Big one oh six is going FM talk. Roomer lineup is Howard in the morning. Monsters of the Midday from real radio in Orlando in midday. Are we in trouble now? What? Yeah. Have you heard them? No. Oh. What about them? Jim Phillips from real radio Orlando in the afternoon. Phil Henry at night and coast to coast to AM with Art Bell. Over night. What a line. Huh? Why are we nervous now, huh? The monsters of the midday. That sucks. Be afraid. Yeah. What time is there show on? For 20. Here's the mobile in four-laterdale, huh? Hello. Yes sir. Neil for Sound Caller, Walter listener. I don't know if anybody brought it up in the comedy channel. Wednesday at think of 1030 and this last week. A this week I saw it and I was on the floor. Yeah. It's called um, that's my bush and it's about you know, the sir bush, the bush. And these days make fun of them. It's hilarious. My wife is very uptight. She has you like boys and good. And that's it. She was on the floor. So, all right. It must have some humor in it. Okay. All right. Thanks for the good news. Good news. Good news. Well, I think comedy centrals blame the tempted talking about the president. Today, that's my bush. You want to miss your president? You have a seat. You're trying to do your disparity of sitta. The problem is the only thing that's funny about it is the title. We're happy with that. That would still fun here then friends. We're playing a play tonight on comedy central. Okay. So there you go. Asking you got it. 116 at 5.50 W.M. which is just three hours and four minutes before 4.20. Where we going next to a mobile and cool president. Hello. Hey, how's it going now? Pretty good sir. I just want to know if you have any plans you go see that movie. Freddie got finger. Freddie got finger. Not heard about it. It's not a bad idea. He said it felt like a finger. I got better of you. I just I know you like Tom Green. I just want to know if you're going to go. Probably not. Tom Green since he was on the Canadian comedy central thing. He can't even destroy him. Yeah, he's got a little bit commercial. Yeah. Well, I might pick it. I don't know. My name is Raff Finish Watch in Schindler's list. Have a great hit of him. 4.20. Okay. Oh, look at this. Here's a what what's it. What is that? We're going to strange weed that the facts man. It doesn't come across. We've got an a fax machine. Okay. It's much better like in a little baggy. Or a big baggy. Or a big baggy. Or like in one of those big plastic garbage bags. You know the truth. Yeah, mother was happy 20 pound since. That's good. That's a lot. That's how we bring it back from hamster dam. It's a sinch. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Hello. Good one. Okay. Thanks a lot. That was Greg Budell. You know what made him snap when I told him. Greg H. That's what put him over the edge. Come on, Greg. Go back to Chicago or somewhere. Okay. What they like you. Well, what they might like you. Here's a mobile and four-later day. Hello. Hey. All right. Good. And not air this one or a four-20 day. I might stuff himself. And I like you do. I know you go over to answer them quite a bit. I'm just telling me some more of the finer points of Amsterdam. finer points. What about us at me? Well, what, uh, give me a reason to go over there. What's over there for me to go see? Frogs, sex. It's good stuff. Yeah. All right. You know what I'm saying? Just do anything else? Yeah. Just wondering. I mean, you're just a culture that the Anne Frank Cowes. All these people that are talking about Shin Boos List. They've probably spent a lot of time in the Anne Frank Cowes. So about time in the coffee house? Yeah. And the friend of your coffee house in the Anne Frank Cowes. Okay. Have a good time. You're so. See you on the damrack. Not. Come on. Let's go. Let's go ahead. The QAM Tour of concentration camps. Sorry. What you saying? You buying? Yeah. Sure. Starting. Dohau. Work our way over to Auschwitz. Or Auschwitz. Or Auschwitz. Here's candle. Hello. Yes. I'd like to find out about getting some liposuction. Yeah. I think suction was the word for your culture. Really sad. So sad. Somebody in trying so hard. It works for the lotion in the basket. It is so hard. Yeah. Here's a mobile candle. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? Pretty good. I'm reading last night and last night I realized something was good. Yeah. Or have to almost all the courthouses down here were closed. What the hell happened to separation of church and state? Meaning what does that mean? Meaning why would the courthouses be closed on good Friday or religious holiday? For the same reason that they would be closed on any other or legal holiday. But it's not a legal holiday. It's not a federal holiday. It's a religious thing. Well, like I said, the Gweir, too many Gweim. That's the problem. Okay. And that is your question. Sir, too many Gweim. Yes. By the way, George is straight. Okay. Yeah. Here's straight. Here's Papa. Here's Papa, hello. Reverend Jones is in my trunk. Good. Keep him there. No, I was not just in segue. Wasn't it? Here's Homestead, hello. Any other going? Great. And you said I said a little too fast yesterday. So I'm going to stress so down today. You call yesterday and you're calling me again today? No, me, the old man. He's the one who's calling me. Okay. Thank you. He just wanted to repeat that little bit slower. Are we going to be playing that? No. What do you might? We might suspect that on there for the one to two hour. He needs to say it with a little bit more. Yeah, you have to say it with like a little personality. Sir, call me on Monday and keep working on it. You know what I said, Taschian. Yeah, we're working on it with tomorrow. Passion. Okay. Or just having a girl call me from the closet on passions. As soon as the G. I'll get that grip loosened up on him. I'll tell you one thing. If I had that Miguel is, you know, around the waist is that it's a gremlin or whatever that thing is that, grow test. I wouldn't let go either. Guaranteed. Here's Davey. Hello. Yes, sir. I didn't get a chance to call you on the religious thing. I'm a sinner. And I believe in God. And you're a sinner also, correct? I'm a sinner. You will hear from the homo sexual. Oh, yeah, then I must be, yeah. Okay. Well, I just hope that if I meet you and God's wrath will fire that you're pretty far away from me. Okay. So I don't get to send. I'll wait a homo. I'll wait to you. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 10, on the AT&T and Verizon World. I'll blow you a kiss. And believe me, that's, well, here's for a lot of day, hello. Yes. How are you doing? Good. So big one of six is going on. I'll talk. Maybe that's the wrong one. Then I just got right off the backs machine. What are they going to call it? Real bad radio? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I just hope that they're going to play some mugwom sort of midday with you and that might be okay. Okay. Sounds good to me. All right. That's all I got, Neil. Are you taking any requests? Yeah. Back in the good old days that I would use to play car commercial Uranus. You know? What about the call? 210 years ago this March is astronomer William<|de|>. I'll watch Uranus. Dependability. No one has ever got stuck in Uranus. Hey, the punch out the charade. It's been over and ride your reign. And if you like a car that holds the road, you couldn't wipe out Uranus if you tried. Uranus. Powerful. Yet great with gas. Need trunkspace. Rest assured you can pack anything in Uranus. And if Uranus is re-rended, our well-lovered kided joists. Plus off them the blood. Come to our show, Ruben. Pick out Uranus. And leave that messy paper worth to hunt. Check out Uranus. Fake the dive like Greg Lugin. And over and ride Uranus. There's a little bonus cut there for because I really sure which one he wanted is. Bonus Friday. Oh, sure. Two robins were sitting in a tree. I'm really hungry said the first robin. Me two said the second robin. Let's fly down and find some lunch. They flew down to the ground and found a nice area of duly pod. Ground that was full of worms. They ate, ate, ate, ate, ate no more. I'm so full. I don't think I can fly back up out of the tree. Said the first robin. Me either. Let's just lay back here and bask in nice worms son. Okay said the first robin. So they popped down, basking in the sun. No sooner than they had fallen asleep. They were coming, gobbled in both of them. As the cat said washing his face after his meal he thought, I just love basking robins. That's not bad. I don't give it at least one and a half on the scale of ten. Not too bad. And we do love basking robins. They have to get over there this weekend when you say, He might be a good buddy for some free ice cream. And I don't know who's the fact in all of these emails. Is Eric's fact seeing me these? It must be. What numbers at the top Eric's? There is an any number at the top. Eric's always says Univerica. But this is getting so pond-risk. It's bad enough that, uh, oh man, about fuel and his producer and about this one. And that one and all all this yantest stuff. All I can say is a 420 baby. Get out of here. Crap. So it feels on weight watchers. 560 pound 560 on the 18. The horizon line. What's he up to? Well, like 387. Huh? 420. Oh, let me tell you. The fuel is weight is 420. Oh my god. Are you sure? Well, if you stop leaning to the right little bit, then you've got that needle settle in. Man. The monsters of the midday. Oh, man. I just can't wait. Maybe they can bring Ron and Ron. You know, that's basically what it is. See, when you have three companies that own every radio station in America. The same recycled people move them over here. Move them over here. Move them over there. They're on the deck of cards and shuffling them back and forth and in and out. Kind of like from the peak bulger school of Schuffling the same old tired worn out Calderon. Terminal. Pontrice. Caperice as it wasn't him. Oh, thanks sir, I know you wouldn't do that to me. Terminal 63, a horse and our pull today. How interested are you and the NFL draft, huh? How interested are you? Leading the Pac-So far is if I hear the word draft again. I'll puke. 39 30 percent someone interested 98 not at all 94 and a lot Today it's the highly a turf cup on Sunday bring the kids out for rides and family farms what a weekend post time 115 all that beautiful highly a part be there All right, I just caught the film Yeah Hello my thoughts are walking by oh you're sneaking this call in oh why you So next is I didn't set a close-up for I said it in my stay open and you're like maybe about way down in Jamaica in Jakarta, I mean take out the visitor, get you a bus or see me if I see anybody in that neighborhood take tell you just a country where Jakarta comes up you go raps them on the ass, somebody want to sell and from my yellow way you can't take things out of school No There All the funny that we have made Jamaica just in the evening, and before any date A mannequin for a storm here and say God, nothing like this Enjoy you and say this small thing Small, dangerous smoke, smoke They light up this cliff and talk They begin to profit, choke, irritate the earth Small, dangerous smoke, smoke They contribute to it I'm not selfish on you already, I'm strong man You like just hope to join us if, whenever you can And maybe for something here, from miles around A bite, deeper from you, bite the ounce and you come A rascal man is a hunter, I'm all right They can't be good, the night is in the smoke They play like smoke, smoke, smoke They light up this cliff and talk They talk, can't talk, smoke, smoke Smoke, can't talk, smoke They can't drink, smoke One thirty three five sixty WCM High from New York at two today with a big draft Why dare say draft? Low, show Six to the clock, he got the schgoe chromarty Six thirty in the sensor, might have fallen on deck Morelons in the expo, 705 from PPP Park Maybe get more than 5000 people there Five or six, and then it he came after the baseball game Question, what's the difference between oral sex and anal sex? Answer, oral sex makes you day, anal sex makes you whole week Upper Winfrey went to the gynaecologist The doctor told her to take off all her clothes Then he instructed her, get on your hands and he's going over to the outside of the room Not going over here, he continued, okay, now crawl over to that corner Be willing to overranged, doctor, what does this have to do with my check-up? Nothing, he replied, I'm just trying to figure out where I should put my new black-lother couch Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marlons line See, somebody is almost making it worth coming in today Here's crawl game, I'll tell you Neil, you cracked me up, you are the greatest Yes, I am Got a interesting thing, what I really would like to about Australian And you were talking about the movie, and he talked about springtime for Hitler Huh? Mel Brooks is making the producers into a Broadway musical And he's having Nathan Lane, a Matthew Broderick starring you I saw some piece on the theater and CNN Yeah, it should be interesting Got another question for you Yes sir And if the series question Okay, I know Bush and Cheney know they're oilmen and everything And I know when they took over they were supposed to have put all their assets in like pros and accounts You're going to have to I think they're going to benefit from all of this stuff like drilling for oil off the west coast of Florida Somehow I think they're going to get some money out of this Let me just tell you this, when you go to the gas pump today, look at the price and then ask yourself if you have the answer It's a conspiracy Neil Have a great day, pal Bye Bottom sub Yeah, get those oil people in there, somebody was criminals in there and then they look what's going on Let me say it again, read the column Robert Reno from News Day and the op-ed page in the morning presidential arsenic and you idiots out there that voted for Ralph Nader Who was the one that made was really the signing of thing in the election including here in Florida Let's see how you feel this weekend about yourselves, huh? Yeah, that would be a good idea, Rush Bluelet, fully loaded. It gets How's that fan belt, my co-vera coming Ralph? Here's a mobile and loaded air lake, sell them. Neil, how are you? Pretty good I'm still wearing a metal for wind free thing, that's a good one Yeah, and the best part of it is I do have a black leather couch Oh, I see, good. Listen, I sold a Benny Hinting the other day for the first time Right? And I was a business appointed because it didn't seem to nail him to the wall Like I would have liked to see, believe it or not, your buddy Larry King asked Some harder questions than that English been did on that television show He looked a lot more foolish on Larry King than that I never saw that, I see them on Larry King couple of times, you know, we sucked his ass Well, he had some some top question You know, come on Larry at the top question That's going so close Still in the show, the other night Benny Hinting basically said, you know, he said, don't you think that the people You know, it's all in their mind Oh, yeah, I've often thought that I mean, he was pretty poignant on, but he's don't understand He's laughing at you when he says that he said the same thing on this show Like, oh, I've often wondered about that myself Like, you know, what a hell of a bike here I got a good scan going there, I tell him exactly how do you know, fill out the credit card slip And I stay out of my way, you know That's true The website by the way, Neil, your website How come their archives are updated anymore? Is there a problem or something? We have this temporary thing while the, this dispute is going on about the commercial It's not us, it's the whole country So as soon as they get that resolved, it'll be all straight now Well, that could be forever No, that'll straighten it out I'll keep checking Okay One more thing My friend is a real, a real door Because he keeps Casey, I'm trying to have him as if you're new listener I'm trying to get him into you And I asked him over the weekend, I said, this week I said, now this week I got the five chicks that want to go meet us at the beach and he said he didn't want to go I said, I got this concert that is during the day on charity So now I don't want to go, I said you want to go out on the boat He said no, he wants to sit home and say can watch the draft And I just thought, you know, he needs a life badly Bacon wants to draft, I see a definite, a paralleler Yeah, so Okay Oh, he's right away, one more thing Yeah, can you play it John Rocker, thanks for having a great day Hi, I see Probably bacon brownies, maybe a brownie huh? I hope there's a special place in hell for people who try and enrich themselves on the suffering of others To tantalize, to blind, to lame, to dying, be afflicted, to terminally ill To dangle hope Before parents of a severely afflicted child Isn't indescribably cruel thing to do Oh, I got the pictures, exactly, sad about him I'm sure the big is you already lost all I hope you're saved up, baby I can't you, baby I can't you, baby I can't you, baby I can't you, baby I can't you, baby I can't you, baby I can't you, baby I can't you, baby I'm gonna be so sure, baby I'm gonna be so sure, you I'm sure the bestful, not on the pressure I shall hold you away, I shall touch the fire I've got the power to hold you I can't you, baby I can't you, baby I have a way to get you on show I have a station out of Hollywood And I don't care if you're afraid of the law I just want you to stroke me though I'm all there's to be about, baby And if you want me to know what you do I'm your consultant, one by Say your name tonight, you I'm your home, yeah I'm your home, I'm your son I've got him a real job That's why I'm like in self And just as I'm just as I'm home I've had one in my mouth once 144 at 560 WKM is Eric Desfax Me this is his all-assist congratulations To Sabo, media president of Walters Sabo When Kathleen McMeanman on their marriage In the York on Saturday 421 Tomorrow, not 420 But tomorrow 421 So all we can say about Walters Sabo is Yeah, the wife's been, though Yeah Yeah Well, I could say a lot more 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT I could also say He's an asshole Without risk of any argument for anyone Here's a mobile and Northwaterdale, hello And tell me how you can kill our Uh-oh, real our home Here's Davey, hello Go deal, yes sir I've got a lot of time for a time All right Well, I was in the car earlier today Listen to that I haven't been out in about an hour On that 420 Yeah Everyone who realized it today's date Yeah, we know that Oh, you know that, I didn't know that Yeah, so I want to try to get into call You let you know Okay, thanks Anyway, I'll enjoy the show And tomorrow will be 421 Absolutely And Sunday 422 And take two of Colson and Morning 560, 560, 560 I feel like Rainfield now, you know I'm going to start eating flies It's right, I'm going to start attacking flies Here's Colson, so Here's still good You're still boring Mobile in Miami, hello Yes sir Yeah Question There was a song that you guys used to play by a last one, what's that? What's it? Is it a chronic? Is it a chronic? I've heard it in New York, you got to have that for a 420 No I think somebody stole it I think I was just out like this A young man Turns 28 A rock or the sweetest bag I'll go on the next day It's too many seeds In your dime bag Getting to the party To the minister's lake Isn't it the chronic? First Don't you think me? Is it a day? When you've met Paul and Drake The free bear When you're already safe To the free bear That you've got to be safe Who are the stars You're getting Hot, drowning That you already ate I know Don't it sign I love it You're crazy It's like 10,000 joints When all you need is a light It's like having a feel of your teeth And then finding out you've got to end the life And these are me for chronic Don't you think A little too much chronic Yeah, I really do think It's like 10,000 joints When you've met Paul and Drake The free bear When you're already safe To the free bear That you've got to be safe Who are the stars You're getting Don't forget to vote on our full crush Today Kenneth Mas macho Bernard Cal Marvin Cal Or Andy Cal 12 before 2 at 5.60 QM Speaking of big ball spots How about that Chuck Alphiary? How's he still doing it? You bet he is Well over 25 years Charles Been around making guys look fantastic He's been performing a miracle on your head Trust me what I'm telling Nobody else in the world can make you look younger And better than Charlie That's why even the sensational As opposed to the mossy looking muskrad wigs And the holes in the head And the doily on the head Charlie's got his new skin like hair system That looks so great and so natural It's 100% undetectable because it looks like They're here to run out of your scalp Like the real thing like the emmus And you have absolutely nothing Loosed but the bald spot guys Because here's how the deal works You try Charlie's hair system for 3 days If you don't absolutely love If you're not enamored with the way it looks The way it feels and the way it smells And all the day things Return it for a full refund So like I keep telling you You have absolutely nothing to lose But that big ugly bald spot The regular price of the natural hairline system 800 dollars If you call Charlie and tell that You're watching the 20 to make that call You'll like 200 bucks off of that call For just 600 bucks You could look pretty damn good 1 800 321 2413 That'd be the number to call 1 800 321 2413 Or all you win or not Use this new information on Charlie's website www.trialsoffiery.com This is 560 You weigh out It's a company from 49 to 185 Total it's dark with the proof Cut it to 42 4 sales money Spreaky Hey Marty, you busy over there pal? No. Well yeah You're definitely not busy selling the all new redesigned 2002 explorers are you Marty? Because you don't have them right Marty? What's the fourth? Plantation Board has got a reporting 2002 explorers Marty over 40 Plantation Board Times of expeditions for 349 a month We've got a 3399 with less down Yeah Marty, plantation Jeez No We're here in the room to place the U.T. test and despise the most. And rightfully so. And probably rightfully so. We love it here. I'm half from the arc half from Miami 15 year listener. And every day listener on the internet and record. Great. Hallelujah. And just to serve that you know the hate in your arms because. It's a great place. It's you know if you really knew the place and thank you. I don't want to know what I'll take you with me. Let me tell you the difference on the rollins what we do here is. Instead of. We. Celebrate decay instead of trying to run away from it, you know. That's why I've been discussing you know the garbage dirt and decay. Yeah. You see here it's all my attention. You know we realize you can't stop. The decaying process and individual people and cities or anything. So I'm trying to hide it. We celebrate it. We love it. Okay. Well, enjoy and have a great weekend. I guess that was it. I was it. Like I said, have a great time. Don't worry about me coming in and spying your fun because I won't be there. Here's a mobile and time are pines. Hello. Hello. Yes. Happy holidays. I'm back to you. I think I got a poll you can use next week. Uh huh. It's between my legs. No. Yeah. Well, guess what? Five six seven. Five six. Five six. The only AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. And me if I get a bonnet. Come on George. There you go. Call us back around the 420. Lady Mobile in for a lot of day. Hello. Well. Yes, man. Hi. I'm wondering you heard this week that the legislature decided to allow the contaminated rainwater to become part of our water source. All right. Great. Oh, fits right in on that. I mean, you can consider the senators and the people who are just like you're only think about themselves on voting against the children or elderly or things like that. This is something that affects even them. Well, don't forget about the environment. Now that bushes in there, I'm going to have all the arsenic and all the contamination that we could ever want. Okay. It's good for business. Also. Yesterday, the legislature decided that the nursing homes now should get all the rights and the lawyers that would sue the nursing homes. But there's not only way to keep these nursing homes in. Okay. Well, listen, who's city hall in Colis and listen, how you made out? Okay. Why is it that the very few women who call it on the show? They all are, you know, carrying some torch. They've all want me to jump on their bad wagon and they're all waving the torch. And yada, you know, I'm not interested in the legislature. Okay. You're in a mugwumps. And then the stone age. You're living in the dark ages. You're living in the state where one of the legislators from winter park is telling people, wow, they're jerking it in a library and don't you, fat kids? I'm glad you came up here to talk to me, but you're all going to burn in the hell. And yeah, yeah, I mean, yeah, well, what's the point? You know, what do you get in yourself all whipped up into a frenzy about? Okay. Just look around, consider where you are, and then you'll understand. So across here at QAM, we go out in the hallway. We see Greg out there, scratch and his head. And we understand. Here's a mobile and pebble of pine, tell him. Any Hawaii? Pretty good sir. This is like coming down 7. I was he business deal. A lot of people make bad business deals. We're not going to bail you out. We're going to bail him out? No. No. Build a guy new stadium for just us for a few thousand selfish idiots who think that the public ought to build them a playground. I got your playground right here. Okay. The answer is, no. Mobile and plantation, hello. Mobile and plantation. Yeah, yes sir. Hey, great show. Yes it is. Hey, I just wanted to try it. He sucks. Okay, suck this. Great challenge. It's my pleasure. He sucks. Great calls. Do you got so much material to you people? I'm just, I'm in awe. I'm just worthless. Just by Julie Lee Lewis. I'm worthless. I'm just telling the material that you, that you haven't got. What do you want to talk about? Well, I'm George socks and you're a fan and you're a fan and you're a George socks and you're my mom on for 20. Yeah. Well see we did at least I learned that today. That was good. That made it worthwhile coming in for a possible level. Sure up on that check on the 10th and next month. No, the 25th of this month. Oh, that's right. Next Wednesday's Patea. I might also be going to Ruth Chris coming in for lunch one day. I'll be here that day. Monday. New confirmed Wednesday's Patea. I'll be here that day. Wednesday's mommy's for lunch so I'll definitely probably be here that day. You don't understand? So, as we were going to next week, pretty that much girl looks. If I can say that, can I say that? No. Because once those months in the midday come in there, I mean, says we'll be done. Just like those pill hungry tapes. Are you sure that was the end of us? And what's his name? Romy. Yeah, Romy, homie. Call me Romy. How can a grown man sound like that? I know. Oh, you talking about to the crow. 400, three votes on our survey. How interested are you in the NFL draft? I understand it's a sports station that's a dolphin station. These guys, they can't avoid it because a lot of you people, you'll want to mention when you have no life. That's why he hangs up in the New York today when I draft stuff. EL, ESPN. You can't help it. But I mean, put it in its proper perspective. Yeah. I mean, just how interested are you? If I hear the word draft again, I'll puke 121. Someone interested in 107. Not at all 105 and a lot. 70, 70 a lot as in Get a Life. Bye, bye, bye. The field voucher show.