560 WQA Air-Zanth Unile Roger Show To talk to Neil. 560 760 Peter Brown County 42560 For Ryzen Wireless Customers 677-75 Neil is a toll-free call. The opinion of the Nebraska-New York Roger's his guest to her followers is not reflect those of the measly broadcast groups. No. Advertisers. No. The Neil Roger Show on 560 QA-L. It's big Neil. It's big enough for them. Do you think you're the right new part? Yes, of you. You're the next. Do you think you're the right new part? You know it's Bruce. He's Thomas Bass. That we're going to start with the because the old side. I have big eyebrows. I'll take him to the White House. Whoa, whoa, whoa. And I... I'm gonna be the big guy. Oh yeah. Boring an I'm serious. The Model generation 3 century and Peter father- нельзя. Ihassos people he's aiander Brand guy from to wrap out the I'm gonna be the big guys. Oh yes, I'm maybe barely thought for tonight, but I'm the spirit of man. Oh my god, she's here. Oh, right. Lots of this stuff on a takes-a-stand, but I never even got to, like, over-scribbing there. Oh, I don't know. I'm gonna be the big guys. I'm gonna be the big guys. I'm gonna be the big guys. Oh, I don't. I lost that long time. I haven't played that in a long phase. Let's see how appropriate that is. Big World Breakmike, you've caught his back again. He's just as boring as you'll go. Bring him back against the bush, my shit. Right against one bush, one I run against together. What do you say? Huh? Yep. Have a message for a jugs McDonald and the rimman, Jiff Rimmer. Not that you have to stop. Yeah, I just mentioned that in passing, okay. Not that you have to stop. Not that you have to stop. I'm off of the sucking, okay. Yeah, I saw your comments last night, Rimmer, about Ray Wittney. I heard your comments. You're not fooling anybody. We understand you're sucking around hard to keep the job, but, you know, don't make your friends your scapegoats, okay. Yeah, he was no longer needed there, but I'm not talking about that stuff anymore because nobody cares. I took the cure forever for life, for life. I apologize profusely to myself for beating my head against the brick wall. Why am I slow Warner or what? Warner, it's a learner. Sooner later you've got to catch on man. Gotta get the drift. They don't know. They don't care. Forget about it. They like to bet at what those harness racing names you have today. Even George was getting into that. I mentioned Levi Harner, he was getting goosebumps. I'm proud to see to be an old fart dog. John, anyway, how about you, actually? Don't get started again with that, please. I still have the sight bookmark. So anyway, how'd that pull come out yesterday for Baldi's sake? Look at that, 123 votes, but that's a lot for a weekday poll. Wow, that is a hell of a lot. So evidently, there are a lot of people that feel very strong about Baldi. Pistoff and fire duck. Let's take a call for Miami first. Miami? I'm Neil. Yes sir. I could morning. Point us to you. Neil, great show yesterday. What? Great show yesterday. What happened here yesterday? George put out a hit from that guy with that 298. Oh yeah, we had a great, that was good. Yeah, a lot of good stuff going on. That was like a mob hit and then you try to kill him for the contract. Yeah. And it was already good. Who laid that's right. Yeah. Where was I? I said it was a great show and it was like a mob hit and there was two late. Oh, okay. Neil, can you take this see if it comes out all right for the future? Okay. Neil Rogers, alcohol grandday, they do copy copy. Very good. Thank you. Okay. Thank you, puppy. And they'll do the copy. I like that. Whatever it had that means. So anyway, yeah, we're saying that maybe a built-in, you know, maybe his brains are grown so often playing too much comedy with that young girl. But anyway, that's just, you know, just a thought. Don't start with those lines from the godfather again. Okay. Why the hell that? So I'm 100 four votes on yesterday's poll about bald. The question was, which best describes your feelings about H. Wayne, high pingo? He's a rich prick. Not kind of fits into it. He's a rich prick who doesn't care about the fans at one hand down your pants. 748, 62.1%. He'd him like poison. That was my vote. Can't stand you Wayne. We find you just as big of a little disgusting and smelly and grow test. Oh, geez. And Zidfield and Hawkmark and fire that I'm just gross. Not that you have to stop. Yeah, Romer and you two jugs. Yeah, I heard that the Torian jugs got a little something going on in the song. That's what I'm hearing. I heard they're rubbing their pupics together. Anyway, that was day and number one result in the poll. Number two, I wish I could just like him. See, I put that on there for like a little comedy. See, if you're playing too much comedy, maybe your brains will go song. Like Bill Torian, the sunny, Santino. I wish I could just like him like a twin. I've been a 320, 26.5% which means one of two things like I say. Either we got people with a great sense of humor or an awful lot of ugly people out there. Boy, I think what if this is thing all the people that you would not want to look like. Like James Woods. Who's got the better compulsion? Wayne or James Woods? Or, um, mental Norway, again. What's the guy from Goodfellas? Ray Yoda. I had no opinion about him meaning Wayne, not really Yoda. 78. Now I've come out in 79, 6.5% and way in last place yesterday on our poll on a 1212 votes. Boy, it's going up there. He's a great man who bought baseball and hockey this hour Florida. Only 57 out of 124.7%. Our steel, not that you have to stop looking as asked. I wonder how many times the knees pot fan and remember in Judge McDonnellville to none that thing, huh? Lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky. At the expense of their friends. This graceful, grow, test. A moment I'll never forget a moment that will go down in the emails of broadcast history as shameful, Rimmer. Yeah, he was no longer needed here once a brewery came in. Yeah, that's right. Old teams only have one guy that can stick to biscuit and the basket. Who the hell are you kidding, huh? Trying to suck up so hard. Not that you have to suck. And I'm going to tell you one thing, Judge McDonnell, Joe Wells has got more balls in like one in the corner pocket than you'll ever have in your whole goddamn life. You federal, paired, troll, suck all you. Jug McDonnell, who they ran out of to try to want to rail. You couldn't lick your bowels ass, okay? Jugs? You'd better be happy that again. One of your old hag buddies had to come in here. And you only raising your working because you are in a word to sum it up. Pha, pathetic, jugs, pathetic. Yeah, he was upset with Joey said that he sabotaged the story yesterday. Yeah, or some more like that. And we get that from our moral Robert Greeper. Nice car, Robert. We were, you know, even a little bit of a puddle like him comes in handy now and then. And Frank said he would only go up there in the attic. Yes, she'd been safe. I'm serious. He could have been the mole. It's fact, maybe he's auditioning for that show. He's a great mole, Robert Greeper. Remember, Patrick McDonnell was number six. We got number nine. That's right. We got our own mole, number nine. Yeah. The Greeper man. So watch out all you, but paranoid lunatics over there because you better watch out what you're saying in front of Robert. It comes right back to us over here. He's our spy. He's our super spy with a crappy attitude. And some steel hum and caution. We're going to have a hell of a show to that. I can feel it. I can smell it. I just, I told you there was that turning point. Finally it was like, yeah, trying to flush it with toilets. Yeah. For everything, even the stocks are like in the positive so far today. We're kind of like flushing all over the crap out of our lives. That's it. Like a gigantic blueberry animal with it without fat's domino. I love it. Anyway, it's nine out of ten. I'm going to have to take it to ten at five sixty. W to Q a m. What am I doing here? Oh, I saw Todd Dreck this morning. And he said, let me move a little bit like that. Yeah. No question of the program may do this for that big press written permission. A W to go and cooperate. Go fuck your behind. Go back behind it again or under. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You don't men, but I won't say he's that big. I can do it. Yeah. Now this is everywhere man. He's in everything. He's in every body. Now this is in your team. He's in your team. Burger. That doesn't help a business like anybody. Hell doesn't come off. It's in every body. Young old, the bathroom, the kitchen, the wide, the black, the brown, and the blue. God tell us, number two. The illnesses and everybody out there, everybody, everybody, everybody except one person that is, yeah, one person, feed the evil opposite of the elven. The N-B-L, N-B-L, with God no wealth, because I'm the midday. Michael J-Fox has no elven. Yeah, and else you then don't remember, put your front in the get-out, man. We've got to get out, just enough of the zoning, play the energy. You can get up and see your face everywhere. Yeah, the energy is everything, yeah. Yeah, that's what you say, that's what I say. That'll be the deal with you. Yeah, that'll be the deal with you. And all the way down, I'll hold you. That's what you say. Wow. There's a lot of other planes, but not a lot of other planes, but not a lot of other planes. A lot of things people say, what the heck's going on, let me tell ya. Who's up the fear of this? That's bad. Who built the door with his power. Yeah, I mean, you guys won't go into the streets, push him, shop his car, because you think they're talking to the house, we're talking to the self-metinals, they're talking to him. Hey, Billet. Ten of us. You know what, don't know that for me to try and go. They're trying to prove their trying. Go tell the phone, tell the phone, tell the phone, tell the phone, tell the phone, tell the phone, tell the phone, tell the phone, tell the phone, tell the phone, tell the phone. Oh, the stationeleanty Elvin. You can't hear the elevator. Commodore Elvin. Damn it. Two people without her statement. People without her statement come up with me. They don't look like doctors' box. They don't look like cling on, all that start direct job. Who looked like they don't want to see. Everybody in Adder's places, like Elvins. Where the hell is this Dog reservoir? Yeah, I-I-I. They're just rougy. Twoa. There you go! Talk to when people dont have a journal band because you're making a band I'm the mojo Nixon, is that correct? That is absolutely correct. What a memory. And my memories getting sharper, things are becoming crystal clear. Everything is coming into focus. As in focus, focus. That's right. As in here, comes Malcolm Phillips on the far outside. With the seven horse and the eight race at Hazel Park. Anyway, how come somebody's vaccinate this old guy to him, stupid book here, and wasting all our facts paper, which I had to stop and clear it and cancel it on our facts machine? How are you some kind of a crazy person out there? Oh, good. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Long time, Mr. and George short, Leslie. I was on a QTM in jail with mission for highly-appartheist. You don't take those out there? I beg your pardon. To get into the highly-appartheist. What does that you want to go there for? Because I don't think my work there for a book that they've got free cops, as I said this weekend. Yeah. More than you can afford. Yes. My sister's husband is secretary. You should see that she's got pictures of him with him. I'm a Billy Gogga. Yeah, with his arm around her. I said, what's the problem with him? We don't want to Billy Gogga. Yeah, it's the what's the hardest thing, she's going to get a bad confession. I can back a pledge, and he's got more pimples and cardinal gup pills. Yeah. All right, Neil. What's the short? That's, too. OK. Have a good time at highly-assure. All right. And watch out for the panhandlers out there and all those old Julios. Or anybody going to highly-assure? No. I sure hope not. So anyway, do we, oh, let me do this for Clarence first. Super-Royant WQAM present our 2001 College Hoops of Stereocontest. Log out to WQAM.com and start making your selections for round one of the NCAA tournament. You haven't till noon today to get your Thursday picks in, prizes will be given away after reaching. Oh, Clarence, your genius, he says, only to read this between 10 a.m. and noon. Well, I'll let that lay that's the case, Clarence, because if they have noon today to get their Thursday picks in, obviously, we only need to read it between the now and noon, right? Not nevertheless. Pies will be given away after each round of grand prize. When it walks away with a $1,000 courtesy of Subaru and sports radio of five, 60 WQAM. Speaking of sports stuff, mad dog mandatory beyond for a round for Hank David Busch. Yeah, is where I'll be doing his show today. Hank's out there at Vegas. Nice going there, Humper. Not come dead, baby. That's right. When about 2030 meeting out there and spread it around, we can use it. So here's how I pull the day, and I'll take it while I'm taking this question. I'm sure we'll have some discussion on this if the phone ever rings all of you never know. You never know. Well, I just have to play all these tapes this day and brought. What's your damn good, I like it? That might do cocky thing, that Duke of Roll, I love that. I could play that from battle two and just never get tired of it. Anybody remember Michael Duke cocky? No. Wow, you know, easy to forget your people. Sorry, George. No one has yet to even like step on that guy. Look at all the democratic candidates over the last, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, they got water, monday, tumy, Carter, and Michael Duke cock on. Albert, usagers to Indian, uh, the Gore. Wow. What a group. And of course, don't forget Geraldine Ferrell and her mob family. Just to make sure, just in case Duke cocky said any chance, which he didn't, they made sure they threw the mob lady in there. Well, it wasn't her, it was her husband, it was somebody that once had dinner with the, at the satan restaurant, something like that. Yeah. I mean, he wasn't exactly a mob guy, but uh, his nose got a little out of joint, whatever it was. So our poor question today is because I've noticed, and it's interesting thing, I've told you many times, because I catch out of what I'm doing here over, it took me about 100 years to catch out of what, but I know the lay of the land. I know that our audience, they come and they go, I mean, we have a loyal, let's news out there. But then we also have people, you know, who pretend to be, uh, your fans, and then you say one thing like that guy to hockey games, or right away, they give you a dirty look and you're a son of a bitch. Oh, you know, that's just the way this business is. So every time you, like, alienate one group out there, you have to keep replacing them. I've talked about this many, many times. If you want to keep it up and you're waiting to, you have to like keep up the new audience. So we keep like re-ass charging and refreshing and, uh, whatever, and you have to do it. Now, going back to the election, that was at kind of like a turning point. There was a re-gruditation of a certain, uh, a group of people in this audience, and I have a feeling that, uh, some of them might have been, of course, there were a lot of the bush people, but that was the re-gruditation that was just like they took a hiatus. And then they ran out of that speed trap on tap and hiatus, and they came back to us. But they went over there with fat ass, limb off, or a couple of months, because they were counting chairs, and they wanted to hear about all of the stuff, etc. and so on. Then they got tired of it because after all, how many times can you hear about the Mark Rich, and fat rich, you know, so they came back. So those people we understand, and we've already pardoned most of them, just like Bob is handing out pardon and why don't we do it. But I think that there was a certain segment. I don't want to say Jews. I don't want to say that because that would be bad to say, Jews on here, but I think that we some of our Jews may have been a little bit of, huh? What are you laughing about? You should be enjoying this. Oh, that's why it's laughing. Some of the Jews in the audience. I love the Jewish. I think between Jewelry Bremen and in my comments about the super Orthodox Jews being the Eskana-be-Earth and the Lord's Danna, and I stand by that. I make no apologies for that. See, one thing about me that you probably have learned, if you listen more than five minutes, I don't sit here panoring to anybody. I don't sit here. I don't come in to my and say, well, what can I do or say today that's going to get those ratings up? Because if I did that, I certainly would have done about 90% of what I've been doing in the last 25 years. I don't do that. I don't play that game. So if you like the show, great. That's fine. Even though you made this a great, but if you don't like the show and you pissed off, it's what I said about the Jews or whatever was wrong. Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, see ya. Adios, happy poem, happy circus, happy pace off, happy, uh, I don't happy you. I'm kipper, happy rush your show. I want to get him an all now just before they go. Bye, bye, bye, bye, and leave. Don't forget to nail your mousosa real time on the doorframe, etc. Yeah, I think that's the latest run of me. Of course, we had, you know, a little problem with a spits back there during the Eliancito days, but you know, that's all over now. And many of them have come back including the ones whose numbers we give out on areas, but they're all back, huh? Well, pay back if sometimes a beach, a beach. Life is a beach. But now we have this little geop problem here and we just have to find out what it's all about. So that's going to be our poor question. Maybe we'll have a little conversation about this today, or we're not, because I see there ain't nothing going on there right now. What? There ain't nothing going on. What do you mean by that? Well, like first guy, what is how much is it across the game in the highly, he was pretty good. He's better and most of the colors we had yesterday. That's how you're that. And talking about Wayne's talk, Mark's face and is the naked pictures with the Billy Goat. That was pretty good. And Bill Tory playing all that comedy with them. So anyway, here's our poor question today. And this is awkwardly, maybe you can help me phrase this a little bit better before Eric sticks it on there. Which of Niels comments piss you off the most? See, this isn't phased well. Usually my poor questions are phased like yesterday was perfect, but I, today isn't very good. Which of Niels comments piss you off the most about guns, about orthodox Jews, about Q, oh wait a month, about orthodox Jews, about Cubans, about religion, about blacks, about politics, or none, as in none of his comments piss me off. That's what it's fine. Is it? I don't want to stick it on their awkward and the poor will either. Never stick your poor awkward. That's my suggestion. I'll do your own people out there. Learn that and you'll be safe the rest of your life. Never stick your poor out there awkward. I'll stick that in there the right way. That's a good poll. Yeah. Yeah, that's fine out. And of course, maybe we're doing this a little bit late for some of the Jews because some of those people are going, you know. Like that guy, the hockey games will be orange here and the glasses and the saw will look at his face. Like somebody who just farted next to them or remember you did that other poll. About what, well, what are you, the what are you poll? And there will wafew or Jews than either one of us thought right. Right. And then that's what. Not only were there a lot fewer Jews, but there are Jews, but there were also like a lot fewer atheist and agnostic who had heard of the Marais Jewish. I would have assumed since Judaism is a very kind of like benign kind of a religion other than what they're killing Palestinian. But I mean other than that. Another than in biblical days when they were killing all their enemies at God's direction. But other than that, it's relatively benign. At least in terms of, you know, you're not not exploiting any right. They're not doing the uh, so the uh, Jehovah's Witnesses and the Mormons, not gonna end you door. They're not gonna get tied to a table. If you're getting in the right day of moisture, it's in the abties all the way. I do like the Mormons. They're really cute. But anyway, huh? They are. Those Mormon guys and I bet you they're horny too, where in a real underwear type underwear all day? Yes, they are. Yeah, repressed. It's friction. They know fiction, baby. It's friction. But anyway, so what that was I talking about? About the Jewel. Yes, that's what I told that we took was very revealing because most of them were going. I think we have to start dealing a lot more with our Graham out there, right? I'm not necessarily those going, but I mean just going in general. Because the Jews, I think are like, uh, because and I did you believe in things right on target? He caused your boy the election there. He was the chigorina wood pile. He was the difference. That was the disaster. He was to the, uh, he was to the Democrats. What's your a follows to the Republicans? He was to the Democrats. What Pat Robertson is to the Republican and Gary Bauer and all those other fathers in the right wing group. That's what he represented. He was just a disgrace. But the fact that I called him Jewelie, remember which I make no apology for and his wife had dasha. And their kids been a brith and uh, whatever the other one was, happy poem. Yeah, that's a yeah. What kind of a name is Effuru, and I love the grand daughter, Cox O'Hoye. She's my favorite. So we'll find out on our survey. Did any of you have some dialogue about this or not? Is the case maybe because I'm loaded with it today. I really don't know why, but it's just pouring out. Like I told, uh, Gil bright here before she started the, you know, snitching about the Dwight Lardale eating in Zans, I like I told her that day when she was in here, when you're full of the flows out easy or a poor girl. But she's really getting the ticket and the heat over there, you know? She didn't cue that tape up to the wrong. No, that's right. It wasn't Gil bright called. Don't go blame her a channel 10. Just because you're still upset about Dwight eating ass. I'm a radian. Done, I'm cursed. I just have to pass and record my thing. Now I ain't got a lot on how it's going to die. And I opened up a number between two of those guys. With what's the last line of try to blow my mind, but I was so strong to begin to attack and die. My things in this way are no man, where it's gone. Before I hadn't find it right there, I'd get a good man talk. Docs resolve it fine. It'll slow us in time here I am. I last won't be in the cast and there are some obtained from the court, but that's because you're taking them following like a bomb. Hello. It's number lit in. No, no, no. Not lit in. I just have my plan. I caught it. Giving. No, no. Not lit in. I just have my plan and I caught it. I play this. No. Not lit in. No. Not lit in. I just have my plan and I caught it. I called it. I didn't. Petroly Street 5. See if you're up? Tell you one thing. This is really something and they can't remember anything at this stage of the show in the history of this program. at 1033 when we had an empty, there was a one single call on the board. This goes to show you the level of which this audience are calling our people, that segment has sunk. This goes to show you. Sitting here, I gave this, some good food for something that you want here, I got some pointed you on and nothing. 560, 050, because this could change my whole approach to the show today. Oh, seriously, I like to display the whole cassette. 560, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 060 on the AT&T and for lines of wireless line. The CAT's got their tongue today. Not one single call on this board here on the highly weighted highly title, we've got 80 million responses on our website yesterday. You'd actually think we were on the air in it in the market for moving in the fourth, and in this got forsaken place. They're still in the Lallar Land. Is anybody ever going to wake you up? It's up. Oh, with a crowbar. Oh, with a goddamn nuclear weapon. No. Jesus, K Christ. Here's that pool again, which of these comments piss you off the most is comments about guns, about orthodox Jews, and that's going to be a good idea. He's got Jews and italics that underline. That's going. Just, his comments about Cubans is coming to about religion about blacks about politics or none of his comments piss me off. Very good, Eric. I'm going to put none of his comments piss me off because I'm seeing them. And I always agree with everything I say. Make sense to me. Here's a mobile and hell and Dale. Hello. What can we do for this year? Hey, couple things. I'm a local local here. My cousins are here from Toronto. Yeah. I got them turned on you. They're on the beach listening to you. Right. He's on the least last night, they did. Anyway. Listen, I got a funny actually. It's not that funny. It's another 400 year old driver person story. I'm always at Lorenzo's, like a couple weeks ago. Yeah. This guy backed out, put him in a verse and pause it. He's a little bit more passionate than the wasop that pushes it into my mom's car. The guy's born in 1908. Is that inculatable? Yeah. So that only makes 10, I'm going to make some 93, maybe even 92 if he had his birthday yet. Yeah. But I mean, the guy didn't even know what was going on. It's the land of the walking dead, baby. You better get used to it. I mean, I would be better. You better take a while. Look over here. Yeah. Well, then you buy now you should know it. All right. Love you, baby. Okay. Go these go. I think he once hated pizza pizza. That's his, you know, that's his deal with Toronto. Just like that old fart that called yesterday. Remember that one? And I said something about Oki Burk. He would know Oki Burk from iceberg that guy, from iceberg to libous. Amata. Okay. You're right, sir. They're all there to disgusting. A four-laradell man was found murdered in his home over the weekend. He texted us that the scene found the man face down at his bathtub. The tub had been filled with milk and cornflakes and the banana was sticking out of his ass. Police suspect, a serial killer. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How was that? That's the real killer. That was cute. Hey, I'm not gonna say a lot. Nothing you say about it was me. It's a really fun of me that much I wanted to get. You're not gonna get many of these. Yeah, but now you're wrong. You're wrong. There are a lot of people there. A lot of people out there. There's like how many times you've heard people call me? Oh, well, I don't always agree with what you say. Is if I expect people of all of you to be with what I say. But they listen. Well, I'm not done. Did you have a comment to get a fix there? Again, it speaks, yeah. You don't? All right, I hope for that. No, but there's a problem. No problem, I mean, I had to put the other little care. You know, you had to take me during the day. I drive around all day long. In the price, not right. In the price is right. If I'm a rule of go with the fix, you know, give me a vote. Why are you curing your Cuban? I'm part of the reason. Oh, well, you're okay, because this one just has comments about Cubans. Oh, okay. But when I'm, I draw my brother. I'm about that. Okay. All right, take it easy. I don't really want to. Oh, five, six, seven, five, six. Yeah, just take a stab at it. Pound on our pool. By the way, the Puerto Ricans were sending them all back to. Well, we want to know instead of giving them statehood, we're just repatriating their Puerto Ricans friends. Except that guy, he's okay. Because unless they listen to this show, if you listen to the show, you can stay here if not you're going back. So spread the word. Yeah, that's a good idea. Good skin. Yeah, we'll announce the halfway house on this show only. Right, the safe house. That is correct. All right, speak at that. I'm coming past the school zone up there by an Ivory Road to Workness Morning and for the first time ever, because I know that's a Schwarzys school, but they had all the kids were like out in the back like getting ready for gym class or maybe getting ready to get on the bus for a BTA program. You know, there wasn't one white kid in that school. There was not one white kid in that school. I looked in the back there, it was like a jungle jam back there. I serious there, there are no white kids in that school. Huh. Here's a mobile and pop at OB. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Great. I'm up here in FOMR OB and it's beautiful. I think this is a new Miami Beach, a sub floor, just not a person there and I need the 100. Oh, yeah. Stay away from win more, man. Oh, my goodness. Anyway, as it's called, you show I just want to thank you for your great entertainment and the price is definitely right for me. Don't agree with everything you say, but that's life. Well, like what? Like what is it that I said that you listen to me? Like about religion, about politics, about whatever? It doesn't really matter to entertaining me. I'm not going to suck in the saw of any great problem. I mean, like, win being an asshole, we can all agree on that. Why agree on that, right? That's a beautiful potmarked post. Thank you. You're welcome. Listen, simple little fish back to the guys that protest and other arbato. OK. Thank you very much. Have a great life, sir. Thank you, sir. Have a wonderful day. It's a great day in the neighborhood. Absolutely. I had the freaking march. That's why it's such a great day. And beware of the hospital queen. This is 560 QAFs of first team. I've got to put you up heard with me. So I should not be oversponsible for any of those statements. Shut up. I'm actually... I'm sorry, radio blind. I'm 18. Can't. Why not? I'll leave a little brain. Yeah, comedy, jam records brings the best. A deaf comedy, jam to video. It's six hours of undeciferable comedy on three video tapes. You'll get classic comedy like. So there's more. It comes out of me and says, what the fuck? There's a muff. It's not shown the muff. Door busts. It's all over the muff. And I tell the business, stop a muff. Yeah, but now I take the muff. Hold this shove it up a muff. And you'll also get the classic. Stop my damn. It's show me the bill. Tell them like, stop the muff. There's a funny jam amongst many other video collections. Yep, comedy, jam for NF is an adjective. 1043 at 560 WQM. 12 months were about to be ordained. The final test for them was to line up nude in the garden while a naked woman danced before them. Each monk had a small bell attached to his penis and they were told that anyone who's bell rang would not be ordained because he had not reached a state of spiritual purity. The naked woman danced before the first monk candidate with no reaction. She proceeded down the line with the same response until she got to the final monk. As she danced his bell rang so loudly it fell off and clattered to the ground. Embarrassed he stepped forward and bent down to pick up the bell and he left another bell began to ring. More of the story. There ain't no facts in the church. Just dingling. Diesel, acting in the church. Not bad, thank you. Oh, and it's the Jack Rosenberg. You had a cute little story there that I want about the serial killer. That was okay, Jack. You silly old you. But this is wanted to put on your pole. You're coming to about hockey. You're talking about your constant talking about hockey because I already told you the beginning of the show today, Jack. We're not discussing hockey anywhere. It took me 25 years but I finally caught on. We're not talking about it. You're the only one I mentioned in your stupid damn facts. You idiot. You crazy old you. Jack. Now see Georgia surprised by the result on this. But I told you I got my thumb on a pulse. I can feel it. I can feel it. I can feel it. Post beaten. Which of Neil's comments piss you off the most. That's our pole on the arangers dot com. That A.F. You'll free to get on there and did it away on it. And the pole too. Feel free to did it on our pole today. 55 votes. None of his comments piss me off. 33. 60 percent. His comments about Jones. Eight. What did I tell you? That's the Lee. Our 10. As I speak it's popping up. His comments about Jones. 10. His comments about religion. Six. About blacks five. About guns. About politics. About the comments about Cubans. The big zero. Do not push anybody. Or just wait till I get home. Because the Cubans that listen to the worst they enjoy. I mean the ones who hate the Cubans they like it even more. See we don't have the or the toothless crowd. So the Cubans listen to us. They get it. They're just this. They're often. That's right. They don't just pick it up. We're lying with. 560 pound. 560. On the AT&T. And Verizon. Why was that? What did I tell you? And this. This is comments about orthodox. Jones. That's what it says. Maybe that's a good poor for the mosque. That seems to get the raise the hour of a certain segment of our audience. What is it that stands out the most about orthodox Jews? The big hats. The pace that long here. The black coats or that awful aroma in the middle of July about orthodoxers. Or the hostedums specifically. The super orthodox. They know what I'm talking about. They know what I'm talking about. I see them. I kind of like the fur hockey pucks. And I would like to buy them. I see them. See when you eat a lot of dairy. Yeah, we know that they're mostly milk. I see them. Because when you lots a lot of dairy, it get them. And he goes, you know, like we'll go. Then you may respect German and nutrition Dutch. And all of these things. All of those very gutteral languages. Some people read the Gutenberg Bible. We read the gutteral Bible. You're a sport lottery, hello. Hey, good morning. Yes, sir. How you doing? I got a stock broker just like your mid-church. Every time you cut some of that. It makes me feel better. Listen what this asshole did to me. Yeah. I had a 401k with $50,000, $51,000. I quit my job. I rolled it over in an IRA. And I went with, if I could mention a bank of American investments. I'm not sure if I could mention his name. Oh yeah, we'll take care of double that money. We'll double that money. Not here it is, not money. We'll double that money. He's probably going to double your money. I'm down to $35,000. Yeah. So I called him. I said, hey, look, get this money out of the money. No, no, no, no, no, no. The market's going to rally back. So I called him again. You know, this is happening progressively getting worse. Yeah. So now it's down to $30,000. I said, pull it out. Pull it out. How about the money? I should put it in the money market investment. That means that. Now, this was before the Monday and yesterday's crash. See, when you met the broker, he already pulled it out. I don't want to tell you where he stuck at the already pulled it out. I know, or he's not. Anyway, so I finally said, pull it out of there. Get it out. So now I call him once as well. I said, how's my money doing? I've already made money off that interest. You know, my money started coming back. I've got off the guaranteed interest. You know what he says now? John, I think you made a really good decision to take that money and pull it out. And I think, why don't you tie me this six months ago when I was down to 40,000? He has no clue. So you were doing another guessing. Of course, he's like, all these talking heads and now they're on a gambling channel. Who was six months in a year ago, they were all saying about all, all the new economy and it's a whole new deal. And now all of a sudden, wow, what's wrong with you people? You should have done your due diligence. Like Ted David will give me that crack talking down to me there. But then who didn't you do your due diligence and didn't you realize that the P.E. is where we're ridiculous and unsustainable and y'all are ready. See, anybody's got hindsight. I mean, it doesn't take any genius to figure that out. We've got to call that psychic that the rumors use. Do you still have you pulled your money out of your money? Of course not. I can't afford to pull it out. I'm going to take a $450,000 loss. Can you do it? Bring it guaranteed if the five percent will bring it back up after a while. Yeah, right. I know. I live in that long. Yes, sir. I think Joe Coro's right to serve that not on the head. Okay, good luck, yes, sir. Okay. Don't be a tempest in a pit, a piss pot and whatever it is. Five six seven. And they were arguing about the him being unable to blow a water for T.D. to see that story. No, that was the essence of the argument as opposed to the essence of Emerald. So he's too stupid to blow a water. That's basically what you would say. And of course, we all know that. So what's the big sentence about? I think he could cook like a good carrot. Simist? No, we're going to bad one. No, human's don't know from carrot. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty on the AT. Look at that orthodox Jews. That's the leading comma. I told you they're pissed off about it. They're not happy with that. The Yiddler, I don't know why. And they won't discuss it. They're in hiding. They won't discuss these things. I've never had one call about that. Have I? Can you remember any during the election? Think. Oh, there are a couple of words about the. Like you think. I'm talking about just orthodox Jews in general being the bottom of the barrel. The super orthodoxy. The one's, you know, that rocked back and forth and throw rocks at the women and each other, etc. And so on. Is it a sin to call you or each trace? No, not only in the weekend. And I'm poor. When we're looking for free home and touch. Which thank you very much. Did we ever find out as pastry lanes to open? We never found out. Well, let's find out. When quarry minds want to know if anybody in the audience is aware of that joint of that bakery, which he used to be a pretty good place for the Fierce to open, I bet to the quarries probably gone way down. Here's a pinecris, fellow. Deal. Yes, yeah. Speaking. Sorry, sir. Okay. Just want to say that the Hesitum are to a smell the way H Wayne is to sight. Yeah, that's very good. I like that. Well, originally I wanted to talk to you about hockey, but I guess I'm Mr. Cavia. I don't know more hockey. But you can talk about it, son. I'm not going to talk about it. What is it? It's talk about it. Well, I was just one of you seen the sunset and the where a Michael. Bruce Hill had talked to a buffalo Bill Praurie about finding Michael Pecker perhaps. And it sounds like that's a bunch of bulls. What are you talking about, there's two late now. Yeah, but he's got the contract hold out, doesn't it? I'm not your pardon? Isn't he in a contract hold out and they might eventually dump him right now? It's two late now. He's got, he's on a sideline, just like Big Erika and we're not talking about this. Big E, huh? Right. Well, also, well, I'm out of that. One request or a bigger question, actually. I'll come here with you, I'm just taking on the Irish. You know, you shouldn't have them on the pole. That's the direction to put that on there too. And they deserve it. Big time. What's the answer? What's your beef with them? Because there are a lot of ballarney. That's your problem. Lots of ballarney. I mean, we all like the drinks. And they're busy killing each other up there, Northern Ireland. They're running around with those orange outfits on on part. That's not a good question. Which orange outfits bother you the most? The one from the whole of his voice, the ones that the Protestants were on Partisan marching days when they walked through the Catholic neighborhoods to piss him off and get the drums going. Well, I hope you had the march and hopefully then on that. OK, happy seeing you, ladies. Thank you. Thank you. It's your bottoms up. By the way. So to speak. Watch out when you say bottoms up. That's, especially in that same party's day, Parry. They get really upset about that. You know, which ones I mean? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. What do everyone do? If I, if I, if I, say Collin, would you be wanting to come over tonight? Please, to help me, uh, wax my sherry, I, oh, now that I would make a touch on me. If you'd be, where'd I in the scene? I know there's a smart lusy. She's making sure her lusy is wearing the clearly green protection of leprosy condoms. Both the vision are a holy robe. I've found them for the gift of the gab. Especially if you're planning on kissing some bloody stone hair, what have you? The doctor didn't your protection. With leprosy condoms. They're strong enough for a man. But I like them too. Oh, kick yourself a different condom. And your walkie kicking in anything else? Feeling down and blue, I are no devins or anything. I'm so, you know, Jane, the path and the alusy. That's why it's cool, man. Hey, you sat ground up corals. Can I hear from the pastors with coffee corks? Really? Collin, coffee corks, kind of it. Hey, man, you stop this drain. Is that a leprosy on this ceiling, man? You're not a leprosy. I'm not a leprosy. I'm not a leprosy. I'm not a leprosy. Hey, don't you hate man, the place he's proud of you, son. I'm a new step in calling. I'm raising the owner for the critic. And you also have the way you come right down. Or what they're all saying, Patrick's day anyway? What is the point? Do we have like a French day? Some special French holiday. Do we have like some spit holiday that everybody's celebrating here? And don't tell me you'll think of them. That's only like a 10 miles against great. Like we have like a little waning holiday. And they're like a German holiday besides Passover, because otherwise the Irish will riot. That's true. That's true. You're drunk and riot. We'll say a lot of practice at practice makes perfect. Just like, you know, stoning people to that. See, there's this kid with a slingshot. So this is payback now. Here's a mobile and del Rey. Hello. Hey, I know it. Pretty good, sir. Your popular George, you're going to get 25th anniversary week, huh? No. I'm hanging up. But he had a lot of the congratulations. Well, that was only one day. There was only on B day. Was that the day? Even on that day we had open life. It's not like he used to be man. It's never going to be like that again. It's a mobile hat, you know? You know, you're still good at the measel. I always enjoyed you. So good heads. And what could deal with this George, I'm being on the summer? I can't believe it. George is going to be on the summer. What are you talking about? All right. Well, that's all the conversation. Maybe we're going to put him on. I thought he's being rude with us. I could have put him on. Remember what William Holden said in network when they called him on the phone. He said, leave him on. Remember that about Howard Beale. Leave him on. Yeah. That's what I told Greg. He's like, talking about eating ass. I said, leave him on. And that's the end of that. Yeah. Well, about the fan. I don't want to talk to hockey. But I know I'm not going to remind him. That's true. There was no interest. None. Maybe if anybody was there last night, they can tell me how many people really there was hard to tell on TV. It looked about 70,000 to me, but he can't tell. A lot of MTCs in the lower bull. And of course, they never showed the upper bull. I would have told him with a people that night. It was three of us trying to give our tickets away. And it was all papers anyway. Right. Exactly. Hey, that was a long time ago. You said that's William and guy used to call for pay for. Never like cart. Yeah. Have it on cart. We never had that on cart. You mean, pee pee from Pemper Pime. Yeah. We never had him on cart. Never. No. He was always gray. He was a good for a life. He vanished. Yeah. Yeah. I hate what that happens. Yeah. Thank you for being home for the joke. Some of the times the last 20 years. What is that mean? You're going to lose me soon. What does that mean? What are you talking about? I've been there for that many times. I've been to pay here if I could go to Amsterdam and live. Yeah. I mean, so, you know, we're going to have years. You're going to lose me soon. 20 years have gone pretty quick. So three and a half will be gone. Not cooking up. Okay. You're going to like people. I'll send you postcard. Yeah. Oh, boy. These people sitting here begging for calls every day. Oh, what are we going to do without you? What are we going to do with your code? What is their story? What is their story? God. And this big rally that we're having to study, but 11 o'clock in. And I see it already kind of like dissipating. This big rally that we're trying to hold up there. I don't want to talk about that either. It's through a person. Keep it light. Keep everybody in a good mood. Read that promo for Clarence again. 4 30 5 60 WAM by Amy Port Lunders. A measly broadcast group station. WQAM.com. A clinic where 80 of all from men. A smell like a warmer. A smell like a warmer. A smell like a warmer. And not that's her shah-h-h. In the men's section over after all, on a sample from women's break and so on. A freedom is with someone new. Now I'm left with the role of a freaking group. Oh, mama. I like one day. I feel like the one month. Who else? Someone very gay gay gay. Look at what I want to say again. That movie set of a woman was a piece of crap. 5 60 5 50 5 60 I just mentioned that in person. 5 50 60 on the AT&T. And Brian's a wireless line. 122 votes on our survey. Which of Niels comments piss me off the most. None of his comments piss me off 75. A full 61 1 1 1 1 1 1. People with a brain. By the way, we're going to be doing next week shows all life from Hubart House. His comment about Orthodox Jews seems to be leading the pack. 21 that 17.2% are upset the most. I comment about Orthodox Jews. His comment about blacks only nine. Religion nine guns five. Politics two and finally we got one pissed off about my comments about. Cubans. Look how Joey finally got to the other thing. We had to make the T first. Here's for a lot of nail. Hello. Yes sir. Patrick O'Larry. I'm from the high voice. Holy voice. Holy voice. He's not the snow cream beer. Holy voice. Holy voice. Great. Holy voice. Okay. Go while I wax your shale. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. That sounded like Mad Mike. The one I used to do the Mad Mike. The Masterbator from our sales department. Not Mad Mike. The Abol guy. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Well, no. Yes sir. I just wanted to share a hot seat of story with you. Yes sir. Here we go. I'm doing. Uh huh. I've been in the low-recytement hat and for about 15 years. Oh boy. He came gentrified as one second and there were a lot of ladies of the evening. Yes. And every night on my way home I could always be sure to find at least one car road of hot seat of them. They must have been interviewing girls to see if they can convert them. They'd have girls coming up. Speaking to them in the window and then getting in the car with them. Yeah that must have been that they were converting them. What do you think that they were doing? They were laying on hands. But just another bunch of hypocrites in the religious world. I think we were yelling. They were laying to fill in. They were laying something. Mm-hmm. Everybody you could find these guys. Excellent. Zygazon. Because I could look. Okay. Maybe they were showing her how to do them. Could be. So they were walking. At least the car was rocking back and forth. 560. 560. We got ample open lines. Your ample opportunity here for you to speak your piece. All these people out there that I've said by my comments about Orthodox Jews were Are they going to call? No. I don't see pussy comes to mind. That sounds like to me. Watch it pussy. You know. Very easy to go there. Honestly on our website, which is why. Yeah, why it's there. But they won't because they haven't got the courage. They're convictions because they know that I'll reduce them the shreds in about 4 seconds or less. Whether weak arguments. Just like the religion is out there. They're not going to decrydely anymore because they know they're just wasting their time with all of their archaic bullcraft. See a shpart to yesterday. I'm driving home on county line road there. I see him on a bumper stick on the back of his car. He's got a big cross. It says, J.C. wants you. And you know what? What brought back to mind? Back in the IOD days when J.C. said, I wanted it. Yeah. J.C. wants you. Well, what's wrong with you crazy people out there with your. I mean, if you want to believe in fairy tales, fine, but you have to advertise it on your goddamn bumper of your car. Talk about intolerant and obnoxious. It's good they do that. No, it is not good they do that. So it is that way you know who they are. And by the way, everyone of those people always drive. There are two groups of people who are the worst drivers, which covers a lot of ground here. Number one, the one who have the religious bumper stickers and number two of the ones who have the sticker that says, how's my driving call 1 800 E crap, you know that one? The worst. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, I don't. What is it? I don't. Okay, pal. Listen, two things. How about the guys that wear the girl that wear the little bracelet. W.W. Yeah, what was the woman? Yushki do you? Yushki. Also, a farm walked into a five year contract with club seats over the red center. There. Can I cancel it? Or am I bound by a contract? You're asking me like I know I talked to you lawyer at SoundVlick. Sound like a lawsuit to me. Well, you know what I mean? They took away our players or taken away everything. Right. But now one out. You know, three years. And it's just enough for ready. Well, Tom, you want a rebate. A refund. You're going to sue their ass. Right. Thank you. Okay, you're welcome. How do you like that? Yeah, they're not going to be showing up. So I hope you guys have a real good time next year. And those of you, you know, the suck rules. I mean, I understand a lot of people over there have to suck hard to keep their job in that organization. But Jesus. Sucking hard doesn't mean you have to put on your experience. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Miami with a question mark. Hello. Hi, Mil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Was I mistaken or did I hear you say that the mad dog is going to be on for Hank and two today? That's precisely what I said. Can you give me a big all right? Can I give you a big all right? How about a little. Oh, right. That's good enough. Yeah. What about tomorrow? Well, how about if I gave you the schedule for a front and now until like circus will be good. All right. Okay. That's the only heavy on him. But let me turn the page. Yeah. Give you a he'll be on them all right from here in the building. Wow. How do you like that? I'm going to say about that because we love seeing the mad dog. Exactly. That's that little hour on the weekend and whatever is not nearly enough. Also, one small work in the Hacidam and that would be any Irish bar on St. Goyship Pup Day. Yeah. And we can get some of the Hacidam to come to the Irish bars and tell them. We can green beer. Yeah, right. Okay. Not to mention the smell. Okay. Happy M.R.I.D. March. Okay. Be worthy of March. Be worthy of the hostile thing. Whatever that goes. Anybody see the boys in the band lately? No. I still want to learn the hardest morning. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Straight from Stockholm in your home. Remember that thing I read that one day about the, I got a back here somewhere. About the quality of life that surveyed all those cities all over the world. Got the, the only thing we come out with is about Switzerland and the people who have had bad teeth that the C.M. is beautiful but the people suck and they have bad teeth. Which if you're going to suck it's not going to have bad teeth, it's dangerous. And they're not sees light. Yeah, not see light. In fact, speaking of teeth, you know, probably maybe that's why they were stealing all those teeth. Maybe it wasn't ready for the gold. Maybe they just wanted to, he just wanted to do a replacement. Yeah. That might have been what it's all about. You think so? No. No. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How you doing today, Neil? I'm doing very well, sir. Great show. I got a high seed in story if I can. Yes, sir. We have some in the family that live out on the beach. And, you know, they have interesting rules, you know, this kosher thing with the separate dishes. Sure. No big no place. You can. Yeah. Exactly. They got like two different kitchens, but, you know, but, you know, they still eat at Burger King McDonald's and all the eating stuff. Yes, especially those teeth were a little bit suspect. If I could talk about a movie. I personally did like it. You can use Burger. What is it? Sorry. Do you like our books? Our books? Yeah, he's okay. Did you ever see the movie out defending your life? Yeah. Did him in Marryl Street? No. You should check it out. It's. And we've got it. You should check it out, Neil. Okay. Thank you so much. I'll check it out. I'm going to check it out. No. You're just not forget about it. There's way better movies. Always the movie you were telling me that I should see about the stock market the boiler room. Boiler room. I was at about ourselves the problem of the stock market. Both. Look at this. Look at this phone. I mean, it's not even 1115 yet. We got one call off done here. What is with you people today? What is with you people? We bring out our great-day product. We handed to you absolutely free. And I'm sitting here like playing with my son here today. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon on better. Get this mentally call. We'll be gone when we come back. Hello. See you. Yes, sir. You're it. I wish I was. You're the only colleague I'm in. Listen, I just gotta change turning on. Has anybody brought up what I heard on the news this morning about our all the more lines out there who put this guy in the office about the clean air act and how he's not going to have the people put this. That's yesterday's news. That's yesterday's news. He's already we nigged. Can I say we nigg and I know it's on stuff that Burger King jokes. He's already we nigged. He's already done that campaign pledge about, you know, carbon dioxide. He's in the pocket of the big business people. We knew that. It's it's it's totally sure I have three words for you when it comes to the environment. Okay, and this administration forget about it. Unbelievable. Yeah, no variable. Yeah, well, this is true. And what happened with the fact that all the big business people in the stock market all they all wanted. And I said, I did, I keep asking this question every day including my stock broker who voted for Bush only because if Bush got in the markets, we're going to go skyrocketing and everything was going to be great. And it kind of was going to take a and the meantime when a guy named the person and he and his vice president with the week ticker there. He's talking to China about the recession. What's the one to get that tax crowd cut through there for the rich. It's got rock it straight down. My money told us that Cheney had something to do with the bad ticker we thought it was his home. We didn't realize we was the stock market. Have a great day, pal. We like to ask we needed a motion that took I'm not watching a much and see it. I know they got that thing on the bottom. That's enough for me. I'm not watching a gambling channel anymore today. I want to stand a really good mood. Which if we get some calls, I will and if not, I'll still have a care. Thanks no difference to me. I get paid one way or the other. It's just a question whether you want to be a bunch of dead heads. He want to wake up in a sniff at little bit. This is 560. You A.L. Can't get trivia. Better than mornings it is. But, are you going to have a Hollywood trivia channel? No. On SportsReview 560. Q.A.M. Yeah, push. Go. Go. We've got to get it that ain't too bad. Same occupation as dead ones had. Cruises as when it counts in 10. Helps into an emperor on a limb. Like the bush we had before we got the same name on the overlap story. It's an air thinkin' unlike winter. I don't make this country wonderful. A few of the George W.A. like this. That when it quoted 14 bomb bags. It's the dumb ones another fight. It's a church in the making lawn of cry. Is that when it goes to threaten dreams of the weekend. Make intense smiles. Would you better went to hear him say? That he would say will be wonderful someday. He might promise us everything that don't make still. And he's got the changey. To blame if something goes wrong. Once the Brett gets to him till he arrives. We impress it is Aso wonderful now. Well that's a beautiful thing. It's about 16 at 5.60 WCU. I've got a pair for Toronto team on Saturday to give away. Yeah, I'm off this team in here. And these are Greg's tickets right there in the front row. Section 133. Right there in the front row, you can put your nose up on the glass and say, hey, there's Aki Berg. There's a match on Dean and there's Igor Corlev in Sergey Burrza. There's a Coojo and Mojo and Mudder. Huh? To get anybody wants these tickets? Only for a Toronto fan. If no Panther fans are getting these tickets. They're in Panther fans. Oh, no. We're going to meet police fans out there. I want to sit right in the front row. There's Section 133. And see the Maple Leafs and the Panthers on Saturday at the Macaroon. Here they are. Huh? That's the game. It's the Toronto Maple Leafs and Panthers. That's the Saturday night in the Macaroon. It's a set of clock-by-aways game time because it's Hawking 9 candidates. So it's an early starting time. Don't forget about that. Don't forget to boot that. 560-560-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One thing we had to take risk for this. I'll get him. Don't waste your time. WCOM. George? Yes. Hello. George is a Georgia or a deal. Neal? Neal? Yes. I was just trying to see a bump of the... I heard you had some maybe hadn't spare spare tickets left over for the Toronto game on Saturday night. I got a pair right here right in the front row. It's what I just said. Oh, that would be wonderful when the AT&T one. You'd be the most welcome side of that scene the long time. That's what I'm trying to beg her. Well, are you a Toronto fan? Yes, sir. I was born a Troy but we said. Take a cross to that Toronto. Uh-huh. Well, let me ask you. What number does Sege Berryson wear on the Maple Leafs? Sege Berryson. Right. He's that Ford. I'm trying to remember what his number is. I, you know, it just escapes me. Okay. 560560. Why? What are you laughing about? I mean, anybody who's a real leaf fan for quite six-day cheer is a little bit of that. Huh? WCOM? Hello? Yes, sir. I'm not a navel leaf fan, but it's up. WCOM? Yeah. What are you talking to me? I'm not talking to me all that's tickets? Yes, sir. No? Yes, I'm here. This is... Okay. No. I am not a Maple Leaf fan. 560560. I mean, didn't I make it very clear? Am I speaking good English today? I'm speaking perfectly. Perfecto. Perfecto. Yeah. Okay. She's hysterical. I said, I'm only given the tickets. The ticket for the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Panthers. I'm Serity Knight, 7 o'clock at a Mac Arena. And being a Maple Leaf fan of longstanding and normalist stuff, even though we're not talking about hockey anymore. But this is a great... See this is good. This isn't talking about it. This is exposing once again the lack of knowledge, the pathetic lack of knowledge that exist about anything down here. That's right. These people wouldn't know, come on. Have a telephone from, come on. The Sapphire. That's right. Even George knows the red man. One is the red man. The red man, the other one is the dead man. For Christ's six. They would know John Campbell from W.J. Campbell. And believe me, is there a little bit of difference? Yeah. Like about 80 million wins. Okay. So like I said, we got some tickets for Pompeo Park. They wouldn't know Ed Hennessy from Walley, Hennessy. How's it going? Ed, Walley. Glad I missed you. Let me say it again. Walley's dangerous. Remember that? What he's after? Really doing great. He's dangerous. And what he's after? Not doing great. That's what he's really dangerous. You're a good guy, Walley. Good actor too. W2AM. Yeah. Call the speaker Neil. Speaking. Hey, how's it going? Pretty good. I'm calling because I like to take it. You know, if things don't work out down here, I don't have the money to head to answer to him, but I sure would be able to forward moving up the Toronto. What does that mean? What I'm saying is, you know, hey, let me get it to do it for the calls. Because you don't have to push me down anyway. You know, at least this one. Are you a Toronto fan? Toronto Maple Leafs? Yes. Toronto Maple Leafs? Yes. And what number does does he tuck a wear? I don't know. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Verizon Wireless Lines, being a little pissed off now. Fakers, wannabes, suck rules, free loaders. That's South Florida, baby. Yeah. Don't be called here and try to put it over on this kid, okay? I didn't say make believe. I said Maple Leaf. Don't confuse me with that woman. They're in a pickle barrel in Toronto on Young Street a couple years ago. Don't you believe in anything? Maple leaves. Maple leaves? Yeah. Make believe. You're like a real person. But here is a woman pedaling Jesus. I had her eating kishki in the pickle barrel. Only new Rogers. Only. They'll go. But I've got him eating kishki and Angler's buying release Miguel records. What is it? Mark Eisenberg could have won those tickets. You know the answer. Yeah. I'm thirsty, Tucker. We're not given any tickets away. In fertile internal people. Okay. Mark would all do respect. Get your own damn hockey tickets. You're, I mean, your buddies in there are all hanks out of the top. Get him from the mad dog. He's got connections. Get him from Muff. That works up now with you. Mark said no. He's busy Saturday. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60, 60, 80. I totally is going to be a good show today. Oh, yeah. My head is spinning from this show. Like a dredal. All there it goes with that due talk again. How's that pull coming, by the way? Which of Niels comments piss you off the most? None of his comments piss me off. Of course not. 50. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. None of his comments piss me off. Of course not. 59% 114 out of 193. His comment about orthodox joys. I don't want to piss me off the most. 33 or 17% about charges at blacks. 19, religion 12 guns. Comeets about guns behind people say pisses him off the most. About politics five and two men's only one. Well, Joe, I'm called any. So I meant the owner might be corn. And as the audience. What are they to hold on me? How do you say audience in Spanish? I don't know. Oh, like I said, audience. So anyway, we're still looking for a make-belief end out there with that. And no, we've had some make-belief end. Fonies. And these are the same people that yesterday. Just stuck it to me. Remember yesterday when I was begging in that office. I'm going to let these hockey fans out there. See what I mean? Who are you people kidding? Just like that guy that called matches once. But twice because him and his two kids would love to free tickets. They're happy. A lot of other people aren't going up because that means that maybe they can suck some free tickets. Well, I got some of you can suck pal. WQA in. Oh. Yes, sir. I like to tell. Speaking. Mayo. Yes. Not only do I know that Sergey Berz in numbers 94, but I also know that he never should. Never pass as the only shoe. Yeah. And what about those tickets? And what about Igor Corlev? He's an excellent note that he's on the next range. I'm thinking to covaluate. What numbers you were? That I couldn't tell you. Come on. There might second favor see behind the rangeers. I know. 560, 560, 560 on it behind the freaking rangeers. How do you like that? The rangeers. Yeah. How does rangeers going to do in a playoffs? Make it in the share. Oh, not again. With a $6 million or $60 billion payroom. And I'm making it again. Oh, wow. What a shame. And that poor Theo Ferrie, he's back in the back of the car again. That's sleep. Graham James, he's up front drive it. And there's poor Theo's in the back seat. Does sleep. Maybe that's why he's had a little bit of a drinking problem. Theo. Theo Ferrie. How do you like that? Say this guy thinks he's going to pull a roll over my eyes. Pull a roll over my eyes. I think it happens, sir. I want to real honest to go out living and breathing, feeling and touching a maple leaf fan. That these tickets right there and then are front roll. That's some Ranger fan. Not some unclean uncut Ranger fan. We'll be probably from most thing all over that glass. He'll be shmaring it. W to Q a m. Not only do I dislike your comments of large horses, but just like your comments of large horses that doesn't know Bahaqi. Yeah. And Toronto Maple Leaf fan. Yeah. I want to take it. Darcy Tucker. Tucker. Six feet. Yeah. Eagle Coral. Oh, God. Five six seven. Five six eight. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. On the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. This is so sad. Remember the day that I gave away some Panthers. A couple of years ago. And I was given like for Panther numbers, our own team. And some women finally called up an admitted she looked it up in a hockey news. Remember that? I mean, this is scary this place. This is freaking scary. And what's even more scary is looking at the goddamn phone now. And you want to know why? Because it's free. This is five sixty. Q a l. Oh, because you Q a l dot com from all of your cyber meat. They are the internet on computers now. Sports radio 5. Sixty. Q a l. Don't take any bullsh** on that. Good morning. As I begin, I want to overcharge American taxpayers. My top priority is cause billion dollars of damage. My plan reduces new businesses, new jobs, and new growth at a time when we need all three. And on your behalf, I am asking for two trillion dollars of debt over the next decade. Future generation should pay back money that we borrowed. We owe this to our children and grandchildren. And now I hope you'll send a message in favor of death to your congressman or your senator. Thank you for your grant. Thank you. I'm thirty at five sixty. WCM. Now let me ask you this since I'm doing this thing screenless here with these tickets. Why did George heavy come in here? Mark. Oh. Hey, I just keep you out of it. No, I know what he's doing. I know that. But he I'm telling you. For a little spick, he's sure is full of crap. You know, I've never seen anybody crap so much in my life as George. And I'm not a man like. In addition, what you think of what he's been here about thanks to spirit yesterday. So I probably shouldn't say it on here. Well, he's out of time anyway. He's under the way to figures. When there he is today during the show during a break and evidently, you need to was calling. And it's been, you know, a lot of days the lights are off in there like they're very dim. We made a bad mistake sat down on the seat and of course somebody had to take an leak and like all over the seat. And poor hand came out with the evidence all over the back of his pants and muttering and screaming and morning. Now playing me a hump or what kind of bunch of slotted we have in this place pissing on the damn toilet seats. Huh? And all over the floor and all over the floor and on the walls and probably with an editorial comment is what it was. Which I think maybe I understand like I said thank you Mark for whatever you just did because you were trying to go out and take a look at dump. It was a great one actually. Was it really good? Oh yeah. No, there's nothing like that. It's nice to solid. Not as good as the one I did there. Not yesterday, but today before on my way out of here. Oh God. I just. I really want to describe. I'm serious. Voluminous. That's the only word that I can. Why do you see when they have I'd be yes. They're voluminous. And you wonder, how could anybody even tell you each as much as I do? Speak of that. How about our friend Ayur. I think I bring us some once today. What like maybe my. I was just thinking about. Yeah. Ayur. Not God. But I mean like Ayur from Atlantic City, Serbs and Hollywood. I'm a good friend. Where I remember the yeah. Yeah. How about you Q a m. Hi. Yes sir. I'm looking for those leaf ends. You're looking for leaf fans? Please take it. Yeah. Are you a you a maple leaf fan, sir? I love the leaf. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Tours number nine. Number nine Nick Antipos. And 16. Uh, Darcy Tucker. And 22. Equal Coral. You got it pal. Thanks man. Hang on. There you go. There's a real maple leaf fan, sir. There's a real there's somebody took us only what 600 calls. Oh, there you go. He's got him. There's a real sincere. Yeah. Like looking for needle and a hasteack in his town. I don't know why you people have a goddamn hockey team here. I don't know why you got a basketball team. Why you m is going to need those guy damn funny. But only teams and they're talking about building another arena over there. For that, but for school, it doesn't even exist with six students. Come on. Let's get serious. Take it to your guard by the way. You can stop. We're going to phone off the hook. We can get back to doing a show. Thanks for screwing up my share Greg. Thanks, Moth. Well, killed about a half an hour. That was good. Even a farmer brown could never milk it like this kid. I can look those. And this down to piece of cake. Piece of cake. Maybe I'll just, maybe I'll just do screenless the rest of the day. Or is he going to pick him up? Or are you still talking to him? Oh. Super Rule and WQM. Preset our 2001 college hoopsest area contest log on at WQM.com and start making your selections for Round 1, the NCAA tournament. Better do it now. You got less than a half an hour. You have to elune the day to get your Thursday picks and prizes. They'll be given away after he's trying to be grand prize walks away. The grand prize winner walks away with a $1,000 in curved hard cash. Or maybe it'll be a little on the lookworm side. courtesy of Subaru and sports radio 560, WQM. There you go, Clarence. I guess that's it. Enough free plugs for Clarence. Ah, Jesus Christ. Oh. Man. Wow. Okay, how's that survey coming? 238 votes on our poll today. Which in the hills comments piss you off the most? None of his comments piss me off. 140, 140 really great people out there. I love that. Almost 60 percent. His comments about orthodox Joe's. That one is leading the pack boy. I'll tell you. Oh, 35, 14.7 percent are pissed off about the true. They're very true, very accurate things that I say about the orthodox Joe's. The oxydom, the super orthodox, the, you know, I'm talking about the getchkeys. You know, I'm talking about. With a big coach and a big hats in the pace and the tits is, can we say tits is? Oh, there's comments about blacks 21, 21 be pissed off about that. About religion 13 guns 13. Yeah. Cubans, that's starting to make a little bit of a move now. There are b.i. people don't like mine. They're pissed off my comments about Cubans. And politics only seven. Because I don't know how they can be pissed off about comments about politics anymore. Because I've told you the truth, and that is the awsuck. So I can't even not like that. That isn't an attempt to like why the fence you go down the middle. I leave that to be for. That's just an attempt to tell it exactly the way it is. It blows. So we gave away the leaf tickets right there in the front row for Saturday. To a very knowledgeable young Toronto Maple Leaf fan, which I'm very excited about. Nice going there, Neil. These fakers. Oh, I'm really a ranger fan. I'm really an asshole. Whatever. You know, who are you people trying to kid? You're not talking to some puts on this radio station window. A hockey from a goddamn slider. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Neil. You're talking to me after you get the tickets to Wix. I didn't want you to think that was a grubber there. Okay. Hardford 1982, in the hardford Civic Center, walking there the locker rooms down there. Incault is making a delivery. Turn the corner. These stand in front of me in a jock strap, but Davey Keon. Really? He was short and stocking every way imaginable. Huh. Yeah. I guess that's why when he auditioned for that surfing movie, Hank Tenney did make the cut. Believe me. Number 14 was true to his form. Okay. Thanks. I'm going to the next one. Okay. We're going to get these people. Of course, we haven't been talking about hockey. We just gave it a pair of hockey tickets. It could have been for like shuffle board. It could have been for a trip to Mars. Anything. So, when we're talking about hockey, let's take him to the assigned answer. I went back on my plane just like he'll presidency the bushmeister. Went back on his touch about cutting down the carbon dioxide emissions. They're emitting it. You can smell it. Because he's full of crap. And this is why we have to go through all of this punishment now. And I know it's interesting. I would say in that, and I thought, well, people are going to think that I'm crazy. But now that Democrats are saying the same thing. That the reason that the Cheney and the Bush, they all been talking about recession, about all these problems. And because they've helped to create this mentality, this packed mentality, and create this fear and a loathing. Which is why there are no buyers out there. And that's why consumer confidence is dropping like a rock. Because this is the way they can create enough panic to get their tax cut for the rich, to just the way they wanted. Pristine. I'll take it. You'll take it. Well, I'll take whatever we can get right now. By the way, you notice who wrote this story? He's a busy. He's still talking to that guy. Whatever he's doing. Who are you talking to? But mother? Your mama? No, that really. Oh. So anyway, Ellie Breckers the one that wrote this story about the teacher was fired at the Hebrew Academy for his comments. And he was really, he was just fired. He was just good as fired. He was the same to him. And he was suspended and not rehired fired. He was what it boils down to. Michael Lopez Calderon. Ellie Brecker wrote that story. And I noticed there were many letters to the editor in the paper today. And then what is it? Harold? I got to hear it, of course. All of what you're full of crap. I mean, now the one comment I would agree with. Written by Pinkers Shector, who's obviously author-ox. Pinkers. PINC agent. Pinkers. But it is true. It says, can you imagine the teacher in the Catholic school speaking out against the Pope? No. FNA would not. No way. They ought to. But they ain't. They could do that and keep their lives right. They ain't going to do that and keep their job. Oh, no. So just, you know, telling like George Caesar, that's not enough to keep your job in Hebrew Academy. And my question is, what they were doing hiring Graham in the first place? I don't understand it. Here's Washington. Hello. Western. How can Western not be there? Oh, they got taken away for smoking. Here's a mobile and pop in, oh, hello. Mr. Robert? Yes, sir. Good day, sir. Good day. I just wanted to comment about the game last night. I'm some sort of on-box. Oh, yeah. Now see this one. I said we're not going to talk about this. Oh, I'm not sure. I got you. I was so loud that you got a lot of words in the mathematical column. You couldn't hear pop vanae when we're talking about that. I'm serious. I might just want to ask them to turn it down tomorrow night. Turn the penguins game, please. Oh, you're talking about the noise line. Yeah. I thought you're talking about the fans. Not going to come out. I'm going to come in with those. Did it, because they did it. Yeah, well, see that. That's the substitute for that. That's just another thing they keep doing as to make sure you can't have a good time. Not only is the quality not there anymore, but the enjoyment factor. They just they've drained the life well and out of us. I'm asking, I'm asking, second, please do not. And don't do it on Saturday either because I'm going to be, we'll be reverting. Kind of have it operate back. And you too. Like. 5605050, pound 560 on the 1810 Verizon Wireless Line. Rolling long signal song. Don't forget the mad dog. Yeah. In for Hank from David Bustier to this afternoon. This is 560, you a l. It's a little bit more evil. You know, but in all new text by Michael, Uncle Billie takes two new second-grade spots to the back yard to share them his reptile collection. Oh, kids, you want to see my pet. There you go. That's touched by an uncle. Tonight on the P.M. 143, we're ending with 17 before on noon at 560 WDQAM. Anyway, this is a teacher over there. They have a academy. This is a story from a few days ago. The Middle East conflict has came to casualty in Miami Beach and the career of an outspoken teacher at a Jewish day school who posted, and it didn't say these things in class you do understand. He posted in the flimeter remarks from his home computer and I pro-Palestinian website. I don't think this guy, but I think George did it. Michael Lopez, Carl Barone, a 40-year-old non-Jewish Cuban American was teaching social studies economics at the Hebrew Academy's Rabbi Alexander as gross high school for the fifth year, when it was asked to take paid leave on March 2nd. Volunteer school board president Adrian Mower, Adrian Mower, kind of an English ad, sounds Irish, not Jewish. And that's on Irish? He said the pro-Azureal pro-peace orthodox institution with almost 500 students will not renew his 31,000 dollar contract for the fall. Lopez, Carl Barone, sees himself as something of a first amendment, Margarine Piccino, a phenomenon as black dealers, who smear campaign back school officials into a corner. He said he believes Israel is oppressing the Palestinians as surely as racist to why the American government wants to post blacks. How about the Indians? Oh, I'm sorry. Then to the home. They got to do that. They got their cigarettes in their casserole. I was anyway, so leave them alone in their bows in their arms. And their peace pipe and their peyote. So we're not actively killing them anymore. And their coyotes. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. See you. Yes, sir. You're getting on us for not knowing about hockey. But who says we're supposed to know in the bohockey to be free? We're not talking about hockey. We don't know anything about hockey. We don't know anything about hockey. We can't count as just losers. I mean, do you know anything about hockey? Who cares about hockey? Well, we have a hockey team. That's also why we said we don't shouldn't have a hockey team. I don't care about soccer. Well, there you go. I agree. Bye. There you go. No argument there. Just like if we had no eskimo slid. Do we need eskimo slid racing here? No. Doesn't fit. Doesn't belong. If the food don't fit, bye-bye. 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T. And we'll have some more of this one. Sounds to me like you're arguing with yourself, sir. Here's Fort Myers, hello. I knew. Yes sir. About something I do know. Food. Yeah. Have you had that new Snickers crunch? What is that? Well, it's a new, you know, the Snickers changed things. It came out of that ice cream bar a little while ago. It came out with this new one called Snickers crunch. I saw it in all the candy. Snickers crunch water. Candy bar? It's a candy bar. It's in all the snack machines that work. And then I saw it in the convenience store. I'm not talking about the one that's got peanut butter in it. I don't know. I don't know whether no, no, no, no. This is brand brand new. It's kind of like one of those wetter macolots, you know, that first you. Yeah, I do know those. Yeah, what you're trying to like the combination of the two, but it's got that Snickers stuff. It makes the Snickers. What's the smell? Like, based on sposier. Exactly. So it was in all the same machines all, and all the convenience stores are now it's gone. I guess they were so popular. Wow. I hate that. Look out for it. Huh. Okay, I'm going to look out for it. That's all I got. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. Look out now. Because when you eat one of those, you'll be saying, my, my, my. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Somebody think about this, whatever it is. Ocean provocateur, Michael Lopez called her on. Who doesn't zone. And by the way, he's an atheist. Wow. There you go. Yeah. He protested apartheid in South Africa as a college student. Already it made his views on the Middle East known in January 6th letter to the Herodiy, accused me as really government of using periscuous lethal force against Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza, and is really settlers of Stephen Palustin in land. He's back away with the UN already said. He wasn't disciplined even though his opinion shocked and angered many of the school Mueller said. While many of this, you just throw like, you know, get slingshots and let the kids or stones in and get even for the Palestinian kids. Okay. Make you the rocks. Five, six, seven, five, five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, six on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. It's a struggle this week, man. It's a real struggle, even the Indian had never had such a struggle. There were, you know, avoid the oppression of the white man. Back in those days when wild or bill hitchcock and all those guys were doing their thing. Gabby Hayes and War Rogers and the Neil Rogers and the Hoppy and the and then those guys, all those silly old cowboys. You know, I want to think about the cowboys, even back in the 30s and 40s when they filmed all that stuff, I guess they really 40s. And then of course in the early 50s, by the time they got to tell them, they were all ready for South Beach, and the old days of South Beach, they were 100 years old, they ready for sunrise. But even when they were young, they were old. Anybody ever see hop along Cassidy, like young, no, gene-autree, oh, yeah. Even they were young, they looked like 100 years old, like baggy outfits, yeah, old cowboys. Kind of like sunny Rosenberg. Here's Bokha, hello. Bokha. Mobile enables, hello. Yeah, now. Yes, sir. Oh, interested in the league tickets. Yeah, they're already gone, sir. If you're interested, call a box office, I'm sure they have plenty left. 560, 560, palm 560 on the AT&T, a wireless line here's Bokha, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I was just scanning through the stations on a commercial break years, and I overheard a different radio analysis person, whatever. And also, in anal person? There you go. He made a comment saying that the drought is caused an all-time recobo in marijuana growth this year in Florida. Yeah, that's a shame. Thought you liked the news. OK, thanks for the bad news. OK, when and out, we're taking a bite of the drought. We have a little bit of rain and broiled by us yesterday for about 15, 20 minutes. Just a little one. 560, 560, palm 560 on the AT&T. So what was this guy who was anal on this other station? He just brought mine, is hello. Yeah, just to notice to all the Fort Myers listeners, it's overcast today and the wind is blowing right, so we get you for another two hours. All right, let's hear it. OK. Thank you. Thanks for the good news. We're getting weather reports. We're getting drought and weather reports. That's the kind of drought that you people have for material now. I'm talking about good stuff here about, you know, I'm trying to get like a little perspective. I think our poor lady is, is there as damn good, if you actually may. But I would get any input here on the air, but oh, no. I mean, you know, sometimes we take a poll that doesn't require any discussion on the air during the show. It's just on the on the website and people call, oh, well, I want to say, and I'm thinking, why are you telling me this? You know, that your favorite color is blue or whatever the poll is that it's not, it's not something we've discussed. But then I'll put something on there that you would think to be a little bit provocative and give people an opportunity to vent a little bit. And if they venting, oh, are they saying, oh, are they responding? Oh, and the website, they respond to get almost 300 votes in two hours, two, 89. And the Jews do what our Jews have the ones that haven't only feel good and rubbed the wrong way. Maybe that's what they smell like that. Here's a mobile that says in Tampa, hello. All right, need a God. Yes, sir. And the up and listed for years and years and years. How are you listening on a mobile and Tampa, sir? How is that possible? Well, actually, I'm from Tampa. Actually, I'm from Clearwater, but I'm over here. I come over here. I listen to you all the time. I sure. Why don't you say it alone? I alone. I'll say it up here in a grocery. Thank you. And then, one ask, I have two questions that I want to ask you. Real, let's go ahead, sir. Ron, now let me ask you that they finally close down Montvina, Santa, they still work on it. No, no, no. You didn't hear the lyrics, I was six foot brawl. Six inch rule? Six foot, no, they're in the Super Bowl. And we know that. That's old news. I'm talking about now. That wasn't January. This is March. Anyway, they didn't close the gun. It's going great. God, they did three publicity. Thank God. And that, the six foot rules gone now because the Super Bowl's gone for the opportunity. And then we just do them at the put on a dog and pony show. They're trying to make it look like they were goodly two shoes. That's exactly right. Right. That's not about your favorites that they got over there. Yes. Okay, cross you and one. So, don't get over that often. And let me check the clear on them all. Long on time, God, they're listening to you since the birthday, isn't fact. But I'm not going to ask you. I'll be pouring ready. Remember, don't choose the car. She's there around. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, she called this a couple days ago. She did. Yeah. Great. Great. Yeah. Second. Second. And what is it? What is it? Rob. Rob. Rob. What about him? Well, he got that out of the crowd. He's vanished. Yeah. I think he went back to Iowa to cornfields. Well, I have a great time, pal. Hey, hey, can you all agree with me? Okay. See you at Monts-Winners. Okay. Okay. See you at Montmese-Wi-Wi. 560, Pont560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 293 votes on our pool. Boathead at the internet, people at Anonymous People. The internet is a dangerous place. All your kids out there stay away from it. Dangerous. A lot of purverts out there. A lot of real, very, very nasty, dangerous evil people just sitting waiting in the lurch. Speaking of lurch, who was that guy in the hall this morning? Here's Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. You're a total of two. It's all the time. You're one of the good guys. Total of two. The one that's watching politically incorrect. That's a very natural and total show. Let's thank all of us around. We don't want to see this year's ago now. We don't want to see it in the meat now. We should all stuff these gutter-terry's need all there. Yeah, come on. Tell me down the E-Crap. Okay. 560, Pont560 on the AT&T, don't put any 400 year old people on it. Very good mood that they were having a good time. Don't spoil it. I put in people on over the age of a few years old. Six hundred years old. The old God. Well, we're running out of options. I do want to say that. No, we're not. We've got a couple of chrono. They're all got a question mark, son. See, that's something. We've got three cars on the board there. Two of my question marks. Love meaning, which you probably are cranked nuts, assholes idiots. You folks out there at 25 years, we're just starting our 26th try to kick it off. It's a real enthusiasm with energy here. We're getting it. Let me energy. We had with those few minutes. We're giving away those talking tickets. You should have seen these lines. You were the thought I was offered a million dollars in cash. Frantic. For a place where there are no hockey fans. There's no interest. But all of a sudden they heard that magical word free. Oh, where do I go? What do I do? What's that I'm about? Oh, cry, Tiro. Are you using for the second pair? A freeing friend, frenzy. Are we getting another pair? I got a pair. Five six, seven, oh, five sixty. I was just about to say something. So they're important. God, I threw myself right out of it. Are you going to ask me if I called IRA yet? Did you? No. Well, why the hell not? What are you doing? What are you doing? I want that salad. It doesn't have. And tell them they don't have to put 600 pounds of lettuce on it. I'll go and shim it can anyway. No, no, seriously. What do they do that for? And I'll tell them no coupons. Don't put any coupons in there. Because that's where I can't eat. They're hungry. It's not ordered that is because I can do addkins on an installation. Especially when I reprings it. Tell them we don't want to see Scott. We saw Scott yesterday that was just quoted from March. That was enough for him. Don't want to see no more Scott. Rimes with. It's not. Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir. When is the us? I left the frauds off your list. Yeah, but that what we're who would not like who would disagree with that. Well, I you know, it was. There was anything about a week or two ago they were organizing a protest that the Canadians from Quebec felt unwelcome and South Florida. Oh, good. They're finding it in the message. Just second a long time. A better late than ever. Thank God. Well, and not her then could you please give me a request and play that. What is this? You know, the baby crying. Oh, the baby cry. I'll all find it for you. All right. Thank you sir. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Send it back to Rebecca. I think that was the one from the movie. It's a lot. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. How's that market doing? I said not not spectacular, but at least it's in the green. It's a nice safe number. We'll settle for that. Anything just shut it down right now. We'll take it. Shut it down for the I'd the march. Here's a mobile in the Navy with a question mark. Hello. Yeah. I'm a first off caller. I'm not understanding that you're giving away. Oh, yeah. That's that idiot again. By the way, I'll see you busy with us. Sit lunch. We'll get to the next time. Okay, Jack. Yes. Reverend Jones. Mr. Your gay, Mr. Every day your gay, say, pay, play with yourself. Idiot. Four minutes still known here at five sixty. You're classy. Station W to Q a n. This is five sixty. Q a n. A B's Lee broadcast group station W to Q a n dot com. Or go more. Thank you for calling. Here's open part. Hello. Yes. Mr. Rogers. Speaking. Mr. Rogers. Reverend Jones there and I, I, you're another, another, another, Fony Reverend. Reverend, a controversial show today on. Allows from the past. What is it? You're having a controversial show on college from the past. No, we're not talking about college from the past. You're gay. Bits. Bits that you're doing. What are you talking about? You're playing old bit. No. No, I'm not. We, we had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape and you made some type of a, a cart on it. I guess that's what they're telling me. And we discussed not playing it on the air. What are you, what are you talking about? That's the part that gay bits. That was one of my, sir. Yes, sir. You appreciate to not play that gay. You're gay. You're gay. You're gay. Did you receive the letter? You're gay. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. Did you receive the letter? You're gay. There'll be a lawsuit. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. No, you're gay. You're gay. What was you trying to say? You're gay. Oh, from over two or five, six, you, I think that was at five, five, six, you've ever to Q. Anyway, we got Lady Mobile and somewhere. She's our only call. Lady Mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. I think you're the greatest. I am. I'm listening to you show all the time. Uh-huh. And you're great. I know that. You do that. What is this? You do. Yeah. Oh, okay. And. And. And. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, five, six, be on the AT&T. This may come as a great shot to you. But George tells me, spy report that we have many women calling off here. Yeah, why she called on you? I have no idea. But, uh, one of the ways it'd be one. Free hockey ticket. Who guessed it? Yeah. What on? Here's my Emmy. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You're great. You're gay. You're home all the way into homeowner. Right. Everything. Everything out of the B. You're the wind beneath my wings or between my legs. Uh-huh. What's it? I'm a little bit slower. Okay. That was hoping he had more of those. And he was clapping his wings and flying away right there. There he goes. A present fresh air. Uh-huh. Five, six, seven. No comments about this. Uh, this, uh, Palestinian lover over there. Lopez Calderon. His email supported the Palestinian bus driver who plowed into a crowd of Israelis, killing seven soldiers and civilians on February 14. What did these rallies expect? He posted at 10, 7 a.m. After he had another assassination at the round of tank and rocket fire into refugee camp in Gaza, Gaza, and two-an-armed Palestinian workers were shot dead at the Israeli defense forces, checkpoints. It should come as no surprise that the driver decided to deliver bitter medicine to a group of ID soldiers. I think this guy, I think Michael Lopez Calderon, he and Georgia going to be opening up their own school of 7. Uh-huh. School of Humanity. Something to do with a PO. Uh-huh. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pond five, sixty on the, oh, yeah. The Arabs are definitely humanitarians. They're almost there. They're all like I said. They're all a bunch of crazy people. You can have all of them. Okay. The Arabs. What is it? It's the Palestinians. All of victims. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Get off their land. Okay. No. No. No. What do you care? What? I don't care. Who the hell is on that land? It's a crappy piece of desert. What do you care? What are you so worried about it for? Tax dollars, US lies. Yeah, yeah. Right. You're very concerned about that. Yeah, yeah. I want that money. You better go out there and you have a good way to practice, Mr. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Here it goes. With your sisters to the rescue. See, I got them all whipped up there again. Cool. That's for you, sir. Here's a mobile and plantation, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, I just happened to hear last week this first time I had the opportunity to call the Jew head lunch with Craig Living. Yes? Did he have plans to come back on the air and do another show? And then he, I'm in the new future? No. He's just hanging out and not doing much at all, huh? Correct. Okay. Well, I just wanted to know. I've been trying to call him in. It would have been playing phone tag and not since you were really new. You would know. Thank you. Okay. Playing phone tag. You have it out like somebody Craig don't want to talk to him. All right. So let's have like personal messages. This is, I mean, I want to talk about it. I want to discuss it. Okay. Well, yeah. Uh, do you want to talk about that? Which is actually a lot of issues about the data defense. You want simple results. Should come to our board to have any medical instruction. Do you? Well, I think we all submitted the approval that you had island, but also wanted to see what you had, and want to see it, other countries that was involved in that January. We're going to be doing the installation. they kneel. Yes sir. One thing that seems to be that I think in the story are described here. We are talking about this so I tried talking about this yesterday nobody wanted to talk about it and I got a lot of chest highsmen and two out and now you're staring about this where this come from? I was on hope for a while before and I had to hang up. What is it that you are in hold for us since yesterday? I could call yesterday I had to work okay. Yeah. Anyhow, Jerry Jones said the guy from the end of the cowboys two years ago he goes people root for the uniforms and that's like the ultimate insult to anybody that's any kind of a fan. That seems to be what he's in the story. We're just going to go out and cheer for the uniform. Well they had thousands of the suckers in in our last night and now it looks like they might get a cello because Mary is coming tomorrow night. So okay it just goes to show me that these people here they stand on no principle whatsoever they'll never know the white non-Hispanic people in South Florida will never make a statement about anything. That's the one thing you can think your life on a bitch and hollow about the cubans and about this one and everybody else but the right non-Hispanic people here in South Florida they don't have enough back-roll to stand up for anything they'll never make a statement they'll like a bunch of lemmings. Like I would do the station stands for nothing. There you go exactly. Hey whatever after Roby Young. Still dead. Still dead. Have a great day. Thank you. Still not phone booth. And his number is. Yeah. Five to eight we were talking about will be a great length of dinner. Sid live in and Craig were doing in myself. Oh that was that was a great meal. In fact Craig is probably still eating the four or five doggy bags full of stuff he took on that night and the catcher. I keep thinking about that. You have never seen a performance like that. I know Craig's fallen the hard times but in your lifetime you have never ever seen a performance quite like that. When you put your utensils into other people's plates. Oh yeah. There was everyone. Yeah. He reads I look I'm yeah I'm kind of looking down in my beautiful little banana cream pie and then it crushed in the shell. But it's not that big either. You know a fancy restaurant always serve small kind of dainty desserts you know very rich but small. I'm sitting there enjoying it tremendously and I see this fork like right in the middle of it and it's not my fork. My fork's in my hand. And I see another fork like all of a sudden including into my space and it's Craig's fork. Let me try it over there. That looks really good. This of course after he had inhaled his own dessert. That's okay Craig I know you fall on tough times but here's a mobile and color way to chill out. I call me. Yes sir. Oh why yeah. Okay. I like to dedicate something to that douche bag. We're ever going to just call. Yeah. Prison bench if you would please. Okay. Now we're the first of all calls on tape. It's a little call. It's chronic. It's it or so. Get with it. We're not doing requests. We're not playing the Bob and Tom and Prison Bridge. Oh no. Let's get with the program. Stop trying to manipulate. Okay. And have a nice day. And stop picking on the orthodox Jews. God damn it. Jews. I'm sorry. Now I'm in it. You know that five sixty QM. Let's pick on Troy. What are you saying? I'm going to pick it on Troy because he's really a bubble head. Skinhead, bubble head, simple. It kind of looks like a bubble. He looks like a bubble. He's a walking bubble. In fact Troy may be the reason for the big drop in the landscape. Anyway, brandys is what hey look at that. It's up to 37 points. They're doing okay. We're doing okay. It's almost it's a afternoon. We're still no okay on a market. Yeah. Your station for all South Florida sports is. In a free집 country. Gay. And I got a few to the floor. I've been in five years I put to that bed. So I'm gonna train something I could not explore. So I'm gonna stay at home, and train that game to the adventure and to the sunset. And to the sunrise, so you're a football fan. So what do they do to the adventure and to the sunset man? Pre-14 at 5.60 C, and Andrews reported rather briefly that Pantheon broadcast your Jeff Remer is being treated for foot and mouth disease after last night's telekase. 5.60, 5.60, 5.60, 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Maybe we'll be able next week at this time to be able to play that big, the new one that's number one with two bullets, the psychic cried. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Hello? Yes sir. Long time work for the first time caller. Okay. Another week doesn't affect everyone, but seems we're spending a lot of money on it with countries. Ah, flushing it right down the toilet. That's because we want that air-o' boil. That's the only reason sir. We want that oil. And votes too. What is it? Is it for votes if they? Yeah. Oil and oil. And have a great day. And thank you for never calling us before. Just don't put up the door and stuck a post in the door. Someone holding a ladder. Somebody holding a ladder is coming in here, huh? Maybe it was Jacob. I don't think he's using anymore. You think it's Jacob's ladder? 5.60, 5.60, 5.60, 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, huh? Somebody with a ladder just open there, looked in here and is like wandering around in the hallway like, What's going on here? What is this place? Chinese laundry prowl? Oh, there's a question mark on this one here. Mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes, sir. Is it new? Speaking. Need just to gain the property a little bit here. Big voice. I want to read voice. Can you get accent, fake voice? Yes, fake taxi driver from Toronto. Hello. Yes. I just wanted to find out what happened to the green party and that President Ralph Now that he said or arrived. I think that happened with the green windy history. Hey, the location or lighting. He's on location, he is in hiding. He's hiding. And should be. I remember during that time. I understand he looked with Julie, where when is the room where I'm here? Well, I remember during the election he was saying that no matter who comes in the office, he's going to hold their feet to the fire. And you know, he's from this guy anymore now. No, because they got hit and they're holding his ass to the fire right now for school not the election. Where he got. He's got a hot record. Have a great day, pal. See, that wasn't the phone boy, for any boy. Yeah. No, it was not. No, it was not. No, it was not. There was a laundry head. It was a real phone. It laundry head. But it was a good one though. So it's a good thing laundry head. So that's not kept changing from Indian to Arabic. Well, maybe he's moving west. Or depending on what kind of Indian maybe he's moving east. Maybe he knows the Navar. Oh, Indians. Now what is that? Do you know the way to San Jose, call from San Jose. I don't believe that. Hello. Yeah, you can believe it. Good morning. I don't believe you are served. I'm Jewish and I love when you thank you on the hit critics and the orthodox Jews. You want to talk to the critics? Yeah. One of the biggest mistakes I ever made was contributing to the Chabad Lubavitch one time of donation of services. Then after that, we get to week the rabbi would come in and tell me how great the knees were for the hot feet. You come in and tell you how great his knees were. Yeah, I told him don't have 11 kids and you need won't be so great. That's true, exactly. The other thing is I wonder if anybody has spent too much time on his knees. Maybe that's how he had all those kids. I don't know, but once they thought of hanging him out, they would make the Roman Catholic proud. Well, that's the model of the Hussitum is when a doubt bang him out. I'll say because they don't give that uterith a rat. No. Has anybody commented on a article that was in the Wall Street? I don't know. I think we're able to get signed for that. What is it? The article that was in the Wall Street Journal last Friday regarding the resale market of premium sports tickets? No. There's a great article in there and a 10 city survey of how many cities, premium tickets, court side, rank side are selling below-safe value or 50% or less of a big cash. And one broker says the resale market is trying to send a message to the leagues and he hopes they're listening. They're starting the set up websites that they can sell under face. They're allowing. I'll tell you how just, but it is down here last night to Miami Heat because there's a panther game in the heat game on the same night as usually is the case of often because the idiots. Last night they opened up the upper board with the use of closed-offers they can't sell. And they offered those tickets to the public for five bucks a pop. How do you like that? It's a pop, right? Yeah. The NBA, it's in the article. The only place in the NBA where they're getting a premium is court side for the Lakers. The cops in Seattle in this article say $80 dollars super sonic tickets are going for ten to twenty bucks on the street. I love it. And there are some teams that are starting to think of a concept where they sell you 30 coupons and you go to the any game you want rather than to buy 40 and have to jump off. They sell you a coupon and you get free great coupon for your expensive wind use, right? You know, but then that's the thing. The best thing that I'm going to give up on is it's all over Sir. It's all over the history. I've got to give up my shark's tickets. I cannot stand the three commercial breaks. Forget about the 110 decibel year-spitting news. Right. To go pay 60 bucks to see the shark's loose, three nothing to Nashville. Yeah, we can never have been chenelating. That was it. You know, I used to enjoy going to an NHL game. No matter what night it was or what I was. I think you got to help me start out with a bad knee. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well, they knew what they were getting you to with Teamu and say, really gave up a good homegrown guy in Jeff. Yeah, and a goalie with a bad shoulder, right? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I missed Jeff freezing because he was wanted a few guys who would finish off it. Yeah. Well, as we don't talk to hockey here, sir, because it's a foreign language in the middle of the year. How they feel about foreign languages here in South Florida, the G. I'm sorry. Let's keep banging on them off. See you there. We're freezing over here. Have a great day, sir. Good afternoon. And the sharks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's you. There's a guy had a call from out of town to rip the huskete. They're all cold Jews here. They're afraid to call on the air. They'll recognize the voice that comes down their house. That's the way they work. You're seeing those house. See them on. We're not on the weekend. I'm Lincoln Road. They're. Stone. Here's a mobile in camera. Hello. Last week through that from great shows. But then you start talking about these hot players. He's been following us. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the 8. We don't talk to old farts. Okay. Go back to New York. Everybody gets off Florida. He's like, praying that something evil happens. Like deep inside your spectrum. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. I knew. Yes sir. When you went through that day, we're quite young. Did you go to the big apple? No, but we did not. Oh, because I know you used to like to go there quite a bit. And the food was great there. And the prices was not bad. I want to know you asked you something. What I already said we went to a crisp. But what do we do to make water restaurants? It's like a free plug for the big apple. I haven't eaten the big apple. Oh, I'm looking for water. So what would we call a radio show and ask me what would we go to the big apple? What are you talking about? So I said, did you go to McDonald's? Did you go to like steak and shake? Did you shake it? Get out of here in idiot. Are you into? And let me ask you, how did you approach to me? Like with a fork and knife? How do you approach the steak? How did you attack the buffet? Yeah. How do you attack the guy named Neil at Ruth Chris? Man. How do you attack the check when they bring it? Generally with a credit card. North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy Delighted. Twenty six. Thank you. They've done my credit in nickel before my local hockey team last night. Yeah. Looked to family to the game. Oh, I'm glad I hope you had a good time. We're not talking about hockey today. Yesterday with the day, I said, here I beg. I've pleaded. I got took a lot of abuse from the people who hate these discussions like poison. And I said today that's the end of that. And like I said, it's the end of that. This town has no business having a hockey team. There are no hockey fans here. There is no interest here. The handful of fans are like from out of town. And we're further teams when the other teams come in here. Like I'll be going to say, they do it for my team or from Toronto. And that's the end of that. There are no soccer fans here. There are no gundar or bullfight fans here. But we don't have any bullfight. We got the bullfight. Part and that's it. We got bullshmets. And Mike Schmidt. We cut the crap. So I think it's like the show now is on 24 hour delay. We've had this happen before. I'll sit here and like to keep my guts out trying to get some response about something that is timely that you know, makes sense on that given day and nothing. Go home with a guy named Mike Green coming the next day and it's like, Now, oh gee, now we want to talk about it. Two eight. Guess what. Time's up. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, they all speaking. Neil. What do you think Wayne is in? If Henry won up to him and say, why don't you at least need the concessions for the games and the parking, so that we don't have to go a stadium or is that you think your thing is going to one more than 300 million dollars to do that. I don't know. I don't know. But that's what they ought to be telling John Henry. Do you see today is that big meeting in Miami to a clock and they're going to give more. Why should he do that when he's, you know, he's going out there. You're going to hand them over a piece of property and build a stadium. Why should he do that? That's the way he looks at it. Sir. 560, 560, palm five sixty on the eight. I think his phone got screwed up. Don't give him a look like that. I think he was still there or not, as a case may be. Maybe he was just speechless. Here's popping. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'm having you. I'm having you. Okay. Good. 560, 560, palm five sixty on the eight. T line. Mobile and Kendall. Hello. Yeah. Here you are. And because I got a bad shell over here. Sounds good to me. Well, I used to live up the Northeast. I used to go to the garden to see the Rangers. Sir, did you hear what I just got through saying? Well, down here. Did you hear what I just got through saying? Sir. Yes, sir. Okay. Goodbye. 560, 560, palm five sixty on the eight. Okay. Otherwise, I'm not going to find anybody cares where you live before. Nobody cares that you went to see the Rangers. Nobody gives a crap about a ancient history. Okay. That's like my sitting here and telling that, yeah. You know, when I went to Northfield, down, and it was Lord's lady coming on the outside with Francis O'Hare, and when he's violent, then half over George Davis, and what about that horse was he at? The seven over the one. Yeah. George Davis. How about Stephen Davis? How about Charles Conrad? How about Bobby Huntress? And Bucky Day, and Doug Boyd, and Alex Winger, and Eddie Cobb, and Kornama. Here's my ending, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. Great. Great, sir. I'll just recommend to show it. Send it to the colors or prophetic or tragic. Still a bunch of quizlings that I love and I enjoy it. Maybe instead of getting out free ticket, maybe you should go. Cute tips of people that can clean their ears out. No, maybe just a lobotomy if they lobotomy. Maybe get a group deal going. I just want to tell you that I'm not one of those lemming that I'm living in. Miami. I do speak my mind, and I think this whole thing with the, then you stay in with the sham for the nightmares. Right. And maybe some weeks ago, I'm solving people in the heads and getting in the realize that, Hey, well, they're having a big meeting today to a clock at the manual art to make Community Center 911 South first street Miami, and that's so well, they're going to give away a big parcel. I'm somewhere in town of John Henry and to make everybody an offer that they don't want. To look like this afternoon, a manual IT McKinsey Center 911 South West first street Miami, anybody who opposes a giveaway to a multi-billionaire for a stupid guy that bar park better be there in screaming you all and say no. It's just insane. It's just insane. It is insane. It's just, it's people like, I think I've got to wear with some believable. I've not in New York, you've never seen someone like that get by. Well, because you got living and proving people, I'm not going to put up with it. Yeah, with the, with the wife warm here, but the bodies are cold. And they will have a nice day. And back to your well put day, whether it's warm and the bodies are cold baby. This is 5.0V, 2AL, wake up. I'm going up to the room for the morning for today. 7 tonight with Jim Mendes, John Pharaoh, and John leader of SWBTO 560 QAF. Come on baby, come play with these titties. You're homey. You heard a snack, wow. Well, now that's crack, wow. When you're cooking with crack, you're at that's right. That crazy cooking level in Bitch, was the tasty flavor of crack. No crack, wow. And then double-hight. And then she'll make you higher than a mobile phone type. And I'll make you lose a lot of weight. And people will know you eating crack, well. When they see that, get the ass money. You know, come on, Mr. Crack, wow. Cook a man, get in my mobile phone. Cook it. I pay for him, he's son of a bitch. You're a pro quo. Now, so hold on sweet corners everywhere. Alright, stay on that day. While they hysterically wanted to be in Mad Dog Man, it's so be here for an ankle tooth. You won't be here. I'll be out of David Buster's through the six. Six o'clock. You got the booster from the signature grand, make a wish foundation banquet. It's good that you wasn't there about a year or two ago. He didn't eat nut the profits. But not anymore. He's the new slim trim and improved orange head to the bookshop. He's still a bit rip an ankle. Especially now, the hanks and the vagus can't hear him. And then he can't be a 10 o'clock. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How's the survey coming? A lot of votes, 387. Probably getting a lot of bogus votes. I don't know. That thing is really climbing up there. There may be some of the AOL people are actually getting sure on that thing. I think that's possible. No. Not that cheap, out for the AOL. But they got a great stock. Here, AOL, pi-mourne. But anyway, 387 votes, which of meals comments piss you off the most? None of his comments piss me off. To order 38. 61.4%. That's pretty good. No, it's pretty bad, like I said. Hey, if 61.5% of the people are never pissed off by anything. I say, I better start doing some of the crap. You know? Yeah, who have you left out so right? What the hell am I missing a lot of stuff out there? Like you white assholes? You freaking head of a sexualist? You atheist, bastard? He then picks. Anyway, his comments about Orthodox Jews. 62. That's certainly leading those categories of the people who do get pissed off and phone them about. Not to mention, of course, fired up. Yes, that's me. fired up when I hear someone say that. Right. His comments about Blacks' 27. His comments about religion 19. That's because most of our people are heathens out there. They got enough brains. Not to be involved in all those cults. How come there's that the so-called traditional religion in this country? Art cult cults. They're okay. They're respectable. And somebody comes along with some bogus bull crap like they got with a healer and cut You nuts off. And that was a cult. Why is that? Membership size. Or like Elram Hubbub. Or their size queen's is at it. His comments about religion 19. Say that pisses me off the most. His comments about guns. 18. Say, guys, dang it. How many of our Cubans and comments about politics tied? Bring it up to the rear with 11 of the peace. See, we got some people out there. We got some of your people. So the straight heterosexuals you were talking about? No Cubans. Oh, no. Definitely not. Here's Daniel. Stock analysts are assholes. Right. Okay. I heard over her one thing. Hey, you know what? This is a little bit of a financial crisis here. You know what you should do? You should just forget about this day and this after 400 points dropped. Okay. You know, you should forget about this whole day and even till And yesterday and just go to the toy store. Yeah. And when you go to the toy store, just buy a couple of toys. Go home. Play with a kid. Like nothing happened. If they were smart, they would have said you should buy him from E-toy. If they're still on business because they're stock is like nine sensors on No, no. Forget that because probably E-toy is going out of business. And they know they don't want to give any more bad advice. That's right. Yeah. You're an idiot. Yeah. We know we are. All of us who've gotten sucked in at this. We ought to go to our shopping at suckers out of us. Who's going to go home and play with their kids after you lost a hundred thousand Dollars in the market? Right. Okay. Oh, yeah. I could lose it. No problem. Right. Yeah. Good luck to you. Good luck to watch pal. Yep. Okay. Where's my guy named Pantera to think? Yeah. I like this thing. Oh, it makes a lot of noise. Not as much noise as that phone that was screwed up yesterday. I like that. I wonder how that sounded on the air. But that was loud. Yeah. It was great. You can even popping that piece of an hour and I'll say fixed it today. And then it's gone out of George Corso. So, his person here for the first time in months. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line. Many open lines. There I just mentioned that because in a lot of you have been trying desperately Friendly to get in to those hockey tickets. Here's a mobile and Western. Hello. Mobile and Western. We're the bad phone. I can hear a twist in it. Hello. And you can get it. Okay. Probably lighten one up. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Hey. Need all the door. Okay. Uh. Hold on. I'm twisting it. Are we hanging out? You know it's lower than God damn society. And what is that? So, what is wrong with God damn society today? Everybody puts a school shooting on the front page for a one or two days. And the next day I opened the paper on the word about giving this ass our 180 dollar million dollar per stadium. Start building schools. Really God damn school size. Save the teachers some more money. Give the kids more personalized attention. Help them with their homework. They shouldn't have had much of it in the right. I got a three year old kid. I stay up and I just want to get him. Okay. Excellent job, sir. Right on. FNA. And he says he don't give a Schmidt a favor play a sport game. He means right. I talked to more and more people are coming to something. They're just they don't care about him. Or it's ridiculous. Too much damn money. Too many demands. Too crappy products. You know enough. I don't have that for the station. But we can always play Hungarian with Zerke's anything. We don't care. I mean, I'm be bad for Gregg's ego. You know, Mr. Like yesterday. Yesterday morning he's in there with a sports nerds in there. And the worst thing. Yeah. Doing his little hoes job. It is a $50 books for other soon on. Then come by and see us. Didn't go. Well, once every two months he gets to know that we want to see him of course. But he builds up the courage to come by here. Like what I'm actually in the studio. Most days he was so about to tell my car is safely up the Hershey highway there. And I'm on the way home. And about three minutes later comes in here. And then doing a little small talk with his good buddy George. Just to make sure that George don't forget the most important thing about this place. Break H. You're right. He said he didn't forget Gregg. He don't forget. Here's a mobile highly. Hello. Hey, Neil. How's it going? First time college. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I was with the remember a radial personality in the 560, 560, Pont 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. That was really good. What do you say? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Let it church. Hey, fuck. And I see there was like a little thing in the middle there. Thank goodness. And maybe he put his own little droodle in that. It was good. 560, 50560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I think you got it back with, sir. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. My buddy. I'm your buddy. I'm a friend. You're all community. Okay. But Muxie's dead and it sounds like so are you, sir. Get out of here. I told you, no six. I'm in the world. People I hear today, George. I'll send your begging for calls before I want to talk to these old parts. That's the guy with his Muxie's Solomon. And by the way, pay me the 50 bucks. This is 560, 2AM. Let's take a look at it. Because I'm not far enough. It's just what it is. What's for you? 560. You pay. Yeah. Break it, you. But, but. But. It's a good one. It's a good one. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. And. Because. But. And. So. And. And. And. And. But. Is. Oh. And. But. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. right. Thank you. Yeah, we heard you the first time. 1243 at 5.60 WDQAM. Here's the lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Yes, hi, how are you doing? Okay. I was calling. I just turned on the show about 15 minutes ago, and I didn't hear anybody talking about it. But I was wondering, you had anyone who started analyzing or thinking about the fact that all these young white boys are the only ones shooting up people in school and why is that? Well, they got to like even that with all the crimes from those black guys. You don't like to want to beat up the away twist yesterday and for a lot of time. Right, but I was just talking about the mass shooting of the school that only young white boys are doing that and why is that? I like how I said it. I'm talking about the crimes that the statistics would be young black guys. Right, I'm just talking about the mass shooting in school. That one in particular, I don't think there's not a thing that's happened. I just wanted to get that with other people. I mean, it's just out there that the only ones doing that in the whole fight. Maybe you can get that right. Maybe we can get some of the black boys and guns. Maybe they'll start doing it. Well, I mean, I'm sure they have done that. The point is why it's only them doing it. If anyone asking why is it that only these young white boys. So what do you think? That's the 18th time you already said about the young white boys that are doing it. Right, I'm saying it's not like anybody in white. I'm saying seriously though. Is anyone really analyzing that because it's, you know, it's getting out of the thing. Yeah. You know, I apologize. I apologize. I had to be analyzed while the shfarts are holding up to 7.11 stores. We're going to, as soon as we get done, what that's, that we will start analyzing. That one. Say it again. Can she say it again? No. Everything is racial. Everything is racial. It's young white boys. White boys. White boys. White boys. I was like them white boys. 5.6705. 60 pound. 50 on the 18th. Legal age of course. 5.6. The only 18th. Whereas. Wireless line. Here's a mobile informed letter. Hello. Hey, man. How are you? Okay, sir. On all the parents, so listen up. I'm a very young, uh, husband, a not a, uh, I don't have any kids yet. But I will tell you what the problem is with all the kids in the age of kids. But all the kids in today's society, not just some of them, not just some of them, all the kids. Not just white, but black, and Hispanics, and every. The problem today is two words that kids know all the rights and it doesn't mean anything. Wait a minute. The problem is two words that kids know all the rights. Okay. We're. Why do we stop the ability to be warming up. Break it down. Yeah. They kids. They kids know everything that they're allowed to do. And what they're allowed to get away with. They're parents, don't teach them that. And therefore me and my wife are following them. We're going to have kids to go away and these people have followed up these kids. I'll tell you. I'll tell you about that. The system is following them up. I'll tell you. Are you on your wrestling choice? Yeah. And in closing, this first thing. Okay. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. The only 18. And for what we already, uh, you know, heard of the first time. Here's a mobile and Jupiter. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Uh, got to hate to go on on the same subject. But I used to run a children's bounce house company. I told him. I told him. I told him a thousand to kids. My children's one. I used to rent bounce houses. Those things kids jump around in. They're air inflated. Yeah. And they're the first thing out of every kid's mouth, which maybe they attitude today or things in general is, you know, you can't touch me. While they're, you know, punching another kid in the face or jumping up. Another kid. And the parents, you know, they just stand back and observe it. And you know, hope that, you know, you know, I think they totally, but it comes back to us. They will, the parents are bad parents today. Whether it's a generation, the baby boomers. This one, that one generation. X, Y, Z, AA, whatever it is. Bad parents. Bad parenting. That's what the biggest problem is. Well, they're because the kids are awesome. And you know what? Because we have bad parenting. That's, that's the greatest case for my program of forced sterilization. I thought that was a great idea yesterday. I always think about like dropping little uranium pellets in neighborhoods. Back to them. Yeah. Next one idea. All right. Now have a good one. Thanks for the idea. That's a good idea. They're going to stuff in my junior year. Right. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line. I'll tell you one thing. Opinions are like stinkers. Everybody's got one. 421 votes on our survey. Which of Niels comments piss you off of those? Oh, yeah. This one should have been on there. Great. That's it. But on there too. None of his comments piss me off. 260, 6, 62%. Because those 62% know what it's already a show. And also have good taste and are like real people. 38% are looking for something to get pissed off about. His comments about Orthodox Jews. 65, 15.2%. Almost pissed off on my comments about the Orthodox Jews. The Hossidum. The scum of the earth. His comments about Blacks 30. About religion 22. About guns. 18. About politics 50. And about Cuban Zoni. 11. They're so good. Yeah. Because the Cubans are listening. They got a good sense of humor. And they're busy squeezing it anyway. Each other. And the other people they love the comments about Cuban because they hate them like poison. So what's not to like? See, we reach the happy medium. And we're going to be giving out the happy mediums. No more than the next panther. Tell us about those psychic readings. Face stuck. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, do you see about that revolving door to jail for lying out. Take your mood. You're all over the place. Quickly and all that. Good stuff. And I'm thinking as solution to this is maybe that is mother. Sherby, Seth, and she made the decision. Well, if his mother could speak a sense of it again. They would love this woman in jail. He said the Lord, the Lord, the Lord. I'll take her. Okay. Great. We'll see if we can't hook you up with her. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And then as attorney says, he's not too crazy about dealing with Governor Jed because Jeff first of all wants to have the kid do admit you know, a gulf. And this hot shot attorney, this is on. I don't want to do that. That's not a good idea. So no matter what chance that that kids, the other I don't understand what everybody is screaming about. No matter what chance he gets between the mother and the lawyer, it's like they got him nailed the wall. Yeah, I'm nailed it across. Not even Easter yet. Here's a Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. What you say about when I think how you criticize him. You're not coming. You're not coming. You're not coming. You're not coming. You know something on the tell center. Something about we took a poll yesterday. And everybody knew he said that Wayne has taken was an asshole and they agreed to the same. That's what they said. And it said, so are you. You're the same guy that called the other day. So I can say it. Okay. I hope they do him fix the apartment date with him. Okay. Give him suck his bits. Get out of here. Crush the old fart. What did I tell you? We like those old people. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And we'll fix him up on the date with Wayne's type Pinga. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing Neil? Very well. Good. I'm calling because I hear a lot of the comments and I read the paper about these kids that's up maybe in a former teacher and you know the teachers today are going through a lot of stress in the classroom. And because the parents. Well, you know, yes and no, you see a you get 30 kids in a classroom and you deal with 30 different types of. How did they add to this? And you can see those kids bring those attitudes from the parent. Right. That's what I just said. And what happens is these, you know, we, you know, we as teachers, meeting a formal teacher, you know, you was going to say something and, you know, the government and the politics that take this pretty picture, but if they wanted to fix what was going on with with the teachers and what was going on with all the problems we're having, they would really do something every year, every four years we hear a president say, I want to do this. I want to do this. I'm going to do this for education. They don't always stop. Wow. Nobody cares about it. And they've been this country. They've been. The politicians have a Western interest in keeping the populists uneducated as ignorant and preoccupied with crap as they possibly can. Exactly. And then, you know, their thing is, well, let's change the system and give these vouchers out unless, you know, what does a system in place make it work? You know, let's not waste all this money on lobbying for all this stuff when, when let's put the, you know, the power into the team. No, they're American government and the American people education is not important here. They're important and, you know, special interest in the rich fat cats. Those are the important things by education because, because those, those rich fat cats are their kids to private schools and they pay for the education. They're not getting it for free. Where a public school, you have to educate everyone. Yeah. You know, here you got these EHKs, emotionally handicapped kids that are throwing things at teachers that are, that are doing things and you're saying, okay, we know they have a problem. But, you know, you have to back to teacher, a teacher puts his hands on the kids. Yeah. He's not, not gonna happen, my friend. It's not gonna happen. Society changed 180 degrees, 600 degrees, 2000 degrees, whatever. And it's not gonna happen. Yeah. And, you know, you see all these kids on television and with guns and, you know, this, this girl calling of these white boys and this, you know, it's everybody. There's a problem in society that, you know, and sometimes you say it's the parents for the, let me tell you, Neil, being a formal teacher, there's a lot of good parents that are struggling to make a living. They're struggling working to job to make a living. Well, you see, before they start making all these babies, they should start thinking about those things. Of course, they're making a living. I agree with you, 100% of the time. Just like the Chinese, one kid per family, that's enough. If I agree with you, I'm not, I'm not disagreeing with you at all, but, you know, they are working hard and, and, and I think I think starting today, any family out there that has more than one child, we started shooting body limbs off, okay? First of all, I like that one that I'm not seriously, and then finally, the reputation. I mean, if they just won't stop. Yeah. I mean, I, you know, I doubt you, the doubt. I think you, as, you know, we plan as, you know, even they should maybe offer something in college, you know, you plan, you know, you know, I want to be this one, you grow up. I want to be this one, you grow up. Maybe they should teach a class in the university or in high school about parents who are doing this. Yeah, there you go. You know, I'm a bit that we teach kids anything that might be useful in life. You know, like how to write a check or balance a check book. Okay, I will grade that. Good luck to you. Bye-bye. If it's free, it's me. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Davy, hello. Hello. How are you? I'm doing grade. Hey, I just wanted to tell you, Neil, I just started listening to your show a couple months ago. And I heard one of your commercials in my wife and I were out driving around a couple weeks ago. And we stopped over and met your buddy and ate a pizza loft. It was great. Yes, sir. And I was quite a guy. He's one of the, after they made him, they threw them all the way. Yeah, when I first went in, he came over and asked to tell many and smoking or non smoking. I thought he would just come back at work there and the wait for the soda that was the owner. And then you saw those fingernails and you said, oh my god, we better get out of here. No, it was the best pizza I ever had. We're going to get back. But also are you there? I'm here. The people calling in about the kids these days. I don't know how old you are. I just turned 47. 50 in. What happened when I was growing up? When I was growing up, Neil, we got our ATC for talking back to our parents. And now days that you do that, they put parents in jail. That's right. So I think that we'd go back to the old ways. You're going to go to this apartment. This apartment, and respect, you've got to just like you reached with that respect. That's what we need. Yep. Have a good one. Have a good one. What's your guilty? Puffies, building. All right, let's hear it. Come. Several of the jurors have already said in, you know, you get a jury list and they tell you, they give you descriptions of who the jurors are. And sometimes he's quotations that the jurors deliver in front of the lawyers and the proceedings actually started. And many of the jurors actually said that they thought that Johnny Coffing was an excellent lawyer. So it's very clear that he's being used on some level, maybe as a public relations in a public relations way, then grappling is incredibly articulate. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for articles. Did you get that here at this courant House? I'm sorry, didn't hear it very well, then. Yes. Yes. Wow. Well, they have an old communication problem. Don't ask. You do it. How come it's all these white kids shit? Everybody up? This is five sixty QAF, 430-560 WDQAM Miami Port Lotte Dale. A Beasler, log caster group station. WQAM.com. Another norm! Up the gangster rapper straight out of the hood. Bang and Jay low daily. You know that life was good. Back and heat in the mows. We're being known there, rap. Okay. Everyone was living large till someone buzzed the caps. Oh, homie lay there bleeding. Took one in the stream. Muffie told the driver, that you're done. They don't seem to help. You made the headlines. The front page of the post. Two pack and biggie would be there. If they were not ghosts, we're gonna burn has left you. Her big ass is gone away. Now yours is looking finer. Do the inmates every day. Up the gangster rapper had life by the balls. Now he's looking at 20 years. Staring at the walls, everybody. Up the gangster rapper had life by the balls. Now he's looking at 20 years. Staring at the wall. I thought you would want to hit him. Yeah, I actually believed somebody. That'll teach me. There's no verdict. Yes? Or I can't find any like real confirmation. Or you probably watching CNN. I don't know that's NBC. The MS? What are you looking at half an hour head to maybe it's old newsbind? Well, whatever it is, it is. Do you know the USL? All the offered was like 50 grand for the driver to say the little driver to say was his gun. I mean, that's not too much. If I said, look at this. A lot of open lines. Now what's going on here? It's a big one to our highly weighted highly touted from coast to coast. To little post. This is the big stuff here. I'm sitting here looking at myself. I'm a model in Waterdale Lake, Selo. Hello, I'm Lida. Okay, sir. Everything. Did you see Vince McMahon nearly kill Bob Poster's wife? No. It was in his hilarious. What do you mean nearly killed him? I. Bob Poster was asking in pathetic questions. Yeah. It took a while. But in the end, Vince McMahon was literally in his face. Literally. He's hilarious. Vince McMahon, he's an asshole. He's an asshole. He's every other. Yeah, and secondly, and I'm all for getting the vinegar's bottle off. Yeah. I'm thirdly about you stopped. Always remember it could have been a lot worse. Okay, great. We're going to send the bridge back to where they came from. I think it's a much better idea. Oh. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. See we have no patience for the silly birds because they give me the schmits. And stay out of Amsterdam too while you're at it. All you silly birds. Go somewhere else in act like a bunch of simple ones. Overgrown children. In fact, you're not over this place. Come to Greg Sandbox. You've got to write in. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Yes, sir. Hello. Amy, I just wanted to mention something something to do about the gun. Yeah. Recently went to Schlagdaff, Arizona. Uh-huh. There for a bowie and a little too late. Went to a store out there and the name of the store. Guns and liquor. One side. You got all your guns. Your shotguns. All you need. The other side. You got all your liquor. I'm going to get a stabbing. Sure. A stabbing. I'm going to get a stabbing. Okay. Thanks to the good news. Be a fruit and son. Look at your own risk. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And for when's the wireless line? Sitting back, waiting for a little build up here. And found the box with his name on it. I haven't even talked about puffing. I think he jumped the gun. If I can say that. Well, I mean, maybe the problem is a little communication problem. Because that guy was like, couldn't hear what they were saying. And whatever. You want to get that out of there. I think it's what it was. Mobile in Miami. Hello. And how are you doing? Okay. That's what they're going to say real quick. First the Panthers. Watch that game outside. How many games have we lost this year in the last? Number two. Nobody cares. Number two. Okay. Number two. The schools. My kids are spending from school for fighting. Some kids. It's some five times before we retaliate. And they'll be fed to me. They supposed to go after teacher. Please stop the kid from hitting them. That's nice. Is that nice? So I always thought, may keep the answer yourself. But if somebody, the kid is down the ground. Kick it in the hit. And he starts to get up to retaliate. And their school board policy is automatic. They're caught up by the school. That's all. Another kind of. Number three. I have a radio. Actually I'm listening to the news yet a day on stupid talk. What are the reporters giving birth in their car for the fifth kid? Yeah. I saw that on the news last night. Some very dark and plated lady radio news a bit. Last time I checked they paid the reporters. Clap. So there's, I mean, nothing against her or nothing but five kids. Yeah. Enough enough. Like I said, let's throw a spingarism toast baby. Let's never move in those limbs right now. Thanks for the bad news. You only got to remove one body part. Yeah. That's right. For sterilization baby like I told you. Like I'd be saying. All you minorities are there. That's why I have to laugh about these articles a couple days ago. Hispanics got numbering, uh, uh, blacks. And I'll see the Hispanics. They got a scapegoat anyway. They called the Pope. They're brainwashed in the making all these damn babies. And of course, then we got all these in like the article said. Zillions of them come across the board of illegal aliens at one of the making all these babies. All these wild hysterical illegal aliens like alien Tito. Here comes lunch from Atlantic City 7. The good news is Scott didn't come into that. Oh, thank God. Thank the Lord. How low we love you. Sir, God bless you. We don't even know who to hell you are, but you're not Scott. That's good news. Don't forget Atlantic City subs and Hollywood where I don't make it different. Thank you, sir. God bless America. And you like that. And where the hell did he do? He just get off the banana boat that guy was history. What? What was he like? Do you make anything or something? Not really. Just ordinary Schwarzer. He didn't look ordinary. He seemed like an out of the ordinary. You look a little strange. I just screwed in there. He got off the ship. Maybe we made a swap deal. Maybe we sent them Scott or keep in his sky. Sounds like I went into the boat. How we said that Scott's out of this world ought to be. Stay with Scott. We can't guarantee. 5605060, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless law. Oh, see they laugh. I thought I'd be all ears nearly five. Oh, and you don't want to forget the other day. I forgot to stop by a pizza law when we were doing those cable commercials. Remember you said after mommy's lunch on Tuesday and it's already Thursday. Do you really believe I forgot? No. Why didn't go home that way? I could have gone home that way right up University. Piece of cake. I made sure I went sterling all the way out to Flamingo. But you know, you get on Flamingo and it's like wide open six lanes. You go like 80 miles an hour on there. Like a bad other hell. Why should I fight all those crazy people on the University? And then it gets all backed up as you get toward 595. You know, I want to say this right now. Don't take it personally unless you want to. In fact, if you do take it personally, then we know it applies to you. I'll be very generous. I'll say 50% of you people out there have no business being in a car. Even as a passenger, much less driving. 50% of you out there. Listen to me right now. Have no business being behind the wheel of a car. That's very generous. And like I said, and that's being generous because I'm in a good mood today. And lunch just got here. Here's a leading for a lot of mail. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. What's up? What's happening? I'm calling you all the way from Brooklyn. Yeah. Hey, my friend lives in off the road. Yeah. What's going on there? What can we do for you, ma'am? I said, what's going on? How's the weather? 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T. And for my son's and my son's said a lady on her. And it would be a very disturbing course. I got it all the way to before the break. I hate the Irish. Very common down with that. I don't know. I'm a punk thing. I'm a rickday for any of you. I'm a cross the USA. What do you call her? What's in this light here? The sky and valley who has a bunch of squares. Again, the fear who says that Irish tool. Oh God, it's of the Irish. And let's put cards today. If you are, you want to be marching upon the thing that you say. You can be a bunch of stuff and shawking that's okay. But you can't be a usual thing. Not water, hey, Barney. Both eminence is great. I've been living this pronouncement upon the blessed day. Surely little bit half-covering fall. And nothing will be. What's your going straight ahead of a home of sexuality? Oh God, it's not clear. What's your name? That's with the notes and sounds of a text again. The day you can be a con, a monkey, a down, God loves the anyway. But you can't be a sheep today. Oh, L-E-S-E-A-A. And a self-less being. Choose another women part of it with. From development we never get a date with. El-E-S-P-I-A. And we say that the shame that the things Once a car mountain march with a lesbian. No way, the chest partner will be fired. Be sure to suggest this. The pile of specialties, the babies and degrees. We've oncallowed if you depart in the wedding of the green. And when we say up to E-R-E-S-Boy, we're going to be a woman. Oh God, I love the A-Hish. The blind is never meant. It's a absolute of a car. You've never been sure of them. You can be seen in Johnson, Ireland, Johnson, and LaBadalaway. But you can't be A-Hish if you're A-Hish. No. No, you can't be A-Hish if you're A-Hish if you're A. No. Come on, T-E-E-A-Hish if you're A-Hish if you're A-Hish. What's the date? Five, six, three, double two, A-H-A. Lots of open lines here. What's that one on five? What is that? Do it say something like that. Oh, I don't know. Here's a mobile-in-b-tint, B-ch-lo. B-in-B-ch. Hey! Hey! Yeah, okay. Like I said, Tom Blacks, I'm kind of a retard on here. You could tell. You could hear that little retard. I just saw him down there. Five, six, seven, five, six. You'd do out of material. The audience is officially out of material. Marked down the I-D-March March 15, I had 2000-Maloo. Out of material. Oh, oh, M. I really feel for me. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how's it going, Neil? Great. Who is it? I want to tell you something. I haven't seen it. I got pulled over, yes, they got to take it. Off the game we did take that I was speeding. And then he took my smoke. But then he charged me for that. And I was asking if you can hopefully play a smokey joint. He actually took it. I'm supposed to believe in this story. He took away your room. I believe it. And what he did was he started smoking it? I was. I was playing. I was like, here we go. He's like, you know, you better score. He's screaming at me and he just didn't say it. And I was like, wow. Huh. Shocked. Shocked. Shocked. Okay. Do we believe that? No. No. It was just his way to give me a play. That's okay. It's also good time. Three minutes is 34 seconds to better track. And what about the Long one? There's nothing like a long. It's the only better to long one. It's a battle. And it's like, it's long and fast. Well, it's a jackpot. Long and fast. It's not too dark. No. It's no dark. It's a race. Do you know it? Daily morning. And George does. I saw the two do it. I'm almost set up. I saw two do it. Eighteen and two. Oh. It's a TV. I'll head. I saw two do it. I've got three. Can two. It's not a move. I saw two do it. People have come to do it. They're gonna do it. I said I'd lost you off. Oh. Oh. My good day. I want to meet you. You see our rookie man. For mama, she want to meet you. You live as you can. But then one day, I'm the team at. It's me, it's a wreck of. Hard work, dude. And hard work. But take care of her. Like do you? Come and see me Come! Come! Come! You pull! Being taking way out ofiliyor Oh! It's not a misguel I'm a seaward, so I think the sea is too sweet just in case. You're a seaward, and I'm a damat, and she's a beauty. I'll hold you, and then I'll hold back, so she can hear that. Why? I'll hold you, and you're a beauty, honey. I'll hold you, and you're a beauty. I'll hold you, and you're a beauty. You're a beauty, honey. I'm a beauty, honey. I love to do it, and I'm a beauty. I love to do it, and you're a damat, I love to do it, and you're a beauty. And there's a smoke, we want to do it. Just what I do. Come and fuck your choice with me, honey. Oh, I'm so good, don't forget me, he has to do it. Oh yeah, I know, he's a judge. He was in father's room, he's drunk, the more father's fear, the more more. Oh, I wonder why I want to say that. Oh, I see you, girl. Oh, and don't forget to put our unscrewrd here. Once twenty-five...guys it, we'll Tuesday. We turn on the corner, something good. What? Can't you smell us? Maybe it's a garlic in the cold cups here. From our good friends of Atlantic City, Southern Hollywood, where I wrote, makes the difference. And that illegal alien they sent over the food. Good guy. He can stay. Scott's leaving. So the good news is, Joe Costello's in here. Now why is that good news? Because it reminds me that we're going to do that thing in summer. Leave him on. That was a good, that was a great line. And that worked. Remember? Wasn't he a great actor? William Holden. He's still holding the bottle at his. That's why he's dead. He's holding it. But anyway, so I suggested last week that the summer since Greg is all been out of shape in the sarcotica. You know, I mean, they invented this deal. Give me that summer off. Greg, hate you. And of course, because he's got a personal bug up his ass about George, because George is a militant, hard ass little spick. Refuses to be part of their click. See out at rhymes? See, I can't even fake it if I want it to. And of course, Joe, who also is part of our click and is not even a spick, but nevertheless, because just by guilt by association, you know, just hangs around with us and associated with this program. So that makes him persona non-grater. So just as a double lamby to get even with Greg being a total asshole and butt plug and no nothing. We're going to have Joe and the George doing a show like almost every day all summer. But a couple of tapes here and there. Now, let me ask you something. And of course, one like I said, one day, Joe will sit in here and one day, George will be in here. And like that will be back and forth. Like in this wing club. Like a ball's on a approach. So speaking to that, now, what about those tapes that you found? Remember they were doing a house cleaning and a check-as, Bob Vermuth. Discovered all those tapes, those ORIOD tapes. Joe's going to give more listeners to anything. I think there's probably some good stuff on there. Because that stuff is like late 80s or early 90s. And it's so old that they won't realize it's old stuff. Right. So we're talking about counting chads. Most people, you know, still remember that. By the way, speaking of best of tapes, be very first series that I started producing when I started just putting the good stuff in there. Those are all on debts, like a whole bunch of hours worth from 1991, I think. Best of all, edited numbers. But you know, the problem is, yeah, we know. Yeah, they're all, no, they're all mentioned. They're all loaded up with WIOD. WIOD. Oh, I hate that. Yeah, I keep saying that while he edited it. Yeah. Well, maybe just put a couple of bleeps in there. Would be cool. You won't have to add out the whole thing. Huh? Or that? Or that would be good. A couple of grabs. It would be like, reps here, reps there. A little reps here, beware. So what's the idea to think about that idea? I think it's a magnificent idea. How do you two? Have George in here. I mean, you both be on the or any way, but one day, Joe will kind of be like in control and just during the ship and one other day, you'll be in control. So what's means we'll only be talking about eating as maybe one day a week. In Louvre takes, cause you're going to be in the end. And you're going to have an attempt to be out alternate days. We'll get Dwight Monterdale to come in. Oh, cause anybody can talk about eating as on a radio, but have Dwight and you're actually doing it. That would be great. Yeah. We'll have, we'll call up, Sandy. Have we bring in Anne's body once a week? And Dwight Lodderdale from Channel 10 will come in here and, you know, get his licks on Route 66. I think we got a wedding format put together. I think it's going to be simulating. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, New Hawaii. Great. Good. I knew a kitchen is subject, you know, about the kids going nuts with the teachers in the school. You know, I'm a, I'm a Julio. See? Been living this town on my life. I'm a little bit tired of the, you know, the mere, you know, fear of, you know, of coming home after doing something disruptor, whatever. It was greater than than having to, you know, the face of the opera. Absolutely. You know, I mean, I mean, coming home with an F on your report card was, you know, met your debt to who, you know, much less put a gun on somebody or her stick somebody up or, or whatnot. Right. And it's just amazing, you know, being in, you know, it is the parents fault, you know, parents do need to be involved. And then you need to take responsibility for the extra their kids. You know, a lot of the times this is what they see at home, you know, they, you know, they see all this nonsense at home. So it's okay. Then it's not a big deal. And that's pretty much, uh, how I feel about that. Well, I can't imagine being a teacher. I mean, all these idiots are calling about the teachers are overpaid and they're crappy. And they're, well, what kind of a person would really want to be a teacher? I mean, in this kind of an environment where 95% of the parents, a matter of what they're kids do, they'll take the kids side and the teachers, you know, are bunch of scumbuckets and all of this other crap. Who now wants to, you know, for a crappy paying job like that, who needs it? Yeah, I agree. I agree. It's hard. And it's not enough having to put up with the grief from one, uh, irresponsible couples of kids. But that to take 30 in a class at the same time. Hmm. And passing the old, can I call somebody to spend? Yes, sir. But daddy, you are a jail-o-old used to spend. Okay. Thanks, too. See now, we're nearly, I don't do that, but I mean, he was going to have a good one because he was a good guy. One of my people. 560560, pon 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. He was one of my people. He was, uh, yeah, something. It's because he said he was a Julio. That's my people. So anyway, W-I-O-D, oh, I hate that stage. We got you, sports right here. Yes! Sports radio, 560, you A-M. This is the new Roger, so. This is your brain. Any question? Yes, that was good. You don't know TV, that's it, glad? That's what we're doing. Really? Yeah, that's it. Have you found it? Come around. I have a rich, free use. Yeah, I found it. I have a free. Oh, good. I have a good, good, good. I have a good, good, good, good. You play? I swear, you can't bear that, I swear. Please play. Let's catch up. No, you tell us what's right there. Stay, I'm at deep. Oh, I don't know you can go. Let's go, let's go, let's go. Let's go, let's go. Let's go, let's go. Let's go, let's go. Let's go, let's go. Oh, what? Don't you have a couple of minutes? I don't know, but you can. I do. Why all of you don't study into a child? Just like what I'm shouting, wh京 I'm a cook. I just think that you're money. colonial ... What's up with you guys jerking? Hey, see if we have a origin!ulates are a spatula and commoners has evolved to a lady who is hungry. The empty field follow your just to give you the right to the booths. And let's see. He'll cry. There he goes. Let's go. Let's go. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Stay in this week. How are you? Just go on for a quick break. Yeah. Just go. Let's see. Come on. Play. W-I-L-Z. Stab it to the usual. All right. Okay. There he goes. Living in the past again. But that was we had a lot of good stuff last couple of weeks. That's 25th anniversary. Now these oldies and these tapes that stand broadened. Give me those other tapes. Stand. Slide them on to the door. Find 670560. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. That's you. Hi. How you doing? Great. Great. Just want to say congratulations on your 25 years of service. Thank you. And I just want to let you know something the other day. Which I didn't have a phone number. I couldn't call back then. But it also right into your topic. I picked up my daughter at the middle school. And this guy behind me also picked up his kid. And this old man. And then he tries to raise me out the driveway going across the sidewalk. And as he went in front of me, he just hits my whole bumper. Nice. And great. Not soft his room. You mirror. I mean, I'm inside the mirror. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. And so I get out. And he barks of me a little bit. And I ask him about three times for his insurance card. And he just went back in the car and left. So you just took off. You get his license number. Yes, I did. I said, right behind his car. And grab myself on and I call the cops. Great. And so he's just teaching his kids. And this is why this is happening exactly like what everyone's been saying. It all stems from the parents. Well, I'm going to work. And I was going to start rounding me. It's going to get tough. Yeah, we're going to have a big round up this week. Now you'll see. We're going to round the window. Oh, and I thought you'd get a kick out of this. My dad's Italian. And he came over back in the 60s. He's retired now as a civil engineer. And he designed a lot of bridges and roads. And he was raised back in early. You know, with the nons and the Catholic church. Right. And he told me he says, you know, what's the reason I've never seen a Bible until I came to a mirror? Exactly. Very well said. Right up. I do as well. Thanks, we'd like. Bye, thanks. That's what I've been all in. Sure, it's money. One place. How do you like that? Never saw Bible till it came here. And you go all over the world. I don't know. The world, at least all over Europe. 92% of Italy. Do they? The people in Italy. They go to church. No. They give the Pope the buff on grew up. Do you? Okay. Take off the silly dress. And you go to the Vatican, which I don't. But I mean, if you do, you'll see all those tourists out there. All tourists, all those crowds tourists. 99% and of the 99% about 90% Americans. This is one of the very few countries left in the face of the earth where we have this religious insanity. You've got to almost any country in Western Europe. And you say, you believe in God. And they'll say, oh, I'm about hell and love. And they'll say, come on. Let's go have a beer and they'll get laid. You know, something like that. Let's go smoke a number. Anything. Let's go have a good time. And here, because it's such big business. See, here we're in a first with business. Over there, even though the Vatican is right there in Rome, that's only the seat of the business. The people right around there, they're on to them. But they conduct all of their worldwide business out of there. So worldwide headquarters. But, you know, those people, see, that should have been another category. I put on, what do I say that pisses you off the most when I knock the US? See, that probably pisses a lot of people off to. Oh, you know, like Amsterdam. That's a crappy place. They're all on the heroin. Yeah, right. It's very backward. Yeah, it is. It's good to be backward. Could have walked a lot. I mean, would you rather walk a lot or get shot a lot? Or see boobs a lot? And of course, you see boobs a lot over there too, right in the windows. I was down happy other day. I told you that he can like thinking about going because you're going to send him to Wilburton and we're a last got. I guess he has pants and a moisture, not sent in a lot of this place. In June. And he said, well, what do you believe when you're going to be over there? And I told him. And he said, maybe we'll get together. But there are, so while I'll show you the areas, there's a place in the red light district. I swear to you. I told you this before. Never. I never saw these. Unless they're in the maybe like brought in new shipment. Right now, where your five friend lives by the way. The one that can't get laid. But anyway, I'm sure we'll take advantage. And you've never, I just am speechless. The most beautiful, young, shapely attractive. The luxury was blonde, not all blonde, but most of them work. You have ever seen. If I were of that persuasion, I don't think I would ever come back. Seriously, are you just have to see it to believe it? But I'll show you a good friend. I'll show you a good friend. I'll show you a good friend. So, you know, buy you crystal, plain ticket. Put you up in the apartment. And then you can check it out for yourself. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. You're a riot today. I am. You are a crack in your mouth. I'm full of it today. I'm full of it today. I want to remind you to say that it costs you 1700 wrong trip. I'd imagine you're flying first class. I'm Martin here to let us correct. What is it for the normal suffered of flyovers? I don't know. I think it's like 6,700 in coach. And did you say 400 to a bro, kiddly one time? Yeah. Well, they have specials. You know, I'm not really, maybe it is less than those. I don't know. I'm just guessing what I've had. No, Martin here is a good airline. And then I'm black lady earlier that was saying about the white boys. Yeah, the white boys. I think the white boys are 85 times. What is it? Now, all of the white boys. I think she's a little kiffy. Yeah, it could be. All right. Well, you have a nice day. And you too. Thank you. Bye bye. Maybe she's going to call back and tell us. No, we're all a good white boys. All of them is illegal, ADC. 560, 5050, 5060 on the AT&T. And first you would a black person commit to crime. Oh, it's a racist thing. All those white racist. Then they're getting a framed and O.J. And then all of a sudden, what a whole bunch of crimes get committed like, you know, Manson and Bundy and all these white serial killers. Like that serial killing before a lot of there with a bit of an end in his ass. Then how come all these white folks be doing this? No, of course, they're all guilty, right? Yeah. You know that. Because like Johnny Cochring said, Church rejects silence to gay commitment. Right. I'm telling you like that. They press material in the clergy proposal to ban, press material and clergy from officiating commitment ceremonies for gay couples was defeated in the Votale release Wednesday. And you like that. So even the press, the two ends are finally coming to the enlightened age. And we can hear this. The proposal was a conservative bid to overturn a policy established by the nomination of high school in the ruling last May. The ruling had to do with the gay commitment ceremony of the church in Dobbs Fairy, New York. Yeah. I wonder which one put the ferry in Dobbs Fairy. 21 before two at five, 60 QAM. We all got a do on the double double double double. The party is the Wednesday. Every Saturday night and eight. Join mom, wacky dad, and grandpa. Working overtime in the torture chamber in the basement. Go put on that lipstick. If you're ready for the package, you're on lightly. It's just a bill. Wow. The Wednesday. Very nice. At eight. 144. Five. You'll be happy to see that for two. I know forget the one last reminder. Big meeting today today's D Day for John Henry. Early supposedly. Miami City commissioners are likely to choose a sight along the Miami River for Newball Park for the Marms. What it says today when they take up a horny and thorny issue at a special meeting today. Open to the public. Meeting starts in 16 minutes to 2 o'clock. Manual our teammate community center 901 South First Street in Miami. Be there and just say, oh, John Henry, tell me you must be crazy. Must be nuts. We all know there's going to be a baseball strike. We all know that there's all the other money that they can't come up with. And the governor wants all these cut facts. And yet the other day they say, oh yeah, 120 million dollars tax. We paid no problem sales tax somewhere along the line. Something smells real fishy along the riverfront. But anyway, meeting is a total clock and it will hold our breath. Look at that 499 votes already on our poll today. Next one. Let me remember. Five hundred. I'm reloading it. Like I said, it's still 499. Which of Niels comments piss you off the most? None of his comments piss me off. Okay. We're going to ask you a question. No. Okay. So, what about the last two two two six six six sixty five point three percent. Two curds of the audience are not pissed off by anything that I say. Now, when we get to George. His comments about orthodox. What all your anti-simidic comments, so probably get a lot of Jews upset. Although I got the Jews upset too. about it all is anybody we feel did any of the things that I said that they're untrue. Oh no. So, Bill, I mean, tough to be. It's come at about black 32, about religion 26, about guns, 20, politics 17, and about Cubans only 11. They haven't loved them, it's been there for like, that's right because that's the only 11 that are pissed off and fired up about it. Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Neo. Yes sir. Okay, pop, so how you doing? Good sir. What about the slide lottery, man? Did you see his happy is picking Shmiki Frey? About with the corridor, your picture. No, didn't you see that? You didn't see the picture. He was in the picture with your carroyo. No, but his wife sure didn't look like she got it with cardboard, if you know what I mean. You know the cop after what started this whole mess, you know, she said. She, uh, this will bait him. Yeah. Yeah. I thought that's about cheese. I think in the water, in the paper this morning said she made some cross the comet about how he couldn't boil water or something like that. Oh, water or shoot the, uh, you know what? Yeah. Whatever was, uh, you know, you got it. Mm-hmm. You got it. Okay. We're going to shout out. Yes sir. Shout out. Miami apply it. Okay. What's happening? Okay. All right, my friend. Are we going to air cheese? Bye bye. Ciao. 5605056, the 1810 Verizon wireless line. Well, here's this file with that little girl. He's trying to teach you the play tennis because he lost all his money in the market. Great. It's charging it. Don't be afraid to turn it. You know, I better teach her a lot faster. Okay. Because the rest of us are going to want us to put up all that, my prize money she's going to be winning. Here's Virginia Beach, hello. Nail. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Wayne is starting. Hey, I'm one of your schwarpedillist men. All right. You have salad, no schwarped, sir. I've got to live in total. Oh, my life. Huh. You salad. Hey, I whiteboard. I mean. Hey, I'm not upset by anything that you say. Dammit. And all you black folks down there all over the internet wherever you're listening. Get a white. Okay. Please don't. Okay. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. Cheers. I knew like that. He claims to be a darkie. Yeah, he's not like him. But I'm not a little black in him. 5605056, the only 1810 Verizon wireless line. Jim, man, it's the mad dog. He'll be here to a clock here from David Buschews for Hank who's out of Vegas, punch in his everybody's getting the Vegas. Joe Costello just came back from Vegas. One money. Not a lot but one some money out there. See money in me. We're just, uh, and all those people all you're making do much. My wife said, I'm good thing I am making too much money because money in me they're just not a good matchup, you know. Just seems to like move off at all directions, you know. Painful other people's car payments, George. I mean stuff like that, you know. Yeah, losing my ass in the stock market. All the way did make it enough. Yeah, totally at Monday night. See with me, I had like two great years at the race track. 1969, 1968, and I'd say around two or three years. Couldn't lose. Hazel Park Northfield down. I mean, just every snicken race will it niles anyway. Now that's not making those harness drivers again. Did you really ever catch it? Took it out will it not? Oh, no, how it niles. Ward door. There it comes. Hit him again. Red Ross, dead heat, sandy socks. And Lord Doyle. I bet you're not too many people can take it. That's through. They had, there was a dead heat in a race at Northfield down. And I had two dollars to win on both horses that finished dead heat. Ward Doyle driven by Howard Niles and I ran the sandy socks driven by Red Ross. Oh, that's it. Hey, yeah, you didn't. I do remember. That incredible. But anyway, so to make a long story short, now to think of the track is once in a while, I have a decent night. But I usually start out losing my ass and then try to make a comeback. So if I break close to breaking even, then it's like, hey, I feel like I want to admit it. So Monday, I'm losing my ass. I go home losing only $2.50. I feel like I just want to fortune. I'm in the cargo home. I say, hey, that was a lot better than the church. Any day. Because at least I got most of it back. Here's a member of park. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good, sir. I get a couple of things. I'm not relayed to each other. But one, I love her. I have your audience when they, uh, they love you when you give them something out for free. Oh, yeah. They do anything. Boy, nice and polite. No bad words. Nice. And then, uh, as soon as you say, no more free stuff, they just, like, they be bird-backed to form, right? I love it. On the on kids, I have four children, very native. And, uh, funny, I always want to blame everything about the parents. And, like, when I come home from work and stuff, all the parents let the kids out, just roam in the street, think down the coming to house and they just, no, I ain't going to do that. Makes swear and horror at the parents. Yeah. And, uh, they don't discipline them either. Like, they're like, people that love their dogs run loose. I was talking about that together day, about their dog and I saw get run over. Same kind of thing, same concept. Correct. That's possible. They're, um, in a school, you know, like I said, I got a four kids, so two of them got a private school, and one's in a public school. And the difference in the schools are unreal. Two of my youngest ones go to Nova, and the teachers are of course now they get paid a lot more money. They just unbelievable. They don't. They, you go pick your kids up. There's no, uh, car, trying to smash in there and, and stuff like that. And then my oldest one goes a public school. It's unreal when you go to the kids, so rude and the security staff, they have at schools, unbelievable. Yeah. And just to jungle man. And it's awful. But, um, on your pole, um, I wear very many do, rather listening to your show. And, uh, I got them. And God bless America. Have a good one. You two, thanks, Thubba. There you go. We're praying for each other. Him and me, praying for the kids. Prayin' for the kids with a crappy parents out there. But a crappy drivers we got out there. Like Donald Brainer. This is 560 QAL. Oh, the first piece. Wow! Unscored radio 560 QAL. Hey, asshole. Oh, no. This weekend, three workspickers presents a timeless web story between the two richest, shallowest actors in Hollywood, Julia Roberts, and Brad Pitt star. I think the Mexican... You'll get to the geese of me, Doc Cole! You'll get to the geese of me, Doc Cole! The Mexican, and coming soon from DreamWorks, the China man. The Chinese one. The Native American. And the French man. We've been up here. War 56. Five, five, six did over to QF. See sometimes you have to wait right till the bitter end. And it turns out to be war with the effort. That's what Brad Pitt said. Wait till the bitter end. Scored score. I'd be worth a while. Almost in the name of that movie where he was like high school punk and he was in the track team and his brother was like Rick Schroeder. Come on, you knew this one. I'm not talking about it all the time. Yeah, that was when Brad Pitt really looked like something. He actually looks pretty good. They were just show it every five minutes. He'd watch it during all. Oh, that was. Wow. Anyway, where'd it go? Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. You're there? You shouldn't write in there, yes. Thanks. You want to talk to you? Hello. Oh, no. Oh, you just take it a survey. Oh, I see. The survey said he's there. Joe's in there. Maybe he has to confirm he was in the hallway. Yeah. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Got a lot of material. Was he clever or what? No. Not too good. Pretty weak, pal. Hello. Yes, sir. It is Neil. Yes, it is. Okay, Neil. How you doing? I'm doing. Okay. Just a whole year. She's came from two over the nine years ago. Yes. And I got two ages that I wanted to talk to you about. One of them is the little kids you're talking about. It's cool. Kill in the shoulder and all that. Right. Okay. I can tell you what. They're the supporters of too much democracy. You know, that's you happen this country. And all the democracy. It's like maybe a little communism might be going to take a little fascism might be even better. Is that what you're saying, sir? Well, I don't have my commoners. Because obviously, I just came on a little line of two. By head of that country. Well, I have one of these. So let me ask you this question. How come, like in the Western European countries, with a couple of partners?