playing and turning live What you see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, many... scans, about Periodization m out the grand axis fowl n fowl I'm not a real man. I'm not a real man. I'm not a real man. Yeah. Okay, be the right to break into your aunt's house. I didn't break in. You're fixed all locked? Yes. Did you ever write to do this? No sir. And you want us to believe you did it because you were worried that a car was there and you were afraid that something happened to her? I didn't know it was wrong. Her car was there. She's hardly ever home, but she's hardly. Not really. She's hardly ever gone without her car. Wow. So anyway, let me ask you this. Do you feel responsible for that shooting church? George is bad today from Tennessee. Do you feel it good? George is responsible. I loaded the gun for him and everything. Oh, because I don't. Anybody else in the audience feel responsible for this? Oh, because Robert Stein back in one of the most pathetic, uh, horrendous columns I've ever read in my life, which I'm going to read the entire thing on a year and a couple minutes. Right to the hero this morning, Brazil trailed bears our errors. We society, we we we we we we we we we we we did it we're supposed to be responsible for it. Now, of course, he is taking a poll as they're showing me a trial at school and on right now. I don't want to deflect a lot of people because it's on CNN and it's all over the place. But it's on court TV which is much better watch there anyway because they don't interrupt it as many times for all those stupid commercials like we do. But anyway, they're taking a poll as the thing is going on which they've been televised in the trial from the beginning. And the question the last few is you believe. Love, uh, his, uh, Nathaniel Brazil is a count of the murder. 84% of the people responding say, no, and only 16% say, yeah, 84 to 16% say absolutely positively. No, we don't believe them. Let's give you the poll result from yesterday on our show. Which of these groups most deserves financial reparations? African-Americans, this is out of 931 votes. African-Americans 37. 37. I mean, not even 4%. Holocaust survivors, 115, 12.3%. American engines, now we're talking, 322 say American engines. This is your reparations, 341%. Was that a little bit loud? How about this? How's that? Better. Okay. And none of the above which is what I voted nobody deserves no reparations. But yeah, 456, 48.9%. Almost half of our people got it right. Excellent. The idea that we're supposed to have, and then that whole concept ties right in with Robert Steinberg's column in the Heraldis morning. It's ludicrous. The idea that we are responsible for stuff that we had nothing to do with. There were responsible society as a whole is responsible for anything. Because first of all, there is no such thing as society as a whole. And the fact that the kid was 13 year old and the years old when he committed the murder, and he was exactly what it was, not in the accident, when he committed the murder of his teacher, you see we're supposed to feel very bad about that because society made him whatever he was. We're responsible for it. Now if he would have waited five or six years until he was an adult, then we wouldn't have to feel so bad about it. And I keep bringing it up Ted Bundy as an example. I think so. Before we let me just before I read the whole column. Here's a paragraph from Robert Steinberg's idiotic dangerous column in Heraldis. My really is dangerous. He says we were told our society with the blame for homelessness, crime, the untreated metal eel, the abandoned elderly drug abuse homophobia and unannounced. And you know something he's talking about America being exhausted by guilt. But as a society where we responsible for ignoring these problems. But as far as the homophobia let me speak to it personally. When John Wayne Gacy was a cop having killed all those boys and young men, were there any gay leaders, any of the gay people defending John Wayne Gacy? No, not that I ever heard of was I defending him? No, no. Anybody defending Jeffrey Domer of his barbaric and grotesque acts? No. So the idea that there's been racism and homophobia and sexism and all these is a big of a thing, that's not the baitable. We all know that. These are part of society's ills that we try to cure supposedly. But to try to suggest that because the society's responsible for that, individuals no longer have to be responsible for their own actions, and later on in the economy does we, you know, respond to that. But in a very man-by-pan-by-way, but he's a child. Now if you try to tell me that a 13 year old kid doesn't know the difference between right and wrong, and that all of his classmates you'll notice if you've been watching the trial, all of the fanomers' classmates, they're all liars. The rest of the world is out of step. He's the one that we're supposed to believe. He'd be telling the truth. And for an honor student that's interesting that he was about to get an F in English class from a very Bruno who's the teacher of the shot. And in the entire column here this morning, Robert Steinbeck, I'm out of the mentioning the name of the teacher. I don't read a single word, all these paragraphs, which I'm going to read. I don't read one word in there. Not one. About the teacher. And the wifey left behind in the family. How do we do anything about that? Right? Young dedicated teacher, which is pretty damn hard to find these days. Yeah. Roy's belly aching about the school, sucking we can't find good teachers in the pays to low and all of these things, which are all true. There's not one more to about that. See, this is what's wrong with America today. We're not supposed to be interested in the victims anymore. Oh, how could we, you know, what's the point of wasting another life? We had that call a couple of days ago. Yeah, what's the point of wasting another life? I couldn't even understand the first of his life. And then my response was, well, how about Ted Bundy? Then we execute him. How about if he's talking about executing this kid, that's not going to happen. How can we go waste to McVase by? How can we next the week from today? May 16, we're going to be wasting Tim McVase life. I mean, he's got that nice orange jumpsuit. He could be out here in a corner 4441 and I was very rude. Doing the homeless voice thing is already dressed for it. He could be raised money for the homeless. Like I said, he's got the right outfit. Why should we waste his life? Just because he committed those barbaric, rotesque acts in Blvd. God damn, I'm building an Oklahoma city. I mean, Robert Steinbach, you are really a fool. You are pathetic. Can you not fool on anybody? A fool? Don't fool nobody. Just remember you heard that first here. Remember that? Yeah, she brought it down. I mean, I'm going to read this and it's a good thing I don't need breakfast because I'd probably puked my guts out of. If I had had a big breakfast this morning, it's not for somebody with a weak stomach because it's so nauseating. I'm sure that we'll have a few of you folks out there. I don't want to say that, you know, of any particular persuasion. We'll have a few folks who probably agree with this crap that he wrote the paper this morning. Maybe some of you already wrote a Reddit. Be reading it. And here's our poll question for today, which fits right in. Fits right in and I made it simple because Eric is on a road today. He's doing an eating a tour of Florida. What? What do you laugh about? He's stopping. No, he's he's doing it for consumer reports. He's checking all the service, pleasure, restaurants for the food thing. Mrs. Fields cookies and Nathan's all of those things. I think he'd be pretty good at that, don't you? That's what Eric's doing. So he's on the road, but he is going to be able to put up our poll question. We said, make it simple. I said, hey, it's perfect for me. I'm pretty simple. Here's the poll question that they on theowodgers.com. Do you think most Americans take responsibility for their own actions? Yes, you're no. Very simple. And it ties right in with the Nathanier Brazil shooting of his teacher. And with all these bleeding hearts in this wacko, though, do you read about this kind of was demonstrating outside the courtroom yesterday that they had a drag off? No. This wacko, this will fanata. He ran inside and disturbed the trial, screaming and shouting and carrying on like a banshee. Like my mother did it to graduation. Oh, I'm sorry. Your mother did it to graduation. Birds of all. All I have to do is wait to five days for it and happiness is just around the court. Well, if you don't want to wait to five days, who cares? By the dancing of the street, just buy a lot of handcuffs. It's a great alternative to working problems out and if you consider the population control, yes, handcuffs. They just might make it thanks. 1014-560WQM-2 got another parent said bill, silence. Let's start promoting that way ahead of time. Maybe you can get a couple of geeks to show up. What's our nearly as an amazing as the shell gas station appearance I'm going to be doing this for a day? A rye! Okay. Wow. Now, what's it going to be free gas or something? Ah, yes, Miguel. What's the idea? What's your job going to give you some gas? Yeah. And there's nothing. In line with the show that we did a Monday, we're just going to be providing with gas. Not all the pump. But at any rate. So it's this Friday? Yeah, but I don't know which shell. From the seventh to the seventh. So just drive around town to all the shell stations and look for George. It's a gas. And then of course you're wasting enough gas to have to fill up against probably part of the deal. Oh, yeah. Anyway, a protest your disrupt proceedings, a county lifeguard and perennial protests to inject it himself in an offending of Brazil's first and reemergent trial yesterday morning. By loudly assaling a system that's trying the 14 year old boys and adult, this is wrong. Shouted Will Van Attra 45 in front of the jurors before deputies grabbed him and dragged him from the courtroom. He can't vote. He can't serve out of jury. This is wrong. He was shouting and screaming before they dragged him out. While some legal experts call the incident unfortunate, they doubted that the outburst would affect the a trial on charges that he shot teacher Barry Grunal asked you. Kurt Grunal, brother of the slain teacher, was so concerned about the possibility of a mist trial and so disgusted with Van Attra's display that he followed him as deputies led him to the front of the courthouse. Grunal tried to lunge it Van Attra what was restrained by deputies and walked away. But he liked that. Lifeguard. Maybe he knows the Fisherman. Yeah, that's possibility. Maybe they can look together. Sounds like a match made in purgatory. And just like Robert Stein back, we've got all these activists out there. Very concerned about this poor little kid. Who Van watching his performance these last two days to be honest with you, I don't really think I'll let Holly have me on the same. Not to all that bright. At best. Although he does play a mean tube out here. But nobody cares about the victims anymore. Nobody gives a crap anymore. About people who are victimized about lives there is stuff down because like I've told you for years, Lifeguard America is his chief as a guy named Chocolate Malt or now where are you saying you got a good Chocolate Malt Sonic? Good. Everything. Yeah. Good Golly. Okay. So Robert Stein back who probably ought to go to Sonic for one last supper before we go, you know, cool amounts somewhere. No, he this this is a crazy person. Robert Stein back at the arrow. He's written some columns over the years that I've agreed with and I've read those in Yadi and and but every now and then his professional darkism comes into play. And that's got to be what this is all about because he not a stupid person. And I want you all to prepare everybody known as prepared if you'll very guilty or ready for that. I want you to feel really responsible just as somehow you were responsible for preparing to give the kid an F and English class and for not letting the girls out of see he was actually going to let him come inside and talk to the two girls when he came back that wasn't good enough. He wasn't going to let the girls step outside the classroom to speak to Nathaniel. So therefore he pointed that gun. Now they asked him to demonstrate in court. They had him holding the gun. They asked him to demonstrate and by the way, the prosecutor is doing a great job. Ask him to demonstrate how in holding the gun it could go off accidentally he couldn't do it. He gave me every opportunity under the sun. How does that happen? This show me you give us a display. Could he do it? No. Huh. But anyway, so. Uh, right and get the pewq bag ready when you hear this. Roberts Stein back writes in a hairless morning, Brazil trial bears our errors. He says I haven't been able to shake the feeling while following coverage of 14 year old, the Thania Brazil's murder trial. That society finally is off the hook for what's wrong in society. Not long ago, society, meaning the people of our communities and nation on our collective attitudes and values, would have felt compelled to examine its own role in the boy shooting a teacher Barry Gruno. That's the only time to answer this the name. Young Nathaniel did after all spring from our midst. Young Nathaniel. Now you just a little bit listen to the adjective. Young Nathaniel did after all spring from Ritz. Don't we have an obligation to examine the reality we've created to search the clue to explain why a 13 year old would react to a minor setback. Being sent home from school from esp behaving by carrying a loaded gun to school and pointing at the face of a teacher he admired. No longer it seems. We created this screwed up confused frightened boy. Just as surely as we've created and probably taken by curious credit for the scientist, entrepreneurs and artists America's produced. But we don't want Nathaniel Brazil and our consciousness balance sheets so we've cut him loose to bear the murder charge alone. How cowardly when something good arises from our society, we are America, the proud nation of values. Yet when the same cauldron spews for something bad, we point in accusing finger at the individual and exonerate ourselves saying America had nothing to do with it. I hear so little outrage to despair or even angst that yet another child faces life in prison. No political or civic figures have spoken up except those who endorse such barbarity in the name of justice. They're scarcely elevated all. The bully pulpit is vacant. This subtle but relentless philosophical shift away from society, bearing any responsibility towards citizens actions has intensified during the last quarter century. As I see it, America has been exhausted by guilt. The depression forced society to take responsibility for poverty and economic injustice to civil rights and feminist movements forced society to admit to generations of institutionalized racism and sexism. The list grew. We were told our society was to blame for homelessness crime, the untreated mentally ill, the abandoned elderly drug abuse homophobia and on and on. America made considerable social reforms in latter part of the 20th century, but rather than this progress being a source of national pride in morphed interresentment. Over use of the guilt card by political liberals opened the door for conservatives to stoke this resentment. Progress by distress segments of society increasing the was depicted as coming at the expense of more deserving and productive segments. Criminally inclined kids became the exclusive fault of parents, not society. I'm not exonerating the individual from selfish responsibility for bad behavior, far from it, a scribing responsibility of society never removes it from the individual. The fanior Brazil must be disciplined for his actions, but not as an adult. The reason he's being prosecuted is one is that we are too cowardly to admit that kids are shaped by the world we created. How do you like that? We're too cowardly. Don't you feel bad? I feel you're right, very guilt. Don't you feel guilty and responsible for the fact that we've done things that caused him to do this? In addition, let me say you're full of crap, okay? You're full of Schmidt, Robert Steinbeck, because after every one of the kids shootings in the last few years, whether the shootings of Columbine, whether the kids were black as in this case or white as in that case or whatever. After every one of those cases, there's been this long, gnashing and rower, hand-ringing and carrying out a wide, who kids do this and what was in their background that caused them to do it. And where they abused the children, where their parents unfit, there's been no shortage, hours and hours and hours of why as a society, we have somehow failed, which has absolutely nothing to do with just a smoke screen. It's just a cloud, it's just obfuscation, is all it is. To try to cover up for the fact that this kid knew exactly what he was doing, that he's the liar that his schoolmates, all of whom got up on a witness stand and very articulately told their story and how he said he was going to go back and eff up the school. Because he was pissed off and fired up. Because he was caught through on water balloons in class. And because he wanted his name all over the goddamn news papers in the media, another one of these deals. Are we responsible for that? No. A girl suspended along with Brazil said they were leaving that afternoon, he said he was going to come back and shoot the guidance counselor who caught them. Classmate, of course, he wasn't around, so he shot thing with teacher instead. Classmate Michelle, on course, the English teacher was going to give an F so he deserved it. Classmate Michelle Cordova said, Brazil ordered that he was going to be all over the news. Brazil said Tuesday, he didn't remember the conversation at the time he said he was mainly mad at himself for doing something that would get him suspended. He also did not ask you in 18 year old neighbor for a gun, just after he had been suspended, Brad and Brandon spent testified last week that he bumped into Brazil and the seventh grader asked him for a gun that he could take back to school. Brazil said it didn't make sense to ask from that span for a gun, she calved he had one at home. Meaning the one he stole from grandma, grandpa. I mean, his answers to the questions are so ludicrous, the course they've had a year to cook up this whole deal, him and his lawyers, and his lawyers told him to do this, and his lawyers told him to do the interviews with the magazines, and listed all of the sympathy you get. So that people like Robert Stein back at the right to swill this garbage, this trash, and a major market newspaper this morning, about how worse it worked cowardly. That's horrible. And it's even, especially those of us who think that America is a slaughterhouse, and that all these guns being around are, and people being irresponsible with guns, how many times have I talked about that? 80 billion times over the years? Yeah, but I'm supposed to be responsible and bad. Well, guess what, Robert Stein back? I don't feel bad. Because I know the difference between blow and somebody way when I get pissed off. George's mom would be in a box right now, a foreign for the fact that he knows the difference between right and wrong, between blow and somebody way or not every time they get pissed off. In fact, it would have been years ago. Well, it would have been right, but it would have been illegal. There you go. So, see, thank God for George. We doesn't have to bear responsibility for it anymore than I do. I wonder how many of you people in the audience feel guilty for Nathaniel Brazil, blowing his teacher away? I'm changing the way I do everything now. Yeah. I mean, well, what crafts, society did it? This individual didn't do it. I mean, talk about contradictions, and one part of the column is right about society has got to examine itself with it, and for attitudes and values in the audio audio. But the interesting part of it is that the overwhelming majority of kids thank God out there don't take us to school. Don't shoot their classmates. Don't shoot their teachers. Don't shoot their friends. Don't f up the school. And they're grown up in the same society. Watch in the same TV. And I should point out by the way that Brazil was also testified that he had to bring good home life. Yeah, he had a good home life that he was happy with his mother and his stepfather. He was angry at his father, but nevertheless, he was happy with his mother and stepfather. He was living with. And he was not happy with his home life. That's usually their excuse. There are no excuses. Don't you understand? Anybody making excuses for Ted Bundy? No. Yeah, Fred Dommard. He even burped with John Wayne Gacy. No. Charles Manson? No. Richard Spectlow. No. Nobody's making excuses. And I should point out that they still don't really know when the first killing was that Bundy did. But if you read the book about Bundy, the ones that they do know he was still a teenager when he committed his first murders. There you go. So how come we execute it him? Wasn't he scared and confused and troubled? Oh, and that's right. And they lied to him about who his real mother was or something like that. Remember that? Yeah. He was a bastard. Literally. And now he's dead. Anybody feel sorry for the fact that he's dead? No. I don't think so. Except for the bleeding hearts out there who think that capital punishment is our barracks. Like I was saying last week, till I came back to earth. No, because I thought I still live in Holland when I was saying that. And then I realized, oh, I live in the US. I better be for capital punishment. Because this is in a civilized place like that. Where people don't want to mind blowing each other away. We have more murders in one day here than they have in most other countries in a year. In one day. And if good weekend here in Miami, we can beat like most of Europe in a whole year. Except the course for those good religionists in Northern Ireland things like that. They don't count. Plus they use bombs anyway. They're more like the Cubans. They use bombs. La Bamba. Oh, here's Bobby Shapiro on there. I wonder what I'm not going to put it on. I don't want to hear anything he has to say. Next thing he'll probably be saying, oh, Jay did it. In fact, do we know that if O.J. was at the school at day? No, we're positive. Oh, there you go. Something to think about. Maybe it's washer. Maybe O.J. was looking for the killer of her in the colon run at day at the school. Maybe he put a bug in the Fangels here, huh? I mean, we don't know for sure. That's my point. I'm not suggesting anything. But we just don't know for sure. Do we know? No, he probably has a good alibi. Maybe he was with Pedro Guerrero that day. Maybe he was getting some kind of a civil disobedience kind of thing out there in the streets with you. Who knows what the Ali was doing and who the hell cares? But if anybody out there feels any guilt because Robert Steinberg told you it's out to be told in us that we ought to feel guilty then. I feel for you. I feel for all of us. We don't have a real newspaper in this town. They would write, you know, cap columnists who could write more intelligently than that. 26 after 10 at 5.60 WQM. If you didn't get a good night's sleep last night, here's the answer for it. Here's the remedy for a long time to come. Call dial a mattress where he gets super low prices. I don't want to mention his name on. My post-brand at the after-end there. He comes in here yesterday, Hank. And just back from Louisville. I guess maybe he's still under a lot of stress that he didn't pick the winner anymore than the rest of us did. And he's telling me before he's show about the, you know, they really got a study on team to watch the Marlins. And I said, you don't understand. Nobody cares. You don't get it, Hank. There is no interest. There is none. And I explained to him that on Sunday on a beautiful, perfectly sunny day, with no threat of rain, with no great humidity or high temperature, low 80s. They had 10,000 announced that an actual crowd of 5,6,7,000 people there, maybe. From driving home and Hank is going on about, well, you know, really, what a shame will be to lose the day. See, a lot of you folks, you just didn't deny it. You don't understand. I mean, you may have the best rain deer meat in the US, but, you know, take it to Finland and sell it. There's no interest in it here. No, seriously. You may have the best olive on, but take it into the north pole. They don't like it up there. You know, you have to take it somewhere where there is interest in it. There is no interest here. So Bush and Toro now, and the best part of the new deal is, yeah, the rumor is the deal is, they're going to make us an offer so good we won't be able to turn it down. We heard that before. Yeah. Toro says he hopes to craft a ballot measure. I love the way, here's the way that's, he's going to craft a ballot measure. In other words, if you're against the stadium vote, maybe, if you're forward vote, we don't know, and we'll figure out what you really mean. He hopes to craft a ballot measure that would go before the voters in July. And Bush said, he'll ask that President John McCain, Husband Speaker Tom Fini, to make the plan a priority when legislature meets again in January. January, this is the middle of May. There were even, there were even whispers about maybe like a special session. Which the governor says is highly unlikely, but don't ever count it out. Corroyo says, the voters with an essence be asked, all the questions that are pertinent to the new stadium, it'll be something that will give the marlins the assurance they need to move forward, whatever that means. In July, am I going to be here in July? No, don't blame me. I won't be here to lead the band. Why can't I'm sure George will do his part since he hates sports anyway? But what a joke. And I think it's great. Put it on the ballot. Waste waste, you know, have a special election. I mean, evidently, the city of Miami, that's always under verge of bankruptcy. They have unlimited funds. All of a sudden, unlimited funds to go and buy the land and do all of these other things. No problem. They're finding money all over the place. City and the county. Same county that can't give textbooks to your school that kids in school to take home. Oh, it won't be started on that again, because then Dave Hybel start picking on me and said, Oh, there you go again with education. Neil, it's not like I get rid of the marlins. Won't save the school's right. Well, what a brilliant observation that is. But I'm sure we could probably find something better to spend that $120 million that they wanted from Legislature on. Not to mention all the other millions and millions and millions of dollars. You're going to be subsidizing all these white elephants with for the next many many years. Will they ever learn here? No. See, because these are people who are like our sales department, the marlins and the politicians who are in bed with them. They don't know one word. They don't know that word. Just like the old Julio Queens. They don't know that word. They don't know what it means. They just won't stop. No. No. What is that? No. Just this one time, okay? No. They don't get it. So it doesn't make any difference. What the public say, they're going to continue hatching and prodding and planning. And I'm really worried in July if that goes on a ballot because Hank yesterday and the kid. What I heard from him, tells me again that he's wavering. He's wavering. He's wavering. Now nobody loves hockey more than I do, but you know something. If they said if they care, if Wayne came on TV and noon today and said, well, we found a legal loophole and we're able to break the lease with the Amaccharina because we can't fight a new buyer for the hockey team. And we're going to move them to Tennessee. Where the hell were you just in town to give me a like, yeah, like in the Knoxville. That where they got Nashville. We're going to move them to Knoxville, Tennessee, Johnson City, Johnson City, but Taving New York. We're going to move the Panthers. What I said to you here is no. No. I just don't care anymore. I don't care to the power I stop going. And I just like with the marlins, I get my tickets for free. I don't care. I stop going because it's not because they were losing, but because it was never taning because it was depressing because there was nobody there and for good reason there was nobody there. It was a waste of time. It's a social club. And when you dilute something and like I talked about the other day, if Ruth Chris started serving hamburger, I think they would lose most of their clientele very fast. And then if they started serving like really low grade hamburger, I don't take anybody to go in there. And it's the same thing. No, yeah, but come back. Our hamburger is better this way. Well, too late. You know, you've already blown it too bad. We thought other things to do other things to eat. And it's the same thing with these sports moguls. You know, with all these multi-billionaires. If you keep watering it down, you know, we've spent out of the science-pair dollars. They've finnagle it come up with some cockamamey scheme. We've rid of these big, gigantic, beautiful palaces. And then if things don't quite go quite your way, you just, you know, you establish your trash the organization. You leave us with a shadow of what we had before. And anybody doesn't believe that if you watch the Buffalo Pittsburgh series, Game 5, 2 Barnes scores the winning goal for Buffalo over time. Game 6 last night, Marty Strocca. Of course, the winning goal over time for the penguins. And who are the names we keep hearing during their game last night? Strocca and Barnes and there's Rhett Warren or again, and there's Jason Woolley. Scott Mellon be doing great there in St. Louis. They went for an arrow from Dallas. All those guys are still playing. So if the Panthers disappeared tomorrow, I mean, you know, I've been scrolling to some of the games. Like the two year went to Ronald Pleys here. But other than that, I don't care, really. I don't care anymore. So don't give me this big song today. It's about, well, see, I really like baseball. They paid me by the pitch. And there was no bigger baseball fan in the world that me when I was growing up as a kid. And that lasted for many, many, many years. For most of my adult life. And when they had their last work stop, as you want to, when they basically splat the public in the face and said, oh, we're not even having a world playoff in World Series this year. Whatever year that was, 94, whatever was. At that point, I said, screw you guys. And then, of course, when the salaries just kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and everybody said, oh, well, do we can't make any money? And the owners start crying. But what do you're crying about? If you're paying guys $252 million, how you expect to make any money? We're not going to subsidize it. So I just don't have any interest. It's just big business. And all these people are waxing poetic about, oh, well, there's nothing better than taking your kids to a ball game and have it a hot duck. Well, that's all ancient history now. That's all in the past. It doesn't exist anymore. It's a figment of your imagination. You're living in the distant past. Now it's just brazen, big business. Where guys just hoard themselves out to the highest bitter. You've got a bunch of mercenaries out there. And whoever paid them the greatest amount of money, that's where they'll go. They don't give a flying crap about any of you. There's no loyalty. There's no allegiance. There's no continuity. Who the hell's on the team? Who are these guys? Oh, you have a good bunch of good young guys. But who the hell are they? Nobody cares. So you can give a song to dance on your hank about how you, you know, it would be embarrassing to lose baseball on lunch. Let's come up. What difference does it make? How many stadiums you've built? That is the problem is the stadium in the first place. Everybody knows that. There's nothing wrong with that. Stating it's in a perfect location. You drive and right off the turnpike. The problem is that the owner got sucked into a bad deal. That's the problem. You'll bush other than the SNLs. I don't think they're going to be usually steps into bail anybody out. Do they? If you're in private business, they're going to come in. They're going to come in. Are you guys going? We're going. We're going. Wait, you can't drive on it. We're real clear. We're going to fall for kids. Yeah, yeah. Wait, what? Do I just put these lines out? Look at this line. Oh, no, I get it. Go on. Come on. Come in. I don't do co-creating on me. Come on. I just want to. No. Hey. Hey, Ravar. Oh, I got to go. I got to go. I got to go. I got to go. I got to go. I got to go. No, I don't do that anymore. No, no, no. Just tell me if I just came in. Come on. Come on. Are you just wants to go? Yeah. I'm in. I'm in. That's a lot of it. Go. Yeah. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Come here. Come on. I got a new script yesterday. Come on. I can't. Oh, I got a new script yesterday. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. I don't you feel guilty about him, though. You feel it's a side is responsible for his aberrant behavior and his constant drug abuse and, uh, etc. I'm being misled by false. No, not him, but still. So cut the crap. By the way, we've had a major change in that survey on court TV. Do you believe Brazil's account of the shooting? Yes. 15% know 85%. So he's improved one percent as he goes on. 85% know 15%. Yes. Is that a good, uh, not too good, no fanial. Maybe if he had his tube with air. Huh? Blow a few notes? Or here's a thing about sunny fox and run her city, which is interesting. And the sun's settled. Not even the least, but interesting about the fact that they're not on the year and try some lame ass comedy, which he and MP3 just see that. They're downloading and even download. Do we want their stuff? No. This must be in lieu of time, jick, or writing a piece about the ratings. Every time we have a stupidest rating book, all of a sudden both Kevin Bastard and Harold and Tom Jick all of them. Nobody cares about the radio ratings and they're not writing anything about that. How do you like that? I'm under how Castro Hover feels about that. And what is wrong with? So anyway, here's an update from our friend Paul and four Myers. This is the third consecutive day. Thank you for being here. He's keeping us on top of this story. Merrillville, Indiana. Ex-Principal and Girl Found. That's a good news. The bad news. A former Baptist school principal accused of running off at an 11-year-old girl was captured today by the FBI after the two were found together in the Las Vegas area hotel. At least in the court, they could have a good time. William A. Byte, 28, was arrested on federal charges, of coursing and enticing a minor into sexual acts and transporting a minor across state lines for sexual purposes at FBI agent Doug Garrison and Indianapolis. Both Byte and the girl were safe Garrison said he didn't have any other details of the capture in a hotel in Las Vegas. The Las Vegas and the Baptist Church and all the other go into. How do you like that? And the Jews, we know what we thought that rabbi up there and where the hell was it? Somewhere up there in this story. Well, at the rabbi one? No, you didn't. A couple weeks ago, sure you didn't miss that story. You were here. Well, I forgot. The rabbi that got canned because he was a molesting voice and had a prioro thing in St. Louis. I totally forgot that. Wow, I must have been out or something. No, you were not out. Just flipped your mind. You were too worried about the balance. We see that one was on vacation. You were too worried about the Palestinians. You just killed a killer to his really kids. Anyway, you wanted to fight out. I mean, bigger part. Yeah. 460. Just a sheet count. Anyway, getting back to poor Nate, he's on there right now. That's a good one. I was going to my friends. Oh, there you go. He was one of his friends. He's not a friend anymore. You wanted to know why George, he's not a friend anymore. Because he's killed dead. How do you like that? He's not a friend anymore because he died. That's the reason. And because Nate put a bullet between his eyes. He was dead. He was one of his friends. Which contradicts earlier testimony that he told other kids that he didn't like him. And especially when you know he's going to get an F-n-English. And if you've heard his English, I think you can understand why he was going to get an F-n-English. Don't you understand? Yeah. I mean, I don't want X-No tough questions, but I've been listening to his testimony last two days. And he did not sound like an honor student to me. Now far beyond for me to judge, you know. He just does not sound like an honor student to me. And for whatever the reason was he was going to be an F-n-English. I guess he ain't going to get it now. He's got an F-n-Life. And Robert Steinbex says that each and every one of you all of us should feel responsible for it. And I must be a bad guy. And you wanted to lie? Because I don't feel even the slightest Iota of responsibility for Nathaniel Brazil for Lionel Tate, the Rastlanet girl I'm killing her and breaking all her bones for the kids out there in Colombein, which I'm not even live there. I don't feel responsible for those things. Because I've been saying for years that this is a slaughterhouse in a barbaric place. And that guns do feel people, yes, they do. And that people are going to own them out of be responsible and make damn sure that little kids that are responsible people, because we run it around and we tend to get pissed off, kill them, people with their guns. Yeah. And stuff like that. So having attempted to be a voice of reason, the voice of sanity, and otherwise, the country of total insanity. I don't feel like I want to be responsible. Maybe that field makes you feel bad, Robert Steinbeck, he will imbicell you. In fact, you're responsible for writing crap in what is supposed to be a major market newspaper. All over the place. I mean, he's all over the map here with this thing. And finally, at the end of the article, if you have a strong stomach and get to the last part where, oh yeah, well, he must be disciplined for actions and describing responsibility of the society, never removes it from the individual. Well, so what are you saying? He's saying both things. He wants to have it both way, but he's desperately trying to make excuses and uses all those adjectives, you know, about poor, young, ethaneal. This screwed up confused, frightened boy. Did he look confused and frightened to you? Yeah, I'm watching him right now. You know, it looks frightened to me. It looks confused by life. It's hard to ask to me. Looks like a real con artist to me. And a liar. Yeah, the way. Yeah, if he's let out, if he's a dangerous killer at 13, more likely to be by the time he's 20. Yeah. Uh-huh. Pussy at this fascination with guns. He wanted to be a cop, and anybody to be a secret service agent to predict, uh, protect president. Huh. He'd have hit right in back in 63, I guess. 566, 0560, pound 560. Oh, and also a lot of correct one of the things because then we got a lot of stuff on my plate. Brian Murray is not the general manager of the Chicago Black House. About 10 days ago, somebody came in and he handed me a thing from the sports department there. Brian Murray had the name the GM and the Black Hot. What was that all about? Mike Smith is still a general manager. Brian's son is the, and I made several comments jokes about that during last 10 days, which nobody corrected me because nobody out there knows the damn thing about hockey. And he didn't get the job. He was up for the coach. He was under consideration BM, and they said, no, we don't want no BM will take BS instead. And so it took my good close friend, remember last night called me in between that pen with Buffalo game to correct me on that. Absolutely right, remember. And I'm still not blind in her. But at any rate. Amazing. How much misinformation gets on here in this place? Uh huh. Stonishing. And what's even more astonishing is that nobody out there knows what they're talking about. But hey, it's typical for sound flow. Isn't it? Yeah. 567. 560. 560 on the AT&T line. Probably a lot of folks watching the trial this morning. I understand that. You got my permission. I'm sitting here watching it myself. Here's what my or so. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good sir. The only thing is, this totally the skills responsibility. But I, I just feel sad in a way that this kid has thrown away his life. I mean, it's, it's, it's sad. But what about the life of the teacher? Well, no, no, no, I understand that. You understand that Neil. He took away somebody else's view right. You're right. You're right. No, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. You have no argument. So then why you're concerned that he's throwing away his life. He didn't. Because nobody else for you didn't. That thing. It's just a sad thing. Yeah. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, that is the sad thing, but to me it's a, I was in times worse, much sadder that the teacher, who was a responsible, decent person with a wife and family that he's dead. That's much sadder to me. Maybe my priorities are screwed up, but to me, that's a lot sadder. What I really call to ask you about was, um, later this year, I am going to Vegas for the first time. Huh? And I wanted to ask you your opinion of the out, Excalibur hotel. Well, yeah, Georgia's sticking this finger down a stroller. If you're going to go to Disney World and have like a lot of little punkty kids, it's okay. But I wouldn't go there. But I heard because, you know, he's not going to go to go there. Well, I'm going there because of part of my job. I think a full thing, we're getting, we're like $480 for five nights. Right. Air fair included from Tampa too. Well, I mean, you can stay there, but you just don't spend any time in there. I mean, did you got the walkover even across to the MGM New York, New York, New York, the Trappercana and all over the strip, but you don't want to spend any time in there. They're writing the wall and talking distance from there. Yeah, the restaurants suck and, uh, you don't want to spend any time in there. I hear the, I hear the New York, New York's pretty cool. It's okay. I like the MGM, which is right across the street. All right. Well, listen, I still think George is such a pack and take care. Honey, you like that? Was that a great collar one? I guess you can't load away. I can't see covered all the bases. Maybe he'll write it in that the back dismembered through a little girl in the X-Cala. Yeah, from Indiana. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marta's line. George is weeping right now. Why does he weep? Because we took that call. And I feel the same yesterday. Didn't take too many calls to be honest with it. And I want you to hold tired about the fact that colors on the talk shows generally suck. That's just an issue. In fact, the colors on the sports shows are much worse than this. I heard some little Julio Colin Hankier today talking about the Kentucky Derby. This kid had no idea what he was talking about. None. And that's generally what you hear because it's here. So why should you expect this to be a sports son? They don't even understand what they're talking about. They claim to be big football fans. They don't even understand that. That's their claim to fame. This is a football town. Okay, what do you say? They do show up for the golfing games. I'll say that. But I've been nothing or what they're talking about. They've even get it. Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. Hey, no, no. Great. That's been in those sports, huh? Yeah. You take it to Marlon's own jobs. It's the actual idea. I just had nobody. Yeah. You took some phones away from the Panther game. Nobody would go there. Right. And the dogs is only free to make all theirs. They get trashed and get bombed in the park of our free. Yeah. That's what you got down there. But you know, this guy here, he killed the dude. He took away a family man with two kids. Now, he got a grub with a father. Nobody thinks of that. It's an absolute joke. He's got to go to jail for the rest of his life. I mean, how come, how come the first thing that seems to come out of the minds of people like this last idiot from four miles who finally show what an idiot he was of them to call? But nevertheless, the first thing he comes to mind is, well, it's so sad that this kid is thrown away his life. Well, who forced him to do that? Ted Boney through a ways life. All those other people I mentioned through way their lives. Nobody forced them to commit an abour and act. Absolutely. And how to grab a what is the ages? He pulled off the gun, shot them and had to kill the guy. And any kid that's 13 years old that doesn't know that the difference between right and wrong and blow in somebody way, I'm sorry. But we got real problems with that. See, the other kid, Lionel Tate, I still think that kid is emotionally disturbed. He needs to be like in a some kind of a psychiatric facility for a long, long time. If not forever. Because he's dangerous. But this kid's not emotionally disturbed. He was cold and calculating. He planned this whole thing out. He was pissed off and fired up and he told his friends he was going to go back and eff up the school. And first he was going to drive the car through the school and that didn't work out. So he went and got the gun. And then he said he was going to go and kill the teacher and his name would be all over the media. But now he's in the year later he's got a whole different story because that's the reason why I'm going to fly and court. That's not going to play too well by the jury. So now we've got a whole different story that he's got cooked up for. And amazingly his testimony and every respect conflicts with each and every one of the witnesses. All his classmates, all his buddies. They got a different story. So like I said, the whole world is out of step and good old Nathaniel. He's the only one who's marching as a right drummer. The right two book player. Here's Miami B. Uh huh. Uh huh. Here's the mobile and key west. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. The more that Baptist principal story than you heard. Yeah. It's in the USA today. He's on the previous CMS that for sex with his minor. All right. And before he got promoted his father was the principal of that school Baptist principal. He was arrested for a selection of oral sex from a undercover male cop. Great. Okay. So runs into family of an animal. Right now it runs into their family. Is it not a judge? Don't you feel responsible for that? Most definitely. I do too. Well, it's not always great listening to you. That's a good day. Thanks a lot. I'm getting a new phone. 560 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. All but he's a man of the Lord. The man of the cloth. Yeah, huh. I was good to have a cloth around just in case. Yeah, bubble would have just had a cloth around. He probably might even still be in there. Might have got a third term. We might have changed the law just to get him back in there. We like him so much. Oh, he wasn't quite dumb enough, I guess. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Poor Nate, what are we going to do about poor Nate? Huh? Now let me say it again. Except for the one mentioned, I guess he just had to get the name in there. The teacher that he murdered. Robert Steinbeck doesn't seem to be the least but concerned about the consequences of this act. And the fact that here's a very civilized, decent, worthwhile person who's, you know, I'm sure that intelligent people can do a lot more look at things than teaching public school. Believe me when I tell you that. A lot safer things. Things that are a lot more appreciated in this society that has a priority in all, their priorities all screwed up. And doesn't place a high priority in education. But he chose to do that. And he's dead and we'll see him no more. But don't you feel bad for poor Nate? No, I do not. No, I don't. And if there was a legal way to find his ass, I'd be more than lighted to pull the switch. Does that sound like a... The drink you put the Lord in, and get your doctor. Disperving video of shit, gut's laying down out the whole light sodom. That's us all for new jobs for free. See what we call on camera. Watch the next. In the next episode. We've nice and 7 on 7. 14.5.6. You can't wait for my any more loader down. A beaver. I have to stay shab. W2am.com or no more. Thanks forever to get that taste and smell. How do you assist me? Hey Bill, what's for breakfast? Of the usual fruit toast cereal. That's good right? Wrong, Bill. That's my breakfast. What are you doing? Try this. That's me too, Bob's of Chuck. For breakfast but I just write with those health nuts. So tell you Bill, because all the vitamins and minerals you need to start the day off right. Plus it'll give you that aggressive edge that's so important in today's competitive world. But what about all the cholesterol? Oh, come on Bill, you can't escape the inevitable. And a few short years you'll be dead. Father for the worms, sleeping eternally in the cold and grace of death. You're rocking corn. You can't get the picture. Hey, get that meat. Good pair's a smart fellow. I'm all you right? Hey, good salt, too. Ha ha ha. When having breakfast don't leave else. And more than full football. Meat, what do we remember? It ain't complete. If you leave out the meat, meat. Good. Yes, meat, good. Hey, old lady, may I have some food? Hey, old lady, old lady, don't let this light. And regulation that's high, the meat for the same ones. Give it a day off and we'll be back. And when this game comes, extend the series. What's that? What's that? That's good. That's good. What's the game here? Get over time. It's one of these fucking forces of seven games. Yes, second overtime, leader. And ladies and gentlemen, and just left the building. It's Marty's rock up. Once again. And I apologize for any old chicken carried away like a washerwoman there, squeaking out. That was pretty embarrassing. On Fox Sports, Eddie O. Sorry, Eddie, but the controller itself. Okay. What's pretty exciting? Five, six, several. Any interest here? No. No. I mean, the notion that this is a sports town is as laughable as the idea that we're going to open up a Hall of Austin in Montpellier, Vermont. That's how ridiculous it is. In Johnson City, Tennessee. Five, six, although George was up there teaching him the industry, I think it's a good start. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, and then made a hasty exit. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Here's a mobile and cool. Hello. Yes, sir? I'm going to all. He's in baby. I can barely hear you, sir. He's a baby making a big deal of this kid wasn't black. I beg your pardon? I don't think Robert Steinbeck would be. Well, okay. And the next thing, there's a rumor going out there that the fiddle is going to cut. Okay, great. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T. See, here, let me say something about Cheats. And I guess he figured compel the call. Oh, yeah. Ah, Jesus, what do you grammar what do you want? Well, I wanted to let you know that I call sometimes even after the Sabers lose. So the great game last night. Uh-huh. Very good. Yeah, it was. And I was rooting very hard for the penguins. Sabers turned out to be a much dirty or more desperate team than I thought they were. They have some very good skill players like Chotan and Defina Gano, but very dirty, holding and touching and tackling. The penguins won that game inspired us some of the worst officiating ever seen in my life. And the first two minutes of the game, Cycle Cough, just about butchered, Mary on the Moon. No penalty was called. And then you get the varada with that. And at least minimum four minute penalty gets two minutes. So the Sabers are very lucky that let me say again, should have been at least four. You don't have to draw blood for four. But the Sabers were very lucky that they were even in that game. Well, you know, Hacic seemed to keep them in it pretty good. And that's that. Well, what plus why he must have gone about 400 miles last night was he was he was he was he been in a high on a poor, poor, poor basis last night. Oh, he was all over the place. Yeah. And but that did you see that save by Chitney? Yeah. No, it's two Barnes who stopped an object. That was two Barnes. No, let me say it again with two Barnes who saved the one when the net was open there at the end of the second period. Two Barnes. Oh, okay. It doesn't bring it here. Every real hockey fans eye, every one of the 50 of us to hear in South Florida that to see Two Barnes and Marty Strocker. Yeah, that's it. Right, born and all these others play so prominently hearing the playoffs and Scott Melonby. But the organization here continues diluting and diluting the poor where we have nothing left. And the fan base for all of these teams continues getting smaller and smaller and smaller. Because you can't put the limber go out there on the table and sell it as Shattabriyan people are going to buy it. Totally totally. There's just no one out there of them. That's just, you know, keep to going. Well, he's he ain't keeping it going. Yeah. There's no interest. Yeah. Well, good luck to you tomorrow night Woody and the wish. Wish the leafs luck tonight. He's not listening to a word. I'm saying wish us luck. A buffalo. What Toronto series would be great. I'd rather buffalo. Okay. 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I was listening yesterday to the live. The talk of the kid that killed the teacher. Uh-huh. That kid knows exactly what he did and he killed somebody and he needs to go and serve his time for it. I'll just put a bit of controversy. And you don't feel responsible for it. Oh, everybody's responsible for the way this world is now. The Aziz kids don't know what's right and wrong. But I mean, if you go by that and you never get for anybody in jail. And so you really believe that you are responsible for it? Not directly responsible. The world is responsible. Not need directly responsible. There's a noise. There was the world responsible. Uh, no, we've gone to the bad choice of words. And maybe it's just a. If it's a way around exactly. If somebody is somebody else's responsible and how come all the other kids who are in the same surroundings as he is aren't bringing guns to his school and shooting teachers every day? So I guess I guess in which you're saying it right, it's just the he's just a screw up. He did it. He did it. He did it. He went and he caught the gun in front of the other kids. And then they're saying that he was going to take the gun to learn how to shoot it. He already knew how to shoot the gun and put the bullets and all that stuff. It's just the he knew what he did. Yeah, his buddy from South Carolina already taught him how to do the gun. And that's what it is. Uh-huh. They're going to keep it in the family, I guess. Okay, pal. Have a great day. Alright, he's it. 560560. Got many open lines here for some of his our reason. Father probably all watched in the trial today. Okay, said you're certainly probably me more interested. You know, I've already had 65 facts is that this already this fantasy the study says some Gaze can go straight. That's why I think that some blacks can go white. Oh, look at that. The lights are flashing must be an active God. Uh-huh. As you said, that said that. I said it's flickering like my name is. I hope for you. You want a wife and a family. Right. Dr. Robert Spitzer, a country professor at Columbia University in South Carolina who led the study. So as he can't estimate what percentage of highly motivated gay people can change their sexual orientation, but it's probably just about as high as whenever people can change their skin color. Right. So you can, uh, you can do your, uh, Anthony Perkins or whoever else and you can go get married and pretend to be something all you want to satisfy all these homophones. Or you just be whatever you are. The choice is yours, but don't waste anymore of my facts paper. I already had 30 copies of that and not interested. More fairy tales from the right wing from the good religionist like that Baptist minister that I've ducked 11-year-old girl and sexually abused their integral of the vagus. I guess you could say you took a gamble. What he did and lost. My hugely happens in Vegas. You take your gamble and lost and I have a lot of he had a good time too for a while. Is that line six out again? It's been that way for days now. Yeah, line six is out again. I just mentioned that I don't want to ruffle the feathers of engineering department because they're probably busy. Plain P. Nuckle. Or maybe getting the cards in there so the guys that work in the, uh, warmer across the hall can get their us. They're a thing to come in the door there. I mentioned that the other day. They were standing out there cool in their heels and I luckily for them walked down and took a leak and opened the door so they can get in and I heard one scream to the other. Gee George Corso told me two months ago he was going to get those cards over the door two months ago. And I maybe that's a message. Yeah. No, maybe the message is the George Corso way to do anything. I think that's a message. Yeah. Typically. Don't hold your breath guys and plus one. Try to do that in there anyway. Oh, each other. Eight minutes after 11 at 5.60. The WQM this mother's day is Sunday. May 13th. There is the other way around. Mother's day is this Sunday. Either way, look at it Sunday, May 13th. They after Saturday. Make mom happy by sending her bare ground gift. It was the Vermont bird, uh, teddy bear company. It's a fun original way to let mom know she's loved and appreciated. Your mom life or grandma will receive a beautiful bear handcrafted Vermont and personalized just for her with a candy and card. All delivered in colorful gift box. Just call her friendly bear counselor. 1800 eight to nine bear and choose from over 100 bears like to do it all mom or mom is boy with a heart shape mom tattoo. There's even a pregnancy bear. Taylor or a bear. Your mom's occupation or hobby with a nurse doctor teacher slot or gardening bear. Sending a bear grandma is a great of all trend of the flowers that your mom will offer. Sending bird to the office while the coworkers can see just how thoughtful you are. And you can be really big shot for a little while. It's so your job dance to get my own present from the kids too and the mother and comes set is really an empty idea. Think about it overnight and weekend. Leveries guaranteed. So called it. What we got at six o'clock again. And I guess I'm mad dogger heard him belly aching about it on Friday. Charged a little bit too much. The problem. So we have to go low rent district this week because the marlins run a west coast. So once again at six tonight we got. Oh god. Six to nine three hours. Might as well shut the transmitter off and save the juice. Did he say save the juice? Not a clock you got your busy crow and then nine thirty to pregame marlins at the Dodgers. Marlins one last night seven to six. I mentioned that in passing. Any interest? No. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay sir. Good. I hate to do this to you but it wasn't. It's not super important to me. But I like said it was too barn so I excuse them. Well it was it was forty five just happened. Okay. No. It doesn't really make a difference. Second thing was that the Bruins just signed robbers for Torica. They're new head coach. Yeah. And nobody here cares. All right. That's it. You don't know who that is. Okay. Sorry. Good job with the devil's there Robby. On story. They fired him. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. And for rise and wireless line. Let me see it again. This is not a baseball town. It's not a sports town. It's a horse and buggy town. Always has been always will be. It's a banana boat town. It's a early bird town. That's it. I mean if you want to be pissed off at me for saying that go ahead and be pissed off. That's the truth. That's not the way I like it. I'm not happy about that. But that's just the way it is. That's what you are. Hit him again Pete. Come on Pete. Five six seven. Five six six pound five sixty on the AT&T. And for rise and wireless line. Here's a mobile and North Miami Beach. Hello. Great. I watched passion just for that. All right. For the first time. Yesterday was pretty interesting. I guess it's got some kind of supernatural theme to it. Well I had the whole thing is a ridiculous here right. Which is in Bremlins. Goblins. You remember dark shadows? Yeah. That was great. Yeah, but this is more front than dark shadows. Yeah. I'm going to watch it again today. Too many fighting comments and dark shadows. Yeah. I don't feel responsible for it. You don't. And while the Robert Steinbacks going to be knocking on your door about three in the morning give you a lecture right to your face mister. Hey, since they're going to have the table set up next week for McVeay anyway. Yeah. Since eight and eight in Santa M in line. Put one under each arm would be good. Take them all down. Okay. Thank you. That's not a bad idea. Three for one. Woo. Five six seven. Five. Oh, you're cool. And Bart bear if you're heartless. Oh, yeah. I'm heartless. Nobody cares about victims like I said. That's why we have victims advocacy groups in this country. We shouldn't have to have those things. But we do because generally speaking, the victims, they're not very exciting anymore because they did say. So you don't see them being interviewed every five minutes on TV. Most of the time their rotors are grieving too much. They don't want to be bothered. Unless it's for a goldman once you're in order to get a TV show because it got a big mustache. Never see friend goldman in landing McDonald's again. No. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's a mobile and Western. Hello. Hello. How you doing now? Pretty good sir. Well, I'm not too strong for seeing some of sports town. But I have to disagree with you. I don't think it's any different than the other town. You know, uh. Wrong. Is that the end of my call? No, but it's just wrong. Your point is wrong. You're going to be your colleagues. So what you want? If we compare it to some other places and if they're looking at this per Pendant, maybe four mario. Picked for a second. That's where it is not a sports town either. Nobody ever sent a one. Well, I mean, how many cows we have to go through before we compare it. Well, see, but you'll see, well, this is what happened with their expansions. Sir, when they trouble they got greed and they wanted to squeeze a hundred million dollars out of franchises and split up a money amongst themselves. That's a plan. That's not the plan. You're talking to fans. You know, that's that's that's the business of sports. You know, if you're not letting me finish, the point being that they want to put Majorly franchises in the cities that couldn't or wouldn't support them. That's the point and that is the fans. Well, I could agree with you there for sure, but, you know, you take a look at a place like The Arc City. It got mass transportation. They've got population that doubles our size and they can get people to the ball games. Even midweek. Yeah, what about what about saying Lewis? What about? What about Detroit? They downtown stadiums. Detroit does. They're not they don't put anybody in that stadium. They just build them a brand new stadium. They're not drawn flies. Well, we're talking about self-slurting. You know, in our sports fans. You know, you weren't just talking about New York. Now, but if I mentioned someplace else that you don't know about, then we're talking about Self-slurting again. This is not a major league sports sponsor and it never will be. It never never ever will be. And the idea you can go 50 stadiums. They can be like the Taj Mahal. And if there's no interest in, why would they be going to a stadium and a place that they don't want to go to where they can't get to and have to pay an arm and like the park. Why are they going to go there when they're not going to the place we got now? I just feel like you don't, you don't keep fans of this area. No, no, I just ask you a question. Why would they be going there at the river for a while? Will they go to Miami if they won't go to the county line? Well, I'd have to say that if you can get into a downtown area where you can get people to get out of the office buildings. Midday. How many people are going to leave the office? This isn't Chicago where they have businessmen's ball games. This is Miami. How many people worked downtown? Do you work downtown? Well, take a look at the sky over there. There's plenty of businesses over there where you've got to be. Sir, how much time do you spend in downtown Miami? I spend virtually no time in downtown. Okay, good. Then call me back when you can talk about something you know something about. You know, it's nothing about St. Louis. You know, it's nothing about Detroit. You know, it's nothing about downtown Miami. But I'm being unfair to our great fans down here. Sir, I hate to break the news to you. I've been to Marlon games. Well, the first two, three years we had the team I went to a lot of games. Okay, and I sat there listening to the in-a-in comments of the idiots that were sitting around me. I've been to Tom. I've been probably to more Panther games in lessons. We had the franchise. The 99% of you put together. Okay. And up until this last season, I've been to every Panther home game when I was in town. Every single one up until this last year. And why did I stop going? Because I just lost my interest. Even though they built it like I could walk really from my house to where the arena isn't be along walk, but I could do it. I could walk there and back. I get free tickets. The only thing I pay for is my parking. And I still have no interest in going most of the time. It's lame. It's crap. You can't package garbage and try to sell it as steak. People aren't going to keep buying it. And you can't keep cranking the price up and up and up. And when winding and begging and peating. Oh, you got to build me a new facility. Because this one isn't good enough. Because I can't pay anymore millions. It's insanity. It's craziness. And especially in a place that's gotten excuse for everything. Why they won't do this. Why they won't do that. Or does a cloud in the sky? That's the good excuse to know what he's going today. This past Sunday was the most beautiful example I've ever seen. So the beach in Fort Lauderdale just janned with people. I mean hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people at a time for the year show. And if you're into the air show, fine. I'm not. But if that's your thing, fine. It's not a sport. I mean, if you want to see me dropping watermelons in the ocean, that's great. Rumors, they won't be doing that again next year. They heard my thread about the dark force catching out of that. Yeah. Nothing but scarcer there next year. If they find out there's watermelons in the ocean. Although they can't swim. But anyway. Watermelons can't. Watermelons can. But dark force can't. Now if a watermelon could float. They could ride them all the way in the part of that BTA program like I said back down for a car ride on that watermelon. Just keep the seeds in there to keep it afloat. That's good. Good lesson for it. But this guy wants to give me a he doesn't know anything about 80s other areas, but he's going to give me a lesson and a lecture. And then he uses Pittsburgh as an example. Pistboard, piece of crap sports town. They just built that place of loose stadium for the pirates. Are they going to be following that at all? No, because they they got a crap team. And he won a head good teams. They couldn't fill up from steel when they had good teams. They couldn't fill up three rivers they had no attendance. The only thing that they had to go there in Pittsburgh is because the football team. It's a one chill and just like here. It's an industrial town. It's not like a big mega lapel. This there Pittsburgh and never will be. It's a working class town. It's a blue collar town. It's not a city where they ought to have a hockey team. They have an NBA team. Of course not for good reason. But you know, I'm just keep watering it down and watering it down. I've more and more franchises, more and more millions and millions and millions. You suckers keep paying more and more your tax money. Keep paying more for your tickets. And the public is saying, I don't think so. But I'm the bad guy because I'm telling you the truth. And some of you sports nerds out there just can't you can't accept it. Just the way it is. Mobile in for a lottery day. Hello. Yes sir. Get a new phone pound coming on a phone that works. Some I could two ten cans of a string. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Going once. Going twice. Okay. Many many open lines. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon. Marble's fine. They want to talk about in the family of Brazil about the article I read by Robert Steinberg. Oh, about the Marlins about the stadium they're going to put through. I hope for my crook about the election in July. Oh, funny of these things now. They don't want to do it. Here's a mobile in dear feel. Hello. You can't even fill up your phone lines. We're going to fill up a dance stadium. Right. The bad say that many times it's right. David doesn't cost him a dime to call and I still can't get the heaven doesn't call. He doesn't think deal with his town deal is that everybody's from somewhere else. Everybody's home team is way up north somewhere. And they don't give a crap about this town unless it's something to see for free like the air show. Yeah. That's right. You're sure the air show was free. I never thought about that. Good point. Exactly. Yeah. But you don't do it. Actually the only game you feel I hate me for this. Probably hang up on me. But the only games I've really went to see was you went back from how was my other day. Yeah. That was about the only thing that was local. Well, why am I going to hang up on you for saying that? Well, I know you hate me. You end with a passion. But you know. I'm broadcast you end baseball for six years. Yeah. And you know something we had more people coming out for a load of those when they play their FSU or Florida. We had more people coming to those games than the mallins. Good for many of the games now. Well, exactly. That marked like field. They fill it up overflowing now. They fill up the stadium is the same proportion. But now these people at the end. It's a tourist app. It'll always be a tourist app. Yeah. I mean, look at how you still live at Tampa. That Tampa. We used to fill up the stadium there. You know, for any other doing a real good job for baseball or not. Well, I mean, I'm talking about the old. Sir, let me let me say that. They are they are drawing flies for baseball in Tampa. That franchise. That one will be gone before this one. Maybe the NBC. They need to do something like the XFL with the base. Yeah. Okay. Great. 560. Yeah. As a matter of fact, they probably get the same number of people to watch that is They're getting in the ball parks right now on here in Florida. Send a number of people to watch the XFL on TV and the same FBI. 999 people. See, I don't know what it is. It's like trying to convince people. It's like like this sun is out there. You know, it's walk outside. It's blue sky to sun is shining. Oh, that's the sun up there. Oh, no, it's not. No, it's not. Where do you see that? What are you talking about? You have to be deaf dumb blind. A total ass fool. Not to understand that this just ain't going to fly here. And I have one part of me that hopes that they actually because I don't live in Dave County. It's not going to cost me a dime. I am one part of me that hopes they're going to do go ahead and put it over on you again. So that people like Hank and some of the other people who keep riding the fence and keep waxing all romantic about, oh, I love baseball. Big stink and deal. It's just they're going to fly here. I love hockey too. And like I said, if they close down the team tomorrow, he's going to change my life. I'm second tired of wasting night after night and watching the same tired old people in their belly. I could about a G. Who don't even know what the other talking about. We got about 50 fans in that place. We even understand the game. And the rest of them are their cell phones. And they're out there milling around in the hallway with their social club. And you listen to the people behind you talking crap talking about stories about their fantasies and Vietnam and all of that. Just nonsense. And then the stuff that they are talking about that might even relate to the game. They haven't got our Chinatmins chance to have an idea of what they're talking about. Hit him again, Pete. Man. And there's a good test for you too. Anybody that's ever been to a sporting event in other cities as opposed to being the one here? Ah. Think about that test. That test of what this market's all about. 26 after 11 at 5.60 QM its mother's day very soon as in this Sunday, but there's nothing better than flowers to tell mom that you love her. But if you call any florist you like com for store locations. You're listening to real sports radio. You're a boy and I'm sad. Sports radio 5.60 QAM. Why are you airing like this? No. The Supreme Alls Update is 60 seconds. Middle and Jackie Junior starts to get hot and heavy. Jackie Junior gives us some X-Disney. But it's things he'd up. Middle falls asleep. Oh, he's so smooth. Then the Tony Routhey saga continues. Tony Stillmad that Ralphie killed the stripper and Ralphie's mad at Tony for hitting him. Tony wants an apology and Ralphie wants to become a captain. I want to be a captain. No. Then GDD guy Tony passed Ralphie over four poles and Elvis and guys on the toilet. Oh, so guess what? Ralphie becomes a captain. Tony wants to do a hot Mercedes Benz dealer. Dr. Melty's office and suddenly has an urge to buy that new Mercedes crew and has sex with the salesperson. This is the president. He pissed rise the Mercedes and the salesperson. That's going to win. Jackie Junior. He's drunk. He takes Jackie's car and drives it off the road. He's fine. Let's go. Frown off the day. It's 16 seconds. Fine. Number 31 at 5. 60. WCM. To enjoy George this Friday, 5.7 at the Shell location. 2600. 29th Avenue. Just west of on 95. And sure. No. That's why we used to work over by where a pack's news to be. Is queer channel in there? And that building? No. Oh, maybe you can stop by. I'll see you. Or if I buddy, what's the name Jack Mars? They're not dirty anymore. Oh. Is anybody in there? I don't know. Why do you can find out? Why can go in by seat Bob and Cheryl? Sure. Anyway, this Friday, 5.7 of the Shell Station located 2600 or 28th Avenue. Just west of on 95. And sure. And stop by enjoy free food from Atlantic City's subs where I remakes the difference. Well, when prizes, road analysts is in $10.00 gas cards while they land. Not that. That might bring somebody by. Okay. And also be cleaning windshields for everyone's who stops by. No, you won't. You won't. They have a squeegee. I'll clean one. Clean your windshield too. He'll look at that. And the windshield too. 5.7, this Friday, the Shell Station on Sheridan, would George, who's desperate to get somebody out there because it's embarrassing. Plus, I like saying squeegee. Okay. He likes to look at it. And he window too. 5.670560. How's all of the look at that? Mark and made a little comeback. There, look like it was going to be a disastrous day. It might not be after all. I'll get back to court TV now. Maybe I'll go to the teachers on there on the stand. And she's saying. Great answer was. Yeah. Great as it was. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I'm a schwarz who thinks Nate Brazil should be fried. Yeah. Okay. But I want to clear up a couple things about your stare, touching a bright people. Stereotypes and black people. Yeah. First of all, we do not all look for handouts. We do not all sticky, bonnick. Yeah. I wonder, I say you do. Well, hear me on now. No, I'm not going to hear you out of because you're. Yeah, I'm not going to let you miss state things that I've never said. I've never said that you all do anything. Well, we don't all share the same values. And my, what did I say that you do? Well, it's a team's like you do. If I want to stay with you, I could say, you know, you are your member of Manblock, because you're gay. You're an old gay guy. Not this way. No. Did I ask you if you were a member of a crime? Well, when you say Sparta, you know, it doesn't mean black. Yeah. So, you know, I'm assuming you stick about all black people. I mean you clopped us up into one group as if we're just one. Well, when I speak about all black people, I say what? Well, you, like just like you said about the air. You know, if I watermelon. Yeah. I thought in other words, you find that offensive. You don't find any human. No, but watermelon. Watermelon. Watermelon is that fried chicken and chillin. And I guarantee that they're plenty of black folks who are over there. The ocean right now digging in watermelons up. You know, you're right. You're right. So what's wrong with that? What's wrong with the free watermelons? That puts, I mean, you make it seem like it. So how are you saying that black people don't eat watermelon? Sure we do. So I told them how am I wrong? But I cannot speak for all black people. And you know, you kind of remit a black person in my life who didn't like watermelon. Well, I love you so much, but you know, a couple of things you say. It's still the stirp. And fried chicken, do you eat fried chicken? Churches are both jangles. Churches are both jangles. Huh? And I cannot can tuck you fried, right? Actually, I do like Kentucky fried. No, run, you're not black. That's the end of that call. He's not black, he's put on a voice. Black people. They're just like black people like Motown. They like Motown? No, they don't. They'd be like saying that black people like destiny's child. And in fact, I commend black people. I commend anybody who hates destiny's child. Because they make me nauseous. They. And then now we got 75 groups just like destiny's child. They all look to say in they all sound the same. They all smell the same. They all dress the same. They make me barfed as these child. Right? Right. Let's probably honey travel. I bet that's down on her. I like that. Does that mean there's a set of blueberries hill? 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. So what did I just say? Something about your horses? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. I would go to the Sylvester Stadium when we got rich sciences outside Killing Dungeon. Uh-huh. Okay. Good one. Great. Couser. I'm sure it took you at least what? 4.5 seconds to think of that. Uh-huh. Brilliant. Pretty dumb question today, but I had to make it simple because Eric is in town and he's busy eating all day. Errorson and eating seminar today. So we didn't have time to put a really meaningful question on our website. I probably won't get a big response. Do you think that most Americans take responsibility for their own actions? Uh-huh. No 23. And yes, too. Two people say, yeah. Of course there's no point having a full question if everybody's going to answer the same. But we got two people out there say, oh yeah. Most Americans take responsibility for their own actions. Yeah, I would read with that. Here's what my or so, hello. Hey, Neil, I know. Pretty good. Hey, we're looking that whole question you got there. Yeah, I agree. I think we need a building that's rodeo, where we are. Yeah, here you go. Uh-huh. rodeo. What's the question for all? Yeah, uh-huh. There he is again. World World Prison Tour. In fact, that's what he's been doing all day. We're going to twist netting, and throw in a squirt squirt. There he goes. That's what they do most of the time over their own West Coast. Uh-huh. World World, twist in the squirrel. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, but it's so sad. I still say that they like floated down the stream from Johnson City, Tennessee. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, why? That's right. Wal-eyed mugwums. That's the West Coast of Florida. We got some nice people over there in the West Coast, let's know us on 770, but 7-8. That's why they keep chopping a shorter and shorter over there. Because they're more into that real intellectual stuff like the stock market show. And then the Cleo going to have her bone show on there pretty soon. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and what's the uh, hold yet one? The rip off. We got a new one now. But, holy it. Haven't seen her? I don't watch the big TV. No, she got on the big TV. She's like, uh, all over the place. Oh, I don't know. I don't. I mean Cleo is not on Haitian TV or Jamaican TV. She's on everything. She's all over the place. She's on fire. She's on your bedspread. She's on your tablecloth. She's on your doily. In fact, I surrounded Black Doily that cane wears on his head. Yeah. Well, I'm turning every Sunday. It's part of my weekend routine. If I'm home between one and two. I'm going to say that public access station and there's Mr. Ego. With the uh, like, look and throw a negative photo print. I mean, you just barely make anything out of the screen, which adds to the ambiance of the whole thing. But you can't see that Black Doily's got on his head. And all the other funny body parts. It is special. Last week, he had some SNM guy. Big fat guy tied up with like a, and bondage, you know, with the whole thing. How much about 30 seconds of that? Not 30 million. I don't know. I don't want to fight out. He had a bigster conference. And it's a waste, too. 560, 560 pound fine. That's what I would say about that show. What a waste. Wow. Nice quarter. It's from Marlon's and Dutchers. Tonight he was with the Marlon's big fan horn and shot book. Shombe calling for a company starts with shivers. Reagles truck and hardball with a crow and knives. It's a dramatic Marlon's undecided 935. Ones, what's ready to go? 560 QA. I got two sets of left. Welcome to the biggest ding. Any of these five men in the studio tonight could win up to $1 million. They don't know each other, however. If they walk to win the money, they will have to prove to me they can be. The biggest ding that starts the clock. William, doing World War II, what US General referred to as Advanced Headquarters as Rucky Foward. A five-year. A three-sponsh robot. What also won the Pulitzer Prize in 1945 was novel the Bell of Adorno. Ernest Hemingway. John Percy. Charles, who became the first human to break the sound barrier while piloting the Bell X1 experimental plane. Blommy. Correct. Jerome, the Liberty Bell, practising 1835 while trawling in morning to death of what former government official. John Jake. I believe your pig ignorance and following the rules of the game will prevent you from winning the money. Goodbye. Oh yeah. Well then sit on my face bitch. Correct response. I will officially put you back into the game, Jrag Lucky You. Last chance to prove yourself to go to Richard Richard. What animal did Lewis Carroll's mad hatter insert into the pound twinkle twinkle little star? He I don't know man, but hey, insert this. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Congratulations by virtue of your meal stubbornness. Listen, please force you all the biggest ding. Hey, what can I say, but speaking. Prop 44 or 560 WCM speaking of eating things by the way. Here's a fact that we've received earlier this morning. I want to thank Diana the weight manager. Lots of name of the place, but the answer is no. No. Subject. Lewis the weight and keep it off. He says I know it's very difficult to lose weight and keep it off. And that's why I would like to introduce you to my company the weight manager. Our plans involved no shots, no pills and for that matter, no gimmicks. And the answer is still no. You don't understand where it keeps popping up here. We require cooperation and changing your eating habits, so we can help you make the right food choices. Now, I started reading this this morning and then I got to this part and that's kind of like it says our plans are based on the food pyramid. So you can make the right choices while eating and home or eating out at your favorite restaurant. So maybe go into a party. Yeah, we provide motivational support and constant follow up with you. So we can help assure your weight management success. But does that part sound like the same old. Yeah. We'd like to provide you a complimentary weight loss plan. No. We're convenient located in plantation. No. And please contact us at your earliest convenience at 9.54. Yadi Adi Adi. No. So we can start managing it together. No. No. Thanks to anybody dying and then I give you nice food quality. Also I'm a sister, Spaniwala says it's a bottom. No say I know they have a Spaniwala key. They speak it if you don't pick it up. Huh? Cosa voice. Come in, Dred. 5.670560. Pomp. No. No. Don't take that personal benefit for you. I'm just teaching George Simier to stay. She doesn't know what you said. Oh. How do you know? It's probably Jews over there. It's a weight loss thing. Hey, Jews are big on weight loss. And the good news we had the other day, why you were up there in what you call it? Intensi is guess who's still alive. Get the honey. He's very much still alive. I thought he was dead. So that was reassuring. It was a thought. We're always reading about all these celebrities who died. We're very sad about it for five minutes. Not much we can do about it. But once and why do you get good news? He's still alive. Get the honey. You ask a little penis. No, ask a little penis was you sonny lapalana. Right. I get him confused. I don't know who played who. I think Richard Keren was asked for a little penis. Was he? Yes, now. Sonny lapalana. I said sonny lapalana. Then somebody called up and said no. It's been so long since I saw the guy dead moving. I got that I need. Oh, yeah. Exactly. Somebody will know. I have a lot of people who are dead. So some facts of us spread out there. Do you hate the only? Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. The one thing that concerns me about this stadium deal. What is that? I'm drinking. Got all y'all and finger head. They're going to arrange it so that they vote to thing up or down. Probably during the summer. In July. July. More ons were here. Huh? So there's no children. If we're going to have another special election in July like they did with the party sales tax that on the gas and whatever that was, the roads that tink of Peking you tried two summers ago. Right. That's actually. And they probably figured they can put it off in July this year because I won't be here this July. That was two years ago. I was here. I won't be here. Yeah. Well, anyway. That's what concerns me. So I'll keep an eye on it. Listen on this Brazil thing. Do you think the guy should be tried as an adult or in juvenile court? Adult. And they too because Randy's just freaking out. She's like, uh, well, let me ask you something. When you're talking about a bleeding heart liberal like that bitch. Who cares whether she's freaking out? Have a great day pal. Not interested in what she's thinking. Are you interested in what she's thinking? No. She's freaking out. She's freaking ridiculous. 567560. She's just freaking. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I mean, you lemon's out there. They want to be led down the garden path by some of these professional old job for Bucketower. Want to be top show host. I feel sorry for you. Some of you professional the answers out there. Some of you light bulb people. Life isn't a top show, okay sir. This is a top show. This is my life. This is, no, it's not my life. This is my occupation. This is what I do to make a couple of bucks. Associated with a volcano. Associated with a volcano. Squared, squared. Go. Peter North. The place the islands where there's one going that way. Why? Not pulled up. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. The one up in Washington. Uh-huh. Uh, these are leftover in a few minutes. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh, what it does? The Ups and it's going. Like this one. Look at this. Another word is a extra. Yeah. Cool thing to do with that, I know. Nice going here. One of the greatest shows in a history mankind, nobody doesn't like pyramid. If you don't like the pyramid then you're, and you're, you're y'all telly right now, you're an asshole. Okay. I don't wanna start telling bush ploss with you, Ben. Telly, wait till they like him. a major major asshole you're breathing a lot of air that somebody useful could be breathing just keep that in mind don't take in personal unless you want to. It's a great show not a good show it's a great show not as good as passions though that's cause Miguel's not on here. Here's a mobile and hell and they're or Timmy mobile and hell and they'll. Okay sir. I'll find on the stadium issue. Yeah. I don't think they need it. I would give it to them. They can't have my money for. Yeah. But the one called Nathan Brazil. I think it should be tried as a no. You see all the posters. 10 20 life. But yeah no one is capable for the reactions they do what they want to do and then it comes to what he's a minor. Well he didn't know. Well yeah. It's only some sort of excuse and nobody can say something. You know I'm there you go. You saw me. Both the trigger shot the guy in the head. You know me. What's you know why why is there anything to be over a lot of these people. Because we have a lot of bleeding hearts out there who don't want to make people accountable for what they do in a course every and those people do such a reprobable damage because every time that they start bleeding with a with a balloon he here just like Robert Steinbeck. It like sends a message out there. Oh well look at behind you will get you off next time. Go ahead and do it. Yeah. Now we need to be careful. Whenever you got the gun. You have to be all the gun. Right. Amen. Okay. FNA. 560. 505. 50. 560. 560. On the AT&T. And you ever see the 666. I'm kind of the Carlos got his haircut. You see the 66 on this for it. No. No. This is the anti-Christ. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Hey. You know it held you so enjoy a pretty good black rider. I know it's the Ohio High School. I don't remember her not. She's like really hosting college. Yeah long time ago. I guess she just did well. Well what do you mean when you have hold on now? What does that mean? What is that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? She's right. You know nothing controversial. Nothing ethnic nothing. Swanted nothing racial. Well what's wrong with writing something controversial? I don't want to read man be pambi. There's nothing wrong with being controversial. But writing this skill at he wrote today. This is a garbage. But even one of the issue is clearly. I hate to say anti black when I will. He's still side on his own behalf. The issue is black. This is a black and white issue here. He always seems to make it that way. Him and pitch. Yeah. Let us another one. Right. And have a great day. See you have not understand it. There's nothing wrong with having somebody writing about something of substance as opposed to a pop column which I don't want to read pop columns. But at least write something that makes sense. See the guy's got a like part right. He just didn't see expressions of self well. No, there's that word again. No. He's all over the place. All over the road. Kind like the music on the coast. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlese line 72 votes. Not a very good poll question. I apologize. But Eric is busy eating all day today. Hello. Yeah. To take one day out of his very busy schedule. He had to take a weekday and in order to maintain that gigantic growth of his. Yeah. Go on and eating seminar from a breakfast till late night snack. And so he we did. He took about five minutes out to like flip this thing up and that's it. Five minutes out to flip it. And then of course, we spent a much time eliminating because when he eat nonstop. Wow. 72 votes. You think that most Americans take responsibility for their own actions. 77 votes now. Yes, 65. What is it? I mean, no 65. Thank God. And yes, 12. I want to give you a kiss. Wow. 12 people say yes, they take responsibility for their own actions. Or maybe what they mean is 12 people in America take responsibility for their own actions. That's it. We haven't found those 12 yet. But we're looking for them. Here's homestead. Hello. Hail. Yes, sir. Question. Did you see the article in the Harold say that John Bobbick wants to get that night that was used in auction at off? No. Yeah, it was in the in the like the second page that Harold apparently were holding in the courthouse. They're holding it in the courthouse. Yeah, the night too. Nice. Also, no phones service on Sunday for Cuba. Yeah. And let me maybe borrow the knife. Well, it's really amazing the things that really turned some of you people on like I said before. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Woo. Like that facts about Stephen King is buying some mansion in Sarasota. So, who cares? Somebody was the perfectly good sheet of my facts paper. The facts me that there's a rumor. Stephen King is buying a nine million dollar mansion somewhere by Sarasota. Well, why does anybody care? Do I care about Stephen King? No, where he lives? No. How much is place gone? No. Get a life. Get a freaking life. And have a nice day. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvel Slime. Over gone for the 25,000. Here we go. Down we have it. Here's a one down dick. I'm going to ask everybody to be nice. No quiet. There is no time. Quiet, please. Actually, coming up. Here's your first step. Go. Go. Uh, the campus classroom classroom professor. Things in school. Things in the campus. Things in part of the college. Um, I think that I'll talk to my friends here in the 50s in the college. You show. Uh, I'll let you go. What on the 30 night? What fun to listen to you, David? David. David. David. There you go. Listen a lot of times. Let's draw the auto. How are you done? Good. Next one. I made up for a little bit. That's a lantern. Black man. There's a little bit of a week. I'm asking. My little little. You are the little thing that hurts. Things that hurts. Things that we talk. Oh, there you go. That was for them. Here we go for the big money. Uh, go on over here. Uh, dirty clothes. Things that are bleached. There you go. 25 grand up there. Five six seven, five, sixty. You didn't find that exciting. I find it. I was fascinating. You were one. Somebody was talking to me at the time. About one. About nothing of consequence. Oh, I've had a lot of those. Here's mine for somewhere. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I've been sitting here listening to this for a couple of days about the stadium and then hit me like a ton of bricks. Really? I think it's a bush ballet between Japan, George W and John Henry. They're gonna. Because off the people down here, they're gonna say there's not gonna be a stadium. John Henry's gonna move the team to Washington and baseball's fair or it's worth a ton. No, George. They're not moving. They're not moving to Washington. The Orals won't permit it. It was not gonna happen. Oh, I don't know. Let's hear my word. Let me let me say it again, sir. It's not going to happen. Read my lips. It is not going to happen. No. No. 5, 6, 7, 5. I mean, talk about convoluted logic. Somehow now we got the bush boys and I have no love for either one of them as you know. But now the bush boys that we responsible that nobody goes to baseball games down here. And John Henry made it bad deal with Wayne. I mean, you talk about really stretching it. Man, that thing's going to break pretty soon, but if you don't stop stretching it. God. Talk about lack of logic, lack of common sense. But he's been thinking about it long and hard. And yeah. Wow. Give it your best shot. Come on. Here we go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Permanice till noon at 2am. Where are the bargains out? Tell you where they are. I'll tell you where to go. The bargains are at the Swap Shop over 88 acreage. Oh, I got good news in bad news. But good news is somebody sent me my own remote controlled pharmacy in the bad news is it doesn't have any batteries in it. We got a remote controlled pharmacy in what size batteries. I don't know because it's got a screw a screw down thing. Would like a little tiny Philipsen. You got a tiny little Philipsen. Here's my an interesting part of it is even though there's no batteries when I press the button on their remote all the lights. So a blink again in the air. Remember like I did before? Yeah. Watch. Oh, geez. There you go. I won't take my remote control. I won't be taking that whole thing out here because I know you. I'll never see it again. God. And we got another letter from Richard Mullen area. Richard, I'm two of the best I can for you. But don't be a chronic. Then we spent a lot of time on him yesterday trying desperately to get this poor bastard to drive the Miami fanatic. Wait for this to be pictures. And Richard sends me another letter today saying hello how are you? I wanted to write and say a very big thank you for talking about me on your show to the amazing as in yesterday. So we in a waste any time here it is when they may 9th just one week before we're going to execute Tim McFey and here's another letter from Richard Mullen area. And another card from the Miami fanatic. I had several people mentioned to me they heard about me on your show. I'll let you know as soon as I get a job. No that's okay Dick. Good luck to you. And here's another page. Hopefully that'll be real soon because standing on the concrete sidewalks where I was each stay because of my knees and back to wake. Stay hello to George R for me. Hello George R. What from Richard Mullen area the Miami fanatic? Oh yeah you know him. When I used to do those remotes with Rick Weaver out of the stadium he was weaver. You remember Rick Weaver? He used to do he used to have been most with Rick Weaver. Remember when Gary Bruce was trying to get me to quit by a finding me double duty and sports talk remotes twice a week and driving the van around and setting up equipment. The fans are beginning to blew the blow the who the place elections. They're blowing the place election yeah. Anyway he was always there at the stadium. Where's he now? He is on a clear street right now. Well anyway he says the stay out of Jordan is another page it says if I can ever be of any help by showing up a one of your charity fundraises I'm glad to do so. Oh no so Richard no thank you. Also know how to get people to dig deeper in their pockets for charity. No thank you but good luck to you and stop writing me so many letters. This is a good guy we wish him all the best in the world Miguel said he's a good guy. George said he's okay never stole a freight train. So how's our thought machine come? We got batteries yet they took my pack of batteries out of it and the fart machine out of here so I don't know so they're working on it right now and it says it's advertised in the Howard's Brum show how do you like that? I've only got AAA batteries I hope those are the right. It says no we're louder realistic parts. Louders wait yeah and where we look already have one though like we do yeah it's in the cabinet somewhere. We have a fart machine same exact. I'm not good. Sure it's good. Oh we had one back at IOD the old building. Oh this is from Long Arms also it's not from America's East Short Arms to have a longer. Do we know who Long Arms is I have no idea. It says you have a great show I'll listen to it every day while I work. I'll talk about through remote control fart machine so I'm sending you once you can try it out on Hank. Hey press the remote that's over there I put it away over there. Oh geez holy crap. Oh give me my thing now thank you. That's pretty good. Different farting. I don't know about better. Oh this would be great on the elevator don't you think? Oh yeah that would be great on our elevator. People are already peeing in their pants that they're not going to make it back to the first floor in that thing and they're usually probably right. Oh this is great you mean we've got one in the cabinet we haven't made great use of this. This would have come in tremendously. Yes we ran the batteries out of it you know we put it behind the brick and a run out of gas you might say right from the old that's beautiful and it's got a remote control button. Not wait a minute wait wait a minute are you pressing the button in there because this one is just farting spontaneously now. Oh no. Oh interchangeable remote okay there. Great and I'm sure when we get the batteries in this one. Yeah get those batteries open there and I'll be yeah we have a call our own farting contest. This is sensational so thanks a lot of long arms. Oh I see if anybody else is interested I see here somebody who sells them. I thought it was somebody just being nice and bought us one is Hank in the building today. Yeah yes sounds like Hank. Hey let's not forget the stuff he said yesterday about waffle and a ballpark thing. I'm you know I'm just thinking since we have an extra one. The verdict is out on Fatsom I'll tell you that he got me crazy yesterday with a you know waxing poetic of a baseball and they got a nice young team and yeah big deal that in 40 cents a bite half a cup of coffee okay about a quarter of a vehicle. If anyone's interested it says I saw on eBay for 1995 each my eBay ID is Lossie long arms or are they can put a testing on that's great. Now is yours hooked up yes. Oh oh now the best part of it is it works in stereo when you get that one hooked up. Here we go. Great but the best part also is they're not doing the same one. Beauty I like that. So it's like a twin horror kind of like the old days. Yeah. Anyone can buy one on looking at Carlito one. They're not going to do that. Carlito one. Carlis actually didn't even read this. Carlito wanted prodigy prodigy.net. I don't know. His eBay ID is long arms that's the best bet. They're 95 and well we're fit twice the price I'd say. Yeah they got a remote control as advertised on the head of this into Howard's Burm Show. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's a call in Perrine hello. Hello hey. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great first thank all. All right. Listen all I think I have a disagreement with you at the Motown fam. You can't believe it. This is the second time you said it. Black people didn't listen to it. Well all I can tell you now how old are you? Well then you should know because what I was in Detroit the ideal was they always used to say that more time was for a black music for white people and the black folks wasn't like James Brown and all kinds of other stuff. No well I don't know about them but in Cleveland. Did you spend any time in Cleveland? As old as possible. I did want to go to Northfield down to Cleveland we lost the ration that I was in. I also went to a Brown's a Giants football game in 1960 that was the end of it. Well Motown used to come to Cleveland a lot at the different Motown review and stuff. No one of they wanted a business here. But Motown was my sound. It was the sound because Dove on all the things they can still know the words as being so. I agree with you. Well I feel better knowing that Dark Souls like Motown is a lot better than hip-hop crap. I'll tell you that. And definitely those songs won't last past the year you won't even know the words. Thank God. And if I was chicken go which place we like to eat that? Yeah. That's a matter. We just love chicken. We love ball, fried and we even love jerk chicken. jerk chicken yeah. That's right folks. You know it is no choice of where we go to chicken. How about jerk pork? You could probably get some in this neighborhood. Yeah well they weren't loads of them. I can't even probably get some good jerk chicken for you. Yeah you put like you put lime juice on that? Well lime juice on jerk chicken? Mm-hmm. No it's a seasoning that you buy it. It's a Jamaican seasoning. They made the one of the Caribbean season and rubbed all over the chicken and it's picking it up and it tastes good. But if you don't know what about watermelon? What about watermelon? Don't you know? It's on the top of the list. There you go. Black people said that never say that watermelon time they ran the hat and the front of the page or something. Advertise when they had a black person eating watermelon. I wouldn't have said that by that cause watermelon. When it sees I look for the season every year the begins. I think about me at night big watermelon. It tastes good. And it also comes in handy for a jerk in pork too. Have a great day pal. Five. And you have a jerk pork with a watermelon? Five six seven. Oh five five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marlis line. This thing is just astonishing. Oh yeah. Just when you think they're done sometimes it's like a second they get a second wind. Stereo. Moat to everyone. They're all stealing. And you'll never guess what the cancer and over to the yesterday morning. Monday we did the Farts because we got this great CD but pull my finger. So anyway the yesterday morning cancer and over doing a fart show. And Dan LaBaz did right. It says I have a feeling he listens to your show. 20 questions with Marlis catcher Charles Johnson. TJ. One. From this is from Dan LaBaz. You have to have a funny story over the years about someone breaking wind in the batter's box. How do you like that? How Dan LaBaz did is farting in the hero. See Neil Farts wants and all of a sudden they're farting all over town. Just like that. Five hundred twenty five votes on a pool. Do you think that most Americans take responsibility for their own actions? 19 years. No hundred and six. Hundred and six eighty five percent say no and that's the correct answer of course. Here's another fact that says I know you're always wondering if some people are still alive or some have died. This website might help. Thank you Jonathan and the cables. WWE WWE dot who's alive and who's dead.com. That's cute. But I must cover a lot of territory. WWE WWE dot who's alive and who's dead.com. I wonder for a friend is on there. Sonny Laplana. He's alive. They hit him with five pizza pies. They still alive. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I'm a big baseball fan and a model in Spain. And I go to a game very occasionally as the season goes on and it gets hot and the range become more unpredictable. It'll be less and less. But what I don't understand of doesn't seem to come out. Here's this guy Henry. What expects me to drive like an hour and hour and a half because I gotta go through the rush hour to get there and all these complaints and everything. Some legitimate that these people have. Why should I leave my house when I can watch it for here for basically for free and not only that but I get to see plenty of other baseball games. You know they're giving it to me for basically free and then he's saying you know come to the hospital, spend all your money and come here. You're missing the point. He doesn't care where they've built it. I mean he would have preferred by Centennial Park because he might have actually been successful there but in his mind anyway. But he hasn't cared as long as somebody will build it for him. So I understand that but I'm a baseball fan that I don't even support it. Right. So the fact that most of the time during the week I'm not going to go period the game. I'm going to watch it year and you know nobody seems to bring out the fact that you know maybe a lot of people follow the Marlins and watch the games but they're not going to go out to the ballpark no matter where he's going to. But a lot of people don't watch the Marlins and follow the games. Their TV ratings are a visible their miniscule. How many people do you probably would know how many people watch the Marlins game on TV? I have no idea what the more they're in the stadium I bet. Probably. Yeah so that you know that all these games are going corporate. It's like that movie rollerball you know it's not about you stare anything a lesson's corporate people it's about you know TV and pretty soon he'll get smart and they'll start either blocking out games or start charging. It's not going to make it say if they blacked out every game is going to make a bit of difference. You probably right people still wouldn't you go out they just start paying more to watch it on satellite if they wanted it. And maybe you're missing the point most people don't care don't you get it the number of people are watching you could have fumbles and ever from the Chinese army most people don't care you just can't get that through your mind. That's true that's the other thing this is not a major league baseball town it's not a major league anything town it's not I don't know what you're laughing about it's not the dolphins do. That dolphins do well the dolphins is like it's been here for 35 years okay that's the one thing they go there to tailgating to get drunk you know it's a redneck thing that's why it does well here. Plus it's only once a week right that's right and it's only eight times a year yeah so John Henry you know do whatever you want to make some difference to me with no matter what you do I'm going to watch baseball either way so it's no skin off my ass okay thanks. Thank you. Well that was good time we went up beautiful. Wow thanks for the good talk up. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's for a lot of Dale hello. Hello. Yes sir. Well this is a voice in the past this is a Edward Alley. I was on your show one time with Neville and Maria O'Hare. Wow. You feel that is going back huh? Uh-huh. Something new. How she doing by the way she's still dead? Oh cats what I'm hearing. This is door now. This is I say this is new. Oh and you know you're also new about 12 years ago. And that is it's a nobody will touch it. Great story of the nobody will touch it. Yeah. And that is the discovery of the factual nature of existence. The fact will nature of existence. Why what is that mean? The scientific discovery of the factual nature of existence. The factual nature of existence. Yes. Yes indeed. But the problem is it messes up everything else. But what is the scientific story of the factual uh whatever you said? Okay. Quantetistics bump down the brick wall before backing up about 1890 and so come along 50 years later this engineer from General Electric recognized that he had had a that there was needed a an unindicive means approaching fundamental physics. Does it good? 11 years ago. Yeah. So he approached it on the basis of motion. So we have a new system and it works. The push for motion to basket. Yeah. And uh I'm not one of the major. Well let's say what are you talking about? Well I wanted to condense this to something that the average more I'm can understand like us. What are you talking about? Well uh nature doesn't care about the average more on it doesn't care about Well that's what we're talking about. More like a conversation. See if you're going to have a conversation that's going to be meaningful. You have to explain it in terms that we can understand. Okay. Well otherwise it just kind of across the double talk which is what it sounds like to me. All right. But do system shows the new system. Yep. That's what this is. Okay. Does new physics system shows that existence is a continuum based on motion. Yeah. And uh so it goes on and on there's no beginning. There's no creation. Yeah. There's no endpoint. And that's nothing new. That's just a concept of infinity. There's nothing new. Yeah. But for this is the first time that they're assigned to the crew from it. Yeah. This is the thing. And this is something that can't be recruited. So but uh I'm not a video will touch it. No of course that's not good for business so don't make any waves over there. There you go. Okay. There you go. See how to mad a little and John by the way. I say have a great day. 567.560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. It's undulating. It's it's moving and it's rolling and it's uh I'm going and it's infinite as gigantic and vivid massive as required. He would say. The McKay since you what he was just talking to try to come up. What? 567.0560 pound 560 on and he was on my show years ago. What does that tell you? Yeah. That's the kind of shows I used to and I'm still apologizing for not to the audience to myself. I still have some uh brain matter left up there for for those shows. How about Holy Joe? Come on Holy Joe. Holy Joe. All of the Getskies are used to put on the air was fun and it's day. You know I'm gonna head it. They had their moments. All the rabbis, the rabbi would the jury which there's gunna just had all of these things. Speaking of jury which you're how's he doing? He died. Right. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. How you doing today? Okay. Listen, your whole question is very suitable for today's topic. I think it's gonna be all of the news later on today about this kid on trial. But so what they are all about? Nobody seems to want to talk about the kid on trial. I read that whole article by Robert Steinbeck that I'm sure so commentary that he wrote and I had a little bit of the audio from this testimony on here and nobody wants to talk about it. I see that in it's reason is I get to kid to there's already proven as pointy. He's he is guilty. Also this point is out still in time while looking to before you came on this morning. Yeah. And they did use the F. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Oh no. I'm seeing it. I'm seeing it. Roger. If you missed six of these as other kid, did nobody even doing. He did say I pulled the trigger. Right. And then when they asked him to show how to demonstrate how to go off-backs and Ellie, he couldn't do it. Exactly. They gave every charge saw that they gave every chance of the world they put the gun in his hand and how does this thing go off-backs to that. And he couldn't do it. I don't know. Because it can't. And it won't. All right. And you have to get there. And you too. Take care. Okay. Let's see. In Rikai, right. This really gets me pissed off on about through the presidential election. There was a search of oath for some new train. Yeah. Yeah. No. No. They were talking about that bullet train. That was just a theoretical. I was just, would you like it? Well, what is this all about? Also, I'm not against the new state and provided out of John Henry or baseball players' pockets. Okay. That's good. I'm a final owner. May white Julio 31 years old who eats watermelon. Who will be a sea of watermelon? Well, everybody likes watermelon. I don't know if he does it. I'm just saying that dark folks eat watermelon. That's part of their signature. Is, you know, after they do the crime, they leave the pits. And Ellie, now come on. That's bad. Seriously. If you do the, and that what John and Conquins says, if you do the crime, leave the pits. Uh-huh. Like that. Or spit them out. When it doubts spit them out. And, uh, it says, uh, I read this on the web today and it pissed me off. Comes a day after the judge ruled with a myth that I'm one one tapes that refer to a wrong way driver on I-95. The judge just gets to rule on whether or from it the father we have an incident, the trial of David Ferrell. Damage of comments made to an FHP, uh, patrol the night of the crash, which includes visual re-re-re-re-creation of the accident. He says, what the F, were you doing on a wrong side of a well-known expressway at that time, if you weren't drunk? Excellent question there and Ricky. Excellent question. You know, he went through that sobriety thing and he drank the booze. Oh great. See, to me, that is, it's more that's worse that makes it even worse. If you weren't drunk, what kind of a sober FHP or any other human being are you driving on a wrong side of your rather road? Kill that bush, wardsor. In closing he says, an offennial Brazil on the Punky Kid that killed the sister during the extreme wrestling practice should be fried. No offense. This is my personal feeling. They knew exactly what could have been seriously heard any more by the rations, etc. and so on. And he says, what happened to the cops, cops caught a prostitution, mean not much, little slap on the wrist and not much. No headline, no big story because it's not a big deal. In this town. Well, the guy costing about A-Rotten and making me want to two hour please. Okay, you got it and Ricky, you got it. And by the way, no extra charge. 567560, on the AT&T line. Yeah, I'm watching. This is Dawson. We're ready to be the same together. No more things. One two you said a court check. So are they set? What is that? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? That's one of those other stuff. What are you doing? Three, oh number one air. Yeah, come on. Let's get to our occupation associated with cars. He's a no guy in the world. What's his name? What's his name? Oh, that's a good 18 points. Four five. Yeah, let's go. Come on. Yeah, the door that's loose. We're ticking around. So are they set? Do you want? Mechanic. Mechanic. Somebody answered. They're picking up on the show. Come on. Oh, he's back. You said. Yeah. Cats got to be number one. What is that? Wow. How about a good? That's a good number. They think fish was number one. Well, the fish. Graduation gift. You said you'd let him want a turtle. Yeah. I guess that wouldn't be bad. That's not a lasting gift for what they have. The excitement. That's what we get it over with already. 13 points for five grand surveys. There he is. Hey. Okay. Laser.com. So you laser institute. Located at 4300 West Oakland Parkville of Art In Fort Latterdale. You too. Well, see why you'll be saying. Thank you, Dr. Paneu. Oh, you're pretty nice. Why is it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be a student. I'll play this TV. And you'll go on a date. Yeah. That is a project. Do you see? Do you see? It's been a two day. It's been a two day. It's been a two day. I think I'll keep you. It wasn't actually a thing. I suppose the cabin is here. Yeah. Yeah. Jolk. I'm 60 WM20. You know the chronic. Yeah. It's part of the Bahamas. No. He's a chronic and he's an idiot. He says the finalist someone got a ride. He was right on. You just missed the call about bush in South Florida. You see the bush is coming. Come on, Freddy. He starts with one. He comes spewing out. And the facts is to. Why did you hear this? To show you how out of the loop Freddy is. Do you remember if you ever heard the farting contest. It was at least 40 years ago I heard it. And he goes on to describe it about the announcement. He described him. Freddy. Freddy. Freddy. Freddy. Freddy. Thirty hundred and three hundred. See that guy? He's fucking so beautiful. And Two Friedcks19. He specializes for fertig with an order. Very good, yes. Three f**kies. He gets plenty of viralESC spread a lot of things are coming in. After years of deepening on the grunting. No, not with his guns. Others like to. So you'd be interested in a quick internet photos and Conce a video clip number between first hairling. Yeah, yeah, like if you got somebody else coming in interview for your job, you don't want to get it Just like put it under the chair where they're gonna be sitting. Oh, I don't think so. I just realized they got another appointment School would be good. Maybe put it under an Nathaniel's desk. Of course you might not like that Oh, put it under that Dan while he's testifying. Yeah, put it under the stand on Nathaniel's test that he'd be testifying Yeah, Judd recall instant recess probably think so. Oh, yeah Just to involve a nifty and a car would be good. Yeah, on the plane under your seat on the plane on a long transit landing flight Oh, payback is a bitch. Yeah, yeah In fact the next time I get one of those asking your face guys in the business class That wants to bend over and talk to his buddy for a fall and sticking his ass in your face while those big fat Dutchmen like that one trip back on this Excellent five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon how about it a wedding would be good on your honeymoon night Yeah Here's having children hello. Yeah, how about a funeral deal. Yeah, that would be that would be good I was thinking of an idea of how to fill that baseball stadium. Yeah, if they leave a wise cock fights and showing between the hitting You're a show that you're a cock fights in between all the enemies and strip shows are be good. That would guarantee to Huh, on a serious touch. Yes, how do you regard Mike Wang is a hockey officer? He used to be great and unfortunately for whatever reason I know he said some contractual problems with fast you know are you talking about last night's game? Well, no, I've heard him on a number of occasions. I mean it puts a lot of sewing this into his body. I mean that's a stick But Mike used to be one of my very favorites, but lately he's really split the few notches in last night at that was watching I didn't think it was blacked out on a big date on this small dish and last night I guess because it went into overtime and they have it on a timer The overtime was on and I'm pretty dismayed with his performance last two scenes. He's still entertaining, but not what he used to be He just doesn't to be the end of it anymore. Yes, well, you're like old line and he's not okay Okay, and by the way Mike sends a message for him. I mean he's a good guy Mike. I like him and he's a friend and I was somebody else say oh, yeah Neil Rogers ripped you. No, I'm not ripping him. I'm just saying he just the last couple of seasons Doesn't seem to be up to his usual brilliance self like that winning cool life play before my stroke a last night. He almost blew the call and then he's got any Old check laughing like I got a lot of hockey fans down here. Don't wait boy A lot of baseball fans. No The guy made a good pump before the reason there's so many people at the show number one was outdoors number two No, I take that back. Number two was outdoors. Number one was free. That's the main reason. It's free Go to the beach was a nice sunny day and you go see a bunch of crap and they put on a show for him even if he had interest it. It was free Even Joe cost none of us over there. Why because he lives over there. He said if I said if you let that pop me, would you go under the air show and he said oh chance the way Jose And I said more about you Jose and he said okay, here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, Neil. How you doing? Good. Thank you. I wanted to comment on a piece done by Peter Jennings on Monday night about genocide in the Congo in the Congo Yeah, Congo were were two militiamen were swinging a human jump rope at the edge of a bridge about a hundred foot high And swung him over the bridge when he landed in the shallow water. He was still alive in the militiamen started shooting at him with What appeared to be M16 right? Wow sounds like what we didn't Vietnam all those civilians Incredible, huh? I thought it was a horrible experience Being used as a human jump rope being tossed over you know a bridge. Yeah You know something this probably would come handy then too. Oh, gee, he just went over to bridge Wow hey, let's see. You can't blame him, can you? I'm probably what? 567560 pound five 60 on the 80 and Verizon wireless line. This is just open up a whole new avenues you part of that expression Wow, these are explosive right as opposed to the old stale ones that you used to like the stale ones on the on the airplane Huh, Mr. Wood at musty charcoal 21 till a noon speaking of stale and musty your carpets maybe just like that if you haven't had him cleaned recently If he'd like to give him a smell and just like brand new. I mean lemony fresh and looking like new Broad concepts are the folks who can do it their miracle workers This is about the only miracle. I believe in the world and that's dry concepts Because I've had him in my home for about 20 years now and every year they come in and clean my schmutzy marginal looking carpets and make them look just like I had brand new carpeting laid on the floor And of course after that while they're doing the cleaning they applied disinfectant the no extra charge and that's why when they finish your carpets do smell like a mahaya Lemon fresh and they give you written guaranteed price right upfront before they touch a thing before they start doing his job Here's what it's gonna cost you no rip off no tack on this to pin and 50 in Toronto anybody here know what that is no way to hear this 64 jail this mommy did cops break up a cockfighting ring. Oh, I'm sorry break up a price rate of the cockfighting ring operated in sparsely populated northwest mommy dead county confiscating 18 roosters 23,000 dollars in resting 64 people what are they gonna do with all those cox? One man with charge without waiting illegal cock fights and felony to others recharge with felony cocaine position and cocaine. Oh, no Not only the operating cock fights, but there don't in blow and two and 60 lot of those were charged with taking part in illegal cockfighting and Misdemeanor according to a release issued by the mommy date police department The cops were confiscated by the Americans Society for the Prevention of Cruelty animals police said a list of the names arrested Monday's rate was not immediately available for release the tech of NS of Cook said today How do you not necessarily not the cockfight sounds appropriate to watch though, and we have that in here. Yes, haven't played that in a cool age. Huh? Stabbitos. Oh, stop it. Oh, it's a spik thing. I see We're gonna see. They're gonna get upset just like the blacks with the watermelons. I sure hope not We make fun of them too. Oh, yeah, how about watermelon? Yeah, I'll tell you where I'm going to go In my 80s heavy low rider drum who joined the other who Leo I have ages in the back where I carry my cock you can hear a doctor's duty And it's like you want to kill them all the bends on it. I win all yours Have a good night, actually got fight to catch my friend old baby When you're surprised, the red and light is the barbaric in the way you be Well, there's more hate for land to end, fool you Whose cock's love pretty good, girl, stay arena you can see the pector we know Growing stiff as a black of wounds We use cock's heart and as an elephant To cover what we do inside Behind the curtain all the macho guys are given a week to his bandic brown eyes Have a good night, catch my cock's eyes Who cares what we know to eat When you're so pretty, red and light is the barbaric in the way you be Well, now that I've got to catch my heart Who cares what we know to eat When you're so pretty, red and light is the barbaric in the way you do be I know exactly where they had the right because I've driven on the pulmetle Because you drive right by there and you know I've never seen the billboard It's one of the factions put a lot of it as you can't beat our swords Casting that It's 13 to 1 at 5.60. If you have here's a fact that says you think there's any correlation between bush and chainy taking office And the price of gas possibly reaching 2 to $3 a gallon Ah, of course It's a rainy correlation, my god So I guess this is a correlation between the fact you get in the soaked in its pouring rain outside You know standing there with your thing on Secondly, there's nothing that takes me up more than these ignorant jokes Pointing with the sky upon catching your football and doing a basketball or ducking a basketball Even taking a crap, yeah, pointing to the sky, absolutely correct But I commend the hockey players or two professionals and other difference between the sporting event of place of worship Correct And as far as my being a sports town question mark, would you rather see being a ball-bing hit or a beach full of bikinis? There you go, that's what it's like, it's sun and fun Do they have major league sports in Hawaii? No They have major league sports in Vegas? No See this is a myth, this is a myth Not that this would be a major league town any other respect anyway, but this is assuming it might be, you know? Politics are corrupt, the transportation sucks But just assuming that in all of the respects we were major league, which were not Well, why do you have to have professional sports? What the dolphins work plenty for all of those other years? Why do we have to have more than that? But what's the point? Does it make them do more people come here because we have that? No, no way Tourists go, no come here to see ball games And I'm not talking about snowboards who aren't here anyway, there are cantive audience, whatever is here, that's what they'll do I'm talking about tourists Tourists come here for the sun and for the skin cancer Stuff like that See naked bodies on the beach? Now we're talking Very good point Excellent facts 177 votes on our marginal pool voice today, which I get apologize for But we had to keep that simple because Eric is in the eating friends you today And they ran out of food in Orlando Huh? No, seriously, didn't hear that That's why he made up that story about coming down here for the seminar I don't believe that for a second They ran out of food at stake in shake Crystal? Yeah, all of those places And that's why I had to come down here Right in the middle of the week So Eric is out there in the middle of a feeding friend He's probably passed out surrounded by chicken bone somewhere in his car So you have to excuse him So we had to make a very simple pull quiz that he so we could get it up Do you think most Americans take responsibility for their own actions? Yes, 32 No, 145 That's the correct answer No Oh, he's taking a food Yeah, how come nobody's called about where the closest sonic is to us? Yeah, George made a good point about sonic And I think we've had calls about them before I think when we're talking about chocolate moths Yeah, it was great Which I'm not having no chocolate moths because although in the last couple days I finally see I don't want to get nothing about the way to get but we just start taking diuretics You only fooling yourself because you're peeing out because no matter what you say Water is 75% of your body of your weight So you can fool yourself by like you know peeing up a store by taking diuretics with your very bad for your kidneys I should point out And then you get on the scale. Hey look at that And of course you don't have as much time to eat anyway because you're busy peeing all day I'll get to know your excuse. You could probably you know You could have a sandwich in one hand and the other if you could find it the sandwich that is there Here's my in a hood I'm gonna real good on that you know about a half a beat Here's a mobile and Western hello Hello, yeah sir. Hey, how you doing today? Pretty good Great. Um, I'm not on those same lines of that Robert Steinbeck. I saw an article on sunday about him About those cops that it shot the young black man up on the roof Right There's no witnesses or anything The end of his article he got up there and he said well enough for all the young black people You know when a police officer stops stop you know put your arms in the position that they ask you to and everything Uh-huh Yeah, that's all good and welfare is advice but the thing I always thought was these people don't read the paper Well, maybe you ought to maybe advice or maybe ought to read it to them So if they don't read How do you know that they don't know black people read the paper Oh, I grew up around the overtime area Yeah, they don't know white man who grew up in a bad part of town Uh-huh And most of the people never picked up a paper But if you go back and start reading it to them Okay, all you're smart is out there when it cops us free Put your hands up and here free's put your hands up and here excellent points sir. Very good And by the way 560560 pump I've 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line I got news for us sir. Most of the white people don't read either You'd be appalled to find out when's the last time most of you write a book Huh? And I'll come in here and read news paper articles and the only reason I do it is because I know that 99 and 910% of the audience never read it anyway Like a Robert Steinback piece this morning Oh, and I did see the why do you were gone? I saw the thing on MSNBC the way it's ever caused the search for Satan Did you see ever see that? It's pretty good No, because it really rips the hell out of organized religion and talks about the asymmetric things stuff Like the Magi And the fact that they were in all this hoax, pocus, and demons and stuff And there were the ones who went to visit the baby, Jesus, and Vettlham They were the last three priests and the fact that during those days there were It was a very fierce battle for the faith of the popular South there for the dummies And there were hundreds of competing religions So why not make up a good one And then anybody didn't want to buy it? Well, you made them an offer They couldn't refuse Yeah, and they had a lot of stuff in there about the accruesay, it's in the inquisition And all of these things That was pretty interesting I'm sure the church didn't like it too much Of course they had the Catholic priest on there Saying, oh yes, there is a devil and if you did I am and Yati Yati Yati Dr. Paul Christ, don't tell us you And on Friday if you would have only been here Friday, if ever a place needed an exorcism This place needed on Friday Dr. Paul Christ, don't tell us you Exactly Oh wait a minute Dr. Paul Christ, don't tell us you Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh the power of Christopheil Jo. The power of Christ. He's a man on his crown. Oh there you go. The power of Christopheil Jo. The power of Christopheil Jo. The power of Christopheil Jo. Okay, very good. Everything ought to be clear now. Hostes clear. Here's not too good but the coast is clear. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Better tell Bob and Cheryl that when you stop by and see Matthew, you're thinking of the shell station or before. That's a close line. No audience. No way home. They blown off the audience. Somebody was telling me that they really saw my cramp. I think it was Johnny Dark. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and North Miami Beach, hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. You know I was listening on the radio. They were playing some of the testimony from the Indiana, then your Brazil trial. Yes. And I don't know why they say that he's testifying because he's not even talking. It's the Lord doing all the talking. He just sits there telling the kid, okay now. You had the safety on right and he could go, yeah. Yeah. And you didn't mean to kill anybody, right? Yeah. And you know that it's bad. He never does the right thing. He stopped playing over this morning. He talked to a play. He talked enough to show his true colors. That was what they were doing. What I heard was like the Lord was playing the words. It was about the kid was just in this thing. Yeah, no, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, that's the way a jury trials work. And most of the questions they just want to yesterday answer. Have you ever seen Perry Mason for quite an hour? Yeah. Just the yesterday or no. What did you think of the testimony? Did you think he had to? Well, I think it's quite a billion. A scale of zero is minus 400. And they did. They're doing the poll on the court TV. How many of you believe his testimony was 85% know and 15% yes? And I'm good for him. No. Well, do you believe him? No, of course. Well, there you go. Hey, it's ridiculous. And how can I rely on school one more time? How come we're still out here and more about the dead teacher who was a family man and dedicated teacher and a young guy? How come we're not here and more about him? They keep talking about wasting a life. There's a life that we wasted. He's not coming back. And that's the problem with prosecuting him as a juvenile. If he was found guilty that juvenile at 18, we'd have to let him go. Isn't that nice? You know, what kind of sentence is that? He's going to go to jail for six years. Yeah, no, no, no next time he gets pissed off for somebody steals his two or whatever. You know, he throws another water balloon and he goes on both somebody else away. I say put him away and let's protect the innocent people. And enclosing. Have you noticed how the calls have gotten better since George came back? Hmm. Okay. They have? Wow. I really can't tell. Do I remember calls from one day to the next? No. Yeah, George attracts the great callers. Now, you do it just that we have a they haven't gotten in yet. It's only been 25 years. We're still waiting for the good callers to start coming in. You just marked my words. I'm trying you got to take 20,000 calls and you get a couple of good ones. He was okay. He was pretty impact they had been okay today. So far. Not as good as a day, not that good, but they've been okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What are we going to do about Henk, you know? Well, he really let me down here. And I must have been a tough weekend in Louisville. You know, anybody has to spend that many days in Louisville. Probably he's a little bit off their feet anyway. But he's started to me like he was really waffling and, what are we going to do and how we're going to build him up on? Wait, then nobody's going to go. It doesn't make any of it's where you put it. Why did it look like what they're doing in there unless it's strippers or something? Nobody's going to go, fat. So it's not going to happen. He likes baseball. I like hockey and this town is going to support either one of them. We both support Pompeo Park though because it's a fun place to go. I'm because they're not asking for you to build him a place. That's right. We got some casting going on right now. The first one is going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one. We're going to be a good one.