One, two, three, six, five. And guess what he is with Daddy, he's not even any happy meals, which is probably he's been living a hell of a lot longer because of that. Am I right? Sure. No happy meals. No make death. For Alihan. Well, it's been a great food. We're getting Ruth Chris for lunch today. Let's hear it. That's why I came in our robot George, but that's why I came in today. We're getting Ruth Chris for lunch. All in tomorrow, I'm going to bring in. You better listen to me very carefully now. I'm going to bring in and I'll tell you right now. I know how I'm always talking about Atkins' is the only way for me to come back, dive videos and blood sugar, but I can't do it because it's too hard to stay on and I have my sweet tooth and make all these excuses. One of his books, it's the one about longevity. I can't think of them. I'll bring it into my heart. Should have brought in this morning. And he writes the reasons about it. You shouldn't be eating refined carbohydrates. What sugar does inside your body? There are these things in the called AGEs ages. And what they do is they do inside your body. When you eat sugar, it's like when you brown meat, it does the same thing to the inside of your body. You're not in your head. Are you familiar with that? I've heard the principle. You're only learning yourself. Yeah. Don't get bored up about it. But if I'm going to bring that in, I'm going to paste it on my refrigerator door. And since I read that, I read that I think Saturday morning. I was going back over to the book. I was looking for some other information. And I read about that. Have I had any sugar since then? No. Any crad? No. All these people when they study the people that live the view like 120. They ask them what they do. It's all low cow, low car, low car. When you're eating that refined carbohydrates, those are the Doritos. And that sugar when those cannybors, you're frying your guts. They did experiments with rats. You're browning your meat. How do you like that? And those are really crappy doughnut I had this morning. Why did I eat that? I mean, it's one thing to beat your meat, but don't heat your meat. Okay. Don't brown your meat. I'm going to bring that in tomorrow. We did it on a year and people are like, ah, ah, ah. They're going to be chewing your Snickers bars in the toilet. Or something of a little sloucher. Oh, yeah. Yeah, here we are. I know that we're in the toilet. I've been in the hospital for so long. I've been in the hospital for so long. 15, 15, and 5, 60, WC, I just did something that's going to add years to my life. You know what it is? I took the sports section of the hero that I taped it over the bottom part of the TV set. I could have taped anything. I mean, just happened to be handy. I'm not going to be looking at it again. And so if anybody comes in here, one is what the sports section of the hero is taped to the screen on my TV set. It's covering up the park. Because I want to watch CNN, I don't want to watch it, but I want to have it on. In case of the earth shaking happens, like if I have another, some proumians going out to get in 2,000, some plane with some board again, Christians on it. Uh, or anything that we need to know here, since it's our only contact with the outside world. So I want to have CNN going on there or whatever. The remiss and B.C. But they all have that crawl on the bottom and since the market is tanking again today, I don't want to see it. I mean, CNN isn't going to change anything. There's nothing I can do about it. And psychologically, it's much more beneficial to me, not to see it. So that's a good idea for all your people out there is to take something like some black crate, but would be good. Across the bottom and your TV screen, so they don't have to see that I'm not just crawl, which they feel compelled to put on there, so they can ruin your day. Because like Mitchur says, the market tanks a lot. And it's tanking again today. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Hi, I'm here today. Okay, sir. I hope you think they eat my bounce back tonight. I really don't know, and don't care. Oh, I see. Okay. Do I think they eat my bounce back tonight? Do I give one flying crap about the heat? No, no. Here's a mobile in Dany, hello. Fly and you go! Uh-huh. Okay, we're off and running again. Just like last Thursday and Friday. Pick it up. Maybe more than a weekend in between. We're right off over, we left off last weekend. Huh? And do I think they eat? And by the way, for that guy and anybody else, we're going to be in our pool on the weekend. How much risk did are you in the NFL draft? We had a tremendous response. 1170 votes of which 26431.1% said, If I hear the word draft again, I'll puke. Some are interested. 321, 27.4%, not at all, 319, 27.2%, Interested a lot in the draft, 166, only 14.1%. Life was people out there. They were just like the thing with the story about that cutie guy. And like the alien business. The media sucks them in. And they say, oh yeah, you're right. This is very important. Let's have a big party, huh? Come on. Party. Yeah. Yeah. What's life without a draft party? Great article in the song, central today. I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm a great article in the song central today. You know, I'm about one step away from just not taking any calls I need to show anymore, you know. I really am. I mean, we're rolling along for weeks and all of a sudden life's Thursday and Friday. I wasn't even going to mention it because, if I think, I want, I have to have a weekend to sober up and recuperate, you know. And all of a sudden life's Thursday and Friday, it's like a crazy day. Everybody in their brother Wonderful is nugget of funnel fruit cake. And we started off this morning. And the first guy wants it off, do I think they here? have a chance to bounce back tonight. Is this, uh, I just some flying crab eyes? Is this, this is a sports show? Is it a sports show? No. No. Is if I care about some seven football sports is, who cares? And then we have the same on Morons. You know, that we picked off, left off with Lester's Ian Friday. And you wanted to know why? Because basically, it doesn't make any of his how many days go back. It's like when I went away for the summer last year for two and a half months. And I came back. Do they have anything else to talk about? No. Was it any different than it was before? No. It's the soft floor of FNM, man. You people are nothing to talk about. You have nothing to say about anything. Here's my me, Lake Salon. Hey, near the morning. Yes, sir. Leo, I don't know if you're aware about some, um, oh, show, drilling for oil. Meaning what? Well, that the president of the U.S. company to start offshore drilling. Yeah, of course. The other, by the governor of Florida. No. How about the draft? How about the draft? You like it? See what I mean? How about the heat? Huh? They're going to wait tonight, you know that? Yeah. And then we're going to make it all the way. Uh-huh. And the Super Bowl, too, we're going to wait for Super Bowl. OK, great. I think you belong at the ball. Yeah. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yeah, good morning, Neil. I'd sounds like you're really frosted about this type of phoned at the depth of these that's been taking pleasure. Yeah. No, not. Well, you know, it's just I get tired of hearing that the same old complaining stopped taking calls. If you're not happy. Yeah. Monday, man, you really set an allowed you don't for everyone out here. Oh, I'm setting a allows you to. Yeah, you are. I'm setting a allows you to own. And what are you doing? I've tried it too, and it's a nice day, because normally you're very pleasant. Uh-huh. I'm very, and it's pretty cool. Does it let me ask you something when I punched up the first line on the phone? Was I unpleasant? I didn't say you were, but oh, fellas, change very, very quickly. My what has your tone? My tone has changed. That's right. And what about your tone? Well, because you've fostered my ass. What do you expect? Yeah, that's good. That's what I'm here for. It's a frostier freaking ass. In the fur and hate your guts. Okay. Ha-ha-ha-ha. Ha-ha-ha. Yeah, right in peace. He's dead and he still hates my guts. How do you like that? The bird hates my guts. Are you ready for that? He died? Yeah, he died. There's the early bird, and then there's the dead bird. Oh, yeah, just I'm telling you, it just continues. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. See, that's a substitute for everything, if you must say. Is that whole song of that? It's that little dog and pony show. He just put on first there. That was beautiful. And if you let him go long enough there, it comes out just like the, uh, I expected it called before that, though, pretending to talk about wood drilling off-door, and it starts in with his little routine. It's like everything else that comes through this, that passes through this place. Like I said, I'm Friday. Eventually, they'll do their best to destroy it. Don't make any difference to me like I told you before. I'm not going anywhere. I get paid one way or the other. So you can either play the game, have something to say, humorous, intelligent, amusing, or just be a bunch of assholes. Makes no difference to me. And it doesn't trust my ass. I really, because I've got 25 years of it. In other words, the old people started done. I had a blue lipstick done. Or whether it's a bunch of young puns like the little specta called before. Or anybody in between, it makes no difference. Because once I've discovered here, generally speaking, they're pretty much all the same. Who? Yeah, I like that. Kind of like that. Here's Cooper City, hello. Hey, whoo! Oh! We got lunch coming from North Press at noon. You're just keep that in mind. Oh, I haven't forgotten. We can't do this. Really pleasant now, by comparison. That's right. You could have been here instead. Here's a mobile info on audio today, hello. You know, my kid, I could 16 years old. He likes your show. And I like your show. I mean, I'm the one to turn it on. Yeah, you're more on Woody. You're still an asshole. Well, that's what I do. You're welcome. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8. They're all out there, each and every one of them. I think all the birds are registered today. No, no, no, not just today, but Thursday, Friday, and today. I think we were in a lot of new streak. We have a new kind of streak going out. And what I see, I couldn't give in that pull out. I was going to do for three days. I might not even do it now because I'm so impressed by this. I'm so just being used by this. Just off the wall out of nowhere. When you least expected, like we're talking about the pent-up selling on the Wall Street with the excuse for the market on Friday, pent-up selling. Or someone for some pent-up buying myself. And this is pent-up for something. Yeah. Pent-up. Woody, Woody, Woody, how like you said. Here's my me like, shall I? My me, he took! Did you understand it? My every heat. Oh, my me, he, yeah. Oh, good. You're here's a better miner. Here's my me, be, shall I? Oh, yeah, you're right. That was blind, Mike Jr. I don't think that was the real thing. Was that the real one? No. I don't know. Blind, Mike. Don't call him blind, Mike. That was blind, Mike. As if he keeps bumping into the old phone. 560, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. This is becoming like an SNM exercise for me now. Here's my me, hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I am going to talk about a sporting event, but I hope it's something that you're a little bit more tolerant with. I'm not sure. But it's not tomorrow, it's because they had another 5,000 people who are playing game-lice by which you're proves to me they need that new stadium. Yeah, right? No, not tomorrow, is I happen to see you up at Papa No Park on Thursday night. And then, uh, I wasn't at Papa No Park on Thursday night. Oh, I'm sorry. Uh, when is going to day night? That's right. And, uh, my question for you is, I, I, I, I, I go to Papa No Park and it's a beautiful place. And I, I, we shouldn't have closed house and you watch the races and whatnot. I love the stir bridge though. And I don't. I don't. I don't know. I know you go. But I know Leah. What's the matter with Hi Leah? How come it is the biggest dump that I, of a racetrack that I've ever seen? And are they, are they going to stop racing there? Do I know if they're going to stop racing there? They're getting like 2500 people a day. So it's not, I don't know how long you can continue. Why is it dumped because John Brunei made it into a dump? That's why. Are you there? And he's gone. Okay. Another great conversation. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. So I'm going to track out Wednesday and why is Hi Leah such a dump? Are you following that? No. No. Because John Brunei made it into a tour of the keeps to whining in morning just like John Henry. Once I mean you do something for him. Maybe if you wouldn't made it into a toilet, John, maybe when people become out there. John Brunei that is. Here's a moment in my me, be it, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. Let's get the hell out of here. The sun is out and answer that. And everybody's shooting outside having a beer chip. Are you still there? Yeah. Okay. What's happening? Why are everybody's a client? What's going on? I have no idea. But all 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Thomas? Here's a moment in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how are you doing Neil? Okay. You got me tickets for the gig, isn't it? Yeah, I got tickets for you. You're going to stick them? Yeah. Yeah. Got a ticket to see. And it's a bit like about some little children. And once the first one comes, then let's say cascade of lunacy. A cascade of idiots. This is South Koreans doing what they don't want to be called. Do what comes naturally. Do what they do best. Be in morons, assholes, etc. They just say it's been pent up for so long and it hits like a flood now. You know, it's like what's happening in the Mississippi. It's just the lectured, the damn opened. The Dijk burst. If I can say that, can I say Dijk? No. And it's just all like flown forth. 26 after 10 at 560 WQM, one of the good night's sweets tonight. And do the smart thing, call our French dial-mathrus. 1,800 MATTR-Yes. Dial-mathrus is the original, the easiest and smartest way to buy you a new brand name mattress. Call dial-mathrus and talk with expert bedding consultants. 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Dial-mathrus only sells national name brands like Surda and Seely Simmons and King Coil. By calling that number, you can be sure you're always buying a top-up quality mattress. That can improve your health by ensuring better sleep and no more backpink. Your mattress will be delivered seven days a week at the time. You'll choose and depending on where you live. As soon as just a couple hours after you make that one easy phone call. And don't forget, only dial-mathrus gives you a 30 day and home comfort trial. Dial-mathrus keeps the word of their customers on quality delivery and guarantees. These are just a few of the reasons why an national survey. Dial-mathrus outscored every company with the customer satisfaction rating of better than 99%. So, call it right now you'll be sleeping like a child tonight call. 1,800 MATTR-Yes. Say you'd time money and hassle. 1,800 MATTR-Yes. 1,800 MATTR-Yes. And three of my six new WTs, you already have a job. 1,800 MATTR-Yes. Oh, I have a way from one step from Bruce Grace. That's all we're here for today. Great article by actually, it's an operty piece by Richard A. Buschmire and a son, civilist morning. Author is a resident of Book of Retone, as All it says. It says A.T.s. just want freedom from religion. What are great are, dry my way a little bit later. But why should we spoil all the rule that the people are on, ah? Why should we do that? I didn't realize they actually had it in the middle of the night. They actually had it in him for like a third day in a row, did you? I couldn't imagine after a weekend in between But they're miserable and frustrated because they're here And because everybody's bailed out each has gone pace off has gone the demarcation pun in the calendar has come and now all them are left behind just here And we're here with them. That's the sad part not for long though Let's see today's what a poor 20 year third. I'm thinking let's see June like they am though two months from today Maybe bye bye bye for a long time 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Green piece had some very huge peaceful demonstrations in Quebec over the weekend to the media show those No, they're too busy showing a hundred demonstrators. They were going nuts going a shot and to people on CNN They're like Merman Candle well, maybe we're guilty and we shouldn't be showing all the other the few small demonstrations And we're probably being guilty of it right now or the guilty and then they're doing it They just they can't control themselves. It's like these cars. They can't control themselves. They can't stop. It's pet up and they have to let it out. You know, it's what they are Here's homestead, hello Yeah, look They carry around a large bag of it. Yeah for that purpose, huh? And they figure out what anybody know that different anyway in your case 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Well, probably I'll same Don't shade Same You maybe his name is even you for all we know maybe me knows you age from the track Here's Evan sure hello Evan sure Can hang on what huh couldn't squeeze it out Mobile and Miami hello Mobile in Miami Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yes, yes Mobile in Miami, hello Yes Now we are in my own here hello Yes, you Yes Uh huh Is Chayo on like your choice huh But I'll do our unreal man, but I'm gonna do it, yeah, no Now Okay, thank you. So that is on. Okay. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, you all right today. Okay. I promise that I'm telling you in comment. Yes. Believe it or not, coming from Miami. Huh? I think it's because I'm crossing the day-brower blind right now. Anyway, I don't know if you'll aware of this or not. This is actually something serious. You know that if something is done to you by somebody in the county of a date or actually a support of statute that the most that you can sue somebody that's in a county employee, the most that you can sue for payed $100,000. You're talking about something with your treatment. Like what? Oh, I say a thick copper in Zred, like an initiative. Yeah. It's total, you know, and you've got, you can't walk for the rest of your life. You can't see whatever. Yeah. Isn't that the static? Hello? How much name? No. You don't think it's pathetic? Yeah, pathetic. I think it's extremely... Why did it do the copy you? Well, my parents, yeah. Yeah. And, you know, when a trial is coming up, I get to tell you. It's a pretty serious thing. And, you know, I don't know if everyone knows there's a way or that or not, is to, in fact, what the liability is, but I've got to tell you. It's, uh, it's really a pathetic thing. I think it's pathetic. And, um, you know, this is one of the only, only states in the country. It's pathetic too. Sorry? You're a pathetic. You're a pathetic. Well, if George should have just pathetic, then it definitely is pathetic. Uh-huh. Because George knows pathetic. Yeah. Anyway, I just want to throw that out there because, you know, a lot of, got to try to keep your people in form. Okay. And the fact is that, uh, you know, we got to, we got to band together here and try to get some time. Okay. Let's band together. Thank you, Neil. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6, and Sam started to enjoy it now. I'm starting to really, really get into it. Yeah. I've asked to which gears here. I moved from Schindler's list to this. What's I don't know what the word is for this, but I don't think whatever it is, we can't probably sit on a ear. Can we go? This is great. Uh, or it's either greater, it's pathetic. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I don't know if I'm going to do that polka, so we do the polka. It's going to change the whole show. I was going to ask who your favorite all-time TV celebrity is. And I was going to do that for three days. That's a tuple. It's like when we heard the music thing. It would be, it would be a little bit, you're a gay, Madacona pathetic. Yeah, it's a good. It's good. Well, every year we know, and then we have to, like, a comment that said, every few years we have to have, what was the word he used, you know? What? And a godfather is my favorite, is every few years there has to be a war for like a cleansing house cleaning. Oh yeah. No, that's the thing that was a word he used for it. But that's what we're doing. Like a cathartic experience, which kind of is the bad blood. Yeah, that's right. 5 kind of sounds like pathetic cathartic pathetic. But find your guts. When I sugar that you read, and that's probably what they're upset about. Waste blood bring that thing in there tomorrow, we did it on the ear. Oh yeah, that's just propaganda from that and it's a fucking guy. Okay, hey, do what you want. Go ahead and fire your interest and be my guest. I'm a slow cook. Here's Hollywood, hello. How you doing today, Neil? Great. I'm down here visiting for Orlando, Florida. Yes, sir? You're contemporary. Get him billips. Huh? What is it? What is it? I listed your contemporary Jim Phillips of Toronto, and the... He's got much contemporary. He's not your contemporary. No. He's a guy in the radio. Yeah. Huh? He said, uh, he said, I told him I was coming out and he was out of this. Uh-huh. He said, I should give you a stock tip. He said, tell him about El Paso Gas. Yeah, it's real cute. Ready? Uh-huh. Oh boy, it's better if it's come from Orlando, right? Uh-huh. El Paso Gas. Uh-huh. That's pretty funny, but I'll tell you why some of you have told him, sir. Tell him about El Paso Gas. Woo! Heavy? Duty. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six. See, one good thing we can feel a little bit better about ourselves, because we always got Orlando and Tampa to look at it. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Here's a mobile and Davey, hello. Hey, you know. Yes, sir. Hey, don't worry about them. You're calling you on my recalling on that. I don't know. I don't have problems here in South Florida as my recalling is. Yeah. We got bigger problems. Got to get out of this place. Everybody hates everybody. The blacks, the Jews. Everybody hates everybody in the place. Really? Yeah. You know, if the Sunday meets the Sunday of the table, everybody says enough prejudice and everybody is. No, no, it's not under the table. Some places are under the table here. It's out in the open. You know, so it's right out there. Uh, I have friends that pretend to be, you know, politically correct and I know how they truly are. So, you know, let's stop, let's stop hitting each other around here and, uh, and like the guy thought is said, you know. But you first child, do you mess you in the child? Oh, I'm so glad I had that sports section taped across the front of the TV. No, no matter what things people are doing, I feel better already. I do. You got to come in here and take this watch way to your five, 16 QAM. This is CBS. This old man, Dick K.B. He had an CEO, fast beat had a heart attack. And I have a lack of a lot of soul. Next time he's not jumping all the way. He's just like that. Oh, I know what I'm just like with the president. I'm like this man with his face bush. He's a hemorrhoid in the social media guy who would die. So we'd be alone. There's nothing in him. His hem is gold. Oh, yeah. But the people love it at five, 60, every QAM we got a hike from a Schultelstake to a two o'clock Mad Dog Midage coming up tonight. Six o'clock to line up 30 because the ballgame's out there and he awest in Arizona. Boys, 10,000 people. This seems to be the amygdian. All right, Marlon's. It's 10,000 citizens of box square, which means that we're in here like four or five, six thousand people in a ballpark. That proves to me he needs an infoscibility. That's not prove to you that there's tremendous interest here. They just don't want to go to that awful location or right down the street from us here. Who'd want to go down the street from us here? Anybody? I don't blame you. But if they can go to like downtown Miami and get back up in my three and a half hours of traffic jam and pay 20 bucks per parking, that ought to do it. Yeah. Two o'clock in the stadium. Come on. You made a bad deal. Bail them out. So we got that ballgame stuff, Marlon's and the Adonand backs all starts with the crow. The crow at the sixth, what is it? A30. And then they can't educate real real life after all these things. The thing with all the commercial plugs in there, what it does is it gets lens the effect of not wanting to read. You want to say it's just too long. It takes up too much valuable time for all these good calls. Right. And we don't have time for that. Here's South Miami. Hello. South Miami. Is gone? Oh no. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Hello. Hello. Yes. So this is an old car and I'd like to know about you get the number that you have attached for the mortgage company with 3.9%. I know that's a weird request. Yes, I'll. Sure. Once I get. Okay. Here we go. Yeah. It's a 1-800. Yeah. 9-4-0. Yeah. 53-63. Okay. Thank you. And I think you show a great team up in good words. Thank you so much. Keep it. How do you like that? I don't want to put it away now. I don't want to like leave that lean around. 5-670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and for Ryan's and wireless line for whatever your little heart why I'm not going to do the pull to the second hour. Because I don't want to cut their water off this hour. Do I? No. They're under rule. Only if you have a lady on there, let's get her on the right away. If you see if it's like a real. Here's the lady, mobile and somewhere. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Oh. Hey, you know, I've found me Mr. Conversation on this. Do you want to have show time show? Clearers hope. No, I don't. Oh, it's awesome. I keep trying to find some of that. It's been watching. So we can talk about it. No. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Bye. Bye. No. I don't want to hear a spell. If I want to see queer people I look at the mirror. 5-670560 pound 560 pound. Did that, that's for a straight people who think that they're going to learn something about jays by watching shows like that. Just like Ellen. Do I know any woman like Ellen? No. No. God forbid. But I'm going to make you enjoying it. All the people I know are ugly from the promos that I've seen. Here's Miami, hello. Do you know how you don't write? All right. I do watch America depressing last night. Did I watch? I'm American undercover. No. There's no hope for snow. What was that? This is about this guy that melve in just that, he just married into these women that had little girls. Huh? And just, I made molested them. They're whole lives. I made, went from one family to the next. I mean, it's out in California. I believe George saw it. Yep. Yeah. But yeah. I'm from Alabama. I thought it might be. How do you know George saw it? I talked to him. Yeah. Oh, I see. I thought maybe he had a psychic vibration. Yeah. No vibrations. If you get a chance, you may get a try to watch maybe five minutes. So I don't think it sounds too depressing after the Benny Hint thing. I've wasted my time with that and I spend a lot of time on a show. And most of these people didn't watch you in the one I talk about it. So I'm not going to get sucked into that again. And I'll take you word for it. Well, that's why I said America depressing because there's no hope. I'm going to give my fast sports. All right. I'll see you in the plane. Bye bye. Oh, so look at this. We had about one. Must in an hour of internet service today. And other things to stop, which is going to make it very difficult for me to do that pull thing today. Because I think this keeps popping up again. The one that says, oh, out of this space. This is a different one now. Out of this space. I'll be damned. Yeah, but you're right together right here. Bob Ramusta, tell you that. He's an asshole. We just have all kinds of problems. Just maintaining like, you know, from day to day. Not bad enough. We don't have the exterminator in here, which is not his department. Of course. But we can't keep the internet thing going here with all kinds of little things popping up. They're all over the place. Little zits on the screen. Hate that. 1216 votes on that pull over the weekend. How interested are you in the NFL draft? And 86% of the audience were not interested a lot. That's an interesting way of putting it. Okay. 86% were not interested like a whole lot in the NFL draft. Thank you. And that's a good sign. It calls out a very good sign. But at least the polls are good sign. You want to know why? Because most of the people of Oda on the poll are not the ones who call. Most of the people who are listening audience are not the ones who call. The ones who call on our well. Here's a del Rey Beach, hello. And here. Yes sir. How much for an adequate bill? Yeah. Well maybe you've got the 20 pounds of count crap out of you. I'm not sure if you could understand what you were saying. Which probably would be a good idea. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T. And if you're rise in one of those lines. I think we've got the jackpot this last few days. Here's a mobile info. A lot of deals. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. I just wanted to say that the 3.9% I call those people and they did a great job on the. Good. They should have a lot of people to really get positive yours. And also I wanted to admit to see that Benny Henson. But I don't know how. How is it that right heart that got to Germany makes money? I know how Benny Henson makes money. But how is it that right heart makes money? Did he charge people in Africa to go watching heal people? Hey, those are the Africa owners got some cash. Yeah. I just didn't see Holly. Well, Mary is going off of it. Maybe he's just taking their first born and selling him to auction or something. Who knows? Do he make him a big box? He does. He doesn't even want to see. And a half a million Africa owners there in the career. Yeah, I saw that. Half a million. So the fuck of peace? I'm going to. That's not bad. Yeah. Pretty cool. All right. Just want to know that. Okay. Thanks. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Marvel's line. Here's Carl Gable, fellow. I've been listening to a show lately. I've been listening to a show lately. I've been listening to last week and today. You can do topics like Greg or you should do. Because those are some good shows. I'm going to your party. Greg or you did topics. And those are some good shows. I'm Miss Greg or. Oh, Greg. Oh, yeah. Topics like what eating a feast is. It's better in your crap. Okay. Great. Thank you. I like Greg or Greg or Greg or Greg. He's long gone. That's too bad because he was so much better. Yeah. He was so much better. It's too bad. Of course, it's interesting because you're still listening to an over-think of your another shame. And I'm sure that one Greg was a and I was not the air one Greg was on. That's why he was listening to Greg. He was the one. Him and those women from the. What's that with a give the awards out of a year, you know? Got the word for the best feces taught. Feces of the species award. 560. 560. Well, he liked the Schwarz is listening. Okay. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. There's another one. Son of a, he had 10 pounds of a cow tongue in his mouth. Here's West Palm. Hello. Any a high dose? Okay, sir. I'm about to take a trip to South America. I was born in Venezuela. Oh, I'm sorry. You know, I want to go over there. You know, I've lived here all my life. My family is usually like, you know, how, you know, they. They want to know how it is over here. You know, they. They don't have anything over there. They're poor as hell. You know, they don't forget about having a car. Yeah. You know, running. Okay. Good. 560. Pound 560. On the AT&T. Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good evening. Good evening. Yes. Whatever. Hey, um, I don't know. I know your juice on a like, natural stuff. Um, I don't know if you're familiar with there's a new, uh, server out there called the computer. Yeah. I don't know if it's familiar with that or not, but I'll never ever be able to shut that down. I don't know why people just don't go to that. I'm just not worried about Master. Navigator is new. Yeah. It's a new service. It's supported by a bunch of, uh, uh, uh, you know, like, uh, from like England. And, you know, just all over the world where they can't, you know, get into something down, you know, and anything that's supported here in the United States can't have a lot of stuff. So, about myself. My family stuff that's overseas, kind of revealed it to get rid of it. Yeah. And, um, I mean, there's some stuff on there that's probably not sure what those will be shut down, but there's a lot of stuff. Like, what? You're talking about music again? Uh-huh. So, in other words, you try to sketch on me on the view that it's okay to, like, steal music without anything. I might say it's still on the same going there and you'll find the funny, a lot of you like it enough, then you can be able to go by. I mean, I don't support it. You know, in a way that go out there and try to restart it or try to, you know, grab the free and, you know, I'm not in a freebie world. Well, I was most of the people who are next to are, you know, not your people. They're in the freebie world. Yeah, I mean, I just, I just, I don't like to go on this. And I'm not, I'm not going to say I don't like to list it off, but I mean, I, you know, pay a lot of attention. Very difficult for somebody's punch to understand, but that is that there's no money to be made in making music that people are going to be making music anymore. Oh, what a concept, huh? Ah. No, you're wrong, Neil. Let's do it. We wanted it for free. Okay. We'll go get it for free. Most of you couldn't get it, but I get it. Paying for it. And the music either. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, and Verizon world is left. Yeah, but it's there. Okay. We'll get it while you can't grab it. Here's a mobile and a four-later nail, hello. Hey, you don't, guys. Grimmy. Good talk to reals for us, man. How about this, people? Yeah. Yeah. If we're trying great, man, I'd like to put that in about a couple of weeks ago, right after the regular season, and that Ottawa, her, came on in there. We're interviewing them, we said, well, you got to Toronto in the town. What do you think of that? Each and all, the team that we thought need all year or so. I hate to break the issue, but that's old news, though. See, how come nobody's calling, you're talking about Buffalo, blowing out 28, nothing in winning that series, huh? Or about all the other great games. See, that Ottawa Leaf series is our lifestyle recall. And did many, many days ago, didn't it? Yeah, but I could get three to last season, and I'm a big league fan, man. Yeah. A big league fan, just get good to say. I know, fuck, where we're going, I'm going to do it real good, too. Uh-huh. And that Ottawa, I know, like the league's going to be. Okay, good luck, you're so good, like to watch. Go Leaf Go. We're going all the way. No. 5.6.7.05.6. He pounded five, 60. Honestly, I'm going to use the negative approach like pocketed with the Ottawa series, when I said we wouldn't win one game. Please have no chance to get to the jersey doing your own. No. Use that approach. And then, of course, if something good happens, then you're pleasantly surprised. As opposed to the people that talk a big game, and then we're nothing happened. Then they left the, you know, with egg under a post. That's a real good lesson for all you kids out there. Just to expect the least, and if anything good happens, then you grab it. Squeeze it. 5.6.705.60. Pound five, 60. On the AT&T, in Verizon Wireless Line. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point. The best way to get to the point. The best way to get to the point. The best way to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to the point is to get to the point. The best way to get to this point is to get to the point. journey. Is there anything aroundels? That's why I'm behind my head. Isn't it close? Maybe help in the show. I do want no why? Because summer replace no money go away for the whole summer. How about Greg? Yeah, we can probably dig him up somewhere. He's probably not working. Well, maybe not a radio. They're amazing all these people that they thought were so great like Karen Kay and what was the one that we thought they were great? Well, they're safe behind. She said she had a great set of lips. And just like you're in summer, she's got a great ass. Remember that line? Yeah. Yeah. It's been nickel said taste like a penny to me. And then we got, uh, what's your, I can't, I can never think of her name. The one that's out there in Portland, Cinecated, you're sure 1, 7, 500 dead little ten-watch stations. The one that lasted five minutes in the afternoon and had the big, uh, got canned. The one before, um, what, the goddess before the goddess was, uh, Ed Till and before I till. What's your name? That was on stupid talk and I have to, please, wild. Oh, yeah, no, even the judges forgot now. Well, very, very, very wild about Liz, well, it's what I'm saying. All of these great stars that they put on the, it is my church. Look at the list we could make. Scoot, don't forget to poop, don't forget to poop. Yeah. I never really, good. How am I that joy, Rennos? Can we bring him back? What do you say? He was the best. He would talk to the guy, what do you eyes for hours, you know? All the other people you want to talk to because you're a prick, but he was a good guy, Joey. Yeah. He has them in the studio. Polluting or in fact, that's probably where the corporate disease started. Sure. Sure. Okay, that's me. So our survey that we're going to take a little bit of the same way we do with the music. And that is we'll take one from each day, whoever's the highest one, a curie, it over for three days. Till we find out. And the reason that I was inspired to do this, I was watching another one of those MSNBC things yesterday. What was it about? I wasn't really watching it because I've seen it twenty time. I've mentioned this coverage for the Brady bunch, but I was channel surfing and there was Florence Henderson. And she was saying, oh, I think that most of our audience were hoping that there was something sexual between me and whatever, or is the kid that played the oldest son on that show? Whatever's named was. Greg, Greg, Greg, yeah, whatever's there. And she was saying, I thought, you know, I always like Florence Henderson. She's a cool lady, Florence Henderson. Right? There was still a spray train. Maybe he's a little bit too much question. Well, and I'm not saying I would vote for Florence Henderson. What I know. Well, like last week we were talking about the Elizabeth Montgomery and Barbara Eden. So who was your favorite all-time TV celebrity? It could be based on whether they were funny, whether they were in entertainment. Maybe you were at the hotstour. What for whatever reason? Talk show or sit-conactor. Anything. Oh, and we're not, now look, I know book a brand will be up. But we're not putting Dorothy Koke on English. No. Or Week Martin Dale. Anybody, your favorite I know covers a lot of ground. That's what's going to take three days for a weir. Now here's my short list that I got here, which I'm sure you want to be with most of them because, you know, you want to my time. Well, some of them could be. So this covers a lot of territory. This covers 50 years generally speaking. How about the music thing? That covered almost 50 years. Broadcast TV or cable. Your favorite all-time TV celebrity, okay? Didn't say cable satellite dish pop up toast or whoever it is, okay? Jesus Christ. Oh, Jesus Christ is he on the list? I got Barbara Eden. Now of course we'll be adding names to the Elizabeth. We can do like we did with the music. Maybe 25 each day, 30, whatever. Whatever we're gonna can handle. Barbara Eden. Elizabeth Montgomery. Lucy of ball. Don't Lucy have to be on the list. You bet. I love Lucy. Jackie Gleason. How come nobody down here ever talks about Jackie Gleason anymore? To put this down on the map. And then the somebody who came in here destroyed it. Johnny Carson, not that I would vote for Johnny Carson. David Letterman. Torrent Henderson. Only because of that thing I saw yesterday. David Cassidy. The reason I put him on there is because they had a thing just before that. About the cartridge family. And I was thinking about the guy with the eyes. Oh, he's very David Cassidy intensive. Oh, yeah. And so was I when that show was on. And then there were a lot of guys that were very Susan Day intensive. Am I correct? Yeah, sure. But I was before your time. I was little. So was David. When you're in Congress, now see you wouldn't agree with that because you didn't like cop shows. I'm not sure yet. Telly's the valus. You wouldn't like that because it was another kind of nice thing. I get a look. You ought to see the look I got. How could you not love cojack? What a sucker you are. He had a star out without him but still. It was a comp show. I'm not asking you. I'm asking. We're making the list of people. And I'm not just your taste or my taste. Am I voting for telly's the valus? No. Jack par. Way before your time. I'm not just your taste or my taste. Jack par. Way before your time. Jack par was great. In kind of a neurotic way. I got some shows about him. Jack par was to late night TV with Judy Garland was to music. Great but neurotic. Very good. Steve Allen. Rest in peace. So that's my short list. I'm sure. I mean, you know, we could put 50,000 people on there. How about the elephant boy from Busty Brown Show? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. First time call on commissioner. Okay. I was born a Catholic. All my life. I'm so sorry. I married my wife and you know her. Her. I'm a Bishop. And the. Ronsa, yeah. She directs the nuns and everything. And it's funny the way that I've gone to see the way the religion and the way church has gone and all the really wanted just money and money and money and money. And I don't really, you know, give anything. But the point is I thought it's been easy in thing and how they just, you know, just make so much money off of these people that are just dying. It's all the same man. It's all it's all a business. Just that some are bigger and more successful others. It's all a business. It's all a big bunch of crap. I mean, why do they do this? I mean, it's not. I just got you telling you because it's a business. And it's of course. Right. The tax deductible. You got it. There you go. You're so. Sounds like you're jealous. You saw my. Oh, yeah. I'm working banking. So I know. There you go. I'll pray for your pal. Thank you. God bless you. Oh, bye. 5.670. 5.6. You have to have lots of more nominations for our list here. They're your favorite all-time TV personality based on talent humor. Maybe they were hot. Uh-huh. See, you can't come up advance or can you? No, I can pick up a lot of names, but you. It's hard to forget the same with the ones on your. Same with the music. Right. It's hard to pick just one. When I just start rattling off names, but when I should school that. Okay. More plays. Moms may come. We definitely saw Moms may be. It's welcome. How am I in the game gold? Red fox. Freddie Prince. Red fox. Red fox is not going to be on the list. Are you out of your mind? But he's funny. Red skeleton. Okay. God bless. God bless. Captain Kangaroo. Captain Kangaroo. Bob Keisha. Keisha? He was the first Keisha. I wanted to be before Keisha and John Johnson. Yeah, Bob Keisha. Hey, how you know, Keisha? What are we going to do about those little, little, little, little names? Well, well, that's for another day. So you see this list is like almost endless. This is a great one. And the good part of it is we killed the other hour first before we got started doing this. See, there's a method to my madness. All right. So, Greg was going to be on it. No, while we're eating lunch with those great topics about eating the beefy to the species. Now, you don't have to say, I see Eric's working on this list already. He's just dittling around with it. Don't even start thinking about it because we're going to do like 25 or 30 minimum. Each day. And then whoever's the highest, then each day will get carried out. You're going to do this as well. I'll be soon. I'll be on the list. How about Rick Nelson? Huh? Well, I'm going to order my asking you for, okay? What the hell do you know? Okay. Don't know about the most fossils. He's dead. Ozzy's dead. And didn't he hurry at that in here while ago? Did he? Harry? Didn't she? Didn't she? Didn't it? He died? I'm going to say after 11 at 5.60 W to kill my think David Nelson still alive. Eight David, David Nelson. He's alive. Thank God. God with two first names. If your carpets look like hell, what are you going to do about it? Why do you call up by the ex-assist? Maybe they can come in and try and get the asses out. But the people who can really do the job for our dry concepts. They've been doing it in town for well over 20 years. In fact, it seems like longer than that because I know I've been using it in my house for about 20 years now. Because I wouldn't take it using anybody else and why should you? Nobody does it better. Nobody gives you a written guarantee price before they start. And nobody else dry cream. Is there any of them? Right. But he went to a man I like. He's a good guy. But it was no good names. And those shows. And those shows that no entertainment. But you know something he deserves. He's paid his dues. He's got two crappy shows. He's got readjust live without Kathy. Leave everybody's happy. He's gone. And then a minute everything. What is what it is? But he deserves it. I mean, at least it's not some schmuck. The fellow little bucket of crap. You, we like your readjust. Okay. Your show sucks. But we like you. That's interesting. It's kind of like here. They like me. But there isn't the other way around. They like to show they hate me. Marbury eat. No, this is just the beginning of the list. Believe me. Bob Barker got to be on there. I mean, truth of consequences. Anybody remember that show? No. You guys mean both of Brian? Do you remember that? What? Truth of consequences? Yeah. Sure. You do. vaguely. Registsilvin. Barbara Eaton. Elizabeth Montgomery. Lucy of ball jacking. Jason Johnny Carson. David Letterman. Florence Henderson. David Cassidy. I guess if we put David Cassidy on the list, we should put, what's your name? I just mentioned. What's your name? From the part of your name? Susan Day. I still say she was upset because he was, had better heard and shoot him. William Conrad. What tell us of Alice Jack Party, Alan Susan Day? Susan Day doesn't block. What? So get three votes. Yeah. Scratch out Susan Day. Carol O'Connor. Oh, I love Carol O'Connor. God. How about me, Ted? No. How about George Jefferson? Okay. But nobody knows who he is. That's why he's broke. Shaw Sherman Hamplay. George Jefferson. He knew the best. Well, see, we'll do that another time about TV shows. We'll do that like the next week. Yeah. Yeah. I think every Monday we ought to be doing stuff like this, but not in the first hour. We'll do the first hour like we did today, you know? Yeah, every, in fact, that's a good idea. Every Monday the first hour can be a more on hour. End of an hour. Yeah. End of an hour. Big blueberry end of an hour radio. Carol O'Connor. Okay. Well, let them know. Fill in some of these. Okay. Just make them feel like they know something. Maybe they didn't take I knew my music, but I know my TV, Mr. I'll tell you that. Cause I've been watching a TV. How about Buffalo Bob Smith? How about him? Woody Graver just called up and voted for how do you do the. Bob, guess what, Woody? He's drawing. And how do you do the end Buffalo Bob or both good? What about Clare Bell? What about David Nalan? Huh? You know, you're that's right. One hour eight. Okay. Okay. You never saw how do you do the? Just saw little clips every once you've done. You never saw how do you do the? Oh my god. Here's a person who never saw how do you do them? There are many, many of us, but I bet you're seeing Judy. You're looking at Bulla, let's say. Yeah, Woody. Here's a curlgable, hello. Hey, deal, how are you? After your flush and thought it was all gone. Oh, how do you? Yes, sir. Always been a floor in Cenderson fan as well. Don't you just love her? I do. But I have to join George and the list of people who've never seen the. How do you do the show? And really never felt like I was missing anything either. You didn't. But did it, did it? Did you know how they say everything has its time, you know, time and place? And now, looking back, we'll be considered very, very camp. But because of the early days of television, whatever was on was great. You don't want to mean? Like Mr. Ed. Mr. Ed was not hello. Uh-huh. All right. I'll tell you something I was listening and I came up with a few names. Of course, Big Bird comes to mind. Oh, Alan Alda. Tom, select Michael J. Fox. Some of the people, you know, shoot it two day. We're shooting day, whatever. Who they did LA laws. Well, okay, Susan, they actually got it beyond there. I mean, if we didn't put data on you, she was. But she did LA laws. Well, I mean, there are a lot of young guys that used to watch the part of your family for your Susan Day. They used to sit real close to the TV and then the young girls and some of the rest of us would watch for David Canston. Listen, I called up because that first hour was still terminal. And then you got one hockey call and I said, well, okay, if he's not going to cut off the hockey calls, then I'll go ahead. Well, why would I do that? Well, you know, sometimes you're feeling a little this crowd does want to listen to hockey, but I'll tell you something. With my try to listen to hockey talk, listen to these Jack Assulios call up every single morning. Yeah, you're hard time. Yeah, the Jack Assulios have really destroyed this town, you know, you know, there you go. I always say taking, you know, the first, the first round of the playoffs has really been all about the gold tenning and Archers are big, just tongue and they're strong. Oh, yeah, and with he unbelievable, even again yesterday, we went to the final score with five to one. But I'm Tony, he made about a half dozen saves in that game. He likes it, which I have never seen. I mean, just incredible. And you know, something I wish to Bobby Clark to get run out of town on a rail and go down. Well, that's a great. Yeah, I just, every time I post scored again, I would squeeze myself. I was so excited. If anybody deserves to take the bread of the blame for it, it's him. Yeah, he did nothing to bring in gold tenning over the last one. Here's one of the most evil people. Forget about sports. He just want the most evil people on the face of the earth is Bobby Clark. What an ego. Yeah. So that was too bad because he said nothing to help the game hockey to keep the superstar like him. And they had over 18,000 that a biggest crowd ever in Kerala yesterday. Yeah. And goes to show you a firm running phony's aren't just here in South Florida. Yeah. And the other thing is of course, I don't know, flies there. I've been a little surprised to see how really excellent Buffalo has looked despite not having Michael Packer all year, because I thought that that kid had really committed his own the last two years. Yeah. And it's too bad because I've been really lucky. I really like their team a lot. But right now what I'm hoping for is I'm hoping that Ty don't meet absolutely levels Scott. You know, it's not going to be Ty don't we. Ty don't meet comes up his way. So it'll be Shane Corston who's the one that's going to beat the crap out of him. I certainly hope so. Me too. All right. Have a great run. Thanks, take care. 5 6 7 0 5 6 game. You don't want to bad news is this thing. I think, uh, this thing has screwed up again now. I'm walking out. I mean, you know, we're on here again for our 20 minutes. And now when we're far, it's a long way before we get this thing on the full anyway. You know what I'm saying? That's that's probably just as well. But our internet connection keeps crap and out. And crap and out. Come on. Let's get with it. How many weeks has it been already popular? Let's get the show under road here. Okay. This is a goddamn radio station. Not something here that's like it. You're convenience when you get good in God. They're ready. Then we can do our stuff here. You idiot. You simple then. You, uh, quizling. God. He's the vain of our existence is Bob freaking for move. Can't complain about his engineering work because we don't really see much of it. If any. Well, the facts is going to start coming in now. Carol Burnett. She must be on the list. You won't get my vote. She's okay. Huh? She's all right. And we're not putting Rosie on Donald on there. You know something? That would be. We'll do that one day. Alistair people who make you physically ill when you see them on your TV. And she is one of them. I'm not exaggerating. I can't look at her. I mean, I've seen other fat dikes in Jibbon. They are what they are. But there's just something about her. She's just. She's so growtest. And just so discuss the whole her whole stick. You just want to stick it somewhere. Like a per ass. I mean, she makes me nauseous. You're not all broken up. That her adoption didn't work out with a trouble child. Oh, you're not bummed that she. No, I'm not. I'm done. I like this. I've got the paper cut that she got. Oh, yeah. I'm upset that it was almost. The woman who played an intense S-Duron Red Fox. I don't remember that. You remember Freddie Prince. Wasn't. Freddie Prince was not an issue. What show was he on? Kiko the man. Kiko the man. Was that with who's on that show with him? Was that Fred Ron? Old guy. No. You're thinking of staying for the sun. Oh, Sam. She. I don't. Those just were much. How about the John Schneider your favorite? Oh, yeah. See, right away, he gets on nervous because I said that. I would have done that job. All I said a few weeks ago was that I thought John Schneider was a great looking guy. Once upon a time. He was. I take your word. No, you look like a group. You see, that's what you said. He didn't look like no good. I was just wearing that. Because he was on that show. You think it looked like it. Well, there you go. He played Michael Land. How about Michael Landon? Okay. He deserves to be on there. Does he? Four major shows. Okay. That's so easy. We can do it for Michael. He's right. Yeah. Nice Jewish boy like that. And there's no electricity. And then most of the people on this one, not most. Watermerge. Those are the Montgomery's dead loosey of walks. Jackie Gleason. William Conrad. Kelly Savales. Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Paul still live, any? I don't know. I don't know. Something I don't know. Yeah, he must be still. Steve Evans, there. Um. Michael Landon. Is dead. The great people are the dead people. And here's the cast of the Jefferson's. We can't put the whole cast on there. But I do agree. That was probably one of the best shows in history inspired what Tom J. Just says. I keep mentioning that every time I mention the Jefferson's. Because he's got his bug up his ass about it about how it was so racist. You Tom. Okay. We like your job at some time you're full of crap. And that's one of them. Jerry Sunfield. Now, I'll put him on there only because he'll get a lot of votes. I will say make no other comment. Did I watch that show? No. And I like that show. Do I like him? No. Post your trial for anti-Semitism. That's the way I look at him. Post your trial for anti-Semitism. Is Jerry Sunfield. He is just such a, oh. Uh, Ted Denson. Is he going on a list? No. No. Bill Cosby's got to be on list. There's another one. No. Another one. I don't get it. I don't understand it. Bill Cosby will be on the list. J. Leno. J. Leno. Put him on the list with all his chins. It's pretty good. Look there. Keenan ivory wands. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah, before you watch those big boxing. You have to watch the weigh-ins. Do you know your favorite? Tim Conway. You want to put him on the list? No. He's got no shot. See, where is that? Put him the minor people from the famous shows on you. Can't do that. Good like people, not a people from the Steven Louis-Nye. You know, a Tom Poston. Don't not. Huh? Oh, how about anti-grips? How about it? Yeah. You get a lot of votes in this crowd. He's a little bit. Yeah, anti-grips. He's not fit in with anti-grips. What's that awful, uh, where he plays the lawyer? That's not law. Oh, my God. I thought he used to play games with a cubs. Matt Locke. Hey, yeah, he's a, uh, a, a hillbillie detective for Goiam. Matt, we're gonna hillbillies. Shoulda neighbors? Who's there? No. Okay. Shoulda, she will put your neighbors on the list? Shazayam. No, I don't think so. Uh, who's the guy that used to do those awful promise on channel seven years ago? Was it Bill Ross? You see, now that's not before your title. You just to forgotten about it. Barnaby Jones always gets a- Oh yeah, you know the ones I'm talking about. Cornball. Before Channel 7 finally got independent of became a wacko station. Instead of making all that money. Buddy, have some speaking about a beach show. Buddy, have some. Oh yeah, there's another one of my favorites. Buddy, have some. Barnaby Jones always gets his man. Hey, did I have it? Do you know anybody named Get a Dio? Not here. I'm Get a Dio over here. I know got any buster. Really? I know a dog named Buster. He's a Dio, do you remember Buster? He died. He died too. 560, 560, power of the 560, Audi AT and T. Oh, this is going to be great. Now I don't want to do too many here. How many can we do each day? 50? No limit. Yeah, 50 sounds good. But then they're going to have to go squirl on through there. Oh, no. I think it's good for him. Yeah, it kills him good time for him. Keep moth the streets. Keep moth the trouble. Good for this crowd. Moth. 25 after 11 at 560, WD came by the way speaking of. He died. What's somebody dies, you know those flowers for, uh, Funerals can be really expensive, George. So next time somebody you know dies, call our friends at Flower Depot and call him ahead of time. So you don't have to like rush at the last second. I didn't know. 2,000 roses for only 49.95. That's right. They'll deliver 2,000 in your choice of color and a vase with babies, breath greens and a car for any occasion, whether it's an anniversary of birthday, a funeral, a bar mitzvah, a, uh, just, uh, for the hell of it. Whatever the reason is, no reposs, no surprises and even on the holidays, they don't raise the price to gouge your ass. That's right, only 49.95 for 2,000 quality roses all the time, while you're around. And they deliver 7 days a week at Flower Depot. I think anybody there right might even the dead would love for quality roses from Flower Depot wouldn't the dead love. And the living, too, of course. And it's not too early to order from Flower Depot from other days, as well. And of course, they specialize in weddings also. Me with Flower Depot for no obligation consultation, whenever you need flowers because Flower Depot very seriously does it all. Call them today at 9.5.4. 3.2.7. 9.5.4. 3.2.7. 9.2.7. 9.2.2.2.1. Me and Roger show you 10% off your order. Flower Depot, they've been living quality roses in town since 1987, while the 7 day week, they never closed. Don't forget Flower Depot is gorgeous. Not on that show. She's talking about piggy Lawrence. So she had red hair and they were like, honkers. Yeah, you honkers. How about William Shattner? Yeah, he belongs on the list. Sure, several shows. And how about Dick Clark? Gotta put Dick on the list. Absolutely. Because I would say that's my favorite show. I watched you again yesterday $100,000 a pyramid or 25. And how about Bill Cohen? Dead. No, I'm serious. But I mean, most of the game shows. He died. Yeah, he's dead too. And he did not have one lucky at Pollyon when he was a child. Yeah, Bill Cohen. Because he was on so-day, many quote, and a lot of good ones too. And don't put Jack Barry on there. Okay, we're not putting Jack Barry on there. No. Let him rest in peace. You know, Jack Barry? He died. Also, they have Bill Cohen. 5 6 7 0 5 60. And don't go to vote on these yet. Because once we get the list, the compile for today, then we'll have them all up on there. If I want to say. And then the winner from your day comes back tomorrow. I guess another row bunch. We can continue this for like 50 years. Could we? And then we'll go back to the music thing. Who's your favorite dead ball player? Come on. How about Ian Swatter? Is he dead? Cheers for a lot of deal. Hello. Yes sir. How about Audrey Meadows? Yeah. And one, I know you can't have a computer in the house. I'll go to vote for Jack and answer. Yeah, he's on there. All right. Hey, okay. See you Joe. Did he call me Hank? Uh-huh. 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Rumble Club. How about the Jane Meadows? Yeah. How about racing in the city? How about racing at the Meto? How about Roger Houston? How about Doug Snyder? Here's the Hollywood. Hello. Hey, how you doing there? Then Charlie North Jr. Yes sir. I got two best lessons. Okay. One, the Beaver. Yeah. And also Larry Hagman? Well, who would know, the Larry Hagman's got to be on there? Who would you put on there from a movie with the Beaver? The Beaver? Sure, Matthew. Terry Manvers. George is giving me a wonderful look. Well, it'd be hard to pick just one. How about Tony Dow? That's true. How about a few Beaumont? How about you Beaumont? How about Barbara Billingsley? You know, he Beaumont? He died. He's dead too. Doesn't she speak chied? Yeah. She speaks good chied. That Barbara Billingsley. Okay. Thanks, pal. Well, that's the office we've uh, he's going to get down. No. No. You know, like those people. Larry Hagman's got to be on there just for a Jane Meal on. And Dow? Thanks, let me go. How about Mary Martin if we put him on there? Now, she's dead too. She was non-TV. Mary Freakin Martin. How about Edwin? Now, we don't have enough old folks out there to put Edwin on. He was Greg. He was Greg. He was funny. And George, even though who's Edwin was? I saw those old clips. Oh, he was. I go to links to see the stand. Edwin really hard to hear on his very funny. I'm putting him on. Am I? No. I'm thinking about it. This was just too big. Well, for like 50 a day on there. Minimum, because we've already got like 6,000 here today. So, who do we decide from the beaver? Not Jerry Madd. These people are going to say, I'd say Tony Dow. He used to weigh your wood. Pencil thin belts. You'll say Tony Dow. I was sure I would. That's why I liked him. I love Tony Dow. He had those. Are you listening to me? I'd say that before. Pencil thin plastic belts. Yes. And I had one two as a matter of fact when I was a punk. But last year. No, Tony Dow. He's going on there. Not Barbara Billy's lawyer. You bull-mod. You bull-mod. All right, dad. I mean, like I said, you can't put not-not a minor character. Here's from all those shows on there. We're going to have like everybody from the guy named Brady Bunch. How about the amade? What's that was your name? The play of the name? The made. Alice. What was your name? I do. You know who I'm talking about. No way we're putting Alice on this. So we're going to get those tacos through my put Alice on there. Yeah, I understand this is an impossible task here. I have to do this for at least like the next 20, 30 years. Yeah. Here's South Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, that's funny. You were just saying about, like, secondary characters. Sam the butcher from the Brady Bunch was also a... Go on a pile. Yeah. Andy Griffith. And, uh, I don't know. He's been at-you know, all the family. What are you doing? What are you playing all the family? You're liking the later ones. A really bad one. He played like Archie's buddy or something in the bar. I don't know. Anyway, well, as you say about Barb Eden and Jacqueline Smith, those are two examples of women who I have no sex, no sex appeal to heterosexuals. I think they're just- Barb Eden doesn't? Excuse me? None. Um, also this is a kind of weird- Well, how can you say that? Yeah, heterosexual, Carly. Barb Eden was very, very cute. Jacqueline Smith for that man. And, Jane Jacqueline Smith? No, no real sex appeal. But what about David Janson? Did he have sex appeal? No, no, no. No, not really. There's a good character. David Janson was good. He was in the fugitive. Yep. And, uh, Terry. Oh. Harry? Oh, and, you know, what? How about Hawaii five? How about Jack Lord? Jack? Jack Lord. Jack Lord. Um, okay. Okay. What other kind of weird character who was in a bad show, going on pile, but Sergeant Carter, Frank Sutton, you was a good character. I've played a character good. He was no Jackland Smith though. That's true. Okay. One last thing. Yes, sir. Well, the clown was Bob Kishon. That was Captain Kangaroo. He was? Same guy. Bob Kishon played Carabelle? Yes, he did. Oh, my, to this day, I never ever knew that. Oh, my God. I thought it was Barzini all along. Don't forget boy the barber, Howard Ming Nara. Okay. Okay. Did you know that? Bob Kishon played Clarabelle. Of course, I don't know. Of course, you never thought right. Oh, you know, you seen the clips that you know, Prince of Summerfall, what is spring? No. And date now and why not? I remember the clips. Yeah, he back to date now. It was, you didn't know who that was. That Alan was very funny. I'm sure Boca Bryan is rolling on the floor. He is. His queen is Dorothy Kowgel and blow up, though, right now. But there's another guy named Bug that I missed. By the way, Barzini. That was a very provocative comment. This gentleman just made us not like a real head of a sexual to me, but never do her right now. Hey, not all head of a sexual's have good taste. Just like not all her most sexual's have good taste. And not all, if they numbers in between have good taste, thank God. But anyway. Oh, seriously. I mean, Barzini, how could anybody say that? I just got through talking about her last week. I just saw that piece on MSNBC about Barzini. Who's one of my favorite people in the world? I wouldn't say he's my favorite tea. He's the first of all time, but she's your on my list of top 10. In addition to which being, and see, we're not just talking about which show did you like, but who do you like most is a person either sexually or just because they were a neat person? You know? Like Dick Clark. I don't like Dick Clark. How about Skipper Chuck? Just throw out the locals. So you didn't grow up? You're right. He was pretty sexy, you're right. I'm not putting Skipper Chuck on there. Then we're going to have to put Ralph Redneck on there. Why not how about in Bishop? How about Dwight Lodderdale, for eating ass? Huh? Dwight is there's an award? So that's right. How many other, how many other news anchors have ever had the balls to say eating ass? Or be associated with eating ass on a market in this town? Anybody? No. No. Only the Dwight. And that cross-eyed bitch, Christie Kruger. But that's a separate category for separate day. Okay. Just don't kill them all mixed up here. Skipper up, Chuck. Okay. I do like to this restaurant, Steve Prost. So the ones where all the people have their teeth busy in the glass. Just the sound of that when you're sitting there eating your liver. Which at least, liver, you can like gum if you know. If it's cooked or right. Twenty to two before twenty two, two, no, no. Speaking of that, we got slugs coming from Ruth Chris at no. Oh, life is worth living now. See, maybe nostalgia is great. Even though it's bull crap and I admit that it's bull crap, but it's a great escape because it makes you feel that then was so much better than now. You know what I'm saying? And I'm not going to say that. Maybe it was maybe then sucked, you know. But nostalgia is tremendous because you feel like, oh yeah, back when that was on, that was great. Like back when how do you do the was on? And I used to go down the street because we didn't have our first TV at and when I was like five years old or however, now I must have been eight years old on the street her parents had about the only TV in the neighborhood. And for your four of us kids would go down the street and we'd watch how do you do the every afternoon on that TV set? Now worth those days great? No, they sucked, you know. They sucked. No Markaway, boven's. Yeah, no cell phone. This weekend, dream works pickiers presents, a timeless love story between the two richest, jealous actors in Hollywood, jewelry lovers and red pit stars in the Mexican. You're the jume taco. You're the jume taco. You're the jume chimi janga. The Mexican and coming soon from dream works, the Chinaman. The Chinese. The Native American. The French men. We, you fit in that few 16 till noon at 5. 60 WCM. Here's one of those. What do you think about putting Tim Kamoyanilize? No. We already had that suggestion. Tim Kamoy is not going on the way. Minor. How about Ardy, what's his name? What was his name? Ardy Jekansen. No. So here's somebody who says here is vealist, underlining vealist, like a service squiggles there. Look at those squiggles, look a little like Greg's not there. Only this is a written part much to entail. It's made to have been written by Greg. Christy McNickle. What do you think about him? I mean her. Christy McNickle. And remember Christy McNickle's brother? I'm sure you don't. Jame McNickle, I do. Do I read you one of them going to be on the list? No. We've got a Chinaman's chance. I mean, look, we could put 50,000 names on the list. And do this for the next 20 years. And then we'd be out of business here. But I think generally speaking, oh. I generally speak and we got to limit it to people who have a chance. Who got a shot? And one thing? Christy McNickle is not going to win. Can't the court? What was the name of the show he was on? The cap show? Can't the court? The rookies? No, he was on the list. No, he was on the list. Adam 12, very good. Who was on the rookies? Michael Lampchine. What about the Schwarz Center? What about the Schwarz Center? I'm Schwarz, right? No, there are any of them going on there? No, how about Jean Rayburn? How about him? Why not? Well, just we have a bit about him. Thank you, Blanc. Yeah. Perfect. I saw that last night on the Game Show. I like. He's very, very, very, very, very. I like. Yeah. A lot of the dead Game Show host. He's right. Oh yeah, let's put Jean Rayburn on. What the hell? Make folk a Brian happy. No, we're not putting Jean Charles daily on your, okay? Or Gary Moore. Although interestingly, if you're really a TV buff and his old design, you're the same or probably should be on was because he was on for a long, long time. On the other side was the Gary Moore show. There was I've got a secret. There was a whole, he was Gary Moore was a thing. He was an icon. He was a pioneer. How about Dave Gerway? No. How about news people? How about Walbert Kronkai? Sure, not, they're not going to worry. Check out Lee. David Brinkley? Peter Jennings? Dan rather? Tom Wilhol? Oh it's just a bit of a deal. Let's see Jean Rayburn, Tony Dows, he Tony Dows, as belong in London, as part of your inappropriate comments, which were very accurate. Oh, okay. So I had the hotspot Tony Dows big deal and he wasn't that great either to be honest with you. But you know, he was with something there. How about Junior on the life of Riley? How about William Bendicks? He said. He died. You long tired of a Wendell as the guy was full of crap the cat who was disembarked with Jack or Smith. We don't need him to tell us they can pose the door now okay. You can go to the other side. Oh, it's a jar. Did we get dick? Van Dyke on there yet? We got dick. Clark. Mary Tyler Moore. All Mary Tyler Moore and Dick Van. Mary Tyler Moore. She's got to be on her. She has nothing for me. She leaves me limp. And Dick. Van Dyke. Oh, it's a gale garden. Remember gale garden? No. He was on with, I mean, I know who it is. Well, he was a character actor. He was on, uh, armistbrooks. Uh, you, you, you, you probably don't remember. I'll carry a comment that you're going to be. I'll put an image on list. Okay. We put images on list. We'll put Timmy from a passion zone. Okay. How about Timmy? Milton Pearl. I did put on community on her. How could he not put him on her? Morton Downey Junior? No. He tried. Yeah, but he's still not going to. Joe Flynn? Who? Exactly. Who the hell is Joe Flynn? How about Joe's on here? He was at the high in here. Huh? Okay. Trend setting. There may be a hundred people on each day, you know what? Can we do, is it physically possible to do that? We put a thousand on it. Oh, like I said, maybe we'll do a hundred on it. Day. For Eric. How about jumping jack-o-brain? Hey, this okay, if you visit any area. Jump in jack-o-brain. Who is that? Little little. Okay. So, that will have to be the same. Also from the different perspectives. Okay. How about out the first time you're here? Yeah. How about the ferrofossic is on here? She was big in her day. What did you give me such a half-ence to Anne? I was just so tired of her. I was so crazy. I don't know what works so crazy about her the first time around. Yeah, she had those nipples. How about lead to Carter? What are you saying? No. Jim Carrey and living color? No. And then here's a good one. The host, they don't even know the name, the host from Survivor. I'm Jeff. Anil probes. Yeah. No thanks. So we got quite a list of all, but here are the, your favorite 400,000 people from TV. How about Gabby Hayes? How about have a long cast? How about how about this? How about, uh, yeah, how about some of those old cowboy shows? Wild Bill Hickock? How about, I got one George. Alfred Hitchcock? Huh? There is a good one. Alfred? And guess what? He died? Yeah. Probably too much fat. 560, 505, 60, 50, 50, 50, 60, only AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I think we've undertaken this, this far transcends the music thing, you know? This goes way above and beyond that. Here's a lady in Margave, hello. Hi Neil. Yes man? What's this thing? What's the eval of the lone ranger? What's that chase over you? No, chase over he'll fight Tonto. He did. The lone ranger was, uh, Waste beaver played him on the radio. What then? What was the name of the guy to play the lone ranger? Can I play, uh, play for a little more? Played in more. Very good. We have a he's not going on. Um, I'm going to have a long cast here. I remember, uh, death Valley days in the old ranger. I remember that. You remember that? Sure. That's great. But my favorite show was. In fact, they used to be, uh, What they know as Barraczo used to be one of the sponsors. I remember, like, you know, uh, but, uh, Funny, funny, funny, funny Mil Timoraczo. Um, my favorite show was always the Honeymooners segment of the Jackie Gleefon Show, uh, and my aunt knew him personally because she worked in a Sherry and Chen and he's the stay there and she called him butterball. Uh-huh. I just love that segment of the show. You know when he when he was alive I get it. It was certainly not when he was dead. He didn't go to the track but he was when he was living down here. He used to go to a pump at a park quite often. And he was sitting in the clubhouse and they had a table right up against the window and the first row in the dining room. And they had him like sheltered off either one anybody anywhere near him. And he was what he was entitled to you know but he was very, you know, and he was like, well, did he? He did, didn't he? I'm sure he never spent any time in the pool. Yeah, I'm a pool, I'm not a pool. I still love it. I have the tapes and I watched the month of the week. You know when I left off this bus, talk about his dead Caesar? Yeah. And imaging call call, yeah. Yeah. We could go on and on. Yeah, all of us old povis. Have a great day, sweetheart. Okay, bye-bye. Yeah, so Caesar's on list. A to boot us. 560, 560, pound 560. Should I start getting the shows off confused? Who is on which? So Steve Allen showed. Oh, head of the best. Don't not. Tom Poston. Louis Nye. Dayton Allen. She I keep matching day now. That's the 14th. I've a match that could judge the know that is. I mean, we don't even know Clare Bell. How could you know TV? Sorry. You should be. I'd watch it if they had it on somewhere. Now what's the question that he had land goes back to? How are we at that question? Who is your all-time favorite TV celebrity? Come out faster, he would. Here's a medicine was constant, hello. I knew my kick would be a James Darner. Hmm. Broughtford files. Right. Yeah. Did he go alive? Sure. Oh, it could fool me. He looks like the walking. Yeah, he's got to be on here. He was sure I'm a lot of shows. Yep. Okay. Right. Talk. Thanks. Come on. Call him all the way from medicine was constant. The suggestion is Garner. I'm so sorry. I'm so glad that they did. Now he's got to be on here. He's been on a lot of shows. We're going to put the bannands of people on there. Lauren Green. Lauren was on a lot of shows also. Like one. Name you one of his show. He's got a lot of galactic. Oh, that show was on three weeks. You know who was on that show? We're Springfield. Yeah. Can we put a real Springfield on those? He was on general hospital. Can we put him on the list? No. Come on. I want him on the list. No. He's on my list. Huh? Now look. I mean, I know you know like his music. But you got to have once upon a time he looked human. As long as he didn't speak. How about Richard Simmons? Speaking of amt. I'm thinking of how about John Stamos. Blacky from general hospital. What's the show? What's the show he's on now? And he's still looking the same now as he did then. He's on some trouble in charge. No, no, no. That's not John Stamos. Oh, that's the spot they owe in William's. Yeah. William's score scored but not as good as Peter North. I don't know what John Stamos is on. So if that's what Monika said. She said, Bubba, but in score scored not as good as the one of them. And that's what got him in a lot of trouble. Doesn't belong to the list. How about Edames? So over back in the music again. Who doesn't belong on the list? We don't want to hear about it. John Stamos is belong on the list. See, what do you know? How do you know John Stamos don't belong on the list, mister? Yeah, how about the soap opera people? How about the... Now we can't do that. There's too many. And if we do soap opera, they'll mention that bits from all my children again that the Spamists were being the most stiff area. This is in Luchin. Kuchin Kuchin, get rid of Susan Luchin. Oh, man. I hit that show. I can't stand her. It makes me not just thinking that there's people watching it. I vote for passions before I vote for that thing. God. Anybody? Huh? Tell us. Tell us. Thank you very much. Hey, don't be knocking John Stamos, okay? I always got room in my house for him. Here's Boca, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. A couple of followers are going to one guy's crazy about Bar reading. That's not like that. That one, what he said was un-American, I think. Oh, my God. Yeah. 40 years old, but man, don't think thinking about her. He must have bad eyesight. And my grandparents were from just Southwest to Cooper's town. Between Cooper's town and O'Neon. Right. And Claire Bell. And he's married. He's white. They had a restaurant. I forget what that wrote. It's just a two-lane highway. And you know what I know. So, it's country. So, it's a big kitchen. But it wasn't Bob Kuchen. No, it wasn't him. I'd recognize him. My God. He had even something to do with the article. He's dead by the way. He died about two years ago. Bob Kuchen is dead? He died. Oh, Claire Bell. Well, Claire Bell is dead, too. Yeah. I think it was all time of God. Oh, my God. Yeah. He's got a cellophilic. Buffalo Bob is dead. Howdy, duty is dead. Mr. Bluster is dead and Claire Bell is dead. And Claire Bell. And I want to be surprised if Princess Semaphil Winter Springs did, too. There he go, telling. A beautiful country up there, but not in the winter. Forget it. Right. My dad's from Rochester, too, by the way. I'm so sorry. I know. They make good use of club beer up that way, though. And Jenny. Okay, pal. All right. Let's see if copsill. All right. Bye. See you in the Lalaqs come out for those three weeks here. That's what Rochester's real pretty. You know, when Lalaqs come out, you can sniff him. And that's it. Then you go to Don and Bob's the ones that are still left. And you say, boy, sure, it was nice being back here for a couple minutes. Yeah, you just can't go back. That's why not stiles. It's so great because you can talk about it. But I mean, try to go back for you to about that. Like, go back to Detroit. How's all my favorite restaurants? But combos. That's still there. No. How about the, uh, to pick us? No. London Chopper. No. They're all gone. They're all replaced by charters. You know, matter where you go and you go back to try to hurry or we kindle your youth and those way where they're all gone and replaced by dark folks. That's called getting even. See they don't need any reparations. They're already getting even with us. And if you don't believe me, just go to Northeastern. Take a look around. Yeah. They're getting even with us. See we'll teach you, Hunky's a lesson. I'm the one who's taking me. Come on. 25, 60 WQ. I'm happy Monday. See we got Hank coming up from Schloss take to a two. The mad dog. Yeah. And that's six to late 30. Then we got to the marlin stuff. Certainly with a crow, eight, 30 and any K after the Marlin ever signed a Arizona Donn backing. Should have a big audience for that one. You know, based on the attendance to get not there. Here's the trust suggestions, okay. Which some will have to be on list. I'm going to go to our list again. But here. But here listen to this list. Grouch your marks. Sure. Gotta be on the gun. Oh. Fred Gwyn. No. Well, when I liked him, but what did you do because of the officers? Again, these have to be people that have a chance to win. Okay. Okay. John Aston. Please. Are Carny? Again, I liked him. Is he going to win? No. No. Yes, smart. Sureman Hamasley, we mentioned him. I, I don't know. We've got to put him on or don't we? Wait, guys. You got to know. I'm talking about there. I'm going to show you. Oh, that's right. I got to put a few tokens for his honor. Sherman Hamasley. But they're not going to know who that is. Okay. So Eric, when we put Sherman Hamasley on there, put George Jefferson in parentheses, I, I, you know, I realized that's pretty stupid to do. But again, we got a lot of stupid people out there. He's, it's not like he's a famous person. You know what I mean? It is for us an afternoon. You know, by that name. Right. You see him and you think it's like George, just like you've seen his wife. He's like, he's like, that's weasy, you know, which I wouldn't know what his wife's name is anyway. Would you? They actually supplied weasy. What about the maid? What about Florence? Who played her? Not that we want, she's not going to be on the list. Florence was good. Yes, she's funny. And then I, you know, a couple of long stairs, time and what's going on? This is the Wills' right. Time and whatever. Whatever. If I knew her, what do you say? Yeah, we got to put him on here. I don't like about it. I knew her. He used to be very funny. Long, long, long, long time ago. Just like I put on here. He was. A long time ago. George wonder why is this person there? What's his? Because he once upon a time, he was very funny. We could feel sorry for him. Ted Knight. Oh, no. Good night nurse. Now. Oh, somebody, here's a good one. He's a good one. Come on, me, shall. What do you say? Oh, me, shall, Gillan. Here's one of his, I F and H. Lucy, but she should be on the list. He's already on the list, sir. I'll read, I'll read, we did a list in a second. How about foster Brooks? I'm foster, he would on there before foster Brooks. Let's see. How about, uh, fancy? Can we winkler? Anybody from that show? Well, you got to put Richie on there. Well, because he was in a whole bunch of shows. He was on Andy Griffiths. Ron Howard. Crew up on. He can't stand Ron Howard. For long's on the list. Okay, not only for his TV stuff, but then, you know, he got big of it. Okay, Ron Howard. Henry Winchler. And if we're going to put them on, how about Scott Bale? He. And this way, he looked at how the lot better than they did. See, you're forgetting again, they're the category for you. The premise of this. You didn't have to like him because they were great actors or actresses or because they were, uh, or very funny. Maybe you were sitting close to the TV and getting all nervous about it. Notice in jerky. Huh? Scott Bale, what do you say now? Okay. Well, it's a moment of weakness on my part. Williams. Uh, let's, and how about, uh, well, shields in your nail. No. Herb Edelman. Who the hell is her bed at the Boca Brian list? Cause he said, oh, yeah, you idiot. Oh, same venue stop me in mystery in Frank Petrie. You belong in a P.D.D. show, okay? Frank Petrie. You maniac. Start ski and hutch. Who was on that show? Well, probably like the ladies are, I like the ladies are doing the soul. Very good. How about the six million dollar man? Who was, uh, he's dead. So he's not the neighbors? The six million dollar man was not at the gym neighbors. You guys. He might have done the six million lost in the gym. No, not Steve Austin. Steve Nickel. The six million dollar man was, uh, Major majors. Or stay on the left. Right. Stan A.J. was the $2,000 man. That's the six million dollar man. Well, I thought it was the guy with those day one king size sandwiches with the six million dollar man. Would Jerry Wichner. In a Jerry Wichner? All right. He was on there. He had a couple of theories. Lee, man. Andrews. Well, let's talk about the six million dollar man. Hey. Jerry Wichner. Come on. Jerry Wichner. Jerry Wichner. Oh, Lee, Major. Okay. Very good. This is a very, I think we might do 100 a day. Huh? You'll be scrolling until your eyes are popping out of your head. Don't keep you busy like I said. Keep you off the street. Which obviously from what we heard today. It's a very necessary. We're doing a few of his service. Six minutes passed. Nice to know. I don't see any lunch yet. I don't want to start playing bush boss with Gary Sarno. You know, because he is very Jewish. And he probably put some kind of money on the table. This would be Gary Sarno. You know, because he is very Jewish. And he probably put some kind of a hudu, a hudu hex on me. A hudu, a curse. Here is a Western hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Good evening. Good evening. Good lunch time. You mentioned a few of the names I was going to read just in the recent few minutes. Okay. Okay. Sit here. You're an energy calca from your show. How could you leave that on? Are you camp because I mean, that was early TV too. And that was really probably some of the best writing, but improvisation to be too. Because a lot of that was live. So, but you know, I was so a lot of you for Tim Kauai, but I agree with you. It was a supporting role. Yeah. And if you hit Tim Kauai, then you got to kind of put in Don Naut and Quarles, Leachman. Oh. And then Joe Flynn, you asked to Joe Flynn when he was captain Bingham, Chen and Mikhail's name. I never watched this show. I've heard about her. I've heard about her. I've heard about her. I've heard about her. I've heard about her. I've heard about her. I've heard about her. So I've heard about her. She was a singer. She was a singer. So I've heard about her. And she was a singer. So I've heard about her. And she was a singer. And she was a singer. And it was a band for Brown who went on to produce and direct and TV. Florence from the Jefferson's was Marcia Gibbs, was her name. And somebody asked, what was on the sample and son? The wander page. She was a very famous black comedian. She also was a stripper in her early years. And then a very nasty filthy black comedian. And her later years. and drivers like I know. No, no, no. Nothing winners, that's a, uh, uh, how about Richie's little? Well, no. Johnson winner's only because he was just so, he, you know, he was a nutcase, so, you know, Rod Serling? Yeah. But you know, a lot of these names are like, there's some great shows on TV. I was thinking about like Barney Miller and Debbie Carp himself. They didn't have any, any, any, any, any. Barney Miller had Hall ended, who was a great actor, but he's not going to, he's not going to win this, you know, I mean, there's some great shows that didn't have showcase talent that you're, you know, that you're trying to put in there. Right. Uh, um, well, we'll do that another time with a show as you know. You know, the great shows. But then, you, very early asked about Freddie Prince Chicon, the man. I think that character was introduced, though, on San Francisco, which you could think about. San Francisco was kind of a breakthrough show too for, uh, African American entertainment because it, it was a funny show. It was, um, for it all black cast. It was exactly and Red Fox was hysterical in the, you know, in that role. It got to stay after a while. How come they didn't let no white folks on there? Are they like discriminating now? And they're talking white talk to you like Denny's and reverse. It was reverse discrimination. What was that? Well, shame on him. Anyway, well, I think we're going to have like at least a thousand names. And by the time you finish getting to voting in, it will be like, well, folks, they'll be like, eight votes will be cast. Cause nobody have time to go through the whole thing. Exactly. Okay. We'll find out a year from circus. There you go. Now, look at this. Here's some fact. I mean, somebody here. Look at this. There's worth thinking about. But wouldn't win the full Scott Bale. Any of the van patents, don't see it. How about Vince van Patton? Could you play me, Denny? Huh? He was on Apple's gay away. Vince van Patton. Did you ever see Apple's way? Yeah. Luke, help and all Luke, help him on flipper. Now we're talking and Christopher Adams. This is now you know where my mind is. Yes, they places mine is. I mean, yeah, good choices. Here's what it says. Michael landed for his whole banana day. He's on there. Let me read the list before we do any more of this. So, because they're going to be factoring and repeating stuff that we already have on there. Okay. Which we don't want you to do that. Cause why waste your time in our facts paper. Who is your all-time favorite TV celebrity? To any reason, because you like the way they looked or the way they acted or were funny, whatever reason. Who do you just love? Since Caesar, Phil Bonnehu, Farah Fawson, Barbrain, Elizabeth von Kretis, Elizabeth von Kremrie, Lucy O'Ball, Jackie Gleason, Johnny Carson, David Lutterman, Florence Henderson, David Cassidy, William Conrad, Kelly Sevales, Jack Parr, Steve Allem, Murray Tyler Moore, Dick Van Dyke, Jean Raver, Bill Colon, William Schatter, James Garner, Dick Clark, Jack. Or trade your five six being you, eight out. How young is too young? Hope, against the rapper, straight out of the hood. Bang and Jay, low daily, you know that life was good. Back in the heat, in the mowels, working on the rap. Everyone was living large, till someone bus the chap's smell, only lay their bleeding, to one in the sleep. I'll be told the driver, if you're done they done seem. You made the headlines, the front page of the post. I hope you've seen it five six, you WCM, here's Bob Lincoln sends over whole packages, stuff about Akins and Nutrition and Nistened Edits, he says, get rich from Akins. I mean, whatever he says. Hey Bob, we all want to look just like Bob Lincoln, no wait. No, and sing just like him too. We all want big, guys. Go count your money, Bob. I'll leave us alone. Here's the fact, it's, and I'll read the list again in about a half hour, but I can't do it now, because I just got through weed in the air. We just, you know, that would be the end of the show. I'll get to it. It says, most white people might hate him like poised, but if you're talking about actors who dominate the certain period of time on TV, in this case, mid-Azioftat, Bill Cosby, Bill Cosby's out of list, Robert, you thank you. I don't do anything, most white people hate him like poised, no. I don't hate Bill Cosby, I just find him annoying. Anymore, the only thing he ever did that was interesting to me was like, Jell-O-Po-T-A-S-Pots, which were very annoying. They were all geared to those stupid little punky kids. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anything else? No, that's his out of list. What was the show he was on? Was he on ice, by? Bill Cosby and, um, wasn't he? Two is on ice, you know. About half of one of those shows, one, I think it was him. Robert Culp. And Bill, no? Look how big he was on ice pot. What do you mean you don't know? What is wrong with you, man? Just because you were young punk. Okay, will you have your shi-cat experience speaking of Bill Bixby? Will he let him off the list? He should be on, or should he? No. So I'm not asking you, you will like Bill Bixby. He was on a lobby? I don't think he's got a chance, but I don't think he'll get three votes. You're wrong. I'm putting the monolith just to be okay, you're full of crap. He's not going to win, but he even longs on there. He was on a white river, the large hays father. He's a large hays father. He's a large hays father. Oh, how incredible, how can he stalking hays? And he should be off the list just because of that. Oh. What about my favorite martian, you like that? Yeah, sure. What about Ray Walson? If we're not going to win, we're going to win. All right. Yeah, I did. Not too long ago. Oh, how could we have forgotten Raymond Burr? How could we? Oh, that's right, you didn't like cop shows. That was a lawyer show. Perry, you'd like Perry, mate. So like Perry, Nathan, that was a lawyer show. Oh, how about our inside? Cops show. Well, nobody's perfect. And guess what, Raymond Burr? He died. Also. Roy Walson. Roy Walson, I think we're putting an old Roy on there. Cal, we can't put Cal boys on there. Cal boys? Guy Madison, he played the, well, Bill, his, your, his, cock, I did like Guy Madison. But for different reasons. Well, what was wrong with Guy, you didn't even know who that is? Nope. You don't even know who that is. Don't you remember the Vuster Brown show? No, of course not. Tunk, your magic twinger, Froggy. She said that today to put you in jail for 10 years. Can you see that on the air today? No. See, when I'm making progress, we're regression. We're regression. We're going backward all your kids out there. They actually used to be able to talk about it and do it on your plunk. Your magic twinger. And I imagine they think you're talking about something else. Because they're much of perverts. Yeah, how about the, who's the host on the Andy Divine? Big fan Andy Divine. No, who that is? No. He was the host of the Vuster Brown show. He was also from cowboy. Who's sidekick was Andy Divine? Some cowboy. Somebody will know. See, these are very important things, aren't they? Yeah, very important stuff. Pick it a big fat host. Yeah, big Wilson. Big, how about Gary Sarner? Oh, he's not a big or a fat. And he's not that popular. Okay, but he has to have lunch from roots Chris, which is all we care about. It's like a beautiful, wonderful thing. Like I said, we like your restaurant or a lot. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yeah, sure. You may forgot an YouTube Ed Sullivan and Jack Webb. How could we leave off Ed Sullivan? My grandma used to call him Ed Solomon. He owned Sunday night. Him and Steve Allen. Yes. Because, you know, everybody tuning Ed Sullivan just... And who is the second one? I'm a man. Jack Webb. Jack Webb. I think Jack Webb belongs on a list. George, whatever. He won't get three votes. No, he's pretty mokey. Everybody, he doesn't take the long side of his, he won't get three votes. I like that show. Yeah, that's what he got to say. How'd you like that show? Was it cop show? It was a comedy show. Yeah, it's quite a comedy show. Huh? Was it dragged in on the air? Yeah, they tried to bring it back in the 60s. Uh-huh. So it had to be back to the comeback. Twice. Well, I'll think about it. I'll put it down in pencil. Okay. Thanks. What's next is at Sam's League. Ha ha ha ha ha. How'd you partner? Not at school. Of course I do. I have any school to hear. Excellent. Thank you very much. Now wait a minute. What's in here? Ooh, barbecue, shrimp, and steak. Thank you very much. Ruth Chris provides lunch today. And boy, you know, it's going to be sensation. Do I love Ruth's crisp, huh? Uh-huh. Since spectacular. Five, six, seven, five, six, ten, pound, five, sixty, only eight, two, ten, and two. And Verizon wireless line. You're favorite TV. See, this is not something you probably spent a lot of time thinking about. Let's go. What you ought to be, you ought to be thinking about this. So maybe for this, take your ass in a box. And all this, balloony, about why I read Jick is coming over the weekend. It was very good. Nice going, Tom. You may not know much about the Jeffersons, but you're right on target about these people much of turn off TV for one day like there's something in here on the evil about TV. God, what's up at the hell would we do without TV? And no, Tom, they all fucked the old days before we had TV. What's never going to be like the old days before we had TV, okay? Is it ever going to be like that again? No. Can you imagine what you would do without TV? Mr. Hot Shot? God, am I supposed to talk to my wife? Huh? Can you probably even force this out with the case? You start talking to your wife a lot more. All you people out there is things that divorce rates bad now. What if we had no TV? And then we got some smart ass and go to Collins today. Well, if we didn't have TV, then you'd have less divorce because people wouldn't be arguing as so much about the quicker, you know? That's the big thing is who's got the goddamn cooker? I did the feeling that I'm going to mung all over myself with the school here, which I really don't want to do. Oh, look at that, George. Look at that. A beautiful rib eye, could just the way I like it, medium well. And these barbecue shrimp that could just not your socks off from Ruth Chris. Take us. Thank you very much, guys. Here's my, honey. Hello. Hi, yes sir. Was we the ester-hole that over-dimensioned? No, no, no, no. No, I have to roll was on good times. Oh, I did with JJ. How about a idiot karaoke from the man's uncle? Oh, yeah. Remember him? George with no one. Robert, Robert von. Yeah. Yeah, no. I know you said don't call in under 82 with my grandson just called. And let me know. I was only 81. Excellent. That was a good. Thanks. We had a wish we could make it. Another thing. What? David? When it was his name, David von. David, when Robert von and David, Helix, David von, who is he other than? Who's he other than? He's a good dude with David's soul. No, not David's soul. The blonde guy on that show. Helix, karaoke. No. That was his character. Yeah, but what was his name? Oh, I don't know. No, we'll find out. Hot to all. Deal. Do you think that's often get very good with the draft as far as as the draft. That's where I never heard of. See ya. Say goodbye. You're all time rejected. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18 day. By calling about the angel of vine. What show who he was sidekick to? What cowboy? Gonna be some old fart like me. Say and you notice one of those things just like with the music. Isn't that interesting, huh? And you're going to say well that's because you don't have that many young people. Listen, both crap. But you'll notice that most of these names are from shows that have been on long roll. Am I right about then? Do you have anything to get to the goal of your old girl? No thanks. No thank you. How about the Ellen Ludden? Which we still do like his cop drops? He died. Huh? What do you think? No. No. He won't get three votes. Here's a level in four-lotted for a last video. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes sir. No sports talk. No more into that last caller. Yeah, when he's old and he's old and he's old and he can help himself. The best show, as I remember growing up, was mod. You know why? Hey, damn barbell. Oh. Incredible. Yeah. And the worst. Belki's in the right. Spokees in the right. Have a nice day. You too thank you. I don't like Spokees in the right. And channel 7. They can't even stand her name. And what's the one? The academy. I can never think of her name. The one with a cat eyes. Well, she makes me. That whole channel 7. It's like a free show is what it is. Yeah. I just want to got that's big numbers. Everybody likes a free show. Here's Miami Beach home. Yeah. Hi Neil. I think that Andy Divine was wild. Bill Hickock's sidekick. I remember the phrase. I think I'm right on this where we would say, hey wild. Wait for me. Huh? Remember that phrase on that show? No. I don't remember. Well, Bill Hickock very well. Yeah. But I think the sidekick there was Andy Divine. And you know what? Yeah. He died. He could be now from my suggestion from the of credentials. My favorite Diana Rig. Diana Rig. From the Avengers. Huh? You know, just top notch. Mm-hmm. That's, you know, that's that be my guess. Others in that. You've got the nomination. So ready, Jackie. Police in the Alfred Hitchcock. You remember the name of the guy that was on with Robert Bon on the, Um, I don't know. First name was David. David something. Yeah. Really pretty. Not. Huh? I'm bad at actors and actresses. No, David. I'm a Desiree member. I'll be a curieock and with Napoleon Solon. Man from Uncle. Right. Right. I did nation's for somebody will call in David something. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Bye. I could look in the book, but that would be too easy for some eat and lunch right now. So, you're very started being the real big shot that he's eating. He brings me a plastic fork. I've got a steak knife for you. I got a beautiful, revised steak here from Rootsburg. I've got a steak knife for you. I don't need one. I thought he would act like he would do it. I don't need something. This is so tender that I'm cutting it with a plastic knife. Mm. God. David McCallum. Thank you very much. David McCallum. God bless you, folks. Boy, see? Sometimes you put the audience down, but that's only those idiots in the first hour. The Monday morning, first hour. But once we get on to something, we're getting important like TV crap like trivia. Like all those old fogeys, then we got some good going on. David McCallum and Robert Vaughan. We got a pretty good list going here. I would think. Not a dead people, too. Now, what do you eat? A salad. And there's, I think there's a couple shrimp over here and a little bowl. Remember we were worried about how steak would travel until on a salad? Yeah. How's the travel? I'll take your word for it. That meat is sensational. Why am I giving it all? Well, I'm not going to bother you. I'm a little nut. 26 after noon is 5. For x-60, that would be a QAM. You want a good night's sleep tonight and every night for a long time to go. Of course you do unless you're nuts. So, meach you look great, meach you know mattress. Talks out the lumpy old bumpy one, even the best ones don't last forever. And get your great mattress from our friends at Dala mattress. That's what I always do and you should do. Dala mattress is the original, the easy, the small way to buy you a new brand name mattress. They got lower house prices every day of your life. So instead of waiting for a following picture into some phony sale in a dividing room department's store, here's the way to do it. All of those store saw house brand mattresses, which is called for cheap garbage, but never Dala mattress. They wouldn't waste their time with stuff like that. They saw only national made brand mattresses like surdain cilis, cemars and king koa. When you call on an 800 mattress, you can be sure the mattress you want is always in stock too. And they've over to you seven days a week on the day in time that you want whatever's convenient for you. And depending on where you're going, as soon as the couple hours after you can make that one easy phone call. Only Dala mattress gives you a 30 day in home. And you can't control your life. It's the old night made now. You criminalized pot in Florida. I williamsshatner. I williamsshatner. Take this woman. Take this woman. Take it. Take it. Take me down to the solid ice city. Where the gas is green and go. Oh, pretty. Okay. To have and to hold to have and to hold. Hold. Hold me down. Hold me. In your loving eyes. Day with me. Let. Let the star lets love. Star. That's fine. But if it's not so much to ask, I'd like to keep this ceremony simple. Do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife? I do. Darling, I do. Everything I do, I do for you. Look into my eyes. You will see what you mean to me. Such a heart and such a soul. And when you find me there, you'll search no more. By the powers invested in me, I now pronounce you man and wife. You may now kiss the bride. Just kiss the damn bride. Isn't that one of the things we love about William Shadman? The fact you don't take himself too seriously? No. Yeah. Like when his wife's running to pull, he didn't take that seriously. No. He went off and got that young chicken ran off the mic. So go and get married again. I was going there, Billy. He's out of this world. So the lunch is sensational. George, you didn't get too much because he's watching his way. Then you got to get her. I didn't know I was, but I didn't get very started. Don't like you very much. Not all those shows I did on his grill. Oh, that's right. That's right. Too much Palestinian talk. And then when you start staying there for Benny, he'll be able to get his talk. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50. You look at Robert. I don't even know what this name is. G-I-L-L-A-U-M-E. G-O-M-G-M. Who is that? Benson. Benson. Benson. Harry Benson. Robbie Benson. I don't know who that is. What's Benson? Benson was a sitcom. She was also on soap. He was the black-bought learning. He got spun off. It was on sitcom. Well, the answer is low. And speaking of no, here's another one. Oprah. Now see, I can't go. Not in the middle of my lunch. Somebody say Oprah. We got to put her on. Yeah, she's big. Huge. That's 600 pounds. Okay, she's on the list and I do, oh. Ah! Sorry. I'm apologizing to myself for putting that bitch on her Oprah. Yeah, she's got to be honest. She's got all these millions of women. Millions of imbecils. Idiots. Just following her every word. Buying the books that she's peddling. Find into this week's diet. Oh, here's the good one. Lawrence Welch. I'm afraid that her audience is quite that old yet. Okay. Nice try. I wanted to. Bob Newhart. He's on the list. Here's some other ones on here. Let's see. Phil's. Phil's was. I don't know. I never thought he was very funny. Did you think Phil's was funny? So? Oh, you know who that is? Two glasses bald comedian. You got to know her. Downward in that. He was in some, I don't know. One of those materials is a navy kind of shows. But not that one. I'm sure if I'm here. He's not going to be a list. Raymond Burzon here. Larry Hagmanson here. Eddie Albert. What do you say? Eddie Albert? No. If we put Eddie Albert in there, we got to put Eva Gabor and Josh Gabor. Murr Griffin. Is it Murr Griffin going on our list? No. No, when we have the list, they, when we do that, they have pulled on famous closet people up over the runner. Robert Conrad. Wild Wild West and Bob Bob Black sheep. What do you say? Robert Conrad. No. Yeah. He. You know what I mean? Take him or leave him. He's just, they're not strong enough. It's got to be somebody really strong. Somebody really, really strong. And he's strong. Mobile in West and hello. Good afternoon, Dale. Yes, sir. Did the average child have more advantage? Yeah, we got them. How do I rob her wager? Yeah. Buddy Hudson. Yeah, he's on her. And we're reading the comic. My personal favorite. Who's moving the comic? Marcia Brady. Oh, I. Okay, have a great day. All right. Okay, perfect. We're in the comic. The last thing you know what we have in people Conrad and say, Scott Beow. Yeah. Chris Agons. Poverts. Fags. Like me. Tony Dow. Rick Nelson. John Schneider. Willie Eames. Not straight. Did you have the one I left out? Well, all of the old. John Stamos. What's wrong with John Stamos? What's right with him? Besides that. I got a news for him. If you're going to have Ronnie Howard and Henry Winkle-Ronner, Ron Howard is a talent. And Henry Winkle-Ronner? Yeah. Dr. D. Yeah, exactly. He's got to be on her own because he'll get some post because there's a certain bunch of people out there. There may be the A. I think we heard from him in the first hour. Yeah. That's the A crowd. How about the A team? How about Mr. T? What do you say? He died. I see dead. No? Mr. T? Name a comeback. Does any of you see all those spots that he's doing right now for the 1,800, whatever that phone thing is? 1,800, right down. Yeah, I have seen the funny. Yeah. But what happened? I thought he was dying or something. He got better. Yeah. He was just wanting too much gold and it was way them down. Was that what it was? 5,670, 550, 5,60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Time. What do you go over to list again? Now that I got a multiple of barbecue shrimp. Ed Sullivan. Raymond Burr. Build Bixby, which you wouldn't want to build Bixby under, which I think that's, I think George is a communist. Build Bixby, Sid Seaser. Build On a Hugh. For a faucet. Barber Eden. I still can't believe the guy I've been called before about Barber Eden and who is the other one from Jack Winsmith. He must have one eye. You know it? You look a bit monochrome, Lucille Ball. Jackie Gleason. Johnny Carson. David Letterman. Florence Henderson. David Cassidy. William Conrad. Kelly Sevales. Jack Par. Steve Allen. Mary Tyler Moore. Dick Van Dyke. Jean Rayburn. Bill Colon. James Garne-Rarner. William Shattner. Dick Clark. Jack Lord. Didn't George Harrison make us a son about him? Yes, my Jack Lord. That's good. Bob Barker. Larry Hagman. Regist Phil Ben. Tony Dow, Carol O'Connor. Susan Day. I'm a lot. Yeah. Susan Day's not gonna have. Yeah, how many votes are she gonna get? But she's got to be on here. Oh, you know, we like, well Milton Burrell. Trouble Brandon. Sherman Hemisphere. And in parentheses George Jefferson. Jerry Seinfeld. Bob Newhart. Bill Cosby. Jay Leno. Ron Howard. Henry Winkler. Lee Major. Andy Griffith. Buddy Epson. Alfred Hitchcock. You know why didn't ask you about? Donnie and Marie. What about him? Neither one of them belongs on the list. For one question of how about Sonny and Cher if you're gonna go that route. What do you mean one flash? Donnie and Marie have had the 80 million different shows on TV for a long time. So, well, those two, sorry. Two. There are music shows they're talk show both of them all. We're weak and didn't last. Johnny has been my kid a lot of votes. There's a lot of us out there, I know. Holders. Right. I'm very, in fact, I wrote my bicycle to work this morning. Do you like my tie? And your name tag. And you're who? And you're who? And you're helmet. Is that your wise? 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. How about her, which one? Huh? Okay. Do you know who that is? Yes, I'm guy. Some Indiana corned-ton. Comey-do. Little swiner. I got it. Collingwood squares. Paul Lind. Yeah. He gets in both. He could have come. He was on the be wished. Sure. Crazy uncle. You right? What else was he on? That was about it. How about Charles Nelson Rally? No. Jack Cogman? How about Tony Randall? And Jack Cogman. Yeah. What do you say? No. 22 to 1. This is... I've tried it. We have taken off. Bit enough more than we can chew here. I think today. Are we finished? No. I will let him know when we're finished. Okay. Tell him just to eat a few more meals in relax. Okay. This is a heavy duty like I just got you saying. Okay. God. Well, when I am in television, I can't believe. Oh, so this is me. This is butt-pab. You know even though I'm a fictional character, the way you can't problem him is real. In other words, I may be from the comics, but there's nothing funny about why you can. So, what can you do, Jonathan James Edison? Hey. That's why. If you have the time right now, one out into the streets and scream your head off like a little girl. You're like, why you can't lie being too stupid. You don't think fat man's coming to you. I can tell you now. Fuck up on ten good strength. We draw all your tests from the back and bury it in the backyard. But the cat will have a K9 friend. Then, shall you computer? It'll be about a huge force of best signal and noon. You might as well get some money out of it now, so you can buy a generator and lots of gasoline. But gold storming gas in the empty plastic milk containers or some unsuspecting moron like Robin. My fucking down thinking it's ice tea. Then, you gotta get it stomach pump. By rushing to the emergency room and you're told what a door and hospital because the potential of a fat man when he's not on the trouble screen. I'm trying. And they always please rob him because he's out finished so. Okay. But, hey, guys, this is fat man. When it comes to why, you okay? Go. Be a Joker. Okay, the reason I played that had nothing with why it's okay. Obviously, I had to do with the show because I said, Bert Warden, George kind of like, like that. Hey, that's no laughing matter, Mr. Anybody who has those tights. And those crying fighting booties. And he's crying, I'm fighting booties too, of course. He's back. And I'm waste Bert Ward. What are you saying? No. A lot of us had a hard place. I'm a soft place for a Bert Ward. They don't much think about that. So here's the definitive facts with the answers. It says, well, Bill Hicac, God Madison is wild Bill, which I had that right. Andy Devine was his sidekick, Jingu's Jones. But we're going to get a request this morning for some Jingu's. Jingu's Jones. And the show was told so was was Sergeant Bill Co. There we go, Bell. Sergeant Bill Co. Do you have a seat of that show? No. George is looking his wounds because he didn't get any state. Well, you know, that's your buddy, Gary Sarner. Keep you. That's all I can tell you. I'm sure that my friends in Ruth Chris would have bought you anything you wanted. Not Gary Sarner. You don't care about you, your small potatoes. Only when he's doing those, you know, $15.00 a year. Or it's that he gets you know. Or it's bigger than that. That's it. It's Sunday. Where's the next Sunday? This Sunday. This coming Sunday. See, I just haven't seen it on the counter because you never tell me. And then you've been chained. I think you do that for a reason. I don't pitch in mode. No, because you get paid. Yeah. You have that nobody shows up. Well, if we promoted heavily all week, you get like 20 or 30 people show up. 50, 100, maybe it goes on in Davy. From no to two. From no to two this coming Sunday. Would George Robert be there? Is Miguel going to be there? Yes. Miguel will be there. He'll let you squeeze it once you twice for the right price. And Miguel, by the way, isn't circumcised. I mean, he is circumcised. He's very circumspect. Clean cut. That's our political model. He's better to be clean cut or just cut. No one did through this Sunday. He had no idea what he was doing. He was going to be giving away. Good stuff. No. Crap with our logo on it. Here, well, I have some free QM crap. Because we don't have any promotional budget here. All of the good news is Greg just handed out the promotional budget for 2001. Dave looks. Yeah, that's it. Up from last year. Yeah, that's a 50% increase from last year. That's great. Must be all at CBS infinity money coming in here. Maybe because they sold a couple of marlins spots. Yeah, my dude. Do it. Just a sound like I'm doing a whole show with my meat, my mouth today. Because I am. Hey, I'm not going to let this. I mean, I could put it in the microwave a little bit later, but it's stupid now to go to waste. What a delicious, rib eye steak. Not that I want to rub it in. No, if you would have. If I would have asked, I wasn't asked to ask. Well, why not? What is Gary started some kind of a moron? She's come ahead of a quiz later. I don't think he appreciates you very much. That's Gary. And this summer when I'm not here, you've got to bring in any food. You know, puss. For a few. I hope that somebody switches his dishes in the house. You know what I mean? What are you getting a lot of food? I've lost something about it. Which is milk her conflation dishes in the house. And he goes to hell because of it. But it's delicious. So thanks a lot, Gary. And especially thanks to Ruth Chris. Anyway, let's see the fugitive of Richard Jansson. We had a few people who should I put him on there. He and Richard Jansson can't be on the list, can he? Richard Jansson from the fugitive. David. How about soupy sale? David Jansson. I'm sorry. I got sucked in by a fact. Soupy sales. I love soupy sales, but is he going to be on there? No. And also, how about the beaver? I'm sorry. I'm not into beaver, okay? No, seriously. Why will kind of personally vote for the beaver? Is their favorite TV? First of all time. I could see the voting for that as their favorite show. Maybe. Maybe. Oh, not because of him. He's been just thinking about the show. Exactly. I mean, Jerry Madder's ear. Of all the people, even though the show was called ebit to beaver. Of all the people on there, probably if you put in this shopping mall. And you got people of the right age who would know that show. He would be the last one whose name they would know. They'd know Tony Dow. They'd know Barbuk for Billy's leave. They'd know Hugh Beaumont and the bad Jerry Madder's. There would know Jerry Madder's from Marshall Madder's. And what was special about him? He had buck tea. In fact, if you ever seen Jerry Madder's and Marshall Madder's together. Oh, same first night think with a heard dive job. Yeah. He had buck tea. And he was an ugly little kid. Right. So why would he be their favorite show? I mean, Luke Alpen, that's another story. How about that? I'm flipper. I'm not putting Luke Alpen on his mother's. How about your flip or? They call him flipper. Yeah. I used to flip it watching at show. Here's a, that's why they called it flipper. Here's a mobile informe, he's a love. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Ah, guys, they turned off the kind of a TV celebrity that was supposed to be about Howard Co-cell. Yeah. That's a good one. I love him. Howard Co-cell was right. He was supposed to be smaller than what he was covering. But it seemed like he was always truck roll. Yeah, you know, say he does belong on or you're right. In fact, he made Monday that's football. I don't know if you would have these other people try to try to try to eat made of what it was and they'll never do click it. You're right. Yeah. And I was surprised that you had William Conrad. I'm there not Robert Conrad. A couple of seconds, everyone's a maybe Peter Faulk, maybe? Peter Faulk. Well, George Hates copped you so we don't have to sneak it on there. Oh, okay. And maybe Linda Evans. I don't know. No. She was like on Big Valley. No, he's down on the chat. He'll Big Valley. Okay, thanks, pal. Will I need to talk to one? Go ahead. Right, normal. Yeah. He put it over on there down Cornelia. Mm-hmm. That's it. Cornelia's brothers and sister rose. Okay, thanks. Howard Coast Self. People long time lost even though Dave Johnson hated him. It's still up. Hey, you know something's figured out Dave Johnson, George. He's not going to be that far away. What's the date the first look on the calendar? What's the first Saturday and may go to be that? You can talk. He drew base coming up. May a turn. Four. One, two, three, four, fifth. May five. I believe that's Kentucky and Durbia for Saturday and May five. Dave Johnson will be calling us because he's doing the Durbia on radio. I don't know. He hates Howard Coast Self. The guy's been dead for years. No, still hates him. Like poison. But it's not a question of whether you like to, you know, on that face. It's enough, but I guess it is. Here's the lady in Cooper City, hello. Hi, I'm going to you. Yes, man. How you doing? Great. Well, I'm someone I know will never make your list because I think only me and you know who we have to do. I have to just get moist over Patrick's a go and I just love him. Yeah, Patrick McGun. But nobody really knows who he is because he had a call following. That's the problem. Right. That's right. But he just did it for me. He was good. He was great. And someone working temporary though who doesn't do it for me. But who I like a lot. And I know you probably hate it. That's his reach of film. He's on there. I don't hate bridges. I like bridges, but I think he shows sucks. But he's on there. But he's something about him. You know, I like. He's just enjoyable. Hey, if you cannot, you cannot like, you can't, you can't, you can't dislike your region. Right. Very true. I join. And my little boy says to vote for commit the fuck. Okay. Thank you. I'm glad you're back. Yeah, nobody don't like regions just like serily. Only their stocks do him better. I'll actually hit stocks do him better. Can you imagine, might he's rickering? Yeah. You know who, who, who, who, who, who, who, who, who was it? I saw thing. The other day. Some some, some, Holly would personally. They said the people of the 16 are the ones who just keep going. Who else did he said that? Some, somebody. The energizer buddy. No, no, seriously, the people who make it are the ones who keep going. Like regions. He keeps going and going and going. And going and. Yeah. He must be, that the pizza law. 5 6 7 0 5 6. How about your cost? I need a favorite TV people. Jerry matters. I'm so sorry I asked. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Going once. Gone. Here's another mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Here's a stationary in Miami. Fire reports from Amsterdam. Do I lot or do? Yeah. Great. 5 6 7 0 5 6. 5 5 6. 5 6. On the 18 team and Verizon wireless lines. So, so sad. And in the set. Make you want to sit down and speak corner and cry. Here's pepper pines. Hello. Pepper pines. What's going on? Are we on a roll now of a sudden? Yeah. How about a disc connect with the audience? Here's Miramar hello. Hello. How are you today? Okay. Good. Good. Good. Probably worth a father too. Peter Graves. Peter Graves. From Michigan and Paul. Yeah I know. I know. I like Peter Graves. No not learning anymore. Not with those here. Well, no. He's on the top. I know. He also did in search of. And Peter Graves has done an A&E on that biography show which I love. On the biography. Oh, excellent. Channel. Those those are the free best channels. Danny, biography in the history channel. And discover. And travel channel will always make a people under now. I don't know. I didn't watch that one yet. But the learning channel is also good. I know. I know. That's the only reason why I got to do it. I never watched a learning video. I've never seen that. I think that's a good stuff on the learning channel. Do it. I'll go to stuff. I'll go to stuff. I'll go to stuff. Okay. That's it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T. And Verizon, I want to say Peter Graves. Yes or no. Yes, sure. Don't be so enthusiastic about it. I like them. Don't forget, like I said, because you were listening to how I can try to go to a hotel or a hotel or a lunch. What? Was on the phone, would you? Yeah. But anyway, Amy, he's on a biography show. Yes. But Jack Perkins can't be on the list. But you know, he's been on a lot of good shows. What was the, um, what was Jack Perkins? I was the other Perkins. More than Perkins. More than Perkins. What about a mall on Perkins? No. On you would you the all kind of people out there? No, Jack Perkins has been on a lot of things. Drugs. But the fact that he speaks without his teeth on the A&E Bible, if they put me off a little bit. Hey, put your teeth in Jack, you know, if you ever notice that? I don't know that. Yeah. Well, it must be the reason nobody talks like that. So maybe, uh, the Marlins announced it. I don't want to, I don't want to pick up a table of Brian. He's a good table of Brian's. Okay. How are you overrated? Good guy. Screwed over joint will badly. I know, wasn't his choice. He didn't make the decision. He just put out a big area, you know. He deserves broadcasting a team that's drawn like six people again. Nice going there, Dave, will Brian and quit talking to you. Teeth like Eric Reed. All right. Hey, it's Kevin O. Shabbon of the magic city. I can't stand people who do that. Why do they do that? It's their way. Is you, is you, is your way? I just can't stand people who talked to their teeth. She haven't seen after She haven't. Like people who talk out of the sides of their mouth. Or you're like, you're like John Critchen. Froggy. I know you've got John Critchen because he said that the bush was a moron. And when John went some double. When done, the fraud like him is telling us that George, or W is a moron and it must be something to it. 1256 and 56, the WCrums, speaking of the world famous pizza to the loft, which I was only moments ago. Well, that's your call on. He is really something else. You know what? He does secret to success. He's never there. He's got busy. He keeps you busy. Do one stuff. Do one people. Get in the lead. Do all kinds of amazing things. Daddy comes in here. Do a lot. He tells me all the wild stories. While they experts out there that he's gotten the kitchen, I work in their ass off to make you folks that great food. All that delicious Italian stuff, all your favorite pasta. This is three different kinds of weight pizza. Chicken dishes, meal like plant. Super soft chicken, cat pizza, terre, calzones and so much more. Everything is fresh. Everything is cooked to order. It's never so heavy or rubbery. One to two hours. The first time I've ever eaten a pizza, I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. I've never eaten a pizza. So this is the actual day. I've run a slice-out of what I eat. I'll be calling me if I don't get to call my me papaya I'll be helping you out, that will take the chance to do this. But then you know that I'll be having so much special coffee. You're you that I have not eaten a pizza. Add 6 and 6 chicken. And when your promise comes on, done, I'll play it with my heart, and put there in the door. All you circle, all one, pray for the Lord. What a clock at five, 60 WQM. Here's a fact, she says, how about everybody from Gillian's Island? No. No. No thanks. Do you have to help me on those? Because Gillian's Island, Hobians heroes, McHales Navy, the one with a pig and ava-gabor and green acres, green acres, and not my stuff, you know, not my bag. Just not my thing, you know? I was never in the redneck heat TV. Much of Jack Benny. What about him? Somebody has him on the thing, he says, Jack Benny, sure. People are long gone here. That's a little bit. You bet you. You bet your life. Oh, he's on the other. Jack Benny. Oh, now how about Abbot and Joe Costello? I was thinking about like, but Abbot and Lucas, Delo might be on there, but how about Joe Costello? That's cute. Abbot and Costello? No. No, they were like more famous from the movies, weren't they? Right. I'm not on TV. Sergeant Billco was originally titled, you'll never get where it's. That's correct with, Phil Solvers. The writing staff for your show of show was, Mel Brooks, Carl Winer, Larry Gilbart, Neil Simon, Woody Allen, and Mel Toe, and how do you like that? What about you, Joe? Oh, I can't believe I've heard that one. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T, and Verizon Wireless line. I don't think we're going to need to do this three days. I think we got to look today, don't you? Yeah, I do. I mean, how many more can there be? Well, we're not talking about underlings. We're not talking about a little secondary. We're talking about the, and the thing that just amazes me is that, I'm looking at anybody on this list, who's like the most recent one, I guess, would be sign-filmed. Right? That you have all the friends. We're not going to put them all on there. Friends? Yeah, it's fake. No, I know the show is big, but who, I mean, show is, who individually would be considered big? The swimmer, Lisa Kudro, the people that went the awards, like us, a lot of people would say, Courtney Cox, why hate, no, no, no. No. No. And a category with these people? No. So this thing is very revealing, just like the music thing was. Not that we want you young people to feel bad about yourselves unless you want to, of course. But the fact is that contemporary stuff, music, TV, movies, most of it blows. Most of it blows. It bites. It sucks. So anybody seen the shinler's list? Here's Boka, hello. Dr. Mark. He's on here. Mother's brothers. Not on there. The Irish chef. Okay. Cool what you were head. So hard then. No. She was on a whole bunch of shows. I mean, I love to a heartman. Don't keep me wrong. Okay, full heartman. Sorry. How's he doing? No, sir. Really, sir. I'm a David Harbin. Mary Hartman? Mary Hartman. Mary Hartman. How about Alistair Cook? Remember him from on the bus? No. Of course you don't. How about Ben Grower? Who? Oh, Goka Bride's Excuse me, myself now. How about Alistair Crowley? How about Morten More Crowley? Morten's take house? Here's your field, hello. Yeah, I'm surprised nobody's mentioned Rob Sirling. They did. Oh, well, I guess I missed that. But he wasn't really, I mean, he, you know, he hosted the show and he narrated the opening, but he wasn't really a, you know, wrote a lot of those. Yeah, and you know what, but we're not asking about famous writers, right? In other words, yeah, the other thing that you were talking about earlier, I don't know if anybody, I know that somebody said that Andy Divine was on well-built. Right. The character that he played was named Jingles. Yeah, that was on the face. Yeah. And if you're talking about characters on shows, probably the best one that I can remember was the Rev. and Jim on taxi Christopher Lloyd. Yeah. Okay. That's all I got. Thanks. You think we ought to have Christopher Lloyd on the list? No. 560, 560, 560. I'll put, uh, Bert Ward on the before Christopher Lloyd any day. Hands down. Those, uh, tights. Here's a mobile in the propano, hello. Any of? Yes, sir. I got a handful for you. How about, uh, you know, how about Larry Hagman? Here's our reason, there. How about Tom Sellik? Tom Sellik. Tom Sellik. Oh, thank you, guys. And I'm gonna pee you. No, I don't think so. How about Alan Oliver from Mash? What do you think George somebody else mentioned? Yeah, people have another. People have another. People have a long zone in there, you're right. How about John Johnson? Don's Johnson? My amy book. Yeah. I don't think so. How about Fred Savage from the one of you? Oh, okay. Put where you're head. Five six seven, oh five. Ha ha ha ha. Wow. Yeah. How about that, you need kids from, uh, how about Timnie from Passions? I still say he belongs on here. The best TV going now next to guiding light. Five six seven, oh five, six, we're getting close to the end. We almost have this list compiled. Or I just hang on tight. Okay. Hang on. I'm going to have a big guy industrial sized box of Cheerios for Italian relax. Oh, don't let me forget to bring in that book. That's it. I'm going to read that stuff on here. It's going to make a lie. If you have a week's stomach. I mean, it's not there's nothing gross in there. But it's just something that when you hear it, when you hear the words, when you read them in print, when I put them on here, people are going to say, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Better stop frying my insides. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Great. I guess I'll keep landing with liquid. How much does it look like? How about us, Russell Arms? You know, a Dorothy Collins. A real, a real transgender. And probably have more spin-offs than anybody in television. Yeah. We judge Wagner. Yeah, but we're not asking the right man. He's not voting on our pool. It's going to judge what everybody watched him. Yeah. And now we got 75 judge shows in. Do you remember, yes, what I mean, there's more spin-offs? Do you remember a court show before Judge Walker and the court attended was to McKay? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That goes back 40 years. Yeah. Sure. He used to sit out in the hallway outside. And he had interviewed the contredger that he was always breathless. He was talking on Louis on a breathless. Right. Imagine that. All right, Neil. Thanks. This is a pretty interesting. Pretty damn provocative. Is that provocative? No. Exciting? No. Stimulating? Okay. 560, 550, 550 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless lunch. George is really upstate thinking, you know, steak today for lunch. And it's all Gary Surnersfall. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm stuck in our pool. It is that hit you. That's being a real prick to be like that. It goes back to years ago. Like where's the police just sit in there, watch me eat. I mean, I can the IOD days. I understand that I'm a schlepper and amount to nothing. A part of the show now, you even do the show for like, you know, but even the gender to homeless people wouldn't want to sit and watch somebody else eat. Right. I'm a captive audience. Exactly. And it's so good. Then I'm certainly am I going to share it with you? No. Too good for that. Watching your eyes rolling to your head. Oh, come on. I don't wish I used to. I'm not sure whether I enjoy that better or thinking about Adam Ward. I mean, bird war. Adam, bird west. See, that's how good it is. I'm giving it to my brain as scrambled. At least my blood sugar is not going up as if you're. No. Robert, you shrimp and a delicious ribbonne medium well from Earth Chris. Hmm. And here's something else that's really great in that's Reggie and mobility. Charging. This guy is great. He's not just good. He's great, which he's shocking because this is Peter Leonard's account. Doesn't that shock you? Yeah, little. Yeah. You don't Peter Leonard. Oh, yeah. That's the one. But Reggie and mobility is a magician and this is one of the, you know, for years I've wondered why do you have to keep wasting your time going out and sitting in an office somewhere, weaning a 20 year old magazine while I did all around, changing your world, doing the other minor repairs on your car. Why can't somebody come to you and do it? And now Reggie and mobility see does. Will you need to quit shot or free out and make sure that you're a Seys working the way it should or any minor more to vehicle repair. They change your world in Georgia's car last week. That's the one that's still around, right? Yeah, that's not what we don't want to talk about that. And both of my cars, both of my view of Corvette and what a great job they do. That's right. I'll do a complete, blue ball and filter change for just 35 bucks. I'll paint you who have died no more. But it's too strong. She's out on a thing to ask you to do. She's dressed to say that you feel so poor that's lying at the same. And I'm sure you're jeans. At 5.60W, this will make you feel even worse. I put the rest of my meat in the microwave and nook it for about half a minute. And then this has got the butter in it. I told them to hold the butter because it makes me every now and then. But they brought the station butter with Chris and the butter all I came out again there and said, We'll juicy down delicious and just melt this in your mouth. Not that I want you to feel bad. Oh no. But you know what this reminds me of. It would be like if you're starting to invite it to dinner with your wife. And he brought you, you know, a meal of steak and whatever in the side that she's in some soup or any brought your wife like a little salad. Right. What I got with the son is that you didn't want. You understand that's what I got. No, I had the barbecue tree. I had my own. But he brought like extras. I assume I got like a salad. It wasn't really even intended for you. It's like, if you won't want this, let's give this to the other guys. So I guess what I'm going to be going to his house anytime soon. I'll wait. No. Gary Freak and Sarner. Just come back. 5.6705. 16.5. But by the way, the lunch is delicious. I like your restaurant myself though. I'm only speaking for you when I say she's come back. Because this lunch is sensational. You're not scum on the dood hemages. I have to do with the request because they're great. Oh. So seriously, when you put look at. It gets all juicy and butter in there like starts dripping in there again. Nice and pink. And the steak too. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Great. I can't believe nobody has mentioned this. Cook it for you and always. Yeah, not which one. Yeah. I'm a friend Alice and she's dead. We're about to go for neutral work. Well, I'll teach you. We're making him two more than persons. Are you listening to him? I'm listening to him. Is he dead? Yeah, he is dead. I told the guy. He was going to go to the restaurant. He was going to go to the restaurant. And Bertil's room was the puppeteer from the cookbook. He's also dead. He died too. Well, that's big work for the two of us. He's a local. He died. Okay. Thanks. If we started doing local, we'd have to have all the dead people. Big Wilson and Dave. What was his name? I went to the street Dave Dixon. Well, if we're just a second there, I thought the Alzheimer's was kicking in. Dave Dixon. Boy, that is sure some states. Everybody just melts in your mouth. I don't feel bad about George's on a point. I'll say we'll low. I wasn't saying anything. Here's the sunrise, though. God, Glenn, how are you, Neil? Is this Glenn? Glenn, can you hear me? I thought you were calling for Glenn, yes. Yeah, pretty. Right. John. Dave, without the butter by the way, you're all the time. I think you'll have to wait without it. I do order without the butter, but this time they brought it with the butter and it's even better. It's more pure comedy. Think back to number one rated two. I'm old for years would call back girl. I believe with Marla. Marla Thomas, yeah. You know, it's pretty funny. And I think the father was on the show too. Danny Thomas. Right. Just a suggestion. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Yeah, Danny Thomas probably ought to be on the list, but he won't get any votes. Marla won't get any votes because Phil Donnie used pissed off at her. Or is it the other way around you? By the way, thanks again, all your Ralph Nader people for screwing us up. Now we got this environmental terrorist in there. There's net exactly what I said before the election. But the Nader people will say we're saying it was the downs with a different say he's supposed to be the big environmentalist, Ralph Nader. He's just an egotistical pop as old self-serving fool is what he is. And you people are wasting your votes on Ralph Nader. I don't want to get going on it again. What's the point? Let's see, Michael Landon for his whole banana and little house on the purriting. Michael Landon's on the list. Most of the Gilbert will one of the teeth. No, it's a Gilbert. I put Gilbert on there for Michael J. Fox. What about it? I can't be because I can't go in on him. Yeah, I love the part-time inspector. Yeah, that'll make Tom Jick a happy like Sam. I think he's got a thing for Michael J. Fox because he's short. He likes short people except you. Oh, and he will lose for people. He is? That's what I'm saying. And the Golden Girl Squad, especially the one with the man's voice. Yeah, room at Cartanyhand rhymes with man. How about the Betty White? Betty White and what? No, Alan Luden. Did we put in all of that, Lonnie? No. Did we want to do a thing with Game Show host? Did we do that or not? We talked about it. I don't think we ever do anything at all. We'll save him for the day that we do the Game Show host. We'll let Dr. Brian come in and supervise that to make sure we don't leave anybody out. And there, there, all dead. Not amazing. All young people out there don't aspire to be a Game Show, especially now that the genres come and back to TV. Thanks to Regis. Don't aspire to be a Game Show host because they all die very young. Alan Luden. Bill Coler, Bob Barker, Bill Colen. Bob Barker, 28. Bert Convey. Right? And Dick Clark. Dick Clark, 26. What's the guy to kill himself on a family feud? The little shark. Grimes. No. Here he grimes. Yeah. No, what was his name? The little, a shrippy guy that replaced Richard Dawson. Who was brain-saw? He was good to, I like him. And then, Ah, he ought not do it. Thomas his name. I draw blank. That's bad. King Rayburn, Speaker of Virginia's blank, he's dead. Lot of dead Game Show hosts. Jack Barry, he's dead. We'll be fixing any more TV shows. How much of that sunny foxes did, too? Not the one on the radio, but the sunny fox from the 64,000 dollar challenge. Oh, we're supposed to find out. Somebody calls and said that cox was around this morning. Which kid? He was not on the chase. So we need to find out what's up with that. Alrighty. Yeah. Ray comes, by the way. I'll read comments. Thank you. Right? Ray comes was the one from family feud. In between Richard Dawson's. And in his baddest Richard Dawson was when they tried to bring him back when he weighed 600 pounds of wealth. That's really very fat. You know, he was like a parody of himself and a joke. This other guy whose name I can never think of. And that's what we had. Louis Anderson. Are they, are they kidding with that? Have you seen it? Yeah. He's not good on the show. He does good stand up. He's a comedy. He's a comedy. He's embarrassing. Hey, it's an embarrassment. It's like our day for real for serious with this. And it's one of those things where he's so bad. I can't turn it off again. I love to watch when he, he does that motion with his hand when they woke up to see if the answer is on. And, okay, show me a dick bag. Show me a dick bag. Show me a dick bag. And he makes that little wave with his hand which he can barely move because he weighs 4200 pounds. Louis Anderson. Let's put him on the list. What do you say? No. Here's how I'll deal. Hello. Hello. How are you doing? All right. Okay. This is the thing to have a whole bunch for you here. Good. Good. How are you? That really goes back. That one's a symbol of 277. That one's a symbol of a junior. How about you? I'm a gallery. James, you have a garden on the list. How about Richard Bowley? Richard Bowley? Richard Bowley? Richard Bowley belongs on list. He was on a lot of different ways on medic. Remember medic? Richard Bowley? You got it? How about two walker? Two walker, shanien. Isn't Walker? Yes. He's a member, shanien. How you doing cowboy sedated? I know Shajan, the singer, but I don't know Shayanien. I'm a little bit about you. Shajan. Good captain? You can't have a... No. No. If we put him on, we have to put Jami Volta on, you know. I love ice-top. How about if he's good kid? Just go kid, what was his name? Leo. I don't know the media. Leo Carrillo. Leo Carrillo. Yeah, I know the media. I'm not sure I have. Okay, thank you. I love you. Okay. Okay. That's probably why. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. Well, the Cisco kid and he's just leap on his poncho. This is what I hear. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, 60, on his AT&T. Did you ever see the Cisco kid? No. Oh, Cisco, a Cisco. It's not the right one. Chuck Conner's. Now, if you think that the low-range of intense or something, separate tense. Doesn't it? Level in Boca, hello. A Yale? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Okay. Good question. Great question. No. That was good. It was okay. The that was good. Now, I mean, we did like it. Oh, okay. Well, I did that. Give it a try. Okay. Thanks. It was all right. Think it about two and a half on a skeleton. It wasn't one of your better cop shows. Because your heat cop shows like poison because it's that for whatever reason. because why? and please don't start telling me about it's not realistic to do it. No, no, nothing on TV is realistic. Do they catch the criminal at the end? All of them. Yeah. But Greg was the point. Even not perimation lost one case. I know it's not a catwalk. It's a lawyer show. I know he liked perimation. Terimation was fine. But not iron sides. No. So I think that's somebody other than cry. I know it's what you're reading the message. You don't like gums. They're all, in other words, we've all talked about it. Everyone on his own two legs, he was okay. But as soon as they stuck his ass in the chair, then you didn't like Raymond Burr's. That what you're saying? I don't like cookie cutters. The same thing happens every single episode shows. He died. Yeah, Raymond Burr died. He went to Hawaii and he died. Jack Lord, he went to Hawaii. He died. No, I did like to rock the pile. Speaking of that, on the travel channel, forget about the rocker's files. On the travel channel. The top beaches in Hawaii. I'm telling you, air is really nice. They come up with some new way to show almost naked young people on a beach. And off the beach in the sun of a beach, I mean, just in May. Yeah, it was like that. The travel channel trusts me when I tell you. So the beach says, always favorite choice. His favorite TV personalities Kim Bo-Kamber. He does this sports on channel 4. That's what he said. Why he tried to suck up for those terrible things he said about Kim to weeks ago? Was that when you were on vacation? That he said this apparently. Yeah, no, no. Maybe he was read in a post like you sometimes get. And then Kim came into building was like storming around all pissed off and better not to shape. I'd be afraid of that. Yeah. He said he looks down on the beach now. Of course, that's not unusual because Kim is about 18 feet tall on the beach about 3 inches tall. Yeah. He said that Kim sucked on the air or something like that. You know, he said he was a nice guy, but he sucked on the air. It was not what you said. What did you say? I don't want to miss quote you. What did you say? You said his air work is an embarrassing humiliating, uh, something like that. You know, that every night. Joe's a gacky. Looks like Mr. personality. He said it was all of that dream. Yeah. He loves Kim Bo-Campard. I was going to have to really happen. It really happened. No, no, I just dreamed. He said it. 5.670560. Pound 560 on the 18 and T. I'm telling him, I'm such a good move because I got that TV. Joe Costello came in and he said, what's the a newspaper? He takes over the TV screen. I said, you'll notice it's only over the bottom part there where the crawlers were the stock markets up. And especially when a market got up to a real deal, I had to start this morning. I thought, I'm not going to be a captive one audience in sitting here watching four hours of it again. So I just taped my Harold's board section right over to bottom part on CNN. I can see they're talking about the silly war on drugs and yati on it. And everything I need to see, I just don't have to see that stock crap, you know, on my money vanishing. Here's a lady in the Redlands, hello. Yeah, for honey of the afternoon. How are you? Fine, how are you? Great. Can I just talk a fix here? I remember you mentioned that you have problems about the good level toilet you have and I'm to them. Oh, we got rid of that. I got a house now with no split level toilet. Okay, no, because I just had a friend just from Vienna, but I looked and I'm to them like a couple of years back. And I had the same problem, like, kids, Mark, Dr. You'll do the bathroom and it's so embarrassing. So I know I have a nerve to ask for how do you guys do it, there she goes. All you have to do is just put a toilet paper in the dry, dry area and then that takes care of the problem. Hmm. Before you do your thing. Put the paper in ahead of time, yeah. I know. Well, I'll never be a drop it on that CD again. I'll thank the Lord for that. I'm more out of that place. I know. Well, I thought that might be a help to you, but I guess you didn't go for that kind of toilet. We're maybe now we're making the progress. Now, we're moving on to like the 18th century anyway. Okay, thanks a lot. Okay. Thanks. Bye. 26 to 1 at 5.60 WQAM. Do you want yourself a great smoke? Let me highly recommend Nick Sagar to you. A lot of you folks have gotten smarter of these past three years and got out of the next and discovered that you don't have to pay an arm or leg for a quality smoke. A legal smoke we're talking about. Are we talking legal? You bet. Try them all. And you'll figure out which ones you like. I haven't feeling you're probably like them all, but you'll finally settle on one like the best like I am. I used to love the predominant reserve, which I still do, but my new favorite is that rich predominant squared, which has got a unique and amazing shape and it just is for us. Well, somebody mentioned that earlier. She's going on an adult. No, we don't have enough geriatric stew qualify. Oh, yeah, we forgot Topo Gijo from the installment show. Topo Gijo. Yeah, Ed Solomon. Did he have a personality or what? Did he have a neck? No. Just kind of like the beast he had no neck. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. But I'm going to read the list now. Okay. Give Erica a little opportunity here to get these down. Howard Co-Sell. Our question by the way for doing this in the stream and I can't imagine why. Who is your all-time favorite TV celebrity? Howard Co-Sell Ed Solomon Richard Bullen. Raymond Burr. Oprah. Bill Bixby. Sid Seeser. You don't we left off? Jerry Springer. What? Do you don't think he belongs on there? No. Bill Bixby said Seeser filled on a few for a faucet. Mary Tyler Moore, Dick Van Dyke. Jean Rayburn. Peter Graves. Jack Barry. Bill Colon. James Garer. Phil Hartman. Alan Alda. Dick Clark. William Shattner. Jack Lord. Bob Barker. Did I say Peter Graves? I don't know. Well, I have these written all over the page. Phil Bonning for a faucet. Peter Graves. They're off to the side. I guess I don't know. Well, I'm sure Eric is paying attention or not. Dick Clark Tech Lord. Larry Hagman. Bob Barker. We just still been Tony Dow, Carol O'Connor. Susan Day. Carol Burnett. Michael Landon. Chairman of Henry's League. AK George Jefferson. Terry Sunfield. Bill Cossby. Bob Newhart. Ron Howard. Jay Leno. Henry Winkler. Lee Majors. Andy Griffith. Buddy Epson. Alfred Hitchcock. Michael Zayposs. Barbara E. Nalosebeth Montgomery. Lucy O'Ball. Jackie Gleason. Johnny Carson. David Letterman. Paul and Henderson. David Cassidy. William Conrad. Collice of Alice. Jack Parr or Steve Allen. I'm thinking we love somebody off here. No, seriously. I'm looking maybe at it in my one down. Oh, no. I hate when that happens. Oh, William Bendix. No, he's not on there. Five, six, seven. Okay, last minute of the mission. Here in last 25 minutes and then that said, they will put this all together and get like 25 million votes overnight. You know who's going to win? Roy Orbison. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How about our new board night? No. Come on. No. Okay, we already discussed that earlier. We took a vote and we said, you're a good guy, but no. A little earlier, they called you and they mentioned Joe's friend. That was a guy who used to be a camp big of it. Right. And George put on a little music. Right before the new now. I think that was for local show. He used to quite on here called jumping jack. I don't know why. Right. That's right. I'm out of the car. Okay. See you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. And right from the back of those we learned today is caramel. Not Bob Keeshaan, but the real clairbello. He died. Is dead. Oh, that's sad. No. How do you do the cast? Rest in peace. All we can do is put on the search for Princess Summerfall with his spring and prey. Pray to the heavens that she's still around somewhere. Here's homestead, hello. I'll. Yes, sir. How about the Alpha Gottfried? Well, you know, on the heels of a great lunch, I guess you're right. I'll have to put them on here. And, uh, liver ratchy. What do you say, George? liver ratchy? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Okay. Have a great day, sir. We're debating liver ratchy. Arthur Gottfried, I have to put down. He was, uh, an icon. He was a pioneer. He was an anti-Semite. He was a big. They need a street after most self-hating Jews on my baby. They need a street after him. Right next to Heinler, him, uh, Heinrich Hitler drive. And the Rick Sanchez way. How about people for the American way? Arthur Gottfried, I'm not putting liver ratchy on here. That's the tomb, nursing. Okay. How about a ratchy? I'll have a show. Yeah, the liver ratchy show. He used to sit there with his brother and George. He used to light a violin along. Yeah, and he had the candleabra on a piano. He was a great pianist. So I've heard. Uh? Here's your land, oh, hello. No, I have a stop laughing. Something about church 20. Really? That phone call, the guy. Was up a same guy that called the Atonability Worker to Station, and he was friends with the bird. And that said, the bird, H.R. Gats. That's the same guy. Oh, this was his boyfriend. That was funny. And then you met that the bus weekend. You had an alarm time, and then Woody did, I mean, really sharp. You wanted an away? I got my income tax refund check. Great. Yeah, that's what I said. But I have a few names to welcome. You mentioned already. It was rather common for a while, well. Uh huh. How about a rather good from Vegas? No. No. And you were talking about religious or war ago? Yeah. Here's one point. You remember a lot. Uh, before the religious got to be real big, once the first thing you remember had seen him on TVF. Joey Bishop. Who you got it? I thought I was going to want to do that. No. Well, we're not going to put Joey Bishop on. You're not waiting. No. Joey Bishop. And as far as possible. These people, these people don't enjoy Bishop from and Bishop. I watched that. I've never seen a evil canable, crouching at seizures. Uh huh. But um, Jack, how about a certain deep flight to check with a man? Right. And that's about it, Neil. Okay. Great job. Thanks. Yeah, we're getting there. We got Arthur Gottfried at the list of nail-in-all-and-a-l-d-n-fil-harm-and-a-n-out-she-whether those originally were. I'm sure it's all these names on there because this is very, very important, Erik. This is very crucial. This is heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy. Doody, baby. So I saved the big piece of my state there for, like, after work. For actually the show. I'm going to take home pop at the microwave that butter will, like, release all the juices in there again. Oh, nothing like a delicious rib-ice steak from Ruth Chris. So I hear, yeah, that's what George heard. Well, I took you there a couple of times and I once watched what he's... Once? Well, if you get shaped, he backed down here again. They go again. Okay. And it's new girlfriend. What we got rid of that, I don't know one. I think. Yeah, I think she's gone. She may be gone. He was done. Well done, that's what I'm hearing. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Thanks for coming up at Shulastake 2 at 2 o'clock. You made dog manage at 660. You got, did he crawl at the 830? Marlon was at the Diamondbacks at 935 as game time, at the K after baseball. How about those sabers, baby? Yeah. Oh, Bobby Clark, I'm telling you, this is sticking right deep inside your echo. You piece of turd you, it made me so deliciously happy. 8, nothing was good. 28, nothing would have been even better. For Bobby Clark. And those, for Bison of Goi and with the Philadelphia Flyers. And it's 9, I don't know. They got someish baja. The whole organization. Hey, where is the bargains? You may be wondering right now. A lot of tell you. There at the Swap Shop over 88 acres. Chock full of bargains from indoor and outdoor vendors. The Swap Shop is the business retail location in the world before daylight. And at night the Swap Shop has got the world's biggest 13-speed drive in Louvie theater featuring great first run movies. Why do so many people shop at the Swap Shop? It's easy to answer that question because no cut ourselves can be seen millions and millions and millions and millions. Why do you miss that? Because you love this poor boy. Is it a duck, B, P, M, C, Marina or D inlet? Whoa, me! Is that a lot of question right? You're kidding me right? Maybe $100. For $100. Is it the million dollar question? This is the first one. Hey, only for $100. Is this a black thing? Did you like to use a lightball? Yeah, what do I got? What do I got? Well, we have the Asty audience, the 50-50, and the phone friend. Asty audience. Not totally white people in here. The 50-50, and the helmet. Oh, you don't want me to phone a friend. I'm going to phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery run. Yeah. All right, who are we going to call? Puppy? Oh, my butt? Oh, dirty bastard. Oh, dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty we've gone. Our friends from 18T will get old dirty on the line. Then hopefully he can help you. Yo. Oh, dirty. Yeah, man. Registrableman from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you? I got your friend here. Puppy. Go dirty with that. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. All right. All right. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, dirty. Uh, pop daddy's and a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question. Hey, the first question. And the next one will wish you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. He'll ask you to give you a full possible choice. Are you set? Hey, man. Next one here will be his. And 30 seconds begin now. Why? Yo, dirty. If he is off for me, all right? He can't drink. Blank. Is it a doc? B. P. P. P. Marino. Or D. Is it? Oh, come on, man. I don't got much time. Yeah, I know this. Maybe I know this. I hear this. P. You sure? I'm about 30 minutes. There's a lot of money, man. I'm about 30. All right, man. Thank you very much. I made. I'm about 30. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question. Three lifelines have used one. You have two left. No, no, no. I get another last line. It's a brand new one to the game. And what is that, Puffy? It's called Shukosh. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shukosh. Huffie used the 5550. What's he asked? Huffie is stuck. It's a hay. It's stuck. My final answer is that. It's stuck. And it's a good one. You got all of it all? You ready, my brother? You got it, you got it. One, 24, five, sixty, WQM. I got this fact last time we went out for a match. And it's wizi, which we've talked about this piece for wizi from the Jefferson's is letting crabots his mother. Oh, hey. Even as much as we loved wizi, that proves that I wish that four specializations are really good idea. Nice here to a lany. One night is a couple lay down for bed. The husband gently tats his wife on the shoulder and started rubbing her arm. his wife turned over and said, I'm sorry honey I've got a kind of college appointment tomorrow and I want to stay fresh. Her husband rejected your no-for again and tried to sleep. A few minutes later he rolled back over and tapped his wife again. This time he wished her near ear. Do you have a dentist appointment tomorrow or two? How about the streets of San Francisco and Michael Douglas? What are you saying? No. Carl Moldin says forgot the other actor's name. I've actually didn't forget his nose though. That was a good show. How are they going to be on the list? No. Let me ask you something. What's that? What's blaring up there in the hall? Was that? Did you hear that? No. Oh, it stopped. Otherwise, Roxy Roker is a lady crab that says mom, which is the upstairs neighbors. Oh, not weasy. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, get it right, okay. John. Five six seven, five, six, seven, five, six, we're getting at the end. It's a good thing. I just put down CNBC for just one second there. Good thing I have my Harold's port section tape right over the bottom of my IOS CNN. Good move. No, it's not that bad. Not that good. It's ugly. Here's a model in Miami. Hello. Oh, you need your hands. How you doing, Danny? Good. Got a couple of names for you. Actually, you're talking about in shows the monkey hole, do you want? Money hole. Yeah, I know, I know, my, but I think the answer is low. No, because I know that that was a metal of his smash, you know. I got a couple of names for TV about Rob and Williams. What do you mean? No. Lauren Green. What do you think? We did that earlier. Lauren, yeah, let's put them on there. What the hell? Lucy and Daddy. Lucy's on. And not Daddy. We want to start making this into a holiolist. No, no, no, you did baseball. No, haven't. Just we can baseball. No. No. Leave majors. He's on there. All right, thank you. See you. Okay, Lauren Green is one more additional list. Yeah, what about this? You? We're going to put this on here. Yeah. Lucy, Babaloo, Babaloo, come on. Let's put this on there. No. No. Because that was it. That was it. Yeah, I mean, I thought it was back here. I was very close in the back. That is so when you got to put some more Cuban genre. Oh, you know, look out. Yeah, I do know my girl. And you said, she's your Romero. Just because you asked, you know, name another. I said name another famous TV. Cuban, you said she's your model. He was a man. And he was the Joker. He was very good in that role. What else did you want to do? He was a character actor. He was in a lot of food. Yeah, but not. So I TV. But I'll say again, if you want to see a whole bunch of season Romero has just got a caracous Venice when they look going in. They made your hotels downtown. And there's all these people spanner running a lobby with pinstrips suits. Who looked just like season Romero. Yeah, it's like on my hat. It's like a time warp. Caracas. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hi, me. Yes, sir. Three for you. Jonathan winners. Hmm. Yeah. Ernie co-vax. Ernie co-vax. But he died in the way. He was on here for about five minutes. He died. I know, but he's still he's dead. He was great. He was one of my favorites. He died. Yeah, you're right. Ernie co-vax needs to be on the list. You're right. Excellent. One more. Wild card. Paul win. Yeah, I mentioned them before, but the George seemed pretty a down on it. He was funny as hell. Yeah, he was a center square and he was on the which. Yeah, let's put him on there. You're right. You got two out of three. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Yeah, let's put him on there. What's he looking at her? Okay, let's have a token of fact. I mean Paul win. And Ernie co-vax. Of course, how many people remember Ernie co-vax? Do you remember Ernie co-vax? He's struggling his shoulders like who? Huh? How about John co-vax? He's a harness driver. What is it? Whatever you'll, you tell me. No, I put it on there, but I'm saying you remember Ernie co-vax? Why would I remember him? You don't. You remember E.D. Adams? No. With the White House box or whatever, sugar, she was selling. You don't remember E.D. Adams? No. No. Explain the law. Go away. E.D. Go away. How about Steve Lawrence? No. E.D. Go away. Go away. Go away. Yeah, we got to get a few more Jews on the list here. Come on, Steve Lawrence is brother that we're the elevator over the track. No. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes sir. Are you? Great. I got a bunch of reports. Okay. One of them unfortunately died too soon, but Jackson was looking for a guy. Howl-endon. I love them. Red Fox. And Barbara Eden, because they always wanted to go. Yeah, Barbara Eden's up was the first name I put on the list. What's that? Barbara Eden. Oh yeah, because I always wanted to blow that and know how to say, yes, man, so it meant it. Yeah, there you go. Okay, thanks. See, right now there's a very bottled guy before that was the Tommy that Barbara Eden and where Jackson and Smith weren't. The least but sexual any heterosexual man. That's why that's like Tommy that the Bert War wasn't a track of any homosexual man, you know? With those tights and those crime fighting bullies. That feels really weird. Yeah, never mind that. I'm not sure what you like to do. This will deal in a whole time. Yeah, that's what you can do. I'll be hit on a full body court. Eugene, Red Fox from your own house. 154 at 5.60 WCM here two faces. One good one ridiculous. The first one says, do a lock hard. Lassy, lost in space. What do you think? Colossus a lock hard or do a lock hard? None of you, but by the way, I don't, you know, we like it. You're not going to make the list. Now, here's the fact that you're going to just love from Lori who says. And then you can see about a handwriting she saw a comic. Lenny case mother was the woman in the interracial couple. George is an asshole. Well, what I saw. Yeah, exactly. We see wasn't the woman from the interracial couple. She was the George Jefferson's wife. The woman from the interracial couple was Roxy, whatever. You're labor Roxy, real girl, which is what I said. Right. That's right. Tom Mahathe's wife. Right, bitch. Oh, she has to have a point. The most she's got George spelled with the G. So maybe she's talking about somebody that likes George Jefferson. Can you get that's what she meant. Do you think so? No. It's fine, Lori. I think it's really from Gary Sarner. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. I mean, if you're going to be wrong, lady, don't be loud and wrong. Okay, you're wrong the first time. Okay, anybody can make a mistake. But then to call back and bitch out George is just because you were full of crap. We got your wizy right over here, honey. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello there. Hi. Get wind. It winds on list. Oh, yes, I didn't hear it. I put them on your well, wait a minute. Maybe I left them off. I thought I'd put them on. I left them all. You're right. You're right. Thank you. All right. You remember good old, uh, scratching a gram for the old IOD days. Sure. Did you hear that last week her wonderful, uh, human being of a person, uh, husband passed away. He lost his battle to cancer, chuffed him. He used to do the morning news on, uh, GPS. Sure. Yeah, he passed away last week. I didn't know if you heard her. And not here, that's over here. No, he was one of the few good people left in this business. Who knew good? Yeah. Well, have a great week when you're there. Okay, thanks. Thanks for the bad news. Chucked and died. Oh. Edwin, well, I could be the whole list again. Should I? Yes. I. Ha ha ha. And you've got to keep in mind when we asked these questions. It just amazing. I understand that you could whip the whipped up in the, uh, oh, you left the name on. But you've got to understand where I see who's your all-time favorite. Your all-time favorite TV personality. And I mean, I, uh, it's just boggling to me. There's somebody who could say like, like, money hall. Oh, sorry, tree. I mean, money hall is your favorite all-time TV personality. Not he Python, maybe money hall, though. So here's, uh, we have on here now. Edwin, Paulin. Lauren Green, Arthur Godfrey, Alan Alda, Phil Hartman, James Garner, Mary Tyler Moore, Dick Van Dyke, Jean Rayburn, Jack Berry, Peter Graves, Oh, that Jack Finning, not Jack Ray. Sorry, Eric, Jack Finning. Peter Graves, Bill Cohen, William Shattner, Dick Clark, Jack Lord, Larry Hagman, Bob Barker, Regis Pilbon, Tony Dow, Carol Conner, Susan Day, Milton Burrow, Carol Burnett, Michael Landon, Sherman Hemsley, aka George Jefferson, Jerry signed Jerry Field, Bill Cosby, Bob Newhart, Ron Howard, J. Leno, Henry Winkler, Andy Griffith, Lee Majors, Buddy Epson, Ernie Kobax, Alfred Hitchcock, Michael J. Fox, Howard Kosell, Ed Sullivan, Raymond Burr, Richard Bullen, Oprah, Bill Bixby, Sid Seaser, Phil Donnaieu, Farah Fosson, Peter Graves, Barbara Eden, Elizabeth Montgomery, Lucille Ball, Jackie Gleason, Johnny Carson, David Letterman, Foreman Henderson, David Cassidy, William Conrad, Kelly Sevalos, Jack Par, Steve Allen, so we'd be of anybody out? Probably a lot. That's a pretty good list though. Damn good, and I'll say it again. Are any of those people from shows in the last couple of years? No, last five years? No, 10 years old. None, I mean, would you let him in, Letterman? But they've been on longer than that. Goes to show you there's a desperate lack of real entertainment of real star power out there now. Got some real marginal terminal people on there. I'm not saying there aren't a few good shows, not too many. Leave the implantation, hello. Oh, you're talking about me, Farah. That sounds like you, Farah. Yeah, I'll go quickly. I'm a correction first though. But man, a wild icon nervous would remind my wife. That's OK. We're not even going to have that nervous. OK. OK, man. Said, Ma, she gets it small, look at it. Right. OK, my list is eight-foot-go-difficient from Bonnie Millenau, for the Godfather, Leonard E. Moiss, Bach, two from Mission Impossible. You mentioned huge, far-preparete, Morten, Wyandown, Richard Dean, Anderson, Macaver, and Sufi-Sale. OK. OK. OK, thank you. How about that? Good list, are we going to put a monitor? No. Very good ones are like bubbling under. The 50,000 people who are bubbling under your all-time favorite. That'll be like next week. Yeah. The 400 million people are like, you know, good actors, but people have almost nobody ever heard of before. That'll be the week after that. Hey, I'm no fool. I'll tell you that right now. Jim J. Buckbillick. Jim J. Buckbillick? Oh, that's a separate category. Paul Lind. Liberace Charles Nelson, Riley. Rock Hudson. Yeah. So neighbors, do you have any neighbors? Very good. Speaking of rock Hudson. Uh-huh. He's got a piece of the rock. He's what I'm hearing. It is pocket or head one. This is pocket rocket. OK, that's going to take care of it for us today. It's a simulating, you know, something and they would all this done. I don't know a home bit of vote for. Do you know who you're going to vote for? Still hard. Really? Yeah. I like Philharmon. A lot. Very multi-challenge. It's a very, a history. They're calling where he could have gone. Right. But you know what? I know he's going now. OK, he's coming up next from Schullis. They too don't forget Mad Dog managed it. Six o'clock. Marlins, baseball, and all the associates stuff that goes along with it, where they elected not at 839. Bye, bye, bye. The real Roger show on 560 WQAM. Hey, what's up? What's up? Hey. And good afternoon at Schullis Clark. And molding with the QAM sports headlines. We're having a heat with their speakers to the fire at tonight at critical Muscle and game against Charlotte. Our head for the Hornets missed Friday to the games to man in the upestified. Florida Marlins up at a six game road trip tonight for us to free in Arizona. First series out of the time shown in division this season. Brian Demskin for Florida, Randy Johnsonson for the B-back. QAM, baseball, broadcast beginning with a crow at 830. Standing top for the final play. I'm gonna go down to show you how to go down. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. I'm gonna go down to the ball. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, You are the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one whose is the one who is the one who is to us and to the intelligent and the intelligent and the intelligent who is the one who is the one who is the one who's the one who is everything. You of my lead Launder