Oh, seven at WIOD. Welcome to our Monday morning party party. Whichever a refits. And a delicious sound of that somebody left here. I wonder where this is from. Anyway, here's a lady in Tamarack. Hello. Oh, hi, Neil. Hi, huh? I'm home because I have to sleep today. And normally I listen to you on the way home at lunch tonight. Oh, everybody's gone it today, huh? Yeah. And you're just great. Hi, I'm from. My love, my porch country. Atlanta. Yes. Well, I'll be dang. But when I get down here, I found your station. And find a real radio station. Yes, yes. They're kinder and jimler up there. But like a bunch of backwards. Got to use up there. But I love it. And I love Rick and said, well, that's great. And listen, the football thing last weekend was great. It was great. It was great. That's great. But, but Neil, you please play the jeopardy thing about those chickens. Oh, the chicken jeopardy. Yeah, that is so great. Is it great? Yes. And say great here. Well, everything's great. OK. Bye. And you're great to see him. She's great. That's great. That is great. I just just passed the golfstone. Oh, that's great. Oh, boy. I just popped a hammer on. That's great. Hey, one thing. She's a happy lady. OK. Oh, oh, oh. OK, that gave me time to get it in the machine. Oh, no. That's a chicken jeopardy. Oh, no, host. Alex, for me. We move on now to double jeopardy. Penny, you had the low score at the end of the last round. Choose a category, please. Yeah. Extra terrestrial is for 200. It makes strange noises in the chicken coop late at night. Yes, bonus. Ah. Right, Purdue. No. Cajun. Ah. No. What is a poultry guy? Poop, three guys. Penny, you still have control of the board. To be or not to be for 600. He was the star of the Omen. Bonus. Correct. Wait, is that a peck? We'll return with my only chicken jeopardy. Where a category will be. Chockey on the peck. Right after this. OK, it's 1109. See, I love the way he says poultry guys. And the whole ambiance of that series of bits that they did. Because that's the dumbest thing you show I have ever seen in my life. And all these suits sit around. Oh, yeah, I knew that. Yeah, poultry guys. That. You know, it's for a suit of intellectuals who have no whoever very low opinion of themselves. And justifiably so. Anyway, where the hell is that information from Pompano Park, dammit? We got a whole bunch of people out there who hate me like poison who are listening right now wondering when they're going to get the info. How many people shared in the pot from Christmas list, the winnings? And how much they're each going to get? And as I left there on Saturday night, is they were all clawing and grabbing it my body parts. And I said, I'll have it on here for you Monday. Where is it? Let's go. Let's get with it. I'm probably nobody over there. They're all going out to them to lunch. Here's a lady mobile in a four-laterdale. Hi, Neil. Hi. Hi, I'm a first time caller. Ray. Yeah, I just wanted to let you know. I quit listening to your show about a year ago when you started writing on Don't Love It All Day. Oh, my God. Yeah, I couldn't understand it. And I can't understand it even more when you have somebody wonderful around on like Diana Morgan on Taylor's. I think she's awful. She is awful. But John Love it. Don't love it. Need Zia face job. No, that's not true. She needs new face. Well, Lisa's got good news. And she doesn't. She has good nose? No, no. That's a lane editor with a good nose. No, no. But Lisa, if she's a housewife, I'll go out and Diana Morgan. Well, whatever you say, that's why I say and she looks better than Anne. You know, I mean, so does my grandma. She's been dead 20 years. Oh, wow. So what else is going on? I agree with you about get a life. I think that's a horrible show. And my fiance loves it. And I think he's the least back there. Oh, he must have an IQ about his biggest age. Jocsides. I'll tell him he said that. Actually, he's listening right now. So, how about you? Well, he knows. He can relate to it. Yeah. Probably too many showers with bandage. Well, listen, have a great day and put you up. Okay. See you. It's 11 after 11 at Wild and we have two. So, by the way, speaking of Channel 7 news, the big news. I don't know how we could left this out so long. Rick Sanchez has been promoted. Isn't that incredible? Well, if he hits another couple of guys, and they're going to make him the older. Going to give him the station. Seriously, he's been promoted from his 530 and 630 anchor post opposite Joan. I love it. See how this off it's in on his show? Two, the main 5 and 6 PM newscasts right alongside veteran. Oh, Sally fits. Oh, boy. And if Sally fits does don't know, and his Dave game. But, we'll find out. Boy, what a, it's like revolving chairs on those newscasts. You know, the same bunch of silly people over and over again. Nobody gives a crap anyway. There are two upper lines. I'll say to get it and browered on a very, very ponderous Monday, 524WI. Oh, D. We're still waiting for the word from Papadou just in case you hadn't heard in the last two minutes or so that we don't know yet. We're still waiting for the article by Tom Jika and Juan Carlos Code Tax about those ratings. We're still waiting for our sales department to wake up. But let's do a little bit. Do we do a break just to see if there were paying any attention? We're here at point. How do you think like it's chicken? Monday, doesn't it? 1115 to WIWD. Speaking of that, Alan J. Finkelson, a legend in the harness racing business. Is that a phone? Yes, sir. I have the count for you. Well, thank God. I just got it. They're killing you all the week. Depend on the garments. We have to rest up. You know. Yeah, I know. Well, here we are. So does my wallet. Yeah, I know. I put it in the freezer. If you lost, it's not because of me. It is because of you. Hey, I'm hiding from you. Robert Robert Clanner is still, uh, he was there Saturday night. Good. He's hiding from you. Great. And I'm hiding from somebody. Okay, let's get those numbers. These people are hiding in 18 people. What's up, Ed? Come down to $50, $54. And $40, essentially checks will be mailed out in a week to 10 days. They don't have to call here. We do have their addresses. It will be mailed out. It was an excellent promotion. Thanks to you. The searcher was just to La Viano, who owns the horse. And, uh, it's, you did predict that he did win. Your prediction would have been right on the nose of 25,000. Right. But he's tired. You're raised to about $50. No, he's not tired. Tommy Houtton parked him a quarter in 273. Don't tell me he's tired. He's tired now after that race. You bet. Well, he's tired. And so you and I now rest. Your pocketbook up for, uh, May 24th. I know you love quarter horses. And you'll eat in the cafeteria with exactly. I love him just as much as you to that's correct. Right. Right. Love you for everything. Okay, Alan. Thank you. Thank you. There you go. 418 winners, $54. And 40 cents. That made us sound like much. But at the metal lands, I got about 27 bucks. A piece. And they started that promotion with symbols, Yankeh Tron. As in Yankeh this. And we did okay. It was a great promotion. It was a lot of fun. We had a lot of people out there for 18. Diahards who came every time Christmas list raised. And they rewarded with $54.40. Which ought to pay for their parking. It was great. Next year we'll do it right next year. We'll get a horse that makes about 10 million. And I get half. It's 11 17. The W.I.O.D. The Palm Beach line is open. We re-opened it by the way. There was somebody on there and they dropped off. Thank God. Boy, they're probably out there writing swastikos on walls right now. Hollywood. Hey, hello. Yes, sir. What's up, Neil? I'm a first-time caller. Great. All right. I got a support for your idea of saying that, you know, I stayed to become a police state. Mm-hmm. A couple weeks ago, I mean, my girlfriend are at the beach. Yeah. And, you know, we're just sitting there or eating. We got some takeoff from McDonald's. And this pig comes up, you know, he says, may I see your identification? For what? I don't know. I ask him the same question. He says, well, I don't have to tell you, you know, I don't have to tell you. What he said. Yeah. But, you know, he called me a person from my girlfriend. Are you serious? Yeah. I'm dead, sir. He's like, he said, I don't have to tell you. Yeah. You know, I mean, I can't say it. You know, I'm a taxpayer. I'm gonna leave all. Why did you say, what the hell do you want? You fascist Nazi pig? I want to, but, you know, I know. He's like, you know, he searched the car. He searched the purse. Yeah, probably strip searched your girlfriend, too. Yeah. And they wonder why they get shot, you know? Exactly. You know, um, they wonder why the public is sick and tired of being harassed by this fascist police state that we have out there. And then we were supposed to say the police officer is your friend. Right. Right. Right. It's, it's such a bummer like you, you know, they have to public fool in the believing. And we're paying their goddamn salary and they're out there waiting in the bushes and coming around and harassing people. So they can act out there much, you know, well, whatever the fan does these. And I tell them that, this will, you know, I pay your taxes. I don't care if the city pays my taxes. Yeah, right. Like, who pays the city? Uh-huh. I tell them to stick. Right where the, don't shine, you know what? Exactly. Okay. Good luck to you. Okay. I also want to call someone a major douchebag. Yeah. Nick Nivarra, your major douchebag. A major, ding douchebag. Absolutely. You're a great American now. See you. Bye. 20 after 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward, 524WIOD. And one in Palm Beach. You don't think Joey's going to show up, do you? I sure hope not. Oh, God, of all days. It's kind of a smart me day to begin with. Kind of a sleazy day. Yeah, exactly. Here's a lady in Miami. Who says? Nothing. Who's gone? She's gone. The lady in Miami on three is gone. Hello. Hello. What a bitch. You'll believe that? Was she on a wrong time? I didn't. She was on a wrong time. Was she under the age of 100? Was she some old bag? George. Was she an old bag? No? Well, we're very sorry. Okay. I know you have a very busy life. Probably got another customer at the door right now, huh? 20 after 11 at WIOD. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, hi. How are you? We do not hang up on us. Thank goodness for you. And I'm definitely under 100. Good. And I want to wish someone who is also under 100. Happy birthday and say, Michael Cone, you're not a douchebag. Okay. Okay. That was sweet. That was sweet, wasn't it? Yeah. I hope he's listening. Okay, me too. Okay. See you. Thanks, bye. That was short and sweet. And right to the point, no beating around the bush. No phony preliminary. She just got right out there and did it. Okay. No radio for play with her. We have an open line in date. I'm going to keep punching these numbers all day because it's Monday. We're doing fair for Monday, not too bad. But Mondays are usually just a, uh, pernia inducing day awful. And this one in Broward is 5249463 for Lauderdale. Yeah, Neil. Yeah, this is Chris. I just got back from Vegas. Hey, Chris, how was it? Good. I took your advice and went to power station. And funds my brains out. And really? When are you going to do remote? Vegas. Don't hold your breath. I don't even know what we're doing. Our coverage remote. These people, they, they are so non-communicato this outfit. I saw Mike to Chelo, our friend from Midway Airlines, driving up the street one day last week. He was leaving here and I was leaving. He hiked the horn and waved and he should give me that. Your number one symbol, you know, right, but other than that, I have no idea when we're going to Chicago or we're going, nothing. They just sit back and that's it. Try to get away with this spending as little as possible. And that's the way it goes. Yeah, well, uh, nice talking. You want to call my girlfriend a disrespect. Okay, Chris. Definitely you're a disrespect. Good luck to you. Okay. I don't know when we're going. People call it all the time. When you go into Chicago, would I? I don't know. They tell me nothing. I hear nothing. They tell me nothing. They offer no information. They're too busy with these 85 billion of these silly, uh, jocks sniffing remote that they do between the draft and all this other silly crap. That they lose money on, by the way. I know, oh, we made a lot of money. Yeah, right. I'd like to see how much money we make on the sports department. Okay. I'd love to see it. I want to see it in black and white. Okay, Joe. Right now. Now, I want to see it right on the table. Slime ball. Let's take a call from a lady in Miami. Hello. Go on again. How is that possible? She just called, right? She just called. Yes. Hello. Yes. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hello. Mm-hmm. Hello. Hello. There's some bitch on the phone here and she won't speak. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Put the bitch on hold, okay? Two open lines in Broward 524Wild. Here's a mobile pig report on 7. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yeah, we got a pig report. Yeah. Yeah, it's a 10 of them on 57 and it was the palm better. Wow. 10 to 5 on each side unbelievable. Yeah. We're seeing the general pig emergency here in Miami. Are they earning their pay today or what? They got to. They got 10 of them out there. If I have the helicopter out there every day. On real. On real. I just like the call friend of mine to do Spac. Dale Kate to the do Spac. Okay. All right. Thank you. Wow. 24 Oyal Dunjay. Great job. Got it done fast today, huh? Probably got to go spend that money at the dog track. Man, it needs tomorrow. Two open lines in Broward still were just dying over here. 5249463. 524Wild. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hello. Sally, what are you doing? Oh, there it goes. Hold on, Sally. She's getting ready for Rick. Open line in the Broward 524Wild. Miami on the Palm Beach line. Dale, how's it going? Okay. Hey, sound pretty good. What? He's sound good. Who does? Can you hear me? Hello. How about that? Batchy, but why was she on? She's still on there. She's on one. We've got a data tunnel listening up. Yeah, and she's taken up that data line that makes you have to call out a Palm Beach line. How do you know that? I'm a work anyway, so I'll figure it out. Exactly. What are you asking? I feel like the track, uh, pomp and all their, uh, Saturday. Hmm? Christmas is puking down the stretch. Hmm? At her. How about what kind of dam? I had a box in the trip alone, so I, and which another three other ones. So, if that matters, it was pretty weak pay off. You had a boxed with three others? Yeah, it was a little bit. Like Closcia 24 bucks, right? I know. It was a weak pay off too. How much did it pay? It paid 112, I got half of it. What's wrong with that? What was the, uh, but, you know, it only six horses. I felt like pretty weak. You don't understand. Yeah. When there's only six horses, how much is it going to pay? Not that much. You're the horses. The smaller it's going to pay. Yeah, but I mean, it was. You want to see a small pay off the race that Mr. Steincast with Talbot Bandit with Walter Ross. Uh huh. And Mike Deeters came second with a four horse. There was a 13 to one and a 20 to one shot. And the perfect, a paid only $214 from the triple paid about a thousand. It should have paid 6000. Talk about a smelly pay off an race. That's crap. Yeah. God dam, we give it the phone number. Exactly. They're all gone. They all left town. You can't get Walter Ross now too late. Oh man. You got your money. Hey, and the she got you like Midway, you know. Did beats say how lot all here? I like Midway. I like I find Midway a lot of time of great. This must be Mike Dechello. It is. I knew how you don't. Tell my bitch in the mile and the line to get off the line. Is this Mike? Oh yes. No, it's not. It's not. It's just a cake. Can I listen for one? You don't have a nasal out voice to be Mike Dechello. I heard Mike Dechello. Yeah. Hey Mike. Yeah. Hey, Ron. Hold on Mike. Twenty seven after eleven at WIOD. You're a little bit tired. On one. That bitch and he down one. Hello. Hello. See if he can get her to say it every now and then it kind of helps. Hello. Well. Okay. Let's go to a break. Okay. Boy, we're getting way behind here. Not really. Twenty eight after eleven on six ten WIOD or hysterical station for the 90s. We got Rick and Suds and Buffalo Bob. And some howdy duty. Between two and six this afternoon sports talk with Jolton Joe Mr. expense. Mr. Rudeine over here from all the expense that sports department builds up over here. I'm telling him. All those basketball games from from Diamond Head and all those other frivolous trips around the world. We can't even make one trip to a Vegas. Okay. For one week on this high rated high up page show where we bring in all this revenue. And sports department continues draining and draining. It's like a massive coli colonic. Twenty eight after eleven at WIOD will be right back. Okay. It's eleven thirty two. There is nothing worse than a guy who comes in after his team wins a couple of games by big score. And it's been hot for a week, which is about all it's been and start trying to rub your nose in it. Chuck Meyer comes in here swinging on imaginary baseball back with a big smile on his face. I got news for you. We got Elaine at Tours nose in my house and I'm going to rub her nose in it all day long and then you're going to be what you think it is either. Something my big dog left in the backyard is kind of a surprise gift for Elaine. South Miami. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I want to ask you. I want to it's not really it's not a request. But I want my no no it's not a request. I swear it's not a request. You're lining. I want to make a suggestion for the return. I'm going to give you a clue of what it used to be. It used to be an old feature of your show but I would like I would call up and I would go. Tell you. R. M. F. Remember the old lightning round? We're getting. What happened? We're getting. We're getting. The audience killed it. Yeah but it's time to, you know it's been dead for a while and I've kind of been here in some grumbling about maybe you should. You've been hearing some rumbling? Some grumbling? I think it's probably bad the grits. I think I think it was I think. 1133 at WIO Day we have an open line in Broward, 524 and 2 in date. We're just fumbling our way along just trying to kill another Monday boy and I think some of the audience here they're Butchering it. 751 WIO Day. Nobody gives a crap about anything anymore. You know that? They don't care. In different oblivious. I think everybody should be on a phone to Tom Jickard, the son sent the last thing where the hell is a story about the ratings and especially Rick and Suds and I've Great They didn't kick to us any afternoon despite of all of his crap. I think everybody oughta start standing up for yourself and stopping a bunch of WIMP. That's the problem in his world. We got a bunch of followers in a bunch of WIMPs running around with hair growing out of their cheek with a whole cutout in their eyes. That's what's wrong with the world. Carol City. Hello Neil. Yes sir. How are you? Okay. Listen up. How about the pirates there? They're kicking some of it. Yeah. Bond, but he advanced sight man. They're carrying it up. Yeah. Anyway. Now the cups of start coming to do. No we won't. Forget about it. Why do you have to go through this whole agonizing routine? Isn't it enough that I said the cup suck I admitted? But that isn't enough for you. I don't know how about those pirates screw the pirates. How do you like that sir? What they do on their own time is that they do it. In addition to which let me say this to you too after all these high paid Primadama's on their pirates are back next year. They better do it this year. What are they going to do next year? Play in the three I league? Forget it. This is the only chance it's their last gas. No, but I mean the cups, you know the main guys haven't come to you. The cups suck. Okay. We bite the big one. We stink. I'm tired of excuses. We play like crap. They make me nauseous. Two. But I still love them. Right. But they suck. How about the meink? What the hell are you eating in there now? George suckin out of a thing. What is that? Soup. Soup from where? From home. From home. Didn't bring me any soup. Deal. Piece of mong yes sir. How about the meink? What kind of soup is it? Bound. What is it? Ramen. Ramen. You know the talking about soup not religion. What is it now the yanky stink to sir? Do you have anything to say except how about them pirates? How about them cubs? How about the meinkies? I just say something constructive like how about those tigers? Yeah right. Okay. I think they should bow burned shem back where Anna. Park Anchin. Good thing. Have a great life. It's 1136 the WIOD. We have two open lines. They're both in Broward in the day. Whatever the LAR751 WIOD. Laura is running around frantically looking for that copy which is not existent. Well, you got a cute story about that too from our crack sales department. I guess we can't call it that anymore since one of our sales people departed. We used to call it the crack sales department. Anyway, let's take a call from pop in O. Hello. Hey man. You're great man. I was just driving home from school. Yeah. Which is not the channel. Come on. Don't tell me you just discovered the show by. I'm just kidding. Yeah. All I got to say to you, Sir, is. Okay. This isn't the sports final on Channel 4. Okay. We have a delay. Could sound like he's going nuts in that car, huh? Is he in a car? He had one hand on the wheel. I think he was sitting on the other one. He's all right. 23 till noon at WIOD. Here's a mobile in Miami. Speaking of in the car. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know why. I'm doing okay. Well, that's a he got a car right there. Yeah. We had to give him the old hevo. I was waiting for the old people to come. The Dow is up 15 and a half points aren't you impressed? I can't wait. Thank you. Thank you very much. Let me give you one back. Back on you. Hey, Nick. Yeah. I think the tigers are going to slip on by everybody. Yeah. They're slipping it all right. They're slipping it to their fans. Really quietly. Well, um, you can tell it's Monday here. It's, uh. Oh, man. People are just, but I will say this. Usually I get pissed off about this because Monday I come in. I feel fine. I'm ready to do a show. And the whole world is like, uh, in a coma. I'm in a coma two today. So it fits in great. That's why we're having a good time. This is the, this don't problem. The food fits weird. Uh, and real quick, uh, people at various bikes. This is Tony. Hey, um, yeah. Give me a favor. I need, uh, bring him to check the back right break. Is it squeaks a little. Okay. All right. Check this later. Twenty-two till noon at WIOD. We have an open line on the starlight. Ha ha ha ha. Now listen, for that punk kid that called it before in the rare, uh, likely it and it's not too likely that that was a legitimate call. You can say anything you want, but you can't say this show is, ing, great. Okay. You can say the show sucks. You can get away with that. But if you're going to say the show is, ing, great. You got a real problem. I don't have a problem. But the FCC, all those bureaucratic old farts up there and Washington is sitting around with their finger up there. But they have a big problem. Okay. Because they have nothing more important to do than be the word police in as damn fascist state that we live in. With a bunch of pigs and uniforms and heat out there writing tickets like it's going to be a real style because we're paying them to protect us from the murderers and the rapists and the arsonist and the drug peddlers. And so I can't do that, but they can sure write those tickets. Can't they? I almost said they can write those goddamn tickets. Here's a nice lady in plantation. Hello, Neil. Hi. How are you? Okay. Okay. Guess what? They didn't plantation with the cold. Oh, everybody's got it. But other than the cold, I am really seeing that WIOD. What did we do now? Oh, sports intensive WIOD. The whole gang of us wait for Sunday afternoon for White Fox and the Yankee Games. What does WIOD put on that crappy Randy Martin? Are you serious? Are you serious? Are you serious? Yes. She was on yesterday? Yes. And I checked that's, I opened the WIOD until 11 o'clock every single day. Oh, no. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm sorry. I'm a lady. I was really pissed off. Yeah. I listened to Jeff as far as the morning. Can't see the force for the trees, right? Ah, yeah. By the way, you didn't hear Dave in the graveyard on Saturday morning. Yes, I did. Oh, man, there's nothing worse than a guy who was not funny trying to be a comedian. He was playing every cart in the room. Uh-huh. Trying to be funny. I was so embarrassed for him that I was just grabbing myself. I just couldn't believe it. Yeah, well, I was grabbing myself yesterday afternoon. I had WIOD's management here. Oh, yeah. You grab that. I'm also getting who listened to this. Even for my 11 year old granddaughter right on up. All different ages. Right. I put that damn way on the morning on. Exactly. I could have taken my radio and flowing them against the wall. I don't blame it. I was really peoed. Mm-hmm. Well, let's have a big billboard campaign never again. Can be our slow. Yeah, it's probably about sports intensive sports intensive. And who do they put on? Randy. Exactly. I can believe it. Mmm. I think it was a grand. You all people say what they think. Yeah, it's funny that we're over here blowing a lane it to his nose and it's not even a test to where face anymore. It's incredible. You ought to see it's like something that one of those Slight of handguys would do. Well, I hope when she puts the nose back on, she doesn't run upside down. We'll drown out in the shower. Like senior wenses. Anyway, have a great day. We'll try not to do it again. Okay, Neil. Great listening to you. See you. Boy, how does she really feel about Randy though? That's the question. It's 1141 in WID. Anybody else here a week, week magazine this Saturday morning with Dave in the Grave line? Oh, man. There is nothing more embarrassing and more humiliating but why couldn't he just do it straight face, the deadpan, just a beer voice, which is all he is and stop trying to be a personality and a comedian? Oh, God, I was so embarrassed for this off-screen. I was plotting in the car. I was on a way to the market. I just was puking all over the steering wheel. I just couldn't get a grip on it. We have an open line in Broward, 524WIOD. The audience is, I'd say about a semi-comitose. Now they're coming out of it. Here's a mobile in Miami. I got a big report for you. Another one? Another one. Man. I got it on par medal in between 575 and 675 and 0. They're in heat. Yep. I guess so. Boy, was my prediction right today? Yep. It's the 29th of the month they got a gigantic quota to fill in. They're just out there harassing the public like there's no tomorrow. They have nothing better to do. Yes, sir. All right, take it easy. Thank you. Great American. To 1142 at WIOD, we have an open line in day. We're pretty ticked off about this harassment. It's got nothing to do with law enforcement. It's called harassment. Paras. That's what it is. They're harassing the public and we're tired of it. We've had it. Bunch of disgusting porters. Yeah. And you wonder why the public just cringes every time they see somebody in uniform. Used to be all the policemen as your friend. Is your buddy if you're in trouble, call a cop. Now you see a cop coming man. You're florent anything to get away from him. Now what is that? A different lady now. Is that the same one? I'm one. Hello. Hello. Hi. Leo? Yeah. Hi. I just thought I was going to be a good guy. I'm going to call on the call. I'm in Crollgables now. And I was driving to Coconut Grove. Yeah. And all on South Bay Short watch out. The worst of the worst. Crollgables police. Well, I'm trying to write by Monty's. So be careful. Well, I'm trying to. If anybody wants to rob a bank today, it's a hell of a good day to do it. Every cop in Dayton, Brower, it is out there right in tickets today. It seems like they love red corvets and black mustache. That's who I thought came down the side of the road with the cars. Incredible. Well, they probably thought it was me in the vet. They want my ass bed. Probably. Right on Flamingo. I'm telling you when I left my house today, right on Flamingo a road. They've got a van in the median there. And behind the van, they got two pigs on motorcycles with their radar guns up over the hood. Like Clint Eastwood waiting for the ambush. I believe it. I believe it's got a filter. Yeah. I just want to call on my boss Michelle Dishbeck. Okay, as you drive by him again, let him know their number one. Okay. Thank you. See you. Love him 43 at WIOD. We have an open line in date, 751 pig. Why? Little did I know when I predicted that the beginning of the show today, because I saw Mary were myself. But little did I realize that there would be such massive forest. They're putting their feet down today, man. You can hear the boot stop at all over town. Everybody drive at least. See if you're driving under the speed limit. You can see it's a little bit of a change of 100. And you have no reflexes and shouldn't be on a road at all. That doesn't count because they don't get any brownie points for that. So they don't give a crap. You can do whatever they have you want. But if you should be driving seven eight miles an hour over the speed limit, God help you. Okay. They're going to take away your driver's license. Your car. Slappy rass in jail. Take away your green card. And your arbitron diary. How do you like that? It's 1144 at WIOD or up station for the 90s. You're going to see the right back because they always say blank. We're rickened sobs on a blackboard here. So it could be joy because it says blank. Sunrise. Hello. Yes, Neil. Long time caller first time listener. Uh-huh. Yeah. Sorry. The jokes aren't that great. Week. But you really get to realize the people I live around in sunrise. But we don't want those young people up here. That's so true. You just see that story that I just threw it away. Spacke that I mentioned earlier. Didn't see it. Yeah. One thing I wanted to go with you. And you obviously don't care because you just, uh- That's why I didn't hear- No, that's okay. I didn't hear. Don't worry about it. I threw it away. Uh-huh. Like you, I'm also a metteater. Mm-hmm. I'm from St. Louis and we've always had a great rival with the cubs. Sunrise. Seenures. Opposed. Ten entertainment center. Teenages. And elderly people sometimes don't get along. Says Sandy Black. Director of Senior Services and Project Coordinator for the Jewish Federation. Traditionally, our kids bring in the types of people. We don't want in this area. How do you like that? The amazing. Trees. You know what? You chase teenagers. They don't move black. That's right. They'll go across the street. We don't want to have those types. Chased onto our property. In other words, they're living and they're under the age of 100. Screw them. How do you like that in sunrise? Uh-huh. I think we need to get them off the street. So why not have an arcade? Let's get all the old farts all off the street. How's that? I'm trying to... Let's find a... A metamusal cafeteria where they have the pollident and the metamusal on the table already in about 5 million pounds of sweet and low for them to shove in their bag. You mentioned how rich it would be if you had the distributor ship and south Florida for that stuff? Exactly. But, uh... You would think how appropriate it is to have the metaplayan and Shaze Stadium in a town that's called Flushing. Mm-hmm. But, uh... Yeah. You know what drives me crazy? People calling. And they have called... You remind me of Eric Lamber. You know, you can just see your dying right before your very eyes. But you only have TV. We could watch you just dying over there. That's right. I'm patient. But, uh... You know, people call you and they have call waiting and they go ahead and put you on hold. I'm surprised you don't dump more of those people or nobody's ever... Uh... And... Well, no, you see, it's always tantalizing because you figure if they put you on hold it must be something incredibly important. Uh-huh. And you want to see, like, was it the, uh... You know, the Canadian lottery calling that they just want 50 million because if it is, then they might not be able to get it. Yeah, because if it is, then they might give you, you know, a couple of bucks. That's a good point. But, uh... So when you get your own show, think about that. That's an idea. Yeah. But, uh, when most people don't realize, if you pick up the phone and you want to call in the on the air, and you don't want to be disturbed, if you dial the stars 70... Yeah, that's no fun. We don't want them to do that. We like it to be spontaneous. We don't like to have all I've can drive crap like they do on some shows. Well, you mean, like, uh... Oh, I don't... No, like the amateur's, uh, every day on some stations. Well, the amateur's that you've been talking about, uh... Don't make it a lady Martin's name again, please. Okay. He divided you here, graveline Saturday? Just for a little bit. You're the only one in the audience who will admit it. Oh, man, it was just gruesome. I mean, just desperately try to be a comedian. He's got a sense of humor like a mortician. I mean, a man is just not funny, okay? Well, if he would just sit here and read the info and play his little, a dead or alive and just, you know, just play it straight if he gives people to do that and it would be just fine. Well, if you're going to do that with him, you can almost say the money and just have, you know, route what off and have your, uh, loyal listeners come in and do the work on Saturdays. Yeah. You can always tell when they're sniffing around to be. And remember when that used to go on? Oh, God. All those people auditioning to be the sidekick after the bird, the flu away, on Bolivable. And everyone was a bigger disaster than the next. We have two open lines in Broward, 524Wild, 5249463. You know, it's interesting. On Tuesdays, Rick and Sputternaw soliciting new callers, which is great because we do like, you know, get break people in, get them in the habit of calling hard, different to new. I'd like to solicit old callers. You know, a lot of people we haven't heard from it a long time. I don't mean Pete the board up. I am so, Pete you're a great guy, but get a light, okay? Terminal. Remember that call Friday? Well, when you go to go back to topics, can we have some time? I got a topic for you. Chronic boardops who have no life. But like a Robert, remember Robert from U of M and Alex Jr. And I don't know, they're just a whole bunch of people. Rick of course, we'll never hear from him again. And then there was Joey Jr. threatening to come in here one day. Joey Jr. and senior. We ought to take up an office pool and see what Joey shows up first. You notice by the way, the Joey senior is not showing up and will not be here today? I don't think. Hey, won't show up. You don't have the balls to show up here. Miami, hello. Hello. How you doing? Great. Are you? I'm doing great. I'm like a pretty decent Monday for one. You're not too bad, not too bad so far. You know, if the wall was picked for an out there, it probably would be better for a lot of people. Well, that's why we're getting a lot of calls today because everybody is scared, spitless, so they're all up at the cars and the garage and they're inside. They don't dare to go anywhere to the Antonio. I was sitting there and I'm with my house and I lost my job. I used to be an advertising, so I know what you mean about the sales department. And here I sit there thinking about the pig out there and my house, people are right. They're all up there. Yeah. I mean, do they need money? What did they do? They go out and they stay out behind the van. So about right? Yes, sir. You should have seen that scene on Flamingo Road this morning. One of the most embarrassed that's the second time I've seen them pull out crap. And they're like hunched over this. I don't know what a Jeep or something that's next to the van. And they got their radar guns stuck up the street and their finger stuck up their butt. And it's just pathetic. It is. And back to his real life. And I saw that they're finger stuck up each other's butt, which is kind of interesting. Yeah, you don't know. That's why they're hiding behind that van. Right. Now you're talking. That's why my favorite road. They're like a fly in that highway. Yeah. Nice and wide open. I'm telling you, I go 48-50. My never go more neck because I just know they're going to be there. Long as weather's permitting. You know, I'm just screaming with their new push with their new nose. Look at that boy. All right. I was reading the paper a day and I missed something about the, I've never heard of the potential. Are we walking? Yeah. We don't discuss that anymore. Well, I had one night. I had one night. I don't do it. Don't do it. Please. I beg you. I told him for 15 minutes. What is it? And nobody mentioned it. And it's one of the, I think it's probably one of the best. Put your job a little. What is your sir's staff whipping around? What is it? Oh, it's the Miami Magpie. You know. You know. You know. 1156 a Wiod. We have two open lines in date. Why do you spoil another wise? Not too bad call. Why did he spoil it? I warned him tonight. I said, don't do it. You'll be sorry. We'll all be sorry, including the audience. Couldn't control himself. We have two open lines in date. 751. Where's your lanes? Other nose. 751. Wiod. No, I said, nose not hose. She just held up her nylons. Boy, she looking really bizarre. Well, I mean, it's such a dramatic change. It's just so drastic. It isn't like, no seriously. It's like a different person. You could get used to it if there was just, you know, just a little subtle change. Like most nose drives. But this is like somebody took a nose off some entirely different person and slapped it on her Puss. It's incredible. But you'll get used to it because he's got a salary. You're good doing it. That's it. It's just kind of. Wouldn't that be something if they gave her a new nose and she had like this real nasal? If she sounded like Rick Riley, would that real nasal sound? Anyway, speaking of Rick Riley, the very own Rick and Spuds will be a long, decayed from 2 to 6 this afternoon. You could all be children again. Buffalo Bob Smith. Howdy, duty. Is he going to say punk your magic thing? Mobile find out. That's from 2 to 6. Joseph Gackey on Sports Talk in 605. The road to the show with Hank 8 to 11 tonight. Okay, and already we've had all kinds of predictions in the building that Rick teamed up with Sally now. He's going to be a gigantic hit. Anyway, it's 12.06 in WIOD. Here's a lady in Davy. Hello, Neil. Hi. Hi. I just don't want. I'm going to be moving to Orlando. I'm going to miss your- You're moving to Orlando with all those cracks in your ears. Oh, man. I got to get away from your sports on the road. Other than about a bunch of old spit kickers up there. Well, not around universal. It's probably work at universal. Oh, I see. We're just living and breathing people. Yeah. You know, really something new. Well, if you're going to be that far south, you can pick yourself. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, good. Because I was up there and it would be fuzzed out. I wouldn't have thought too much. Well, it gets a little scratchy, but that all depends of where you are. You can hear it. Oh, good. I was getting worried there from a place. I was going to go all the way over to Naples. Oh, okay. I have a long time listener, but I haven't never called. I don't know why, but- Well, that's great. See if you would have waited you to go on up to Orlando. We had never heard from you. Oh, really? You're not even great. Oh, well. I want to call it a safety-do-s bag. Okay. And, uh, love your show and I'll miss you. Well, good luck. All right. All right. All right. All right. Bye-bye. Markets up 11.5 points. The Dow Jones infernal average. We have an open line on the center square. It's star-ild George's plumbing at the mouth because it seems dark in there. It does seem dark in there. It's just that we're getting a lot older. Okay. Things are starting to like your real dim. It's kind of, well, maybe it's the haze in this place today. This is a real hazy day. Things are just- You can always get that feeling when you walk into back door. In fact, so far out of start giving the climactic conditions inside. Instead of outside, you think we're going to get all of business in this hour. George, can we squeeze it all in? Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Naomi. The okay. I'll let's not go to the little paper court. All of our tax dollars are going. They're hyper police. I, uh, I go through the total. I just bought a scooter. A little bit of scooter, right? A little bit of one, yeah. Yeah, let's not. So I pay my money every time go through there. And so the girl, she looks at me, she says, Hey, listen, it's so small. Go on the grant. On the sign. Yeah. So I do that for a few days. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, I do that for a few days. I think I got a new toll booth. I guess you call it a police, right? Yeah. So about two days later. I'm so small. Just go on the side. Yeah. Well, okay. So a few days later, I'm coming back. Mm-hmm. Oh, look how many people come here. H shows where you got a baht ABC goodby. The opposite is, we work in architect, Mavier T отд with soft nards. Go over there. Now that you are looking for 真的, remember what we call Scripture, or through the green studio, or through our gallery. The beautifulたい corporate, and the great deal of business, and back upstairs. go on the grass sir. Hey, I just doing what they told me. Just doing what comes naturally. Well, you know. Yeah. But anyway, I told him the story. But he goes back to the told me. He checks it out 20 minutes later. And he says, no, don't go on the grass. You know, I shouldn't be going on the grass. Okay, 10 after you know, that's all I could stand. I don't know about you, but I couldn't take another second. We have an open line of date county. I mean, if you're going to go on the grass, you're going to get busted for it. Okay, pal, quit going on the grass. 751 Wiodn D. Fort Lauderdale. I just want to listen. Yeah? Because I'm ready to go on. I can't make it. Okay. Upper line in Palm Beach at 655. And that was on a Palm Beach line. Is that give you an idea of how worthwhile that line is? That's what we get on there. We get like swell. We get the sludge of the universe on that line. 655, 9463, and somebody just expired and Broward 524 North Lauderdale. A-Neal. Yeah. How are you doing? Okay. Here from Washington on TV. I can't imagine what they're on your watch at on TV. The new match game. Oh yeah, who's on that? Well, the old Marshall Wallace, come down red and move. That awful place. Yeah, and guess who's up in that top right? Charles Nelson Rowling. For is he? Yeah. He's looks like he's about 140 years old now. Yeah, he's a bad looking old queen. And then they have a Sally Strothers. I guess she's hard up for work. Yeah. Well, I'll have to be in for money for the course. Exactly. And Fred Travalena. Another chronic game show type person because he can't get any other work. You ever watched that head of the class or whatever? Nope. There's a girl on the air. I guess she's trying to break into the old game show business. She's in the old fany flag seat. What is it called, Head for the Class? Head of the class. Oh, Head of the Class? Oh, my god. Butter. Yeah, I was driving down the How and Delph of Beach Boulevard between US 1 and A 1, A. Yeah, your music way. These old old ladies. They don't even look. When they cross the street. Almost ran into two of them. Boy. And then they had a lot of points, don't you understand? Then they have the nerve that's there and you know first screaming at me My life I just came up with a great way to decrease the to lower the immediate age in South Florida Yeah, and that is we're gonna have you know how they have these different checkpoints where the pigs pull over We're gonna have a checkpoint We're gonna set up a WIOD as a pubic service and we're gonna hand out those masks, you know Those black masks and when you're turning east off of 95 on a Helen Dale Beach Boulevard Yeah, we hand you we stop you we give you a mask and it's required that you wear it over your eyes and can you get to your Destination Yeah, you imagine about two days we can wipe out all those old fart sir. Yeah They did lower the median age to life. I think you're out in the street looking for pennies or something Yeah, that's that. But yeah, they're screaming at me and my life was green and they're you know No, don't walk shy I got off the turnpike yesterday And I just paid my 50 cents and of course there's about four lanes that merge into two or three Yeah, and some old geeky woman is she was ahead of me and There are there are three lanes there and there's no she's in a right hand lane And I'm behind her, but I'm in my vet obviously and she's going about 10 miles an hour going nowhere And so now for no reason at all She pulls over into the middle and there's traffic coming from her left and all she is is creating chaos You know what I'm saying? Yeah, so I whip around around the right because I'm not gonna go 10 miles an hour I mean she's she's just in the and she gives me a look and you know that wave of the hand like what are you doing? Yeah, I just like the bus to run a goddamn mouth. You know I mean what kind of crap is that every time somebody else down here does something wrong especially the older they are Then and you try to get around to merge survive They look at you and they give you the finger in a look and all this other I believe well, they have the right way there's yeah right exactly if you're if you're over the age of death You have the right away That was driving up a federal highway near open park and this old man in his wife You know three lanes and they stop in the left lane Near the medium. Yeah, hold up traffic in the old lady just out of the car and walks across the street What's her dinner honey something new? Must burger health a little turkey a spoiled little hand and a whole lot of bloating It's so bland it didn't this used to be in the box not anymore Really, it's so easy to prepare it's practically self serving isn't that right Jimmy It's my mom And try to put flavored must bigger health or with a taste of our great Honey after known a Wild the red dragon curse of Hannibal Lecture this Friday is it Friday? I third let's see one Yeah Friday I think it's eight o'clock about your eight or nine o'clock 1968's manhunter retitled a cretcation on the sounds of the lambs red dragon the Chris of Hannibal Lecture on NBC Friday night How the hell are they gonna show that it's such a bizarre and tasteless and crappy and the interesting and though erotic and weird Don't miss it 20 after known in Wild Boka Yeah, hurricane was on the aluminum I didn't see it but Roger was telling me this morning that David ripped him an ass and I wish I would have seen it It was you know like him on the same speed of same crap Yeah, anyway on his on the radio show that night people will call up just his bottle Oh, I learned Anyway, it's one My calls and he says yeah, yeah, Larry I met you That's 16 16 years ago when you were on here in Miami and I OD and I came You do the stand appreciation night. I don't know why I would eat those and do that anymore Anyway, so I came to studio and met you and you'll ride yours and don't follow there You saying that you I just come to the market and You don't call it with there. Yeah, is that a fact? Well, you heard that now no no no no no Hello with I OD when you first came now Talking about and members do it that that's what he said yeah And none of the do it that anyway this guy's watching match game Where will he call I would the guy watching match game? Yeah, what about him? I'm watching God for oh Frankie said I'm actually taking a bath. Oh Good don't miss it 22 after known a W I OD who wants to see some old a hairy guy take a bath anyway We have an open line in Broward 524 W I do not me not even run Jeremy especially not run Jeremy. Oh God I get goosebumps thinking about that Jimmy music they are under chronic How you doing okay listen I was looking to an interview on a radio station from Oppo Beach to an interview with Mickey Mannel yeah, he's we're selected on his recent interview on Larry King show And yeah, the guy said what kind of interview where his Larry King? They give him a set the words And none of the do it that he said absolutely the worst and Since you're a little slack on advertising today Do hear about the people that energizer getting all upset because of course is gonna do a take off on their funny rabbit thing Really, that's right very upset about what does that have to do with anything? I just thought I throw it into it. Did you're short on advertising that well Hey, I got I got I want to make you understand something when it gets to be the 29th and 30th at the end of a quarter For at the end of a month it's like it's like these days are written off and you know and the sales department They only sell like starting the first of the months. You know what I'm saying? That's not right so today into moral or maybe only today There'll be like no business all day long and then all of a sudden it'll be like we'll be doing 18 minute breaks Well, see today you can talk a little advertising decision. I have to listen to us now I thought that was terrible because the energizer ads are based on making fun of other people that and How court wants to do a little on the court? What I say sir if you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen, right? I agree with you and I just drove into home since so I've got to go nice talking with okay see you Jimmy don't call us again too soon No, I mean really you know it's one thing to make fun of other people just like I do and then if people rip me and I'd be thin skin to butter We were on to can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen exactly We have an open line in date county seven five and that's why I would say to Hank to the same thing Okay, if you can't stand the heat then cut the crap Hank had just I don't know I like Hank he's a great guy sometimes But he wants you these sports people if you look at him cross side right away They start getting emotional and hostile and hysterical and all this other crap Nobody promotes that show on his station more than I do nobody Now because I may rip it occasionally like tonight he's doing his rotisserie and fantasy league baseball crap That's his business. It's his show But at least I'm talking about it. Okay, but he gets so Danny emotional. It's like kind Like certain people in the building that you always have to kind of like to do a little dance for to make sure that you're not upset or to make keep them happy I don't want to mention Cheryl's name You know what I'm saying like always like that tentative look like Hey, and I'm gonna smile it may come on give it a rest already after the first 10 years it gets old. Yeah Bring in my my little suit my straight jacket I don't wear a straight jacket. Okay. Here's Mr. a high calonic himself We're taking cinnamon pressing the plastic tip in too far could result in irritation to the battle wall Speaking of flushing, New York. Here's Mr. Mr. Galsdon So when you're done with that reading I've got a real good book Called up tissue cleansing to bowel management. I still think my favorite line in this whole My favorite line following the treatment clean the experiment from your stone Now this isn't about me jagger is it? No, I don't think so I'm related to scribe and freeze them stick him in his your friends and the family it'll make for lots of fun Now show them to your doctor so he'll be able to agree with you to cancel the operation You want to hear something sick? Yeah, not to say I did that I froze him You put the little screen on the pot and collect them yeah, trade them with your friends or palac baseball cards Yeah, anyway I went out and read it while the work is understand that after your freezing for about a week They start glowing Well, they can do this radiating thing in the freezer you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen right in Now richest case. I don't know if he could fit him in the freezer Are you gonna start picking all that rich on how's he feeling? I don't know he's just a full of crap You know he talked to good game for a couple of days and then he makes excuses to go start eating the game But I shouldn't talk I like a pig yesterday You know you talk about me being pasty. He looks pasty No, he doesn't look pasty just looks fatty looks like he's got one foot in and the one foot out And lately looks like he's got a foot in a half and it's not a joking matter He better put the cray better speaking of pasty I rented wild or kiddie of the night have you seen that I wouldn't why is that Mickey work? Yeah, I wouldn't watch a Mickey work We'll be to pay me fifty oh my god. Well, I'll tell you why he's fighting at the World Memorial on the 23rd May He's getting back into boxing and I'm going down there. I hope to see him get his ass kicked. Oh God You must be desperate he and Leon's thanks. He is so He ugly. I mean, who cares you know People are just so desperate. I don't want to see ugly people all in a round on you know We're just before just before you film while or kiddie at a face lift Okay, and he's all you get all pop the you know how lame knows is yeah Well his cheeks are like her cheeks are like that too, but not the ones on her face necessarily They're all puffed up boy. Where did they put the nose? Same play anyway right right smack in between the cheeks I couldn't believe you had somebody from it you had a call or earlier the mag ties I know bunch of douchebag Why do you have to dignify that well that's their name? That's their team their cycling group Team name I know I don't care markets of 15. I don't hear their all I didn't hear the call. I just heard part of it I don't know what they said or what didn't say anything was an okay call until he started with his crap about he's got a name for the team Then yesterday I'm in the car and I'm listening to Joe which is I was going very slow of course And some guy crank calls and he says I got a name for the team and it was which we've heard a million times before because it's a blockbuster It has anger how about the What I can't even think of what the hell it is the a Bob busgers. You know we've we've had that how many times a million times a million times And Joe being Mr. Sense of humor No seriously. I mean these people on sports talk have no sense of humor at all Okay, and he not only does he hang up and says oh what a waste of time? You know I mean he says and he says to think that anybody would take that under consideration I mean the guys are crank okay, and he's like taking a real certainly if I mean it's just so far out Who would even take that into consideration? So in other words, as if to say it would have been is something that would have been taken into Can you get on the left that would have been a great call? I mean these sports the jocks There for his man. I have got no sense of humor at all Well, maybe you ought to give make a copy that and give it to you Well, and so so seriously just they're like they think that everything else that's going on in the world is secondary compared to the WLAF scores You know, I mean give me a break. I think maybe we should buy Joe's on Klemia board When I got I think he's frozen his somewhere For past here. All right So anyway, I hope you enjoy the reading and let me know if you're gonna do it Well, at least now you got some good reading to do while you're getting rid of the stone. Oh, let me tell you this book I've gotten my hand now Oh, wait you would love there's more material in this okay Take even rich even rich your Nixon never saw a plumber like this guy Good day good day 29 past noon a Wild here on a frantic Monday. Why? My head is just swimming from the idea of freezing your gallstones and putting them in a freezer I hope you don't have anything like wrapped up in here like old hamburger meat stuff like that Well, you know in a refrigerator. I don't know about in the freezer But in the refrigerator tastes have a tendency to mingle you know what I'm saying or romance and taste they start intermingling unless they're wrapped real tight So I don't know what the taste would be of the gallstones, but I don't think I want to find out. Here's a mobile in Hailea Hailea yes, sir Hello, yeah, hey Feel to play the talk to you finally. Yeah, I usually call going or an extra call going no sir You're not no okay. I don't know why I just thought that you kept them Talking favorite of a Chicago which most people don't but why not? I don't know I'm just like they're not getting it about New York so I thought you were now Chicago is I mean you can't even compare the two Chicago is a great it's like that being the same Chicago is a 500 on a scale of one if New York is a minus eight In all of this is this a sister station to W-I-N-D No, no, okay, because you keep on coming across with the same type of format with the W-I-N-D W-I-O-D no, no, no way probably the same crappy jingle kind of the quarter of the jingles We have nothing to do with them pretty sharp people. We do have an FM station up there. I don't know what the colors are we have some FM classic crock music station up there in Chicago Here's the years ago they had a format pretty much like years There was Larry DeLegend I don't know if you heard of them Larry DeLegend No, it's Larry DeLegend that's the call a man Larry Lou Jack Larry Lou Jack. Yes, that goes without saying but Larry DeLegend they call them who the hell is that Some kind of a southern type person that was on I-N-D and never heard of no tarp the airways pretty good But you do it all right as a probably dick beyond these illegitimate sun It's probably a Rightful the gicks for a for a sunrise. Yeah, I live in sunrise. I'm wearing The blindfolds right now. Okay, Florida. I'll keep track. How many points you get for a Breakfast nut 50,000 oh my god good luck. You're good one. See you Why is it they do okay right up till the end they start pressing you know start pressing 1231 a Wild we have an open line on the starline at star iod Yeah, hold your breath. Oh, I don't I just can't handle it. I'm just um I mean last year was one thing but this year it's just the big let down as usual the big big build up and then the gigantic awful Here's a mobile in Miami on their dime Hello, yes, yeah, this is Ted Summer. I'm Evan's father You're living Evan the guy to bring you to China. Oh, yeah listen I mean, he doesn't bring us the Chinese. We bought the Chinese. I bought the Chinese. I know you bought it I know but he was nice enough to pick it up and bring it to every point right All right, listen, I try to get three last week when you're talking about satin rich with his global out of problem Yeah, I had a very serious attack about a year and a half ago Okay, which developed into a case and you'd think reattitist because one of the stones passed through the pancreatic stuff Yeah, I need to say I was gonna lie to pain. I was in the hospital for about ten days I have a bucket that's really very innovative and he's very sure You put me on a new medication called active wall in Pat Rich has been taken Okay, my stone I had three months for stones. They have dissolved completely Wow, how long did you take it? I've taken it now probably about 16 months and No except to take about two years to work Yeah, but don't you have a problem as they shrink and start getting into the bile duct Don't have a lot of tanks. They absolutely dissolve The left pharmac removal. They don't dissolve overnight. I mean they keep getting smaller No, no, no, well actually they what I think what I don't know how they dissolve But they do dissolve and there's like granules of sand left and the sand flushes itself out and then McDonald Carrey comes to your house and says like sand through the hourglass. We build swimming pools. Yeah, but they're gone The only thing you understand of our lives. There are two types of stones. You know one of cholesterol based on calcium based The pill only worked on cholesterol based on So if you have calcium based on those maybe you have to dissolve well What a how do you know about how do you know which is well if the if the Actical plus dissolving the stones that basically cholesterol yeah, okay and in my case they were and In the standard 90% of the cases they are cholesterol based But the substance and has thick there's no pain there's no effect and the stones are gone And these home remedies that's great, but you know what the fight effects Right, okay, all right. Well, I know he's taking that so we'll So I should work if he said if he's if he's taken two a day as as the medication itself Prescribed if he's don't like me and I'm sure he is he should go up to three I was taken three a day one in the morning and two it ring when I went to bed and they really worked they worked great No side effect okay, no problem. Well, we'll see how it all comes out. Okay, so to speak. All right. Thank you. Bye 1234 Wild the doctors in hello doctor. I got such a pain doctor We have an open line in Broward 524 Wild 524 Raspberry Enema time and we'll be right back I Complain to this station on this Sunday's very special Easter episode Jinks got the flu and look who's her placing him it's John Paul the second All right, great free. Okay, okay, you got me I can bet okay you forget the white work Let's flow You know you're working out this load if you take off that hat build me it's Pope in the fat man this Sunday night at him That's the same alleged voice that's a take off on the board the love both another one I was sitting out the RDS today and of course it's the time of the year we're getting close to summer and Everything that crawls and flies including some of the neighbors is out Everything creepy nasty locusts Wasps They're taking up a petition occurs because we got too many wasps in my neighborhood not enough Jews in blacks But and so anyway, it's May is coming and may October are low fog month And I started laughing out loud because I was thinking about that kind of the love bugs The love both oh god, I mean what is wrong with the world what what what is the appeal of that Can you tell me can you answer that question why would anybody like that it just it's nauseating? It's like if you keep Turning the public off and up they'll start enjoying it. It's like administering pain And conditioning people to SNM and if you flagulate them enough, they're gonna start loving it the love Anyway, what do you do to those things well those are the most disgusting if you ever driven like up to the state mayor October when the love bugs around And to get into about a half an hour your car is just the whole Grill and the windshield and ah you might as well just take that and car throw it out forget it Even Spencer ain't gonna help help that baby Even that the boric acid that he uses on a dash North Miami Beach Men who we predict grandmother's topic interested all of us There's two men here the grandmother's We have a grandmother in the audience molested by a son The whole thing is bizarre and it's gonna spin and sell about yeah spin this Larry 1239 at Wild we have an open line in date 75 one i guarantee if he had her wall though as his guest on a show There would he would never say any of that it would be oh god that was the best grandmother routine I ever saw my life where you find it was great grandmother's how is great was great? You're a butt sucker Larry you're a phony and a butt sucking fool We have an open line in Brower did I say that at 5249463 524 W i D my any Well, yes sir, hey Neil yeah, yeah, you doing okay? Well first on call or great fantastic sir Welcome to this place. Yeah, you sound excited I want to ask you for a favor. I want to know if you'll this a um and about a half an hour Oh, not only do you want a favor, but it's got to be like time Well the thing is that the girl that I work with is not to lunch Hey, oh, yeah, she doesn't yeah, she doesn't know Why you guys make fun of me and Bishop so much really? See you on your hand ball that's what I want to hear that card. Hmm about a half an hour Do you understand what you just done what you've gone from getting everybody including me all in food because you're first time You sound like you're under the age of 500 and you've just turned it around completely You've not only made a request, but you want to hear it at an in a half hour field you work more Last time I checked oh You deal yeah, I was gonna see if you wanted to go to six flags of land with me tomorrow Six flags six bags of land is all right now Well, what do you want what do you really want? I want to hear and Bishop and after that line you want to go down to six flags of land Isn't slide on my knee meal? You're a colossal me big okay But see you 1240 a W I would do you not a first time call you're not full on us sir We have an open line in date 7 he's called from the channel 10 newsroom 751946 three that was Dwight You know this that was Dwight on a phone he let's have his mustache here right on the thing And what open line in Broward five two four here's a column because Jimmy I knew yep This is another first time caller me was no first time caller. He was a swine ball He was a gigantic rocker and raspberry enema waiting to happen waiting to explode On the air I got the open it's firing for yeah, we're saying to the great and a while a lot of people don't call this Shoser why because they're intimidated because they have no balls you have any idea how many people Listen to this show, but how many of them like that last caller are just cowardly little a whimps I'm a long time to sit here from Cassetti from all play now. Well, we don't care Okay, well, I was listening to the great FM radio that's here in central Florida. Yep Yeah, sure wasn't from down here. I know listen to 94.1 If you easy why I heard the dolphin tones a Mister Glenn don't call me the bird Bill are I watch station easy why easy listening 94.1 in Lakeland wow Unbelievable in credit. I was just editing tackle he didn't talk about PBK. He didn't talk about tennis He spun the head It was shocking yeah, I'm the label it was In shock Well, now let me tell you one other thing yeah, that's this coming up weekend the awesome braids are gonna sweep the cup Right out of full county could be That's right. You're not gonna get me excited about it one way or the other main the braids I'm a long time's raise man and they're shocking even eight you guys stop Let's face The cave gas is looks good doesn't it? Yeah, okay, see you. Thank you 1242 a WIOD we have an open line on the star line five two four nine four six three the palm each line is there You know then I'm very if you want to use it fine if not we're used to it David Hello, how y'all doing pretty good. How are you? Okay? Hey, listen I heard just heard you talking about the braids. I'm a big braid fan. Yep, and I'm just I'm just incredibly shocked about how they've been playing Well, hey listen, you know every dog has his day, but there's one thing that I have a problem with yeah, and that's Tom Robin and I want to know if you want to make a trade with Bossy Okay, I heard he just hit a home run a few days ago no chance what no current very likes laughing Very handsome young man. Oh, that's okay. Oh come on. Okay, Sean Bosky shot Bosky is God No, wait come on. Oh my god. We got a glass is the youngest best looking prospect in the major league We already got good looking guys they just can't play we don't need any more good looking guys who can't play. Okay Okay, well let me have a request then yes sir. What did me let you have a request you're like the other guy with a colostomy bag Come on a second time call it Oh, man, what do you want okay? How about the apple song no chance come on. No way That was my favorite god almighty don't you know the audience has grossed out by hearing at 50 billion time Hold on hold on second. Okay, let's go away. No go away. Okay How what do you think should we play it come on come on Geez, it's a stupid jackass on over the pig report. Hello I wanted to mention everybody that For my birthday tonight. I'm in fighting the entire set. Okay. Hello Look at that we got a I'm trying to take a little poll on the phone we got everybody playing bits on the phone there's nobody who'll speak hello Hello yeah, yeah, hi, do you want to you want to hear it? Do you want to hear it? No apple song. It's a You want to hear it Where's the lightning round Well you heard that sir. I think you're a deep spit oh What do you sound so deep pressed about You must be calling from light bulb radio that's nobody who likes this show calls to request that song Less than a positive sabotage, you know, you know, you're a And the alarm's going off and your arms are both asleep and you can't turn it off while events are where they are I'm on a little bit of time. How's that okay? The background here Okay, a little bit of the time it's all we can take 1245 in Wild let's do our last break of the are make sure we get all this business in on a heavy heavy Monday We'll be right back Folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks is an oldest established Ravoduri national brother to eat National brother to eat Lean a horn and share it far card dancing. Take two tickets Find new you'll judge the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school Oh The poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks all in my folks Hey, all your folks it's American as apple pie, but you're a national brother National brother to eat new yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's Betty Sheek Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand you can tolerate him if you Try All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews But hurry National brother National brother to eat Yes, national everyone smile at one and then they hoodweep Be nice to people who are inferior to you It's only for a week so have no fear Be grateful, light it doesn't last all year Okay, that's wrong. It's a coconut tree tie. It's 1249 in W. Y. Do the center squares open and Broward five two four W. Y. O. D. Another pig report. I know What I knew yeah, okay, I bought that pig report. Yeah, you said if the people stay on they'd be saying that it's trouble Well, my name has a travel trail and next story to me on his private property on his private parts Yeah, and he doesn't use it every year so we just left the Senate didn't we notice? The question I'm gonna take in his history. He went up to a yellow stone park and he says well, I'm gonna return a couple of years I'm just let it set there Don't you know to came in and it's probably important to say Tation on it for not having enough debate to make on a non-frappy Incredible You don't prove it you don't stay on if they had harmony got it anyway unreal. Yeah, okay. Thanks a lot now good luck to them Maybe just get out of town and might do it Okay, we have an open line in date 751 one on that center square five two four W. Y. O. D. Speak now forever hold it You notice when I was going through taking that little pole on that phone And there were I went to fork lines and three of them Had stuff that they were gonna play So I got all their tapes on cute good that'll teach you Why I'm so tired of that these people who have their little up recorders going and playing out on the phone and they're Recorder is up there button the phone is in the living room and just incredible Here's a mobile and for a lot of Dale Hello There's somebody on there you know this Up yours pal one and Broward five two four one on the starline stario D. Let's go to Carl Springs. Hello The Rogers yes, sir. It had never come down here and standing for reconcended in going vacation Yeah, you do nothing. I might as well get out of our here anyway What a why don't we want to say I said to a fact friday about the colon rectal disorders program Actual ad to pay for a son sent no I saw it you said the work real good to by from the press Pittsburgh Okay, I thought that was funny. They do that like every week for that Well, that's where his embers got his finger these days And he gonna twice to see it's been naughty and nice are you gonna you gonna cancel your remote in Chicago? What do you mean by that? Aren't you don't you have a planned remote? I listen we have done that each year for the last two years and a plan is to do it every summer But the problem is I can't get anybody over here to Get involved enough. It's already almost the first of May and we go like in July What early August and I don't know what they're all they're doing I think they got the with Zimmer they all got their finger in the same place We'll get checked to move at the Pittsburgh now. We're not we're not moving it to any worse sir We're going to Chicago all right I mean, at least you're gonna have a good Well, who the hell wants to go to Pittsburgh with it without baseball for you? It's the cup's play pit first Forget it. No way Jose They play him well we were gone for the Houston series one I have a chance to win at least one anyway one one out of many one out of several you're right Right good luck to you See what I mean about those pirates fans rub it in rub it in I hope it's I hope you get an infection in there We have two open lines and Broward five two four WIO DC Marvin wandering around the hallway What's he doing here so early huh? Plan Mr. Hotshot mr. Bigshot out there in a street corner with his yellow jumping and his hotpants Slime ball my amy See what I mean Tell me let me actually a question Do you have any idea what that is? No either decide do I need it as anybody else in the audience that's a second time because I cut them off the first time on my pole Why waste the time? I mean talk about having no life talk about a gigantic void in your life There's a classic example We have an open line of day. I've been saying this all I'm not gonna say it anymore. I can't do it I mean just pushing and pushing and pushing and pushing and pushing and pushing Monday. I'm staying home Mondays next Monday's my birthday Let's just put another big blank up there on the board like they have a Rick and Sudson next Monday and Tuesday I'm celebrating somebody's birthday next Monday and Tuesday. I'm taking a few days off for it West Palm Beach check you this serial numbers with you see what I mean Miami Neo yeah, I was as I get rid of Jones from call for Miami. I just went to you know I went to Just watch up Over the weekend and I saw dances with wolf Yeah, that movie really sucks. I know was really slow So what difference did it make where you went to see it? Well, unfortunately since I I think God I went to see that and I got the leave and go to another screen and see another move Oh, now you're not talking I mean, okay, why would you go and see a stupid movie like that? I don't know I mean, I would you want to see a bunch of Indians go into the seminal bingo or at least you might make a few bucks Thank God I got to see a couple other movies out of the free because I'm gonna waste the money good thinking Hey before I guy just went to call Paul Gerton and he's your league douchebag. Okay, sir. Thank you. See you That's call of the day 1254 a Wild one in date one in Palm Beach you know the numbers and that's I'm not gonna Is there at all that effort we got to open all I'm sick of it 15 years plus 15 years plus and Like I said this station would never have an open line of especially on the show if most of the people listen weren't said you're bunch of cowards swimey cowards Boy Just can't take a chance so what if you are humiliated and debased and degraded in front of a Thousands of people that's what it makes it exciting that's what it's all about And who knows you might get lucky and actually be articulate and have something to say and have a good call It's unlikely but you never know My any you like a good question for you, sir. How do you compare Tim Abbott to Captain Hook? Okay, let's go to a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, you doing? Yes, sir. Don't lose faith in the cops man They've been playing hey, hey, didn't get out of here there pathetic They're playing the red river hot. There's a play plan. Oh, come on. Why did they better the cardinals? The crappy cardinals are can't even hit the ball on the infield. They took two out of three in a Chicago and two out of three up there It's their prosthetic Well, that's not the that's not the a bunch of cry babies and start making excuses Let's just admit that we stink that's all we could go to Sunday when they played the par They were they had to get run by seven and they turn around and it was a whole bug Friday night That we don't want to rehash it. We blew the Dave Smith blue three games for us in four days I'm not even Harry admits it Have your mobile up there and don't lose faith in it. We are gonna have yeah, I'm not a front runner, okay? We went last year and the time we went there. There were so many games out there already like almost mathematically And we don't go for that we go to have a good time That's like the people up here and Palm Beach don't lose your faith in us either. We'll see you later. Okay, boy you got a lot of different story on that one pal You can't lose something you never had 1256 the Wild I'm really disappointed that guided and get his request Okay, just a little bits and pieces open line on the Palm Beach line tell's bro Beach Yeah, yeah Show that carton up in the basket the asshole cart rod in the bathroom here and Yeah, that's killing you know Well we're playing at three seconds at a time so you're I think we could handle it that's even worth the help play No chance Open line at Broward 524 Wild that's a guy's from Magical in the wrong St. John senior you're not fooling us You just jealous you can't play it on the air right Ron is that your problem you're not fooling anybody pal Go back to the pressbox at the JRS Here's a lady in Miami I need on hi how are you? I'm okay. I hear you don't get much women's calling Well we had a flurry of them for a while there while I cut them out and all of a sudden we get a whole bunch and then they go back to a laundry or whatever they're doing We become Intiminated by you. I don't know why I have no idea because I treat the lady callers with velvet gloves Oh, we're good because I have some new for you You probably already know it and because I missed the show this morning so don't yell at me if you already know what is it Carman coppilla did Oh, you know yeah, so what about it? Well, I know you like that was it no I don't like him at all. What do I like about carmine topple? He wrote the music I don't like him. Okay. I refraint the ever if I knew it was house for a cup of coffee no way Only if you tried music for you I like this music I don't like his neck I don't like his granddaughter's gigantic snows He's dead. Yeah, well it just made a little tiny blurb in the hell so I know you love the hell and don't miss anything in there I saw it. Okay Well, I always check the obituary to see if any of my listeners our name there's especially ones who are gonna call that day No, because in this town it does make any difference they call anyway. That's true. Yeah And by the way, I love this You love dances with wolves. Yeah, do you like about it? Kevin Cosner. Oh, God. Oh, please go get a lobotomy please Go to the optometrist he is so boring. He is so bland. He's got a personality like skim milk Terminal he's better than Johnny Dapp 1258. I can handle a lot. Okay. That's the end of that call that bitch ever calls this show again We have it over. Do you know what she said? He's better than Johnny Dapp You need a gigantic chocolate Cream whipped High calonic is what you need. I want to make sure I got all right ingredients in there Kevin Cosner terminal for Ring We have an open line in date and one in Palm Beach you know the numbers I will never give those numbers again at least not till after the news Elaine head to our steady find out with a nose for the news. She is really I'm Johnny it's just if you've gotten used to looking at her again now I never got used to looking at her before Anyway, she's got the news nimble come back for our big one to two hour Buffalo Bob Smith with Rick and says that they perfect for a suds boy he must be in his glory today because that's right up his alley He likes all those like silly people and And probably have his little clair bell noise maker Ron here making little sounds In fact, I bet you at the end of the show when you go home. There's gonna be a whole like 400 packages from the hop hop at home channel Because they're gonna think you're doing 2D every time they have another one What the hell is 2D? Can somebody tell me what that is if you ever watch that they say use 2D? What the hell is that? That was one guy for you to work on the production here at his finger over his nose every time they said that Anyway, Joe was sports talk Hank at eight to eleven tonight Music New talk radio 610 WIOD presents the Neil Roger show to get in touch and talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from day in Broward is 524 WIOD I'll be 655 WIOD and bell-stop mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD the opinions expressed by the guest host of drawers are not necessarily those of his station Now here's Neil Rogers on news. God. Gratios