If I had the ability to do, I take you out here right now. Kick your goddamn teeth in. If I had the goddamn teeth, I'd take outside. Kick my own damn ass. You come on here. And you bash me. No. And it's very obvious, you two guys are out of work. And you want the afternoon shift around here. It's the most tasteless thing I've ever heard in my life. And I'm driving to work. I have a show to do, and I'm getting ticked off at you. If I had the ability to do, I take you out here right now. Kick your goddamn teeth in. Like a ability is probably the key word. Yeah, what was in my teeth? Yeah. You're nobody until somebody love you. You're nobody until somebody can't. You might be king. You might possess the world. But go alone to buy your happiness. When you're growing old. The world's still the same. You'll never change it. As long as the stars shine above. When nobody is somebody. My business is like this. If I'm yourself somebody. Yeah. I'm just anybody. If I'm yourself somebody. Two men. Thank you. And hello, uh, total episode last night again. Little frog story. After watching a not too bad movie called Over Exposed, with some people I never heard of before. I get what about a six and a half seven. George says about a two. What the hell do you know? He's got a crappy attitude lately. We've got a straight in the mouth. He'll have a better attitude on Friday because Rick and Suds are doing their show at Atlantis and you'll have to be here all the way to six o'clock. Sitting in there just chopping it a bit to get on here. Anyway, uh, so awesome. Well, we were just pretty good. I'm going to bed up the dogs out. And they come inside. And guess what? They're foaming at the mouth. Probably ran into one of the WOD salespeople in the backyard. Could have been. Now they ran into another one of those bullfoa frogs. Now the big dog, he just rinsed his mouth out real quick. And when you weigh 94 pounds, it doesn't make too much difference. He's just fine. But my little dog who weighs eight pounds, he's like a herky and jerky and jumping around and just to go nuts. And I rinsed his mouth out and made him a little better. And they started whining and yoping. So I take him to the 24 hour vet up on university and, um, McNab. I think he'll have about 25 shots and, uh, put him all back and shave. You know the dog is sick when you take him in there and there's some old hound dogs sitting on the floor and he pays no attention to him at all. Because my little dog was nuts over any other dog. And, uh, fifth to up at about 20 minutes, good as brand new falls asleep. In fact, he gave him a little sedative to come his ass down. Falls asleep in my lap on the drive back to the house. And I take him back in. Now keep in mind, I got both of these dogs the same day. About like two and a half years ago, they're both just over two and a half years old. They were little puppies. Brought him home the same day. One way is 94 pounds, the other one weighs eight pounds. And I brought the little dog home, who was practically in a coma by that time from the sedative. And you would have thought these dogs have been separated for five years. Just clawing and scratching to get that door open so they could just to jump and chase each other all over the house. Amazing. Now the reason I bring the story up, by the way, Bufo, I think probably is short for Buffalo. That's what I've been told, which probably is true, because they're nasty, disgusting, grow test things in there all over the place. Now, not only do we have gigantic killer mosquitoes this year, but the toads and the frogs are like his biggest Massachusetts. They're enormous. They're gross. So anyway, the reason I bring it up and play the Alex Bennett thing, there is because it was just over a year ago, about a year and a quarter ago at this time. What does that mean? You're in a quarter ago at this time. That Alex Bennett came to town, came in and his meata, watching television. And he was the wimpiest on the guy ever in my life. He just had that, you know, I don't know. And he had pendulette on with him, his good buddy from Penn and Teller. That first day that he's on the air. And of course that happened to be the day I came in and told the story about my dog who was much sick or last year. I mean, nearly died from the poison. And I talked about it and then we had all these antists calling it about it having an nervous breakdown. And he did four hours ripping me because I was supposed to be this big hot shot Miami radio superstar and they came in a town listening, waiting to hear this a really exciting hot funny show. And all I heard was this jackass talking about his dog almost died. So needless to say, Alex and I got off at Booye, you've lost just incredible amounts of weight. If you would cut off that schmutzie here, now that you grew here in a front, seriously, he'd look almost human, Mitch Lewis is just, I can't, I want to see you lose now. Thirty-some, 35 pounds. What an ass, I can't stand that. Can't handle these people are just like in melts off their body. And you did an untruth system too, didn't you? Boy, that's amazing. But anyway, what that was I just talking about before I get distracted about that. I know, I listen, I appreciate the help, but I general, I have like a general idea. It's Tuesday and I know what building I'm. Other than that, forget it. And he got all bent out of shape over the fact I was talking about the dog nearly dying. Well, to me, I mean it was a big deal. OK, to a lot of other people out there, hit similar experience, and then, of course, when you sampled his show for the following weeks, hearing about letterbox format on video discs. I mean, if you go on and buy a disc player, I'm going to tell you right now, it's biggest waste to money you've ever invested in your life. You might as well go to the track and bet it all on the longest shot on the board to win. As opposed to buying a video disc player, they're just a waste of time. I mean, the resolution just isn't that much greater than, for example, a super VHS VAs of VCR, not a big deal. And if you want to watch a movie that looks like it's been squashed, like it's been stepped on by fat rich on both ends and all squashed down in the middle, be my guest. So quite frankly, I think it's more entertaining to talk about the bullfolk toads for four hours every day than listen to the crap he had a pedal. If I had the ability to do, I take you out here right now. I'm kick your goddamn teeth. Although I will say this is I look back and retrospect I do miss those melodious tones. Hey, what was in my teeth? Any luck? You're not money, just somebody loves me. Any luck? Okay. Anyway, it's 11. I have to attend. Also, yesterday, quarter to six, I received a frantic call, while nearly frantic from my mother, who says, now she's having a nervous breakdown because her cable, she just, I don't know how took her to the court to just succeeded in discovering her cables all screwed up, because she lives in Hollywood where they're unfortunate enough to have store her cable, which we discussed on nauseam yesterday. And she's having a fit because she's trying to find her Aldo. Well, keep in mind, this is a quarter to six, which means for 45 minutes she's been flipping all around those channels. All I can find is the news. I can't find her Aldo. What am I gonna do? I mean, she was just apoplectic. So I said, Callos asks holes up tomorrow, and it's first she wanted to go down there. And I heard someone call Rick and Suds. I was on my way home yesterday. And to say that she went down there with a box, because she thought her box was all screwed up, and it was standing on line like it was the early bird on special sale at the Raskelhouse. They were lined up for like a thousand blocks. So I said, forget about going down there. Call them up and demand that they send you out another schedule in the mail. I could have told her to turn on channel line or write down the list, but they would have been too easy. So needless to say, if mommy is all hysterical about store cable, there are lots and lots of people out there who are suffering from serious consternation and or constipation today all over this town, because of those slime balls at store cable. You know, Jim Bozo, and that is his name. He's the head of the Hatcho. You stay up a month or a year, you're going to do all those topical boring shows. And every now and then we do a show on cable TV and have the different haunchos on from cable systems. And his name is Jim Bozo. That's his real name. Is the head guy at store? Yes, sir. Yes. I couldn't warn her. I wanted to talk to you about top and figures. About words and boats that you talked about earlier. About what? figures, cars and boats. Now we're talking about bridges over the causeway, not the ones in your mouth. I don't have any of my friends. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I'm down to the court. I can deeply have that. But you're regulated by the United Corps of Engineers. You've got to give. No. Well, it is all bridges over Navidbo Waterway. See if I knew that I wouldn't have been asking, sir. But that? I said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place. Okay. Well, I'm saying sir, here's that P9 estate Corps of Engineers. Are the ones that regulate bridges over Navidbo Waterway? Over one? Navidbo Waterway. Yes, sir. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be over. It should not be open to the marine traffic. Yes. And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir? I'm calling you the day. Come up with the times. Well, what is the time? I believe it's at wish hour times, sir. That they are not open to marine traffic. Other than that, they are open to marine traffic. So in other words, any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for two months. Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crafters there? That is not a communist bunch of flaps. Sounds like some kind of reendeth all thanks to Tommy Pickle, but I've got to be able to run through. Right. Exactly. What a boat is going to stop the 5,000 cars? Got it? No, I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one Jack Asin is boat. I think that's what they ought to do. Thank you, but I know your law is Mr. because you should go. That's right. I suppose you want to be a bigger close to Bootser than the heart can do. I want the bridges closed period. I want them closed. I want the bridge headed to Gohaman Watchers, MTV and get the hell out of our lives. I want those bridges closed. Let them use the Julia Tuttle, okay? You know, let them use the McCarticle Cosmise. I think they all are going to George Washington, Bridging Jump, all of Bridgetenders. How do you like that, sir? Well, I don't know about you, but you shall like some stupid idiotic champion. Jump, stupid idiotic champion. Ten 16 at WOD, we have a major celebrity on the Afon House, so we don't mess around with any time wasting bits and stuff. We get right to it, ladies and gentlemen. A legend in the broadcasting industry, a legend in the Hawaiian shirt wearing contests from Costa Coast. Hello. Who is this? Neil, how are you today? Oh, this is, I said the Georgia says this sunny Fox, and he says yes. I thought it was sunny Fox. I put you on. Neil, I know. Oh, geez. Put on it here. You're a slime ball. You're a market. Neil, you got me very confused. I thought it was my socks. I thought it was somebody important. You got me, no, I got a prop, but you got a shine artist. You got more excuses than Carter's got leave of films. But you're the guy that's confusing the whole deal. You got more excuses that our sales departments got hammered. Let's not talk about your sales. That's not. You know, they're not my favorite. Yeah, really. Well, that's something in common anyway. They're the best, okay. They kick ass. They each others. I know you've told me that you're diabetic. Yeah. Can you not eat the fresh fruit that I send you? That's correct. Well, then I won't send it. Right. Hey, listen, I never stopped it before. Let me just say something to you, okay? Sure. Do you know what I like the best? Forget about, when I said about the tea fact you're died, which is a very, I like that a lot. That didn't mean you should stop sending the great stuff you were sending before. There's not enough fat in all of that put together to allow to a peole in the snow as somebody I know would say. Great. So don't worry. You know, I mean, when you went from one extreme to the other, and all of a sudden started with a slice of onion and two carrot sticks, that wasn't exactly my idea of a gourmet salad. Well, what happened yesterday? What's your excuse for today? I have no excuse, but you know, you have so many people sending you so many great salads and food. I thought that one day that I didn't send it, you wouldn't miss it. Oh, man. You know something, I don't think it was a bouffle, totaled all in my backyard. I think Sunny was in the early last night. The dogs both were foaming at the mouth because you made me foaming at the mouth. I'll tell you that. Let me tell you. One day you tell me that you enjoyed those raspberries and fresh blueberries. I do, but I'm not supposed to eat them. I enjoy having like a hot-fud Sunday on caramel crisp ice cream too, but they don't mean I can eat it. Well, that's why I'm confused. I don't know what to send you anymore. Oh, man. This man is so full of crap. Did you have any complaints? All those other days where they're any complaints? How many times you brag about that anti-pastory, I send you? And then I found out that you said, don't send any more than that. I don't want it. Who the hell said that? You did on the air. You're full of crap. Here now. I'm telling you, I heard you say that. The same as the plantains and the same as the other day. I sent you those beautiful berries and I heard you say, who wants my fruit? Exactly. Well, now, Neil. Well, I wasn't talking about the berries. Oh, excuse me. Son of yourself, full of crap. No. Why do you lower yourself? Do you mean yourself to this level where you like gravel on the air? Why don't you just send, I mean, if you're going to send, which I am an additional which I'll pay for it. I have no problem. I'm not looking for a freebie. I sent me on a paper. Give me, I'll give you credit. Yeah, right. Listen, as my pleasure to send you our fresh salad. You're full of crap, son. And if you want me to feed all your crap, I don't want you to be. Listen to me, please. Yes. Do you want to salad George? George would like what? George deserves one. He's underpaid. He's a great guy. No. Listen to me. Stop trying to be a big shot to make up for yesterday being an asshole. Okay. Listen to me. If I had the ability to do, I take you out here right now. Take your goddamn teeth. One for me and one for George. Period. The rest of these people, like I said before, what really bugs me, like if I get something in here that somebody sends me, there are certain people in this building who automatically assume that it's my obligation to feed them. Well, what, when is their show come on? You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. So the hell with them? I'm not going to play this game. And then if you bring in three or four, then there's like, 20 other people, where is ours? Screw them. Let them go out and buy a launch. Okay. I'm not going to buy a monitor. And do not do any work in this place. Great respect. All your colleagues and contemporaries there. If I want to feed the world, I can, you know, bring them all in here. There's a thousand out there. Do you want to get free salads? I'll go out to Camilla's house and help those people down there. They need to a lot more than a couple out here to go out. Or I do for that matter. I do send them a lot of herbs. Thoughts start sucking around up. But I'm going to send you and George, a fresh salad. Oh, man. See, I told you. Do you hear that? That's right. But I don't know what is right and what is wrong. That's obvious. So that's right. First of all, have it at white hair like that is wrong. I'll tell you that. And I'll put the fucking head. Right. I'm telling you, I love listening to me. Yes, sir. You come on here. And you bash me. Something to say to you in closing, sonny. Yes. See you. See you. Come on in one after ten. I thought it was nice socks. So I immediately rushed right to the call. And I had a carton here that was left in my box that I wanted to hear what it said. Hey, Neil. I'm the guy you love the rip on. He's not scotting back. Oh, geez. What a twirp. What a real twirp. I am so sick and tired of hearing about Miami's own Miami. What does that mean? Who cares? He's a twirp little bordeaux. Who sits in there and picks his nose and comes in here and screws up all the cards. When gravelines, kids and his friends aren't in here doing our uncertainty morning. And yes, the word is out all over the building. The guy comes in here to do a four hour show or four and a half whatever it is. Saturday morning once a week. I'm going to go to the house. Why is it necessary? This isn't this isn't the circus. It's not a playground. It's a place of work. It's a radio station. Why is it necessary for me to bring his kids and his ex wife and his girlfriend and boy friend and 20 people in here playing with the cards like it's a playground. This ain't a playground. It's a place of business, graveline. You jackass. Now what does that call from Hollywood all about? Hello. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, you were last on the line. But I was just to peaked my curiosity when I saw the topic. You were talking to Sony, right? Yeah. I thought I was going to be Zyvaks, but it was old white hair at sunny. Is that the sunny that we see on TV? Yeah. Ah, sunny. You've heard of the green grocer. That's Joe Cartione. This is sunny. The white hair grows. No Joe died, right? So Sony's left. But Brown Joe died? Joe Cartione didn't even need to. Joe Cartione died? It's so thick. No. He didn't die. Come on. Did he? Too many of those poison berries, I think. But what I want to know is what I want to know is what I want to know is what I want to know. Why you lambasted all sunny? What are you talking about? I don't know. I just sound like you were doing the good morning. Given him the raspberries, that's because he deserves it, because he's a free loading of fool. Oh. Well, that's what I always wanted to know. You know, it's a chance for this to be in your ass, somebody. The radio show, Sir, it's part of the radio show. He enjoys it. He loves the publicity. He doesn't want to be a good man. He loves it because he's an egotistical egotistical egotistical egotistical adushback. He loves it. He loves it. It's just a radio show. You'll take everything so seriously. I can't take it seriously. You get in. Get the early shot here on the radio. Yeah. I'll tell you one thing. These people, this must be like Monday, because for Monday yesterday, we had a sensational Monday. The phones were jammed for four hours. Today, they're jammed in and they're all dropping off and they're like the usually do one Monday. One minute, I looked down. Every line is lit. Then all of a sudden, happened and dropped off. Then I looked down and all of it again. And they're like, uh, ants in their pants Tuesday, I guess. Or maybe they're killing toads in the backyard. Or maybe they're the mention of Alex Bennett's name, chased a couple of them away. That's possible. I don't know. Well, let me close. Have you been there, uh, have you been to call the Larry? I haven't been to call the Larry yet this meeting now. But they really did a good job. And that second floor up there, boy. Yeah. Make it a pleasure to lose your money. Oh, really? Well, that's what I hear. I hear it looks sensational. Here, really good. Oh, here's the body of my solo flex spot. Gotta go, sir. Okay. So, do you have that promo? The traffic one? See why? The brand-newer King. Skywatch's sixth and traffic with replay coverage. Okay. I can't hear the word. That's it. When I had that. Pap, Pap, Pap, Pap. Oh, God, those are nauseating. I do notice that that 400 second promo disappeared for how you dial star 70 before you call so you don't get the call waiting. That in Cip and piece of crap, that went on for like five and a half minutes. And I'm going to tell you another thing, since I'm out of roll this week. Yesterday in the beginning of the show, WIOD's day. Get him off. Yesterday at the beginning of their show, I hear Rick and suds lamenting the fact that was he hanging around was he looking in here? Because they said he was in there. Was jumping all over the rest about how they have to say six ten WIOD news talk. Whatever the hell it is. Like 80 million times an hour. When I first came here, Bill Wise tried to give me the same crap and wrote a stupid memo about that, which I read on the air and just ripped into pieces. You see, this business of promoting inside. Everybody who's listing right now knows they're listening to WIOD. Okay, they know the dials on six ten. They know it's WIOD. They know I'm near Rogers. They know it's Georgia near it's Rick and suds is reneary. They know that. A recycling the same audience over and over again doesn't get the job done. See, so it's instead of going out there and promoting the people we got on the air and what we really do here. Instead, they put up those stupid news, whether in traffic billboards, no promotion whatsoever and then they put the monkey in our back. That's your GTR monkey. They stick it on our back. Okay, so your fault. You guys are not a station idea. They don't know what station it is. Yeah, they know what station it is. Bill Coston just came and he said, Joe Cartione be dead. So he thinks he's pretty sure. Not positive. So dead or alive. There's a good one for you Chuck when you come back on Saturday morning. Chuck by the way, not too happy the pirates didn't win yesterday. Play, but he was walking around with a real surley look on his face this morning. So it has to be either because I parked in the new space again. That's my space out there by the way. I'm only here for an half hours a day. So now it's my space. I have appropriated it. Whether they like it or not. In addition to what they shouldn't be in here anyway, they should be out getting news, right? Miami. Hello. Boy, these calls are choking me up into that or these cheap cigars. Miami's gone. Okay, you're lost, not hours. What open line did? 7.5.1. Wiod, D.1. And Broward, 5.2.4. Point and beach on the Sterling. Whoops. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Uh, touch us. Lee? Is this a JNO? No. Long number. Uh, I guess I didn't win the Saddam Hussein toilet paper. Is that what they're doing? Uh, I heard during the war. They were doing some stupidity. Well, that's pretty exciting. You know, that's the major market ready up there. Chano, that's a big time. Yeah, I got to pick him a long time ago. Yeah. Anyway, please play. Please play the. Yeah. Please. Oh, chance. You know, you got to have a seat. You haven't even said hello. Well, start it out. Try to be funny with some crap about what he's Fowler and his, uh, look a like toilet paper, which quite frankly, he can wipe his own. And, uh, you haven't even been like, made an attempt to say anything. You're right to the, which is good. That's good. You're not sucking around. Yeah. No, what do you want? What do you want? Those, uh, pick those, uh, promos for the news. Yeah. Which sound like, you know, music they played during, uh, 72 golf. Yeah. Yeah. Um, those things written said did up. That's their stuff. I don't play their stuff. You don't call them and ask them for it. I want you to do it anyway. I'm not going to do it because I don't think, you mean, the one about Henry, I don't think they're funny. I don't like those at all. I don't, well, I don't. I don't like him if I like to my steel. But I'm certainly not going to steal material. I don't like. I think they're mediocre at best. You know what's the real shame you guys, I imagine you got a, it's bad radio to rip your own, uh, spots on the station. To rip what? Rip your own spots. Rip our own spots. Yeah, the commercial. No, we don't rip our commercials, believe me. I'm telling you that you could do 50 hours a day on that. Well, that's great, but we don't. I know. But I've been good. While we're here, we're horses. We're here to make a living. And, however, we can do it. That's what we're going to do. I know. Great life. Wow, 1053. This cigar is just killing me over here. Wow. Look at that. I might've been from a Bufotot or something. Two open lines and Broward, five two four W-I-O-D, five two four nine four six three Palm Beach. Hey, Neil. Yeah. It's a caretaker. Did you get my, uh, I sent you something in the mail. What are you screaming for? I'm sorry sir, what? I sent you a thing in the mail. Yeah, was that there on it? On the Chicago Cubs versus New York. Did you get it? No. Ah, wow. Chicago Cubs versus New York. Well, in other words, there was a, it's by this guy, uh, this, uh, this guy, this dude. There's a smoke. Yeah. Mike, uh, Rizzo or Mike something. Hmm. Somebody sent him a letter. Frank Rizzo? No. He's a reporter, but anyway, it's something to do with, um, which reminds me when we're having the baptism seen in the church and Godfather one. Yeah. And the priest is, uh, dunking that's what's not listening to me. And he says to Michael Corleone, he calls him, Michael Rizzo. Doesn't he? Does anybody call him? Yeah, that's what he says. Now, what does that mean? I don't know how to say it. That's a little some listen. Don't you, when George is giving me a perplex look, don't you remember the baptism seen in Godfather one and he's got the little ladle that he's dropping doing this our caretaker. Yeah. And he says, Mike, do you, uh, this and you that. Yeah. I do this. And he says, Michael, did see, well, what is that? His name was Michael Corleone. What's Rizzo? You know what, you know what, you know, what, you know, what, you know what George's name is in Spanish. Oh, hey. Yeah. No kidding. Yeah. Well, that's really educational. Thank you very much. Okay. Listen, this article, you got to read it because it's, uh, it's, there's it possible to have so many people walk around and understand it with mail. They must send sent sent you things from worldwide. No, they don't. No, I'm not indated with anything. Well, a little something. Except crap. Exactly. Um, I had another thing. Like really recently. Listen, Neil. Yeah. One thing, man. I want to listen. I want to invite you. Guess what I'm doing. I'm house city on the three million dollar state. They went to me. What is that? What? What was that in the background? I don't know. Anyway, I'm going to invite you up just to, okay, to stay with me in my estate. I don't want to stay with you. And you're a state or anybody else. Listen, you're loving the son of you. No, I won't love it. Yes, you will. No. You can bring the dog. I don't want to bring the dog. All right. We've got enough problem in my heart. Sir have a great life. Listen, no, no, no, no. Call him. Listen, what? Neil, one more thing. I want to please. You remember I called last week in a month? Yeah, I sure do. And boy, it's really just driving me nuts. It's, it's, that, you're my, say goodbye, sir. No, one second. I'm going to call. 10. 55 couldn't handle another second. I just couldn't take it. 10. 55. But W. I. O. D. On a great Tuesday. It's a hell of a day, man. It's fantastic. You know, Maria, general this morning on those Cudins where they do the local, um, thank you. Adam, you're a great American. Okay. We'll see you a little later. What was she saying? Uh, George, just relax. George is getting jealous. Uh, what was it? Maria, general. She does those Cudins with the temperatures in the morning on the CBS morning news. Which I don't care what anybody says. I do like that show all of the, it's a very tacky and a horrible renders interview with that poor little 14 year old kid who's got AIDS over in Cersota. He's marrying a 16 year old girlfriend and they had the mother and the other mother and the one way to 600 pounds on the sofa. I mean, why don't they just get up off the couch and say, mind your own business and go to hell and walk off the set. You know, I mean, kid lost with that stuff. But she says this morning. She says it's going to be hotter than Hades. She's predicting like 91 to 94 for today. And I'm telling you, Maria, one of these days soon is going to say it's going to be hotter than hell. Come on, Maria, you can do it. And a whole audience out there is just going to get up and do it like a Bronx chair. They're all going to, you're something like that in the background or one of the other. Here's a lady in South Miami. Hi, you know that's your radio station. It does what? Your radio station has used the calls to you. Yeah. What happened over there? Oh, they disappeared. No, he's not doing anything. No, Jerry's not there. Jerry went to that big light bulb in the sky. He's on WFT. You couldn't hear it there for a million dollars. WFL. WFL. We found the losers and believe me in his case. They were sure right about that. Oh, my God, I'm telling you, you know, since things just don't what they used to be. Oh, it's those good old days. It's just going to hell on a hand casket. I'll try to be your station. There you go. WQAM. Right. It's like a gigantic radio cesspool. It's horrendous. I mean, you have nobody to listen to or anything. Yeah, well, thank God for us, right? Absolutely. I'm going to become a sports fan. Good for you. I'm telling you, okay. It's a best way for us. Thank you, Neil. Okay, you hang out. It's going to get a lot worse. More fun in your morning. Don't wait there for me to speak all. The new Q&A5. Good morning. It's the big button show. Go, we down. And a big, how do you do to you? Yeah, good morning, ladies. Gentlemen, nice to have you with us. Welcome to a Wednesday, the seventh day of October. This is your friend and his dick with you. We do know in Santa Claus. Good morning, Uncle. Sorry. Did you? Did you? Did you? I was like, I'm just a gutter girl. All right. It's good to begin with a laugh. I always say the gutter is like, but it'll love before. Okay. It's 11-06. The reason I was getting into that cut is that somewhere on there is the thing with the green grocer and an honor of Joe Cartione being dead. Even though it's, you know, a couple of years, he probably even mildly warm anymore, but we'll probably play that. Six minutes after, level one, I think, sunny, profusely. Well, sunny junior actually came over and he says if my dead gives any more flack, just tell me, I'll beat the cramp out of him. And I think you're couldn't hurt at this point. Now, let me just, oh, here it's even got your name on a George. Ooh, look at that. Boy, that's a nice looking salad for George there. And there's a beautiful banana that the Laura might want. Oh, I thought you were coming in here to take that to George. I understand why you just sat your ass down on a chair. And here, look at this. What is this? No fat, no sugar. What is that? Looks a papaya. That's good. That's perfect for you. Papaya's got a brand new bang. And here's mine. Okay, everybody's got theirs. And that's it. Anybody else in the building who didn't get theirs too bad, because we don't share. All right. It's 1107 at WIOD. We got Frankenstein online here. Yes, sir. Oh, are you? Okay. Went to the couple of things. A couple of more horses. All right, that's good. Yep. And you might have to dump it if I told you. No, no, no, don't start with that. I already had to dump your friend the other day. Don't start with this. You might have to dump it crap. Clean up your ass. No, no, I'm just kidding. You know, I didn't like it. Clean up your actor. We're going to put you on a laboratory table again. Okay. And you like Gilbert. I really didn't. I didn't think it was that great. You know, okay. The final casting is cool. The final casting is great. Yes. And the other is. Hey, listen, this crowd don't give a crap about anything. Okay. We're going to get a weekend. They're still calling up the other. Sports talk asking, how come the hurricane's, you know, didn't win the national championship last year. 1993, right? Yeah. Fantastic. Nationally, comes to come to come down. Yes, sir. Right. It'll be tremendous. And I heard that darling, they might get darling because he's going to be there certain players are like, we don't want any picture named darling. Okay, sir. It'll be like a mini New York match. No, that's all. No, no, no. How about Zimmer? He has him far. How about Don Zimmer? Holy cow. Wouldn't that be great? How about Harry Carrot? And he will just kind of pick the cubs one by one. We'll have a lot of the cubs here. Well, I'm Mark Grace and Sandberg and Dunstons on happy. We're going to like, you know, we'll have all the cubs. Mike Barlecky? Greg Manics? No, I wrote it as a match. Hector Villain O'Wavea? I've got a little mini fire report. Kind of funny. I've got a, uh, somebody called me to JNL S hour, but that's what it's about. I was listening to your buddy Lee yesterday. I guess. Cool. And, uh, well, we found it. Just for a couple of it. And he, uh, he had a promo on. And he said, uh, two and a half hours of non-typical talk. You seem to enjoy it today. And then he played you that bubble sound. You have that. I can't really make the noise like those bubbles going. Yeah, you know, I don't know. You have an on-corp, but it's like, it sounds like bubbles popping. Are you quite an exact same thing you did? Oh, yeah. I probably probably recorded it right off this show. Huh? You probably recorded it right off this show. I can't believe the guy has no control. That's it. I'm dying out there. Yeah. That's it. That's a Sally Fitzcard. Do you have any audience who are his ratings like this? I have no idea. You know, what do you worry about that station and that market? It's not worth worrying about it. It's like asking me about how the station and Bill Glade is doing. It's just it's meaningless. Well, I still have one response. I want to get home. I turn on Jack Cole. And, uh, oh, God. I know. I need to help. You are sick. But. I have a dean on weekends. He's great. No. He's still alive. Yeah, he's on fun. Well, that's good. I like him. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. Yeah, he's all right. He says he's the founder of talk radio. Yeah. Just like George Washington was the founder of our country. But he's been dead a long time. Same with the dean. I'll listen, Frank. You've been kind of terminal to day. Have a great time. I always have them. Take care of them. See you. Wow. 10 after 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward. Somebody just dropped off at 524 in the center square. And Palm Beach at 655 WIOD. How's your salad, George? Kind of marginal on mine today. Don't get that nice big slice of idealion that we were talking about. Got all these shrumes in here, though today. Capriita would go nuts if it could see this. And some nice plantains, a little something selling. It's okay. I give it about a five. Usually it's about an 11. So I guess he's trying to get even with me. Okay. Well, all I want to say to you, son, he just looked what happened to Joe Cartione. And that rich is still eating. Denka are strange around the shore. Fastables become so popular. We're going to add something special today. And what is that, Casey? A celebrity stranger on the shore. Yeah. And here's our celebrity. Joe Cartione. Well, this is a real treat. Good money. Good good. Good morning, everybody. It's so nice to be here in Paiser. George, suppose I should introduce you. This is the bag man that's Carlene Doc is over in the corner. You know, Doc Donald certainly absolutely no peto. You know, does that please? You know, don't put your peto. Don't have to contain absolutely no petos. Uh-huh. Good. And this is ankles over here. Yeah, as it going. Well, you know, ankles, beer is a valuable source of fat cut. Here too, can. Yeah, Joe, can we get to your version of Stranger in the shore? And out here is my special guest, Joe Cartione, doing his version of Stranger on the shore. All I do here. Thank you, Casey. There's a salary on the shore. And it's a lovely stock. How did you get here, Lowe, Celery? If only you could talk. What else do I see upon the shore that may give me a clue? I see a few potatoes. So tasty and Irish stew. Someone was on the beach. I think they have a picnic. And not their picnic basket over. Who wouldn't they try to have a quickie? Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. I see fetch tables everywhere. Scattered about the sand. But I could see this every day. I'd open a produce stand. I see another Stranger there. She's wearing a bouquinine. A keen bouquinine? But keen. But keen. Yeah. It's yours, Mimis. I wonder if you dropped your zucchini. And now I see a boyfriend running toward me at a frantic pace. I think he's going to kick some sand right in my face. Don't attack me, sir. I'll tell police. And you'll be a felon. And by the way, ask your goilers to also drop to Miller. Perhaps me now. And I finally know how a fetch table really feels. Because this going buried my face down in the sand, up to my heel. Yeah. Thank you, Joe Cartier, Jr. No, I'll predict this at Joe Cartier, only Jr. Your green Rosa reminding you, never just you would your finger on the beach. Someone will mistake it for a gross point at the shore. And that rich is still eating. 11 17 at WIO. Look at guys, guys. His own little mini salad in there. He comes. There's anybody in the world eating. He has to sit down and to be sociable and eat with them. So if there's anybody out there planning on eating lunch, just wait a few minutes. He'll be right over. Oh, look at that. You got your beautiful papaya with a self propelling knife in it. It's 11 17 at WIO, D Miami. Hi. Why? Okay. You know what papaya is in Spanish? I don't want to hear it. You got to be careful. Okay. You've been to Louisiana. No. You got to go see back drafts pretty good. Why? Because it's in Chicago. It takes place all in Chicago when they act great scenes in Chicago. And born by the way that girl I called it. That if she wanted to take her, her boss, some way said to where's the action. You're been to Russ Street. Yeah. Pretty boring, huh? No. It's caught? No. Why'd you say that? Did you heard these other calls? Yeah, they're there. I think by comparison, you're like about a 32 on a scale of six. They're all done by comparison because everything is relative. No, really go see back drafts. But to really get moved, yeah. I think it's going to be now in eight for a couple of awards. Did you see body chemistry? No. Did you see overexposed? No. Okay. I think we're going to see the other. I want you stupid movies on a cable and then I figure somebody out there will have something to say. Body chemistry wasn't too bad, but the ending was horrendous. To me, the worst part that people have is ending movies, right? They just don't know how to end the movie. They'd like to write this script. They do it. They put it together and then they come to end it. They don't know how to end the movie. Exactly. Back drafts had terrible. And he still can move you. Yeah. He dies. One of the main come. I'm not going to say who? Who's that Joe Cartione? No. You don't want to eat? Probably too many papayas. No, he ate something that was this guy. What's his name? Don't do a least cook. They were buddies, you know that, right? No. He's hanging out. Who's buddies? Don't do a least. With who? With the green grocery. Would Joe Cartione? Yeah. You know that? Yeah. You know that we've had so little cooking thing, right? Yeah. Yeah. There were buddies. Okay. Well, he don't look like he's been eating too many vegetables to me. I'll tell you that. Don't by the way. The cup suck. Okay. Great. You know what you were doing? Great. See him. 19 after 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in date. Oh, man. It's either the call or the salad that gave me the indigestion. 751 WIOD. Okay. I don't, you know, the shredded carrots. I like some of that corn and it's a little starchy. Or a little tiny bit of that. Well, I'm not going to, I'm not going to start getting picky. Then he'll call again tomorrow. Don't ever put him on the arrogant, by the way, George. If it says sunny on there, a better sunny fox, not him. Paparo. Good morning. Yes, sir. Doing the. I'm doing fabulous. I'm a second time calling long time. I'm not going to suck a run and tell you how to do it. Don't. I don't want to ask you something. You just mentioned his name. I'm going to ask you something. You just mentioned his name too. Do you know Sunny Fox? Yeah. Well, I mean, well enough to call him and ask him to take down them, damn, tutored yellow billboards that are on every damn corner down here. And no further sucking. What the hell is he got to do with that? At least he's listen. At least that sir. Go ahead. At least why 100 or whatever the hell station he's on. Magic go 102.8 and a half. Whatever it is. At least they've got the enthusiasm about him that they put his name on a billboard. They don't just put up their magic gold and oldies. They put his name on the billboard like they're proud that he's there. I had I just had to get that off my back or sunny foxes in the case may be. Yeah. Anyway, I'm closing to my ex douchebag friends who didn't count to my sons. When you birthday party appears, you know who you are. Okay. Good job sir. I don't blame him. Here's Andrew Dice Clay for Dicerone. All right. Let's say you eat. You're sick and you're tired of impotators and that stole top. Do like me honey. Eat this. Dicerone. Come on. It's almost as simple as you. Put up in bag enough. In part and you turn on the. Install. You think you can manage that honey. Hey, put up thing up. And things done. So remember. Yankee doodle came the town right on our pony. Stock up feather up is a. Say call it dice our own. Oh. Okay. 1126 at W.I.O.D. And let's take a call. Oh, we got to call from second on Michigan. That's been sitting there for a long time. For hours. Well, prices right. The prices right. Yeah. Right. You've been a second right there. No. No sir. But you lived up here. In Saginaw? No. But in Michigan. Would you live in Michigan? Everywhere except Saginaw. Oh man. What the hell would I go to Saginaw for what a horrible place? Here's an horrible. Oh, God. Grusom. Almost as. Almost as bad as Flint. Mama went to Bay City there. And now the Detroit. They got catch a pair of games tonight. Mm-hmm. Pretty plain the cups. Does anybody understand what this caller is talking about? Maybe I'll go to Detroit, catch a pirate's game. Who are they playing the cups? What does that mean? Who is who playing? I was going about sagin' our downs. Who is who is who playing? Detroit. How the hell do I know? How would they be playing the pirates or in the cubs? They're out in the same league, idiot. It's right. No. Come in. You are. You're a jerk. Come on. Wham? Don't say that. What do you want sir? Staten, the major's best friend. Tell him last night. What do you want? Just call to say hello. Okay. Hello. 27 after 11. I don't think just because some of these people are calling from out of town. They're going to be any better than the misfits we have in town. I mean, that guy was put that I wouldn't wish him on the dean. We have an open line in date. 751, one in Palm Beach at 655 and the Sterline. If you have bell-soft mobility, speak now for ever-hold somebody else's star, IOD. Miami. And my apologies for taking that Saginaw call. That was the worst call in the history of talk radio. Definitely. I've got some news about the green groser. Yeah. After the unfortunate demise of Joe Kerchowni. I'm dying out of the air. Yeah. His son has taken over the mantle. And now broadcasting on KCBS in San Francisco. Joe Jr. Yeah. And also does a television spot on KTBU. Well, that's great. It's good to see that we keep those fruits and vegetables in the same family. Definitely. This one is safe with the news about the baseball team coming here. I don't know if the people in Florida know how fortunate they are that they're getting a nationally team as opposed to the American win. That's correct. So we've got it in America lately too when always be like getting the minor league Marlins. Yeah. Triple way. Right. Like getting Iowa. Well, I called you a couple of weeks ago. And I'm the San Francisco Giant fan, the recently transplanted Bay Area person. The giants are making their comeback. I mean, you know, hopes brings us all right. Right. And I'm making my trip next week that I told you about to go see the giants and the athletes. Really forward to that. And took your advice and let the social get the tickets and everything is all arranged. Yeah. No problem. That's a way to do it. Okay. So I just want to say you've got a great show and one of what you know about the green grocer, you know, the senior goes up to heaven and you know, the sun takes over. Okay. Well, listen. Don't feel too bad about those three losses. Next week. Have a great time. All right. Let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello. How are you doing? Not that great. Why? I just have so much to complain about. I'm actually out here watching my house because we just had termites. Yeah. And had the house tempted. Uh huh. No, not here watching it. Not on the way and watching it because we're just spurguides two weeks ago. Mm. There's lovely city of North Miami. Where is there to move down here that's pretty safe? Uh, I think like about four miles out in the Atlantic would be good. Like in a little robot. Yeah. Really. There needs to be road jack for the criminals. Put in signer. And you're going to have to go inside your body. Exactly. Put inside their bodies. Yeah. Not them down. Mm-hmm. So how's everything else going? Have you ever had your house termites? Have I ever had it? What? Terminized? Terminized? I'm outside on my portable phone. That's one of my own. No, I can't see that I've had to pleasure. There've been a few termites that sneak in the front door every now and then, but most of them go back out. I'm sure. And have that burgerized. No. Lucky you. No, yeah. One time. Yes, I did. Isn't it the worst? Huh? They just cleaned it out. Clean it out. When and out, clean it out. Did you have an alarm system? No, this is a long time. Oh, this was a long system, too. Hmm. They don't care these days. Now. Knock it in. Come on out. They know. Maybe they were after the termites. Maybe. You're right. I hope they got it. I hope they got it. Exactly. Exactly. Now, I've brought that up yesterday, but of course, nobody ever response anything. I bring up. It is a real dilemma. In this area is to where to live. Because, unlike most major metropolitan areas, I mean, there's no hub. There's no. There's nothing that you really want to live close to unless it's your worker or something. But other than that, there's no like center where the action is meant because they're in any action. But it's just. So we have a conglomeration of all these bedroom towns. And you just keep moving further and further west. That's what I've been doing. I'm almost out in the Everglades now way out there in plantation acres. But like I said the other day, if you don't live anywhere near the ocean, you might as well be living in in Pioria. It's just just no attraction. Well, we move from West Kendall. Not to mention, in fact, the further west you move, you're wearing it all these big, Bufel frogs and your dogs start freaking out and, uh, mosquitoes the size of a Gibraltar. It's just, it's outrageous out there. Are there a lot of mosquitoes that were you living? Oh, man, are there a lot of mosquitoes? There are more mosquitoes out there than there are people. See, we move from West Kendall. There are more mosquitoes out there than there are termites in your woodwork. Well, Kendall was pretty bad, not because of the mosquitoes, but the language barrier. Yeah, I lived in Kendall for five years and I just couldn't handle it anymore. Yeah, no one's speaking to this. Well, I had it. Every time I left the house, I had to show my passport as a normal orphan. I thought the same way. So here we are in North Miami and that seems to be changing too. No, I also, isn't it amazing how we kind of follow each other around. I also lived in North Miami at the Twin Lakes Racket Club for two years. Long ago when it was a wonderful neighborhood and it was a great place. Yeah, well, we were in the California Carbara area which, Oh, really not too far like a stone throw. You could throw a giant rock from there to where? Yeah, it's a good place. It's getting worse. Changing neighborhood, I hate to put it in those terms, but it's getting pretty Smarmy. Yeah, so I just don't know where else to go. And that's sad because that's a real, you would think that would be a Primo part of time because it's right. It's right there at the Golden Glades and it's so convenient to come anywhere. You want to get on the turnpike to Paul Medon 95. So if it's a habit of it, it's just, it's like heaven. It's perfect area of location wise 20 minutes from everything. But I don't know what to do. Like faded into oblivion. Exactly exactly. To my convenience stories. Next step is plantation. Well plantation is nice, but like I said, you keep getting farther and farther to the west and it's like living in Sagittal, Michigan. You want to get like that guy from Sagittal? No, I came from Long Island, the place called Stony Brook. No, yeah. There's a way out there. Way out, young man. I know how long it took to get into the city to do anything and structure. Well, I think I can handle it just to feel safe. You're anywhere. Well, it's not a problem getting around because it takes me only about 35, 40 minutes. Getting all the way from the acres down here into Miami. Right, because of the 595 and the turnpike. It's a snap. Right. But I am getting a little upyote with the frogs and the mosquitoes. And it's just, it's like living in the Everglades. And then in May in October, the love bugs, which to me are the most disgusting things on a face of the earth. They're just all over the place. You go out to lay in a shazin aback and get a little sun and relax. And all of a sudden, just all over your face and your swat and... Oh, man. Love it. Love it. The love bugs. Rose. I have another name for them, but it's repeated in the air. Well, mosquitoes we got now are as big as two of them love bugs. So maybe it was maybe they did a little breeding in between. So frogs that you were talking about that your dog had trouble with. Yeah. But it is similar to the frogs that they had on LA law last month. I don't watch LA law. They had these frogs. It's supposed to be a lick of the frog and you get a high up of it. Oh, really? Yeah. Well, you kissed the frog and you turned into a princess. Which I think I may have done some time along the way. Well, listen, have a great day and good luck to you. Let me know where you land. Thank you. Okay. Now, she's got a real dilemma there. Maybe there are people in here for the Chamber of Commerce for various parts of this God for Saken Town. I'd like to call him put a big pitch in for I can't imagine where the answer is. Well, again, everyone from the Channel 7 News Center. I'm Rick Sanchez with your 60 second Gulf War update. We have some new reports that just came in there. I'm going to explain. So let's move to the Middle East War map. Rick's World, if you will. And I'll try to explain. Rick's World. Hi, John. Excellent. Rick Sanchez. And with me as always, Sally Fitz. Party on sale. Party on Rick called San Pedro lately. Uh, not since I've been back from Houston. People in the business remember, but fortunately for me, the public has a short memory. Say, what about that guy you've flattened? Is he still in a coma? Uh, yeah, still in a coma. I'm so glad you brought that up, Sally. Not. Anyway, who's saying blew off a couple more scuds at the occupied West Bank, but those awesome Patriot dudes intercepted. Cove, cove, cove. As you know, the insane who's saying, gosh, can I turn an original phrase or what? Yes, poison gas, but as I squat over Baghdad. That's not the way. I'm giving them a gas of my own. Hot air out of both ends. Who's saying today said, yeah, and we've got a narrowly unknown. The secret weapon, the Americans have the 40 foot tall also news anchor with a chopped lips squatting over my country with a smelly gas. My troops are all fleeing, but for me, I ran, but I couldn't hide. Well, that's all the time we have for today, party on sale. Party on Rick. I'll sit in squats so you worry not. Rick over our rack for Channel 7 news. Okay, 1151. I'd love to do it. He hadn't heard that in a long time. You know, that Rick Sanchez stuff, just to live forever. Never dies off, because he still is. What he always has been. We have an open line in date, 7519463. See, I get tired of people, not just in this business, but in general. Suck it around with everybody. You know, Mr. Glad Hand. I'm not saying that you necessarily have to rip people, but why do they just kiss each other? On a starline. Well, I'm not going to write more on them all the way up to West Palm. Well, congratulations. I have so many things to say to you that I don't even know where to go. Well, you got a lot of time, just to take your time. I write everyone number one. You might want to cut this off, because I don't know if you're still selling snapples. Yes? Well, I wanted to know that because of you, I was in the convenience store and it was a hot day. And I brought one of those cranberry ice tea you were reading about. Yeah. And now I'm addicted. Great. I love it. Well, that's good. And I think that's the impact I have in a Saudi. It's a sure hope. Our sales department is listing back there. Well, I hope so too. And then about the answer. People all over the state, tremble at the sound of my voice. Especially up in the front office. I think you'd be sending you a case a week at least. Exactly. Well, we got plenty of cases around this joint. I cases of snapple. I know about the other case. Right. Secondly, I think. And thank you, then. Spired me to remind the audience of something very important that we should do for quarter-hour maintenance. Well, I'm going to just put that pair of holes. Hey, it's a Jupiter. Go ahead. Okay. You finally hit the nail on the head with there's no place to go. And there's no place to hide. And if you want to live in gay county, you either accept it or you go back to wherever was most of the people here came from. Yeah. Somewhere else. Well, I know. I get it. Well, there's Madonna, like a virgin. Where? Right on MTV. Oh, she's such a jerk. She is. She's an intelligent guy. She's a great businesswoman. I give her that. But aside from that, all of a sudden, about her intellectual honesty. And that's about your crap. She just peddling whatever she can make a buck on. Okay. That's all it's all about. That's absolutely right. Nothing wrong with that. But don't try to pretend that it's something other than what it is. That guy was pathetic. The other thing I want to ask about. At the risk of you calling me a damn broad. I tried to remember the guy that called you up about the Minnesota North stars in the $75 dollar debt. Yeah, the guy that called us about 400 times about that right. Oh, I don't know why I didn't hear him for it. At least at least. Did they win? No. They lost. Yes, man. They got very. Oh, they were very. And they were almost one. Well, almost don't kind of sit in the grocery store. I was only rooting for him because of the $3,000. Well, I wasn't rooting for him because you got to be a chronic pest. I will see. I'm working the day and when I'm on appointments and I'm in with a client. I can't have my radio call. I'll be holding a little humility now. Oh, well, maybe will. Yeah, you're a. Well, that's what they say. The other thing. All that he did was for a thing. Oh, I just want to remind the audience that when you talk about all of the people down here. When Donna's got three things, she's got her hand on one of them right now. Now, what is it? Pay attention. I'm listening. When you talk about the people down here negatively. Yes. I just wanted to remind your audience that 75 to 80% of all the people down here came from somewhere else. Well, what does that prove? It doesn't make any difference. I mean, you know, this is still reality. This is what we are. No matter where they all came from. This is what we got. But they're not made. So what does that mean? They're plenty of native's who are much a Yahoo, He'll be readneck douchebags, too. Okay, don't don't come on like all the natives are such great people. Some are like any other group of people. Some of more and some of mates. Well, the ones who've been here for as long as I've been here used to be real friendly and used to be a great panel. Oh, I'm sure they know a question about. I still think it's a greatest place. Well, you're entitled of that opinion. And the guy thought Madonna was a greatest thing too. Well, what goes around comes around. Well, that's true. That's true. I have to give you that. That's good. Well, have a great time. I'm going to and I'm almost out of range anyway. And love to listen to your show. Thanks. Have a good day. You always put a smile on my face. Well, thank God for that. Have a nice day. Hi. I'm Elaine Ator for South Florida's news traffic and weather station. News talk radio 610 WIO day. Presents the Neo Rodgers show. I'm Diane. I'm in Jackson talk with Neil. Dial 751 WIO day in Broward is 524 WIOD. On beat 655 WIOD. And Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star, IOD. The opinions. All right. Till I just want to tell Elaine that I love her nose. She's been taking more crap, including that big fat rich who just waddled out of here. And her nose looks fine. Don't you think so? George thinks your nose looks great. And I do too. Kill that stupid bastard way. When those long rejoins go on and they know what station they're listening to. Even the VanLady knows what station it is. I knew. See how I put you at the top of the list because you're my neighbor. I know. I'm a wonderful neighbor who puts all these gigantic signs up on her. I knew I was going to try to get some. To a baseball up on my computer's down. No. So I can't do it, but I don't want to get my hopes up. But anyway. What about those frogs? What are we going to do about those frogs? I know you do. You're hired one of the neighborhood boys. And what they do? I hire one of the neighborhood boys. I think that's a bad start to this conversation. All right. You don't mean like the one who lives next door to you. Well, there's about three of them. I don't know if they're going to be there. Yeah. One of the drives to CRX or whatever that is. Nevermind. I know what you're talking about. Ha ha ha ha. Hey, listen. That's a great family. That's an all American family. They should have a TV show pattern after that family. I'm yeah. They are the family. They're the definitive. There's something in that family for it. They're all doing cars in the driveway. They're just that's the definitive American down home family. They're great people. They're very nice people. But you get someone rather than a neighborhood boy then. Yeah. And you. A neighborhood old man. No, no. At night, you get this kid to put on gloves and go out with a flashlight in the bag. You freeze the frogs in the light at the flashlight. Pick them up, put them in the bag, and then dump them in a field. No. Freeze was the operative word. You put them in a bag, put them in a freezer. No, no. And you sell them for frogs legs. Well, there you go. If you want to do that. But you can't. You freeze them with a light. Because I hear those are pretty valuable. That's what I've been told. Told. Ha ha ha. Also. You know what about the size of our mosquitoes in our neighborhood this year? Hey, listen, we complain. Oh, no, listen, have you caught any? You live in the Everglades. I understand, but this is my second year in that house. And last year they were bad. But this year that the size of moths, I haven't seen them as keto like that. This is bad. But you know what? Last insect I saw that. It was Mark Hibnick from our sales department. If you go out after go out in the evening. Now listen to me because I bet Rick didn't tell you that the VM lady was also an avon lady. No. But I am. So if you need to get into this, I'll put it in my mail. Oh, great. But listen, if you go out in the evening and you have to be out. By the way, Rick is our mailman for the benefit of the audience and it comes to the buggy board spot. I'm sorry. You're the same spray on yourself to skin. So I'll keep some mosquitoes away. Oh, really? Oh, I hate. I'm telling you, I get a mosquito in the house at night when I go to bed. I will not go. It may sound childish, but I don't want to wake up like a big wilt in the morning. I'll come back at that. And I turn that light on. And the dogs are helpful because they're like, look around. They're like, look around and they, the big dog, he catches him in his mouth. I've never seen anything like it in my life. And I'll finally sooner or later, they get on the ceiling. The mosquito is, I mean sooner or later, they got to land somewhere. And you see them there and the free, you get to spray first of all. And you spray me down some with about 20 gallons of that stuff because they've developed this immunity to it. And then you just swat them and, you know, and then I'll go to bed. But if I hear a buzz and a roundman, that's it for me. I got to get, I will not rest until I kill the sucker. Okay, but if you have to go outside, you can put that skin to the sauce. Spread on your arms and legs. I eat it all time at the bottom. All right, so we do we get the guy from the house over there with the CRX. We get him with a gloves on outside my house at night. Yeah, that's Chad. Chad? Mm-hmm. Is that his name? I think so. Oh. He hides every time I drive by there. He like rolls down behind the curtain height. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. That's because you're on the roof waving. Haha, it's just a joke. But, uh, and they go out with the gloves and they grab the frog with a spotlight. You put the flashlight on them. They won't jump and put them in a bag. Yeah, yeah. See, they're in my front yard much more than the back. They're in front all over the place. And I never really felt that they were the bullfold things because they've been there ever since I've been there. Millions of them and my dogs never had a problem. But I've got that one. What? What? What's it going? They do go out back. That's the point. And all of a sudden last night, I've had only one gotten the back yard. Well, one's not too bad. You know. Well, yeah, but I'm where there's one. There's more. It's like mosquitoes. When there's one buzz and around, you've got to, uh, let's like when you look on your dogs back to get flees and you find one, you know, there's a hundred when you find one. Yeah, well, just grab the one frog and toss them over the fence. Over the fence, so we can come back underneath that thing. Oh, I don't want to talk about the fence. I know. See, now that we got that lake that develops every time it rains hard. Now it's the perfect breeding ground for mosquitoes and attracting the frogs. It's just perfect. I think I ought to suit the city of plantation. Oh, I wish you would they just made me hook up water. Oh, boy. How did you make out with your dish, by the way? You're a put it up or is it still shit? We're getting there. We had to fix up a car for a car. I finally got my permit, which after like 75 years, I finally satisfied them with all their requirements and got my dish. You do I have to get a permit? Are you a few serious? We were going to hide it. No, you can't hide it. You got to get a permit. Oh, well. Who did you buy it from? You bought it from a dealer? Come a bar. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Like I said, just, uh, when nobody's nobody's looking put up. They won't see it because it's blocked. I won't tell them. I know you won't. Okay. Change for that 57 Chevy. You got sitting under that hot out there. I'll keep my mouth shut. I got my Chevy in the hot and I got an AMX and a Mustang in the garage. I love that 57 Chevy point. Was that a bell air? Uh, there's not the fancy model. Yeah. Oh, I love that. Gotta get it running. My head or T at my starter. And I can't get it going. But other than that, it runs. Your head or T at your starter? I'll be able to get into that. All right. You'll listen. Say hi to Chaz for me. Okay. Okay. See ya. Bye. So what am I wonderful neighbors? I do have nice neighbors. Okay, which is one thing about plantation makers. Even in the lousy people are nice. And the nice ones are really nice. Like her. Say your little pink, follow our assholes. Oh! Red hamster. Hey there, rodent lovers. March is all you can eat. Weasel month and red hamster. Red hamster for the rodent. With three tasty new rodent plans. We'll see you tomorrow. With three tasty new rodent planters. There's deep fried field mice. He'll need muskrad. And of course our world famous hamster melons. Got like a big double cheese please. And hold the hair. And our planters are always fresh. Not like those other rodent places. Because we keep them spill an under wheel. Right up until they hit the fan. Try our tasty roadside pizza. Fresh from the highway to your table in minutes. It's good. And don't forget dessert. Come on, hands and chocolate. Get on quickly. Yeah. And I'll have a hot up with high. I'll amol. I'm an out. Red hamster for the rodent lover. Red hamster. On Main Street across from Jerbal Kay. Okay, it's a 1216. Let's get this show and gear Richard. So, besides it's just tell me about the great night the headlars night at the El Goldstein's house. We'll probably hear at least an hour about that this afternoon. I look with great. Well, I'm trying to think of the upper. I had one but it would have been two two severe. I look a skew. A scant. At those people who like hang out with big celebrities that come on here and talk about it like we were at El Goldstein's. Just like Mr. Ego don't talk about it on the year. I'm ready at a good time. But don't discuss it on the air. It's tacky. Well, we were over at the mayor's house last night. It was just incredible. And what other thing in terms of of bouching up? I watch you guys to go into that meeting and tell Mr. Hotshot in there. I don't mean ask him, tell him. That if he's going to put the monkey on your back about giving all these stupid callators and slogans and logos in crap 55 times a minute, that all that's going to do is recycle the same audience. Everybody listening right now knows they're listening to 610 Wild or news whether traffic pain in the ASTation they know that. Let's get some outside promotion. Let those people who don't know that were here. Know there's something going on. I want you to go in there and tell them that right now. Slip them around ahead a couple of times. Real hard. Say you know how Goldstein is going to be the future sheriff in Broward and since boy Gary lives in Broward, at least temporarily until he goes back to Louisville. Threaten his ass with it. Say that Al's got some big 600 pound gorilla guys up there. Going to beat the crap out of me. Don't stop brow beating you guys. And if he don't like it, let him come to me. Okay. One kind about the 21st of June. Kendall. Yeah. Hello. Yes sir. Don't you agree with that sir. Don't you think today is the day for everybody to Put you up a little bit. Enough of the suck. Right. Listen, I got a major take report over there in the Kendall the dayland. Metra real estate. Yeah. Four cruisers. Metro day cruisers. One pounded one mounted. What is it called? The Maui. The guy in the horse. Maui. Yeah. That's what they call this right. They call it. They were arresting six kids. What is that terming school? What does that term really mean mounted police? Have you ever thought about that? Yeah. I wonder about that. I'm going to the arresting six. They were busting six punk kids for skip and school. They were putting them in the cruiser. Wow. I mean they got nothing better to do. Thank God we're safe for another day sir. We can now breathe easy. They have about this caller that was just a window to think. We could just stand off. They moved both to a good. Exactly. I don't think she could make it. No you're right. She couldn't. Who would you rather happen to sack with her or Bambi woods? Is it a contest? There's no question about it. I mean get serious and poor Bambi. She probably can't get arrested these days or is she dead for the money that's it? Right. That's it. Right. Pure and simple. Which I'm not, which I'm not knocking that. But he's tried to attack me because I don't respect her for honesty. She had been honest. She's just exploiting every bleeding. Every buck she can out of a very naive desperate. I give her credit for that. You pass. She's exploiting suckers like him. Desperate guys like him. And she's a dog. Right. Listen, I want to call the a date. Mosquito control division. A bunch of major douchebags. And the same for Broward. They, these people, who that this was going to come down. And they didn't, they're waiting now to spray. Right. Is it, my two late? There is biggest bowling balls in my yard. You know, that's just, well, that's, that's the state of the city. And, if that's the matter, fact, I call one last night. Drill three holes and it took down to Dom Carolines in Boulder, to 27. Wasn't bad. Okay. I just wanted to give you that on the, on the metro date. I thought it was a little ridiculous. Excellent job, sir. Okay. I'm good at it. Okay. Well, look out for those mounted police. You never know what they're carrying. We have an open line of date county. 7519463. 751. I got news for it. When I start enjoying the show, then you know we're all in trouble. Palm Beach Gardens. He said, and there was this long pregnant silence at the end of the phone. Like there's nobody there. But there is. Palm Beach. You can hear somebody like clicking their thing around. Hello. You want to go back on hold and think about it for a while? Oh, it's fouled during a break. Okay. 655 WOD and Palm Beach, North Miami and a Broward line. Yeah, another big report. Neil, North Miami Beach Pigs. If they got up 178 street, north east 10th Avenue, the Broward line still that lady's turn. What? So, you know, the lady that says house is robbed? Yeah. It took the turn lights. Anyway. Listen, what do you think about this baseball? What do I think about it? It's a greatest thing since they took the mosquitoes out of my closet. Except the GCC today, where King Seiko said he'd like to come back. Oh, yeah. He wants to come back. Alex Fernandez is the one. He keeps his mouth shut. He just goes up there and tries to win a game, and he's not doing too well. But at least he's got some class. Yeah, yeah. Who says got about as much classes Madonna's armpits. Maybe that's why they're a match made for each other. I had a radio accident the other day, ran into the whiteboard. Yeah. And I called up on the star line over there and they said they're all excited about the new format and they said we're going to kick Neil's ass. Yo, young. Dude, I said, yeah, right. They're doing it. You and Jerry Wichner. They're busy kicking their own ass. I'll tell you that. They are terminal. All the retreads. We found the losers, folks. Exactly. Have a great day. And closing. Like Webster. Get off your third ass and get back to work. You big douchebag. Okay. Later. I love my scotch. If I want you to elect me, I'll grab your cross. Then I'll get many good Kennedy. I'll minefuse a cute loose. God, my sexual lefawel plane. My bad wife's real drunk. The cross relames of the expressway. I'll be in. Well, the cops would bust up the Danny Fanny else. And when I get a trouble, but I use my wealth. And I don't care about you. Anybody else? So, no. Back to the fridge, now, Senator. I've read you for somebody's day, Brad. You're the one that then keeps making power. And even though I misuse my ties. I helped it, John Jr., he couldn't pass the bar. And again, the neither can I. Well, the cops would bust anybody else. But I get in trouble, up there. I use my wealth. Because I don't care about you. Anybody else? So, no. No, no. No. The high-dear-up officer. It's a good to see you again. That powers your family. Let me write you a personal check right now, that I appreciate that. And it was a good time. I quieted up to family weekend. And it wasn't my chance. I'll tell you another one. It gives me a real pain where I sit as a David Lee Roth. Oh, God, do I hate him? Can't stand him. Now, some of the Van Halen music was great. Okay, but David Lee Roth, by himself, or like just period. Another legend in his own mind. God, he's just grotesque and obnoxious and arrogant. And he gets mystical and rich. We have two open lines of dates. Up to the happenery that newsbreakman. He must have all gone out to a get an alienator. Look like nose. We had every line lit on a board. We go to the news and they were like three lines lit. Now, they're making it a little bit of a comeback. You people are just so full of it. I know you got nothing to do. We have two open lines in Broward. Five, two, four, W-I-O-D. That's six, ten W-I-O-D. Your news, whether traffic and sports intensive station where we all hate each other like Poison and were proud of it. Hollywood. Hey Neil. How you doing? Hey, I have to agree with you on that Van Hill and with David Lee Ross. There were the best, but by himself, forget it. David Lee Ross, he needs to get a job. Yeah. I'll see the thing with Van Hillers. I like listening to their music, but if you see the videos, you have to see him. And I just, I can't deal with him. He's just such a jerk. And then he did that thing. Dave TV. And he just thinks he's like the hottest stuff on earth. Yeah. It's like Rod Stewart. Do you think I'm sexy? That's like, that would be like, what's your name? Nild up front asking, do you think I'm sexy? Yeah, music was really good, but he goes incredible. He was worth it. Stop and think about it. George is on a floor on that one. Boy, fat. Yes, sexy. Forget it. It's Steve. Steve. Oh, no. What was that? I was talking about ego and then popped out. Yeah, just kind of popped out. Well, I don't want to think to say about that. Well, screw Steve. Right. How do I? No, you know, Neil, I've listened to you for about seven years. Yeah. I'm a big fan of yours. You have to live the best. And no one was talking. Yeah. I just did that because I wanted you to put it. I know it. I know it. I'm not letting you down. Yeah. Absolutely. Not you never do. Yeah. No one was talking. Geez. Bad laughs, sir. You just lost 20 points on his call with that laugh. That forced laugh. Now, what was it? As far as promotion goes, you can't complain about ours because we don't have any. Absolutely. I first found you. I accident. I'm fine. That's right. I was waiting to listen to a sports talk on WIOD. And you were doing two to six on wins at that time. And so there wasn't any. Two to six. I was doing ten to two on wins. No, either was the time you were doing two to six on win. Wrong. I never did two to six on win. Stan Major did two to six. I was doing ten to two. Way back, way, way back. Well, way, way back. I was doing eight to midnight on wins. I never did two to six. Now, somehow I heard you and you were on right before sports top came on WIOD. Well, I may have been feeling anyone there, something, but I didn't do two to six. Well, that's how I caught you. Anyway, in any case. In any event. Yeah, right. That's how I got you. And I've been listening every cent. But in other words, you knew I was coming over here. Oh, yeah. Of course. There are thousands of you who are Rogers listeners who still don't know two and a half years later that I'm on WIOD because the powers that be here are embarrassed by it. Oh, well, listen, George. Jim Hobbs from sales just walked down the hall with a cup of coffee of a cup in the sand. Would you give this cassette that I did special for some one of his brother and Lara brother or somebody up because I'm going to forget to give it to him before I leave and he wasn't here this morning. Thank you, George. This George just runs around here. You don't get pay anything. You run all over the building like a lackey and we feed him a little salad. And that's all he wants. Hey, you know, I'm getting out of this town this weekend. Really? Where you going? I'm going to stand about me and some friends who are going to take a road trip. Oh, that's pretty exciting. You know, it's a little bit a way. Just a little bit of a trip. Listen, you guys are getting a Santa Bell and the Isle of Marata. It's kind of a sleeper. I can't afford it. But it's worth it. But you're right. It's just getting out of here for a couple of days. There's always good though. You're right. You're right. Actually, that's right. It's better than just hanging around here. Right. And you know, we've been a couple of nights and hanging around standing a bell. Yeah. You have to have it for a nice of you. Have you ever been out there? Oh, yeah. It's real exciting. What? We're looking for a nice one. Like a nice to beach. You know, meet some people and have a good time and relax. Yeah. Hey, what ever happened to a PC of Pembroke Pond? Well, he's hanging out somewhere. Yeah, I know. Soon as they fight out, he'll be back on the phone. He'll be back. He'll be back. He'll be back. He'll be back. He'll be back. He'll be back. He'll be back. He'll be like Bonnie from Kendall. Got to have been heard him. The last time I heard him. Bonnie when the bird was still there. Now, come on. He calls every nonin. When he was expected. Well, if you're listening to him and closing. All right, boy. Boy boy. Take it. See you. There's all deaf leopard on there. We're doing a little play by play on the. There's a little torture scene with deaf leopard on MTV for those of you are at working Can't see. That's palm on a date line. How is that possible, sir? I will reverse the charges. That's why. You want to accept it. Anyway, I'll call. It's a little late now, sir. Yeah. Just ask George. You'll send it to your checking. That's right. I'm not calling for my place. Anyway. Okay. That's good. That's a way to do it. Yeah. Anyway, yes. You were calling about the link about baseball team. The link, yeah. Well, then a couple days before that. Did you read the article in newspaper? A boo. About styles and hunting or purchasing that 12 story office building. No. What is that noise on this phone? Do you hear that? I have no idea. Oh, it stopped. Okay. Go ahead. Yeah, because they purchased a 12 story office building downtown. So I figured I meant to their lost oldest place. And I know it didn't do that just to keep blockbuster in here. They needed effort to write. Right. They're not just doing a whole video tape up there. Yeah. And also when you said that. We got it, sir. It's in. We're in. I know. Anyway, I'm calling because did you hear the story about that song or touched myself? Did you hear the story behind that? No. What is that noise now? I'm hearing all this rattling. I mean, I know, no, it was that. But before you touched that mic, somebody rattling your cage over there, sir? Not here. Okay. Now what's the story? Anyway, that's all in the internet. Oh, it's the shortness, microart. Can we get a new mic cord in here, maybe after two and a half years that doesn't have a short knit, so where we time somebody moves around a clunks like some kind of a light bulb radio station? God, almighty. You think we're asking for the morning here? Go ahead, sir. That's right. What are you doing? What are you doing? No, it's just frustrating because they think, you know, they think, you know, listen to that. Only if it was breathing the stamp thing now is clunking this. My cord's got a big shorten it. I don't know that. Go ahead. Are we set? What? I'm telling you about this story behind why they wrote that song or touched myself. Because I could picture it happening down like a Hollandale easily. Hold on a second. Hold on a second. Hold on a second. Maybe it's on his end. But there is a shortness, my cord. He's got a noise coming out of his end. Oh. That's what it was. Because it was too regular. There's a record. It's the jam on the phone coming loose. Oh geez. Yeah. You kind of drips when it will. Yeah. It's big enough. Okay. What are you saying? I was saying I could use the picture to see happening down in Hollandale. What happened when they said was they were sitting at a place, just talking about the shows and stuff. And they looked next. So you got an annoying thing on your answer. There's something loose on your end. How about home on how changed to a portable phone? No, that's okay. We've got to get used to it now. Okay. Go ahead. I'm just hanging around. I was these five old bats like he's dropping on him. She picked it up and she said, well, she's going to start making up a story about the lyrics. So they had some funny telling nursing home people. And they said they're like stretching out trying to hear what they're stretching what out. They're trying to he's dropping. Stretching out their heads. They were e-dropping trying to find out. We don't know what those sign these twins said on John Rivers yesterday. About two heads or better go ahead. I'm sorry. That's all right. So anyway, when they learn the hell is that card? When they left us. Oh, my God, look at that. Somebody stuck his way back up there. Who knows? Never go any place without a tie. Okay, now we can continue. Yeah, I think when they left, they were laughing. I'm sorry it up because this phonyr is driving me nuts. I'm starting to get St. Vita's dance just from listening to it. Yeah, I don't know what's wrong because I'm going to say. So what's the story? They were doing this and doing that and what happened. Well, when they left the thing, they were laughing about how they made up that whole story. So these old people could hear it. And they said, well, why don't we write a song about it? And that's why they wrote a song. Well, I'll be damned. That's what they said. Okay, well, I'll tell you. Sure was worth putting up with all that noise to hear that story. Have a great day, sir. You tell. Don't call us ever again. What is it? Oh, I just came in to say high and clear up any questions that you may have about some things that are going on. I'd prefer pontificating this morning. I'll say to say it. Feel much better now. Well, that happened to me because of that constant banging on that phone. My innards were like, pop all around from here in that same here. God was getting seasick there for a while. Do we have to hear about your night at Al Goldstein's house? You see, I don't want to hear a name dropping. I just didn't know it was so exciting. I just have this a version. There's only one person in the market that I know that's always doing this on a year. And it's not you. And I just can't just, I don't want to say. Why did it want? So it was a glance back. So all the other person that it is no longer here at a one-dimensional, Alex's name because my teeth are still all for real in my mouth. What's left of them? But I just don't care that you went to Al Goldstein's house. He's gone to the tris. He's at one of the house many times. I know the answer is always the same. I'm busy. Busy. You're nothing but forget it. I mean, I like Al and all of that. See, there are some people that they bring their guests on. Yeah. Not you. I don't want to mention Mr. Rigo. And every guest becomes a personal friend. And all we're going to go to Burton Jackson have dinner with this one. You know, I'll fit Lewis here today. We're going to go have a little dinner with Burton. Jack got admit though. I mean, it's just hopeful. It's old. It gets really old. Okay. I just am not interested. You know, come watch me eat kind of business. Come watch this party in the house and see what we do with the pig and that stuff. Well, the pig don't have the pig anymore. No, I wanted to see what they did with it. Yeah, I bet. Well, he's probably got some old films around. I had his, uh, dog in a tris last night. Did he really? Yeah. And he just figured you're saying, I'll come here or rip that off. He's not that skinny yet. I've seen the dog. No. It's a, it was a, how much weight is he lost now? About 50 pounds. I was 60. Wow. Yeah. He's doing it. I still had a boy out. Keep it up, baby. And the weight loss, too. Okay. Now, you're doing these. He is, he's got a real problem, though, as far as, uh, he can't quit ordering out. He's like, got catalog, idus. He's got stereo standing next to stereo. Suss was in heaven. Suss thought, when I die, I want to go here. I'm serious. TV's on top of TV's. Everything else. When you have that much money, you just have to find somewhere to spend it. Exactly. And it's money. If you send some over here in a big paper sack, we could take it off his hands and solve the problem for him. Amen. All right. Now, speaking of all the money you guys are making with all these tremendous things you're doing. Yeah. I got the drift yesterday. I couldn't be wrong. But I got the distinct impression that the sales department once again. I don't want to put words in anybody's mouth. But again, manipulated manipulated and is forced upon you things that you knew nothing about. And they were like kind of a last minute. What the hell are we doing? I don't want to put it in those terms. Well, we are the saviors of the station when we just put it out. Well, what does it mean? Why are you going to be at Atlantis this Friday doing the show from 2 to 6? Because we won't be here. No, that's not an answer. No, I'm serious question. Why are you going to be there? What is the scam? What's the reason we're going to be there? We're going to be there. We're going to be there. Well, they are. Yeah. And it's an eat place. But what are you going to be doing there? The same thing we're doing here. Okay. Next question. On Saturday, I see at the, I'm looking at a lot. And I pretty jealous about this Atlantis. You know, I can give her a ticket. It depends on who's going on the slide. I'm going to shoot a parlor with this. That's the one I'm really upset about. Of course. They don't offer me no shoe stores. You know, I get to sit out in the hallway and cut the ridge mall. And you guys get to go to birdines in a men's shoe department in Dayland from 11 to 2. You bet. Do you are excited? Well, what are you going to be doing there? Shoes. Try to move on. I'll be exactly. Ha ha ha. Tip towing through the tulips. God. Pretty much. But he's going to be doing it. We have people who listen down there who buy shoes. So we figure this would be a good place to meet them. Okay. All right. And then, of course, we got the ball game next Friday. But that's kind of two pedestrian. I mean, we know what we're going to be doing there. Yes. And we're going to be out there with you. And I'll send you a second. And now Goldstein will be there a week from Friday. How do you like that? What's the house? He was in here like stacks of tickets to the June 6 deal. As he. June 6. What deal? The game. He's a stack. Like he's a ticket vendor. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. And it sure wasn't him in Gloria Leonard. And that poor number will be. I'll tell you that. Nobody bought that. Do you ever see that? No. Oh. Believe me. You don't want to fall. Listen. I saw a screw magazine. And I thought I got to go to this guy's house. I don't want to hear any more about how you went to his house. But it's all. I don't care. I want to go to your house. No. I know. I don't want to go. For what? I want to go over watching. I have a place to test me in house. I have a place to see. Simple house. So does he. I used to have a place in house in Jack Arrata was like a palace. Yeah. And it was just cost. It was just ridiculous. I don't have a $75,000 watch like out rolled steam. You believe that thing. Tells the year on it. Can you call me to tell? Is matter. In fact, I'm. The sales department keeps up with their. President, Trent. I'm going to be living in a quanceau hut. Yeah. Miami Lakes pretty soon. Well, say hi to me. I'll be your neighbor. Right next to the technical school. I want to go to your house. You won't have it invited me over for a name. You know something. See, the audience is going to take this for real. I advise you guys to go to pop it over the track and then your house. No, listen. People don't keep inviting people repeatedly for things if they just if they give like a an insincere response. Okay. It's like Chuck. I said it Chuck couple of weeks ago. When we go to because he was saying I'd like to go to call or some Sunday. Well, I said, well, we go out there some Sunday. Okay. Great. Okay. So I see you won't go anywhere where you spend any money because you're cheap. Let's go. What's on day? Where? I don't know where we're. We're going. Is that where you're going? I wasn't going anywhere. See, you missed constru having it like a date on the calendar. So I don't have to be in some theater. I'm not going to date with you. Okay. No. Why just had something else to do when you asked me before? I wasn't insincere. Well, that's what Chuck did. But he gave like the next 36 Sundays. Well, you didn't offer us that option. Oh, get out of here. You're so full of crap. No. You're going to get all the time. I've got all the time to work. It can't open. I'll accept for quarter horses. You don't want to see that. Well, then let's invite me over for a couple of came. Well, what does see your saddle I dish? I want to see all this stuff. You can get up and never see a dish. And then what? We didn't get one and then I'll pull it. Okay. Then it promise. Real fast. See, I don't have a friar. I don't have that friar. I don't have that friar. He's sitting in the thing anymore. Like the good old one. I want to see that. I want to see that. See that post that's sitting over in front of Dave's house. Well, all the things I want to see you keep getting rid of. I'm getting the hit. Well, that's the reason. In fact, anybody want to buy a dish? What 35 at W.I.O.D. will continue the recap of today's Ding Dong School right after this. What can't we do? Because I never get to hear any of this because they won't speak to me. Thank goodness. Because they're not allowed to speak to me. Well, actually today was kind of disappointing. I mean, it was all right. Just to discuss at Lannes and. Dave, land. What's it discuss if you don't know what you're doing there? That's why I was a short meeting. Okay. Other than that, you know. No, it says every word about any of future hopes for outside promotion like. TV spot or billboards or newspaper. Why was it always a short meeting when that comes out? Okay. Hi, Alia. Hello. Yes, sir. My god, I can't believe it. Believe it. You know, you spoiled my plan, Major Lee. This is Alba from Surside. Your eyes and ears from the swap shop. And she might go from with down and coconut growth. My eyes and ears from the swap shop. Oh, yeah. We have high flight corners. There you shop upstairs. Oh, I got you. Well, be more specific. If you're going to give yourself a plug, don't be to ride a bush. Or just come right out and blur it out. Oh, they went and down, blur it out. All right. Well, see, you spoiled my plan because my girlfriend was in the. Um, coconut growth. And I'm sitting in front of her house. Yeah. I was sitting in front of her house waiting for her. And I know sitting in front of her house like on the ground under the tree. How romantic. No, it my car. Oh, I'll do your condition and everything. My car starts to overheat. Now it's about I wasn't going to hang up the phone because I've been trying to get a whole of you. So anyway, I knew she'd be listening to you because, you know, she's the one to turn me on to you. Well, that's unusual. She's the other way around. Yeah, I know, but she did it to me this time. And anyway, um, I wanted to tell her, you know, that I was listening and then I missed her and her to all that and get home and all that. But anyway, you got to go check out the new dog, she'll act at the swap shop. They're like kind of mixing the aromas now. You got to make sure if they all have to end. Oh, fantastic. You know, it makes the saw dust with the a little like two parts elephant, one part dog. Yeah, you got about 20 little poodles. You got to know how long and it does. One does your nerve. Money little poodles. Crap and all day long. Oh, yeah. Absolutely excellent. And then the elephant's walk around. My favorite was when the guy comes out with a broom and sweeps at all up in the sawdust to get up in the ear like into your lungs. That's the best. I just go nuts over that. So as if the, you know, the drop in the elephant was an enough nut. They got the dog stuff to worry about too. But anyway, so it's most romantic in there. Uh-huh. And I'm stuck through like four shows a day for a Friday Saturday and Sunday. Well, that's what this town is all about. Absolutely. That's what it's all. That's where it's at. In fact, we got the swap shop spot coming up in the next break. It's appropriate that you kind of like segue into it in a few minutes later. Yeah, you had to call it before talking about Santa Bill. Yeah, that's a sleepy town. Oh, that's really exciting. I have a lot of friends. I know that every time they get a couple of days off, or want to get away from the weekend, we go to Santa Bell or What's the other Marco while in all these. Captain, captain, they're going to be boring. Terminal boring. It was great. boring. It's nice to be bored once in a while. boring. He's one of those main things. So that's a boring sport, too. I can't handle that. I like to go scuba diving. Take the fish that I want and spear. Well, I'd like to eat like to do too. Yeah. There you go. But the fish are on land, right? Albert, have a nice day. No, it's me. See ya. That's what I guess with too much of that aroma will do to you. Well, Cheryl looks really psychotic today. I guess Adam turned her down. If you miss the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 16WIOD, you missed this. Has the bird? Yeah. Bird, how you doing? Okay. This is to me if I replay anything because I can't stand listening to you. You serve like a douchebag. Do I? Just to me if I replay anything. What can I ask you a question before you go? Oh, God, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you. No, just to tell you not to say anything. Just play something. Oh, God, can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening? I play something already. Why won't you answer me? I can't stand it. You won't see he won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello. Well, I don't know about you. But you sound like some stupid idiotic. Jump, stupid stupid, stupid idiotic. Did you see, what are the movies? Body chemistry? No. No. And the other one was overexposed. Was that it? Has anybody seen any movie that's on us? I don't get it. I just don't get it. I try to be conversational with these people. They always come up with these movies. They're nobody ever heard of. And I mentioned a movie that's like a recent movie. It's on all the cable services. And it's like, what is that? What is wrong with these people? Do you see murder and high places? No. What's that? That was the movie they said. What is that? I was on Colorado. Boy, these cigars are just killing me. They're tearing up. I was at papaya, by the way. I don't see eat much. I see a cut and slicing and cutting, but not eating. Sunny said to say, huh? Oh, what? He wants to know now if you want. That salad salad on Tuesday because he knows you're going to momies. You tell him to send it over here every day. So I told him. The worst that can happen is the Brooklyn Bridge said the worst that can happen on WKPX. Is that we give it to somebody else? Exactly. And they're happy. Yeah. And since he already lied through his teeth and said that he'd give one for everybody in a building practically. We know that's a bunch of crap because the day I wasn't here on remote. They took the one back that they had sent over here for me because I wasn't here. So we know it's full of crap. Just, I don't, why is it got to be such a big deal? And you know why it has to be such a big deal because that way gets all this publicity. See, I don't want to give him publicity because then Denneburg and Boygiri and the Allerace get upset. I mentioned every day, thanks for the salad, Sunny. It's great. That's it. Like Flores, we don't give them go through a big soap opera about them. When they send food, we're grateful. It's great. We thank them. And they don't expect anything else because they're not paying for it. And he's not either. So he should kiss the ground that a major superstar of my stature is willing to eat his crappy food and talk about it for a second or two. And believe me, what he said here today, I wouldn't feed my dog even after the toad. Week, very week, just not up to his usual standards. At all. Like a bunch of that shredded carrot, I don't want shredded carrot. That's gross. It's like something eat on pooram or something. I don't want that. The carrot doesn't stay too crisp too long. That's just not a question of how it's crisp when it comes out of the crisp. I know that. But that's not the point. I don't have my lunch. It just isn't good. It's just a crap. I sent to my son some of the corny's got great corn. No corn today. Nice big slice of idalia onion, not in there. So in other words, he's getting evil with me all the stuff I said I'd like to accept there were three like Stale plantains in there little slices. That was it. Well, he's must have been for mice to eat corals from the swap shop. Now, see, I'm coming in eight o'clock on Monday morning, which means I'm going to have to get up about five o'clock and drive through horrendous traffic to get here. But it'll be worth it to me to meet with these sales clowns back there. Say hi for us. And you know, see, if it was just me that I'd say, okay, I'm a pain in the ice and I'm a heart ass. But I know just about everybody in the building shares the same frustration. They haven't got any idea what they're doing back there. None. Zero. So I said yesterday, and I stand by this statement more money falls through the cracks in this building in a week than most people make in a lifetime. And I believe that it's just it's amazing. It's astonishing. And then they go out, a shuttle and around together like at the fight last night I got a spy report getting piled and badmouthing all of us me, especially. And you know, it's we're not it's not a contest here. In other words, it's not optional. We're it. We're the station. We're on here. Thank you. Whatever. That's what they got to sell. If we're not here, they got monafone records. It can bring back Sandy Peyton. I mean, basically that's it. So it's not like it's optional whether they like us or not. That's their job. And do it or get the hell out. Makes sense to me. Exactly. So anyway, have a good time in the shoe department. It's 151. It's. It's. It's. That's what Johnny Darks said. Now, which one of these should I take? Oh, now is that a collect call on eight? That can't be for real. There's no way. Are you sure there is no way? Wait till you see where this call is from. Hello. Hey. Are you for real? This is a call from In Tree, Georgia. In Tree, Georgia, not even way. House, but Reynolds doing. How's that baby doing up there in the woods? Hey. That's it. That was just story. You know that, Neil. I'm not going to do it. Hey, you wouldn't have to leave it. But we pick you up for it. All the way up here. 800 miles away. I know. We're big of an injury. On occasion where the highest mountain. Woo. Go into the Atlanta. I can't believe it. We do. We pick you up. Don't let John void here about it. Oh, occasionally. Now, it's not. The only one that's certain certain times. Yeah. Only certain times like between 10 and 2. Are you serial? Is it that? You can pick us up there in injury. They still, are they still dragging bodies out of that creek? Out of that thing? Well, you know, that was a movie to ever send. They kind of nicknamed this community. It was only about five families up here. After the movie, it was kind of named kind of stuck. Yeah, kind of stuck up there in the woods to a kind of stuck. You know what? So what do you guys do up there? Just kind of sit up in the woods and drink what alcohol and how it happened? Play you. One of the radio stations down here are up here. What do you mean one of the radio stations? What does that mean? One of how many radio stations they got in? One, but 90% of the time they're running out. Is the bookie board spawning a general commencement notices? Oh, yeah. That ought to be better. 90% of the time. Yeah. Well, I'll be damned. We'll argue. We'll argue. We'll argue. We'll argue. We'll argue. We'll argue. I'll argue. I'll argue. I'll argue. I'll argue. I'll argue. I'll argue. I'll argue. I'll argue. Okay. If you can make ends meet. There you go. Okay. Good luck to you, pal. Hang in there. Wow. Are we bigger? What? This show is spreading out like a gigantic disease on your radio dial. Get the call from entry. Boy. Ned Betty would have heard that he couldn't sit down for a week. Just here in the call. Four-lauternale. Hello? You think we could have Ned Betty doing the pig reports? Yes sir. Hello? How are you doing? Well, everybody here saw deliverance. I mean, that's, they're looking to me like, what is that? Go ahead sir. I'm mad as hell and wish I didn't have to take it anymore. Howard Beal Jr. That's right. I just got back from getting my driver's license renewed. Yeah. I go up to this place first of all. Did you bring your green card? I did. That's. And the first thing that was they wanted to charge five dollars extra for a motorcycle endorsement. You know, just five bucks because they needed money. What do you mean? You're doing Suzuki spots now or something? No no. No, no. That's a good one. For a motorcycle license. Oh, I see. I got it. Then get up there and take the whole deal and then they said, okay, this you're here your license. And it's good for four years. The guy next to me is license was good for six years. Yeah, but you got a ticket. I made a U-turn in 1989. Sir, I have the same thing. I got caught on radar. I have one ticket in the last like six years or something like that. And she gave me a four year license because I'll a ticket on my right. The whole thing is ridiculous. And I said, honey, take this license and sit on it and do a perpendicular, a facelift. And whatever else. And she just looked at me and said, get there. How lot of here? And don't ever come down. You got to go back and four years and pay another 20 bucks. That's right. On check trucks. Another rip off, sir. It's another great Florida rip off. They are. In the meantime, every illegal alien who just came in on a rubber raft is driving a 57 Chevy up this game Boulevard four miles an hour with the wheels falling off. Get them free gas. Exactly. And expanding a lot too. Well, that's all I had to say. I'm mad as hell. And I wish I didn't have to take it anymore. Good luck to you, pal. All right. Get used to it. 155 at WIO. Damn, I'm going to go home and kill frogs with ammonia all day. That's some good all day and all night. I'm just going to hang out outside. Kill frogs all day. All night. Just spray them. Gotcha. Boy. And here I've been friendly to those suckers all this time. You know, they hop around in front door. You come home at night. And you just let them kind of like hop over your foot and give a little kick and get out of here. You know, get out of my way and go in the house and forget about it. Not anymore. No more risk or nice guy. The only good frog is a dead frog. I wonder how much those total eggs would be worth. I got a good idea. We'll bring him in here and saute him in a little olive oil downstairs and pass him off to the staff as frogs legs. I'll never know the difference. Can you see him all running around here, foaming at the mouth? Let's feed a little to programming to middle and upper level management. All of who would know the difference. They're always foaming at the mouth anyway. North, Dave. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Uh, your, the boy from Randall, Thrill Hill got taken off the field today during practice. With the dolphins. Meaning what? Let me got taken off the field. Well, evidently he injured himself. What a shame. And he's no longer going to be practiced for the rest of the day. What do you do? Injuries off doing like, uh, he got tangled up with some other, other. He was generating out of the bull pose. Got his leg caught on the bull pose. I thought like that. And I don't like frogs either. We're sushi. Okay. Have a good leg. And you too. Maniac. 157 at WIO. D. Here's a lady in four-laterdale. Hi. Hi. I'm a first-time caller. Fantastic. And I was wondering when you got off work, if you can go down the street and kill the frogs or toes in my yard. No, I think I'm going to be busy in my yard for a long time. You know, they'll get my toe kill him. I'm licensed. I don't think I could do it outside of my house. After you got your satellite permit. Uh-huh. Yeah, when you're in plantations, you got to get a toe kill in permit too. That's $600. Pertode. Why cigarettes and so one of our other neighbors called. I would call two. I'm a neighbor of yours too. Are you really? Yeah. The other satellite fish on the street. A really? Yeah. But you got a permit, right? We put it in without a permit. Then we went and got the... That's what I always did. That's fun. Yeah. Because then you can still watch it all the while they're finagling and haggling. You don't have to worry about waiting until they come and kiss you on the ring. A real pain in the butt. So how's Chad doing over there across the street? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. What? You don't like our neighbors? I like the neighbors. Oh, those are the great. That family is like just great. They got like 600 cars. They're always out there working on a car. Running around naked. That's a great family. They're like all America. They're hardworking down to earth. Homest bond. Great folks. They really are. Do you think they'd work on our cars? I doubt it. Maybe for the end then. Right next to you. Um. We're at the airport. I can't wait to get out of here. Come on. I've got you. Okay. Well, let's go. That's just a way to do it. Went inside the street. You're talking. Someone else? No, I'm talking on the other side of my street. I live across the street from them. Oh, I see. Okay. All right. Now I got you. That's right. All right. That's right. We'll see. I think I'm over to you, House and Watcher. Said like TV. No. What the hell was that old? Oh, he's lonely. I don't know what his story is. He's just got no life. I don't want him over to my house, watchin' anything. Okay, oh, sorry, Rick. Can I bring a Coke and put it in your freezer or maybe some vanilla ice cream? And I'm trying to live up to my images or hermit. Okay, I'm just lockin' the door and let nobody in. Just lockin' the dogs out to their own now. They run into some bad stuff and they're in the backyard that's their problem. They should drop to know for their own back there. Oh, no. Tiny dog! Again, but that's what you expect for this price. Pay phone challenge, the highlight to sacked an on. They had a big, uh...