Um, baby white things. The width things that you get in a box, Dr. Cleaner faces stuff with. They're saving without saving cream and things like that over there. So, uh, they're on the one where they're ready to come home or do something, but uh, I just wanted to let everybody know, you know, they do have found set up over there now. Um, AT&T has a set of ideas that they put up in Faudy. And where my son is, he's got there's a huge canter with about 60 telephone. So he was able to give me a car. I spoke to him for about an hour. Great. While rocking a way to get my bill. But it didn't matter. It was great here and from in social gossip that he over there. Uh, and you're not sure what to see and, you know, what I mentioned is good because I can all use that and keep them. They all go on to the summit. Got right now. Okay. Okay. You hang in there. You have a good day. Thanks. 1043 a WIOD. We have an open line at Broward 5249463. 524WIOD. A pig report on the mobile? Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Good day today. Um, there's a trap down there between Mercy Hospital and the Sky on South Bay Shores about five copies. The Internet of Southern Roads. Great. Your little radar trail. Hallelujah. Oh yeah, just wonder for Americans. They're out there doing it. Nothing better to do. Who in their duty? For God and Country? Uh huh. Panos Bill. Yes, sir. Good show today, Neil. What? Good show. Good show about what? Huh? Good show. We got two different parts. We're doing another show of the audience. I agree with you on the TV 7. But nobody, but now nobody has anything to say about it. You know, for a while there that's all he wanted to talk about. We had like 7,000 calls. It was ponderous now that we have that it just really created a major thing in the war and in the whole world. Now it's like, well, you know, we already went over that. Let's go on to something else like whatever. I know. Uh huh. Let's go pick our nose. It's not new anymore. And everybody wants something new. That's right. Have a great day. 1044 at WIOD. We have an open line on the Starline. If you have Bell South mobility, good luck to you, star. I, O, D. I'm not going to go upset about it because I know human nature. Boyd way, no it by now. Anyway, 16 pounds in counting. And spite of that in temperate was it on Monday? Was Monday. We had that in temperate in here and had a little eating frenzy. But in spite of that, I've done 16 pounds on neutral system. And Roger of the World Famous Micrinerie show also were dead even. We're in a dead heat folks. We're right at the finish line together at 16 pounds. When I really get the finish line, we're still at the top of the back stretch. But at the time we get to the finish line. We're both going to lose plenty because neutral system works. Look at that Slob Johnny dark at the coast. 32 pounds. I'm going to be old. Yeah. Yeah. I lost 32 pounds. So I just, I system and I bought some nice new clothes. You want me to give you the name of my clover. Please. So we can all forget to go there. Okay. This man, I fashion plate the Lexive which you've never seen. Anyway, once you've lost the weight, you can go out and buy some real clothing at a real store. Oh, can't forget about Johnny dark. This week, a new true system loses all the weight you can. In three weeks for just $59 for program services. So stop putting it off. Get your big, large ass up out of the chair. Go over right now. Call him. Get started. 1-800-344th. 1-800-344 THIN and be sure to tell him that once gigantic meal at WIOD as you to call, new true system. So fact about meal, Roger. You should know. You made your cause of stiffness and swelling. And it's starting to happen right now. 1049 at WIOD. We have an open line in Dave County, 751. And, uh, oh, geez. I'm really sorry that I said anything to the okay. What do you want? I kind of town Chicago is. Hello. What do you want? Just call to say hi. Hi. Are you doing? Good day. Good day. What? How's this show been? I've missed you. Show has been just fine. Up until today. Wow. Because I had the audacity to say something about the war and about the median, get serious again for about five minutes and they're just so they can't handle it anymore. Wow. So for one extreme to the other. And then you call on that kind of like is the frosting on the cupcake. Well, maybe I should hang up there. Paul Harvey, Junior, ladies and gentlemen. A man who just, uh, so what are you doing up there? I'm working my ass off. Doing what? Are you peddling your ass? I'm working on a big audit up here for insurance. Great. Yeah. Let me tell you the weather up here sucks. Anybody down there with ever complained. It's got to be in the sink. Yeah. Got to be in the sink. I got news for you. There are a lot more people up there than there are here. There must be a reason for it. Well, anyway. Um, here for a couple more weeks and then I'm going to be back home. I miss it. Great. Well, we sure miss talking to you. Oh, oh. Yeah. I'll bet you do. Well, bring a Jim and Tammy Faye back with you. They're going to be big in the news again. She's got those earrings, the size of a mine. I thought Tammy's around you right now. Somewhere down there. I have no idea where she is. Well, I know she's wearing those gigantic button earrings, the size of Vermont, and they're just embarrassing. But it'll be great to kick their ass around a little bit again. You don't want to come so many. He said if a miracle does occur when he does get out, he's going to start his ministry again, right? Praise the Lord. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah. I don't want to go around. I don't want to go around. Everybody up here is so excited about getting hericumoro as your backup quarterback. Well, I'm glad they're excited. I'm glad that they have important things to talk about like Eric. Can you imagine that? Other than that, everything's fine. Are they in for a big time? I'm about ready for another snowfall. Great. So, well, say hi to Harry. And all my good friend up there at War of Heat. Netti plays good. Yeah, I have. We went to Harry Carrey's the food with so-so, but the bar was really deep. We ate it to Tang Dynasty, which was excellent. Did you over to the palm? No, I haven't been there yet. Oh, boys, that a good place. Yeah. And Gino's east and I went. I was in Argentina. They've been there like three times. I'm sorry. Harry O'O'No and the what's that Italian restaurant we kept talking about begins with an S. There's a huge scoop. There's a scoop. He's a zaniscoosies. Scoosies. Yeah. Go to scoosies, believe me. Okay. The food up here I gotta tell you is better than anywhere I'll have eat. Yeah, food in Chicago is some of the best in the world. But the people, one thing I have noticed, the people here are not very friendly. The service is excellent. The people are not friendly. The people out on the street. Yeah, I don't agree with that. I don't know where you've been hanging out. Well, that right downtown. Right downtown. I don't, I didn't find that. People here are pigs too. When the snow melts, it's unbelievable how much garbage is on the sides of the roads and on the sidewalks and everywhere else. It's unbelievable. You know, people down there complain. I don't understand. But the city I love, the weather sucks. People suck. What the hell? Well, you should write in. The money is excellent. Like I said, anyway. Good day. Just learn the call and good day. 1052 a WIOD. We have an open line on the Long Distance line 655 WIOD and Palm Beach. Let's go to Alamurada. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. I'm a little momentary lapse there. I forgot where I was. But I feel okay now. It's a little bit of a legions on the brain. Yeah. It's a little bit of a legions on the brain. Yeah. Here you talk about the apathy and the country that shows a hell of a lot of it. I'm sure you see it every day on your. Yes sir. They don't give a crap about anything and about 80% of the people who claim to care about the troops in the war and it's not they know they do it because it's a happening. It's an interesting thing. They don't give a damn about anything but their own little meaningless pathetic lives sir. That's all they give a crap about. That should be the new national slogan. I have no life. That's right. Yeah. So imagine if the apathy is at this level for an international conflict or the size. Right. Imagine what it normally is for regular voting. Oh man. Imagine what they don't give a crap about anything and then they belly it. Go to you look what we got. We got a pumpkin eyes. Then what do they expect? Okay. They what you get out of something whatever you put into it. And these people put nothing into anything. Okay. There are a bunch of slime balls. Really true. We can sure be proud that we got 100% volunteer force over there and they've made some decisions. And they've got to thank God for them boy. Thank God for their care about these cowering little nivellidose bags. They're a little douche bags. They're a little douche bags. We're going to have a drop. So we can have a drop. They're carrying us out of the bag. You only think we can be proud of as a damn troops that are over there. The American public makes you puke. That's the fact. I think you're right too about the about the Kennedy thing. I was just listening. I just turned it on when you said that. And I don't want to get into big conspiracy theory or anything like that. But I think you're right. There's no question in my mind that there are elements of the CIA and others higher up in the United States government that are responsible for the assassinations of John Kennedy, Bobby Kennedy, and Martin Luther King. And yeah, when it comes yet we were so high for Looton and we're so of, oh, there he is again. I can't take any standing in the dark. You'll never guess who's on CNN right now with that look like Dracula on a bad day with the who needs a haircut over his neck. Man, stick him in the desert and give him and put him together with Rick Sanchez. Yeah, well, let him stand out in front of Rick Sanchez's newsmobile. Okay. It's sure not above the scene to put a bunch of people on top of his bunker and other types of bunkers too. I mean, we could, yeah, we said here we worry about 300 people in spray. It's nice to have that concern. But as you said before, the millions of people that have died both just as victims of war and fighting for the threat. How about the people in the civilians in Israel who died more severely wounded many of them with us? Because they're not even involved in the war. And yet they, you know, they got to stay out. Everybody's got an eye up in the sky waiting to get his deracle with them. But all of a sudden, here's the country that the whole world is fighting and some of their civilians are being killed. We don't even know the circumstances. Right away, our whole media is turning about. We're doing it wrong and we're just not being careful enough. It's not surgical enough. That's a biggest pile of crap I've ever heard in my life. True. Well, I don't know. Like the women standing on top of that rock pile, keep thinking of that picture shaking or finger? You think this is you would this, yeah. I'm sure the people like who ate like to take her and pluck her eyes out and stick them where the moon don't shine. Anyway, I wonder what you'd see. Go ahead. On a smaller note, it's closer to home. Seriously, did you ever think about that? If you did pluck somebody's eyes out and stuck them where the moon don't shine? What would they see? I don't know. It'd be like that headlight's bang on. Probably like being deep in the bowels of the universe, see the gigantic black hole, I guess. I'm sure. Okay. That's key. I'm trying to try to try to try to figure out what I was writing. I'm flipping through the channel about regular television at night. And the game out was just commercial. I was called the up month or a month or a month or so ago about the count down the crisis spring. Well, anyway, this is another kind of thing like that. It's, yeah, although I think it's really much more serious. I saw a commercial about a guy walking down a prison's row like he's going down either. Death row or he's going to go into prison for life. And I either show him his choice is the electric chair or prison for life if you kill a cop. But the average person that commits a murder, I think, in the United States, against a citizen, they're looking at probably 10 years. Yeah, I've never been able to understand it. The life of a cop is somehow more vitally alive of somebody else. This guy's dissection between authority figures and the people that pay the taxes is a tremendous harbinger of the separation between authority and totalitarianism. I want to carry it away on that issue. But it's really true and they pay for that. Well, let's not get too carried away, sir, because the audience is that this is not the day for this. They didn't do for volatility and fun of games, and we wanted to destroy it right on their parade. Yeah, right. It's sad, it really is. And it's never going to change. I can't imagine. I understand your job and I listen to you. If I haven't been listening a long time, but I sure am thankful that at least you've got a little time type of an outlet for the freedom of speech and first amendment. At least information distributed in different ways other than the hero itself, Lord, that I can't imagine how you can tolerate after day-to-day. Well, that's why I don't do it anymore. That's why I don't do that stuff anymore. And then, you know, I laps back into it or get stuck back into it like in this case. And all of a sudden, I get a rude awakening. They don't want it. Yeah, you're right. They just want to watch MTV. Yeah, that's it. Okay, okay. Okay, go and have fun. Give pieces of chance. See you later. 1057 at WIOD. We have an open line and a lane and died at 7519463 and one in Palm Beach 655 WIOD. 6559463 Hollywood. Now. Yes, sir. I have a question. How's asking in every view without dinner? Hey, go to Spain yesterday. Yeah. And something called it made a good point that since we're sending these pamphlets over to our rack, you know, to them to turn themselves in. Why don't we send pictures of how well we're treating their prisoners as an incentive to them to themselves in? What do you think about that? Pictures of how do you send pictures of how well you're treating our prisoners? I don't understand. We got over a thousand E.P. W's. I don't understand how you do that. Or I mean, I'll just do it if they're eating. How to be treated. Yeah, well, yeah, that's a good idea. Well, I'm sure that there'll be more. I'm sure that this is just the beginning of the dropping all these leaflets by air, with hundreds of thousands of them. Right. And, uh, I'm not a thing. I'm just going to say, hey, I don't know. Just sounds ridiculous to me. But he said, why don't we give them? All right, God. We were incentive when they turned their pamphlets in with themselves. I mean, you can't remember. We were. Do you think about that? Yeah, give them a pound of olive oil or something. I'll do it. All right, now. Have a great life, pal. Yeah. Okay. 10 59 at WIOD. We have an open line at Broward 524. We don't care. 5249463. I've been honest with you. It's really kind of pointless to sit here and read about these rallies and these different things going. Because it's obvious that this audience, or the most people in I don't want to say this audience. Because I'm not going to take that rep. People in general don't give a flying crap. Okay. They really don't. There's a small percentage who do. And most people don't give a crap. And that's. And I know you can argue with me about that all you want. But I know that because I know human nature. I know the way people are people are a known dream world. And they don't give a damn. They're oblivious. And all this jazz about their so concerned about the lives of the troops and human life. Don't feed me that crap. The actual life has been devalued in the port. It's like stepping on cockroaches. It's a sad commentary. But it's true. Anyway, I'm that uplifting. Noted it's time for Henry Barrow in the 11 o'clock W.I.O.D. News. And then we'll come back and put on a happy face for you. Okay. Yeah. We're going to do that for three solid hours today. Rick and Scuddle be here from 2 to 6 to 7. Don't josegacke in Jim Mandage on SportsTalk in 6.05. Jim Palmer and his underwear with that goldberg 8.2111 tonight. It was a bombing night and downtown Baghdad. Back. Everything's under control. I've come back to the real world. After a little flight into the twilight zone. When you see what happened during the first two weeks, we had enormous numbers of people who came over and tuned to this radio station. Because there was enormous interest. There was a lot of news coming out every day. And we were passing it along. And all the discussion was about what was going on. Pro and Con in and out. And now that that isn't going on. Because the trickle of information is down to like a slow leak. Those people are mostly gone. Because when they hung around and found out we don't do that every day, then they're gone. Or they would have been here in the first place. So that's basically where we are. We're not going to dilude ourselves into believing that anybody who cares about anything is still around. Okay. So I feel better now. It's 11 o'clock. 11 o'clock. I think what they ought to do really is just fight the whole day of war and tell nothing about it. Get it over with. Bring everybody home safe. And then they can give us a report. Because otherwise it's impossible. Let's go to sunrise. Shall we? Hello. Hi. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hi. I won't hang up. Could you just go to anything? But I mean, it's obvious that what I said is true though. Isn't it? Well, I'm sure the tension span. I really know a lot of people were still very, very concerned. I'm concerned. They're concerned. Yeah. Could I say that in the first few days of the coverage or whether first few days of the war, I thought at least two articles buried within the newspaper about the cozy regimen CNN had with the Iraqi government. Right. And Peter and that's been doing this kind of reportings. There's no theory at now. He was taking around the North Vietnam guerillas and making this kind of stupid reports. I don't rush the CNN now if I can help it. Because it's definitely too much that how to demoralize everybody. Isn't just demoralizing, but they're actually interfering with the war. They're interfering with the allied forces conduct of the war and they're interfering with the balance of world public opinion. It's one thing to report it. But it's another thing to allow themselves to be used as a propaganda to alert to achieve certain objectives. And they just pretend, oh, we're just presenting a balance picture. We're just going to keep on doing it. Peter and that's a great reporter. I mean, that people ought to be outraged at that. And they ought to be filming at the mouth over what they're doing. Well, I know. It is grace. There's one point I would like to kind of make. We'll do it probably to be parades when the events come home. Okay, which they should have. Wouldn't it be nice if we've got a movement going where they invited the Vietnam veterans to parade with them and get the glory that they deserved originally? That would be great. I mean, they were awarded by the government. I really wanted it. But they're on government the same way these boys were to go into a job. Maybe we could get Ramsey Clark to organize. Yeah, right. It would get stick to it. Maybe we could stick him in the middle of the program, and hang him up in front of all the troops. It would be really nice. Really nice. Remember what they did with Mussolini? Yeah, right. Take Ramsey and Peter Rarnett will use a double news. Well, John Champ was not doing too bad at job these day. They're, I've been listening to him. He's really, really. He looks so mad about it all. I haven't, well, what is his song now? What is he singing? Well, pretty much like he's getting to be standing a little bit like Peter Jennings. He's kind of panned by Gulf War. He's really furious about what he thinks the guy lives are doing over there. Oh. Okay. Like we're fighting a war. Yeah, right. Nice thing. On today's. So in other words, what we ought to do is just that all of our kids across, you know, into the, we ought to just start the ground war right now to be expedient for them. Let the half a million landbinds blow them all up and just to get it over with and bring everybody home at a body bag. Is that what they want us to do? At rate is really early. I just, the media just suck. They really do. I mean, there's nothing anybody could say about the media that would be low enough to be honest. And they're like the doctors. They're like the doctors. Yeah, they're much of wars. They're much of wars. They're much of wars. Well, I'm paid for a, on the Sun Sentinel today. There's a small article anti-CNN cold warms. If you, with your connections, maybe it's an information on where people can contact this coalition. They're going to try to get Peter on that removed from Iraq. Great. And fact I have that in my hand. Or where's the article? Or a on the left. Well, there it is. I got it right here. Thanks a lot. Have a great day. One more point. Please. Yes. Oh, there's going to be a power play after this is all over between a random series. And now the man behind the throne in this country is with only made public a couple of times. And it's a very small article. Our Johnson UNO is a 211 series. So I don't know how much influence he's having on this whole thing. And I'll hang up now. Okay. Thank you. 12 minutes after 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 5249463 and one in Palm Beach 655 WIOD. She kind of led me into the civil move that thing up, George, to this break. No, seriously, because I'm page 4A, I have it right in front of me. It's not a big article, but it's in the digest where they have a bunch of columns in a son Sentinel and the third one down says anti CNN coalition forums. And it's about a coalition of conservative groups. Far beyond for me to be conservative in this case, but this transcends partisan politics. And they're working desperately to get the CNN and its correspondent Peter R.Net removed from Iraq. The stop to propaganda voice. If you want to read it, and if you want to make 8 million copies of it and the kind of help spread the idea, pick up today's son Sentinel. Okay. And we'll be right back. Now we're in good shape. Peter, juniors in here. No, you're right. They have just their lost, but I know you're going to say something. I'm going to get hysterical about. No, I'm not. Okay. I'm laying back on this. I spoke my piece a while ago and we'll just let it go. You have your words. You want to go on. Yeah. Well, what does it help us that mean? You just got saying not only do they have short attention spans, but they have bad measures. Very short memories. Like what? Well, okay. What are we talking about here? The presser or the war? I don't know. You made the statement category. I know what we're going to do with you. I think I'm in that page and then don't give up a map. No, I'll tell you. The Peter R.Net thing. You still feel the same way. Yes, I do. You think it's great that he's there showing all this. Let's say you again. Yeah. And then they're manipulating that. In other words, you're not saying that. In other words, if civilians get killed in war, that's something that we should feel bad about. Is that what you're saying? Of course we should feel bad about it, but it's off. In other words, we better for our troops to get killed. That would be okay because that's us. I'm not saying anyone should be killed. I say no. No, that's what I say. No, drop whales on them. Yeah. I've had it. So I'm here. I thought you were going to say something intelligent, but I should have no, I doubt that. Okay. Well, at least I got you to give it off on this. You're on said, wasting your own valuable time with it. Four hours on pussy cats yesterday. Valor's been it was upset about my dog almost died that day with a penjillette. He would have really loved that show on cats. No. I don't know what to problem is you people have a problem with cats in the neighborhood. Almost everybody's got a microwave nowadays. You do it on the day that the maid is coming. You do it early in the morning. When the maid comes, she just swabs it out of there. You got no problem at all. Well, see, there once again, the 405 seconds on slow cook. I think it would be good. A lot of the blame put on the cats when it should be on the owners. You know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, what I'm getting 20 smoke out of the pot. He's got ding-dong school. It doesn't have any microwave here in this morning. You guys like folks like the carpet. He's smoking a Persian carpet. I wonder what that means. Well, it's a tough, you know, I wonder what that means. He's smoking a Persian carpet this morning before it goes in for his big meat with boy Gary. By the way, Al Goldstein sent me a giant salami in the mail. And also sent something else with the two. He said, take me to your ruler so he sent me a ruler. He made this big salami. I think it was wishful thinking. So anyway, guns, see if you can find some of that around the building. We did some special for you. We spiced it up a little. All right. Okay. Yeah. Enjoy it. Thank you very much. Okay. There he goes. I'm talking to you. I'm talking to you. Good night. Yes, sir. Several things. First of all, did you catch Saturday night live the beginning of it left? Yeah.