I mean, look, once you've come right out and said and that everything is a bunch of crap, and that Miami is really white and clean, it's way to great to clean you. And we ought to be proud. I didn't say that. Well, though, what do you say? And I mean, it sounds better like you wanted you to turn around everything in the world, just to satisfy the way you view it. No, I like to see some of these replays that you know that most just like last night on that clip of the rocket, why they had that every wich angle, but sideways. Yeah. And these others, uh, well, I already told you they did a crappy job at televising the game. And the lack of replays was part of it, but there were some of the things that were so flagrant. I mean, apparently there were two and a half minutes to go. Did you see that? No, I did. You didn't see that. Well, I wish you would have seen that. That was embarrassing. I mean, the score is 46 to three. The quarterback is sack for about the 400th time in a game. And he just reaches down. He's standing over. He just reaches down. Grabbed his helmet, twist his head, and a flag comes flying in immediately. I mean, it was just pointless. It's just totally pointless. But kicking somebody in the face, which we're also famous for, but that's another story. I agree. There's no need for dirty luck. You can play top, but you know, that's a play 30. OK. I'll tell Dennis who said so. And, uh, and let me sit and you said about that, Sheila, but you got Louis Oliver back there who has spent stood over a couple of people this year and glued it over his, uh, his anics. And Mr. Prue, when they were losing their ass in Washington, doing his gyration. So, you know, go chew like a lottery, except for. You say he wouldn't stand for it. Well, there's still playing. Well, the only reason Prue is playing and what has been playing is because of injuries. He played a lot when Clayton was, I like the bottom line is he may put up with a little, I'm not saying that the dolphins never do anything to be embarrassed, but to try to compare, to try to draw a parallel between their, uh, the way they comport themselves on the field and the hurricanes. I mean, you know, there's no comparison. And he wouldn't tolerate that. I'm telling him. Oh, I can do that. And neither would I. And neither would most other coaches at any level. College or profession. I don't think down at Derek and he's bad for taking the truth out. I, I, I, I never, I never met the guy. I don't know if he's a bad person or a good person, but the fact is no matter what he, what baggage he brought to Miami, the fact is that here at the end of, by the end of this season, he is absolutely positively at the end of the second season here. He is part of this thing, part of this whole mentality, okay? They've won him over. He encourages, he's a part of it. And, uh, for better or worse, that's what you got. That's what about it the bottom line? Is they want him to win? You know, and that's where that's where it all comes. Well, like I said, Colorado one last night, I didn't seem to want to be that. They'd be the pretty dang good team. No, and one other thing, Louisville, you, they had half the number of penalties of, uh, and they already, and they haven't. Yeah, and they haven't. They haven't. And, and 10 penalties. So they weren't playing exactly. Yeah, but their penalties weren't personal fouls. They had clipping penalties. They had holding penalties. You know, hey, listen, you can have a lot of penalties. And again, that are stupid penalties. You see a lot of holding and a lot of clipping penalties. But when you got eight personal fouls in a non-sportsman like conduct, something's something is out of control somewhere. And, you know, they listed what they were, and then he was too, they had to be too face mask, a shoving. And then they started what they called excessive celebration. That's what they do the other 15 that got thrown into the thing is if they were a face mask. And that's what they say. They, they, they sell the right out in the air all that mean. That's the only thing they do, right? And they was like to say, I think there was two penalty, two clippy. Oh, are the two. Okay, all, all are real reassess. My whole, what I saw yesterday is that I know you're right. I just like to know what to heck on, I would have liked to see the one, the first one, because I think that's the tone. I don't know if you have damn bad it was. It was bad, okay. But no matter what I say to you, you've got it. You got it all sorted out. I don't really have a great thing. 1214. I mean, I could spend another 10 minutes with the guy. And I've, you know, most of the people who have called him just agreed to send the agree on, which is fine. But I'm not, I'm just not going to sit here having him just to rationalize the way everything, because basically he saw and heard what he wanted to see in here. And that's fine. Okay, because most everybody else in this town did also. Let's go to North Miami Beach. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. In other words, you, you don't think that the penalties was severe enough, is that it? What? I say, they walked penalized for them this behavior. Yeah, and they deserved it. Yeah. What about how many yards they should have had in penalties? I'm talking about their behavior. That's what I'm talking about. Well, I know, but what, what, what, all right. What did you want? Did you want to double file on every page? You want 30 yards in penalties on every plate? You should make the world worth the beer. No, maybe the coaches should get control of the team. That's the points. Okay, I don't know if I have to draw your diagram. What I'm trying to say. Yeah, let's have, let's start having some 40 yard penalty. The fact is, it didn't make any difference. How many yards they had in penalties? Because they were so superior. And I was shown at the beginning of the game. And you got to first and 40. They had a third and 18. The pass was incomplete. But Texas was off side on that plate. Okay. Then they come back at third and 13. Erasing completes a beautiful pass. First down. And when you've got first and 40, and you can make the first down, does that tell you how much better you are than the other team? Does that set the tone for what's going to happen the rest of the day? And it did. It's not a question. How many yards you want to team to be penalized? It's a question of whether you want a team that is representing the major university in this community and your town, back like a bunch of thugs. And it's been going on now for three or four years. And a community obviously loves it. They eat it up and the media love it in this town. Or rest of the media are appalled by it. But in this town they love it because they certainly cover up for it and defend it. And believe me, you'll hear a lot to that tonight on this station at 605. I, you can bet your life on it. And that's the name of the game. That's the real world. According to us. What? 20 after noon. Well, I thought there was more. What can I say? Nobody called him with a guy's name from Channel 7 at Paul. I was wearing that, uh, pup 10 for a sports jacket. That was the most bizarre. What? Well, that wasn't right. The guy's name was Palson. Or somebody on one has got it? Hello. I thought it was a high-law this week. No, the guy's name is Palson. They never seemed to be poor. They're not pausing back or? Well, you know, another thing I mentioned, I wouldn't know his last name anyway. Well, I can't actually because of that idiot, that was a court point. He has the end. He interviewed Chris Dorge after the game. The guy's in tears. This is last game, you know, any comes up and he'll go, right? I got how you doing? Uh, the guy's trying to be nice on saying, sir, sir. And the guy's going, well, you played a great game. It's part of the fact that you're lost. And you're going to do great in the pros. And it's going to be a big pick. And he just pounded up and the guy's in tears. He's got his face in his hands. And that's television, sir. I mean, I was just happy to see. Just get up and level him and just walk away. Exactly. It would have been great. It would have been better than more downing. Well, and before that, he was interviewed. A budget assistant interviewed him. They wanted to do his own talk. Oh, that must have been great. That must have been a very insightful interview. Yeah, he was just short. The room was a man. So he was three guys in a room. And he's laying on his bed. And then, and then, tips and after while you nervous, and he says, oh, look, I'm shaking. And you know, they all got a good laugh. But he was shaking in the end because he had a space in his hands. And that idiot, Corso, wouldn't leave him alone. Yeah. I'd say, take Dick by towel. Jim Velvano and Corso, stick him in the desert and give him a map to Baghdad. Ever great day, Craig. 1222 at Wild. We have an open line in Dave County. Pretty sports intensive here on your sports. And neurotic doesn't. I'm going to say you're sports neurotic station, but that's like such an understatement. It doesn't even come close. Somebody will have to find a word. Obsessive is not enough. We need a battery of psychiatrist to be able to examine and unfold the sports obsession that this entire, it's like, Be sure, the sports mafia controls this entire operation here. It's quite of anything else. The sports is where it's at. If they have to pay $80 million for the rights to the dolphin game is exseason and everybody else has to go to the Camille sauce for lunch every day. Believe me, that's, that's just the way it is. I'm trying to open this thing up. Oh, she's. Like I said, the sports mafia at Wild. Oh, hi. Joe, how you doing? Get an haircut, Joe. Come on, people are making jokes. Sunny. Jeff, I, Jeff, great job. Jim, come on, Jim, get the towel out. You're soaking wet. Anybody would tell you this is a terrible movie. Don't go and see it. Obviously, well, you know what you got several degrees in film. I guess, you know what you're talking about. Because I'd much rather see pumpkin head or a talk radio. That was, wow, Steve. You're right on top of it. And to be able to get on. Let's go to a Fort Waterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, I think that's, I don't want to bring up the Miami thing. I think he's set it over and over. Well, what, what more is there to say? You know, the people have already made up their mind. We're going to cover it up and know the rest of us. You know, what is there to say? Yeah, I want objectives of the program. I'm a North Carolina state person. I heard you mentioned about that. Yeah. Isn't that amazing ABC does this big expose. They uncover this gigantic scandal that he designed to have the biotech contract. Oh, God. And they hire him to be the sports analyst to do NCAA basketball. Wow. That's so mouthful. Maybe they, maybe they can have him check in to make sure if there's any point shape and go on either game. What is the thing is the university did clean exact up and they're getting a good person in there to try to straighten it up. Right. But getting back to Miami saying, I don't know if you saw this. It's six has a sports cast called John Dudesman. John Dudesman. John Dudesman. Yeah. And he's out the orange volum and he's starting to scream and I don't care what the CBS people say and Miami's the best sports town in the country because we have that hockey thing. Yeah. We got the hockey thing. All right. It's right up in his gut somewhere. If they open up his stomach to pucco fall out. I couldn't go to hockey in there. What is he talking about? Can he get the thing? Yeah. He said we have the team. We got the thing. That's pretty. So I was wondering if you ought to see him. He was alive. Shemook went to him live before the Notre Dame. Oh, man. He was at the orange ball. It was just a joke. And then this great sports time came. It's out there. Yeah. This is the greatest sports town in America. We got a team that went 12 and 4. One of the best teams in the whole league. And we're going to play Kansas City on Saturday. We've had several days to go. People are by tickets and bingo. Yeah. They know champs. And they know you've got zero. I know. I said something to me. You know what I mean? I just wanted to see a shootman say that. Well, I'll be sure and miss him next time. I think he was, I think my screen-day game was blocking him out. He was late today. Thanks a lot. Okay. Yes. He didn't know. They've game is great. Like, when you have civil disturbances. Like when we had the, what they called riots in, uh, windwood two weeks ago. And channel six because they don't want to get people of steric. They had their man in the street. But Dave Game was staying. They're blocking everybody's view. And that way nobody could get over emotional. get over emotional and the things come down in no time. I like that. A ham brick in Jacella not too happy because he keeps coming in standing in front of the camera at front of the set in the middle of these six o'clock news they're getting pretty peot about. Homestead. It's homestead gone. Yeah come here. Okay. Hi, first of all I'd like to tell you I recently moved here from Los Angeles. Well welcome to a real melodic place. Well you don't know how much you light up my life every day. I miss people like you. You know you guys really tell it like it is. Well you guys. Well everybody. Yeah Jeff the forest goes the gackie. We tell a like it is. Yeah you well at least you kind of try to show these people here that they somewhere out there. There's a class that there's a better way of doing things. But you know something maybe it's good that they're hurricanes are like that because they represent the community. And I think they reflect this is a community with no class. So why should they have it? Well let me tell you what happened to me. Remember a couple of months ago when the guys were doing that dance and national TV. You know the hurricane? The La Bada? Well whatever they call it anyway I have a 16 year old that's a hurricane fan. I try to show you know what sportsmanship should be like and of course they're not it. But I call the PR office of the hurricane right. And then as I say told me that if I didn't want my child to see that then I didn't need to have him sitting down looking at the game. Right like the guy said before if you don't like it turn it off. Yeah so it was really it was really embarrassing and the woman was so rude. Really? I said well I like to talk to Mr. Erkson. She says well you're really not interested in this man because you're asking the players to be penalized. And they don't deserve to be penalized. It's an emotional thing and you know just like a few of us can be emotional so can our football players be a human. Wait a minute she said that? Yeah. She was really funny and you know I was cute but I started to say look I'm going to get in my car. I'm going to come down there and hurt you. Right. She's a crap out here. Right. Prove that you are emotional exactly. Yeah and it was really embarrassing and I was like if I didn't have a job and if I wasn't like you know head of my house right go down there and tell her you know a thing or two. Yeah tell her the ticket right where the mundo and shy. Right. But she was like hey you know they have a right to do whatever they want you know they're excited they're on TV and it's not and if the Miami team is so excited about seeing us TV then hey you know they're acting like. They be bad man that's what it's all about we be bad okay and if anybody don't like it too bad. We be bad. Maybe they need to stop criticizing buffalo you know at least buffalo sells out there team. Yeah you know I'm so glad you mentioned that because boy after we came back from getting our asses kicked in buffalo unfortunately. I heard endless and I and it was legitimate. I mean on and on about the rowdy buffalo fans and how they were throwing rocks and crap at the bus. And right from the time the dolphins got there in the press and everybody from Miami they were just abusing and the caring on it and you know that's legitimate but you know if we heard that much about that I'm going to be real interested these next couple days. How much I hear from these same sports reporters about the barbaric behavior yesterday in Dallas. Well we do see the letter in the Miami hair off from the mayor of Buffalo. No. And in essence what he said was that you know he laughs last has the best laugh so I guess you say hey we win the sentence if we care what we did to you. Well that's a bunch of crap too. Yeah but I'm freezes ass off up there in a lack of water. Well he was down here on vacation. Oh well send it back there okay we don't need him here we got enough we got enough trouble makers here already. Yeah but another thing I like to share with you is I can't believe the unprofessional visibility. The third new casters here and the guy you were talking about is Paul Zeta. Is that his name? Yeah. Did you see him? Yeah I think him all the time now it's time I think. What is this story he looks like a comedy routine from Saturday night library something. What is that all about? It looked like we do surgery on a bad day without the mustache. Why not they had a mom and he had he was a his daughter's ballet cyto and he was doing the sports from things. It couldn't believe that you know I said he's a cry how did this man get a job. And it doesn't say much better you know for tells 7. Well that's for itself. Well you know but anyway thanks a lot for making my morning so you can do it. Well listen just get a grip on life because if you're here for the long term it's going to get a lot worse. I'll also be after my son goes to college I bought it here. Okay good luck. Good luck to you too. See you. Okay another rumor is he was singing that to the pedestrian after the ego game but that's just a rumor. We still have no further information on that. Sanchez hasn't shown the hide near her he hasn't shown his ugly face in here since. The reports which probably of course are just a lot of propaganda started by the people of Channel 10. Maybe he was in with a pedestrian with a truck is that possible with that big diesel truck in Channel 10 man. Platinumot they look like an ant on a bad day. Can you imagine if Dave games steps on Anson as a backyard? Woo! One in seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction and while others find it funny to those who have it it's no laughing matter. It's called frequent burping syndrome. It's terrible. I'll be on a date or a business meeting and yeah. It keeps me safe. Do you want to happen? Frequent burping syndrome. It's genuine your life but it doesn't have to. Now there's a clinic that can help train specialists sensitive to the needs of compulsive Belcher's a special place known as burp hinders. Gosh, burp hinders save my life. Joanne and I were in love. I really wanted to ask her to marry me but I just knew that when the moment of proof came I'd let out with a big ripper. You know? Burp hinders. No shame, no guilt, no more tummy rumbling, smelly belches. No more stopping in mid cities to uncorporate a big cheesy blaster. Just caring professionals and to help you need. Don't wait. Here's the number to call. Five, five, five, two, eight, seven, seven. Five, five, five, five. Burp hinders call today and stop being so gross. Okay, 1235, WODC. Sudges in the building already. Look at that. And he's got his time jick a blow up doll with a dark board right over his butt. Look at that. Oh, good shot. He's just warming up for later on. Now I'll repeat what I said before. He said he but he missed it in yesterday morning's paper. Jick ahead his predictions for 91. And he showed where he's coming from. I mean, he just has it in for Rick Riley, just such an extent that and poor her Suds of course gets sucked in along with all the negatives because he's just there for the ride. Well, no, he doesn't hate you. He just hates Rick and you just take all the fall out because of your partners to do back. But the bottom line is jick has no credibility where Rick and Suds are anything that goes on and afternoon programming is credibility is gone because he's got a personal vendet. He's also personal friends with Hank for years has been race track buddies. And so the PC wrote about you know, Hank will be on in afternoons and WOD while he's up and have this great back to Becca. It's so garbage. Tom and you just, you're destroying your credibility. You're hurting yourself Tom. What are we going to do with his Tom? Who used to be okay? Now he's getting a little fresh. Look at how we're going to do with a guy like that anyway. Maybe we'll learn a little bit about him. Maybe we'll learn a little bit about him. Can't. That'll straighten his ass out. Okay, all you student intellectuals. By the way, we got cost for coming on Monday. Wow. All these pseudo intellectuals in South Florida be guided by your radio from ten to two on Monday. Bill Cosper, the foreign and film Naven. Mr. pseudo intellectuals will get got father three. Two and a half poultry stars will be our guest to probably talk about the great movies like Well, I don't know the names of them because they all have foreign titles. Prop 37, Lake Worth. Hello Neil, how are you feeling? Okay, so far right up to this moment. I've got a few questions to ask you. Okay. I'm going to make some way. I'm going to make your list as the sanity ax murder acts away five days a week. And yesterday show you a tremendous. Yeah, well, I wasn't here. Yeah. But the question though was the moment you were talking about. What do you mean? What are you talking about yesterday show? I wasn't here yesterday. Two days ago. Oh. I'm sure it comes and you mentioned Tommy Neppetism. I've never heard him, but I'm sure he was a good player. Do you remember him? Tommy Neppetism. What is his man talking about? Well, the change is something, right? Are you on the mushrooms again today? No. I agree with you about the hurricane. The sprays won't discuss the 15. Yeah. Kind of like he's on the rental celebrating with that piss pump. I like a John McEnroe. He's a back there hurricane with that. The hurricanes are the John McEnroe of college. Exactly. But I get one of those. I always a lot of fun in the airport. I will say that. Briefly, in closing. Yeah. Saturday I had a radio suicide homo. I called a guy who called me a dummy and hung up on me and get all the steric holes on Saturday. On Saturday, I live in Palm Beach, County. From 10 to 2. Couldn't have been on W. J. And all. It must have been. It could have been. It was. Who was that? Alan Burke. And he ripped. Oh, yeah. The dean. I just said hello to him. It was open phone. Yeah. Talking about other radio people. And I said hello. He was talking about other radio people. I thought the dean didn't do that. I must stop. Talk to you, Tommy. He did get to call me, dummy, at the end. Wow. But he talked about other stations. But he doesn't really know what they're doing. He's a very pompous. I mean, I'm a pompous man. But a nice guy, I'll be here. He really, really. He does not know who real Neil Rogers is. He's a recena. And I've been to your remote. I was just going to simply ask him why he started Neil show. And compliment him and say, I heard of you from Neil. Can I, before you get excited, can I tell you something? Alan happens to be. And I don't say this about too many people on the business because most of our people are going to be a nice guy. When I had my stroke several months ago, he called me at home. The Seattle was feeling he had some very nice things to say. A couple of occasions when a ratings have come out. He's called him. What the message is to graduate me. So, I'm spite of all the stick on the air. He's a pretty good guy. Well, Neil, one thing he said when I get off the air. Ben, for twenty years, but he's a good guy. What that man said about Neil Rogers, meaning me saying I like him. Could have him, he's enough to have him committed. And he said, don't ever call my show again. Yeah. It wasn't pretty nice guy. I'm not familiar with you. I never saw his TV show. So, I'm already. Well, you had to be there in a very specific week because it wasn't on and long. Well, it makes it sound, he sounds like he is amazing on all of them. That's messed up, Mark. Say you, Tommy. It closing. One more question. Please. And call them. Are the horses running that day? Do we get to watch a race? Of course they're running that day. What do they think? They're going to go out on Monday when there's no racing. They're racing. They're going to drive us just there for you. I'll send you a room. Well, bring a lot of cash. I can't give you some big amount of cash. Hangr give you some big winners. Neil, thank you. I'll see you next time. Okay. We're holding our own. 1240 at WIOD. We have an open line in beautiful Palm Beach County. All of the Dean, on the flee flower. Oh, hey. So this call is on a boat. Now, you know what that reminds me yesterday last night after the game. The cotton ball. And I'm listening to this build that's coming out of 610 on my dial. And Jeff de Forest is presiding over this massive cover up. And it was a call from a guy. I think it was on a boat. Was it on a boat? It was anyway. He said that he and a bunch of his pals had called up CBS and they got through to the truck at the halftime of the telecast. And they threatened they were going to make this guy an offer. He couldn't refuse for ancestor or whatever his name is. They were going to come up there and they were just at a eclectic. And the whole town was ready to riot because of his outrageous comments, etc. Ridiculous. Card sound. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yes sir. I was in Card Sound 45 minutes ago when I got on. Okay. I held a record for a fire line. Not even closed. Not even closed. On two things. One. What is that penalty? What do you mean? What? Over in Phuzie. That's for carrying on like some kind of a nut件. It's very subjective. I don't care about any of that. Like I said, I don't like any of that for many teams. So as far as yesterday's game, but I mean, I didn't have that little bit of a childish to call it. No, I think the celebrations are childish. Yeah. But I mean, don't you think it's to put yourself to that point where you're just calling it Yes sir. I think the whole, the whole that whole topic is two. You've got a great show today. I got one point. I was back in the back about five colors back. You had a guy that was talking about the one and I think it's the same when you mentioned about the guy with a coat that did coat. Yeah, general seven. Okay. The guy with a trench coat that we're trying to do is work on channel six. I'm sorry. Okay. The guy that he was talking about that was saying, and I don't want to hear about it. We've got a hot heat team. And we've got this. And we've got that guy. Right. And then the douchebag. No, you got douchebag. And he said, and I am sick and tired of hearing about all of the crime in Miami and all of the bad things about Miami, German famous. I didn't see it. Okay. Well, it's a great beginning when he first got on. The guy is going in to whoever he is John and John. Can you think of no name as a police fire in behind me? Well, he haven't had any. He wasn't getting ready to watch his own news. Like because the news on channel six was so morbid and depressing. They started out with the first homicide of the year. And then they went to a child molestation case. And then another murder somewhere. I mean, it's just the first the first. The first story is we're up to make you a bar. Yeah, it's our hometown. Yes, sir. Show Neil. Good luck. You have a great. Okay. Well, I don't have the trumpet out, but we'll put for long cold. Okay, because he's been laid out cold a few times in his life. No doubt. And many times. How many of you are found? And the same to you, sir. Finally got a chance to see God's father. And I liked it. It was very good. Wow. It's good as the first two, but not but pretty good. Enjoyable. I thought it was a good one. But you don't have any degree in film, so what the hell do you know? I thought the portion about the money with the bank and all that stuff. I don't think they explained it well enough for me. Really? I didn't go to stand there. You gotta go see it again. You gotta go see it again. Believe it or not. The second time is a charm with that movie. The first time I think you're all wrapped up in trying to connect it to the first two films. And then the second time you go see it like in and of itself. Uh-huh. Well, I'll do it again. You know, I just thought the kind of movie I wouldn't want to see. And the second time you're over the shock of seeing Sofia. And you just kind of forget about that. I saw a Tommy shoes named after Sofia Lorenz. Wow. Maybe from the neck down. Anyway, our Miami native and the Garcia did himself proud. He was trying to mend his performance without standing. I think he's going to get a supporting, a best supporting actor, Academy Award. And uh... In fact, the movie's been, yeah. Michael Diocienne. Does he die? I mean when he falls off. Oh, of course. Oh, you gotta go back and see this again. Yeah. I thought so, but you know, I just wasn't sure. I thought maybe just had another stroke. Oh, well, I'd say you are well, there's hope for all of us as Bill is calling it. In fact, uh, no, it's my perfect, if you had less and very closely, but at the end, he brought back his famous line from Dog Day after known as he was falling off the chair. You didn't hear it? I'm dying out of the air. Yeah. Right at the end. And the dog looked and said, yeah, it looks like it to me. And the dog actually went into the little dog walked over. When the dog was trying to get that orange that was on the ground. He said, I think Marlon Brando once had that in his teeth. Okay. Well, I know you're setting me up for the bad news. I never touched up for the bad news. There's never bad news with your nails. Yeah. I got the replay of the call. Talk about dying over here. That's what most of my horses have been doing in the stretch lately. A colder, but we'll see what happens today. Okay. Here we go. Like the bell. What? When you're neurotic, that's a way of goes. Neurotic repetition. Oh, excuse me. We're just talking about management here at WIOD with SUDS. That's my opinion. I'm my Disney. Hey, you butt out of this pal. Okay. Get back in there and do something useful. I can't think of what it might be. He's all right. He's a good guy. When he's out of town, which is most of the time he's here today, so you better watch it. Disney's here and he's probably on the phone with Denis Erickson right now saying, Pay no attention. He must have had some bad grits over the holiday. Dennis, we love you. Ooh, we love you, Hurricane. That's my opinion. I'm my Disney. Probably getting a razor from Victor Kaye and the slut my wrist. You can't slit your wrist with that kind of a razor mic. I'm sorry. And look at this. Eight minutes to one and Mr. Riley is walking in. Wow. Are you guys showing up at Cater Friday? You are? I don't see him nodding. Is that Rick Riley showing up? SUDS who of course is now you better be at the game this Saturday by the way, both of you with the playoff game, or I'm going to be really pissed. He's not going. What's he going to do? Three men in a baby again, is that what it is? So it turned out to be a really choked on that cigar when I said that. So the good news is for a said, the good news bad news, his wife's test turned out to be negative. Remember that lady friend he had in Miami a few couple of months ago? Remember her test turned out to be positive and it's twins. Two men in a baby and a girlfriend and a partridge in a pair of tree. And he ought to insist that he's we didn't know he had it in him. Well, neither did he. That's the problem. They're going to come out there. Greg is that's how how we doing I saw Phil before he was congratulating me about my comments about the hurricanes and seconding the emotion. I forgot to ask about our parking passes for the game because I got I'm going to get tickets on a 50 again from fat rich for the playoff game. And also hopefully be up there in the box to see all of our good friends and others. And but I got to get that parking pass. I mean that's the thing about Joe Robby stay. If you got yourself a good parking pass, there it's a piece of cake. No problem. Get off that turnpike. So you go right in there and after that if you got a good parking to pet your in heaven. You don't screw you. Dear field. Hello Neil. I'm doing okay for an old guy. I'm in old. Well, I guess what I have got a cotton list for you. Oh boy. That sounds original. That's almost as original as the battle of the tacos and begging for food eating on the air. We'll go ahead. You'll like this one. Okay. Cotton courses for athletes at Miami University. Yeah. Are you ready? Great Neil. I'm ready. Okay. We can have this. Subtraction addition tricky pal. Number number one. Number nine. The first 30 pages of a tale of two cities. I'm dying on the hand foundation of a class of a classic. Number eight. sandwich making. The final project required. Number seven. Number seven. Alumni owner hotels, restaurants and car dealerships. The interlocking economy. Number six. Put your own shower joke in here. Number five. The Denny's menu. Reset discoveries. Number four. Number four. The bunny and the wolf. Shadow workshop. Number three. Weki Drawing. Number two. From first love to looker. The film in sandwich Susan Susan Day appears naked. Number one. Number one. Yeah. The poetry of Hank Goldberg. Wow. Heavy as they say in my backyard. Heavy duty. Heavy number one. Well hey. I got WFCL's final report. Okay. We can handle it. I heard this on a Steve should. You have a day. Who Steve? The guy with the 18 major master's degrees in film. Yes. He said that he's going to have a guy on the weekend. His name is Phillip Benfield. He's supposed to not make green from our Saturday morning. Oh yeah. Make a go over there and slap him around with their purse. Believe me. Well he said that just guys from Los Angeles and Garbage. Yeah. Yeah. He's been getting 10 shares and all that. Heavy duty. Who's been nobody able to hear him. He's five to get your little. What about Shirley? What is her name now? Shirley is Goldfinger. What is her name? Madam Gypsy Rose. Yeah. What about that? Oh. She's Shirley. I love you. You're a wonderful person. But on the air. Okay. Shirley. You and the. Having one. Have a great life. You too. I mean Steve. Like I said, I give you all the credit in the world. The guy is a great BS artist. The great salesman. He's been able to take a station. It was like off the air. It makes something happen over there. But let's face it. It's like trying to resurrect W death. We have an open line on the star line star. I. Oh. D. Carol City. Who are just knocked my cigar all over the place. Carol City. Hello. You gone? Okay. Can't talk to Carol to there. I guess. Open line in date 7519463751 WI. D. Hollywood. Ticking. What the hell happened all of a sudden? We were kicking ass here. We were on our roll. I think the cans are great. So you know, that's the funny part about people. If I'd have come on this morning and I just said, hey, screw CBS and Scrawley's Billy, he's word great. I'd have had four hours of people kissing ass like Jeff De Forest did last night on the sports. Jeff, you should be ashamed of yourself. Okay. But the gackies got his picture up on the sports office door. There's got the man of the year, Jeff De Forest. She'll have the year. What game were these people at CBS watching? They were, when that was nothing funny. But when they watch you know, I'm a mouth. Man, I haven't heard so much whining since I heard Alice on yesterday. Talk about whining. Whining. Why? Oh, Tom, jika, Tom, jika. Man, and then to talk about how Rick Riley winds. And then they are, I mean, they play that stupid jammer. Go think about it. Won't you write about me, Mr. Richick, and all that crap? And your Alice is going through this thing about, well, jika's always had this Love affair with Neo and he only writes about Neo. And actually, Steve put him in his place, which I was shocked. But Steve likes to fact he writes about him. So that's okay. Although, I noticed he didn't mention Mr. Riley in his column yesterday. And he still hates him like poison. That's what the Rick just said. He can never mention my name again. I still hate him like death. But he did say, I hope that if he has less some horrible accident, he doesn't suffer a lot of pain. Hollywood. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. How are you? But soon. Yes. I don't want you to get ripped for doing four hours again on the hurricane. Let's go back to Godfather 3. Okay, I just got my degree in analyzing the films. And I thought it was a bigger than both of us. As they used to say, it was John Holmes movies. You're going to get ripped again. I just wanted to touch on a couple points about the game. I agree with some of the things you say. I'm a hurricane fan. I've been going to the game since 65. Okay. I agree with a lot of the things you say. But there's a few things you would agree with me that a Craig Erickson didn't have all those that he'd be pretty good looking. Yeah. But he is a good quarterback. He's not good. He's outstanding. Yesterday, setting aside all the other stuff. Because I've never thought he was that great. I thought he was okay. He is good. He's really good. He's really good. Now listen, you're going to hold on, right? Me? Yeah, because I got to the news now. Okay. And I usually don't hold people over, but you haven't even said hello yet. And then you'd accuse me of cutting you short. And I think that already happened. Hold on a second. Okay. Okay. We'll get to one in Hollywood as soon as we could all of me forget that. Because I don't like letting these guys go to waste. And that's what Elaine always says. She said she didn't let any guys go to waste. Elaine, come on. Are you really that desperate? In fact, she was hanging out with Santa Claus after Christmas day was embarrassing. Or some guy with a bearded. And father time on New Year's. Now you realize we're going to count that time. We're taking that on at the end of the newscast. Okay. So the ticker may start early. Rick and subject to a sports talk at 605 Hank Goldberg 82111 tonight. Hurry it up, Elaine. 106 at WIOD. And what are we doing? We're doing our big one at two hour here. Mr. Riley. Well, I hate that when he starts with that. Mr. Riley and Mr. Bennett. Oh, Steve. Whatcha? Now you were about to say, hey, happy New Year. Hey, listen to that. He's got that Tom Jick look today. Cut all his hair off. I'm sorry. Who me? Just a joke. No. So how you and Tom get along just came in and say, go Cains. You said make sure like, jick is standing in front of you when you do it. By the way, what's his name? Old Chuck Meyer. We were just talking about this out in the hallway. And he concur as wholeheartedly. Yeah. He said that Dennis Erickson is an unmitigated douchebag. Well, he got it. Got a paraphrasing. They like it that way. Well, I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I just know my score. So I didn't. I don't watch 46 to three games. I just can't handle it. I just like have a life. Well, I was, you know, I watched most of it. I was flipping around the head of special thing on the making a godfather again on E on that network entertainment that working. Yeah. Which was, you know, I've seen that all, but I watched a little bit so then I kept turning back because there's nothing else. But you have, if you change the channel, there's another football game on, you know. First of all, you're sports a hauling. I'm not, but college football. Yeah. But you know what some of the Michigan State US, again, I'm glad we won. But it's, you know, I'm not that much into it, but it was just the idea of this was more than just a football game. It was like a commentary. It was like a social happening. It was like more aberrant behavior coming out of Miami. And I threw, did you see the Sun Sentinel? Did you see the sports section, all these clips from articles from papers in Dallas? I am a whole thing at our interview. But I mean, they got clips from all these papers all over the country. And I'm sure there are tons more. And they all just ripped the crap out of the team and this community. But they need to talk to the team and they say, hey, we're happy. We're all in the right place. Well, you know, because they've been, that's the way they've been. Yeah, that's the last year of that. We're the last year of the year of the, yeah, the things. Yeah, the thing. Yeah. And probably of the winning two kids, all the seniors are graduating. Now, the one game I did, you know, all of all games were just blowouts. We're just terrible. Well, not exactly. Yeah. We had here in Miami. The blockbuster bowl the other night was a great game. Yeah. And the orange bowl. That was a great game. What about Washington, Iowa? The third, the third, the four. Rolls ball. It was, they accept it. I didn't watch. Except it wasn't like a sea saw thing. We were always out front. Well, no, you're right. The blockbuster bowl was a great game. And the last night, I just, I don't even want to, I can't bring myself to talk about it. Because I'm so emotional thinking that they were going to blow it again. I mean, Notre Dame has pulled so many out of their butt at the end of the game. That was just, they are almost, they are the most dangerous in the last 90 seconds of the game when they're behind. That's when Notre Dame is the most dangerous. That's right. And they did everything. Colorado did everything they shouldn't have done. But it was an exciting game. Why did he put the ball out of bounds? I mean, everybody, everybody in that stadium. Everybody watching, even Bill Wall, who's been very confused since he's been on television at NBC. He said, he's got to kick it out of bounds. If he kicks it to the rocket, you know there's a chance they're going to blow the game. And sure enough, he right into his hands and boom, seven guys missed tackles. And he's gone 91 yards. But do you think if you wouldn't have clipped him, that he would have got it? Oh, gosh. Got why he's gone for getting it. If it wasn't for the penalty, there was a great run. It was a great run. Who's a great run is right. He's no Sammy Smith. But no, he's okay. We can, uh, such is. Is he, does that say it for you? Yes, that's what his girlfriend said. And uh, so when's the game came? My good friend Tom Jekyll just made my new year. I'm reading along, you know, one of the things I love doing New Year's day is just relax. I just, uh, I, you know, I think I said one needs to be said. But she had minimal credibility for the terms of your show and whatever is after No programming. Now he has no credibility. No, no, what is feud stems from, though? Exactly what he continues to prove every time he opens his mouth or writes anything. The fact that he's a prejudice reporter. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Well, Mike, and I were conferring on that. And then, uh, part of the, uh, a lot this afternoon, as he was on his way out. He said, well, I'm here late. It's one o'clock. Well, you know, he gives you the idea that it's supposed to be his opinion. I, he writes a TV radio column. And if he's critiquing, I can understand that. He's writing comic or critique. But it seems to me, he is the radio. And TV reporter. He's writing a column where he's analyzing the new shows or whatever. I can understand that. But where he's supposed to be reporting like ratings, for example, to color it or delete things purely because of his own prejudices is unacceptable. That's right. Because we are, you know, it's not like Tom and he's a good friend. The point is you guys have great numbers, which he completely overlooked you. There was like one passing sentence. Well, he gave it to you. He gave our numbers to you. Yeah. And anybody who follows Neil's going to have great numbers like Alex Ben of the course. Or a lot of that other. And it just is amazing to me because Tom, you should have had one. I criticized him. He can do it. You like poison. Well, he just said he said you had a hemorrhide the size of the pimp. And it was the size of him. Which he wanted to hear. He wants to figure one and that. The size of Dave Gaines. Well, he said he hoped that it led like a leaky faucet. I don't know what he meant by that. So he's, he's winning my argument for me. Every time he puts a pen to the paper or you can hemorrhide. So another vehicle of another show to just rip me. Well, you don't he'll be on over there pretty sure. He just, he's an embarrassment. He's an embarrassment to the page that give him a show on FTO. That it's sort of him right. Yeah. Boy, that should, man, I should have put that on my way. Now, were you listening yesterday that you hear this ongoing? Now, the kind of they were going to find a pull-over here. And it was really pretty was she was. They were trying to rip her in the ring. And, wow, you know, but he's had a lot of success. He's like a warm glove. And, of course, I was wondering where Alice had the warm glove at the moment. He was talking about. And then, of course, about Neo, well, Neo was brilliant. And then, but he's not in cold. And he's, you know, he's, he'll be great now because he's got us to talk about it. You know, how did I survive all the time? Steve was in New York. Seems to me, I'm still here. I don't know. Seems to me, in the summer book, the whole station we did great. He was to love their recooliners. He also somewhere after getting canned. And we do find when he wasn't here. But he likes to believe that as long as you've got him to talk about, then you're doing great. And as long as he's not around, you just somehow, you just can't make it. I don't get that. How did before he came here from a getting fired four times in Orlando? How did I have any success in WS News? I had 10 and 11 shares of it. It's a miracle I could do without him to bash at WS News. Well, I'm glad he's there. And I hope he knows this. And I hope he's listening because the people that call it, Well, he said he would be listening to Alice. He won't be talking about the people that call it. Well, he said he would be listening to Alice. So what I say about the Godfather or about the homeless and how they're all a bunch of bumps, he won't have to respond because now he said he's going to be listening to Alice. Do you know what I believe that? Of course. Oh, sure. Like he is right now. Right Steve. So the fact is, what I was going to say, By the way, did you take care of your preneeds yet? No. Because man, they want to get like, yeah, you're right. Air can do that. Well, I mean, I've got a way to change the work. That's part of the list. But all of that. But geez. I mean, I don't want to be reminded every five of that. They're like, well, I could do this in the Chinese restaurant enough. I think it could happen a lot sooner. Maybe they think a lot more about generalizing the armpit palace. Is this the one that goes with Alice? Yeah. Oh, man. Well, seriously, it's a place where these, you know, coriander is a spice. And if you use too much of it, it smells like that armpits, like a locker room. And this place, they must manage much of the baby's. They're making a whole bite of it. And what around before they open up for lunch, I mean, just, oh, God. They have like a steam table and everything that you can see the Madonna's here, just everything rising up from there and a steam table. Just beautiful. That was good. Well, it is. It's like, well, it is. It's like, well, it is. And Alice just goes on a little while. It's about it. And then, of course, about the Corvette. You would love this comment about the Corvette about how he traded his in for his soupura and boy, Corvette is a wonderful machine, but it's very poor workmanship. And after 15,000 miles, they all rattle. He had it in the shop seven times. I've had five Corvettes now for the last four years. The only Corvette for the last four months. I've had four weeks. And I wonder why he bought a Corvette, too, by the way. Isn't that kind of interesting? Monkey, see, monkey, do. Seems like almost everything I've done in my life, Alice seems to, Well, we don't want to win it. But why did he ever buy a Corvette? And he, I've had five vets, including the two 91s I have now. The only problem I had to of them had the ABS breaking system went and the light comes on. And you take it in one day, they fixed it as other words. He no problem. Other than that, I haven't other than the rattlesnoders, which come in no extra charge. I had no problem. They run like a top. They're fabulous automobiles. And like I said before, I don't have to show. Thank God, because I wouldn't do it for Patrick Maria Toyota. How do I have to come out and say, well, you know, I really would rather have my Super than the vet. Because he knows I love Corvettes. And the world isn't just a one car world, way more than so one restaurant world, you know? It's just a childish. So far, like you're sure. Exactly. That was the expression. So far. See, they can't accept the fact, because basically you have a bunch of people over there. Most of whom have no sense of humor at all. None. Oh, I know. I mean, on the year, I'm not doing it. I'll get her up to me. And this morning, Norm was whining all preaching. I had tried to listen just for like a little bit. Oh, Norm, I certainly. It's a good friend of mine. A great attorney. A good guy to know. Good friend. But Norm, I'm telling you, if you're going to insist on feeding your ego by indulging yourself in this. Embarrassing exercise, at least stopping so shrill in the morning. People don't want to hear pontificating and hysteria at 63730 in a morning. It just, it's embarrassed. Seems what Steve is program director. He should like know that. Well, like he said, right now, he's everybody do the wrong thing. But I will say, and I'll say it with you sitting here. I do give the guy credit, because I know this is a brutal business. You've been out of work. We've all had our, sitting here. I do give the guy credit, because I know this is a brutal business. You've been out of work. We've all had our working for Ansel's management. And the guy with his line of BS has been able to talk to guy who's had a failed miserable not-existent station. It'll let him manipulate it and put it together. They've gone out and written a lot of business. And, uh, it's something. I give credit for that. I'm not, I don't believe in this. Just come out and put in this contrived away. I'll stay and work great. I mean, there's plenty of room for everybody. Okay? And they've got that nice 40 watts signal. And, uh, anybody can hear more power to them. And you know the guy who called, what the hell they was Monday. Remember I stuck around 40 minutes. That's what I was just called here. And was going on and ripping you guys. I'm leaving. And during the news break, I turned on his, on with them. Sure. He's on with Steve. Oh, and he probably said this and he'll call you that and said you had more down and we're crap. And more true. And more down he didn't even show up on his show. By the way, stiffen. But you see all those guys that we get, which are like you can count them on one hand. And have no idea what we're about. They have problems stringing too fast together. You remember how long that guy went on? Oh, let me ask you. And then Rick, I want to ask you. They don't know what we're doing. And bless Steve for getting them out of our hair. Because they've been lost. Well, they're right. Although, do you notice now the trend we got a, the station at a terrible trend is over. We're not the one of those, uh, No, we're speaking trend. But isn't it interesting? People said, well, what's the biggest news goes off? You're going to have this windfall. We didn't bend of them. No. No. People were already there before. They're not going to come over here. Because they hate us like poison. Now, if they do, they're not going to write it down exactly. And the ones who can hear that signal are, and heaven, it's great. Hello, and the first colony. I was like, some 400 year old woman. That's what it's going to be. And they can pretend it's going to be fun and games. And the Steve has come around. Neil is right, you know, topical talk is dead and the heavy boring. But that's what they're going to be. And to Nick is there. And we'll be booking all of his old guests. The pro colleges be on and you're in Lady and the veterinary and we'll be on the one that's been on 4,000 times. And I'm telling you. There's an audience. As it says, it's the airport terminal. In fact, that'd be the place for them to get their new studios. Right, the airport is as a big sign. Introducing their format. There's this terminal when you drive it. I'm serious. You know, you want to go to the, and Craig, I'm the one thing I'm delighted. Craig Warding is one of the finest people I know in this business. You don't know him. But Craig is a super guy. He's a better. He's had a million rough knocks. Like most people in this business. He's been bounced around. He's a talent too. He's got a great sense of humor. And I'm just thrilled that he's got a job. I'm just glad because he should not be out of work. So I'm tickled it for that. Me too. And. No, I'm just, you know. Waiting for the gaps. And he went through this thing the other day about about. Well, Rick, Riley, you know, I know he would never give the money to the charity of Neil had. Oh, man, I point out something on my behalf. I got an all-in-all. Because I've gotten audited by the IRS twice in my life. Yeah. And the reason was is they didn't believe my donations. I have always donated a lot of money. Whatever I've made probably more than I well should. And so much so that the IRS didn't believe it. And I had canceled receipts from every one of these people. I have always donated and would have to the commercial. He's never even met you. He doesn't exactly. And to come on a year and to say he wouldn't have given it. How does he know he doesn't know you? I take my stuff to the salvation army to the good will to the Vietnam. That I can see money to most of what you wear. Well, that's where I get it, too. I don't play. We recycle. But the second point is, and when he says that if it wasn't for Neil doing the campaign, a lot of these people big shots, well, not wouldn't give. And like I said earlier, that's the idea of something you believe in. Running campaign to bring it to their attention and scratching their conscience. They'll say, hey, you've got some bugs. Let's help these people need to help. That's what it's all about. Otherwise there would be no purpose in doing it. And then he talks about why I live real great programming, too. What programming do we have a bunch of homeless people on here? How much do we talk? All we do is mention the total, open up the checks. And we occasionally give away or auction off something a value, a dorkable ticket. Some good things that people out there want. You know, I mean, I realize it's not as exciting as hearing norm, wine, and scream in a morning. But I talk. And by the way, norm, I'm going to tell you they were involved. No, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how to say this delicately, okay? Because I think to each zone, whatever anybody wants to say is the wrong business and all of this. But when you start coming on the year and talking about Norman, Norman's girlfriend and all of these other things that I was hearing yesterday, Steve, I'm going to tell you. It's just embarrassing, okay? It's just boggles the mind, all right? I just, I cannot deal with it. That's all I need to say about that. Okay. What I was going to point out with the $100,000. Is everybody congratulate you in this and that about that? Not them. No, not them. Not them. They're still taking cheap shots. It's almost totally different. You give the little digs of what you stay. But just step over the homeless on the way to work in New York, all of it. Yeah. There was a piece on it on the news last night again. My wife was, listen. Just curious. Listen. And they showed it was a local piece. And they showed these lines of people that were getting fed over the holiday. Yeah. And they were a genuine women with little children standing in those lines of homeless. So this crap about while it's mostly single man in their drugs and drugs. It's a lot of crap not to mention how many of Vietnam veterans and others. And all kinds of people from all walks of life. There was a piece about Dan Walker, the former governor of Illinois, who went to jail for fraud. Yeah. And who was now busted and he was homeless. And I was got like a one room place. And his whole, he works at the San Diego, the Cruelly, the Commitals house. That's his whole life now. He's dedicated to the homeless. That's what he does. And you know, it's very easy to just try to wash it away. You don't care. You're fine. I can't make anybody care. But don't try to fool who something that somebody else is doing. Give some credit once in a while. And that's a lot of page of the sentence. No, it was morning. Nine year old girl promised the dollar shit. Right. Because she maintained, I think, was an A average for the last year that she was homeless while she did it. And she's going to school. Yeah. So I don't want to point that out though. I give probably more than I am capable of, but there's a lot of people that need it. And I'm glad to share it. So that's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Thank you. Twenty two after one at WIOD. The folks at Toyota of Hollywood want you to know. Step on it, Mike. Man, did you hear that? Listen, well, we give you the finger. This one. That's when you chime in. Okay. One twenty six at WIOD. Now wait a minute. Didn't I come back to you? You just just got to me after it. Well, how is that possible? You were supposed to be on after the news. I know. Almost time for the next news. Oh, that's right. Mr. Riley was in here. And we were, well, you're the first call I took this hour, right? That's it. Okay. Well, I didn't realize we'd have a twenty minute gap. That's over to Nixon's. I'll blame it on Riley. Why am I rosemary wood? Play with on James Woods. It's in his Z. That's where you'll find all the stuff. Really? What I was talking to you about is I said I agree with a lot of things you had said earlier today. Why do you don't have to suck around like they? You also disagree with how I do it. I got told you I've been a hurricane fence since 65 and I've seen them go through the 70s where they almost folded up the floor. Right. The soft times in the hard times, right? So, you know, my opinion's probably a little biased because I am a hurricane fan. But one thing that I thought that you were wrong about, Eric, and I think he's tried to clean up the image at you if I'm, I don't think he's really... Well, he's doing one hell of a great job on the point of day. Yes, that he was. Plasticed over news papers from coast to coast today. Yeah. Tellings. I think yesterday was a little out of context for what everybody thought. Don't you think there's a point especially when a game gets so lapsed? I don't you think there is some point in which the coach takes the players like, you know, during a television time out or whatever it is and says hey, enough of this crap the game is well in hand. Let's not make fools of ourselves. Let's try to at least get out of here with a little bit of class and, you know, and stop at no point would do that ever happen. I mean, you just know it didn't because it never stopped and you could just tell us, go do your thing and whatever it takes, go quit. I think they could have won 46 to 3 out the penalties. They could have won 100 to 3 without the penalties. Don't you understand it when you're starting at first and 40? The fact is every time that Texas put it above, my Emmy starts on a 50 art line. They always had a great run back. I mean, Texas was so outman. It was embarrassing. He almost felt for them. I can't stand their program or their friends, but it was just they were just totally out. I've got to thank a lot of people for getting the Texas was ranked number 3. They were going to, you know, they did a lot of things. They did a lot of the talking in the beginning. I think that's what stirred up some of the players. Well, they brought back that old feeling because that guy, they have Thompson or whatever he was, talking about how Miami wears the headbands and this and that and started bringing up all the old crap that they used to do. And I think when they got out there, they just went ahead and went on with it. Because they never started war before the game. You know, I don't think that makes it right before the game. But how about when the Texas players were being introduced and all of a sudden, guys are running out there and I mean, what the hell was that all about? Yeah, I agree. Yeah, that totally inappropriate, totally unacceptable. It's just not the way things are done. I mean, there's a certain kind of ambiance that goes with a ball game and certain kind of unspoken rules that you behave in a certain way and it's just this. You know, unfortunately, if you ever seen a sporting event, I'm trying to think of any, like it, like take basketball, professional or college basketball. And let's face the basketball's going to be a very physical game. I'll try to remember some of it. But you just don't see, I mean, once in a while you get a fight and all of that, a brawl, but generally speaking, you don't see the kind of haunting and the kind of show-boding and the kind of hot dogging and the kind of just rolling on the ruley out of hand, play it, it just doesn't happen. Unfortunately, though, I don't think it's the whole team was not to play him. There's a couple of guys that have been doing that on the team and everybody's going to stay Randall Hill. Well, that's, but that's my point. The point is that guys like Craig Erickson and the guys on the offense play all of these guys. Right, replaying credible game. I mean, just phenomenal. In the minds of a lot of people, it's going to be overshadowed by all this other crack. Well, and that's that's too bad. Yeah, but, you know, the other thing too is I wanted your call is really to talk about the celebrating. I don't see what the big deal is. I mean, if you make a play, why can't you get up and jump up and down and jump up and down? Yeah, but they have to go through all this. Jive as crap. And like, you know, a 20 minute dance and get out the MC Hammer and go through all, it's just that it doesn't have a place in sports. I just know need for it. If you see Randall Hill, there was a jackpot. I saw the whole I saw it, believe me. I just, I was embarrassed for him. I really was. Yeah, if he had gone a few yards further at the tunnel, I'd have been a lot happier that we wouldn't have to see it. But a good point, Ericson, I think, has really up until he came and I think he got frustrated because I think what happened was they had a penalty thrown on him and then I know one of the comments. They get frustrated so he says, drop dead. Well, and it gets 15 more for running towards one of my conduct. According to one of the commentators said that if the team didn't back up, he was going to throw flag because they were getting too close to this sideline on the white line on the sideline. I think he just got fed up with it and just said, I dropped dead and they probably threw a flag on him. I mean, all alone. I like the way you just, you know, if you had read what actually took place, released what was reported, it isn't just as simple as that. Okay. I agree with you. I did. My addition to which Chuck was telling me when we were discussing in the hall, I don't have this for a fact, but the rumor is that after the game, the officials called Ericson in into the officials' room and there was a meeting and he came out morning and pitching and cursing him. Evidently they called him in and maybe he's going to get, you know, after the game? Yeah. I didn't know about that. Well, that's what I've heard. But one quick thing, and then one time, the line to the one, this, I know he's tried to discipline a team a lot because take one or county, for example, please. I'm so glad he scored a touchdown for his, after being suspended for two weeks. But he suspended the guy for his last two games in a season because of fighting with another player and then talking back to a coach. And I didn't even know he was going to want to play this game. You know, I know that he's not the kind of guy. I don't think he's the greatest coach in the world and if I could have Schellenberg or back that love to. But... Now, I've heard of Bill's foundation for this program. He planted all the seeds to enable it to become what it is. And I'll say it again, what he's done at Louisville. I mean, they just... He should go to the year. Alabama, yes, to the year. He should be coaching you. And there is a man and you know what, how are we here? He and I had our moments because in those days I was doing UN baseball. And one day I made a comment because they had the old-timers UN baseball game on a Saturday. And on the same day they scheduled the UN, the green... What do they call that game and the spring... whatever they call that? Not the green and white because that's not our... whatever they call it. And I made a comment about it on the year because we had almost nobody for the baseball game in Mark White State. I mean, this was a game like Randy Garrow was playing his last game and a lot of other seniors. And it was a shame. He called me at home. And he said, you got a problem? I said, yes, I said, I think it was very poor judgment on your part to schedule the two games opposite each other. You could schedule a game any other weekend or any other day. And by the end of the conversation I had him one over, okay? And so he was a tough guy that he never ever would have tolerated the kind of crap that's been going on for the last three years. Not just yesterday or this year, but the last three years. It started under Jimmy Johnson who created this whole image. And now, eras is either out of control or is encouraging it. Yeah. I don't think he's encouraging. I mean, you had a lot of guys or seniors in graduating that knew that whatever they did is not going to affect him. Well, let me just tell you this. In spite of whatever the media says in this town and whatever the fans say here, it doesn't take a brain surgeon to figure out that what was seen on national television yesterday wasn't a positive for the University of Miami or for this community. I mean, that's not debatable. That's a fact. That's true, but I just think I don't know. It's hard to say because a lot of the stuff that that happened, you really didn't see it. And you don't know everything. Well, I saw enough of it that are really it made to turn my stomach. Well, you know, I saw enough of the reputation. It's so bad that when you do do something, I think it's magnified. And I think a lot of the teams they played this year came out expecting Miami to be like that. The San Diego State game, it seemed to me like Miami, it was the opposite. It seemed like San Diego State came out, you know, ready to brawl. Well, my point is I'm not just trying to single out Miami. There is no room for it in sports and especially in college sports. I mean, if we've gotten that far, we're winning. Is that important that we now have to have like put brawl. Then we're going nuts. We just lost it. Thanks a lot. You know, then let's, let's start being honest and just pay the guys and let the dummies all out of school and forget about education and just pay them and make it the minor league or call it semi-pro ball or whatever you want to call it and stop putting on an act. Okay, because it is big money. It's big commercial. There is enormous pressure to win and to perpetuate these gigantic power houses and these empires for all of these coaches. I think it's ridiculous. Give me my Spartans and three yards and a cloud of dust any day. Have a great day. One, 34 at good old WI, O D. Hope it line a day by the way, 751, 9463. The soothing, that's what we need. Little soothing music to relax these savage beasts. This calm down, get it out of our system. Like I said, three hundred years from now, nobody will ever know the score much less than all the other craft who care. Just the game, right? Just the game. That's my opinion. I'm like there's power. Just relax. Stop being so hyper, Marcus. Just the game. Okay, have a good time up there, Sam. We're lucky, you'll need it. Pomp it out. Danielle. Yes, sir. I'm not a college fan, I don't care about that, but good. You know, he said before the 49ers don't have to be dirty, but when they play Cincinnati and Cleveland, they could publicly set their 30th sheep shot artists in the league. But they can order a pro, they can get away with that. And then he's CBS, makes millions on that game yesterday, so they can say what they want to do to their pro. What does that mean? What does that mean? They can say what they want, the other guy can be cheap shot artists, because their pros, the homicity players get paid enough. Oh, you think so? You're positive with that? I mean, everybody's making millions on them. The school makes millions on them. Are you positive with that? And let me ask you. They might make $50, and they get the same score. I see, like, test the birdies not making any money now, and co-star. What if they get hurt? And then they'll hide in walls? So what about it? They get hurt. There are a lot of professions like that. You can really be up for it. So I can't be too little dancer. I see. So in other words, they can be hey, they want people to make those big business and people are making money. No, what then was that? And what's crazy? How much points nowadays is it like when you're in this nut? I see. So I'm an old man in time as fast because how come college basketball we don't have this? Okay, but that's the problem. I see. That's not big business. The NCAA is presented. I don't like that. The ball. Oh, I see. You don't like it so it's not big business. So then what are you talking about? You're trying to rationalize something. You're trying to make acceptable the unacceptable sir. That's what you're trying to do. And I can't believe it. There's no place for it. There's no need for it. Okay. Hey, you were right about that. But I mean, what are you talking about? I'm not talking about. I'm just saying personally, I can live without that. That's not the crux of our conversation today. Okay. Right. I don't mind dancing in the end zone. I do mind dancing on somebody's head when he's down on the ground. That's a difference. I just think people make a big deal about college sports and it's not something but money making deals. Okay. Okay. You're right here to grade us now. See you. 140. Sockin' around. I'll catch you anyway. All though. North Miami. Oh, oh, oh. Can I ask your question. What's Corey doing in here today? What does he do in here? Is he going to be on your show? Thank you, Patrick. Oh, I'm asking him to answer the question. Corey's going to muscle. You're not going to play that song, are you? Oh, thank God. Go ahead, sir. What I want to ask you is going to say something nice about Jika. Bigger person? No, I said I've got a little something in my throat. Go ahead. I want to ask you. You're the talk show. Number one genius down here. Right. It made me. How many times you hit the button today? About twice. Okay. That's not bad for genius. Okay. Thanks, sir. That's the same guy I talked to called in member a few weeks ago. And apologize to all his jury at her friends for calling. But he's there every day. You're there listening every day. So if I'm a bad guy and if I don't hit the button, I didn't hang up on you ass. Hold you hung up on me. Okay. And you think that somebody who lived as long as you have to like about 110 would have learned by now a little bit better matters than slam the phone down on some great wonderful person like me. Slime ball. 141. Fort Lotto. Fort Lotto. On the ticking line. And it's not disappointing. It's ticking. Hey. We're ticket over here. Look at that. There's John Cameron Swazey sitting right under that line. Hop it over. Hello. Yes, sir. First of all, Neil congratulations on what you've done with the Camille South. Second of all, you've got my blood boiling. Really? Everything you've said today, I agree 100% with. Unfortunately, you are dealing with the objectivity of the Mami Hurricane fan. And the media don't leave them alone. Oh, you don't leave Jeff in D. Forest. Well, don't put all the members of the media who cover sports in this area in the same boat. Most. Some of us like to tell the truth. Some of us. Yes. First of all, everything that you have said is on the button. I find no problems whatsoever with any athlete doing a dance. Elmo Wright started a long time ago with Houston. Mark Gaffson had his side of justice on the defensive side of the football. Yeah. What golf me is what you said. There is no reason for anyone to dance when somebody said. Mami hurricanes were as well prepared to football team as I have ever seen. But they were not prepared for one of the main tasks. And that is to handle winning with class. Yeah. You watch Notre Dame. You watch Penn State. You watch Colorado. You watch Washington. That's an interesting point. How long you think Joe paternal would have put up with that curve? About five seconds. And the worst part of it always. After I heard the guard that you said goes on, your station. In terms of the sports department, the exception of Hank, who will tell the truth. Right. And not chill. Or might be so throw hurricane and so throw dolphin. That unfortunately you've brought it up yourself many times. Yeah. Penn R.B.R.I.I. want to try to tell the truth about the dolphins and all of a sudden he got in a little bit of a problem. Yeah. All of a sudden they won't let him come to the game anymore. You got it. So maybe. The show we were took away as parking pass to us. Right. The show we were doing was showing that managed does the showing that the Gackie does unfortunately. It seems like even a real good kid and a kid who knows sports and a kid who knows horse racing. Jeff the force is being dragged right into the whole showing aspect. Right. Didn't pay for the beer. Well, I have to say. I'm sure he did. But the bottom line remains that everything you said today is true. But unfortunately because people do not want to hear the truth. They do not want to hear objectivity. And if you don't want to hear fairness or justice, you will hear 35 calls all the else But can I engage CBS and stick around the game? The bottom line is the hurricane or the best team in college football. They do not have to act like jives, punks on a football field. Some of the chiefs. I saw yesterday whether it be Anthony Hamlet or Mark Caesar's chief shot or Sean Jones out of bounds. There's no reason for it. A lot of the reasons you wrote up today. I think there's a correlation to it. This didn't start with Dennis Darrytson. Dennis Harrison is a good guy. He is a good coach. He is told a lot of us with the me. I think he's full of crap. How do you like that out? Well, I think he's a disgrace. Yeah, I think he's a good guy. But a coach has no control over the component of his players. I got let me say it again. Let me say it again. I worked with Ron Fraser for six years doing UM baseball. Okay. And Ron Fraser would no more allow the kind of crap to go on and to get lose control of his players. Then he would to slice up his mother and all. Okay, it just wouldn't be allowed. So I don't want to hear that Dennis Harrison's a wonderful guy. And it's all somebody else's fault. The coach has to take full responsibility and the bottom line is he turned him loose. He said do whatever to have you want. And they did and they put a black mark on the university and on this community, which we need like a hole in the head. Okay, Ron, the button you set it to think we something I probably can't do because it takes me 30 seconds to say hello. But this started a long time before that coach, Alexander said before the season started, you would not put up with these kind of anics. And he really is. He put up with it all through the season. And yesterday he contributed to it. He lost control yesterday and this goes back a long way. I mean, there's members of the media in the South Florida area that are very much aware of the fact that in the San Diego State game. I just witnessed some bias hurricane fan. That's an all well. You know, that San Diego State game between like San Diego State, you know, the chip on our shoulder. There are people members of the media that know that on the play that calls the ball, Shane Curry, we did a good job once you got moved outside, inside to get some pass rush up the middle, gave a cheap shot to McGuire, knowing that McGuire made a great play. He was about to get stuck and he eventually got the two point conversion. They never showed the cheap shot by Shane Curry. They never showed what ensued after that. That after the ball started, Dennis Ellison, the university Miami, President Ford and most of the members of the athletics staff and the players are fully aware of the video that was taken place by three or four photographers that were on the sidelines and they all have seen it. And that is Darren handy, literally took a gentleman's helmet off and then kicked the San Diego State player in the hat. Right. Yeah. How about a helmet? You can kill somebody doing that. To me, it's ridiculous. What's even more ridiculous is to think that not one member of the media in this market has had the guts and the justice and fairness to come out and take a stand and if coach Ellison doesn't want to talk to it so bad, if no one from the university, I only want to give a center of view so it's bad. But stand up for truth. Stop rock and damage. As they say, one of the people who have tried to put out the gun, the first. Take a deep breath. As they say in a parking lot, as they say in a parking lot, a WS news, I wouldn't spit on the best part of it. Yeah, you know what I'm trying to get to. Don't you think it's a little ridiculous to think that a Miami hurricane player can rip off someone's helmet, the San Diego State game. Take them into head picture seven times because there's pressure for everybody in Miami. Oh, no member of the sport. We'll show that clip. Yeah. Have a great life. 147. Well, I was out on barto and he's getting hysterical. Okay. You think he just won 20 granted. Pompen or something. Okay. Appreciate the support and all the help that you're out of control. I like to control my people. What is it? Saudi Arabia. Yeah, how you doing Neil? Good who's this? This is Dell. Dero. Dell. Who? Dell. Dell. Dell. Dell. D-E-L. Oh, Dell. Yeah, I like it. Like Dell Frank. And like the Dell Viking. So how's things in the desert, Dell? How they're going good. How are you? How's the Hall of All over there? All right. Well, we brought in the new year. Right. And you just had the vice president over there. I bet you he left the spirit something fierce. Yeah, yeah. How's the child, Dell? It's child pretty good. Okay. I just wanted to call saying hello and happy new year to everybody in Miami and to you. Well, same to you and all our people over there. And we were all thinking about you and wish you the very best. You know that. Yeah. And I wanted to say thank you a lot to the South Florida community. We received lots of letters. Care packages. And I just speak very much about you for the South Florida. And I'll be here with you. I want to say thank you very much. Okay. Listen, come back safe and sound, Dell. I will not hate can I answer. I want to talk you off the air for a second. Okay. Hold on a second. Hold on. Okay. 140. It's a W.I.D. We have an open line in Broward 524. W.I.D. Don't let me forget him. I'll do the break and then I'll talk to him. And then maybe we'll come back. Our friends from next door. A channel 7 are here taping furiously. What do you people are trying to create problems for us? Man. Can't believe it. I hope you guys have the balls to come on here and expose this Grotesque behavior that went on yesterday instead of just being chills like those people a channel six the other day that Russell Schmucker, whatever his name is. Gotta be embarrassed you guys. And that is name Schmucker. Stick Dave game in front of the camera before they put his ass on Irrigan. He's embarrassed. And that on the area. I'll talk about Sally again if you don't watch it. Anyway, the New Year. You know how to shut these people up right? Look at that. They're starting to vibrate right in the studio. Anyway, the New Year is here and a lot of folks are making resolutions for the New Year and one of them. I know this is the rapidly thinning Johnny Dart is fading into a Bluffing and his numbers too by the way. Wait till a new book comes out. Over there at the coast in the afternoon. He's number one. Even Steve can't touch him and probably wouldn't want to. Anyway, get serious about it. I'm not going to say anything you've been asked about Sarah fits the rest of the day. It's 153 at WIW. Well, that's a rumor. Somebody slidls a thing out of the door and said her real name is Sarah. As in Sarah Lee, well, she gives me fits no matter what her name is. Boca. Yes. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm on neck. You're red. Thanks, Bob. Let's go to Boca. Hello. Yes. I'd like to ask. I'd like to first of all say that Hank Goldberg is my favorite color and a color. Now you're talking. For the dolphins. Of course. Okay. I'd like to first of all ask. I'm trying to get a hold of someone all day about how many people left for the dolphin. Lots. Lots. Not going to be pulled out. Well, we have to four o'clock this afternoon to get it on TV to get the black out lifted. I wouldn't bet my last two shackles on it. I'll tell you that. No, I'll probably have much or less. Well, let's see. We had to 25,000 left before month. You still there? Yes, I am. Okay. We sold 15,000 a Monday. A few scragglers yesterday. Why would say somewhere between 5 and 10,000? So you don't think it will make it. Unlikely, I'm less channel 10 by some all up. I think that would be the nice thing to do of channel 10 by all of our main tickets because they have the rights to telecast it Saturday. Do you think it did, uh, that they will 5 as many as they have 3,000 tickets for the game? Do you think it is of win? Like before who I've lost it at? Yeah. So there's a thing that will be telecast. No. I'm saying to you. I don't. I've been understanding the question. Do I think it's going to be telecast no way? Will not be sold out today? Very. Okay. 99 to 1 chance against. So my plan should be to go down on the game on that. Exactly. Go out there and buy the ticket and don't to hold your breath for TV unless you want to drive the Jacksonville. Huh. Do you think the fans will be supportive on Saturday or, no, because last couple games I've won too. On, been around 60,000. Well, maybe if we put some of the hurricanes in there, we have like a fist fight on the field. Maybe that'll stir them up a little bit. Maybe we can get them off their hands. The last time the dolphin fans got excited was the jet's game way back early in the season. Remember that? They were hysterical. They were up for the game. They were into it. They were more like an extra couple of points, which we needed to win again. And since then they've been in a coma. So maybe if they forget about the wave a little bit, they start paying attention to what's on the field. And learn what it is to be a fan. Maybe we can add like a touch duck as well. Need to believe me. What does that go for a single birthday? I'll take a game on Saturday. Well, we'll ask him Friday. He's going to be out there at Carter with a Friday. Well, ask him. Okay. You know, Hank, he's very timid with his opinions. Okay. Thank you. 155 at WIOD Miami. Neil, are you doing? Okay. Hey, I went for you. Well, actually a couple of things. First of all, I got to take a specific Saturday. Second of all. Miami's number one. And third of all. What did that guy tell you from Saturday, Ravi? That he wanted to tell you up the air. What did he want to tell you? He's a little sad to me. No, no. He gave me an address. I'm going to put together. They've got his wife sent him some of the best in Neil tapes and all the guys over there are listening to it. I wondered if I'd put a tape together a cassette with all the different ACN and a whole bunch of bits. I'm going to do that next couple of days in giving me the address to send it to. Yeah. Okay. Well, he's got a little sad. I thought he would tell you some heartbreaking news. No. Well, if you were over there in the middle of the desert, you could be able to say it to, I guess. Yeah. Well, it's time. I know how it is. Well, have a good life in, you know, how it is. I do. Okay. Let's see. That's what I'm afraid of. Homestead. Yeah. Hi. Um, I need that. You thought I had a question. Which image of malfunction with my name? What? What is your major malfunction? My major malfunction? Yes. What is your malfunction? Is it at the junction, sir? No. What does that mean? What is my major malfunction? What is your problem? Probably being fat is my major malfunction. Right. Plus talking to a bunch of goofballs is my major malfunction. What are you talking about? Have you been listening to the show? Yeah. I've been listening to your show. That's what I'm talking about. There be a behavior is unacceptable. Okay. That's not an opinion. I don't give it to him. Dennis Erickson or Jeff DeForrest or Joseph Gackie says anybody. Uh, you, there are a lot of people in the media in this town who in private will agree with you. But when they come on TV or on radio or in the newspapers, because they're afraid of the wrath of the fans and this whole thing, the devotional thing that these phony firm running fans gets swept up and they don't have the balls to tell it like it is. Okay. It's unacceptable. It's unnecessary. There are team of greater ability. They're the best college team in a country by far in my opinion. But there is no room for it. Okay. Period. No. What I'm trying to say is with the Miami hurricane team. I've heard you all they put them down. They won 46. 46. 2, 3. Wow. I'm impressed. Yeah. You should be. Yeah. And you know, even though you've never asked yourself the, how old are you, sir? Oh, the 9th. 16. 16. You want to be 17? Don't ever call the show again, asshole. 158 at WIOD. Let's go to Kendall. Hello. Wow. I like that 16 year old piss pot calls me on a phone. He's going to be instructions. What I should say and what I should talk about. Okay. What's my major malfunction? Yeah. His major malfunction between his ears and between his legs. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Yeah. About an hour ago you said something about OG. Now what about the function right over here? Being a commentator. Who? OG Simpson. Yes. You're a problem with him being a commentator. Is it terrible? What was that? Because he can't speak. He's like a goofball. He's terrible. Is that answered the question? You think he's good? Well, I think he's I think there should be more athletes commenting on ball games. Why is that? I think there should be more athletes who are articulate, not who are like barely literate. What do you think about these games? I think Terry Bragg and Bradshaw is pathetic. I think Paul Guff ballman. But why are he embarrassed? Well, think what do you think about these cameraman who can't follow the ball? Don't you think there should be some fellows up there who know how to follow ball that better? I think they're on drugs. Okay. I'm glad he took my answer. How about the poppin'er? We got just a few seconds. Great meal. I'd read with you 110%. Miami's a bunch of class list jerks. They're great football players. They need to learn some manners. Amen. Thanks. You hear that Dennis? You got it? Now listen, we got Rick and Seth coming along next. I'm sure they'll sue everybody out there in the audience. So get everybody into a real great mood. Get ready for sports talk at 605 at end then. If you think you've heard some real heavy duty, a funny dude, you're hurting addicts. Schilling so far in the last couple of days. Since like a six o'clock yesterday afternoon. Just wait because this is your professional shield station. We got Joseph Gackey and Sonny and Jeff De Forest. I'm telling you, if there are any doctors anywhere in town who need some serious business. Get their hurting award ready because man he's people are going to have a herniotic shield over what happened yesterday. They're going to go nuts. Okay? And then of course. So it'll be interesting to see what hand things. Right? George says, Don't care, it's terminal. Hank Goldberg, A.T. 11 tonight, have a wonderful life. We'll see you tomorrow morning again here on 610 Your Sports Narotic Station, WIOD.