Is there a year or pretty hefty check if I say so? That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. For another thousand, how do you like that? When you make the big bucks, you got suspended. So our total for Kimmelos house is a little difficult to tell. For two reasons. Number one, bubble head is she's not in the building yet. Halcy and who knows where she is. And the second reason is that the Pompano park on Friday, we did that Kimmelos house pace in the sixth race. And we don't have the exact number yet. So this coming Friday, they're going to present me with a check and we appreciate it. Thank all the horsemen. Very generous on their part. Thank Mrs. Peter Ren who came up with the idea. And thanks to a John Cashman, the Harold Dursin, Alan J. Finkelson, etc. We figure it's going to be about 6,700, what Harold Dursin told me. So that would, but we're not going to include that in total till we get it in our hand. If you know what I'm saying. So as of the moment, 87,810,65 cents, plus whatever Halcy and as told me about that was called it on Friday. And you can call in today at Kimmelos house in order to your tape and t-shirt and a part region for pair trees at 375-0763. 370763. Sales department is setting new lows already today. The week has just started. They're all crazy. They're all nuts. They're psychotic. They're brutal. Now didn't boon. Didn't his daughter call for the Died Dream that that they were coming all the way down here. Because I got news for it. I might have a little bit of that soup. There is no more food. I know, laugh all you want. I'm serious. My blood sugar is bad. It is bad. I feel like crap. So am I going to kill myself for these sales people? Is it worth it? No. I could think of a few things as worth killing myself for a land. But not for the sales department. Okay. So all you people want to bring food and try to force feed. You can put it downstairs. Everybody can enjoy it and dive in. Have a great time. But I'm not eating any of it. Don't even think about bringing it in here. Why? Just a hectic. We got all the football games on Wednesday. Rick and Suds return tomorrow. We have no sheep. Houseians not in the building. We don't have any idea. I got a little copy here from last weekend. We don't have any clue what's going on. Man, it is just pathetic. What? Read the board. That has nothing to do with today. What does that have to do with today? Read this. Don't get me excuses for that little pimple-headed geek that sits in there. I want a sheep. Okay. I want to feel like David Dough. I want to have my own sheep, damn it. Color coordinated. I want it like puce with purple polka dots. I want a sheep for New Year. This is your sheep station. I believe me when I tell you that. Trust me. This is your full of. That's my opinion. Yeah. I'm like this. Well, for what's he had it right? Anyway, it's ten minutes past headed. W. I. O. D. And if you missed the wider weekend, highly amended. They have a big crowd out there on Saturday. They had over 12,000 people on Saturday. Punching their brains out and watching the flamingos do their number in the lake. And they still have a couple of weeks to go. Don't forget. Still have through January 7 to take advantage of the great racing. The on beyond the flamingos and all the great food and the music festival on the weekends and the free merry go ride for the family. It's just a fun way to spend a great afternoon Tuesday through Sunday at high alia. In fact, this Wednesday, be another great day New Year's day. You betcha. They'll be racing a tremendous card. Go out there. In fact, some of us aren't working on Wednesday. Wouldn't be surprised at all. If some of us showed up out there on Wednesday at high alia park. So she's back as Bob Savage would say. And better than ever, gates opened daily at 10 30 first race 12 30 Tuesday through Sunday. See you soon at high alia park. Every since their first do at frozen pond, dawn and beddy have dreamed of going to the Olympic Games. Of gliding gracefully about the rink and then launching themselves through triple axel after triple axel. But now they'll well into their forties and they only threat they pose is to other skaters. You get a sense. You should go at now. Still visa wants them to go. They don't die. No, no, no. So for every day until December 31, Vs is giving away a trip for two to the 1992 Olympic Games. Watch it. With all the glory that's the Olympic Games plus a thousand dollars in visa travel is checked to spend. And entering is easy because every time you use your visa card, you've got a chance to win. So now thanks to visa millions of Americans are still Olympic. Just not like they imagine. Howdy, so the official card of the 1992 Olympic Games. Offerams December 31, 1991 must be 18-year-old and no purchase necessary. Voila restricted offer prohibited for official rules for 1-800-332-8472. You want to talk about it? Go have a nice day, Cheryl. I'm 13 in Wild. Anyway, this is such a circus here today. Man, all we need to be elephants in some of the initials. A four-later day on the starline. Happy New Year, everybody. What are you doing? Can I have you new year? Just Tom Denneberg? Yes. Okay, Tom, happy to be you, too. Hollywood, hello. Hi, this is Harry from Hollywood. Yeah, Harry. Hi, New Jersey. When is Diaz, Harry? NFL pregame show. No, I did not. Which one are you talking about? The yesterday before the playoff game. Before the playoff game, there were two of my hate to break the news. Yeah, you put the one. The day before the Houston Jets game, No, I didn't see that, right? Oh, my god, Jimmy Johnson's face was on there. And I just fell off my seat. Well, I'm sure glad I didn't have to watch that. You just discovered that? Huh? You just discovered that, Harry? Yeah. I'll tell you what thing the bears are one of the most important teams in football. Man, they get that ball down there inside the 10 yard line over and over and over again. And they ran plays, man. It looked even worse than us. They were just pathetic. That stupid plays. Dum plays. You put him back sneak with Harball, man. He ought to go back to Michigan, sneak on this. They'll sneak on. They'll sneak on. Why do you say that? What makes you think I'm hanging up on you? I don't know. It's two days before New Year is we're going to be best. I guess we're going to go more on, you know, but they also had this kid Marovitch. You know, he's a kid, uh... No, not Marovitch. Marovitch is dead. He used to play basketball. It's Marinovitch. Oh, Todd Marinovitch. They had him on. What a set of chap. Let's that kid's gun. Yeah. Oh, you haven't seen his lips. If he might be here. Well, he's been sucking around a lot to get that job, you know? Huh? I said, uh, it's that weather out there must be getting to him. If he might be, you know, like, you bash, Rick. Well, go ahead, sir. You can do it. Rick. Rick. I'll say his name. I don't know. You don't know the name, do you? Rick Ho. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez has chap lips. Yeah. Yeah. And the holy crisis. And uh... Hey, think. Sounds like you're already off to a great New Year's Eve hearing. It's not until tomorrow. I know. I love you, Neil. Yeah, I know. Sounds like you're going to have chap lips pretty soon too, Harry. You know the same bright as dance broad. The same fight as dance broad. You said that's what she acts like she has. Which one is that? Here's a koanga. Oh, you mean Penny. Penny and the Sally. They both have same fight as dance. Hey, uh, now I think you might hang up on me. I don't think Harry. Huh? You think what? You might hang up. You want me to hang up on it, don't you? Yes, you do. You want me to hang up on it. You don't you? I'm not happy to know you. 1015 at WIOD. Well, he wanted me to hang up on him and I want to make him happy. Okay, that's what we're here for is to make you people happy, damn it. Oh, what up? Is she ever coming in today so we can get that total from Camille, Sousin, know what's going on. And have a sheet so we know who Chuck Meyer has on today. It would are important programming is. We don't have another stiff basketball game, do we? Oh, man. Those who have basketball games, I want to tell you. And speaking of embarrassing, I don't want to get started because I can do a monologue that extra hours and 45 minutes about those best of tapes. You talk about embarrassing. I want to publicly disassociate myself. I have nothing to do with that. I have nothing to say about it. They play the tapes. It's up to them. I mean, you know, you turn on the weekend on the radio on this station over the weekend. Man, you might as well be in for a death wish. Unbelievable. Pathetic. The best of my ass is what that was. I mean, I can't get over that. I'm talking about stuff that's going to happen tomorrow. And tonight, and we're talking about last weekend. Okay, not this weekend. And I'm promoting. We're going to be at the festival. Flea Market. And I'm talking about something in Pompano Park that happened a week before. And it's just it's pathetic. It is so tragic and so demeating. And the thing I love the best about those best of tapes is when it comes to a break. I don't know who's running to board when those are on. But whatever it comes to a break, what do they have? Like, q sheets that they know when it's. And there's this long long pot every time. Every time there's this long death defined pause. And they just stops like in the middle of a thought in the middle of a life. And we go into some stupid spot and it's just. I can't get over it. If you were driving in too egg Florida, and they had a four watt radio station. You wouldn't hear anything is embarrassing as the best of fill in the blank tapes that we play on a weekend here. I just I can't get over that. We can't find somebody. Some drunk some mystery and some goofball. Some poor slob who needs like four bucks an hour or something out on the street. Who couldn't come in at least to provide a little under to entertain it. And love people calling and take shots at him or do something. Anything George would do it for three bucks an hour, which is twice of what he makes now. God, I just so I just wanted to say that because I'm sure that people listen to that. And they shake their head and of course the time is all wrong and I'm talking about it. It's dated and it just doesn't make any sense at all and it's. It's awful. And I got news for the show they played Saturday. That show wasn't worth hearing the first time much less playing the second time. Oh man, I get in that car and I just can't believe that it's on. I want to just put my fist through the dashboard. Ten eighteen a Wild Miami win as this. What is he as long as the meal? How you doing? How's it going buddy? Happy New Year to you. Thank you. Hey listen, how about the the oilers? Yeah, how about him? How about the jets? Jets are dead meat. Every day is something I will learn. You're another one. He had it that right down there over and over again couldn't get the job done. That's right. That's right. At least we got the Miami fan of feel great. Somebody stood up for us. He went to the store or fight song but that's the side of the crowd. Right. Well thank you so much. That's great. Just had the copy for a spot. I just did. Thank you so much. Go ahead. Now and now. Jimmy, yes. This place is so screwed up. Why don't they just close it down during our holidays? I said that in the million times. Like from a couple of days before Christmas till January 2nd, every radio station in America should be shut down. We should all be like go out to the track. Have a good time and just be left alone. Well I think it's a conspiracy that this thing has against you. Yeah. Anyway, I'm running that for the out of material here but I'm okay. Just have a good one and I said. Okay. 1019 in WIOD where it's going to be like Friday all over again. We got three calls on the board. It's everybody's out doing something. It's a beautiful day. They're all on their way to Haileo which is a bad break because it's not open today. And the Pompano Park will be open tonight. I should mention that. This much in the people's horse came in second Friday night. Raised very well. Unfortunately a Kelly Shepherd got out of a deathbed. The beat us out there. Smart ass. In 154 and 4 is sizzling race and we got second. So we're doing okay. Raised very well. And then of course Joe Pavia won all the other races Friday night. I mean what he won six or seven. Some incredible number he was winning everything. I score in Joe. We needed another half length on ours though. Here's a kid in Miami. You probably want a lot of requests which we are not going to play. Yes. Oh, no. Oh, that's what. Carl Spring, hello. Yeah. Yeah. I listened to that tape in the way the blockbuster bow. I couldn't believe it myself. I know it. Horrible. This station ought to hang their collective heads in shame. Okay. With all the money that Cox enterprises have if they can't take, you know, a couple of bucks and find somebody. Anybody alive. I mean if we have no shame and we'll put Meg Green in the plant guy on and grave line for quite a lot of that. We certainly can find somebody to do four hours on Saturday. I mean, I'm in a carb a mom she's going to hold the money. Play the jet next week. I'm going to. Yeah, right. Oh, that's right. And I was that was the thing that was most embarrassing is I'm talking about how a leg race sucks. Yeah. We're going to stick it to the jets in here. Oh, man. Talk about embarrassed. Pro. He can grow. Hey, got a lot of blockbuster bow. I went there neutral. The what? The blockbuster bow. What is that? That's that little boy. Hey, funny nail. Come on now. Thank you. What a joke that is. Yeah. Anyway, it's not really Karen who wins Alabama collar. Radical. Once I got there and all of them, Alabama. Yeah. My god. I get bruised up to make you root for Colorado. I need to really move the game to top it all off. I started. I don't understand that. I just can't believe that. But who cares? It's college sports again. Yeah, but I was glad you're Penn State in the fortestate and they weren't even the same crowd at all. I mean, Alabama. Yahoo's Yahoo's city is unbelievable. Yep. I think in the benefit of that. I'm just a football fan with the hook em horns. All those surreal Yahoo. nose pickers. I'm believable. And then, you know, I'm walking by with my, Gator hat and there is young F. You roll out the claw and stuff. I mean, just total. Well, they left the S out from later. Yeah. All right, Neil. Have a great day, sir. Happy New Year. All right. See you. 1022 will be right back to your Georgia stand over there. What are you reading? When you're reading a book on the wall over there, let's do a little business here and make some money. 1992 kicks off with a bag. News talk radio 610 W. I.O.D. presents a spectacular football double header. New Year's day at 130 F.S.U. Takes on Texas A&M in the cotton bowl. 5 from Dallas, Texas. Then it's back home to Miami and the orange bowl. As our canes try to wrap up a national championship by knocking off Nebraska. Count down to the cane begins at 5. Kickoffs at 8. It's an explosive double header. New Year's day. Exxosibly on news talk radio 610 W. I.O.D. To send a child to college today, cost a lot less than it will tomorrow. But now there's a way to stop the rising costs of college and lock in today's prices. It's the Florida Pre-Paid College Program. Even if your child is in 10th grade, pre-paying tuition for a four-year university, cost you just $168 a month. And if your child is two years old, the cost to me is lowest $10 a month for a two-year community college. The younger your child, the smaller the payments. The Florida Pre-Paid College Program is financially guaranteed by the state of Florida. So you can be sure the money will be there when your child is ready for college. For complete details, go 1-800-552 grand or visit any first union branch. And obviously, the sooner the better. As 1-800-552, GRAD. Now you can be ready for college when your kids are. Orgert. Miami's driving force. You're super-right ordealers. How about third-wide? Now, if you discover 31st, Miami's ordealers. You're a little bit more confident. The government is a $1,000-a-port-car-structs-and-bands during the final four-code-down. It's the biggest combination of savings ever in Miami. Hurry. Now, you knew your Z-bomé. See what's new for 92, then get savings. Save a $5,000. Sign-and-s-in. Get 2.5%-codes. Thousands of boards. Every model. Every color. Every option. It's the final four-code-down. Carrus. Back. Get a thousand dollars back. Orange. Three years of 36-thousand mile. Only Miami's ordealers. They'll offer so many ways to save. But you mustn't visit a Miami-4 dealer. A four-new year Z. A final four-code-down. Hurry. Miami's driving force. You're super-8 ordealers. Crucian-4. H-O-4. You're Ford and Guestman. Shadow-4. How about... Jerk-Wide. Let me tell you something, Paul. The new y'all. Get suck. Ooooo! The Clarence Thomas hearings. And Willie Smith trial. Remitted Americans to that summer vision set. Now, cable TV takes court room drama. You are whole new level. Oh, God. TV. How will you judge? She wants to walk in. I'm driving half. I don't even know what that is. It's full court TV. Where Americans everywhere. I checked out food by the way. Mr. Smith. Exactly how much is. Oh, you can be. The abjection. She's feeding the witness. We're going to TV. I can't live the rest of my life behind. Family Park. That's 25 of a W-I-O-D. And I embarrassed Boy Gary. And he gave it a soshite. How do you like that? Look at that. He writes Neo Rogers show nothing going on. Only broken promises about no food in the city. Is that superior? I'm serious. They already said they were coming. But after this soup, that's it. No more of this crap. Okay. They're killing me in here. Except Thursday, of course. Bill O'Dilly's coming. Our Rick and Suds are obvication. They'll be back tomorrow. Chuck Meyer who did a tremendous job. If I say so myself last week, a sensational job. He'll be doing the game today. Bill O'Rilly of Inside Edition. We'll be here to give you a lot of sleeves. Rick and Suds back from vacation to our life from the original parade. Wow. That should be lovely, shouldn't it? Joseph Gackie and sonny Hirsch live from the Sheraton Bell Harbor official hotel of the UN football team. Probably charged in around somebody's credit cards tonight. They'll be on sports stock live from there at 605 at Hanks off again tonight. Boy does he like out? With all these UN basketball, all these bogus bull games on. He should have about a minus a six in the win of book comes out. The holiday bull begins at eight o'clock tonight. What the hell is that? Is that serious? Is that a joke? The holiday bull? Here's a lady in Fort Laterdale. Hi. I bet you'll be listening to the holiday bull, right? No, I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think I will either. You know what I like listening to, though. What's that? Saturday, two to six. Yeah, right. I do. I'm serious. Oh, oh. This must be Boy Gary's wife calling. No. There's nothing better to listen to. Those tapes are awful. No, I love them. Don't take them. You love it when I sit there and I talk about stuff that's already happened the week before. I don't care. You don't care? I'm like that other woman thinking, oh, are they really playing the whamber you said they were playing? Yeah, that's true. That's true. That's true. That's a good point. I don't care. I don't care if you're at the festival flea market. I'm not going to go there anyway. Yeah. So I like that right? I don't care if you're not great. Do what? Don't take it off. I love those best of tapes, man. Me too. In fact, let's put one of them on right now just to make your day. If you had my green and the gardener garden show, I wouldn't listen to that. If you had your rewands. Well, who the hell would? Well, that's a good point. Boy Gary can say there's nothing going on, but even if I sit here just belching for four hours, there's more than going on all weekend here. I've got to listen to that right then. Okay. Okay. Happy New Year. Bye-bye. Yeah. Finally got a lady on air who knows what's side it's on. Okay. 10, 28 at WIOD. We have an open. I think she had some excellent points. Oh, but line and Broward. 5, 2, 4, WIOD. Maybe we could combine Chris Rollins and Meg Green. We had the Jerry Atrick gardening show in the plant your money in the ground. Okay. See if it sprouts. Plant this baby. Yeah. Watch it grow. Okay. I don't think those people are called her show. Gonna watch anything grow soon. Miami. Hello. There they are. Yes sir. Hello. They look straight up. They watch the roots of those patounius growing. Okay. That's better. What was that? Is my sample, do you? Oh good. Well, I got mine right here. Yeah. I'm holding it. I'm telling you. Oh man. That go down good. The pressure is the old pop belly there. Yeah. So you doing it there? Do much better now. I was watching about five minutes of that stupid Howard Stern show on Saturday night and show online. Oh boy. His TV show is so bad. These youngers around here that keep talking about the Howard Stern TV show. These people should be embarrassed. And he was doing a snapplespot and he had some scatty clad bay bought there with big lungs. Uh huh. And he was feeling her belly and her toes. And kissing her ass and the man. I'd say that guy from there. And then millie vanilles thing they had on there. That was weak. That was pathetic. And it went on and on and on. He was my radio. Okay. Forget about him. This guy Howard Stern. I tell you know, it's getting those big overgrown women in there. You know, with those 60, uh, size, uh, you know what? I'll tell you. But listen, I just described the jet got there. But kicked. You know, you know, yeah. That was so glad about that. Yeah. Yep. Yep. And you know, and somebody that, before the year close, I could call a major major to. Okay. Let's get to it. Sir, because I can hear this call running out of material rapidly. And very rapidly. Yes. Like that guy was running out of material. Yeah. Okay. Don't be talking about anybody else. Go ahead. Let's get to it. Rudy Montios. You're a one list and a Rudy. Your major major to. Okay. See a 10 30. It's W. W. I haven't given any numbers out. That could be part of our problem. Today. We have one open line in day 751. One in Broward. Five two four W. And our toll free number for the rest of the entire world because we're big spenders. We like to brag about it. 1 800 944. W. W. I. 944. And three. Here's a lady in Miami. Oh, no. Hi. I had two unfortunate experiences this weekend too. I first saw I caught that Howard during show Saturday night. Week. And that poor June long card. I didn't see that. Oh, that. That guy was a long here in the fat base. That they always pick on. Yeah. I'm trying to lie and he was just hearing into her and abusing her. You mean, stuttering John. The real depressed fat base guy was long right here. Only way it was and the navel thing where he put his finger in her navel. Oh, the. So. I mean, what do they say are having guard or something? If there's nothing. Rebellious that they're just through to the they have nothing to offer. Yeah. So, and then. I think the right thing to offer was I watched on Friday night news. I've never watched a news here because I've been a town for so long. This Rick fan chat. I never saw him before and I'm hoping every stay of again. He was talking about. He was doing a newscast like the sportscaster would do it. And he was talking about King Todd. And at one point he just burst in the gig over and he skipped a whole line of copy, apparently, and nothing tracked. I mean, if you want to find out why King Todd had killed all these. You know, on the. Maybe he was sitting in the wrong chair and said, I'm Sally's instrument by mistake. Well, I have a feeling he's he's just it out. Also, and I just can't believe he's on the news. I think what what's his problem? I mean, well, he fits in perfect over there. He's a big fat face clown and that's exactly what channel seven who's all about. He fits in perfectly over there. Is this a new programming idea? Right. Well, it's not working. The hysteric it is working. They got gigantic numbers. It's the highest rated independent TV station in America. So just a Howard's to an audience with my amuse. That would have been right. Exactly. I didn't hit it right on the head. In fact, it's an idea is where and how it's wig on the news. Oh, how depressing. Okay. You answered my question. Thank you. Well, I think you have a little identity crisis. Just look around. You understand where you live and you'll figure it out. Well, that's where I don't live here. Where do you live? Colorado. Oh, you live in Colorado. Right. Play a game by the way. Nice game, you're the night. Oh, well. That's not something perfect. That's perfect. Have a great life. You too. Okay. Coming. This Christmas from bogus industries. It's the eye can drive like Rick Sanchez or game. It's a real life actual adventure game that uses the streets of South Florida. As a game board, start begins at Consolation Stain, a of Joe of East India. Where each contest has to drink himself to oblivion. It will get the highest blood out the whole level first. Those on to level maybe two. Run down the desk and the hall at home section of the game. There's the poor game police about to let any floor of the club of the different views to go home and give him license. There is often a final leg of the board game. The player in attorney, go to court and whoever gets off with the easiest sentence wins. It's ours of fun for the whole family. They eye can drive like Rick Sanchez or game. What do we have confusion? Mass confusion around here today. Thanks to our Enec sales department. Just have no clue what they're doing. That's Steve Paris, man. He can sign up anybody. Anybody in the world he'll pedal in a contract. But when it comes to servicing, when it comes to. I mean, you can get service to a lot faster at Kathy's house than you ever will by him. We have an open line and Broward 524 in the star line at star iod. That line's probably going to be pretty quiet today. Very little traffic today. They're already out there getting ready for tomorrow night and Wednesday. They're already working on it. And some of them have been working on it since before Christmas. Here's another lady in North Miami. New York. Hi, man. This is Mary Lou. You know me from colder. They'll lay with them. That was weird. Oh, it's a big joey. Big joey is your favorite horse, right? Uh-huh. Yeah, I know Mary Lou. Yeah. How you doing? Certainly. I'm just saying it's talking. Oh, I can't lose for women out there. Well, that's great. Yeah. Listen to you. I've got 50 passes. Yes. Hi, ladies. Do you want them? Do I want them? Uh-huh. What do you mean do I want them? What am I going to do with them? Well, I don't know. That's what I want to find out. I thought maybe you know it. Well, how am I going to get them? Well, I could mail them to you. You think you get them tomorrow? Uh, if you mail them out today, I might get them tomorrow. If not, then I'll take by Thursday. Uh-huh. Mary Lou. Well, uh-huh. I think Steve Paris has probably got 50,000 passes to Hylia. But if you want to mail them to me, you go right ahead. Yeah. And I'll give them away, okay? Yeah. That's what I thought you'd do. I'll head them out to all our friends out on the street. You can give them away. Oh, yeah. Yeah. What is that address over there? W-I-O-D. Yeah. My Emma. Yeah. Three, three, one, four, one. Three, three, one, four, one. Four, one. One, excellent. Three, three, one, four, one, you'll get it. That's what I did. Okay, mail them. You try and get what's up, bodies. I'll try. Okay. Thank you. Bye-bye. See ya. 1035, now we have to do a break. We just do a break. We have to do one. I don't know. I'm getting confused. I'm so far ahead or so far behind. I can't figure out which Do your glasses like to pinch you like this? Or slide down your nose like this. I'm so pressure your head like this. Now, lens crafters introduces exciting new features to make your glasses dramatically more comfortable. And about an hour. Enjoy the comfort of lens crafters spring hinges that gently hug your temples and are never too loose or too tight or the comfort of salt silicone pads. The gently and firmly grip the bridge of your nose or comfort cable temples. Softly wrap around your ears to stop your glasses from sliding. Only lens crafters brings you glasses that are just made for comfort. lens crafters glasses better fit for greater comfort. In about an hour. lens crafters with nine aerial locations to serve you and over 400 locations nationwide open Sundays and evenings. Check your yellow pages for the lens crafters nearest you. Discover inspiration and a bowtay. Your gift with any 1750 land comfort is that Macy's was a fly's last. Its man comes signature style cosmetics at K. Smartly tailored in black and white and boss vinyl. In the style point, six prize beauty picks from land comparison including the ultimate beauty brush-up a combination brow brush eyelash cone. Cloth caracel's mascara with caracene and reach the furred last and creamless color at Macy. Hi, my name is Bill and my name is Bill. We're identical twins. We look alike. We walk alike. At times we even talk alike. We even do the same things. Right now, we like to play twin bills. The Florida Lottery's new instant game. And what we like best about twin bills is that you can win of your five dollars. $50. Uh oh. Twin bills. You could win twice on every ticket. After $5,000, just match two prizes to win. So what does this mean, Bill? If that's your real name. Yeah. That's the sweetest ever we've ever seen. We've got a lot of money. A station that delivers, please set. Delive. A deliverance weekend. All week long long. You can qualify by winning video cassette to the movie delivery. This is your final week. Why are the two listen to the radio all weekend long? I'll say a thing. The grand prize winner will be flown to Golden George up for a minute trip or two down the Kahuna Lossie River. And the hoods and accommodations in beautiful languages. You can see the wear. Now it's easy to track this dance. Let's say the rattle. It's dance. It's the most easy good thing for all of these. Time to hear net babies. Will you like a fun? That's fun. That's fun. That's fun. If the deliverance weekend long, we can't bow. The station makes kids your life. That's a seven ten. The holiday boy. I don't get it. This sheet is even right. The sheet don't make no sense at all. It's seven ten according to the paper. We got the holiday. Well, BYU and Iowa. Man. I'm going to mark that on my thing right now. Make sure I don't miss that. 21 to 11 and WIOD. A pig reporting Miami. Yes. That's a big girl. Get together and patch up on eight seventy eight four eight seventy four. They're happy. New year from your Friday pigs on bikes. I think a picture of school out with a bang. Yeah. Tell them, bang this. Whatever happened at star p.i. d line. To what? The star p.i. d line. What is it? So we just call strict against the weight. No, we should have one. I'm sorry. We still have a lot of people. A lot of money. Yes, sir. You have a happy new work on it. I'll call the sisters right after I get off the job. I'll call them. Okay. And bag at you. Wow. They're in coherent. I'm starting to feel that way too. Maybe there's something in my snappled this morning. 21 to 11. We have an open line on the star line. Star I O D. And 1 89944. You know the rest. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. What's that mean? That's you. Oh, hi. Sounds exactly like you. I sure do. Meals. One of the many reasons that I love you. Talk about to it. Two eggs. Two eggs. One of the main reasons that I love. And I'll put it in talking. Huh? I said it's a great place. I have never been there. And that's one of the main reasons that I divorced the hunt. But we were driving from town to have a seat. We were going to have a seat. We were going to have a seat. We were going to have a seat. And I saw a sign that said two eggs. Wow. You know. And I said, please, please, take me to two egg. I want to tell everybody that I've been to two eggs. And he wouldn't take me. Can you imagine being a big boy? Can you imagine being married to a needy like that? Yeah. An asshole. I mean. We're going to divorce an asshole like that. I sure what if I was married to him? Well, I'm not anymore. Well, good for you. Right. Thank you for talking about two eggs. Okay. We'll probably do a remote from there someday. From the two egg diner. Will you take me with you? We'll take you there. No. Have a great time. Thank you. Bye-bye. 1041 at WIOD. We have an open line in Dave Boyd. The ladies are doing it today. Aren't they? Man, it's all we got. It's all we got are some ladies who are really loaded today. So to speak. Miami, Buenos dias. Buenos dias, Coma, South St. Ah, mediocre. Me, the OK. I've been better. Yeah. I've been worse. I've been worse. Two egg in the sun. Those were was. Right. Which means something else. I know that. I know that. Right. All depending on the shape. Yes. And the location. Yes. Yes. That's a terrible week. That's terrible. Woo. I took my wife to see the North Cracker. To see what? The North Cracker. The North Cracker? Yeah. You didn't see that in two egg, did you? Oh, hell no. I've never been in two egg. Well, you don't know what you're missing. Yeah. I'm babysitting my sister's in law. Yeah. The North Cracker? Yeah. How was it? I was all right. Miami, ballet. By the way, a channel 7 gave him 50,000 dollars. Give what? The North Cracker? No, they're my only ballet. My channel 7 gave him. How come they didn't give us anything for Camille's house? They haven't? No. You got to be kidding. They haven't given us a dime. There is not one person next door channel 7. Let's give us a dime this year. I'm waiting for it. And to cough up that $1,000 like we embarrassed them in a Doing last year. Yeah. They're giving it a bunch. They're giving all their money to a bunch of silly people and ballet tights. Right. What kind of crap is that? Oh, that is unbelievable. Well, people are starving. You don't want to get back at you because you'll be going to them more than. Yeah, screw them. Yeah. Well, I just want to say, send them a message of Sally. Tell them to stop our weights and bother. I've got power supply. Okay. And won't the joke. Happy New Year to you. 1042. Feliz Sonio and the Waveau, etc. We have an open line in day 751-1-browered 524. WIO Day. Rick and suds back tomorrow. Live from the Orange Bowl parade. And then Wednesday, we all got to day off again. Some of us. The big superstars. So they really played their cards. Right. Boy, they got almost the entire this holiday night mirror. They got almost the entire thing off this year. Nice work, guys. Here's a lady in Miami Beach at a Broward line. Who's not on the phone. Who's often back somewhere. Peddling it. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Speak to me. Correct? Yes. Ah, this is not a lady. Oh, it's a little punk. Well, you sound like a lady. Yes. How old are you? 14. 14. You still sound like this. Don't people make fun of that punky, a little lady voice? Well, what am I saying? Chances are following you. Judge of 45 are you sober. What? What? Do you understand any of that? bizarre. 1043 at WIO Day. Was that built Kennedy Smith? Smith? That was a little Billy Kennedy Smith. We have an open line in date. 751, 2 and Broward. 524 and 800 line. These people are really doing it. They're on that holiday sauce a little early. Here's a lady in Kendall Lakes. Hi, Neil. Hi. Today is my birthday. Oh, it's an upgrade. And I was wondering if you could play the little happy birthday song for me. Thank you. That made my day. Well, if that's all it takes you easy. And that's the rumor, too. Yeah, that's not what my boyfriend says. Okay. Actually, I want to tell my boyfriend I love him very much. Isn't that sweet? He's working hard for me today. He's working hard for you today. Yeah. Okay. What does he do? He works for a company called Express Computer. What does he do? What if he do that? He's the manager. Oh, he's the manager. Yeah. Yeah. Excuse me. Uh-huh. So he makes a lot of money. Good. Good thinking. Yeah, so maybe he'll take me out tonight. Right. That'd be nice. Some big bucks. Really, everybody I was forgets my birthday because it's not my own. I'm worried about my own. Yeah, everybody's getting ready for tomorrow. And they forget today's one. Well, have a real happy. I'm sure he's got something in mind. He'll be happy to give you a little later on. I hope so, Neil. Okay. I think you're terrific. And have a happy new year. You too. Bye-bye. 1045. That said, slap on those tapes. We got two calls left on the board. I told you this. Just an exercise pointless useless, absolutely a joke. Every line a day wide open, 751. Two open lines in Broward, 524. Tomorrow's going to even be worse because tomorrow's like New Year's Eve will get started real early. Boca on a starline. Uncle Neil. Yeah. Who cares? Who cares about anything? 1077. I mean, the chicks birthday. Who cares to rat us about any of it all? Yeah. You know, doesn't it doesn't matter? I called you a little while ago from Knoxville a couple weeks ago. I think I'm going back. Well, we hope so. It's not a bad town, you know. Yeah, it's great. My favorite. I mean, Florida is the best. Next in Asheville. It's the best. Right next in Asheville. Yeah, really. Yeah. You know what? We don't care. Really? No. Well, that's good. Neil, you're looking up there. I'll talk you later. See you. Okay. That's the essence of what's going on. He's called kind of a pyrmise the whole thing. Nobody gives a rat says about anything. Is the way it is. So I'm playing the rat. Okay. Today and tomorrow. If we have to be here, I'm playing lots of stuff. I mean, I can, I've been doing this a long time. All right. And I know when my presence isn't welcome in your home. Okay. We're in your car and your office wherever you are. Okay. Let's start from here. Why don't we start with rat 2 and then we'll work our way over to rat 3? Okay. Okay. I can't forget my heart and me. I just don't think you're my star. It's just me. I just can't open and be the hours feeling the ride. We're on the track. It's so matter if it's not going right. I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love. From the night before, I'm working for the night. You're the best. Thanks, Kevin. He'd like a driven. He can be the one who's come on a driven. I want to say, for two some other, He meant pass the tada, to your brother. Who you know what they're like in? If you even leave a bird on my head? Because when I'm meeting Turkey, If it's not a event, I'll lie. That's been a tiny bubbles. Oh, because we love the event, Turkey, If it's not a ride. That's 47 in WIOD or Deadhead Station for the 90s. Hey, listen, if you're tired of getting nailed by the porters out there, If they're making your life miserable, Here's the answer called the ticket defense team, A law firm that will do it for you. And fight those tickets and believe me, You better fight them because if you're one of those suckers, If you pay that ticket, You're going to get a conviction points on your record, Your insurance rate could increase and probably will. And your license, if you get nothing, You can be suspended or revoked and you can be so well as they say. And that, of course, if you get sucked into going to traffic school, There are a lot of people who think that that means no insurance rate hike. Well, guess what? Bad guess. All traffic school cases appear on your permanent motor vehicle record. They never disappear. So instead of being a sucker, pay the ticket defense team just 99 bucks And they will defend you in all non-criminal moving violations, Including speeding, careless driving and proper turning, Running red lights, failing to yield, and even improper passing. And believe it, appear for you if you don't want to go to court. Can't beat it. Here's their number 1-800-741 team, Or in day 3717. Their batting average is even better than Thai Cobb. I'll tell you that. In 241 cases, 69% have been dismissed or found not guilty. 89% of the people avoided traffic school, And 97.5% avoided any points on their license at all. So instead of paying through the nose and winding up, So well, call the ticket defense team, 1-800-741 team for many were and date, 377-832-637-7-7-7-7-7-7. Just because they're hurricane season is behind this doesn't mean you can ignore the weather forecast. Happy rings can slow down your morning commute. A cold snap to destroy your garden. And don't forget you'll need to know what the forecast will be when visitors come up north once you're at the take them to the beach. For actually weather forecast, stay tuned to South Florida's news traffic in the weather station. Who's dark way? 6-10-WI-O-D. Today, osteoporosis is a major health concern and getting enough calcium is so important for its prevention. But it has to be the right calcium your body can absorb. Citrocalcy is the right calcium. Citrocal is a patented form of calcium citrate. In fact, in clinical studies, 500 milligrams of citrocal was better absorbed than 2,000 milligrams of calcium carbonate, always to shell. That's right, you can take less but get more calcium. Ask your doctor to inform a system about citrocal. The right calcium your body can depend on. And tell your doctor to inform a system about citrocal. Oh, what kind of Mickey Mouse population is this anyway? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Really, maybe get this plummeted stain. He hit a local park using per base. Then let a girl there and wanted to play. His motives were unspoken. And let this fly wide open. And under the moon, each guy, he can dance like Travis open. The journey won't let him cry. He's facing prison every his lucky single. But he keeps wondering if the baby thinks they're gone. While a good head starts to campaign in the middle, the elections are wide open. And let this fly wide open. And his upon each side. And his eyes are triving open. The journey won't let him cry. All the sleeves all the time. With that bill of wily of inside addition, with old fat Chuck E. Meyer at the shaft of noon from 2 to 6. On a recon such show can't wait for that. Here's a lady in Fort Loderdale. Hi, I'd like to wish somebody happy birthday today. Uh huh. Happy birthday to Bob from Kathy. To Bob? How old's Bob? About 107. I think you're 30 today. You think? Well, who is he? Well, he's a co-worker. Oh, I see. Just another smuck. Well, he's a boss at dawn. Oh, like I said, happy birthday, Bob. Okay, thanks for having a great new year. Bye-bye. 1053 at WIOD, Miami. Delas. The hardest one, the one. The one? Oh, the one. Oh, the one. Oh, the one. Oh, the one. The one. They play a little grab-ass over there, what? You can tell. Who's pivotman? Hello? Hello? I'm hanging with this call until we get a response. Oh, the thing that's going to be called. Oh, man. Hello? Get your finger out of the drain and let's get with it. Hello? Okay, put him back on hold. Good call. Maybe we'll come back in the middle of an emotional experience. 1054 at WIOD, stop eating and he's stop eating all his food and his buildings. Stop making a pig out of yourself. Cut the crap, make a new year's resolution. If you're not going to be such a little slob this coming year, okay? Stop feeding your ugly little face. Getting zits from all that crap all those sweets that you're reading in there. Two open lines are both in Broward 524WIOD. Dear field on the starline. Hello? Okay, they're a little slow. Here's a pumpkin corals spring. Hello? Yeah. I knew? Yeah. My mom and dad listen to you all the time on your stove. Well, that's great. And I heard that fish in your pocket song one. Yeah. And do you think you can play that? No. Let's do Miami. Hello? Do you want did I go back to doing this? I got sucked in because they all got lit up again and they're all bunch of morons. Hello? Hey, I'm not a moron. Just like Friday. It's the same crap all over again. Stop it. Are you there? Yeah, I'm here. And I'm here. Yeah. One of the wish you had noticed that in the year. Yeah. And this is the Frogator from Hollywood. Yeah. I got some new material for it. I'd like to share it with you. Uh-huh. So it's down at the beach. And I had a conversation with one of these guys from Canada. Hey. And basically if I could paraphrase, he does the American fly you hour. I'll let him. I'll let him get him going for a while. And then I shoved some escrow going and his nose and he kept quiet. That'll do it. I just want to know if you saw the King Mango Strait. Yeah. Maybe the French Canadians have asked our go in their pants. Did you ever stop thinking about that? Yeah. And they have a little bit of size. You know what? They have one. The CN ski sticking out of the bikini breed. Yeah. That's disgusting. So one of the know-up you saw the King Mango Strait are hurting. No, I did not. What the hell is that? It's the anti-Original parade that goes on in the grove. Now I'm not paying attention. All those silly queens running around in the grove. You didn't hear about the marching Kennedys. No. Definitely worth Kennedys. It didn't hear about it. Not necessarily. It was the hypothalamus association. I got back to college and the afreshman. And you know, do all I get to go jam yourself into a phone booth and need to go fish. Do all this other stuff. All right. I'm going to go the table. Mind it. I just wanted to say something about Rick Sand. Overgrown children. Yes. Sand says, bro, he's got a quick taking himself to seriously. Rick. Well, he's a journalist for crying out loud man. He's a serious journalist. He's a comedian. It's a clown. Rick, the fat. I can't change this is for you. You already drunk, do you spake. 1056 in WIOD. And the strike next hour will play in the rack for the next three hours. The best of all the greatest material. I'm not getting sucked into this. WIOD. Yeah. I'd like to see what new? About what? Oh, I'm just going to ask him about the new year. About the new year? Yeah. What about the new year? No. Are you going to be on New Year's Day? Or what are you going to do? No, sir. I will not be on on New Year's Day. I'll be at Highly, up punching my brains out on New Year's Day. Oh, yeah. 12 30 in the PM. 12 30? Right. How much money should I bring? 2, 3000 be plenty. Oh, I want to call it. Who's back? Who? Alex. And I want to hear the bridge sender. Yeah. And it's got two. Anything else you want? Uh, no, I have to. Okay. See you. Fat chance. 10 57 a WIOD. West Palm Beach. Ah! Miami, hello. Hello. How are you doing? Happy New Year. Happy New Year to you. Yeah. All right. This is so exciting. That was the best call of the day that went from West Palm. That was just. Did you do me a favor? What's that? I know your hand is, but would you play a young new? No. Uh, Del Rey Beach on the Sterline. Hello. Hey, Neil. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. No request over here. I wanted to get sports intensive for a minute. Forget it. Come on. I know you. I talked to you before. I'm a big, big mette. I heard all those idiots call and Chuck Friday afternoon. Oh, who's going to win the Super Bowl? I mean, come on. Already. Del these people with this radio station. They're killing it with this sports. Yeah. Sports already. Well, let's talk base for. What about those leaves, huh? Blue that came on Saturday. Yeah. Well, what about the mess, though? That's what I wanted to talk about. What about the mess? They got a nice high price team now. Too many writing pictures. But, uh, I don't know. I think this could be the year for the match. Yeah. They can't complain about the cup's pitch and stuff this season because we are going to have one. He exactly. Well, what do you think about Elf did? I heard he lost the bunch of weight and he's, uh, he's. He dropped his wallet. Lost a bunch of weight in my ass. Come on. They got four strong right. I think it's different and it's made that ass cast that we heavier on the floor in the studio somewhere that big gigantic cast cast. I did on Rick and Sads. I was Sid the kid. Trust me. Yeah. Hey Bobby Benino. Six million. Yeah. Good luck to you guys. You're going to have to buy a lot of tickets to pay all those big big salaries. Yeah. Double double. Good luck to money. They got the money. They're doing it. Yeah. Well, right. We look forward to a good season against the cup. Yeah. Against the cups. We can battle a lot again for four fifth and six. Five. So happy new year and don't do it again. Deluding himself and do. Okay. Well, after the news, we're coming back and playing the rack for May to Z. Because it's obvious it started on Friday. We managed to fake our way through most of the holidays. He's not too bad. And then on Friday was like they kind of ran out. Went and doubt just run out. And I'm not going to sit here and try to squeeze it that hard. Cause you know, he can only squeeze it so hard. And then there's nothing left. It's all squeezed dry. Henry's in there. Squeeze in that grandma boom bottle. And there's not a drop left in there. So anyway, we'll see what happens. We got Rick and Suds off today. Chuck Meyer with Will O'Reilly. Old Billy from inside addition from to to six. We got sports talk with Sunny and Joe live from the Sheraton Ball Harbor. And we have the holiday ball. It says it begins today in the paper. It says it begins at 7.10. So be sure and tune in and twist around your radio and fight out exactly when it starts. BYU and Iowa. Happy new beginning from South Florida's news. New traffic and weather station. New stock radio. 610 WIOD. Miami Ford Waterdale in the Palm Beach. Good morning. I'm Henry Barrel in the 610 WIOD News Center. The temperature at 11 o'clock 66 degrees from the 610 WIOD Weather Center. Here's meteorologist Bob Soper. Goffitable temperatures. Lot of sunshine could plead forecast in a few minutes. Butation is honoring the last two Americans. To be returned to the US by their Lebanese captors today. The bodies of Marine Colonel William Higgins and CIA agent. William Buckley were flown to Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland. A ceremony with full military honors took place and defense secretary Dick Cheney. Join Vice President Quayil in honoring the men. They call for an end to hostage taking and they express gratitude for the way Higgins and Buckley serve their country. They both died in captivity. President Bush left to the city. President Bush left today on a 12 day trip to the Far East and correspondent Peter Mayer reports the outcome could be a big gamble for Bush. President Bush will likely put his own international and domestic political prestige on the line. As he challenges the country's he visits, especially Japan, to open their markets to more American products. If he comes home empty handed, he could face political fallout in the coming election year. Stalinism was to blame not socialism. That's Michael Gorbachev's assessment of the collapse of the Soviet Union. He told a German newspaper that it was the Stalinist version of socialism, which scuttled the government he once headed. In the city of Manski, leaders of the new Commonwealth of Independence states met to work on the political economic and military problems they face. Russia and the Ukraine are already squabbling. It was the six major bombing in Lebanon this year. A car bomb exploded in a crowded Muslim neighborhood this morning. And Bay Road, 15 people were killed another 120 wounded. The Florida Highway Patrol plans to concentrate on getting drunk drivers off the road this new year's holiday. Wildes, Chris Cod reports. The patrol expects 22 people to lose their lives on state highways between six tonight and midnight new years day. But they are hopeful that prediction is on the high side. Their forecast for 27 fatalities during the Christmas holiday was more than doubled the reality. And major Michael Ball says what was especially encouraging. Only four of the 12 deaths were known to be all correlated. That's considerably less than it normally we see at this time. Of course drinking is almost the number one activity associated with ushering in the new year. So while the patrol is hopeful their prediction is pessimistic, their focus the next two days will be on getting impaired drivers off the road and into a drunk tank. For God, Salah has it. This hour's check of Wall Street's Dow Jones average shows the market up 8.72 traffic and weather next. The greatest golfers in the world are once again coming to Miami to play in the Darrell Writer open, benefiting the American Cancer Society. Here's your chance to get a special holiday rate on weekly passes to this PGA event. Get a free round of golf at Darrell Country Club and help win the fight against cancer. Get one weekly pass for $30 before December 31 and get the second weekly pass free. Plus for every pass you buy, you'll get free greens fees at Darrell Country Club anytime between May and September. $30 for two passes to watch the Cadillac skins game featuring Jack Nicholas and four championship rounds of golf. This offer is good for weekly passes only. No daily passes are available. Greens fees surcharges apply for Darrell's Blue Course. To order your two for one pass call 477 golf before December 31. The Darrell Writer open February 29 through March 8. Great golf for a great cause call 477 golf today. Now Skywatch 6th and traffic with Molly Dugan. Thank you, Henry. This traffic report is brought to you by the National Ball Association. We're going up a date tag with a new injury accident. We're going to be back to the Red Bull. We're going up a date tag with Molly. Another accident at the Ramp from Northbound, 95 to I. Story Road. And the I. Story Road is reporting accident at this game Boulevard. We're counting on an accident in Darrell Field Beach Hillsboro Boulevard at military trail. And the Southbound of the County. Palm Avenue at Johnson Street. Attention golfers play the nation's finest golf courses in Save On Green Fees. Lessons, carts, hotels and more. Join the National Golfers Association today. Call 875 Golf by one membership get one free. The three playing coverage I'm Molly Dugan. Skywatch's 10 W I O D. Here's meteorologist Bob Soper for plenty of sunshine out there today. And it's going to be pretty comfortable for temperatures. High 73 to 76 degrees. Then tonight fair and cool with overnight lows 58 in land 63 on the beaches tomorrow and New years day plenty of sunshine mixed with a few extra clouds high temperatures in the upper 70s. Marine forecast wins Northwest and North at 10 to 15 not seize two to four feet Bay Waters a moderate shop from the Weather Center. I meteorologist Bob Soper New stock radio 610 W I O D. Next news update at 12 o clock bulletins at once. I'm Henry Barrel for South Portas News traffic and weather station news talk radio 610 W I O D. The London is for you for a conference. Who's talk radio 610 W I O D presents the Neil Rogers show. The good intention talk with Neil dial 751 W I O D from day. In Broward at 5 to 4 W I O D. Outside the real five airing code so free 1 800 944 W I O D. And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star I O D. The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those of this station. Now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 W I O D. Hard to be nowadays too specs. Oh People old watching women are stay Brand. They're greens do than do ah but I'm not sure when I'm not much to look at, but I ain't looking this mail Just a little too much Oh, to that bottle, little too close His nose is just a little too long But by the morning, I will be lonely He's got a really big crowd of trust The world was screaming, they let it out He's got a really big crowd of trust I'm fishing for the world He's got a really big crowd of trust Therefore can make me a just swiss to shout He's got a really big crowd of trust To the fuzz He's got a really big crowd of trust He's got a really big crowd of trust He's got a really big crowd of trust To the ship of world It's a 10 after 11 on WIOD On the day before the day before, and we're excited about it We're playing a rack Our commos house total is 88,787 And it's really about 95,000 Because it's a 6700 of their boats from POPPO PARKS See what we ought to do is have one of our piezons From POPPO colon with the exact number And then we can put it in the total And then we can trust it by Friday When they present we was attracted Alan hasn't spent all the money yet So that would be nice if somebody from POPPO PARKS would call it on a bat line And give us that number Perhaps sometime next 5 seconds 88,78758 You can add your own contribution And help the commos house and homeless during this incredible time of year By calling up a 375-0763 375-0763 That's the number to charge your visa Mastercard the best in the OTAP CD At Cedera et cetera And all those spiffy t-shirts And we never did I told you once you took that renewing t-shirt off the wall We never did another one back, George That we'll never see one again Should we take one call? No? Miami? I know? Yes sir I have a no request Or anything like this I have a trailer that's leap 8 people Markets up 12 and 3 quarters points Yes And I was wondering if you'd be interested in I want donate that to the commos house Would you be interested in the commos house? What do you mean you want to donate it? I have no interest in the trailer And I just want to get rid of it But I should call him up at that number I just gave and see if they wanted Oh, I wouldn't vote for the biggest station Will it be the number again? 375-075-0763 Oh, they don't want it You can bring it over here and all the boardops can sleep in it together Anyone I should pick it up? I just two ever answers the phone probably All righty Okay, thank you Okay, how about that? Problem at it's after 11 at WIOD Open line a day we probably won't talk to you But 7519-463 This Saturday history will be made at highly apart in the 1992 flamingo stakes See super horse pistols and roses Winner of the Bahamas and Everglades go after the flamingo stakes See him become highly as first derby bonus winner Maybe at early favored for the Kentucky derby See the $300,000 flamingo stakes on flamingo day This Saturday at the New Highly O'Park and Race course It's history in the making as pistols and roses bits to become racing's new champion Flamingo day this Saturday is celebration of sport and entertainment here Miami's own will eat Serino Who that? The consummate pop Latin entertainer in concert at at 130 and see the crowning of another champion In the flamingo stakes all at the New Highly O'Park and Race course This Saturday its flamingo day The orange bowl festival is on and 610 WIOD The official station of the orange bowl has complete information about watch happening Today's events include O'B. Frayer Breakfast Radison at 730 AM Fashion show and luncheon, Radison and 11 AM And the coaches and Hall of Honor luncheon on the also at 11 Tomorrow the King Orange Jambory for A Stay tuned to 610 WIOD for complete orange bowl festival in front of the home And play by play of the big game on New Year's Day We're South Florida's news traffic and weather station New York Radio, 610 WIOD To send a child to college today Cost a lot less than it will tomorrow But now there's a way to stop the rising costs of college And locking today's prices It's the Florida Pre-Paid College Program Even if your child is in 10th grade Pre-paying tuition for a 4-year university Cost you just $168 a month And if your child is 2 years old The cost can be as low as $10 a month for a 2 year community college The younger your child, the smaller the payments The Florida Pre-Paid College Program is financial and guarantee by the state of Florida So you can be sure the money will be there when your child is ready for college For complete details go 1-800-552 grant Or visit any first union branch And obviously the sooner the better As 1-800-552, you are an AD Now you can be ready for college when your kids are So you know that tape? That's what we just played for the orange bowl thing All that stuff is over with already Okay, like the prayer breakfast this morning at 730 You missed it And what was the other stuff that were two things at 11 o'clock? It's 1115, you missed it It's kind of like the best of tapes that we play Okay, we keep rehashing the past But we keep some pretending like it's now Or in the future Man, wait till you see that dolphin jet scheme this Sunday Banned, is that gonna be a big one? Ha ha, great Get your tickets right now, don't get shut out Get your ass down to JRS right now And boy, I'd tell you that brave twin series That's gonna be a barn burner Call up a line of Fulton County Stadium right now You don't want to miss the world's serious this year It's gonna be good God And I can't wait for that hurricane season opener Against that girl school, I can't remember which one it is Daniel Yeah Ha ha ha What are you people all doing? You're all doing something out there I'm cleaning my house up because my wife's coming back from being gone too weak Oh boy, it must be a mess It is Probably is a real friend there Girlfriends probably didn't keep it as clean as his wife does Well, they did a little bit better, but it's gotta look nice Probably got a couple of sloppy girlfriends Very sweet That a quick question for you mentioned Snapple earlier Yes Where do you buy it? I can't find it Where do you buy it? Of course you can't find it at those places Because they don't have it You get it Albert's in, you can get it at Freddy's You get it door smart, you get it at all Your convenience stores over your Shal station to get it everywhere except those two places Okay, well that's I just didn't know That's why I was wondering Why? Just go out of the neighborhood you float I'm storing you probably find a whole bunch of snapple And there are a thing cooler Okay And there you uh Drink things To last commercial just you just ran About about five out of now For college education Yeah Did you see the paper? Where that's not going to guarantee you Any college education? You'll guarantee you a paid-up college education But the problem's going to be there's no room for people to get in Unless the grades are going to be there Well I'll see you next time you're getting a little picky now Pardon? I said you're getting a little picky now Well I just think it's a snack because you pay for 18 years Because you can't go to college And if the grades are in outstanding Hey send them out of the neighborhood hamburger Flop joint and tell them to get a life Okay I got it Have a good time with money Thank you Bye 1117 at WIOD Don't go waste in all that money to send your kids off So they can drink a lot of beer and get laid everyday Okay Just waste the money They're just going to burn that money up You could go out and be having a good time with it Okay So tell them you're on your own have a good life And good luck to you Bye bye Right Out the door And that's it Miami Hello Hello Yeah Hi Nick Yes sir Everybody's on like a five year delay today This is the worst crowd What is it Hey what do you think about the heat deal With the cat with Sherman Douglas I don't think anything about it Okay call up sports talk Are you punk kids go back to school already Well yeah life is more than just a 24 hour God damn sports talk Okay man They ought to take Moynihan and Kaplan And does a gacky and manage all of Put them out of boat somewhere And sink them out in the middle of the Atlantic somewhere And over this crap The same tired garbage over it over it over it over it What about Sherman Douglas and he What about the cane? What is number one Who cares Like that guy who called me for who is right out target From Knoxville, no less Even he was perspicacious enough to understand That nobody gives a crap about any of that Okay Nobody Even Sherman Douglas don't give a crap Even General Douglas don't give a crap McCarthur Even General Sherman don't give a crap But enjoy it land a while you can It's 1118 at WOD Man, that's going to be a good series of the twins in a brace Four Loderdale I think it's going to win in seven I don't think so I think you're in for a real surprise this time Hey, I'll call Loni Smith's going to keep running this time Hey, I'm up here by Gateway And the subway that has your Camilla house The can there? Yeah Somebody's like a bubble coming out of your mouth Like if you're talking and it says I love WFTL Oh that's cute Yeah That's a mentality Wait I think about that I like I said that's a mentality Probably one of their 90 year old listeners Yeah And I think it's going to be the 20 to 17 That's from Pat the Pearl It means in the final 42 second Right Right And then they're going to lose to the Houston of 17 to pay Oh the dolphins? Yeah No, I think they're going to win it 3417 Okay I think the story advocates are going to kick 16 The The Who cares about the sports? Nobody Have a great day Okay Happy New Year Boy, they are just bare in man It's a good thing the calendar's going to change Maybe when we flip over to 1992 something a miracle will happen It'll be touched from above Two open lines in Broward 524 And the star line at Star IOD Miami Springs Oh, good deal Yeah You know you're the best radio toucher host in the whole world What do you want? Rich Tony. Yeah How much is it worth to you? 20 after 11 at WIOD Come on down here and say that, pal We have an open line at day 751 What in Broward 524 We're just going to keep plugging away here WIOD George is busy Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay Can I hear R. No, the car is a Jewish All the way? All the dick carers Oh, we haven't played that long time Yeah, I got all the dick carers Oh, we haven't played that long time Yeah, I got my, I got my tail I don't want to hear about you guy The audience doesn't care about you Got your tape, okay? They don't care about that Oh, where am I going to find that? I don't know Do you got your tape running? No, my take care Spawning in a horry egg Is Jewish with you believe it Oh I was saying it's be thou after a two Then you're taking a Jewish head You can see it Oh Even idiom being third Jew For a young genius in you believe it Can't be saved or found in Gorbachev too Oh And a matter of fact, I'm a dick character I do wish And I fell in love with you Share a neck of horror I fell in love with you When someone will try to put me down And says he has a lot of connotation I tell him right away Now lives in here I can't hear her I'm a dick character It's not the one in the nation All the things give a dollar for so many rules I'll do it I'll do it Be a Jewish, I'll do it I'll do it I'll do it Be a Jewish, I'll do it I'll do it Be a Jewish, I'll do it A new poth Here they are, John Our fries all be jacked up on the saddest service I'll be ready to break I'll be standing out by so fast that the officer is a choir now She'll be singing away Be true to your short fries, my life's for you Now let's say it, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Be true to your short fries, my life's for you Be true to your short fries, my life's for you Be true to your short fries And put it down, Likes and 1124 W. I mean I was just thinking about something remember the big bottle at my show station over there in Navihilling Cleary and they give me a check for over $400 for that one thing in one gas station remember that and he's they're refilling it up against probably almost full again you know give us another 4 500 bucks and that one place they're gonna raise a thousand dollars now this subway thing you people are not feeling the change you took as he draw him little pictures on my face over there okay probably norm can't do the thing on my face because that's over by his baseball card store but the 386 dollars in 22 canisters there's are like 127 locations all the subway stores all of us out Florida have been kind enough out of the goodness of their hearts to put those canisters in to collect money for Camille's house help us out but 22 canisters in the 386 dollars doesn't exactly come out like a world-beating number does it no see better start digging deep and the feeling the change okay and drop it in the thing that is pretty weak 1125 here's Bonita Springs a deal probably from the dog track yes deal how you doing is there anything in Bonita Springs except the dog track no that's about it okay no I had a question what do you think gonna happen to tomorrow night when at full rose comes down he's got to come in drunk and like you'll get the crown or what you know I don't really care about exal rose okay I hope that his tattoos all fall up you know fall on the ground yeah I know I hope they all turn out to be pastons yeah I think you got you think you know I don't know if you think at so rose stinks yeah he's all right he's all right I just don't want to see him you've got the greatest you know I'm going on my self I'm going to see how he Mandela morning at sunrise music yeah you get a few yaps out of that anyway oh yeah he's not that good either all right yeah I don't remember Williams too Robin Williams is great yeah he's great I just saw that movie hook and he was in that oh you don't you don't want to hear that no I don't care if you enjoy that whatever makes you have all right you wouldn't be great you know fair mediocre yeah like this show yeah um another question could you uh play did you know that Rick fanchez thing you just played yeah that board game I think that was funny good can you play that again well not right now we can play you want me to play right again now yeah you just got your plan and one more thing in that Sammy Smith that the beeper thing worried dropping everything I think that's funny I want to hear that again you want a lot don't you that's about it for a guy that went to see uh hook you sure want a lot yeah come on you don't mean the Sammy Smith the tumblers that what you talking about both of them both of them both the one but the one where the don't shoot the beeper like we're he's all the Sammy should the alert pay a sure alert page yeah and then that other one too where he where he drops the thing he's like the uh the tumbler yeah yeah tumbler on this yeah have a great life sir and happy new year can you play at Rick fanchez thing no you're a leader okay well that's three cards you just asked for I put to him in the machine and you're talking to yourself out of all three of them now all right I didn't know if you could play tonight I want to hear that Rick fanchez thing yeah I thought that was really funny I'm gonna hear that one 27 after 11 and W I didn't put in the way the I really am he pisses me off I mean that's that's a little bit too pushy okay I took the two us Sammy ones while I was fumbling around killing some time I stuck up in a machine and now he just wants to see the other one which I just got through playing sir you are a real yak off smart off or more mail well thank goodness for that thank you so much Halsey 27 after 11 and W I O D and of course if you want by mail to get your best of Neil CD cassette just pop twenty bucks plus a buck for postage in the mail make the check out two Camillo South CA my L on US and mail a two W I O D my M E 3 3 1 4 1 and do it soon so we didn't get any call from Papot O Park they must be over their figure and I'll just exactly what the total is I hope for us they're not listening or paying any attention or they just forgot in the bodice come on let's go Alan let's get on a stick let's get away the four lot of them okay I have no request good thank God for you no matter how bad this call is and it probably is going to be pretty weak thank goodness for you actually what I have is a quick peek of your show oh yeah I really think I think you're dying man I think you need an huge enough intelligence yes well I'll tell you well why don't you turn on WRAC and listen to David Duke or something exciting well you know how long have you listened to this show so then you're calling up a critique you don't even listen to the show the people listen to the show enjoy it's your find a life get a life somewhere okay go find something useful to do with your life you miserable little creed and have a happy holiday but like I said that call was sure great cause you didn't ask for anything though all he's asking for us for me to change we're gonna change the whole show to please him and infusion of intelligence well I got news for you sir there is no intelligence out there okay so stop searching for the missing link you idiot what an asshole oh no it's that the football he was the number two draft choice look like he's feeling a little cocky yeah number one has been hit in first you want the little flush but now he's turned in blue we'll be back to the title of the after this don't forget to beg you the holiday bull tonight either at seven ten or eight o'clock depending on who's right than his paper or boy Gary it's as the holiday bull begins it eight so Hank has another night off today that means you ought to have a big day at highly at a marba chill be out there tomorrow plunge in his lungs out and new years day Miami yeah hey buddy you okay pal I just wanted to wish you may Chris is gonna have to do you and the same to you and happy you know I'm taking calls I'm breathing it out yeah you don't get job keep it up okay I've been off for like 20 minutes but you got call coming in us we got a bunch of coming in take your week one is better than the previous one take your broke the string see up 1132 at Wiley was no more on okay it was basically a pretty decent guy try to be a good guy they're just in a certainly nasty mood around the holiday time I've the what happened to the Christmas spirit remember those few days before Christmas and it was all you know all I crap about peace on earth and goodwill toward men and peace of this and peace of that and peace on you market is up 18 points man I'm telling you since those interest rates fell down a market is just zoomin right before the big depression I what does that mean to God mother hello hi Neil yes Maria oh hi Maria did you get the calendar I got your calendar Maria was very exciting not I thought you'd need a high every day oh yeah it's the best Maria okay darling you just stay well and have a wonderful new year and you too Maria thank you dear okay bye bye yeah 1133 at WIO day we need an infusion of intelligence for that guy that was the that was the great colon history the best of all he's better than the bridge tender we need an infusion of intelligence that's what we need here in WIOD and infusion of intelligence but don't hold your breath she'll have been here for about a hundred years and she says he hasn't seen any yet we have an open line at Broward 524 and one on the starline I totally the starline be a little a little bummed out today because nobody's out there there's no traffic you notice how Joe Brennan was all depressed this morning on Reneer issue no accidents in Palm Beach he sounded like he was very depressed about it no bad gut wrenching blood pumping things to report Joe or to make up even here's a payphone and Hollywood you're sorry I wanted I wanted to call someone a douchebag well good go to their door knock on a door and tell me what's on your mind mark it's up 20 points now that's not the you can't just call this show and call people a douchebag we've been set that a long time ago okay if you have absolutely nothing to say call them up on the phone person a person nobody in the audience gives it them about hearing you call Joey or Tommy or Sally or Susie a douchebag we don't care we might agree WIOD yeah I can feel sure hello yeah yeah I'm gonna be in high-piloxo about one eight from two weeks and I'm stopped in traffic on 95 for what? what? you're what? I'm on 95 stopped in traffic on no traffic day where is this? in high-piloxo for what? for what? I don't know like flashing lights accidents or you got a jam up up there well that's good I'm whether got something to do today yeah send a couple of the planes up all three of them okay we need an infusion of intelligence on this radio station folks let's get the plant guy in here again let's get my soup is what we ought to do again okay that's what we want is my soup there's food downstairs from siam's doll and lake worth by the way we want to mention that thank boon and the family so profusely and so much WIOD Georgia starting to patch gear around with food again hello yeah thank report yeah thank you house yeah oh that's lovely that coconut milk soup with the real spoon yes hello speak to me sir yeah hello yeah yeah that's uh guy okay you're happy to have that yeah that's the cops is searching for someone up there this morning he ran over just a fence they've been searching all morning and so they're stopping everybody and why everybody I look at the helicopter and all the pig well he have a lot of cuts by yeah a lot more things about 95 throwing those turned over dump truck anybody had a dalle is in trouble thanks for the good news yeah what he have an irritating phone and voice so how's this coconut milk soup for that is incredible with those big washrooms in them hmm those button mushrooms I get excited when I see those I can relate to them 24 till noon at WIOD Miami happy holidays mail from your happiness station WIOD sir are you gonna give us an infusion of intelligence with us call absolutely okay wait I'm not gonna take any more alright this is just one comment they had Jeff Wallett said the proud chair's office yeah performing a sympathy speech you get a catch up to get one he was given a speech there he went to give a his bad gene and everything now nobody cares about them anymore well that's well saying that's like Neil Bush going over the same as alone and given his sympathy speech I mean everybody's with this uh you know for a given us the army you screw up buddy you know you're in a high water hmm paid a price right paid a fiber see you but anyway see you 23 till noon at WIOD this is delicious isn't that great coconut milk soup and everybody else's busy picking out now doesn't bother me I'm gonna keep to my word you could some of you who are daring and the probably stupid can make a lot of money by betting some of your friends and enemies and associates as to whether I'm gonna stick to this now New Year's resolution two days before the New Year no more food in this studio till April fools day till the first of April I said that about two months ago in the first day we broke down okay I broke down week can't do it no more this eating on the year okay it's bad radio and it certainly has no infusion of anything except indigestion to the show my name is hello and the same to you how do you know I have not have you okay well go over and see my thing he's got something for you a sunrise hello yeah happy holiday and same to you sir this is Jay from the Jay and Scotchow yeah Jay former how come you always have to introduce yourself Jay you're not on the radio anymore you guys have an opening on weekends I heard we wanted to go for that's the dead new melting pot open up I have no idea I went by there that's really looks like it's open well I have no idea and of course if Steve Paris spent as much time doing some work as he does running around wasting my time you know then we'd find out yeah I've got two more months that for baseball now that's football crap side of the way yeah it's so so pondress with all these 700 bull games why they even bother everybody you can have like a a total I think you didn't Michigan State's gonna play in a bull game this year really where they went like two games this year something like that here with John Madden said the other day about the referees what was that oh yeah I like the idea thing about how old they are but none of them were glad yeah he said that he knew they were all blind when he was coaching he's he's great yeah some are all in Madden are the best don't care what anybody says he's about the only reason I watch a playoff anymore that was a pretty a depressing game at Galluch Chicago he nobody deserved to win that game they were both pathetic now I was out the other night in this lady's much of me and told me that she was kept looking at me and she said that I reminded her of her old boyfriend there and her family's Peter Renn should I be nervous her his name was Peter Renn yeah it was the same guy from the track you know really I asked her why she kept looking at me you know she says well I thought well Peter's kind of an ugly guy so I guess that fits in but he's a great guy really he's all right that I don't know kind of ugly though Jake I'm out to feel too bad about no I have a little request and I know you can get to see the city you were invited or a dominant pavia then you'd have been good shape really yeah oh I can't can't beat them all right right I have a small request if you can get to it Dominics and hiding up it is brother one seven hundred races Friday night and we're not getting any call from pop at opark with our total that we can add under our number year which is really getting me frosted now what is it you uh... wave that home what would but Anna what about it so have it we don't want to hear your problem is you well I still have it I still have it I played it just the other day you people want to keep it in a same crap over and over and over again damn it damn it I just got your plan it I'm sorry I must have been listening no I don't need to day I mean just the other day well plan okay go get a life j i see a god these people are brutal and it happens during the holidays man that's what it happens because they got nothing else to do our regular colors all have a life throughout their busy returning merchandise and all these geeks get out of could you play this kid you just got to play it at Rick Sanchez and could you play it again yeah why don't we just put it on endless loop you asshole played for four hours god almighty I think norm can't is probably setting up all these damn phone call anything desperate to try to get some attention what they'll do you want to hear I don't think we have that one anymore Jay I think it's gone wife let's down with a banana low or rotten deal found that yoke devil hiding in her purse he's called these hard buddy's got a few I hope it never happens to you some free breaks your marriage into my wife left town my wife banana my babies to find her way thing pukin apart god that was bad anyway you want to get something really good and a price that's unbeatable charhard is the place just in time for the depression charhard is given you some sensational bargains for example come to charhard by one quarter pound chicken breast fresh of course never frozen charbore with your choice of toppings on a fresh-tied roller peter bread and get the second one for just 89 cents all by the famous five and a third ounce charbburger that's 85% fat free fresh ground chuck delivered fresh air redate charbore just a way you like it and get the second one for only nine eight and nine cents or get one of each and get the second sandwich for just 89 cents that offers good after three p.m. only seven days a week at all charhards or try my very favorite sandwich then pukin apart god that was bad anyway you want to get something really good at a price that's unbeatable charhard is the place just in time for the depression charhard is given you some sensational bargains for example come to charhard by one quarter pound chicken breast fresh of course never frozen charbore with your choice of toppings on a fresh-tied roller peter bread and get the second one for just 89 cents all by the famous five and a third ounce charbburger that's 85% fat free fresh ground chuck delivered fresh air redate charbore just a way you like it and get the second one for only nine 89 cents or get one of each and get the second sandwich for just 89 cents that offers good after three p.m. only seven days a week at all charhards or try my very favorite sandwich in the world the charhard sweet sausage sandwich grilled away a liking with your favorite toppings and charhard gives you a money-back guarantee that this is the best fast food and town fast service great fresh food and two other treats you might want to try a new spicy chicken drumets better than any chicken wings in the world and their fresh tossed salad with your choice of dressing so drop by your nearest charhard restaurant and date a brown enjoy the freshest food at the lowest prices there in North Miami in tamarack and sunrise and these locations are carrying those new juicy dripping delicious chicken drumets charhard in Davy Hollywood market and Oakland Park news happening halfway across the world park with the e-forty tour news tourists have a news from an Asian's capital in Washington, Jimmy D. pre news talk radio six ten W. I.o.d news from a state's capital for God Tallahassee and news from white hero South Florida. Robert Hank out is top radio six ten W. I.d. wherever the news is happened soon to South Florida's news traffic and weather station news dark radio six ten W. I.o.d. she's back and she's got more than ever before she's the new highly apart and race cars she's back with a spectacular whiter weekend of great entertainment and super racing on Saturday, whiter day, come before 11 last week's five last week's five, wrong spot, the first championship race of the season remember wrong spot and the free $2 wager, bogus, fans arriving in the morning, go day this Saturday on Sunday the first one thousand week's fans receive while it's with gift that was yesterday and $7,000 in cash you would have been right $7,000 in cash embarrassing special music concert with Andy Motenyes and Roberto Torres yeah she's the new highly apart and race cars inviting you to a spectacular whiter weekend with free merry go round bogus family scratch it out make it up there and a free beer break in make it open 10 30 bogus wrong wrong up to get the world series coming up so too now there i'm glad that we did that because that's so typical of what goes on in this place okay they think that they keep screwing around all from like a week before Christmas all away until like a week into the new year and i take grave exception that's like those best of tapes it's the same crap that that was the spot for this past weekend it's already over with this Saturday is flamingo day with epistels and guns and roses and axle uh... and his hose that's coming up this weekend the big day of Saturday and they're racing on new years day and tomorrow through Sunday but don't don't confuse our traffic department or mister allowed mouth out from the yorks that don't lay blamey steep pairs because we're running the wrong spots in here okay this is turning it away slip shot holiday at w i o d your slip shot station what is that tick me off okay for a good client's out there who are spending their hard earned money and trying to get a message across to you god is it piss me off here's a Miami hello hi we raised about this that's our track we raised that's an dollars for committal well great and we also what do you mean this is star trek you're in outer space what does that mean in star trek well we had a star trek movie going on okay yeah we were at the theater nine we raised it goes to four dollars and cash two hundred dollars in food yeah really come out of house great and about two hundred dollars in close they wanted to bring bring didn't matter what they brought the dollar didn't matter what they brought right over that's what i always say bring it on that's it bring you think you can bring and they did good and they hit everything we did we just brought them but i think like that yeah thank my key would do you know and i'll my friend ordered me a shirt from you good and i'll and we're going to see the KFK yesterday yeah and like that so we'll be trying to help you all we can well thanks a pile we're just trying to help you much possible what are they battling air into back we need to know something we really do need to know where we can get snap over because now i did try public they don't know why do you try it public they don't have it at public school they don't have it every other place and you you're trying to public one no that we can go to Albertans Albertans go to Freddy's go to Doris markets they got it all over the place okay okay i'll try that i'm happy new year happy happy new year bye bye wow oh man loving 48 wild three open lines a vacant strip on the middle of the board so i guess we're not getting any infusion of intelligence here today 751 wild in date five two four in broad and one eight hundred can you believe that spot so what are we gonna do we owe them a make good just keep that in mind George okay and i see there's another one coming up in the noon to one hour so we better make that good and get it straight now get that slie ball steep Paris online and to get cut him and ask man he is an imbesso an idiot a miscreate a slie ball here's the four-laterdale hello yeah yeah yes oh we think about the on thing when being able to leave what do i think about it what did you expect sir yeah everday's life oh god to get these kids back in school immediately please just sit him in there don't have to have any class just sit him in there locked a goddamn door okay go away kids go play with your uh things highly of well i'll give you an infusion of something but i'm not sure it's gonna be a total of the man after the last some of these calls today god these people are like the mob and let out of the funny form like they all got loose from our cadia don't worry about things things that things are looking at me uh at least uh on a novel where we are right um listen that means good luck at seminal bingo or whatever i've been hearing this commercial this uh thing for uh intestinal gas this charcoal now we have a lot of that on a station lately you notice one must have known about these calls why i'm not for these people you were made new meals you were made to the last spot yeah charcoal well i call what's the product i have no idea you think you know what i'm talking about yes i do i've been well actually the first time i'm doing a run on this show i think they won and uh after known the first time i heard it i thought uh it was some kind of choke if we ever run those spots George we never run those spots the ones for the charcoal uh yeah probably probably during run through and recon sud because that's their crown very appropriate because when i keep saying back at you it starts back and up a little bit well i just thought you were you were born to do a lot of spots with your little sound effects there yeah um anyway um today is my birthday really yeah well let's do something special for you then like um how's that have a happy sir well wait a second yeah i got a birthday request yeah don't make it a birthday request yes sure whatever you like uh the guy what's the name of the guy by the way Larry we're running the wrong spot for highly and it's embarrassing is hell go ahead sir you know that kind of stuff at all time i know it we're we're used to it we're right in spot i'm telling you get your tickets for that world series game number three man that's going to be a killer i'm telling you it's going to be great hey uh aren't it often playing the game back with Saturday on the best of i'm going to be telling you all about last spring's big race at pop-in-o i don't know if it's playing the uh uh gen for playoff spot this weekend now the dolphins home opener is coming up Sunday i can hardly wait yeah not the the guy doesn't bad at can rock not bad at can rock but he doesn't know the one bad at can you wait rags rags not bad at can rock what the hell is that i thought it was i thought i think that's what the pope is rubbing right now is the bad at can rock i thought he was saying bad at can rock no okay well not that one's how I'm lyr he has another one that has something to do with uh this isn't national love brother her week national brother could we could can i hear that yeah i haven't heard that no what if i said yes i would love you forever it's not good carry the way i got a right here sir have a great birthday and a happy holiday and back on you they knew me okay yeah okay all these people i say yes and then they try to talk to themselves out of it just they're not satisfied that you say yes and you play their stupid request they try desperately to talk to themselves out of one week of every year is designated national brotherhood week this is just one of many such weeks honoring various worthy causes one of my favorites is national make fun of the handicapped week which frank funtaine and Jerry Lewis are in charge of as you know during national brotherhood week various special events are arranged to drive home the message of brotherhood this year for example on the first day of the week Malcolm X was killed which gives you an idea of how affected the whole thing is i'm sure we all agreed that we ought to love one another and i know there are people in the world who do not love their fellow human beings and i hate people like that as a song about national brotherhood week all the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks is an all-vist established rule but you're in national brotherhood week national brotherhood week lean a horn and share a Clarkard dancing cheap to cheekers fun to utilize the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school all the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks all of my folks hate all of your folks it's american as apple pie but you're in national brotherhood national brotherhood week new yorkers love the white or weekends cause it's very chic step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand you can tolerate him if you try all the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews but you're in national brotherhood national brotherhood week it's national everyone smile at one and another hood week be nice to people who are inferior to you it's only for a week so have no fear be grateful that it doesn't last all year don't forget before w i d what are how can we love the frogs out of that uh one of my absolute favorites now well that's good uh if you got to be unholded might as well be for some of you can make it well you am happy folks that uh that's all it's all about i wish i had a final number for you but uh that's not my department all i know is uh i've been told it's uh somewhat over 6600 dollars was raised but i sent you a fact because call the law i have it right here in my head now i have your facts and i like that for fan service that's amazing call witness in the tenth race on Friday with a six-hole and uh can't Williams here predicts that he just might uh be the winner this week yeah and i put it on as a super fact i thought uh we've we enjoyed betting on him last week their uh most of his owners did and uh now on the super fact that you can really plunge your lungs and uh also i'd wanted to point out on Thursday night we're gonna have races at different distances at the first time this year and it's the first sprint race since i've been here uh we're gonna have one race in the fifth going twice around it starts right in front of the grandstand which is kind of exciting and then in the ninth race they're gonna go once around again starting right in front of the grandstand and uh that makes for just a little bit more challenging handicapping and other some of those drivers out there better begin a short one because going twice around they might get lost well the idea to uh you put two peas in your mouth or beans or something like that you spit one out right out each time around but if you swallow one then you're in trouble right but that is uh just something to to uh spice it up a little bit yeah and then i think both races are gonna be real competitive and it makes it more interesting than betting the same horses at the same distance we got to week great so i hope to see out there what about new years eve did you make your reservation oh i'll be there what do you mean make my reservations well your your regular table is uh take that's what you think okay i'll make sure i don't stop meeting i'll make sure he calls you as Tennessee so we need that number desperately okay and we did real well too i'm real excited it was it was a good crowd Friday night in fact uh uh indications uh from from pop in Ostan point is that we had more not that some people from out of town in here this weekend we had it terrific week how about that okay listen i'll see tomorrow camp all right thanks okay there's the latest in the greatest here's a portable in Miami hello are you a portable yeah okay am i on the air you're on right now how do you like that hey i can't believe that hey meal i just want to call and tell you that you have a great show i did not know that we do need in an infusion of intelligence yeah that's what i'm counting on that's the winner i'm not knowing you know i my wife broke my antenna on my Mercedes so i don't get a m and i didn't know that god you got a cold falling down here because i took a month off i'm a stockbroker really and i just took a month i like quit because of recession everything like that but uh i was telling everybody over here when they came over for holidays about you and your show and everything like that and i was uh quite amazed at everybody we are responding to yeah i knew it was i mean everybody listen that's correct we it if the ratings were accurate we'd have a 99 sure unbelievable and the only one percent who don't listen no spaghetti glaze the matter of fact one of my good friends is an advertising for radio a m show and you are his main competitor and that fact that's his main competition or main objection every time they come up against uh you know why should we go with you instead of someone else and uh it's unbelievable i mean he he scratching the bed and i ran rave about you know the show and the quality and the you know the content of intelligence but there's uh some of your college uh calling you know like uh you know the lady with the concert tickets that everything like that right it's giving me i said that's great yeah but i i just wanted to call you know i took a month off i'm redoing my entire inside of my house i had uh you know quotes from general contract with stuff like that it went like over thirty thousand dollars and i did the entire inside of my house hardwood floor and kitchen everything for like less than three thousand dollars well good for you sir it's about time somebody stood up for himself and stood up for his rights and didn't just sit down and get screwed i'm telling you it's unbelievable they're the same problem unbelievable unbelievable but you know if you can afford to take a month off go for it but i'm ready to do it right now rickensides is a great show but nail i'm telling you i can't believe it the first my christmas president on the christmas tree excuse me for the holiday but uh i think says when i'm on it i just know i lose it i just can't handle it why i said i hope you have a great new year oh yeah and i love it the second around make sure you express to everybody to have a designated driver yep and to be safe and a designated collar and the have a great life oh man i'll be able to provide a day 75 one w i o d and we only have two hours to kill it seems like only six seven hundred dollars ago we sat down here this morning and they listen it's just another day and then tomorrow's new year's eve day which means we're playing the whole rack for real and Wednesday is a whole bunch of ball games and though not going to be here you have to work Wednesday you're going to love those ball games George five hours on new year's man over time no huh three forty five an hour not bad did i see little Jennifer go in the newsroom Jennifer Ram is honoring us with her presence happy new year a Jennifer Jennifer's doing the noon w i would be news and unless she gets out of breath we'll come back at twelve o five and continue at two o clock it's old fat chuck mire for recon suds with will o riley of inside addition joan sunny from the shirt and bell harbourwood sports talk followed by the big one the holiday ball happy holidays from south florida's news traffic and weather stage who's good with you six ten w i o d Miami Ford Waterdale in the Palm Beachers good morning on Jennifer Ram in the six ten w i o d new center the temperature at noon is 69 degrees from the six ten w i o d weather center here's meteorologist Bob so far pretty darn nice weather for south florida next couple of days complete forecast coming up vice president quail is you l uh u l a j i Marine Colonel William Higgins and C. I. A. agent William Buckley as heroes he spoke at a memorial ceremony at Andrew's Air Force Base in Maryland this morning after the bodies of the american hostages arrived there Higgins will be buried at quanago for genia buckley at Arlington National Cemetery outside Washington D. C. Both men died in captivity in Lebanon. President Bush began a four east tour today that he says is important to the american economy. correspondent Peter Mayor reports. As president Bush takes off on a 12 day 26,000 mile trip he is pushing his call for more open markets for american products. My message in each country I visit will be this. Free trade is a two way president in effect is taking campaign 92 to Australia and Asia as he hopes the international call for increased trade will be good for domestic jobs and for him domestic politics. The White House sees the message as a response to democrats and some conservative Republicans who say Bush devotes too much time to foreign policy. Metro day police have arrested the last of two suspects in the Christmas day beating in robbery of two Canadian tourists in their South-date motel room. The suspects were identified by third suspect with the victims recognized in a police line up. Of this year's New Year's Eve the Florida Highway Patrol will concentrate on getting drunk drivers off the road and into a drunk tank. An estimated 22 people are expected to die on state highways between six o'clock tonight and midnight New Year's day. Major Michael Ball says he hopes the prediction is too high. Once again we'll be used after the section you based on last three New Year's holiday periods. He's in that as a basis. Hopefully we'll see just like in the Christmas holidays we'll see that death toll could be less on our predict. Lower mortgage rates are getting credit for fueling the american housing industries revival. The National Association of Relators says resales of single family homes jump nearly five and a half percent last month. The second consecutive monthly increase and the biggest in half a year besides lower interest rates the group says buyers were encouraged by decline in prices. It's 1203 at New York Radio's 610 WIODs Skywatch 610 traffic and the weather center forecast are next. Do you suffer from embarrassing and painful intestinal gas? Then please listen carefully to this important message about charcoal plus the first really different anti gas medication. charcoal plus is different because it attacks gas no matter where it is in your stomach or your intestines. charcoal plus has two active ingredients. Same ethical to break up gas bubbles in the stomach and activate a charcoal to absorb gas in the lower intestinal tract. Either way charcoal plus works. That's important to you especially if you're in a high fiber diet. Everyone agrees that fiber is good for your health but high fiber can also cause gas and bloating especially if you haven't been on a high fiber diet before. So no matter what causes your gas problem whether it's in the stomach or the lower intestines you'll get fast action and peace of mind with new charcoal plus. charcoal plus is available without a prescription and all local drugstores. As for it today. Get news. Traffic and weather each morning with migranary in the morning information team. Here on news. Talk radio 610 WIOD. This hour's check of Wall Street's Dow Jones average shows the market up 32 now. Skywatch 16 traffic here is Mike Paxton. Thank you Jennifer this up. They've a service of soar and spood along the flowers in Broward County at overturned dump trucks south by 95 approaching the sterling road. A possible gas lake delays back to 595 and two entry accidents unrivaled west of 31st Avenue one on Davey Road south of Novod Drive in Palm Beach County an accident north on 95 at Wallbright Road also an overturned vehicle in the median of 95 south of high-piluxo road and in Dave County an intre accident blacklistry at 107th Avenue and one on Kendall Drive at 132nd Avenue. Soar ends food among the flowers quite simply to find a fresh-front in Coral Gables five star new world was aimed to serve by the International staff. Soar ends food among the flowers on the ponds of the circle in Coral Gables with replaying coverage. I'm Mike Paxton, Skywatch 610 WIOD. From the 610 WIOD weather center partly cloudy high mean to upper 70s lows lower to mid 60s at 12.5. The temperature in south Florida's 69 degrees relative humidity 59% are next news update at 1 o'clock bulletins at on Jennifer Ram for South Florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio 610 WIOD. And bell south mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD. The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those of this station. Now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIOD. Thanks for calling. Ladies and gentlemen intro justing Tyson's not-out chicken. Hi this is Iom Mike and if you're home we like to have you wait to look for a big go up to Tyson. Not-out chicken. Tyson's not-out chicken. You've never seen fresh like this. Oh nice to meet you. Cry a hot-cusey big-mind. Two all-mean patties on a sesame-street brain. You're better stay away from Dan Brugguky on if you've got his chicken help. Yeah I'd like a day aren't you the guy on trial? I'd like a knuckle thing with a sure comment on Nick and don't forget our world champion Jacob. We got wings. We got thighs. We got oh get out the ring. I can't control myself. So do the wild thing and come to Tyson's knockout chicken tonight. Hello seven of WIOD the market is Zooming Man it's up 30 and a half points. We are just making this gigantic recovery before the bottom falls out of the whole damn thing. We have two upper lines in date 7.5.1 WIOD and one in Browner. We're in other words the board is half empty. Very very weak performance today by the audience. Week. In fact if it wouldn't have been for that little flurry we had remember the first hour those women calling it would have been just an unmitigated disaster. Water Hill. How you doing? That's too bad Dan. Listen I'm not going to ask for any request. Good. I'm here from Toronto. Hey I hate to tell you what I leave. I saw the leaves Saturday nights around my satellite dish and they blew another one. They had a two-nature lead over to Red Wings and they had a three to two lead going to the third period and they make me sick they're just nauseating. I don't know what's happening with them. They're pathetic. Well, what's worth of the blue jeans spring train. We paid all that money to Grant Fior and I got news for you. He's no Johnny Bower. No Johnny Bower. Yeah, we're carrying sunshine for that man. We're done Simmons. We're very cheaters. We're a shock plunt. Look at old days. Right. A strike by hovelach. Bring them back. Bring them back. Dave Keyon. Right. Tim Horton. Oh, Bob. Call Brue and Bobby Bond. Ron Stewart. Edward Olmsted. Well, I don't know what to tell you, but I'm not sure. How can I say possible one of the oldest franchises in the history of all of professional sports could have degenerated the point where the so pathetic that they're like they're like a girls team. The fact is that. Tell him that's the perfect. Yeah. Can you tell me his bill? Will you listen to me? What? Will you listen to me, sir? Okay. I want to ask you a question. Is Bill you would debt a reply? Bill you would diesel life. He is? How come we never hear from him? I know he was an alcoholic. Uh, well, I think it's just the age has got to him and you know unfortunately his father passed the weight several years ago and a couple of years ago. A couple years. I think the body is still in the gunnal, by the way. That's for sure. And Bob Cole says it smells pretty bad up there. It's rotten. It's rotten. Even the fans aren't turning out this year. They're not turning out. Oh, no. They're not selling out. The Leafs ought to be turned out. Oh, for sure. They only had one player and that was Vince Damfus and they traded him away for an old man Larry Anderson is about 100 years old. What are they thinking about? Florida they make me sick. I don't know. I love my leaves. Got it. Two comic back. Gail was a better person with him with a label of he goes to the right side. I have an old poor checking, but Mark gets the pass to the center and who's off. Get the leaf back. All right, coming from the heart. Wow. All right, that's enough. There's not to say. Let's go. I took your advice. Let's just play Maple Leaf goals for the next two hours. Oh, that's good. I took your advice last week in Sajie FK. Group for movie. Yeah, one of the all-time best. Three hours, three hours plus and I tell you, can the leaf was over. It was really great. Yeah. Yeah. Well, listen to how we're going to hold the meal. And back at you. Thank you. And punch him. Ox says hi. Okay. See you. Bye bye. Not feeling too good. 10. I have to know in a Wild. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. Let's see if we can find some other outdated copy here today. Okay, folks. Some other stuff from weeks and months and years ago on your screwed up station Wild. Come on. Get with it, Larry. For a very limited time Toyota of Hollywood is Toyota Thon Central. Toyota of Hollywood is the southeast US Central location for the lowest prices and best selection on 92 Toyota Thon specials. You've seen these advertised on TV and there's only one place you can get them in all a soft Florida. And that is Toyota of Hollywood. For example, no payments till March of 92 on the 1992 Camry at least package. And this deal is waiting for you only at Toyota of Hollywood. $400 cash back on the 92 to herself. Here's a little of $6,598. Save up to $2,000 on SRX pickups. Dealers are not welcome by the way. Toyota Thon Central. I'll try to take advantage of the big selection and low prices to increase your stock dealers. They're going to kick your ass right off the lot. Experts are on hand to offer on the spot financing and excellent trading is waiting for you right now at Toyota Thon Central only at Toyota of Hollywood on 441 between TAP and Sheridan Streets in Hollywood. The greatest golfers in the world are once again coming to Miami to play in the DRL writer open benefiting the American Cancer Society. Here's your chance to get a special holiday rate on weekly passes to this PGA event. Get a free round of golf at DRL Country Club and help win the fight against cancer. Buy one weekly pass for $30 before December 31st and get the second weekly pass free. Plus for every pass you buy, you'll get free green speeds at DRL Country Club any time between May and September. $30 for two passes to watch the Cadillac skins game, featuring Jack Nicholas and 4 Championship rounds of golf. This offer is good for weekly passes only. No daily passes are available. Greens fees search charges apply for DRL's blue course. To order your two for one pass, call 477 Golf before December 31st. The DRL writer open February 29th through March 8th. Great golf for a great cause. Call 477 Golf today. I was probably grandma part superwoman. I love watching those kids while my daughter work. But when I got constipated, I just couldn't keep up. Then I found Fiboral Fiber for regularity. Fiboral powder keeps me regular and it's gentle natural fiber. I've heard of metamuse soap, but some kinds are almost half sugar. Instead of sugar, Fiboral adds healthy brand. With Fiboral, I'm regular every day and I can keep up with the kids all day. Use only as directed. This is the only guy I've seen. I can have an orgasm just driving down 95. Here's a few years for 75 years coming up next. Nationwide, that's what all of us as brand fears. Wendell fund, cursed moor, and a whole lot more. The 1991-92 season premiere between the Montreal Canadians and the Toronto Maple Leaf says we take off our 30th season of most in Hockey Night in Canada on CDC from the four in Montreal. Nice talk of most in the 1980s. Our CDC is fucking fine. Most in the media are what the artists all are about. Fight for the Canada. We're one of the most in the commission. All of the youths are one. And by personal associates and in the middle of the morning. You're one of your way to the show. Oh man, I gave goose bumps. Then the game starts and leaves could be high 12. Nothing nice, start good enough. Said 1214 at WIOD. Here's a real hockey fan. What's the talk about the boys? I can't hear you. You're on a bad phone. You sound like you got your finger on it. You do. You sound like you're coming from the jet stand. I can't understand you. You can't really. Kind of a phone is this. I'm a pinnip phone. A patty phone? If he doesn't have a panty phone. I wrote the whole out. Has been patty waste? See, you can't understand me. Now it's better now that you're speaking into the middle of the whole. Everybody's looking at it. Always speaking into the part that's got the whole. I've got a little something for the jet stand. Yes? If they want to know what their nose is right to my underwear or I'm going to get a little warm air for them. Hey. Yeah. And two, right? My favorite. What kind of a phone is this man? We're getting feedback? You know what it is? It's one of the cheap pay phones. Crapping. They all crappled. That's the thing. They don't have to know the love to you right away. It just doesn't know the love to this phone. CNBC is now commencing testing of its scrambling system. If you experience any problems with your reception, please contact your cable operator or call 1-800-Smart TV. Scramble this, okay? A kind of crap is there. They're scrambling our picture now. Oh, that's good. Boy. And I want to mention again, the Continental Kable, your picture on channel 6 and 12 this week is so bad. I can get a better picture. Stick in my thing out the window and hooking it up to the TV set. Pathetic. I have to watch CBS morning news on a satellite. Try hard on Orlando grabbed onto two things and got penalized. He what? Orlando grab. Don't even say it again. What's the next thing? I can hear your salmon mackerel. You got, yeah, it's probably this crappy phone I'm on. Good day. What? Even he's in the bag today. 1216 at WIOD. Here's the North Bay Village. Hello? Hey, you doing the old? Okay. First time call it. Another bad phone. But I always listen to the you great. The terrible phone. Really? Wait, hold on. The muffled. Wait, let me change it. How's that? Oh, better. A lot better. New. Marginally better. Still muffled. Maybe you just have a muffled voice. Maybe he has a sock over your vocal cords. I thought JFK and it was terrific. How does it got to get a sock over his vocal cords? Something to think about. Yeah, it's one of the all-time grades. But I'm not going to spend the whole show where VD like Chuck is doing talking about JFK. What I'm saying? I mean, I'm very interested in it. I've read all the books. It's disturbing. It's gut wrenching. But life has to go on, you know? What do you feel with the best part of the movie? The best part was the a speech by Donald Sutherland. Exactly. Not because of the others. Not the speech, but I mean the a rap by Donald Sutherland. When he took him to the park and gave the whole low down. And then of course the trial and the court there at the end of the career. His assimation was great too. And with Donald Sutherland, the part that he was playing, and they had it sent away to the South Pole for two weeks. Right. And they said that, you know, if he was there, he would have had extra security. He wouldn't have the security that they had there. And the thing about it showing up the story on Oswald showing up in the New Zealand news paper and the time difference that it showed up there before he was even arrested. And then with the part I noted, even though it was gross, but when Kennedy's take up blown off of that piece of scanner, whatever came on, it had jerked inward. So like somebody was saying, over by the fence, somebody needs to read that secret service guard that's a policeman with a rifle. How could it be from if the guy shot from the back, did the head get blown off the skin and turned into the car? You know what I mean? It looked like somebody was shooting from the front. It was magic, just like the magic bullet. Right. Just ask Darlin's specter, he'll make up a good story. Yeah. What do you think Rick's signature with, you know, Analyze and his movie, squad over it? It'd be squatting over the body parts in Parkland Hospital problem. Hey, I mean, I mean, one more thing, please Neil, I got to have it. I never recreated. I got to have it. Like, anti-dice clay. That bit that you got. You got two bits from a one within the Yorker and one with that right surrounding. Yeah. Can you play one of those? First of all, he's not on the New Yorkers. He's got up and to do with that. The New Yorkers record a model bond. Junior. No, no, no, no. The one, oh, I thought it was the one week goes, hey, you, that's not, that's got nothing to do with Andrew Duš play. Oh, so that was him. You got to get your Duš bag straight. That's Ricardo Montelbán and the Chrysler New Yorker. I read the head of the right to Roney to stick. The right to Roney? Yeah, thanks Neil. OK. Got all mighty. Man. It's like we've just totally lost control of this show during the holidays. And you know what, I don't care. Doesn't bother me. I could pay the same whether you control it or I control it. What disc is that on? Is that number 40 on this number two? He asked? As if we don't already know since we've played that about 750 million times and they just can't get enough of it. Here's Andrew Duš play for Dyseroni. All right, let's say you're eaten. You're sick and f***ing tired of f***ing potatoes and that stole top sh***. Do like me, honey. Eight days. Dyseroni. Come on, it's almost as simple as you. Put the f***ing bag in the f***ing pot. And you turn on the f***ing stove. You think you could manage that honey? Hey, put up being the f***ing things done. Stop. Remember, Yankee Dodo came to town right on a phone. He stuck up further off his f***ing colded thyseroni. Oh! You do, Dyseroni. The turkey tastes like sweet. Oh! What do you want, Jay? What we needed you here last week were the hell were you? When my car was filthy and disgusting and gross and just loaded with crud, where the hell were you? Yeah, you were on vacation like Spencer. They're all on permanent vacation with aerosmots. I just had to wash yesterday, but I guess we'd better do it today because Spencer's not coming to a Thursday this week, right? Oh, man. Let me just dig down here and see if I can file some chains. There's the keys. See if I can find 10 bucks in my wallet after that night Friday at Papa and Oaks. Excuse me. Shouldn't be talking about that. Shouldn't cry about your losings. Okay, win a little lose a lot. That's, here's a 50, you want that? No chance, not for you. You got any change? Yes. Hey, listen, wait a second folks. I know that you're expecting a radio show, but we're busy with a little transaction. How about, how about give me two 20s for a 10? Two. Good. Okay, do a good job out there, too. Would you please? Because that car is a real, important car. A real, important part of my mediocre life. Okay. Plenty after noon at WIOD. Man, I got enough for Papa tonight. Let me see. Oh, yeah. That's enough for the first race. 21 after 12, if you want to go out and have a fabulous meal during the New Year holiday or any time. Roots, Chris, stay, cows, and four-laterdale and elsewhere. Unbeatable. Only 2% of the beef sold in the entire country is good enough for Roots, Chris, customers. Corned, fade, U.S. prime. That's why it's so tender and so juicy that you could almost cut it with your finger and they bring it, cooked exactly the way you order it. Still sizzling on the platter and put it in front of your fat hungry face. And of course, they also have lots more besides great steaks. Fresh salmon and tuna filets. Live main lobster float in daily 3-5 palm beauties. Stoned crab, Gruper, you name it, they got it. Fantastic side dishes. The best potatoes are ground and you've ever had in your life. And of course, those big, humongous desserts that are fatening and just unbeatable. The service is great. You love the atmosphere. You can go in, dress to the hill. They're just dressed like me like a real slob no matter which way you go in. You're going to come out satisfied with the fantastic meal. You can't miss. At Ruth's Chris Statehouse, you'll find the original South Florida location. At 25-25 North Federal Highway between sunrise and Opham Park and right on the water at the Inter Coastal near Shooter's just off 163rd Street in prestigious North Miami Beach. 1992 kicks off with a fat. News talk radio 610 WIOD presents a spectacular football double-header, New Year's Day at 130. FSU takes on Texas A&M in the Cotton Bowl live from Dallas, Texas. That is back home to Miami and the Orange Bowl as our Cains try to wrap up a national championship by knocking off Nebraska. Countdown to the Cains begins at 5. Kickoffs at 8. It's an explosive double-header, New Year's Day. Exclusively on News Talk Radio 610 WIOD. It's Joe Alvarez to from our kitchen. I started working for Joe Alvarez in 1974, stocking shelves working for a midnight till nine. So I guess I've learned the grocery business from the ground up. But even then, I knew what was important. What Alvarez was all about is making people feel comfortable like they're in charge. Today that kid who is stocking shelves runs the store, and I'm going to make sure our shoppers feel appreciated, especially these days. Everything's getting a bit too impersonal, automatic. Well, I want to break through all that. Get to know my customers. I guess it's a pretty basic idea, but it's one whose time has come. Hi, I'm Dan Spears, I've written a store director since 1983, but this really isn't my store. Discover inspiration to BoTae. You're gifted that a 1750 land comfort is that Macy's while supplies last. Its land comes signature style cosmetics in case, smartly tailored in black and white and boss vinyl. In the side point, six price beauty picks from land comparison, including the ultimate beauty brush-up, a combination brow brush eyelash cone, but caracel's mascara and caratene, and leaves superb lasting cream with color. At Macy's, we're a part of your life. I can have an orgasm just driving down I-95! I can't believe what happened yesterday. Yesterday, but playoff's in the sense of far away. Bakes the salmon now, there is no waste. Oh, yes, today's so joyously. Why you? I'm fan-balling your pay for going. There be sucks now I love to cry in your soul's day. 1225, it's WIOD, and we could have been there in Houston in the house of pain yesterday, if I were for that fumble Sammy, but that's where it goes. 25 after noon at WIOD, Pemberg Pines. I'll love there, Neil. How are you doing? I'll do it all day today. How are you doing? Good, good. I have enjoyed your show for many, many years, but I am in the horns of the telemistoristic. You had made mention earlier about the children that need to be back in school, while mine too were no exception. I'm trying to get them to clean up their room, and I'm trying to explain to them just how bad the room looks. And the only thing that comes... I got a better idea. Once you just locked the doors from the outside. Well, that's an idea. So I'm in there with all that crap. Mark is up 34 points. Boy, are we just making a tremendous phony recovery here? Yes, but I've got so much invested in them that I really want them to be part of the family, but I want them to clean their room. I'm trying to explain to them just how bad it looks and you're vomiting, car came to mind. Yeah. punctuated by the buzzer. Would you be so kind to play that? No. 1226 in WIOD. When I started to choreograph two carts back to back sound effects, I mean, you people are really desperate. Hey kids, lock him in the room and throw away the key. Okay, and go have a good time. Brand-sector house. Palm Beach on the starline. As Neil, long time listener, I'm on my sailboat outside Palm Beach. Well, good for you, Lauddy Da. And listen, Neil? Yeah. I want you to call my daughter, Kathleen Duskbac. Okay, I can't lean. Get a life. 1227 at WIOD. I should have just played the rack. I just, you know, for some reason, I just have no sales resistance, like I've said before, and I keep coming back thinking that just maybe, maybe it might be worth punching one or two of these buttons, and so far, I can't think of one that we couldn't live without. Miami. Here's the one right here. Hello. See, I told you, that's the best call we've had at WIOD. Is there somebody on there? Yep. Oh, yeah. How you doing? Okay. Okay, I'm just calling to say, uh, for old snap old people, you can get a law green. Have snap-let law green. Right. And, uh, a mom's been listening to you, and she likes it. I listen to you, so I like it. Great. And everybody likes it. But I'm not sure, too. Yeah. But, uh, I'm surprised, Tinder. I don't want to listen to it. I'm just telling you, I just, uh, I was in the shower. I heard it. And I got off. I mean, the, the take that was. And, uh, and. And that's for the dolphin. Oh, no. That's for the dolphin. Hey, I like the dolphins. You like the dolphins. Yeah. And, but behind you, Neil, and the dolphins, too. Yeah. And, uh, I just, uh, what time is your show on? My show is on now. No, okay. Nobody, Neil. Oh. Yeah. I was eating soup the same time you were eating. Well, isn't that great? That's not like a, almost a sexual connotation about that, isn't it? I know, uh, uh, and I'm scooped up too. Yeah, you saw like it. Two stuff. No, what happened was, Neil, you know, after I had too much black Russian. And I had to help soup today. And I, I mean, my sponsor in Liberty City, but, uh, I'm, I'm stuck here in bed. And for all you, pseudo intellectuals, who wants an abusion of intellect, term inflation. Right. Get a lunch. Right. Definitely. Don't drop the soap now. Definitely. Yes. Yes, sir. Yes. Uh, I'm wondering that. I wonder that. Talk to you about, uh, uh, on Downs Road, they could be pretty. I'm standing. For the regular body, nine is more of engineering. That can give. No. Well, it is. All bridges over Navidbo waterways. See if I, I, I, I, I do that. I wouldn't have been asking, sir. But that? I said if I knew the answer to the question, I wouldn't have asked it in the first place. Okay. Well, I'm saying, sir, here's a lot of people. Nine of states, core of engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over Navidbo waterways. Over one? Navidbo waterways. Yes, sir. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So it up to them to decide what time? Yeah. The bridges should not be open to the marine traffic. Yes. And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir? I'm telling you that thing come up with a time. Well, what? What is the time? I believe it that what hour times, sir? That they are not open to marine traffic. Under the map, they are open to marine traffic. So in other words, any slip with a boat can come along and back up traffic for two hours. Absolutely correct. Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crappers there? That is not a communist bunch of facts. Sounds like some kind of the end of all past just tiny picco, uh, but I feel like they're going to be the one boat. Why, exactly? On a boat is going to stop for 5,000 cars. Got it? No, I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat. I think that's what they ought to do. Bang, you better know your law Smith to be because you sure don't. That's right. I suppose you want that they have bridges closed to both traffic and a hurricane too. I want the bridges closed period. Okay. I want them closed. I want the bridge headed to go home and watch his MTV and get they a lot of our lives. Is that a way? I want those bridges closed. Let them use the Julia Tuttle, okay? You know. Let them use the McConddon Cosmone. I think they all are going to George Washington and bridge and jump all of bridge tenders. How do you like that, sir? Well, I don't know about you, but you sound like some stupid, anyotic. And happy new year to you. 1231 at WIOD. If that pain in his little kid and Holly would cause back one more time, George is coming over to your house with the tweezers and yet can every little body here right out of it. WIOD. For a? Is this you again? Yeah. What do you want? For you hung up on me. What? You hung up on me? Who hung up on you? First, never be at home. What is it? You're gonna come here home when you can't hang up. Yeah, when you know why they hung up on you? Probably because we didn't want to hear your silly song. Huh? You got a silly song? Sir? Okay. You got the message. 1231 at WIOD. We have an open line and broward 5249463. When you have to tell them, George, you have to take control. WIOD. Yeah, I could talk to Neil. Speaking. Hey, what's up? How you doing? All right. You don't have a silly song. You want to sing to us, do you? No. Good. Uh, for some color. Great. All right. It's called... We got it. Right on like that. Wasn't that a shock? I picked you up cold. I know. Right in the middle of the board there on the center square. And I'm putting your cold in the office. They get it. God, I get goosebumps about this. It's so exciting. Wow. All right. Well, I want never know. Go see any of you go stay in the freedom bowl. Okay. Bye-bye. See you. Go long beats stay. 1232 at WIOD. Fort Lauderdale. Mark is up 36 points. Hello? Nobody there. Pumps dead on the starline. Neil? Yes. Hey, I can agree with you as far as the bridge centers go. Trying to drive down into the cage. You know, they're bridges. You fish, could eat? Yeah. It's been up for about a half an hour. The traffic's all the way back to home. That's heavy. All I want to do is get down the arm around us for the weekend. And I got to sit there and just one lane. Well, call up Alibraria Hill, help you out. Okay, I'll drop you right off down where you're going. 1232 at WIOD. We have an open line in the center of square at 5249463 Fort Lauderdale. Yeah. Are you sure? Really great. Yeah. And what do you want? You must want something. No, I don't want anything. You're sucking around for something I can tell. No, I don't want anything. I can. I can. You're right from Montreal. You're from Montreal, eh? Yeah. How about those abs, huh? It's dry. They make me sick. Hey. Here comes sticky more and the rocket. By the way, there's some geek who's playing college football. Or what? Who is it that they call a pocket rocket? How can they steal that? There was only one pocket rocket. That would be like having somebody be the Yankee Bandino. Or the Louisville sluggard. Power up. Or the Yankee Clipper. The overheads. So you know what I'm talking about? The radio of Montreal is really, it's very stuck. Really bad, eh? Too many of those frogs on a radio jumping around in Montreal, eh? Why didn't you get a hold of all these old French Canadian Farts who come down here and send them back. Draw them on a road map and show them how to get back home, eh? Uh, I was trying to know where you're going to get your shirt down there. Okay. Down there? I thought we'd risk me to the radio. It's so bad. Yeah, well, it's good for you. In about a half an hour, you can become like one of those 90-year-old frogs up there. You start driving like them and leaving small tips. Yeah. Hey. For our, uh, I tried to raise you happy New Year. And same to you. Okay. We're back home. 1234 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 524 Frog and we'll be back right after this. Markets up 41. He was a sub-beam court justice nominee, accused of sexual harassment, and now he's matter than hell. Clarence Thomas is the juda caterer. A yes, Judge. There have been a lot of charges brought against you. They could seriously jeopardize your nomination. How do you enter these charges? Hey boy, how's this pronounce up? Clarence Thomas is the juda caterer. Yes, I can remember on several occasions, Judge Thomas told me repeatedly how he could tighten or not. Tightenable and still have enough to throw it over his shoulder like a continental soldier. A judge Thomas had he respond to these allegations. Where's Senator? I have just one thing to say. Shut up bitch. Clarence Thomas has been ridiculed, Rourer-roaded and pushed to the edge. Now he's taking on the system in, but juda caterer. Well, personally, Senator, I think this is a bunch of woo-****. Think that he's fat so a****** asshole, you will still frat just motherf***ing s**t. A juda caterer starts Friday at the internet near you. 22 to 1 at WIOD. I see that memo from Boy Gary on the inside of a control room door says don't be a trouble shooter. Be like me, be a bull shooter. Does anybody in? Basically a big bull shooter. Anyway, let's go to a del Rey. Hello? Yes, sir. If you can't be a trouble shooter, be a bull shooter, sir. About 1? About 1. Yes, sir. Do I have that number? I have it right here. How's that? That's so good. Is that good or what? That's good. Do you want it? 3. 1-800. 3-4-5. 8-8. 8. 7. 6. Thank you, Neil. Got it? You're not happy to do you. And you too. Right. Hey, listen, you call us and ask us anything. And if we don't know the answer, we'll just make it up. I think you're like that. Oh, boy, there's nothing like having a satellite dish not have it to watch. I'll let Swilots on the networks. Man, you people are watching the stuff that's on your networks and the local affiliates. No wonder your brains are like jello. No wonder we don't have any infusion of intellectual crap. Swani River. Neil. Neil. What does that mean? Swani River. We're in a swani river. You're in it? Well, we're in here. That's almost like beat up at Aintree. We are, like, on highway. Hey, where is our gate? We have passes to the back door, Gary Mills. You slime ball. Man, you got a knock on the door and kick and scream and bust the window to get in this building at any more. It's unbelievable. They're trying to give us a message for the new year. How you doing? I'm doing okay. Oh, he's got a key. Mr. Hotshot. Yeah, great. Go ahead, sir. You're never eating in here again, Gary. We're calling from Pensacola somewhere. Market is a 42 points man. Are we making a comeback or what? Whoo! Everybody go out and have a market party. You're on a swani river? We're near it. We're way down. Bomb and swani river. Yeah. We're on a highway. That's not near the Kohula Lossi River. Is it a bayan tree? I don't know. Four of them. Four of them. What is it? What are you talking? Other people are so weak. Here I'm doing a lot of mumbling. Speak to us. Can you hear me now? Yeah, I hear you, but you've got all these other people doing like back draft on the background with me. Don't be a bull shooter sir. Let's get with it. Yes, be careful. I don't think there's a lot of David Duke supported us out here. Probably probably we're going to pick you off pretty soon too. Have you for dinner? How's everything going in my hands? If you don't run into a David Duke supporter, you're running into Hannibal lecture and they have you for dinner. I think we're on the whip here. That's right. Like I said, can you squeal? Can you squeal like a pig? I can try. I think you're going to be pretty soon from the side of that. Got a calculator in the back there. Well, he wants to stay alone. He's got you all sized up. Yes. Take your whole on a take. Okay. Deal. How are you doing? I can't believe that I'm talking to you. Why not? I'm in the flauntie river here. Yeah, we can. We can. On the way to New Orleans. He's a good old old young who's over there. Six years. Wow. Good, you're playing Notre Dame. Oh, boy, I hope you kicked their ass. Oh, we're going to do it. I hope you take that little hole. So just hang him like a like a stuck pig. I like to see next year. I like to see this thing stay play play. The Irish. Yeah, right. We are where we played a mess here. We played in this year. Look for the bird. They beat us 180 to nothing this year. What? I said have a good time. Hey, I like to just catch a safe Kevin. You're a bad dude back for not going with us. Okay, fine. See, Kevin's no fool. He knows what's going on up there. 1242 at WIOD. We have an open line in day 751. WIOD. Yeah, could you play the lead? Yep. Play the one. The lead, Jeff and Jewish thing. The lead's Zeppelin Jewish thing. Yeah. Led Zeppelin Jewish thing. The other thing would have been. Zimfar does Zeppelin. Yeah. What's Jewish about that? Well, I don't know. Is Zimfar Jewish? Oh, God. What a Yahoo. I think that call was from Aintree. I really do. I think that's what happened to a whole audience. I think they must have spent a bad vacation over the holidays up at Aintree. Is that how one of these Zimfar does Zeppelin? I think it is. I'm putting a damn sure it is that I'm going to take some real good slow time here and find it. Okay? So just hold your houses as they say at Pompano Park. I have a Pompano spot come up here in just a second. I have no copy. I have that stupid facts that can't William Semi with a big song in advance about who's racing in a short race and a long race, which has nothing to do with anything. And it's just astonishing to me that people just want to take their money. It's like burning it. Like having a bonfire. Oh, here's Zimfar in Zeppelin right here. I mean, I do think that they're open. I know they're open to Varnaid on New Year's Eve and you should call and make your reservations. Because after the races are over tomorrow night, they have a big bash. If you have any money left, you can celebrate. And I'm pretty damn sure they're closed on Wednesday, New Year's Night, but not positive. And I know they're racing Monday through Saturday at Pompano Park now through the rest of the meeting. Except I think Wednesday night, but I'm not positive. But he will find out pretty soon. Goodbye DA Pilgr毡 Zimfar My starよく traverse your way. Now, it's crazy if Buvaravant's feeling faster than Zimfar. I want to take my position. The f Test on his F Test on his F Test on his Son from Persia. This guarantees No Cup Champion if ever. The FASCUS and the WASTISTER. The Bible name sees on the power of Bill, this one. The seal of the desert world, this is a little take-home land on the Yorra, Mrs. Okay, that was sure exciting to hear. Wasn't it? I've known him far was Jewish. What happened to my guns and hoses thing? Oh, there it is. Anybody gonna go see guns and hoses tomorrow night? J.R.A.A. R.A.A.R.A.S. boy, that should be good. Should be almost as exciting as the holiday bull, which we have for you tonight, Brigham Young and Ioway. I wonder other than Michigan State, is there, you think there's any team in America other than Long Beach State and Michigan State that's not playing in a boy? Pretty emotional. That was Rick Sanchez calling from the house. Lady and Miami, hello. Yeah, hi, is this Neil? I think so. Hi, you have a car too. I know you cannot play anymore for whatever reason. But I would like to know if it's possible to get a copy of it or purchase it. No. No. Not even if it's my birthday. No. That was one of the funniest ones I've ever done. That's why we can't play anymore. Anything that's too funny. They have a meter and if a go register is over five on the meter, we can't play anymore. I don't know what's that. I just played that little thing for you to even hear it. Yes, I heard it. Well, thank you. And you have a happy new year. And same to you. Bye. There are 45 in WIOD. Now they're playing a request in carts that they know we can't even play on here anymore. Hey. Are you talking about a clever way to kill some time? That's 535. Okay. And if these lines don't all start flashing and really happen with some real good intellectual crap, we're going to play sweet child of mine. Non stop between now and two o'clock is a way of welcoming excellence host to town. Two o'clock lines in day, 751 WIOD. Don't forget speaking a good intellectual radio Chuck Myers got willier bill, whatever his name is O'Reilly from inside addition. From that sleaze bag TV from one of those last week he had Rick Sanchez today's got bill O'Reilly. I think we're going to have a radio news pretty soon. I think this is just an almond and Chuck is trying to break it in easy. Kendall. Kendall. Yes, here. Yes, here. Here we are. Thank you for taking the call. First time of quality I've listened to here since you've been on WIOD. Well that's great. I just want to let you know how depressed I was this past week and I had to go up the jacks and though which is kind of pressing itself. On the way back, you've seen what about every 5 out of 10 cars, read it from New York and Jersey, Pennsylvania or Quebec. Well that was the other 5. Yeah? That was the other 5 coming back out. Yeah. I've seen like that. I'm half the cars coming down and had to play some of them. Uh-huh. It just was really depressing. Yeah. This one let's you know, they're coming. Thanks for the good news. Have a great life here. Oh man, he called and waited just for that. 1247. I WIOD. Here's the spot that I don't have any copy for for Pompatau harness man. They're doing a job out of you. It's just incredible. Thanks so much by the way to Mrs. Peter Rannon, all the horsemen and the great job they did for us in the 6th race on Friday to Camille's house pace where they raised for us about $6600 plus the management of the track of course. And thanks to Joe Pavia for a great drive on Call of Witness who came in second just got beat by that slime ball Kelly Shepherd on Friday and our People Source Race. And Call of Witnesses in again Friday for all you members of our WIOD, Pompatau fan, the racing whatever we call it. And the 10th race got the 6 oldest time with fine kettle heads up handsome burglar double wow JJ Romax overnight delivery. Hobel Hanover and way on the outside Daniel Martin go back where you came from region thunder. And don't forget Big Night tonight and tomorrow night New Year's Eve. They have a big yellow New Year's Eve bash at Pompatau Park. Call and make your reservations in the clubhouse now. Don't get shut out and the spend a great evening plunging and whining and dining and then after the races just having a great time at Pompatau Park tomorrow night. And Wednesday closed for New Year's night. I'm pretty sure I think. And then of course again open Thursday with some of those neat odd distance races and Friday are People Source Race and a big card as always on Saturday. So get out during the holidays. Take all your visitors out plunger lungs and have a great time at Pompatau harness. Post time nightly Monday through Saturday except Wednesday 730 PM. When it comes to traffic everywhere there's only one place to go. Sky one over day to Sky two over flowers. I dream of a Bobby. Oh, he. When it's traffic information you name. To the source to rent a siloat's extend WIOD. My pack's to Sky White 610 WIOD. Three plain traffic memories from Sky White 610. From South Florida's news traffic and weather station. News drug free. 610 WIOD. Now here's Bruce Williams to tell you how you can get his practical advice anytime you'd like it in a handy and popular book. How do I know I'm getting a good deal on a house? Can I represent myself in court on the child support case am I over ensured? How can I mark it a product I invented? Hi, this is Bruce Williams. I'm happy to say that there's now a collection of the questions people often ask me and some of the best answers in a book called America Asks Bruce. careers real estate cars starting a business insurance. Now if you think you or someone you know would like this handy fully indexed easy reference book here's how you order and of course there's a money back guarantee. I'll give you our special ordering number in just a moment. Our listener price is just $12.95 plus post-eaten handling. Use your visa or master card. Here's the number 1-800-688-7008. Again the toll free number is 1-800-688-7008. You can get through right now. You can't think what's the girl that you are? My sexy older sister, she can barely tell. Who she'll think you have no call her up? He said she was the best. She thought he meant her singing but he really meant her chest open. So if you are looking through a playboy magazine you'll see my older sister on the pages in between. I'm just being told I'm million copies have been so much this stuff is the Santa fold. I'm told I'm in this Santa fold. I just been told I'm in this Santa fold. It's okay I understand it pays a lot to show you can. Daddy says you've lost your mind and I think battles just went blind. You may be Tito, Janet too. They all think you've ruined us but I don't care what they all think. The toilet, you just moon us. Your body looks just like my own but I would need to settle down. Oh no, I can't deny it. Oh yeah, I think I'm gonna try a doctor go there and tell a two like I'm a mold. I'm gonna be a Santa fold. Santa fold. Santa, go there. I wanna be a Santa fold. He wants to be a Santa fold. Call 51. Oh no, oh no. Oh, he... Hello, Dr. Gold? Michael, make that change. At WIOD. We have an open line at the out of this world line. 1-800-944-WIOD. This must be a New Year's release day at Rayford. I see we have some people visiting in a control room. And our number one bull shooter is in there with them too. Here's a mobile in Daniel. Hello. Hello, deal. Yes sir. This is Joe from Do You All. I have three questions. Yes, Joe. Yeah. One is James. Joe, turn our radio. Joe. Joe. Joe, listen to me, will you please? Turn that goddamn radio down in the back, Joe. Turn it off. Okay, it's down. Okay, question number one. Yes. James still went still among the living. Yes. At least he thinks he is walking around. Okay. Second question. Yes. What do you think of the rectum as a whole? Next question. And the next question is, what do you call a rat by the joins of monastery? Go back to New York, Joe. 1252 at WIOD. We have an open line in date. 7-519463. Here's the Bahamas, man. Hey. How you doing, aye? Yeah, how you doing? Okay. What are you doing in the Bahamas getting ripped off like everybody else? I'm an eye-living. You live there? Nice. Yeah, it sucks. Bahamas is puking doosings, sir. Hey, look, you mentioned something about this best in the old tape. Yeah. How do you get one of those? Call up 3-7-5-0-7-6-3. Charged it to your visa. Mastercard, they'll mail it out to you. Just like magic. Okay, now what's on that? I mean, is this all a cart or what? No, it's not all a cart. It's a bunch of stuff. Like the bridge tender and the scooting lady and a bunch of crap. You're speaking of crap. You got what you call it? The fart contest? No, it's not on there. Can you play that? No. Why not? Because it's too long, man. Look, where can you play it? When can we play it when we're good and ready? 1253 is WIOD, candle on the Sterloth. How are you doing? Lock down the thing. Okay, calm down, calm down. Take a doggy down or relax. Oh, that's a waiting point. Yeah, that's a little bit, man. You ought to have a radio show on waxy. A little bit, a little bit. What do they're out of business? The Diego from David, my God. I'm not speaking. Yeah, what is the Diego from David? Yeah. Yeah, I know. I remember. You know. When, what? When, what? I believe they did our kiddo. How'd you like it over there? I can't, no, but a big part of their correctional. Same difference, same difference. We got some of your pyzons in here today. As a matter of fact, look around. They must have known you were going to call to me. You know, you know, they got me up for the holiday. Hey, I'm within dreamy school the other day. Your accentures in my class using their friends. You always have this trouble with your tongue with the yards? Why, man? I'm from the oh god. Probably a late B Chainz. like Butler you probably had a lot of experience rolling it. I take my time out of my day of my holiday to call you see how you're doing. Well what do you want to say Diego you're getting out my nerve? Oh sorry I'm sorry man. How did we know that was coming? 1254 WIOD we have two open lines in day 751. You can just feel the building up today you know what I'm saying? And back at your Diego wherever you are. But what did they hit him put away? We have an open line on the Sterline SterioD Hollywood when it's Todd Dase. Are you there? Yes, Neil. First time calling. A little too much pressure you sound just like Diego. I'm sorry about that. I just wanted to do that. Anybody speak at English out there today or we got to read all the rubber wrap people today. Neil. It's trying a little English for once. Neil. Yes. I want to thank you for everything you do for Camila sounds. Yeah. You got all my money. I'll keep it working on this phony accent. No no no no. Listen to me. I'm listening. I have a little son that I want you to hear. Okay, well, go sing it to George. Hollywood. Hey Neil, hey, no. Okay, what a bunch of geeks we got today. They're all getting ready for the big New Year's. Number one, I'm quickly on a bus that's going out of town. Number one, I'm crazy enough to go to that girl's and Rose with Comfort. All right. I've been row 30. Oh, God. Great. I'm going to be right in the middle of the hall. How do you get off on those tattoos that was done before? Oh, no, I don't like that. Good. But he's a schmutz bag that guy. You know the music's okay, but who wants to see him? That's why I'm 30 rows back. I won't say that. Good, good thinking. You want to hear him either. That'll be even better. I won't say him. Right. But number one, yeah. I got to satellite this back in November. Yes. And I'll say it was the first month or something. I was, I was ecstatic with it. And lately, I've been saying it's nothing on. Oh, get out of town. I'm serious, but I'm million channels. Well, there are times when that happens, but not very often. It's rare, but I mean, I have to go through the hospital and get my wife out. I have to break down and they shot the money. Oh, she doesn't want to hear me. Well, you must not be checking out the channels for all the live feeds or all of people picking their nose and that kind of stuff. You have to be a little more adventurous. Well, I do sometimes I start a one-in-and-a-discan all of satellite. Right. That's fine. Start at one end and work right to the other. Yeah. And you hook up with some funny stuff in between. Right. But other times. On a TV, too. The patient was been kind of weak lately. I watched Godfather one again last night, I believe that I've seen it 500 times and it was on there on cinematics and I watched it again. I can't believe I watched the whole damn thing again. I liked that, too. I watched it last night also. Yeah. Once I started watching that, I said I'm some stuck on it. It was just as good last night. All the way, I think there were two less holes in Sunday's body on a causeway than the first time. They ran out of bullets. Hey, you did a good job, right? That cannot really do it, right, the way. What? You want a geek? Oh, man. He needed that. Yeah. You did a good job. Well, you have a great day here in Go. Go twist your transistor, where you? I'm five-eyed. Good luck to you. 57 a WIOD on a day that I could have just as easily stayed home and bed and had a great day. We have an open line and Broward 524. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Once twice? Eric. Yeah. Eric. Here's a coral spring, hello. Hey, Neil. Hi, Brett. Hey, you're an oeric, do you? Huh? I think Eric was just calling for her. Oh, no, this is an acudry. Put her across for me. Can I ask you a question? Who are these losers that are standing in there? They're looking in here like Frank and Stein is sitting in there. Oh, what are these people? What? Tell Sophie tell. You're what? What? From hotel, Sophie tell. Look, we learned to speak English, will you, sir? Hey, Neil. What is it? Did you play the same as Miss Smith? Hey, everybody around us today. They're all a bunch of foreigners for crying out loud. God, we think we were in Miami or something. Can I play what? The same as Miss Pumwich, that boy. Sample, I just played it. I didn't hear it. You're getting out of time. I just played it. You mean yesterday? Oh, you mean the Tumblr thing. Yeah, the Tumblr thing. I thought you meant the other one. Hey, could you? People are getting me very aggravated with these goddamn requests. I'll tell you that right now. Hey, can I call someone to do Spank? Quickly. Flashing Marseille, Do Spank, Carlos, and the Cole Sprint's, please, apart. Excellent, Couser. Thanks a lot. Okay. Hey, it's me, the PD guy. All this month, the PD service stations get a free Miami Dolphins, Sam Eastman, Tumblr with each fill-up. Hey, go. Get the whole set of four. The free. The Sammy Smith Tumblr set available with a fill-up only at P.E. It's a nice set. Look. And it's a like-and-location Sammy Smith himself will deliver your glass to you. Here. Nice. Well, hold on to you, where's today? You can. Oops. 1259 at WIOD. We have one open line. It's on the out of the world line. 18944. WIOD. Still have had no cough from Mr. Finkelson. We're ready for the other Schmendrix and Pompano Park with a number. I would love to add that to our Camille sauce total because we'll make a nice and impressive. And get up to about $95,000. But we don't have the damn number, Alan. Will you people over there get on a stick for crying out loud? What is wrong with you folks? God. Anyway, we got to Chuck Meyer sitting in for the last day for Rick and Suds. We'll be back tomorrow, life from the O.B. Parade tomorrow. Today, it's Bill O'Riley of Inside Edition with all the sleeves that you can handle and probably more than that. Speaking of sleeves, Joseph Gackey along with setting herish on Sports Talk tonight, 605, live from the Sheraton Bell Harbor. Hank has another night off tonight. He got in Panhandle, raise a little a little a little cash for holidays tomorrow and Wednesday at Ialiah. The holiday bold tonight either at 710 or 8 o'clock. Take your pick. A biggie, Iowa and B.Y. and you. This is how for it is official station. Of a 1991-1992-or-ends bowl. New stock radio, 610 W.I.O.D. Miami Ford Waterdale in the Palm Beach. Good afternoon, I'm Tan Stewart in the 610 W.I.O.D. News Center, the temperature at 1 o'clock 70 degrees from the W.I.O.D. Weather Center, meteorologist Bob Soper. Let a plenty of sunshine today tomorrow, even New Year's Day. Complete forecast coming up. We have a late-breaking story out of Fort Lododale at this hour. Details are pretty sketchy, but here is what we know at the moment. There is an apparent stand-off situation going on now between police and a gunman who's hold up in a Fort Lododale liquor store. Police believe the may be a hostage involved in this situation as well. It's happening at a liquor store along Los Alas Boulevard. Greg Newell, a chartered boat operator nearby told W.I.O.D. News. He and a group of children on board his boat, heard some of the gunfire. We were saying putting the boat down and we heard the spot. And then all of a sudden, I ricochet and get back to us and then pieces fragments hidden into the water next to us, and all the dock within inches of us. And look around, everybody's look around, what the heck's going on. It's sounded like a shot. W.I.O.D.s Jennifer Ram is in route to that situation and we'll be keeping you posted throughout the afternoon here on W.I.O.D. Other news this afternoon, police and bay route. Now say at least 15 people have been killed. 25 others wounded when a car bomb exploded in a residential neighborhood this morning. Four buildings were destroyed and ten cars were reduced to piles of twisted metal, the fourth car bomb explosion in bay route this year. Two Americans killed as hostages in Lebanon, a back in the United States today. The bodies of Marine Coral Lieutenant William Higgins and CIA agent with him Buckley, or honored at Andrew's Air Force base this morning. For Americans, the hostage taking simply reaffirmed the importance of our resolve. And we will hold those who bear responsibility for these murders to account. The Fencecretary Dick Cheney was joined by Vice President Dan Quail at that memorial service this morning. They've decided the nuclear issue, but other weapons are still a problem. This says the former Soviet republics agreed today to put the nuclear weapons under a single command, but they could not agree on how to handle the conventional forces. Some life is being pumped back into the real estate market, home sales and the Southeast and United States were up. He 11% last month for the second straight month in a row. National Association of Retailer spokesman Wal-Maloney says even better times are still ahead as well. We're now looking at interest rates at the lowest level in about 18 years. So the fact that interest rates are continuing to trail down where just one of the reasons we feel that sales will be up 7% next year. And recapping our top story at this hour, we have a standoff situation going on at this moment at a liquor store in Fort Laudadale. Apparently on Lasola's Boulevard, a lone gunman has hold up there, double the YOD's Jennifer Remis, and route to that situation will be keeping you posted throughout the afternoon. Now coming up on 103 at NewsTalk Radio 610 WIOD's SkyWatch 610 Traffic and your weather center forecast coming up. History-making medical discoveries are generally the result of years spent in a laboratory. A personal sacrifice is made in the name of science. But today, if you suffer from arthritis, you can make a medical discovery of your own. The moment you try, you can lift a mint ointment. You'll discover the possibility of pain relief without pills. Now, without a pill, you can ease your stiff and sore joints. And without a pill, you can get relief. You see, you collectumants you need formula penetrates fast for deep arthritis pain relief. It dilates tiny capillaries and creasing blood flow with oxygen and nutrients, and helps relieve pain around the joint. You're a collector, but it's so effective, you may find yourself depending on pills less and less. Sign this way the lifetime to make a discovery that may help millions. Your discovery happens the moment you try, you're a collector. You collectumant ointment helps eliminate the pain. And quite possibly the pain relief pill. Look for your collectumant at Eckard. Use only as directed. Now, Skywatch, 610, traffic with Mike Paxton. And thank you to him this updated service of MetroDate Solid Waste Management in Dave County, an accident eastbound of William Lamin cause we're approaching Colin Savinute. Other accidents northbound 95 at 79th Street. And one of the Okachilby Road rampages southbound Paul Mado. Now, in Broward, an accident northbound 95 north of Broward Boulevard. And a vehicle fire so-called St. Delay southbound 95 south of Hillsboro Boulevard. In Palm Beach County, several accidents on 95 northbound north of Bointon Beach Boulevard. Southbound approaching Hypaluxa Road that went with entries. And the other one southbound south of Bointon Beach Boulevard. Remember you can't put grass and tree cuttings out with your garbage anymore. It's the law called MetroDate at 5,9451 for more information. With replaying coverage, I might thank Skywatch 610, WIOD. From the WIOD Weather Center meteorologist Bob Soper calling for a few scattered clouds around the Southanoon temperatures getting into the middle of the WIP for 70s. Few clouds around tonight with overnight lows in the upper 50s. 105 the temperature in South Florida 70 degrees. Next news update is at 2 bulletins at once. I'm Dan Stewart for South Florida's news traffic and weather station. Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD. What a job. Farah, what a pity. Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD presents the Neo Rogers show. To get in touch and talk with Neo dial 751 WIOD from day. In Broward, it's five to four WIOD. Outside the 3.05 airy code. Sofre 18944 WIOD. And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD. The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those of this station. Now, here's Neo Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIOD. For 1 to 2 hours. Okay, we had a thing I was going to play there but I don't want to leave Ellen. I'll hold that longer. Then he'll start sworing on the urchin. I apologize for that, but he. You auto apologize for that. People are talking about that from coast to coast about that famous potty mouth. Allangia. And people are talking about Camilla's house because of this race tracking coast to coast. Right. And the very proud that the total is 6567. Wow. And 57 cents. And you're knocking me and calling me names. Always like dialing a lot. You know, live. Talk a gift house in them. I can't believe me. You're on the verge. You're starting to get him. Tell him you're going to sell. I wish all your people, especially the Camilla's house, are happy and healthy. And the same to you. Now listen. Oh, when's the night is dark, right? Yes sir. I just want to make sure about these things. I don't know if you can start. Believe it or not. Tomorrow night, I dining room is sold out. Really? But in some, you didn't sell my table. Did you? Your table is your table. If you don't call me dirty name. Okay. And Friday night, Neil. The, when Call of Witness is down there. When you get down there, the check will be presented to Camilla's house. And Mrs. Ranna's going to be there, right? Is Ranna making his presentation. Great. Her idea and it was great to manage and went with this and we're proud with you. Well, leave it to one of our Michigan people to come up with the real generous side. Leave it to a Michigan guy, calling a what you're like me dirty name. And leave it to Joe Pavia to win 100 races on Friday night. What did he win? Six or seven. Six. Great. Just unbelievable. Sure. And he's not from Michigan. He's from the art. Well, we'll excuse him this time. Okay. Thanks Alan. Bye. So that's our new total. Now how do you like that? 94,648 dollars and 22 cents. And we thank Meg Green for that. You're making a commission. You like that. It's just the way you said that. Well, here's situations. I'm idle living here. I live here. What are you going to do? Write me a check for about two million and see if I'll quit my job. Let's try it. Let's go cash it first and then see what happened. Well, I'll charge your performance here in the next few minutes. You just make it. Listen, we, I've been with Madata. It's born here, but don't live. You have lived here in 43 years. Where are you from? Well, I was born here in North America Beach, but I grew up in New York, central New York. And now I'm doing some business. Wait a minute. What is central New York? Oh, it's true. Well, don't say central New York upstate New York. I'm from Rochester. You're from Syracuse. That's right. We're right, sister. We always call you a Canadian over there. Yeah, right. Well, listen. I got news for you. We got more class in one block of Rochester than Syracuse and general electric has. And that whole, that I don't want to get into it. Well, that's quite a lot. I don't want to start looking down my nose. It's Syracuse. You know, you're going to know that. I mean, you guys got a good basketball team. The best one that money can buy. And a geeky looking basketball coach. I hope this is your your evidence of the fact that they're brainwashing Rochester's work very well. So it's just a problem. Right. I'm not really going to know how your show works. I do listen. We went to read the car. We put it on an AM and a few stations in the FM. But let me cover a couple of things. And you said, what the hell kind of a show is this? I can't say exactly well. You know, I'm used to I'm following. I'm in the business. And I know it's a nice little Tennessee. And I've got to pick business up there. And I'm in broadcasting. But so you're in broadcasting? Yeah. What I have is, I'm not going to get into it. Now I was interested in your travel reporter. I've got a network of radio stations that you've got to see. We provide transport. Yeah. And so anyway, won't get into that. Now a couple of things. Well, we could use you. Even if you're given them for up there, they'd be more accurate than the ones we get for down here. These guys are with disaster. They're more on. They are that bad. This is going to be the most expensive phone call you've ever got. I'm going to. It's well worth it. Believe me. Well, let's see how judge it after I see how you do here. Double. Double thing. Let's talk about a couple of things. Here's a guy big shot from Knoxville, Tennessee. He's going to judge me on how I do on his phone call. Go ahead, sir. I don't want to be careful. He sounds like he's got a few bucks going on. I know, Bravo. Listen, number one. Let's talk about that like quickly. Okay. You want to enjoy settle like you've got to hit pay you. I don't have to. You've got to hit pay you. You're missing out. What am I missing? You're missing incredible sports. I don't want to see Tom Broke up. Pick his nose. Why he doesn't anymore. He's got a pretty little picker. Yeah. And rather does. He's got a pretty good quality like picks every part of his body. Got to get him. Got to get him. Because pay you now is no ball. They've got about 10 or 15 good satellites in a lot of pieces. Metapacker moving. Green for scrambling or the moving pay you. Got to have pay you. If you don't pay you, you're losing out. I'll get. You just make you happen. That's quite not in call. We make sure you can throw that number two. Bahamas. Yeah. Yeah. There was something negative about the Bahamas. Haha. Some negative thing. Can I sum it up for you? No, no, no, no, no. Look, we got about how much we say to the accountable place. Crystal, but they treat us pretty well. Yeah. We haven't had to proud to press there in the casino. Yeah, no. I can shoot over there at a doozy. But other than that, you know, they're pretty good people. The rip off palaserve. We had gambling here. This community would be the paradise of the entire globe. They'd be flocking in here with big bucks instead of just flocking in here on rubber rafts. We'd have some real money. The economy would be great and we'd be doing it. Well, that's true. There's an argument there. There's a bunch of reality. It's the right politicians and that was called the best. ours. Exactly. Nwise but not least. Yes. Every time I go into Miami, you know, my parents brought me here. Backward children every year. I've got to learn more Spanish. See. My English doesn't be less good. Yeah. A little frustrating. I've put down anybody. But, you know, if you could, you know, come up to beautiful Broward County where I live. So we actually have five people up there. Still speaking in glaze. Yeah. I saw that. So other was assigned and said, did you need to learn speak English? Unfortunately was written Spanish. Right. A little bit. That's all I got to say. Bad news. No. No. Do I have any questions? Yes. What are you going to say goodbye? Well, I think you've done a pretty good job. Okay. How would you rate this call on a scale of one to ten? You've been pretty good. It's matter of fact, the better. And the next time around, it'll be before we leave. Run the next trip back. We'll give you a call. Give me an update. I'll do that. I've been rate lives. You're a good boy. And I'll send all that money in a brown on the on mark bag. Okay. 12 minutes after one at Wild. We have an open line in date. How come when he called? I had to feel he was a broadcast. You got you know, something to do with his business. They all put on that little phony year. He's a good guy though, because I think he's got a few bucks. Hey, you know, I'd be delighted to tell you about that brand new melting pot. Here it is almost new year. And they were going to be open like days ago for the holidays, et cetera, et cetera. Here is another example of where Steve Paris is going to come in and blame somebody else for his own being a bull shooter. I have to be real careful on that. Okay. He is a bull shooter. He gives you more garbage man in 30 seconds than the entire Broward County sanitation department collection five years. Talks of great game. We're supposed to know about that brand new melting pot. If it's open right now at 62 90 north federal highway in four Lodderdale and they prestigious promenade Plaza. It's going to be the biggest, the most beautiful pot of them all. But in the meantime, you can enjoy that delicious fondue, including that new cage and cheese fondue with shrimp. That's the best item on a menu even better than the chocolate fondue desserts and that's sand lot. That should give an idea of just how orgasmic that is. You'll find the pot in Kendall on sunset in North Miami Beach, 3143 northeast 163. And crossprings right off the corner west sample road and crossprings drive and in Boca at 54 99 north federal highway. Take out your family and visitors and pains in the ass. The guests for a fantastic fondue feast during these holidays spend a few hours one evening at the pot. Here's your chance to see America's most promising figure skating town. The top middle prospects for the 92 winter Olympics. It's the United States figure skating associations premier figure skating event. 92 US figures skating championships presented by New Jersey. All the beauty and grace of championship figures getting comes to our land. Now let's go to our land. No one January. Athletics skill and artistry come together on ice. Sethonations, best ice skaters need in the last competition. Before the winter Olympic Games in Alberville, France. See exciting figures skating. January 7th through the 12th at New Land. At 1992 US figures skating championships presented by New Jersey. Reserved your tickets now at any tick of master outlet called 07-839-3900. Don't miss this rare opportunity to experience the unique and exciting sport of competitive figure skating. And remember, someone who sees they go on to win an Olympic goal medal call now. This Saturday, history will be made at highly apart in the 1992 Flamingo Stakes. These superhars, pistols and roses winner of the Bahamas and Everglades go after the Flamingo Stakes. See him become highly as first derby bonus winner and early favorite for the Kentucky Derby. See the $300,000 Flamingo Stakes on Flamingo Day. Saturday at the New Highly of Park and Race Gorts. It's a celebration of sport and entertainment with a special appearance by Willie Torino. Miami's favorite pop Latin entertainer in concert. It is to be in the making Saturday. As pistols and roses, this to become racing new champion. It's Flamingo Day, a celebration of sport and entertainment. Come early, gates open, 10 o'clock and 12 exciting races begin at noon. Here Willie Torino in concert at 130 and see the crowning of another champion in the 1992 Flamingo Stakes. All at the New Highly of Park and Race Gorts. Saturday from Mango Day. 116 at WildD and let's right now go to our WildD new center for a newsflange. Okay, thank you Roger. Good afternoon. This is Dan Stewart in the sixth year. Neil. Okay Dan. Six double WildD new center. We just want to take a moment of your time. Bring you up today quickly with a hostage situation. We've got going at a liquor store in Fort Ladadale. More specifically, the Plaza liquor store in the 2900 block of East Los Olis Boulevard. The situation began a little bit before. One o'clock in a continues to unfold. Greg Null has been watching the whole situation from where he is. He's got a white pants white T shirt. He's backing up. Everybody's got a standing around. He's got race here. He's backing towards the cops. I guess they're in there. Well, if he's backing towards the cops now, he hit the fence. Now he's leaning against the fence. There's up on these down. There's no little. There's one foot over the other foot over. He has behind his head and he's backing up to the lips. He's backing up to the police. Two feet there. The cops grabbed him. They've got him. And Greg Null watching that situation unfolding. Of course, the area has been cordoned off. WIOD's Jennifer Remis in route. And we will of course be keeping your post throughout the afternoon. I'm Dan Stewart. WIOD knew. Thanks a lot, Sam. It's so 1117 at WIOD. What are you name is? Bad beard, too, by the way. Okay, I hope Jennifer doesn't get all breathless by the time she gets there. You know, because you know how Jennifer starts out real common. I think it's real breath.