Great day, this is going to be how you can just feel it. Spence is out there. The birds are dropping a gigantic load all over the cars and a lot, it's going to be tremendous. Sensational. The mosquitoes are the size of Maine, the state of Maine. I killed them as mosquito last night. I swear, they had to be the size of 15. Like regular little puny mosquitoes, just incredible. But we don't want to talk about that. Do 8 course not. We don't want to talk about the incredible going zone here at WIOD, where everybody is losing it. Can we open up while you're there, right? You just flip open those blinds. Because I don't want to miss anything. We might get, we might have some brawls out there in a hallway today, OK? They're going nuts. And I love it. I mean, I'm the kind of guy who just likes coming every day and everything goes along quietly. But having been in the business for over 30 years, I know that's an unrealistic expectation. So if you're not going to have that, you might as well at least have some fistacop, some insanity and screaming, and it's just amazing. Just incredible what goes on here. Yesterday, one of the people, we have all these people that wander around in the hallway. There was a guy from Arbitron in Atlanta who waited around yesterday to meet me. Just loves this show. I hope he's still in town. I hope you're listing right now, sir, because I said the same thing to your face that I'm going to say on here full of crap. And he admitted it. I said, you people don't know how to survey this market. He said, you know what? You're right. They haven't got a clue. None, zero. And he was going on talking about well. The next trend's going to be a lot better. I said it better, be. And he didn't know what I meant by that. But they haven't got any idea what's going on here. But why should they be any different from anybody else? Mindy from Kis leaves out 105, sending the Mendian Mollow era says, one Carlos Cotex and the Miami Herald this morning. One Carlos Cotex who wouldn't know a radio if they inserted it in his public. He writes, for example, during the first year of the Mendian Mollow era, hot 105 was on top of South Florida radio ratings. But ranked sixth in the spring rating survey behind power 96 and 99 jams. Sixth in what spring radio rating survey. There is no spring radio. The spring book is still like only a month. We have one trend from it. The spring book won't be on for almost two months, one. He ought to work in our sales department. Because he got a clue, none. I don't know. I'm kind of twang with the idea. I was going to mention this on a year. But I was called into a meeting yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock. In a perfectly good frame of mind, leaving this building as I usually do within 30 seconds after the little hand it's the big hand. With our general sales mangler. And one of the, this, I have, the reason I told this story is because I think it can be a valuable lesson to everybody out there in the world, not just in radio land, but who works for slime balls and the geeks, which is most management people at all levels. And since we have had some serious consternation here recently, not just affecting me or this program, but our entire operation, there have been some certain things that I've said, which resulted in a meeting with our salespeople, which is forthcoming Monday morning at 8 AM in this building. However, prior to that meeting taking place, I guess it was decided by certain powers that be in this building that it's time to use the Cox broadcasting technique 102 of take the asshole and put him onto defensive and blame him for everything so we don't have to take any heat. Even though we're incompetent, we got no idea what's going on. And I looked this man straight in the face and I said, do you really think I'm going to sit here and listen to this crap? Do you think that I'm a child or an adult? Do you really believe that this is going to be effective? I had a stroke over it just over a year ago. And there's one thing important to me and that staying alive is the Beegees would say. I'm not interested in playing games with people. I'm not interested in a horse crap. When I dog, the little dog, big one don't do it, because he can't cover it up because it's too big. He just makes too big of a pile. But when a little dog, I guess most like carriers and little dogs do this. They go in the yard, they make a little pile back, they're a little deposit. And they run about 10, 15 feet away from it. And then they kick their back legs into the dirt like they're covering it up. And you know what, it never works. It never covers it up. It don't even come close. Stay your people, our airs holes. I'll get to Richard Salis' latest piece in New Times by the way. There's a new letter to the editor in this week's edition, which is really, and I know you're out there listening, Big Baby. By the way, there's another guy named Richard. So we can add him to our dick at the month club. Getting back, though, to my point, my little lesson in life for everybody out there in radio length. Because let's face it. Most of us do work for other people. If you're one of those folks who has your own business or your own hotdog stand, I say hats off to you. Hallelujah. You'll probably live at least 20 years longer than the rest of us. But one of the things that happens when you work us and the interesting part of it is when you work for corporations, the bigger they are, the more the bureaucratic crap. And the greater the chain of commands. So we have all these meaningless people and between the top and the bottom to try to act as buffers. Buffers owns. We have more chiefs than the seminal Indian reservation here. No Indians, but all chiefs. Everybody has a title. Now getting to new times, the Neil Thing revisited this means warped. It says is the headline. Regarding Susan Cole's response, letters made 29 to my letter from last month, I thought I'd better come forth, says Richard Salas, Dick from Miami Lakes, who it turns out as we read this letter, maybe like he may be an elementary school for all we know. Confession of Wilboy Duno is he's listening. Confession number one, I did not write the letter to rip into Susan, but rather I saw a good chance to dial up Neil, which is actually pretty entertaining. Confession number two, I will admit to listening to the Neil Rogers show more than I should. However, given the sad state of the radio airwaves in this town, I eat teeny-bobbed dance music, vulgar rap, angry, anti-caster rhetoric, all these on a Yem at Cetara. I don't believe Neil is the entire problem, he says. I've been crushing my dial left and right, A.M. and F.M. for a while now, I find plenty of garbage. Confession number three, I was reprimanded by several people in school and at work, in school. Is that like pre-Kindergarten, which school is that? And what grade is it? And at work for referring to them as simple-minded authoritative geosix packs, well I guess I must have overstated the number of Gilbert's living in South Florida. To start ashing the constant references to me and the people on this show, the people who have been on this show and who call this show in our part of this show, he goes on, Dick does, saying, don't get me wrong, I'm not going to retract my entire letter. Neil is still a not-faced ward, feeding off the flesh of this community, give us somebody cool, like Howard Stern. Better yet, let's get WFT out of expand their signal in the dates we can get Steve Kane and Rick Siderman. I can't think of anybody cooler than Steve Kane and Rick Siderman quite frankly, and the fact that anybody would put Howard Stern in the same breath with Rick Siderman indicates that we're dealing with a prepubescent child who knows nothing about broadcasting or entertainment and probably should be working in management at WIOD. Richard Salas, old dick in Miami Lake, strikes back again, Edibley dick, I hope you have a great day, and I hope when you graduate, probably pretty soon he's graduate and right moving out of junior high. Neil, I'm the guy you love the rip on. How mine is on, scouting mag. 1026 at WIOD, all the celebrities all the time that's our motto here at WIOD, in fact Dave Graveline made the marquee out there. I was smashed into channel 7, come and work this morning, I couldn't believe it, almost did wheelies out there in a parking lot. I just went nuts. Dave Graveline, the new hostess host of Wiken magazine on Saturday morning. And being the friendly type that he is, he brought me in my own solo flex calendar for 1991. It looks very wrinkled and a couple of the pages are sticking together, but I appreciate it very much, Dave. I want to tell you, I have got something in my hand right now, not that. Well, that's pretty funny too. But anyway, this Disney just handed me a picture. If we had TV, I'm telling you, here's a picture from 19, I didn't say the year, but it's got to be 70, seven was surrounded there somewhere. Or no, it's before that, because he was on doing overnight, it's 1 to 6 a.m. Larry the King, would they hairdo you? Remember that, when I show the old Donny Hughes and you see that long sideburns and that gigantic amount of hair looks like a wig, like cousin Brucey's wig? This picture is just incredible. And this has got to be from the 60s, I guess. The guest list, the famous names who have faced Larry King across the W.I.O.D. microphone on Mondays through Saturdays 1 to 6 a.m., sounds like a copy of who's who? Show business, great politicians, sports, figures, top business executives, people from all over the world at all walks of life, bend over and let Larry kiss it. Larry has proven to all these individuals he's in our particular master of conversation and butt sucking his informal easy manner makes even the most tight-lipped, open up spontaneously. The result is a highly entertaining show that is the talk of Miami. Oh, if I could, if we just had TV, man, you think Howard's got bad hair. This is the most incredible thing I have ever seen in my life. Now, how come I can't find? Every time you want something, oh, here it is. We're done on the bottom. Nice hairdo, Larry, you look fantastic. You're just incredible, Larry. And then we'll do it that. 1040 at WIOD, I want to thank Sunny for our salad day. That's all we need to say. We don't have to make a big soap opera and a project about that. Let's try to act like adults, okay? Let's try to be adults and stopping such juvenile. Let's grow up a little bit in this country and in this radio station and in this audience too. Here's a, well, I don't know what to do now. We got a moment now. You're not going to go away, are you? No. You'll hold on one second. Okay. Because I have a mobile in candle on their dime. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes, I just wanted to say thank you for being frank and very straight to the point on everything you've talked about on this radio station. I've gotten a rattling turn it on so you come on at 10. But thanks a lot for that. Appreciate it. And that's what they're talking about. Well, thank you very much, sir, for your rank. For my disadvantage. Thank you. Sorry to be in the spurrogus. Boy, you should put a lot of a spurrogus and I love a spurrogus. Here's a lady in Viro Beach. Hi, Neil. Hi. How are you? I'm doing fat, fat, fat, fantastic. Well, I'm really glad to hear that. Have my great salad here from Sunny's Market. Do you have a lot of fun? I feel a full of piss and vinegar. Does the management really get mad when you mentioned Sunny's place because advertisement didn't get any money from it? Let me say this to you. I don't care what management gets upset about if when it's literally little things. I mean, I can understand if they get upset when you do something because none of us is perfect and I've done things that I've regretted and other people when you're talking spontaneously. 20 hours a week. There are things that come out that maybe you could have said better and not said at all. But the fact of the matter is that Sunny sends the puny little salad over here every day. We don't go through a big song and advance about it. Flores sends food over here every day. And that said, it's not a big deal. And if it is a big deal, we can have another executive meeting about that and spend a couple of hours screaming in each other about Sunny's salad and about his white hair. Well, we can call in the sisters to come down for more every day live and the board of directors from Cox Enterprises. And we can have a big meeting about Sunny's market and whether or not we should talk about Sunny unless he spends $50 million a day on radio station. Okay. I don't know what all the controversy is. I mean, we talk about Spencer who's after Washington, everybody's car right now. Give him all kinds of free publicity. I don't see Spencer spending no money on his radio station or should he have to. Your hostile deal. No. But am I right? Yeah, you are right. Okay. Well, it's not a question to being hostile. It's a question of standing up for your right, standing up and being counted. The problem in this world is most people are whims. Wouldn't you agree with that? Yes. Not that I'm trying to pull words in your mouth. Most people are whims. You know, yesterday I turned on just before you signed off and you had Rick on with you for a while. And I've been listening to you for a while. And up here in Vero Beach where sometimes we get great reception and sometimes we don't. But the show is good enough that you know, you tune in. That you make an effort, which is a tremendous tribute to your excellent taste. And you know, I might not be in your market. So your people don't care what I think, although I do by snap. Well, I care what you think. And to hell with what they care about, I care a lot about what you think. I listen to people calling you from Georgia that get you on top of a mountain. Andry. I go into a convenience store or I go into get some gas and I hear you on the radio station there. And I mean, we're far away from you. So I just wonder if your management or the office realizes what they have. You know, I'm from Boston originally and I've used to listen to the radio up there. But I've never seen the following that you and Rick and says, yeah, I think that maybe they don't know what they've got. Well, I'm certainly going to tell our sales department that on Monday morning. They haven't got any clue what they've got. And where they have any idea how to sell it or market it or postulate or present it. They haven't got the foggyest idea. Well, they were perhaps pay a little more attention to what's going on here and be a little more involved and a little more have a little more communication. The station should own AM in this market. Not that we don't. I mean, we do, you know, we bury everybody else. But we should be like 50 miles ahead looking back over our shoulder laughing. I think it should be syndicated. Yes, that's man. But I felt bad yesterday. You know, I turned on to get through the day and when I'm driving my business. And I turned on the radio and here's Rick and Sads who are totally knocked out because the management, which I thought was a poor management decision. I don't know what it's all about. But to call these two people in 20 minutes before they go on the air and have a CS meeting and totally neck am I was sitting. When did that happen? Well, yesterday. Oh, it did. You know, well, you could tell something had happened because, you know, Sads didn't want to talk and Rick didn't want to be there. And it's not their fault. No, I'm not sure. But I think they had to do with some of the stuff with sales that's going over. They get all these different things, foisted on them at the last second. Well, let me answer that. Well, they know nothing about how would you like it? I don't know what you do if your housewife if you work. And how would you like it? Let's say you're a secretary, okay? Uh-huh. And you're sitting at your typewriter to desk. And I come to you when I say, uh, at 4 o'clock or 430, when you get off today, you've got to drive from Viro to Jacksonville and you're going to do a 72 hour appearance there, standing on the top of a TV tower, hang by your thumb, start naked. Wouldn't you say to yourself, well, wait a minute, at least if I have to do this, why didn't you tell me like a couple of days ahead? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, of course I'm saying. And you're sitting down with his mind all year to getting out of here to a clock going home and taking care of his kid and his lovely wife and living his life. And all of a sudden, at last, they say, oh, by the way, Marvin's going to go out and stand on the corner naked up in sunrise today. And you've got to sit here and say, there's a clock, cooling your heels because you're just a dummy and a P on. I think it requires just a little more organization and a little more, you know, see, the thing that bothers me is, are you there? Yeah, I know. I think that bothers me is I'm not one of these people that asks for unreasonable things. Like when I say the mic cordon here that's been sitting since today, I came here for two and a half years. It's got a shorten it keeps cutting in and out on the year. And it sounds like we're in a caloric station when it happens. Couldn't we get like a new long mic cordon here that would cost you maybe like 798 it came out or it the brand's martyrs. And oh my god, what a there he goes again. He's starting in again. I see quitting. I mean, you can't we discuss these things intelligently like adults and solve the little stories of our everyday lives and the answer in this business is no. Because they're just trained to be defensive and psychotic and hostile. And why? Why is it necessary? Why can't you say it is a little problem here? Let's see if we can do the straighten it out. Well, I think you have a blood bath and toss the things across the desk back and forth and call each other names and take 20 years of each other's lives. Why not just deal with the problem intelligently like mature adults, which we wish we were. I think if you move to a different station that everybody would follow you. They're all the same. And believe me, this is the far beyond for me, but this is the best of all. Okay, I really is hate to say that. But it is. I mean, at INZ, it was strictly a case of mommy. But I'll take the break when I'm going ready to take the break, George. Don't be looking at your watch. Unless you want to stay here to midnight. I have to go. I just say don't like be calling and talking about this. No, I got to take a break. What do you mean day? Who's day? You think the management is standing outside the windows and get her off? Get her off. They don't tell me what to say here when they start doing Ed boys that I walk right down stairs to get my checks or I can come into Marl. Well, I wish I luck I'll call you again and be good. You hang in there. I'll see you in Jacksonville on the tower. Okay. See you later. Bye-bye. Okay. Okay. She's scary. Tails can come true. It can happen to you if you're carry heart. While the white is away in the townhouse you play. If you're carry heart. A big price you'll pay. If with women you play. Not once it was twice. You are caught with miswrites. You're really not too smart. If you can't stay apart now you won't be present. Carry heart. You won't be the present and no. Carry heart. You know this is incredible. This is amazing. I'm so glad she called this morning. One of the first things I rushed to look at in my paper in a son's center in the sports section to see if we have an article about the getting the baseball team. And if you look out of the depressing national league standings there's this article Sun Sentinel wire services. And now and I'll expansion cities greater report cards next week is the headline. And it says the National League expansion committee will reveal its recommendation to other owners next Wednesday just before the Major League vote on the two new teams. Philadelphia, Philly's president Bill Giles, a gentleman on the expansion committee's four members said Tuesday the recommendation will be made by Bapapapap. Things have been changing kind of rapidly in the last two weeks. And we've just said we're not 100% sure who we're going to recommend but we were almost there. We have still not made our final determination. Okay, that's in his son's center. And the article here that she just alerted me to on the front page of the Harold. Miami's bid for a Major League baseball team is the number one choice of the National League expansion committee which is already passed along. It's recommendation to commissioner. Faith Vincent. It says. And then later in the same article it says Philly's owner Bill Giles joined on the committee by a so-and-so-and-so-and-so. And then we moved to another page here page 19 where the hell is page 19? Said Tuesday that committee members have 12 Vincent which cities they favor Jiles refused to name the cities. Okay. So they're quoting the same person. And one paper says he says they haven't decided yet and things are changing rapidly. And the Harold which in this particular case finally knows what's going on says they've already selected their cities which once they favor and they've already passed along the Bill White and to commissioner. So it just goes to show. It's like a one-coat text is article in Harold about Mendie and Molo and about how they were number six in a spring book and a spring book and even it's not even over yet. We're still in a spring book. Don't come out to like July. Oh God, the world is full of crap. Let's go to a car from a real city since an 80 ladies and gentlemen. Oh Neil, let's go red. Well, let's get started boy. Last night was pretty depressing. Pretty oblique. 13 strikeouts by cone head. Cone head. David cone. Anyway, listen. I do know who David cone is sir. David cone. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And he pits for the Metz last night and beat your ass for two and struck out 13 in the process. Hey, it happened. Yeah. Stuff happens. Last I heard. And the chap is the same people going to get the NL. No, no, no, they're out. Stender and my auntie. What? I want to hear from a real source. Why is that? Because Wayne has anger is a multi millionaire who's got the money to pay cash to the National League and write a check for $95 million in addition to which we have a stadium which is completely finished and renovated for baseball and their stadium over there needs like 30 to $15 million more work and they don't have the cash on a barrel head. That's why. But Robbie City and last time I heard, need like $10 million. And then Robbie Stadium is complete. Where have you been sir? Are you like a way for a long? Robbie Stadium is completely renovated. It's all done. It's a done deal. They played two exhibition games here a couple of months ago. It's done. They packed the place. It's fantastic. We're ready to rock and roll. So it's done. We got it. The Marlins. All right. So the cups are coming down there. Yeah. Sir in the reds. And the reds. And the astroph. And the Braves. Ooh, that'll be exciting. All right. Now on the on the flip side. What about the Indians? Where'd they? Where'd they go? Where'd they go? To hell. Thanks. The Indians are in the American League. Do you know anything about baseball sir? The Indians aren't even in the national league. I know they're not. So then what are you asking me that for? All right. So you're saying the Indians are going to tap the same feet. Yeah. Right. And who's on second? And what's on first? Right. Have a nice life. That's a two and two days. Isn't that we had some idiots from out of town the other day from my ladder somewhere and we get this jerk off from Mocens and Addy. They're on a phone. Gun, was that our time? We paid for that. Oh, no. Now I know where they're upsheds. My stuff is is classic, topical kind of talk, ready. Other half of the stuff is just nonsense. But what was that? It sounded like a familiar voice. I've heard very serial. I'm sorry to say. Well, I've heard very serial. I'm sorry to say. Well, I didn't even write you a title. I didn't even write you a title. Oh, I didn't even write you a title. Oh, and for it's dude. Mm-hm. Run. Run. Run. OK. I'm depressed now. OK. I'm a big and my anti-top radio at one time. You know, either golf. I know you think you're being funny, but you're not far from wrong. Yeah, yeah. I love when golfers do that. Oh, yeah. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. What is that? Who? What? What? Who? I have a break. Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who's that girl? Who's that girl? Who's that girl? Who's that girl? Who does he put in his life? Who's that girl? Who is that girl? Who is that girl? No. Come on, be calm. Come on. Come on. Come on. You go up the building. Call my wife, her son, her son. Who'd she be like her sons? Dad. He's that girl. Who's that girl? Dad. Oh, that's going to be the worst one. I got to get no one. That's see that name is going, hey, at the end of that one. Let's get some runs. He should have said that like in the first inning last night. Maybe gotten shoot him. Wouldn't it help? 1127 to WIOD. The Marlins look at the Phil costing boy. His head is all lit up like a neon sign. He's ready to rock and roll up their man 81 home games. They'll have to wheel us out of that standing by the end of the season. Man will always 600 pounds. God Almighty. Henry will be in a prone position all day and all night. Oh, speak of the devil man. He's like if you're not allowed in there, Henry. Where's that old Larry King picture by the way? Boy, you'd love the, did you see it? Oh, God. Oh, man, making the Larry King picture pale into insignificant. Boy, we must be cleaning out the attic, getting the cobwebs all cleared out of this joint. Henry has a picture of his very self from about 1806. That is incredible. That's just, man. I got to see that up close in person. Let me take a look at that. Wow. Man. God, it looks like he just drank four gallons of gramma bone with that spit-eaten smile out his face. Look at that. And that's slick back here. But at least it's a little dark. It doesn't have that, yeah. Boy, that's incredible. What was that? 1882. 86 bore ore. 70 something. 1870 something. Not too far after the Civil War. Well, I'll tell you. Did you see this all the way now? The one that's on here. Larry with a haircut. Take a look at that. Ah. Oh, yeah. What year was that? 60s? That was like 1860. 71. 71? Yeah. What are you doing to do it? All before Dick Girsten nailed it. OK, it's 1129 to the new IOD. That's terrible. I shouldn't have said that. I love that thing at the bottom about how he kissed everybody's butt. They all have been on a show. Well, at the same time he had that, I had to go to and long here. Oh, yeah. That was good. Some of those pictures. And then they'll do it that. OK, he says that about everything. He likes to cover up that pants that can't imagine what my enemy beach. Yeah, hello, Neil Hawer. I'm doing OK. I saw this Larry King show last night. It was the most horrendous thing. But I was not going to do it that. Yeah, it was the worst. Some guy with like holding his face. Did you see that? Larry? Yeah. That's up. Anyhow, I'm calling to say I'm a met fan of from New York. Guy wasn't a Mormon was he? No, I don't think it was a male man. It's something exploded on him. OK. And anyhow, I'm going to New York on Saturday. I'm a met fan. I'm going to do it that. Yeah. OK. And I called you in like September when the dolphins were going to play the Giants. Yeah. And we had one like two games and I said no way, no way. You know, you're going to beat the Giants. Well, anyhow to make a long story short. You know, it happened in Tampa. But after the year, I became an actual dolphins thing. And there were a couple of games. Really? Yeah. Oh, Bob. You're right. Saw the, the, who are those team, the Phoenix Cardinals? The Phoenix Cardinals. That was a good game. Yeah, it was all right. All right. But Danny Moreno, I'm with Hank tonight. 8 to 11 folks. Oh, yeah. 13, yep. Hi, Juan. They don't make him any better than Dan Moreno. Sir, I'll tell you that right now. I'm better than Dan Moreno. OK. All right. Thanks a lot, man. See you. The rock, the bomb beach in the world. Uncle Ted did throw on some boxer shorts. Let's cruise our bark and rage with some babes. Excellent. Our money, women, and co-in tech. Uncle Ted, dude, let's use our inch of his last name to impress these babes and do the wild thing in the countdown. No way, Bill. Yes, wait, Dad. Excellent. They're rich. They're powerful. They like to swim naked. Well, you're going to be Smith and Ted Kennedy in. Bill and Ted's ex-foot adventure are to the next genatize. Yeah. Excellent. Coming soon to a good interview for your next. Excellent. And I'll put the fucking key in with Miami. Hello. Oh, yes, Neil? Yes, sir. Good morning. I was in Las Vegas last week. Yes, sir. And I was in Dallas, and I joined myself up there. And I was at the place that you're mentioning as far as that Chinese food. I was at the Golden Nugget I believe. No, I didn't mention some colors. I'd never been there. Probably because I was down there and they closed it up. They probably lied. They made it a pizza, which is not making nothing. They made it a pizza? Right. There's a piece of place now, and they're really down the drain going down. That's what it goes. By the way, they were making money. They closed it down. But I can't imagine why people would want to come down here and plunge a money when there's nothing here. Plunge your money on what? Are you still working? I'm going to the track mode of pop it on my plunge my money on a quarter horses and those two gray races would jack Moisea from the metal lands. But other than that, I would certainly work on Miami Beach. There's many years of it. And I can't believe people are coming in there and there's nothing. This isn't Irving, is it? No. OK. And I said I'm very happy I knew to make a nice voice from talk radio. Well, I know, you say I'm like, say I've been there. I'm there in one year. I'm going to be going down Las Vegas and moving there. Where's this? You're going down Las Vegas? Right. I'm going to try and keep driver. Well, that's good. Great. Great choice. But like I said, it's really nothing down here. It will entice the people. Yeah. They as far as gambling. It's just not going to happen. Well, they got a real good Wendy's out there too, by the way. It's 1143 at WIOD. You don't put him on again. We have an open line in date. Seven five. That's almost like talking to Harvey of Miami Beach. He formerly Harvey from Kendall. I think Richard Salis is really Harvey from Kendall and drag. If you ask me. Let's go to Alpalaca. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes, here. Good evening. Are you doing sir? Pretty good. Radio Spire report. Management strikes the can over at Y100. What? They came out with a memo of what the guys would do and not do what they eat, but they say how they said, dress code and go. Oh, man. Are you serious? Who the hell do these people think they are? They read it on the air and then they played something and then they didn't come back. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Wow. They walked like 20 minutes ago. Who are we to? Who is the day? Not the morning guys. Yeah. Morning guys. That's the only thing they had over there in L.I.100. Those were pretty good. Yeah. They walked. It's awful. When did this happen? Are you serious? I don't listen to a normally guy right now. Not wait a minute. Not athletes for what he didn't walk. They the morning guys. Well, he's part of the morning show. Yeah. I. He walked with normally a friend of mine. Did I ride around with he listened to it all the time. He likes what they do. Yeah, they're pretty good. Yeah, it's better than a lot of the other stuff. And he was sitting in the car wait for me and he said they just read this memo. We listened to him and went to the next place and they didn't come back. They put the gala on after them. I mean, no Paul jerkball from a shear, whatever that guy's name is, but they're pretty good. Yeah. He's a way for me. Yeah. They got pulled off the ear. They got meanked off the ear. Yeah, George just say they got yanked. I'm taking off the ear too. What's that hurt? Yeah. They probably got like Danny Jackson, probably got a growing pull now. I'll be damn well, maybe they can pick for the cups now that they got some free time. We'll take anybody. Well, thanks for the info, sir. We can probably explore that in depth right now. Probably get a whole bunch of stuff about that. Some straight poop on it. Thank you. OK, well, I look at this. We needed the, I just get the feeling that this whole place is getting out of touch with reality. We just don't know what's going on. I good run your Rogers. Mike, there's needs to wish what you believe in. Please, with Grover Gary Bruce, too. Henry Barros, Jewish, could you conceive it? And go feel constant as to. Johnny, Doc is here. This can't just smell it. When previously on the bus here too, as a matter of fact, all the cox employees are Jewish since I fell in love with you. We've met Milligan since I fell in love with you. No, the Gensionelli since I fell in love with you. Wow. 151, a WIOD. We have an open line in date, 751, 9463, Miramar. Miramar, how you doing? OK. OK, Neil. Yeah, first time, Father. Fantastic. Sir, welcome to our little party. Yeah, and guess what? I heard you're in the war. Yeah. I heard you a couple weeks ago saying where to heck Carlos, people. That's right. Well, it's like three now, I think. Yeah. Well, I got a little interesting story. It goes back to what you were saying about don't be a whip and stand up. Right. I'm a bad at it. My wife went up to a veterinarian up on Coni-Wine Road and 441, and she parked a vehicle out there. She calls me at about 1030, Franix saying that the car was stolen. One up there, and that was the police. We took a police report. About three hours later, she's going back up Coni-Wine Road or going back up 441. And she noticed the vehicle was parked there. She called me at home and says, hey, the car is back here and guess what? There's four new tires on this thing. You're going like, what are you talking about? So I go back up there, learn the whole about three styles down his tire kingdom. And I'm met with a manager and he tells me right away that a woman came inside and ordered fully tires on a 88 silver dot. Yeah. Well, mine's in 85. Right. And mine's a total great. So he tells me the first thing he says, uh, we identified the car, the key fit, and we brought your car in a put for two tires on it. He says, what we need to do is to turn on and take your car, put it back in there and get the tires off. Why? Yeah. I says no way. I don't understand what you're talking about. It doesn't make any sense to me at all. Okay. Who brought your car there? My wife was out of veterinarian. But who brought your car there? My wife. She was at the vet, which is like two buildings down. But who brought your car there to the tire kingdom? How did they do that? No, no. Oh, another woman came in and said, I want $40,000. I'm like, yeah. On my car. Oh, I see what you mean. So they got the wrong car. I got you. And if he fit my vehicle. Well, that's great. That's comforting. You know, isn't it? Yeah. Oh, and then they turn around and tell me that I got to take my car in there and take the tires back off. Well, of course. No. No way. Oh, you get the four tires? Yes. I didn't authorize them to work on my car. Yeah, but it wasn't their fault. I was, I'm like, you don't identify a vehicle by the key. You identify a vehicle by a license point. So somebody screwed up. So what's the bottom line to it? The bottom line is this guy. He turns around and wants me to sign a contract. And everything waving them with any liability. Yeah. That's it. No way. So what happened? I walked away. So you got a police case number, sir? Yeah. And I'm waiting. See, you got four new tires. So what are you complaining about? I'm saying, I don't know. I kissed the ground exactly. Kiss the ground. I'll get the other. I'll get the frog. Other people would turn around. Oh, yeah. That's right. You're right. Now I get the point. I mean, it was a little convoluted, but I finally got the point. All right. Yeah. So hey, stand up for your right. Good job, sir. Okay. See you. What is he talking about? Okay. Now, that kind of back this poor guy and Palm Beach up against the news now, I can make it quick. Okay. I hear that Ron St. John is on his way over to Paris, so that the French open. He's going to be doing the play by play between Shabby, Keene, and Shalish. Now, that's not Ron St. John. That's boom boom. Don't want to, whoever. They got it, you know, with the essence. Yeah. But my question is what happens when they go to do so? Oh, boy. It's in the bag, pal. See you later. Thanks. Boy, she must know Vampire. Chuck's Meyer. Chuck's Meyer said, uh, his wife got 30 bites. At, uh, well, that's okay. It's not a one of getting to it. 1215 at WIOD said, bite this is what he said. Well, he's upset the Pirates lost for a change last night, but we lost to him. Make sure we don't close any ground. We want him to have at least a 20 30 game lead by the All-Star break. We have an open line in date. Seven. I was thinking during the break by the way that we could kind of steal a dolphin saw. And just insert the word, Marlins. Miami has the ballads. The greatest football. Now, see that well, baseball team. We take the ball from goal to goal. Well, I won't quite work from base to base, huh? I know one's ever seen. We're in the air. We're on the ground. I always had control. And when you say Miami, you're talking super-pulled. Or something like it. Don't forget, Dan Moreno, Mr. Football with the Hank Goldberg tonight, 8.2111. Phil Coston, clean it out that room closet. And they're just probably in an old picture of Hank, too, from 1979. Boy, you think he's fat enoughly now. There's an open line in date County 751 WIOD Miami. Hello? Yes, sir? Neil? Yeah. First time call it. Great. And I'm also George's mechanic. Really? Yes. Boy, good luck to you. You must be a miracle worker if you keep that going. We're trying. Listen, I just wanted to ask you a question. Why do we need a baseball team so bad here in Miami? It's, I mean, maybe time will turn on the radio. That's what we're talking about. It's baseball baseball. Maybe I'm being naked or something. But you know, what's the big deal, please? Not about baseball. Did you stop me? No. No. No. He jumped the floor. I dropped the phone on the floor as what I did. I mean, dropped the icon of floor. Probably broke it. Did that be because of my question? Yeah. You know, while you must know George, Mr. Anti-Sports, you heard of the Anti-Christ, Mr. Anti-Sports. I just loved baseball, but did I? Then if you loved baseball, why wouldn't you want to have our own team here? But I just think it's having a baseball team in a community, kind of meld, oh, there's that booky board spot. I'm sorry. What was I saying? Oh, I have it a baseball team. Like unifies the community. It brings us together. It gives us a focal point to rally around it, especially in this town. God only knows we desperately needed to give us an identity. It helps us stop being such a little bush leg, perocule, a slime ball, Yahoo town. I know that, but I mean, I just thought that our issue is that we can cost and put this all the time. What do you mean by issues? Do we discuss issues on this show? Well, no. I know. I don't know what you need to discuss on this show. I mean, it couldn't be very important because it's only the major story on a front page of the prestigious hero today with a big picture of Wayne and Zangam. I mean, bid for baseball ranks number one. So, obviously, not important story. Well, I get it from my angles. My daughter worked for the hero. That's what it's about. It's just a story. Everybody's baseball. While it cuts it's a big story, it's a most exciting thing to happen here since we got the dolphins. And that's a long time ago. That's 20 years, six years ago. Well, I guess it is important then. I just got it after course. One last thing. I mean, it's looking. It's not as important as the fact that people are starving on the streets and that the people are getting slaughtered all over the world. But again, we have to operate within the context and the confines of human priorities, which you're all screwed up. I can't change the human race. OK, I just can't do it. So you may be able to pull a miracle to make George's car run, but I can't pull off the miracle at you expect. All right, I understand. One last thing. Can you do me a favor? I doubt it. Not after this in tempered call. What is she doing? It just hit the recording over to head. Wait a second. Rick. Rick, you got him in it? OK. Back to it. That's all I wanted. It's too late. Oh, it's cold outside. We should. I had a water coat or a hot bowl of soup. Now you can have both. Scarlet go is back. And now we're ready for whole man-winter with crab-go sensational thermos coat from crab-go. Imagine a rubber line coat capable of holding up the five gallons of skull and hot chicken soup. Is it cold yet? Of course it is. So just burning on in your field like a million noodles. For the, now you're looking, look at it. Look at it. Look at it. Move rock. And if he's hungry, no problem. He'll just open the flap on his specially designed sleeve and start sucking. Boy, there's a lining that really sticks to your ribs. Get it? Of course you will. Get one for your dog, too. Yes, it's crab-go sensational thermos coat. Available in chicken, ministered, and clam-chowder. And often the unbelievably fantastic super-low-low price. I've just 9.95. Yes, 9.95. How do we do it? Follow you. Just listen to how loud I can talk. So get your crab-go thermos coat today. And remember, we prep the whey, say. If you buy this. You'll buy anything. There's no further sucking. OK, 120, six. That's wishful thinking, I guess. How about 226? 1227, a WIO, D-Rimes with Heaven. And we got a call from Richmond VA. Neo. Are you in a VA hospital or in Virginia? I'm in Virginia. Well, that's your problem. I called you a couple of days ago. Hey, they're going to name the team, uh, what? The jack-offs. No. What did they get a call team? They were saying it before this or the guy? The Marlins. The Marlins. Is that the name they're going? Yeah. That meant too bad. Who cares what the name is? I mean, it's interesting to, uh, you know, for fun to talk about, but what's a big deal? Oh, I don't know. We're getting a copy of that. I mean, is that the best people can say, well, we don't like the name or what's the name going to be? We're getting majorly baseball. And it's horse and buggy, gut forsaken. Right. Minorly, slime ball, uh, just refusing to come into the real world town. Well, no, I don't know. And that's the best we can hear as somebody had before calls was all over the day. Well, it shouldn't be Florida. Well, cares. And the uniform. I can call it the slime balls for all I care. As long as we got a team and we got real major league baseball, we get the trouble that messing the car. Those are the hard ones and the graves and the Dodgers and my, the reds. What? If I had the ability to do, I take you out here right now. I'm taking God damn teeth in. Go on over there. Anyway, uh, what is this number? Are we getting all nuts from out of town? Is that it? We used to get like good calls from out of town. What is your story, sir? What is the purpose? I'm out of touch. And Slipper would say, what is the purpose of this call? I'm out of touch. Well, I just want this. 12, 28, a WIOD. We have an open line of that. I mean, they do that on our dime and absolutely destroy this entire show. We have to pay for it. What's in the, uh, what's up in the air there, by the way? How about bointing, B, cello? Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. OK, I got scared. Scared this morning because I want this team down here too. So I get the sent sent on all up here. So first thing I do is, as I want this team, if I turn to the business section, first page of the business section about Wayne's little company here, and it turns out that Cox wants the cell about 82 other stores. Right. And I guarantee the owners, I mean, that's what they're reading. And as soon as I read it, I hope to tell my wife. I said, let's hurry up and get this done with. And I just think that everybody up there is, you know, reading the same kind of information and a power of where he was the one, you know, owner. And what everybody really thought was going to be beneficial. I think to really pulling back and looking at that now. And, you know, like, I'm really concerned about it now. I don't know. They're pulling back and looking at what? No, I mean, no, I mean, the big thing that they were looking for is they wanted the one, you know, powerful owner. Yeah. They didn't have to worry about, you know, where they didn't have to worry about anybody else. But now when they're reading things about his stocks gone down 40, 40% this. Yeah, because this got for second company, it's not all those block prices. The stores they're going to deplet all of his reserves. He's going to be in a poor house. And so we can blame Cox enterprises for costing this town majorly baseball. I agree with you. So I'm going to have another big screaming match with them in the hallway this afternoon, just like I yesterday. That's why I wanted to just mention going to that conference room right now and slam that door and everybody else on the outside. OK. And then I just want, and I wanted as just basically one more thing. You know, those are barrel, those Henry, those Henry barrel things, where he does is what he's done over the years. Yeah. I've only heard this one one time. He said something that he helped to disclose information that brought on watergator something did you ever remember, remember hearing now one word? No, I can't. I really can't. OK, Neil. OK, thanks a lot. I think you're hallucinating, sir. Maybe you've been drinking the same stuff, Henry. No, I know. Ask him. There was one where he made where he made reference to he was influential in disclosing some information. That brought about watergate. I'm not making that. Henry, do you remember that one? No. Oh, OK. OK. This is memories a little a week. Maybe he'll remember by tomorrow. OK. Thanks. See you. Do you have trouble dealing with reality? Are you constantly being told to get a life? Do you find that your best pickup line is, I've got money? Well, you could be suffering from Johnny Dark's disease. Millions have been afflicted with this debilitating disease. But now there is something you can do about it. Hello, this is Dr. Irving of Brownwoods. Now there is something you can do about the nation's no one called for loneliness. Johnny Dark disease. Here at the Center for Retina Research, we believe there is a cure. We haven't found one yet. But we are confident that after you spend your money here, you'll feel somewhat better. Come in for a free assessment today. Don't walk around with your head up your ass, your whole life. Do something about it. Come on, 1-800, I'm a loser. $35. The first minute, $0.50 additional minute. All models over 18. I'm the sender, Margie. Wrong one. 16, 16, WN, Bay of C. OK, it'll queue up pretty soon. 1-48 at WID. The only reason this guy comes in here is two reasons. One for free, snap, and the second praying that I'll talk about. I'm giving him some attention because he knows that nobody on the coast even knows that he's on a year. Johnny Dark. 6-6-6-WN-B-C. See, the reason you're not there anymore is if you would have had that in the Django, you'd see it a bit of hit. No, don't put his mic open. I got a lot of calls here. They don't want to hear your crap. Dear field. Yes? Yes? Have him to hold. Yeah, ask him to hold. He's not an important call here. Oh, hi, how are you? I'm doing OK. Good. I like how I hold this guy's on here on a very important radio show. He has a trouble with, though. He's called me from Chicago and he's got my cup tickets for Saturday. I don't want to put him on hold. Should I put you on hold? Yeah, that's how he'll come back. No, he'll come back. He'll come back. Oh, I'll screw him then. He works for you, so you like to brow beat him and just play good. He's not even going to the game. Make his life miserable and treat him like some kind of a suckling and always blame him for your own stupid stupidity and incompetence. They do hear it at W-I-O-D. We're really playing Cox Broadcasting. Let's turn the tables one-o-two-three and four on everybody. You got to do some of that. Call people and they try to brow beat them and make them feel useless and humiliated and degraded. They're in front of everybody. When it's the incompetent assholes in his building or the ones who are letting all that money fall through the cracks, even a Rockefeller has never saw the money they let fall through the crack. No wonder they got a cello as blockbuster store. They probably can't even afford to pay the payroll with the kind of stuff that's going on back here. Have we all be saying? You feel better now? No. Okay. Because we're not getting the team yet. What's the deal? I'm sitting here at my desk. I'm just reading a notice from Major League Baseball that I got because we make some MLP products. It's only how to get my artworks to the new team. Well, I got news for you, Sir. It's in limbo. I wouldn't put it quite exactly that way again. I thought it's kind of delete that from our agenda here today, but I can certainly relate to your feelings. It's a... I'm a sucker. They've puffed in. I've never been to Rikley. Well, it's supposed to be a week. A week from today and we got the big thing in a Harold and a front page. And I'm getting everybody all hyped up. We got baseball fever, Bapapah. And now we got a week because they're all busy playing politics and playing a bunch of crap. It must be because it's the only thing people will call you about. No, it's not the one thing they call me about. Most of what their call is is they hate baseball and are sick of hearing about it. I haven't heard that. Oh, yeah. A whole bunch of little pinheads up. A whole couple had two small, a care warrior, a jox strap. They don't understand what it really means to a city to have. Exactly. That's my point. But not really. They don't want to have it because they don't like that. They don't want the city to be cohesive. They're like, this stress and this hate and this constant, the crack that goes on. Are they in drive on it? They enjoy it. If you've ever been in a major league city on opening day, you're really getting to know that. Not just on opening day, just walk them to really begin. Walk in a Fenway park or tiger day. I'm in a Fenway on opening day. Really feel that you just feel the electricity and the atmosphere and everybody's having a great time when they're losing. And it just all, it's great. In closing, you do something about those Henry bells, but. What is what Henry grew up spot there at their terminal? You mean once that everybody keeps calling and talking about? They're awesome. I wish I could do something about it, but you know what? No, I can't. I really can't. Have a great day, sir. You too. Fight. 150. Did he say you too? Oh man, brings back memories of Stan Major, doesn't it? You too. Well, one thing about Stan is show me a medicationly amount of tone. But boy, his taste of music was horses. Stan's a great American. I wish him well. I hope he gets a life. But so 150 to a WIOD. That's a hint for him to call me later. So I find out what the hell's going on. He's a Fenagling and the Dealing and Wheeling. Maybe a win a lottery. Here's a mobile in the Gables. Did that lift out with that guy? Let's lie there. No, it's not on the air. But you got to hear it because you were on the phone. Well, it was, uh, what's the worth to tell you the truth? Yeah, it wasn't a real good one. No, it was, uh, it was like he did it on purpose. I really think we're going to get screwed. I don't really do it. Well, you know, that happened so many times he'll be getting used to it. That's exactly it because I've even been hesitant to talk about it, even with my friends because I don't want to put the whammy on us. Yeah. And now, I mean, okay, so before when they may be announced, been that they were going to postpone it, it was bad. But now that I find out that Cox broadcasting is involved with a blockbuster. It's like a death now. Oh. Yeah. What's the connection there? I, I really seriously know nothing about it. Well, Cox broadcasting bought several months ago. Well, a whole bunch of blockbuster stores and they were like, you know, pumped a whole bunch of money in there, which was actually, it was, uh, dancing in the streets about. So what's the difference of Cox sells their stores? It doesn't affectizing it all then, right? Since Cox or, well, it brought, it brought his, uh, stock way down. I don't know. Who, we were asking me about finance. I don't know. Okay. I'm just lucky to be able to get my paycheck out of the way. I'm going to, I just feel white. Right. In other words, his stock has dropped like a rock. Okay. We're going to get screwed, but with the F word, you know what I mean? Yeah. It's bad news. But it's not as bad as the reservoir playing these days. The F.S. and the, oh, listen, did you see that? The Metz came last night when Conan Harold's in got me. No, Chuck, Chuck, Chuck was telling me about that. I was busy watching the Cubs get pounded. And I occasionally turned over and saw some of the, uh, Metz came, but I didn't see that. And of course, Harold said you do understand after another couple of losses, Harold said, we'll be out. You do realize that. Well, if he starts messing with the star players, I mean, not that I'm a David Coleman fan, but he's really all they got in the manner. He was awesome. Yeah. Well, the last two starts. The Cubs, he was just tremendous. And last night he was unbelievable. 13 caves. And he just, oh, they, we see the thing about Conan is he's either brilliant or he sucks horrendous. And he's going through this little phase where all of a sudden he found it now. But I wouldn't, I wouldn't count on him for a second.