How did this get the deal? Who's dog-rated? 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers show to get in touch and talk with Neil dials 751 WIOD from day in Broward and 524 WIOD. Outside the real 5-air you code, so free 1-800-944 WIOD and Bell South The ability customers make a free call by dialing star IOD. The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those of this station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on news. 610 WIOD. Well, that's the deal. Not only the stand-off, it's Democrats, man. Help! In today's story, Democrat Man and his faithful companion, Bageboy, are trying to counteract a spray force that is turning Democrats into Republicans. We're watching this table run over Democrat Man. Because we must discover the Bushman's secret power that is ruining the Democratic Party. He's been to college this year pretty good job of that already. Why, big boy? Did that buzz in the background? Yeah. We wind a tape swallowing. Okay, but I don't think... Listen, Donkey. Bad. Bell a friend. Bell a friend. Yeah, that's it. The Bushman is sending some little message in the LF turn that off, page boy. We gotta go. Yeah. He's boy, are you okay? You kind of mean good. Yeah, and well brilliant. All right. Page boy. He was also getting next time when you're here. He wanted a good guy. Kinder. Gensler. Oh, there's only one thing left to do. Put in my Ted Kennedy exercise tape. I'm going to go to the left. I'm going to get you. Top 10. Take this guy so good. You try the baby. It's time for you. Yeah, it's time to visit your free. So come down to me. Get in the jury. Hurry. For the $2000 rebate on the free. Get up. Get up. It's time to celebrate your tea. Okay, that's for sure. All right, because he just happens to be standing in the other room. 10 25 at WIOD. Here's a lady in North Miami Beach. On the starline, who's gone. Hello. Oh, you're there. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Good. How are you? I'm doing okay. I wanted to say happy birthday to you. Isn't that nice? Why? My birthday is today. Well, back at you. All the great people were born on November 5th. That's what you're all going to say. How old are you? Yeah. 49. My last birthday in the 40s. Yep. I'm a quarter of a century. Wow. You just like a spring chicken. So what are you going to do today? What am I going to do? Well, I'm going to do a great show here. Not. And then I'm going to go to Mommy's for lunch. That's about it. Uh-huh. And then go get my car's emission check. I went over there yesterday. And the thing is closed on Monday, which really frosted my brains. The pain and the relief of this event. Yeah. I mean, I found it with no problem. Thanks to the audience. Give me directions. I go over to high-a-distro. I take a little turn. I go down to the thing. And I thought, boy, this is great. There's nobody here. And guess what? There. Close that Monday. I'll remember that. I see that also. Well, I have a great day. I'm just special today. I'd like to go out to dinner or go rob a bank. Yeah. Something like I was planning on that. Good. I have to eat. Yeah. But you're better hurry up. There might not be anything left. Yeah. Somebody beat me to it. Well, I have a great day. Thank you, too, Neil. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. 1027 at W.Y.D. Now for Alan who wrote the fact. I was she didn't call to get into the egg. Great intellectual discussion. I think she's some kind of a bubble brain. I couldn't have a discussion about something more meaningful. And Joe blows a douchebag. Shame on you, Alan. This idea that you have to be one dimensional life is just a pile of crock. As some of those right-wing football coaches would say, it's a pile of crock. Stuart. I'll have me personally, Neil. Oh, no. Are you in Stuart? I'm on my way to the fabulous facility. I'm on my way to the place where I'm going. Oh, great. I'm not liking it. I wouldn't have said a card, but have you seen how much stamps cause these days? I know it. That's why it's easier to use other people's material to come to cheat. Anyway. Yes, Lee. Junior. 28 years ago today. Yeah. Alex Bennett was exactly the same age you are now. No, it's a matter of fact. I just read the examiner. And the rumor has it that he's still out there and pampering this guy. Oh, no. And he's getting his jolly's on a trolley, and it is like just turned 17 today. Absolutely. So maybe he'll find some cheesecake after all. Well, we're some deep-skinned things are happening. That's correct. You know, let's be a speaking of strange things. Uh-huh. I heard Stan Major on the Sun Network the other night. Well, that is pretty strange. How's he doing? Well, I just want to say, oh, Stan, don't give up your day job. It's just a joke. Oh, okay, Lee. By the way, Debbie Ellis. She was supposed to get a job interview with WLM. Yeah. Oh, fine guys from the stock yard, right around her episode. She's trying to say, oh. Okay, Lee, hang in there. Okay. Okay. Well, he is out of control today. Isn't he? 1029 at WIOD. Let's go to Coconut Creek. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. He's wanted to call with you a happy birthday. Well, thank you, Sean. Thank you. Uh, for inter-came it that you provide to that daily end. To thank you for all you see to for our community. So again, happy birthday and have a terrific day. Thanks very much. Thank you very much. See, that's the kind of calls we ought to begin today. As people are a little more grateful and these little pinhead slabs out there. Who I've nothing better do than call and make gutterwell sounds on a radio. But are they going to get a little gratitude in this town, huh? For all the hard hours of sweating and puking and pouring over cassette cart tapes. And by the way, I don't want to pick on Rick Riley again. Or said in fact, Thursday said said to me that on Friday, who was going to go through and straighten out that the new rack over there. And I took a whole bunch of carts out for that. You'll fade it remotely. Did Friday to play out there. So I left a whole bunch of slants in there. What they did is they took all bunch of their stand wherever there was an opening. They jaded in there, so to speak. Now, how are they ever going to find? Of course, I took them all out and stuck them on the back thing here. But I mean, how the hell would they ever find them again? Talk about organization. You can't complain about theirs because they haven't got any. It's embarrassing. It's almost as embarrassing as the fact we got three open lines on the board now. This is going to be, I can see already the fifth consecutive day of absolute desperation on this show. Not for any particular reason. Just they're just not in a mood to talk. They don't want nothing to do with me. They're upset. They're angry. They're hostile. They're psychotic. Whatever it is. They just don't want to play the game. White House Point. There at this theater. You're a belly. Yeah. Papa. Okay. See what I mean? There we go. Miami. Hello. Yeah. You're right. All the great people are. Port on this thing. Another one. Yep. Well, how about that? Sir, what are the odds of that? Pretty slim. Yeah, what do we have to do today? Well, thanks a lot. Can I have to one day know? We can just do this for four hours. If it beats stock and asshole like Peter, that we've just done the phone. Wow. And today is David Duzberg Day. You're right. I'm on the greatest big Lord, born on this day. Yeah. Very funny. I'm not kidding. Deal. Have a great day. Bye bye. Load out your notes. 1031 at WIOD. Let's go to Lady in North Miami. Hello. Happy birthday. Well, thank you. I thought listening to you by the time of the Gulf War. And fortunately, unfortunately, I'll cook. Well, it's an accurate. And isn't it amazing that somehow we managed to play a lot of humorous stuff about the war and still managed to do a lot of serious talk all at the same time on his show for about two months, which may come as a surprise to Alan the Mavon on the Facts Machine. I have the radio on a work whether my boss likes it or not. Sure, show. That reception is a very bad radio, whatever. In North Miami, you have bad reception. Well, wait till we get our sub-currier in the North Day. That'll be great. Yeah, I'll come to court. Thank you for everything. You look good, great. Well, thank you so much. Have a great day. This is great. The suction man is tremendous. I'm almost getting the anchor out of the seat. 1032 at WIOD. Here's a mobile on I95. It's Frank, are you okay, Frank? I wanted to have you birthday, my friend. Thank you so much, my pal. And I really want to make something that they just have a great day and enjoy yourself and happy birthday. And we'll see you in the next part of the park tomorrow night. Bring 20-30 thousand. Don't make any excuses. We need your money. Just bring a big bag full of money. And drop it on the doorstep. I'll be there. Okay. See you later. See you. I can't wait. There you go. If Alan Finkelson is listing, there's a conver right away. He wasn't going to be there tomorrow night, but I just put a little bug in his ear and Phil Saltzman came on the phone just as I said that. How are you, Neil? See what tremendous power I have? I couldn't let the day go by without wishing you a happy birthday. Well, thank you so much sir. And once much you know that we had a great breed of cup-dakish balls. I couldn't believe it. 4,300 and some out of whatever was the all-time record, the handle of Carter, which goes to show that if you put on a great show, people will come out. Absolutely. And of course, the I-DW helps the raf. He does the raf. Well, it's been helping between the Carter and Popano, the I-DW has been like a blessing from above. And yet definitely come from six-thaw for. Yeah. And talk about highly as opening because it's coming to me. This Sunday, highly opens for why the people just can't wait. We'll be re-opening it apart, I guess, the time and March rather than pay, like we usually do. Right. And it's going to be a great win just to see a lot of the old-out that's been having been down in a couple years that kind of be back. You know, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big guys. And it's going to be great season of racing this year. So, we're a great race. And of course, I may be off the I-DW if I could see it's called it. Absolutely. I mean, I have a box. We have a nice box. I don't want to make anybody a colder feel bad, but Bob Savage provided me with a nice W-I-D box again right down there. A very surprised, so you just know that you had a box called it too. We do. You actually do. Since when? You've always had what you just haven't taken advantage of. W-I-O-D has a box that's called. That's why you're a D-V-L-Roger. Come on. I'm a year-yank in my time. I'm not, I'm not. Now that the meeting is over, you tell me that. I thought you knew, would you just chose not to come out. I'm a cigar. I can tell that you did so much that I thought that I had a box. I didn't know that, and I don't think Fred the usher knows it either. Well, it's the colder, how the facility box is always yours. Well, I'll be there. Well, I'll keep that in mind in March if I still have any money left. Well, let's, you know, we still have one week left to colder. We closed next Saturday. So maybe if you could find it, you know, some time, we know all your other paths. Yeah, we'll go back. Well, vacation starts noon on Thursday, so I don't think it's going to happen right now. Well, that's good to know. Sorry, sorry. And I'm looking forward to it. Okay. Anyway, you take care of yourself. You have a great birthday today. Thanks, we'll see you at Highly and OK, man. Great guy. Phil Salzman, the boys and colder 1035 and WID. We got to do a break, but we have somebody on the line. He's going to have to wait. Alan. Oh, wait. Ha ha ha. Calling for another freebie there today. Just out of control. They're all out of control. Couple of brown lines, not doing anything today. It's my birthday today. So Thursday, b7, what is it? November 7th, 3 years in WID. We doWID. Got all kinds of big doens this week. They don't give a crap. We've just reached that new renewal on this show. They don't care about anything. They're not interested. They don't want to speak to me. They hate me like poison. I'm a whiner on a completely Addi Addi. At whatever it is, Peter said from where everything was calling. They're right. I'm a bad guy in Screw them. 1036, a WID. Did you buy a job? 20 to 11 and a WID. By the way, the livesets, possibly running for the last account that we just turned on the year. on the air or not on the long that are supposed to be. And the account executive is off another bustling holiday with boy Gary up in Louisville and won't be back till the Mar. I'm telling you this place is just unbelievable Alan, but how you doing? The young happy birthday. Thank you so much. Thank you. I think Phil and Stolchman is a very nice guy. Tell him that the invited you to tell you he's got a box called her when you're going away and they're closing. Now I'm at the pump in a park. You don't only have a box. You have a cable. You have the racetrack and tell him that he can stir breached down there. We'll keep our harness racing up here and let him play his golf and invite somebody when they're leaving on vacation. I like Phil Solstman, but it's timing is awful. The next thing you'll be a box savage, you'll give you something in left field. But yeah, so there are mob savage things that care me highly. A lot of savages used to be in an house. It's just like the Solstman. He used to call a midget races. That's the midget on the horse's neck, you remember? Well, Alan, it's been real stimulating. And thank you for booking that party a one year tomorrow night. That's very good. Party a two. Expected two. Oh, you mean the other one? You mean Frankenstein? He'll be there. You see, I'm getting them in. Doing the best I can. You're doing great. Okay, we'll see you tomorrow. Thanks. See you. 1041 at WIOD. That's the chronic allen finkls in my any. Hello. Yeah, no. Yes. Yeah, hi. I just wanted to say. We're going to miss you when you go on vacation because I try to listen to all the other shows when you are not on. Well, it's still beyond. They play those tapes. You'll never know the difference. Yeah, but you have a lot better calls than we're getting the last few days. Yeah, but the other shows when you're not on day, they're really terrible. Yeah. Another thing about Duke. I hear that I'm not going to have the Olympics over there if he makes governor. Yeah. One more thing about did you see the report about a hand-haw feel? He's not on a kicker. Did I see the report? I saw him crying on the area yesterday. And quite frankly, we have a new era of athletes, the crybaby athletes. He was shamelessly crying. I mean, a guy messed a chip shot field. Well, they're what a one-to-game. And they cut him from the squad. He deserves to be cut. And he's in their crying and crying. I'm tired of crybaby athletes. You're getting paid enormous amounts of money. Do the job or, you know, cut it. Fisher cut bait or cut this. Right? Right. And just happy birthday. Thanks a lot. And I'm happy like. Have a great day. 10. 42 at WIOD sunrise. Deal. Yes sir. Happy birthday. Thank you. Go from. Hey, it's fire four. We're just talking about what Jim Barry. Did you see that last time? I don't watch Jim Barry. He is the worst. He's such a hypocrite. Because he came on. He ought to be in the circus with Ellis Rubber. I'm telling you, he is a circus. He came on crying. You know, they showed the clip about Ian how he felt crying and everything. And he came on and he was making part of him. And this is like a week after he, you know, pushed people down for the first thing stuff about Tammy Smith. Yeah, well, the same thing. It's the same thing with Zagaki and we realized right, making some real, and I'm not saying they were wrong what they said. But what an incredible turnaround after last week, excoriating all of the fans for the actions of a few people. And the fact that most of us are disincented with Sammy blowing games week after week. And Zagaki comes out at his, well, you know, they, and while we're, they didn't put him in the fourth quarter. Now, sure it wasn't good. We're going to give him a chance to fumble the ball and blow another game. I mean, you know, I believe that, but here is, there are all of the guys who are all in the bunch of front running. Exactly. Hey, listen, Neil. He did all over. He did something very sacrilegious on your tape, which is amazing. What is that? But, okay, at the end of the white one, he didn't do the lyrical thing. Well, that was in the back of the lid. I know, Mitch Lewis didn't put it in the right spot. But he, that was shoot, Mitch Lewis. You know, at the point, no, it wasn't his fault either. The problem was they gave us a big bum's rush on this week. So we used to go and they gave me like two days notice and you got to put this whole thing together now and then I put it together and then he didn't do something right. And so it was done on the kind of thing. But it was fun. It was fun. It wouldn't have to get the keys, but yet the rhetoric was amazing. Yeah, there's a lot of good stuff. Even the boots are on there. I know, Dr. Boots. Right. Just in case. Well, have a good one, Neil. Thanks a lot. Have a great birthday, right? Thank you. And get your mission checked. Oh, I'm going to do that. What you're admitting to me is that what might be in the, they, they think a little pipe up your tail. I know. I know. That's why I'm going. I'm going to. 10. 44. W. Y. O. D. Here's a lady in Miami. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Good. I just want to call him. Would you happy birthday? Thank you. You see, I sucked around a little bit. I've got a whole bunch of people who do this. Well, I've had a great. And I used to do the curtain all the time. And we, but I moved to Miami. I was suffering big time until I found you. Yeah. And so I just want to call him. Would you have a birthday and say thanks very much for using me? It hurt you. It hurt you. W. K. N. R. K. You're 13. Great. Thank you. That was off. Have a great day. Good to. 10. 45. I noticed the sofa was coughing and choking and puking. And the last two days I've been doing that all, oh, he's not in this building. I think there's something in the air. Wasn't he talking about the fact that there's something, some kind of pollution or, um, because I don't have any allergies, but there's something going around. And maybe that between that and the standard time. Do you hear that? Was that on Rick and Puddi yesterday? The guy called and said everybody's bummed out because we just made the time change at standard time. That's possible. Because there is definitely a change in the atmosphere a condition on this phone. And in the driving and everything else that's going on this time. Last, the five or six days brutal. Hi, Alia. Yes, sir. Can we just want to call after we should have a great day? Thank you, sir. Uh, if you're a little, uh, thank you. Who's, who's, who's, who's 40 nine? Yeah. How was 40? How mean, uh, in September, I was 42. Yep. Uh, oh, sorry. Oh, I don't want to. 49. And you were 42. Right. Isn't that cute? If you'll be fine, just let me know that one happened. Right. I don't like that. Okay, thank you so much. Excellent job. What? What do you say he was 149? 1046 at WIOD. I got a restaurant for you that will not your socks off. In fact, you don't even have to wear socks when you go there. You can go in dress to the hill or dress like I do kind of mediocre. The sloppy does make any difference. What does count is that the atmosphere, the service and the food are always up to stuff. The best. It doesn't get any better in this town if you want a great steak or great seafood. Then roots, Chris, steakhouse for years and years. They are the tradition in this town for great juicy sizzling steaks. Like I told you, the steak is still sizzling on that platter where they stick in front of your nose. You can cut it with your toenail. It's just fantastic. And fresh salmon and tuna fillets every day on them. Any wood live main lobster that are floating in fresh daily. Waying 3 to 5 pounds, great daily specials like stone crab and Gruper. enormous fatning delicious desserts like chocolate, moose cheesecake, New Orleans stuff, bread pudding. And of course, lot of great side dishes too. Like broccoli, a grottin and those potato. My favorite by far, the potatoes are grottin that are creamy and smooth and delicious. Incredible. And for a great night out in a meal of a lifetime serving dinner seven nights a week. At roots, Chris, steakhouse, you'll find them right on the intercostal on the water. The intercostal malnour shooters just up on Route 63. And of course, the original South Florida roots, Chris, steakhouse 25 25, North Federal Highway between sunrise and open park. Be sure and tell them fat old Neil older than ever. Since you buy to roots, Chris, steakhouse 1047 at WIOD. 1050 at WIOD. By the way, Roger was Tommy, the this morning that it cost seven bucks for Packer cigarettes in Canada. Pretty outrageous, eh? 50 bucks of carton seven bucks. We could send those day minions up there. They could make a fortune. On Bolival, seven bucks a pack. Oh, by the way, almost forgot that Jeff Cohen from the World Famous Pizza Loft is on the Abadline. Hello, Neil. Yes, Jeff. I wanted to say happy birthday. Well, thank you so much and get a haircut. Yes, sir. Oh, by the way. Thanks.