The club sucks. Miami, hello. Hey, Larry. Hi. Yeah, so we're going to get baseball down here. Let's show you up, I think, you'll know it by Thursday. Oh, yeah. That's great. It's about time this time. Got it. There's also about, well, you like to make two of the games. What do you think of, uh, you have any money, mind-like? To do the broadcasts, the games? Well, they'll get flooded with tapes from around the country. We have a lot of good second announcers. Uh, I have no idea. They should get a good young announcer. Uh, the kind of announcement I had hired two good guys. I wouldn't hire an older veteran. I wouldn't do that for gimmick purposes. I mean, you know, you could say, well, that's higher any higher. But I, uh, that while that makes some, that kind of force, it's not till 93, you're playing. I'd hire really two good announcers who are going to grow with you. What do you have? We'll go with A. I don't know. I'm not, uh, the mentioning the name Neil Rogers who I've done here. Yeah. I, uh, the last I heard him, a do baseball was years ago, and he did pretty good baseball. But he's gotten a reputation now that I wouldn't hire him. Yeah. Because the reputation is whacked. So I wouldn't want to, you know, that's tough break. But, uh, no, I guess he'd be good. Also, I don't know about his age. Portland, Oregon. Hello. And then they'll do it that way. Yeah. Right. Water reputation. Let's get Dick Gerstein in here right now. Okay. Write me a check. 1007, a W.O.D. Our first piece of business today is happy birthday Spencer. Spencer, be 65 today. And he's out there working his ass off. Well, and he's just, uh, he's feeling better. He looks great for him. And, uh, he wanted me to wish him a happy birthday. So please, please do it. I say, hey, my father. Happy birthday, Spencer. Okay. And our book just do a good job and don't to no next. Okay. So anyway, thanks to Dave Hyde, I don't want to make this whole thing. You know, another one of these self-aggrandizing things like the audience with all that suckin' around. Yes, they only want you to do the games. But Dave Hyde in the Sun Sentinel Sports section this morning as a column 93 forecast, where he's visualizing the first, uh, Marlon's game or whatever it's going to be at Joe Ravi Stadium in 93. And he's going on about the first inning to face the New York Met's Vince Coleman. And the pitcher winds up through and it says, oh, well, let's just say, radio play by playman. Neil Rogers called it incredible. Can you believe that? Dave Hyde in the prestigious Sun Sentinel rights that. I'm mentioning the name Neil Rogers who I've done here. Yeah, I've been, I've, I've, I've, the last I heard him do baseball was years ago and he did pretty good baseball. But he's gotten a reputation now that I wouldn't hire him. Here's the one old delivery on the way and here's a swing and a line grind, the left center, weaves going back. Still going back and reaches up and makes the game. And then they'll do it that. Okay, 10 away to W.I.O.D. That Larry Man, he's the best. And he had 11. Loving from head to toe, which is about like what? Two inches. Anyway, it's 10.09. We got all kinds of stuff going on this weekend. We got the big Friday night, uh, baseball fever day at the miracle. Come on out. Have a great time. All the veterans in there are families with proper ID getting in for free. All military personnel and their families. All others admission is only 50 cents, which I think most of you can afford. And everybody entering the ballpark will get a free American flag. We got other prizes, surprises, discount coupons from our sponsors, including advanced automotive, Wayne, Arnold's Royal Castle, Spice, Dapel, restaurants, Dany's catering, etc. Game time is 705. I'll be there at six. We got those ugly pictures. The bumper stickers and good time will be head by all Friday night. At popular on the municipal stadium. Let's pack it. Let's jam it. Let's fill it up. Okay. Pop it on beach. Hello. Can you believe that? Yeah, I'm here. Okay. How you doing? Get off that speaker phone. I'll hear you. I'm listening. I'll just kick one of my salesmen to fuck. Good. How you doing? That could ever be a bad idea. Huh? Okay. I'm on the phone. What's up, big guy? We're doing it. Listen, I read about that article this morning. I mean, don't you get any respect? What article? He just talked about the Sun Center with Dave Hart. What's wrong with that? What do you mean don't I get any respect? What do you think the article's about? What do I think the article is about? Yeah. The reference to you. Do you think he would agree that you would be a great announcer for the morn. Why not? I would agree with that. Well, I mean, he only met. It's like I little drop in there at the beginning. The article is about me. The article is just a little... I think you went to. Yeah, the article's suggesting that I'm there doing the game. I think that's not my opinion. And I'm really glad I'm not Neil Rogers. I think you would serve the confidence from the big cheese. You would serve a better purpose taking over for your messy and because his days and numbers. I got news for you. They're so pathetic. I don't want to discuss Chicago Cubs baseball because they don't play any. Okay. That thing yesterday. A Sandberg with an embarrassing error. He don't even get in front of the ball and knock it down. That run made the difference. Then big Dave Smith comes in. I big fat Slob and the night thing. We finally come from way behind. Get the lead. The first man he faces. It's a homer to tie it. And this poor kid Wilkins. It's catching who's going to be a good major league player some day. But it's not ready for prime time yet. It's just all these past balls and runs his score and Smith don't cover the plate. It's just they're like a sand lotting. They're pathetic. But I don't want to get excited about it. Why they can catch his around. What about Barry? Barry Hill couldn't hit his way out of a paper sack and since he had surgery on a shoulder he couldn't throw the ball from here to your nose. It's true. And big secretary hit a homerun. They had a chance to deal Barry Hill and Walton and the Nazis when he might have gotten something for both of them when they're still a phantom. And now that they've proven that they're both garbage, they're just, listen, I don't want to discuss it. Well, I'll see something else. Chicago Tribune is destroying the Chicago Cubs. It's all I can tell you. You know, S.E. and a strictly minor league manager. As much as I want to see Zimmer go, why did he bring in a guy like white he hurs like or somebody with some experience. There you go. Not a guy like a minor, even David Johnson would have been we could have ripped him. But a minor league manager don't know nothing. Who keeps doing all these stupid moves. He don't know anything about baseball, assessing. And he's a jerk. Well, I got a guy on the medsage. You should get that's wrong. Darling, because he, he's cornered. Well, pass. Well, listen, I got to get back to work. It's a nice talk and see and just keep up the good job. I have a great day, sir. Bye. See you. I'm going to take a couple of minutes past 10 to W.I.O.D. We got sunny and Joe out there in California. And LA, another tough assignment covering the big baseball meetings. Where it may or may not be finalized. They may or may not take the vote. But it's it's in. We're in. We're in folks. We're got it. We're going to get it. Let's go to North Miami Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? OK. So yeah. I see a problem with you and I being the announcers together. Yeah. There would be a lack of an ethnic balance. I see them announcing here they come to two wild and crazy Jews. Yeah. The ace sitting rest, you guys would be seeing and shut us out to the ball game. Two live Jews. The two live Jews. Or two fat Jews, one of the other. I tell you about your beautiful. Uh-huh. Keep up the good work. We love you. The mentioning the name Neil Rogers, who I'm down here. Yeah. I've the last I heard him. The do baseball was years ago and he did pretty good baseball. But he's gotten a reputation now that I wouldn't hire him. It's 1017 at WIOD. Bad reputation Larry. Right be a check. Well, yeah. We got two open lines of date and two and Brower. Look at this. I guess the bloom is off the glory already. We got a lot of excitement yesterday. But we don't want to overdo it. Two open lines and date 751 WIOD. Two and Brower. What is that? What is that? Brower number 524. See if I covered up here with a thing. I don't know what they are. 524 WIOD. Here's a Miami Sterling on a mobile. This is I can't take this Larry King thing anymore. I want to tell you something. Or Miami mobile on the Sterling. Number years ago when he was in town, I was an officer across the street capital bank. We found a door. We found his checks so often. We had to go to a house. So I'm in a judgment. You left town. We couldn't even get paid on the judgment. This is about as dumb as you can get. That's all I got to say. Don't play like that anymore. Okay. They hate him here like poison. Like poison. That's because they know him. To know him is to hate him and probably to be old money. Two open lines still and Broward. Is this your going to get off the road today yesterday? We were just sizzling. But I have a feeling it's going to be back to normal. I heard Rick and Sudd's belly aching yesterday on my way home. Just whining and carrying on and psychotic. I think it's because of what's his name's father now. It's not bad enough we got the moon scope. But now his father calls in. If you think the moon scope guy is boring. Oh Rick, come on. Give us a break. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey, you're all right. Okay. Listen after a Rick and put signed off last night. I switched over to FTL and believe it or not. Steven, the gang, you know how they just sit around and be as for a couple hours. Yeah. Because they don't have any programming. Well, they were talking about who should be the announcer and he says, Well, I hear that, you know, Neil does a good job. Everyone around town says he doesn't have an excellent job. Yeah. And your best friend Rick Cyterman. He speaks up and says, oh, no, he's a little less. He has no sense of humor. So evidently. So let me say this to you. Okay. First of all, I really have no interest in talking about them. And the reason being that it's a one note deal. Okay. Every day that's all that's all they talk about is Neil Rogers. I mean, you know, in between the urinary lady and Alice talking about the drag queens and all of that. Basically, it's just let's talk about Neil Rogers radio and try to get him to give us more publicity. I'm not going to do it. It's not worth it because what they're doing is so pathetic and so embarrassing. There's nothing going on there. Why do you think it's so many damn spots, Neil? Because when you go out and sell them like for 20, 25 bucks a sponsor, like a dollar a dollar a dollar, okay? If you punched it up right now, there would be a commercial on guaranteed. Well, that's great. That's why we don't waste our time. Okay. We'd rather hear more substance unless less 20 dollar commercials. I agree. Okay. Don't make them a stick against her. Let's see if there's a tip to find your team. There's a lady in town. She's in orthodox June. As she needs to buy bread that is unleavened. But it's late and she knows that the stores are all closed. As you really need to make a sandwich. And she's buying bread at 7, Neil. And she's buying bread at 7, Neil. And she's buying bread at 7, Neil. So what's the story? A Stevie still's going to be out tonight or run cycling with the ankle burr. And we don't know. Only the shadow knows. There's a lot of probably probably probably be calling it with a bunch of crap. Also, somebody called in yesterday about the stupid continental hockey league. And I have a whole brochure here. The continental hockey association. Miami. Are you doing Neil? Okay. Did you see your new times today? No. Well, listen. There's a guy in there. He's responding to a dick flutter from Miami Lake. So last week. Oh, yeah. Good old dick. Okay. Anyway, I just wanted to let you know something. 1040, WIOD. We have an open letter line. That was a Freudian slip and date. 7, 5, 1. Thanks a lot for calling dick. That was a dick salice on a phone. Turnpike. Hey, the height of the shirt side. Turnpike. What is it? What did you see on the shirt side? I said turnpike. Turnpike. Okay. Sir. On the turnpike. Okay. I talked to Hank a couple nights ago. And we were talking about who could do the announcing. How a night it would be for you to do the announcing. For the omolent. Yeah. And he came across something like, well, that one of the possibilities was Bob Costos. And he says, wouldn't you rather listen to Bob Costos? And I said, not really. What does that mean? Wouldn't you rather listen to Bob Costos? I don't want to get started. He didn't really say that. Well, he didn't say that. Well, why are you putting words in his mouth? You try to start trouble. I'm not. Yes, you want to. You want to. You want to get some trouble. You're like everybody else. The other side. I thought he would be a little bit more supportive of you. Hank isn't supportive of anybody except Hank. I mean, that's something I've known a long time ago. Hank spent most of the time since I've been on the station. Trying to get everybody else can. So I'm not, you know, all that concerned about Hank. You know, I've heard some of the other colors call in just like myself. I'm not really a big baseball fan. I've never had a team. But if you were doing the game, I think it would be just a natural. I can't look. Look, I don't want to waste the next two years on this show every day. Because that's not what we do with all the sucking around. It wouldn't be great. It's not going to happen. Number one. Number two, I make plenty of money right now. I'm perfectly happy doing what I'm doing. And that's in that's the way it is. Okay, it's just I couldn't care. I mean, it would be nice. But it's not going to happen. So it's fun to talk about. And I appreciate all the compliments of the kind words. But it's not going to happen. It's not. I don't know what your laughing about it is not going to happen. Oh, come on. No, it's not going to happen. We got to try to put a little fight here. We got to put up a little fight here. I had to hear put up a little fight. Forget it. There's nothing to fight about. Let's just enjoy the team and have a good time. Let me ask you a question. What? Not going to happen. Okay, first of all, let me say this. I wasn't even going to get into this because there've been some things that have happened in the last couple of days here regarding a Hank in the sales. There've been a lot of things that have been said inside this building. And people call in with these stupid comments about, well, we get to baseball and I don't get it with you all sports after 2 PM. Let me say this to you. Okay, Rick and Suts are doing a great job. I like him whether they have an H here or a one share. And I felt that way right from the beginning in spite of little client-distant dinners with Joey Reynolds and other people. I know in the business and people in this building who want their jobs. I'm a second tired of it. Okay, sir. They're doing a hell of a job. We got a good thing going here. And the biggest problem with this radio station has been no matter how good things get going. They keep changing and changing. Like people change their underwear. This station has been changing over the years to the upwards of laughing stock. Okay, all sports radio anchored to make it in this market. Okay, FAM can make it in New York because they got 15 million people. And they got 75 professional teams up there. This isn't a sports town. Okay. So all these people in here who think that all of a sudden Rick and Suts were going to kick them out and Hank is going to like the sports department's going to take over the radio station. That's all wishful thinking of some of the people connected with sports on this radio station. And quite frankly, it's a bunch of crap. Yeah. Yeah. You're getting emotional. No, I'm not. Just telling you how it is. All I'd like is to hear you do the game. What's not going to happen? I just got you telling you that. You want me to sit here and argue with you for four hours about it. It's not going to happen. It's your time. Okay. Okay. 10. 140. He's right about that. It's a sisters' time, actually. We have an open line on the star line, which is our time. If you have Bellsoft mobility star, IOD. Hollywood. Yeah. You're about that fight with Gaston O. That boxing. No. Hey, listen, don't call it boxing anymore. I mean, boxing is barbaric and stupid as it wasn't a first place. Now we got actors boxing and football players boxing and they're pretty so inspensor is going to be boxing. They got the guy who washes the car on Monday, sunshine, Jay. They're going to be boxing. They'll see the winner gets to wash the cars. I mean, it's just a bunch of friends. Listen, what happened? Despite, by he gets knocked down in a 12 seconds. Yeah. And he comes to find out he's professional wrestler. He's always wrestling buddies. Notice the fall that he took as a wrestling fall. Yeah. And now the whole thing's on investigation. Of course, it's all a bunch of crap. The public is bored to tears and they're all out there sucking it up because they got nothing else to do. Exactly. One more thing. Two more. Three more things. Wow. I've got to know about sheet of smoke. Oh, give for me. Go. What's the next one? I don't know. Also, nobody here. See, you people that want to call up with all these little spy robbers. I mean, spy reports used to be fun when it was about something that somebody listened to. Nobody listens to him. Nobody listens to the light bulb. Listen to the voice. Listen to the voices who call in like on Alice's. Hello. There are all the old regents from W.S. News. They're all over the age of 100. They're proving. Nobody cares about that. It's a waste of time. Well, he was just trying to get in on it. That's exactly what I was saying. Yeah. I mentioned to my wife last night that I was thinking of buying sheets and tickets for this baseball. And she about threw me out of the house. Why is that? Well, I, what I want to know is. That was like kind of a slime ball. I mean, like there's like 80 home games. There he wanted to be exact. How many? 81. Okay. And that's like what? Three or four in a row and then they leave town. How usually like 5, 6, 7 in a row? Oh, yeah. Forget it. Forget what? I'd be divorced. Hey, are you some kind of a whos? No, but I'm watching basketball now. I watched baseball in the years. By the way, I thought the game was last night. It's tonight that the boys are going to wrap it up. How come they give them two days? I know they're traveling, but he's heard that that wimpy that they got out of two days. I think it's the LA. All the injuries are trying to, you know, pay off the people. Yeah, but definitely it's all over tonight. Also one of the thing, um, could you get some people to dig up what happened with Larry King? I mean, you guys keep talking about some bounce. I'm not interested in digging up what happened. It's all interesting. See, I'm not going to turn around and play his game. There we go. Listen to me. Okay. The reason Larry rips me is because when I was here in town, he used to suck around. He had me on a show a couple of times. But anybody that doesn't kiss up to him and he does everybody else. He will rip them. He'll never rip anybody else. But as long as you don't kiss up to him and if you rip him, God forbid, then he'll just absolutely do anything in his power to rip out a tack and just the shred and tear. And that this is his response. Okay. And all the stuff that's happened here, which is well documented, he just, his memory has gone bad. He knows nothing about it. Well, that's the thing I would like to call and respond to his comment. He made about you saying that you're not. Forget about why waste the time. It's just, theoretically, funny. Those cards that Roger dubbed for me, some of the funniest stuff I've ever heard of my life. And we do it that. Yeah. I gotta go. See. Just like all those checks and everything and all the stuff with the ghosting and all the stuff at the track with the tellers. He don't remember that. And then to do it that. Of course. Before we became a big star, you see no matter, one thing I want to tell you. No matter how much money you're making, no matter how much notoriety. That you have. A walking turd is still a turd. Okay. So by any other name, it's still the same. Everyone knows the Kennedy's have quite a record. And now you can have it too. It's the Palm Beach Boys singing all the Kennedy's greatest hits. Singing all the way around, you'll be still around. There's a dozen of things. Everything I want to bring. From Palm Beach Boys, we'll give you the willys. Help me on to help this miracle. Help me on to the death. Give me out of this jam. Yes, it's a Palm Beach Boys. Come on. Go, peep, peep, peep. Come, come, come. Don't be silly. Be silly. Be silly. Don't be silly. Oh, they're dirty, laundry is washing up on shore. I girls on the beach. Say you're about when I put my head down here. I your back. And hear the ocean. I will full-sleeved shame, be. We're cousin patty, and be. One, it'll be by sin, we will call wake up. We come with the wages who we're 17. You'll also get little old rosy from Massachusetts. Ted Man's Curb and Twist Invite a Pool. So next time you feel like hanging Ted, our 10 catch the Palm Beach Boys. Available on criminal records and tapes. And now for the fucking. It's a 1052. At WI-2, body by solo Flexbock coming up if you have IMTV on, don't get distracted, though. Call Springs. Hey, honey, how's it going? OK. I just want to say one thing. I just can't believe all these people down here. I mean, we're going to get a professional team down here. I mean, what would they rather do? Watch TV, listen to the radio, or watch the live thing. I'd rather watch a live thing myself. I mean, this is the best thing that will get ever happened to it. How can anybody do that? Don't you understand where you are? No, that's why you have to temporary enthusiasm because you've got to understand where you are. I've lived here all my life. I realize how stupid it gets down here. But I mean, this is like one of the best things that could ever happen. You know, like I said, it's the live game going to be. Yeah, but you've got to understand. See, live is like out of place here because we don't have too many people who are live. Most of the people who have been dead for 20 years. But like your win more is in your face. I'm sure we'll see a lot of those people out there. See, that would be one of the great things about going to the ballpark. You won't see those people out there. They don't come to the base part. No, no, they get afforded. Are you kidding me? Yeah. But they don't want to part with the buck. You think that all the people who slept online at the Rascal House and go to the early board that those people are all on the food stamps that they're all on welfare, are you kidding me? Do you want to steal the salt shakers? Yeah, the ones that are living in their $200,000 condos over on the ocean and their $400,000 condos. Let's get serious. Just true. They're just a bunch of snores. So like I said, it'll be great to go out there and see living and breathing people and have a great time. Yeah, true. Well, anyways, Neil, I want you to have a good day and whatever it announces the games more power too. Exactly. Exactly. I'm not going to waste the next two years with all this... They're no longer talking. Exactly. With all these stupid calls, I mean, it's the nice, but it's not going to happen. It's a ridiculous, especially on this station. All right, Neil, have a good day. And the same to you, sir. When the big tournament money is on the line, professional women choose Macho tennis ball. Macho. Macho. We give women the balls to win. It's 11.06 on a great Wednesday. Should we say hump day? Because he's not here today, Mr. Hump. So anyway, it's 11.13. Let's take a look in the new times and see if we have anything really exciting. In our one bastion of hope here in another wise grim journalistic community. Sometimes, complaining about horse racing and the cubbies. As an occasional listener to the new rags, you'll show I know a kneeling when I see one. I figured that Mr. Salas had to come out of the closet sooner or later with his confessions. My personal favorite was probably his first one in which he admitted to his psycho-sexual fetish for listening to a hostile assurber-conco-neal, which probably gives 90% of his audience and amusing source for midday jollies. My self included, she says. And also the fucking... All right, come on. Concerning, Richard's... That's not she. It's he, Tony. Okay, Tony. Sorry. Tony could be she, couldn't it? But now with the y. Now, not in higher lea. Tony couldn't be she. Anyway, Tony goes on. Concerning Richard's first two letters in which he outlined in perfect detail that things he found distasteful about Neo Rogers. I have no comments except for the one referring to Neil's anti-bilingualism xenophobia. He does need to get off the anti-cuban wave that he's been writing for several years now. My father and several other older Cubans, I know still insist he's a flaming communist. Come on, Easter. Come on, Easter. Yeah. Up yours, George. However, my big complaint about the Neo Rogers show is that incestant, incestant boring, moronic babbling on horse and harness racing that he does, and the Cub's give me a break. Says Tony Rosalice and Hiolea. These are all phony names. They're all coming from the same person. Dick, Dick on the beach. But anyway, it's good that they, how come they don't mention 610 WIOD 10 to 2 in here in each letter? That would be a little bit more productive. Okay, so get your act together over at New Times, would ya? Well, what is that about on or front the Miami, oh, the main drag? They got a drag story on a front page of New Times and look who's dressed up and pink there. That's beautiful. It's 1115 at WIOD, Halandale. Hey, Neo, hi, doing. Okay. Talking about journalistic things, you have the Sun Sentinel there. Hi, Jason. Is this about Dave Hyde? No, no, this is in the classified. No. You were looking for some more promotion for your show. In the classified under greetings, got a little ad here. It says looking for something, one excitement and fun. Two and in Sunday, 7 to 9 PM, AM 980 WIOD. Oh, no, wait a minute. This isn't the radio of, what does he call him and don't tell me. Radio, what do he call himself, George? The radio outlaw, is that it? I don't know. It says with J Allen and Charles Lekz, starting June 23rd. Yeah. Is that a promotional budget or what? They take out classified ads, tell you. Well, what station is it? W, W, W, W, and then. Oh, the Motivate. Well, that's all they can afford. I haven't been able to motivate enough people to spend more than $23 on its station. So they don't even show up anymore. They're like nonexistent. Well, I figured it out. Are they still on the air? I guess so. Why? These are in the paper. I got news for you. So there are so many radio stations that are on the air in this market that are like serving no useful purpose whatsoever, except the bleeding money out of variety of people. All these stations that broker the time and, oh, it's like KAT and VcGA. It's, you know, the commissioner is so concerned that somebody says crap on the air, but then somebody gets a hold of a license and they just use it to play a game like they're running the, oh, shop at home channel on a radio or television. It's a joke. I wanted to do is a step up or a step down of getting check it up mentioned. No, it's a step up. Is it you bet? Let's say you take care. Have a great live. Well, we understand times going to be writing a big thing about baseball coming to South Florida this weekend in the Sun Center will be interesting where his mind is these days. My good former friend Tom, see, I'm getting to the point in my life. I'm gonna stop all the BS. I mean, you know, for years I've, I've gone further than a lot of people. But now I'm going as far as I want to go. And he's one of Jika. He's a big phony. He had me fooled and I admitted he had me fooled for years and the only reason is because I used to have money show all the time and everybody's suck around and he loves that kind of stuff. But the many you criticize him or the many of you is something that's absolutely stupid. That whole bit about the winner book and the story he wrote like a week later and he says to Hank at the track his good racetrack buddies says, well, would you write the article when somebody on your told you to write it? Well, like if somebody got shot, you know, if a political leader got shot and it didn't appear at a paper next day, people would kind of wonder, well, what are you waiting to write this story? You write it when it's news. Not when you want to play a game. When you're playing games with stories then you're not reporting the public. You just playing games. And that's what Tom does with this column now. And because of his vendetta against Rick Riley, you know, less and less he writes about this station less he's writing about his personal racetrack buddies in Edward over on QAM and Hank over here and that's basically it. So no matter what he writes, there's no credibility there. Okay, Tom, she's not fooling me anymore in your real disappointment. But that's not the first one I've had other disappoints. I remember my old old friend and really old Ed Cohen who used to be on my show on WS News and KAT. I mean, going back to my earliest days in this town with those boring, boring shows about politics. And even back in the days when politics was interesting, he was still boring. But you know, Ed and I I thought were good friends and we had a good relationship and he was on the show and I'd put up with it. I had the way used to talk and it was 100 years old. And then as soon as I changed my format and I dropped all that boring tedious crap and talking to 90 year old dead people, that right away he rips me in an article and some, what is that paper, the Kendall, something or other? The one that they put on a birdcade, some little Kendall news lead to something, whatever they call it. And ripping me in the fact that I'm wasting all his valuable airtime and what a shame it is and all these terrible things I say about senior citizens and all this other crap. And what he's really saying is that now that I don't have money or any more of a bad guy and I'm a piece of crap. So you meet a lot of people like that in this town especially, you know, a lot of other places they say you make a friend you make a friend for life. When you make a friend here in this town, you make one for about five minutes usually. Nice to meet baseball is on the, today's Miami Mountains, least of Chicago cars. Now from Joe Robby Stadium, the voice of my lungs, nearly Rogers. That's it. Well, wasn't that cute? That was really cute, you know? On a scale of what? About six? Well, my good friend, Neil Rogers. That's not my opinion and I'm my Disney up yours. It's 1125 at WIOD and let's go to homestead. Hello. Yeah, I'll ask about baseball. They get a baseball team down here. Where do you, where would they go for spring training? Well, somebody yesterday said that there's some land adjacent to the stadium that his anger is either buying or owns a part of already since he bought half of the stadium and that they might play right there, which would be unusual, but it would be great. Well, this will be the first team that would have their spring training home and their regular home in the same state would be right. Right. OK. This is just interesting. OK. Thank you. See you. That's just, you know, the rumor. We don't even have it yet. OK. I mean, we like 99% got it. But well, thank you so much, Henry. What a great American. That's, in fact, I wonder what your good friend, your good friend, but he would have to say about that. You know, the one I'm talking about, our good friend is a big superstar now. I'm mentioning the name Neil Rogers who I've done here. Yeah, I've done, I've done the last I heard him. I do baseball was years ago, and he did pretty good baseball. But he's gotten a reputation now that I wouldn't hire him. What's the question? OK. 26 after 11 at WIOD, I wouldn't hire you either. Larry, I'll tell you. We had no plan on the Sterline, StarIOD. In fact, I've worked for Ed Little. Larry would probably be still here doing my overnights at IOD. 1131 at WIOD. I got sidetracked article. Well, I led her to the editor allegedly by who was it, Tony Rosales, Rosie, and Hailea. Maybe it is a girl. But all of this crap about that, he needs to get off the anti-cuban wave. Now, what do we talk about Cubans on his station? OK. In fact, the only ethnic disturbing call we've had in a long time was from a self-proclaimed Hispanic. I know we were as a Cuban or whatever. The other day, talking about how we ought to name the team to come kiss the Dorees because it was Hispanic who would discover Florida. And all this ethnic crap that, you know, it's old, it's tired, OK? And all of this crap about my being communist, am I being anti-cubanated, is nothing more than a cover for blatant, embarrassing, terminal homophobia. That's all it is, OK? So you can call it anything else you want. But that old Super Macho hysterical excuse me for wearing my dress homophobia. That's, you know, permeates parts of this community. You're not full and mean. You're not full too many other people at this point. So come out of the closet already. 1132, let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, long time listener, long time fan. I have really disappointed though. I called the kids up and like the last six calls that I've been on hold except for the last guy who've done all the kids and there's really not what they're talking. Yeah, right. There's nothing left to talk. No, it's the one thing that I wanted to tell you is that I was really disappointed in the name that they picked for the baseball team. Oh, come on. Well, yes, stop it. Stop it. Well, we're like a little child. Would that first of all, they haven't picked any name for the baseball team? It could be the Marlins or could be something else. What a difference does it make what they call them? Well, here with Miami, the way it is. If we could get one woman on the team, we could call it to Miami Surf and turf. Yeah. And is that it? Probably should be. OK. Very weak. Call a prank with him. Oh. Eric, Eric, get yourself. After four touchdowns on a Monday night, football, where are you going now? I'm going to get late. Wanted to tell me, and I'll be, you know, 20 miles. Let's go to a deer field. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, first time, Kola. Listen, now I'd like you to continue the baseball that's coming into Florida here. Don't you think this is going to be the death now on the Par amutual Trotters? I'm like, and crayons. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, you're laughing. Well, you know, I got to be on it. You know, the guy who called a couple of calls to go is absolutely right. You know about the negative people. How the hell is majorly baseball going to be the death of Par amutuals? First of all, most baseball takes place in the summertime. There is no harness racing in a summertime. OK, they got this little quarter horse thing going on. In addition to which, how is it that the tigers have survived along with hazel park in Detroit all these years? And the white socks and the Cubs in Chicago along with sports men's and maywood and Belmore, and all the harness racing they have up there. What are you talking about? Yeah, and not the new York, they're Rosa race. Like, went under one. That had nothing to do with a metzer. That nothing to do with a metzer had to do with a metzer. And had to do with a metzer. And had to do with a metzer. And had to do with a metal land. Sir, the harness racing people all went to the metal lands and Roosevelt couldn't compete and they went under. And if a warrant for OTV, Yancers would be closed down too. OK, because there's only. Isn't there just so much money for sports fans to get out and sports them? You didn't even hear what I just got through saying. Did you? Football and basketball don't run up the same time as baseball for the most part, OK, for the exception. If you play out the football or run up the same time, and harness racing in this town doesn't run up the same time as baseball season. And how'd you still lie in gray house? What about them? And the raver on the summer. They run all year long. Right. So lay bottom. Don't the down. They'll go down for what? They'll go down the two. Sir, you go down the tubes. OK, you're typical of what's wrong with this town. Why do we have to talk to these old boring old farts? OK, sir, go out. Get your colostomy bag out and have a great time. I'll right and leave us alone. No matter what comes to this town, this is the most negative, goddamn town on a face of the earth. There really is that guy two calls ago is right. No matter if they drop million dollars in everybody's backyard here, we'd have some old fart call them. Oh, boy, now the shopping malls are going to be so crowded, because everybody's got so much money to spend. And the highways are going to be all congested with those big limousines and town cars and people are driving. What are we going to do now? We can't get to the early bird, damn it. You people make me sick. You old farts. Sir, take a gigantic orange, OK? Peatlet and stick it up your ass. Sir, take a gigantic orange, OK? Peatlet and stick it up your ass. Peatlet and stick it up your ass. Yeah, I don't know about you but you sound like some stupid idiotic turps. If I had the ability to do physical étuddy, right now, kick your goddamn teeth in. Yeah, I don't know about you but you sound like some stupid idiotic turps, stupid leaning over your ass. Do a stupid idiotic turps, stupid Lean down over my stupid idiotic turps. Sir, take a gigantic orange, OK. Peatlet and stick it up your ass. Peatlet and stick it up your ass. Stick it up your ass. Stick it up your ass. Clearly, otherwise it'll yell. Stick it up your ass. Stick it up your ass. Stick it up your ass. It's 1141 a WIOD your friendly state. I just sick-entire the people like that. No matter what the hell happens here, I mean we've been dying to get something going in this see that's what he scared of He scared that we might get some living and breathing people in this goddamn town. I I know who cares, okay? Let him rot in hell with her high-lion, okay screw him. You people make me sick you all the farts you people make me sick You people make me sick. They want the hell do you want in the air you come on here and you bash me Miami Hello Neil yep, yeah, did you see good morning America today? I don't watch good morning Okay, well our illustrious They are swarrers were on there and they said what are you gonna call Charles gets in the system? What are you gonna call the new team? What do you mean what is he gonna call a team? Well, that's what he said What is he got to do with the you'll have anything to do with it? Well, the wind up of the story is that he said We'll call him the Miami Marlins or the Miami amigos They ain't gonna be the Miami amigos. That's for sure. Yeah, I didn't know if anybody had said anything about it But you talk about bringing it on well he's in there doing his usual ethnic pandering again So he's got away you may remember when we had the Miami amigos several years ago Yeah, minor league team. He was gonna be this big hit because we had all the Latin's love baseball to this and that and They didn't draw flies who were around for they didn't finish the season. I don't think now Led you're not yelling at me. I'm not well So please I'll say goodbye, but don't yell. Okay, bye. See you'll better Love What's your question? Hey, I couldn't have said it any better. I believe me. Oh, let's take a call from North Miami. Hello Yes, sir. All right. How are you doing? Okay? Sorry, I'm in these country versus today I want to because my son is on from school this week and I'm I'm keep telling my boat No, no, no, we're not we're not playing a week question. Oh, he's home from school this week is home from school all summer No, but you never heard the bird and I wanted to hear that one boat the bird. Oh bird Should you please shut up Why do you know the card we did birds? I play shot off. What kind of thing is that to say to me sir? No, no, no, not you the bird when the guy call the bird is that bird really please play something and shut up You mean I hate the bird. Yeah, see you don't even know the name of it. I don't I least when I know I don't know the name well you got to start I won't keep a cat a lot. What will you want? I'm a keeper cat a lot. Right Whatever that means hey just keep keeping touch. I know what I'm keeping keep in touch with yourself sir I've been a try doing that okay I really appreciate you're gonna do it right now for you sir. All right. Was it a nice of me? Yeah Real great man. I really appreciate a meal don't me for $2 a meal. Yeah. I want about this um Because see you later Dave. What is it now? No, this guy You know these cigars that Wayne brought this box is still a kneel yeah, yeah I think you're the guy that should be doing the annulence and for this sir say goodbye Appreciate all the tinkling and all the you're in a new and only clean Redic sucking around but if you want to hear this tape you better say goodbye all right Say good you didn't say goodbye Goodbye, I'm a nice dude. No, just goodbye goodbye. Okay If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 16 Wild you missed this as this the bird Yeah, bird. How you doing okay? This is do me a favor play anything because I can't stay listening to you You sir, I could do speck do Just do me a favor play anything. Well can I ask you a question before you go? Oh god You sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you Not just to tell you not to say anything just play something Oh God keep standing well then why are you listening? I play something already why won't you answer me You won't see he won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here hello okay Did that do it for you sir and son? I sure hope so. I hope that made him happy hope that made their day This time doesn't take much Here's a lady in Miami Hello hi. Hi. Yes. I've got a name for your baseball team Okay, well call up somebody else and tell it to him We have an open line in day 75 one. I mean that I won't that won't put up with one of those okay? I mean I've driving home yesterday and poor rick in this Cut I mean just one after another what is wrong with you people okay? It's the they've already decided what the name is gonna be so I mean is that the best you can do? I got a name for the team how about the Newspad that you know forget it Forget it. It's not like a bunch of little overgrown children Like Andy Palm Beach Gardens yeah, New York how you doing I'm doing Florida, Midland that's good I'm here in the Palm Beach post the had an order oh the Palm Beach post that what you people get a real paper up there Well, it's all the one we got I know it's pathetic Anyways, they had an article hot news paper. It's a bunch of propaganda Well they're an article about the people up in Tampa, St. Peter area They end up there why it wasn't Miami get it? Hey, they already got their hot kid team They got the bucks they got all their patent leather shoes let them you know get lost Well there's an Miami you know big high crime area. Oh, you know crime and camp But that's a wonderful place. I like thing I related night in Ebor City. That's my favorite Yeah, I like Tampa doesn't have any crime screw them pal. They're just sour grapes Yeah, well, I'll eat some glad they're gonna team down here at least now I can see the cartel play one Yes, sir All right, that's all I got to say okay just hard good luck to you. You'll need it really 1154 we all need it those of us who are trailing the pirates by many lengths coming into the last 16th of the race Open line and brow it somebody just dropped off any legend cartel is at five two four and Palm Beach Of course where they just keep quoting andcessantly from that ponderous Cox news paper the Palm Beach post the Palm Beach post See that's the problem with Palm Beach is not there a lot of the people up there aren't bad But they've been they have had this narrow scope with that one lousy paper up there for years They've had JNO and I'll let horrendous boring crap that they pump out and they had Andre Baruch and B Wayne He used to do the backstroke cross lake worth it's uh, it's not their fault I mean you only excitement they get is every now every like every few years when there's another Kennedy scandal at the compound then they get a little excitement Papa though Yeah, I know what time is I came Friday night or times a game right seven o'clock Yes, sir. All right. We'll be doing those on okay Open line and broward five two four wild and he's running around nervously. What's going on? What's going on the newsroom is there something Late breaking story Is there something exciting going on well? What the hell do you people acting like many X and you they're all like running around with these nervous I caught about baseball what about baseball We getting an ounce many at How much might do we spend the send those two yo-yo's out there to California what the man oh man yeah Why couldn't you go? Elaine says how come I don't get any of the good trips? You know when you're is on vacation in Kansas oh Man kids Two weeks in Kansas Yeah Four louder deal. Hi. Hi. How you doing great? Hello My god, what a change all of a sudden the voice change are getting about two seconds. Hello. What they do just drop? Yes, sir. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Come on now. Hey. All right. Wait. I'm in a wait. I'm in a dog. Give you a hey right over your nose Now listen to me, sir. What was that all about that she had to make the call are you some kind of a whip that can't make the call yourself that has to have you I got a problem, okay? Have your mistress put you on the phone? I'd like to say that parents do you know where you're children are right now? Yeah, see we got out early today. How old are you? I'm 15 and who's that young lady that you haven't a sack there with your sir? Yeah, no, let me who was that? Who was that? Don't worry about that. Oh, I see okay Christ is called George now. Oh, okay, so we're exams and she'd like a little help studying, right? Yeah, I was just wondering I need some help. I was wondering how you sound like you need some help. Yeah, how might the Put to get her to you know get her to what cooperate? Yeah cooperate because my my twin my twin size is Real your sizes too small. No, you idiot my my twin size bed Yeah, and listen judging from the side of you. I try the queen It's 1258 a Wild we have two open lines are both in Broward 5249463 524 we got full on May have fruit from your kind before sir Lillie our back at their slum stick mask in the three stitches join the Los Angeles police department Give these three goose guns a nice stick and give honey for some laughs See the boys beat the entire LA populous with giant hammers Watch them tweak little babies on the nose and if the three stitches are on patrol You better not get a ticket. Yeah, why is guy going five over to limit lie The police do just join the Los Angeles police department. It will bust you Try the theater near you 207 a Wild it's our mammoth wanted to our this is the hour that they're talking about down at city Hall hi Bob hi Tom good morning citizens of guys We're the lot brothers You know Bob and Tom being your Rick's cafe backside a beautiful guy's reservoir It's given us a great idea for a new love brothers venture Yeah, Bob and Tom how many times have you both been pleasure voting on Christ and thought I give my left Prune for a Conway 28 Yeah, I mean these people mean naked women mudflaps just as much as the next guy Anyway, that's why we're opening nicken sunny exit 69 truck stop Yeah, fellas, let's say you're carrying a heavy load and you desperately need to release on his feet Exit 69 is the perfect place for you to get off Well, but Nick you know guys exit 69 offers a complete array of help Preservices for instance once you're in CB range one of our lovely attendants last what's your handle all and fellas Please don't answer metricly the girls only relate to inch Once you pull on to our truck stop twice your brides want that you need fuel all and for you rookie drivers who stop too far from the pump our John Holmes Memorial Moth's a hatchet cover Oh And hey fellas if you definitely need service but a kind of shire around girl simply pump your own at our convenience self-serve island So if it's fuel you need no problem, but if you want gas come inside of visit Nick and Sonny some pure load cap Exactly featuring world famous oriental chef Oh You guys though it blown child translates to an English no Anyway, oh, yeah, make the calico Manhattan you'll never forget Oh And good news fellas all our delays are now totally declaw Get off we were so lucky to find blown child. We're at least honey no doubt about it, Nick We spotted a one night while watching banana the next generation He was playing hop things replacement who flung done Oh Anyway according to Indianapolis watering sewage a more popular item is the hot brown Well, I'll catch the day of crappy At least that's what our last patron there You know exit 69 awful also offers a convenience door for those everyday traveling needs for instance We sell air fresher like lemon lime cherry and for you outdoors been saving it We also offer souvenirs from all 50 states. So hey, you can tell you're babe you've been anywhere Oh, and our most popular item for those long haul is called the driver's best friend We kind of stole the idea from Doc Johnson Owen fellas if you reverse the switch it makes a swell tire Also don't be shy about asking Loana about our stocky special should give you a log in that role You'll never forget Anyway, before leaving exit 69 be sure and visit our topless truck wash Sure you've got a feeder bill, but it has to been properly polished And instead of abrasive steel wall products clear ease uses only nature's brillo pad to polish your real Oh Anyway, that's Nick and Sunny exit 69 truck stop And don't forget our motto if you don't get off at x69 you must be a homo Okay, you'll be heard at about 330 on the coast of Savanoon, Johnny dark was just enchanted with it Right in between Elton John and Lionel Richie. It's gonna be tremendous and who? Oh Phil Collins. He'll be right on top. 147 at WIOD will be right back Guy about asking Loana about our stocky special should give you a log in that role. You'll never forget Anyway, before leaving exit 69 be sure and visit our topless truck wash Oh sure you've got a feeder bill, but it has to been properly polished And instead of abrasive steel wall products clear ease uses only nature's brillo pad to polish your real Oh