They do that. So I get his phone number and call him at home and his wife answers. And I take the credit cards over to their house and I'll ask you, well my husband is at home but he's just like to call you and you know and I at home so I give him my phone number. So he called me last night and said, do you really appreciate me bringing back all his credit cards? I mean you name the card he had. And he said, I really appreciate it. I would just see an honest person around. And that was it and he says, God would take care of him. Which is a real dilemma because I'm not a real believer. So all I can say is Mr. Ruffison from Pembroke Times. Thanks a lot. Yeah and up yours. Exactly. Yeah. So you get to have a hell of a shopping spirit to borrow a monster. You get to have a hell of a great time. You didn't even know he lost him in the front and you know why do you know what they say? He works in mysterious ways, pal. And instead of saying you know, I'm really far from saying, hey look, I'd like to give you a few bucks now and let me say no. You know, but that's the way it is. Great story sir. The moral of the story is cheat. Honestly doesn't pay. That's right. Thank you, Pag. Good luck. 1027 a WOD. All of Broward lines are wide open. Is there something going on up there? They have another James Brown Festival and Broward today that we don't know about five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. That's okay. We can do without you. I mean just, you know, nothing personal. Here's a pay phone in Miami. They are you doing okay. You know, I just want to tell you absolutely right about all these people down here. Yeah. A bunch of douchebags. I had a guy ask me for directions the other day had to be about a good call. 10, 20. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Oh, I know what else I got to do here first before we get back to your mediocre response. I want to thank who the hell do I want to thank? The dermatologics for veterinary medicine in Miami DMV, DVM. Whatever the hell they are. And they sent me a bunch of stuff from my dog for my golden retriever, some Durham caps and some special shampoo, some Seabull, whatever the hell it is. Seabullite. That sounds like something you drink. Do that? Sounds like something Henry would like to drink. But anyway, thank you profusely and I hope it works. Okay, because he's driving me nuts, scratching and itching, going crazy. Fort Pierce. Yes, sir. I saw something on TV last night. I had to tell you about it. I bet you nobody in this audience saw guilty by suspicion yet and that's why it's going to be Grimm and Broward. There's the only people who watched it are people over the age of 100. They don't listen to the show. What's up, what? I want to say there's any connection between that. The fact that young people are not interested in that kind of movie and the fact that they've come to stuff this happening again. Not exactly, my current people are close. Right, right, could be. They'll get their heads buried in the sand with their teenage ninja mutant, uh, slimeballs. That's our 80,000 Canadians pay to see the most boring sport in the world and we can't fill up our renafters up to who are watching currently. Oh, my god, I can't stand it. I can't, I just can't believe it. If you all have you always wondered why the Canadians are like a little silly, a silly. I mean, the British of course, you got to understand that English speaking Canadians are of course recent escapees from the from the chrome, crown the chrome, crown, throne, throne. So whatever it is, and they're like the British of course are the silliest people on the face of the earth. They always have been. But the Canadians had a little bit of that rub off on them. I would say so. I would say so. I would say so. And the thing, for example, last night I watched a lot of the after the movie, I came on, watched the end of the, uh, black hoax and a maple leaf game. Right. And I love hockey. Yeah, but how can a country that's into hockey also be into curling? I mean, it's the most stupid embarrassing, but you crap and you're running around on their sweep and those brooms back and forth and the moving that little thing get all excited. Oh, god, I can't have it help us say. Canadian equivalent of Marja. No, worse, more embarrassing. All right, well, that's all I can do. Because the people are like curling aren't all over the age of 100. Marjaong is strictly for people who can't do anything. I don't look the audience. Look to like normal people except of course there was some Canada. But, uh, now don't think it'd be appropriate to call Bill Funk a douchebag, but other than that, we enjoy your show. Thank you, sir. Foster Hugh at Lives. 10 30 a WIOD were picking up a little steam and Broward not much. We have one line open there. 5 2 4 and one on the Palm Beach line. 65 5 9 4 6 3 65 5 Michael Jackson is a goddess. Let's go to moral gables. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. He had paid to be on the phone that idiot like that call on the phone to that guy on the public phone. That was a class. He was great. But see you're the only one. You and the handful of other people. You know what's it heard it? I just have laughing right now. It's too much. Yeah, he was great. I think he may have had a point too. Listen. I just picked up a fresh copy of the new times. Yeah, fresh copy. What did do? Stripe in the face right off the press. That's like a fresh copy of the paper folks that reaches up and like slaps your right in the mouth right to the taste out of your mouth right off the press. Yeah, the readers fold the readers for and the winners are all one of those. Best AM radio personality. Yeah. Our entail. I'm just throwing your like Neil Rogers. Oh boy. Now they do this year. Did they do the readers and they're all opinion? Yeah, because they hate me like poor people. And so now they don't have Debbie Ellister care running more so do they pick. No, wait. I'm going to tell you. I read her phone with you and F them with both with him. What? Who the hell is that? I don't know. Both. Is Bo Dilly? P.O.W. F.M. Bo Jackson. And I'll peel the nice 6.5. I never heard a book, Griffith. I mean either. I heard a Don Cox and Bill Tanner. I'm power 96 point. Whatever to hell it is. Best radio station. Yeah. F.H.E. Oh, no. Oh, man. Bo's Gasser. And I got to be listed in the said do we have that in the building yet the new times? Do we do one of those? You have a blast with this. Bo's Gasser. Yeah. Do we Segretto? Tony Hoog. Segretto. Segretto. Yeah. Does she know Boom Boom? New banker. And fish. Oh, no. And TV. These guys all have this Freudian thing. They want to have dinner with grandma. W.P.O.G. Best TV station? Yeah. They got to be kidding me. Yep. And who the times? These are supposed to be the artsy, artsy crowd that read new times. All the, all the, the yuppies over in the grove and down in west Kendall. All these, oh man. Give me a break. And let me just give you a. I get lumped in there with Anne Bishop and, uh, in who else? Oh, Chris. And Bo Griffin. I have no idea who that is. I guess we'll find out sometime. Bo Griffin. Let me do that. Is that a he or she? It's a woman? You got to see. Let me just give you a quick run. If you don't mind about what they wrote about you. Okay. Wait, I got to read here. Are you guys? So much George. Yeah. Page 22. Okay. By the way, these phone lines suck today. We had brought all that up there. Now they're almost all gone. I don't know what these people are doing lately. Like pseudo intellectual master of the country. And he's got an ego set. Oh, wait. I'm at best TV news anchor for Grins Rick Sanchez. There you go. That's amazing. Okay. Now where does this start? Around page 22. So much damn. I have a best sportscaster. Hank Goldberg. Well, where do you get Tony cigarette? I'm not the readers portal. That's there. That's there. Oh, I see. Very nice. See, best reason to cringe at Anne Bishop. See now they're getting a little sensible. Best car wash. They don't have Spencer in here under best car wash. He's got to be crushed. Okay, here's the readers poll. The best hotel. The grand gate. Bay Hotel in the grow. I think I was running there. Okay, thank you, sir. Thanks a lot. The grand gate hotel in the grow. Best car wash. Sonny's dooshless car wash. Is that what it says? Oh, Sonny's touchless car wash. Well, this will be great. Thank you so much, pal. Because it's obviously going to be a very mediocre Wednesday. We can't get over the hump as they say in pinion. So we got a whole bunch of crap here. Thank you, sir. You made a whole show for us today. Because this audience is wicked this last few days, man. You people are brutal. Look at those brow-adelines. Sick, pathetic, weak, deadheads, deadheads. We got like 70 billion people listening to this task, Roger. I mentioned that thing about his tape for L.A. Law the other day. And every place he went in this town, everywhere. People he didn't even know. People he didn't want to know. Are you Roger? We got to take period. We heard Neil begging and pleading for you. Do you spag? But boy, give those numbers out of new people. I have nothing to contribute. Nothing. You're hopeless, senseless, mindless, and have a nice day. Oh, that's right. It's a Passover Easter week. I'm sorry. We don't expect much this week before the holidays. They're all out there shopping for their truck with covered mung. And they're east eggs and they're mots of balls. And they're a mots of mots of mots and whatever else they're eaten. Okay? Well, dog, you're ridiculous silly childish crap. Have a little wine, oh, on me. 1035 at W.I.O.D. What are we doing here? Oh, we're doing a little break and we'll be right back. So anyway, all my salad got here, so I'm sorry. Look at the little banana we're back to again today. They didn't want to lure hysterically. Boy, that was a scene I will never forget yesterday. Once she repealed the enormous fat banana. Boy, the sweat was pouring off our foreheads and places we can't even mention. Anyway, this will kill a whole show now. Look at this, the new new times with a big colorful thing on our front the best of Miami 1991. And it's got the readers pole and the best of every stick and thing you could ever imagine. It's amazing. Best category we didn't ask is even in here. Look at that best neighborhood bar in every section of town. Of course, this is date counting only. So you people in Broward, you're screwed. We'll get to it in a second. Cutler-rich. I knew how you'd do it. Okay. You joined your lunch? Oh, it's terrific. I got a spheragus in here and peppers and a little potato and a ruta baguette and a cartridge and a pair of tree. Fantastic. Hmm. Well, I thought I got to see signs of the lamb yesterday. And it went so far beyond my expectations. It was so great. Speaking of who are you having for lunch? Yes. But seriously, I waited because it gave me a chance to go rent manhunter. Yeah, very good. And see it and sort of set it up. Even though manhunter or Rick Dragon, the product of Dr. of Hannibal, it wasn't as developed of course as in the second book. And the Johnson Dimm's fantastic director, I found his work. I was giving him since he started. And did they die in Johnson? So? Die in Johnson? No. No, no, no. Just a joke. Okay. Don't get up tight. This was we're talking about new times and intellectuals, not gonna touch. But I've had to answer all the movie. I had to go to publics and in the new people magazine, they got a great thing on the making of silence. Oh, yeah? The lamb's in it. It's definitely worth taking up. So, uh, any restaurant, beautiful butterfly in my yard this morning, I stuck it right on my nose. They'd have to see it down the same level. Right. We don't, and listen, this show, we don't care if they understand it or not. We're at the rental. That's what keeps their show going is the fact that for years they're still trying to figure out what they're all I'm talking about. Right. And uh, keeping on both these films and both these films are coming released. It starts dark comedy, but you know, they're gonna answer in both films and men are used to report it. And try them to the lamb's just the state psychiatrist. And, uh, well, what do you think? Don't you think it's a great, the ending of silence is a great set of first people. Oh, yeah. Oh, there's no question about that. I mean, they might as well even have previews of the next one. I was waiting. Just like the end of Godfather's three, they might as well have a preview of the new dog, you know. We don't, we don't have any friends. Right. I see what they're doing. Get a haircut, Andy. I look like crap. Did you see them the other night? Yeah. Oh, man, what is that thing with the hair? Nobody would tell me yesterday. Am I that old that I don't understand? Well, I all had hair like down over the front of their head and looked like, uh, mole from the three stuages. What is that all about? Yeah. Hey. I listen to the show yesterday and uh, and I was taking myself. I don't have any clips. That's good. Well, that's a problem. Nobody, uh, they're trying to catch us all off guard. They want to, they want to be a vaunt guard. Really? Oh, I just dropped my carrot on the floor. Well, listen, have a great day, sir. I'm glad you enjoyed it. Okay, you too. Okay, bye. See, we will not get one call on guilty by suspicion because A, it was a great movie and B. Nobody in this, uh, audience would see something like that. Because we got all these young whippers, snappers who are more concerned about how much hair does Madonna really have in her armpit and wouldn't I like to be a mosquito crawling around in there? Oh, God. And I'm sitting here eating. As a matter of fact, this picture of her in Michael Jackson. Stop and think about that. If somebody held a gun to your head, I mean, would you want to get close to either one of those things? Ooh, man. Ask Mollon Brando, see what he'd say. I think he's having a hard time getting close to anything right now. 1043 at WIOD, the pop beach line is waiting on you. 655 WIOD, Bay Harbor Island. I'm hot, Neil. Yes, man. Neil, I'm sorry. I missed listening to Elma Fognius last night. She sang your praises up to the sky. Why is that? Oh, she said such a good wonder for things. No, the hanging judge. Everything that you deserve, she said. All the good that you've been doing. The hanging judge said that. With the law, uh, with the lights on in the cars. And so brilliant. And I'm a topic any subject. She said she's about to send you a letter. Boy, hey, must have given her my check. Nice going, Ellen. I wish that you talked to Hank and he'll tell you more about it. I can't get over that. It was beautiful. It was wonderful. You deserve it. Are you sure do? Do do. OK. Thanks a lot. Thanks for the good news. Yes. OK. Yes, matter fact, the hanging judge, if I had been lucky, I had met her at birth, then I could have really been hung. But life is not fair. That's what Jimmy Carter said. 1044, W. I. O. D. We have an open line in date. 751. I'm telling you, we could make. We can do one of two things. We can talk to these lovely people or I can make a whole show out of this. New times thing. Best surprise party. The Mandela visit. Surprise. No party. That's what it says. The reader is pull. Only gave us all this stuff. Best local politician. Xavier Svarez. Oh. Yeah. What does that tell you? If he's the best, I would have thought that they would have picked what's his name from Hylia. Um, two late, I guess. Best place for a single man and women to meet each other. On the beach. Yeah. If they speak French, best beer selection in the bar, laughing, logger head. 2721, bird Avenue in the grove. You notice most of the stuff they're into, real heavy duty in the grove. Huh? What? Yes, what? We're green with it. Oh. Well, it's the RT crafty crowd. You know what I'm saying in a grove? Best local boy may good, Andy Garcia. Best local girl made good. Gloria, estifad. Uh-huh. We're so sick from her. We could puke already. Best radio personality. AM. New Roger's, 610 Wild. You can do it. Thank you. Best FM personality. The boy's a boy's a sheep because boy can be a guy as in boy Jackson or boy didly or boy genius. And is she good? She is good. What time is she on midday? Knights? Man, oh man. Best radio station a sheep. Oh, geez. Oh, god. That pepperoni is trying to up chuck back through my high little hernia now. I can't believe it. Best radio station a sheep. They left a couple letters off the first part of that one. The essay. Best sportscaster Tony Segretto. Now this is the readers pool. Best TV news, canker, anchor and bishop. Best TV station channel temp. Now we get to their pool. Okay, now we get to the real heavy duty. Sometimes I feel okay. Oh, well, let's take like 10 weeks of shows. They got everything. Airline, trucks international airlines on Watson Island. Best local boy made good Robert Jordan. Go of Miami Beach. It's profound all that stuff off a fat deer key. And the Jillian Zell is worth a treasure and all kinds of crap. Well, good luck to him. Okay, best local girl made good Debbie Spring. Released her first album, Ocean Driver said to release a follow-up. She plays to delighted crowds all over town plans to tour more extensively and soon. Vial Viola and Viola. See the public picture area, Estefan and the snooty crowd at new times. Picks Debbie Spring with her violin and Viola. Excuse me. I'm surprised it didn't pick TMI. Is the best radio station. That's why I don't understand how to help you get to me here. It's on page 22. Best TV news anchor Tom Randall's channel for. He's okay. He's not bad, but the best. Come on. Handbrake and bolder is above him. And what's your name? Huh? What's your name? Jizel. How soon they forget? Best sportscaster. They pick Hank Goldberg. It says. Wait a minute. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ho. It says you do have a lausy system, because if you had a good one, you'd have a father card already. Now I got it. I'm right on top of these things. Now just relax. It says you eat or love him or you hate him. My pain to the beer. This might be the best thing that can possibly be said about a sportscaster because it shows he's got a clotspa. A quality that's sorely lacking among sportsmen in this burg. He's brags, he's loud, he's not a pretty sight, but when Hank opens his mouth, I pay to the beer. One thing's for sure he's gonna speak his mind and he has a mind too. How do you like that? For Hank Goldberg. We love new times. Kissy kissing. Okay, we'll get to the good stuff. We'll get some more calls in. So we're just gonna have like a little Mishmosh. I again thank the gentleman who called about this because we had chickens of these things sitting up front like we do every week because nobody picks it up. It's a real joke. It's a great paper. No, we never would have known about it if he wouldn't have called, right? And it gives us some really good still material. 1049 at WIOD. Here's some exciting news from the East Coast from Met, oh, by the way, Laura, before I get into the spot. Look what we got for you today. Back to the short little fat one. There's exciting news from the East Coast from men and women concerned about sitting here in here laws. Those is your red. They're sent always leakers. If you think that's bunch and just pull on my finger, wait a minute, get a load of me. Happy Valentine's Day. Yeah, wrong holiday, but good thought. Okay, it's 1053 at WIOD. Best news of TV news anchor for Grins Rick Sanchez. I would have met this dessert something special in it. Okay. It says Rick, how do we love the Letters Count the Ways? That's what it says in New Times. One more exciting, God will not leave. We love you for your cute little pucker when you try to look serious or some ordinary murder slash you're out. What? When you try to look serious for some ordinary murder slash you're story. We love you for the coming effect you have on your high-strong co-anchor. Ha ha ha ha ha. And for the roly, pulley way you have crossing your arms authoritatively. Lens, lens, lens, lens, lens, lens, lens, lens, lens. But most of all we love you for going above and beyond the Call of Duty and service to these United States of America during the Gulf War. Yes, we love you for your warm-up for the way you squat it down on it. For the concern of it and on your furrowed brow when you patted Kuwait. For the aerial view that made you look like a road pizza. Thank you, dear Rick, for making news watching fun again. Thank you. Spoiler of that, and I also picked Channel 10 as the best TV station. Oh man. Mm-hmm. Anyway, can we get to that other page so we can do a little self-aggrandizement, slap patting out a back best Spanish language radio personality and million million. On radio a fay? I'm sorry, but any station called radio a fay. I get a little worried about is that his in fay Wayne? Could be. Best radio station WLRN FM. Woo! Last year they gave the... Talk about suits last year they gave it to WDNA, which is the public public access station that nobody can hear. That like everybody gets about four minutes on air to make a jackass and play radio. This year WLRN they picked up the baton or the antenna and run with it. They addressed the particular needs of our city offering creole language programming. The baits on issues dividing the community. Their music selection provides an oasis in the desert. Of nonsense available on other stations, favoring studies of jazz grades from the past from the past. Acoustic music programs, interviews with Brazilian musicians as yet on a herd of in these parts. Oh! Et cetera. Another lot of will feature is the radio reading service for the reading impaired like those of us at new times. Equally important for the television impaired in our community is complete coverage of world news through national public rated. Followed by indebted views with scholars experts and assorted eggheads to help you understand what you just heard. But frankly we like them best on no other radio because on no other radio station can you hear an hour of yodeling in Gaelic? Oh! Let's hear it for WLRN pubic radio. Best AM radio personality, Neil Rogers Wild, D610 AM. Good luck. He's vile short, ugly fat, myopic. Hell he's probably even gay. He's a chauffeur station at its advertisers. He's an irritating pseudo-intellectual master of contributes and he's got an ego-desized of Miami Beach's parking problem. He's also the funniest, most insightful talk show host in the nation. Yes, including Howard Stern. Isn't that sweet? Isn't that a nice backhanded compliment? The blood is pouring out of my back. Thank you so much. 1057 a Wiod. Let's go to a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. How you doing Neil? Great. We got cups. They're going to do this sounds like what he did to me. Boca. Oh, Boca in the Broward line? Yeah. Yeah. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, we're talking about Madonna yesterday or you were talking about Madonna yesterday. Does anyone really know about Madonna about where what her real name is? Do we know where do we care? Is that the question? Yeah, well, do you really care? Well, if you want to tell us, sir. Yeah, her real name is Valerie Thiccoun. Yes, she's from Bait. Valerie Thiccoun? The con, yes. Well, my water with the stuff in it, sure, with my... Hey, hey, she's from Bait City, Michigan. She got her father Fred, who were his Pontiac Motors. And if you know anything about her background and her mother just died. And if you know anything about her background, you'd find out that why she is the way she is. Well, because her mother just died? No, my mother just died. But if she was just a father with her Pontiac, is just that she's just a little weird and being from that part of the world. It was kind of funny listening to her and all of a sudden, because I know she's making it get records and all the stuff. And it's quite interesting. Where she came out of, she just came out of nowhere. And if you knew her background. How about all that here? Where did that spread out of? I'm talking about under the arms. How do the arms? No, no, no. I don't know where that came out of. Is that a new slogan on a new album that she's Madonna? She's the pits. I don't know what that means. Oh, she's breathing anyway. I got a little joke you're for you. We don't do joke. It's going into it. Do you don't do joke? No. All right. Oh, then I won't do it. But thanks for the info. 1058 at WIOD. How often do we have to say that? You know, it gets pretty, I mean the guy had some Martin Mald, pretty boring stuff. But it was okay. But then they all, you think that people are called as show. And Rick and Suds to a lot of those people call in these shows. And it's like they were trying to audition for the comedy womb, like they want to be the next Eric Lambert. Look what it did for him. People got up in the middle of their act last weekend. We can be four last on the beach. And they just ran out like there was a bomb scare. Is that what two people want to be? Regents, scorn, made fun of? That's why you're calling the show, right? Anyway, we have one open-minded Broward, 524WIWD will get to lots of the other really neat stuff here. This is great. I thank you again for, for, for, for so much. Best Harold writer, period John Barry. No, not Dave Vogueer, Barry. John Barry. The people call him. Yeah. Best Spanish language newspaper, El Pais. In Madrid, Spain. Pais? Does that what that means? I thought Pais was like, uh, Mitch Lewis is here. Anyway, Henry Barrow has got the news in the bottle for you. Kind of a capsule summary. We'll come back at 11.05. Rick and son with a Tupperware party, Joseph Eki on sports talk. Hank Goldberg would sound, soundpeach models and baves. A tool oven tonight. Yeah, it's in a waste basket. If you want that, you can have it. I mean, just stop and think about is there anybody in this building you want? Even if your wife didn't know about it. Is there anybody in the building you would hop on? Look, I knew blonde intern. Oh yeah. Nobody in the building I want. Not even close. 11 said can we hire some medicinal, they're not last summer. There were a lot of people that I wanted when we had the interns in the newsroom. Boy, oh man, I'm starting to get emotional now. It's 11 17 at W.O.O. Do what? There's nothing wrong with wanting as long as you don't run around screaming it. In other words, wanting silently is nice, but wanting loudly. I want it. I want it. In fact, one of the interns that was his problem is to run around in there to one of the news ladies wanting it and trying to get it. Pablo. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I got a new opening for you, sir. Okay. Okay. And now why is from the geriatric capital of the world? Is this Eric Lambert? No, it's right Eric Lambert. Don't even know. Okay. You're not doing amateur comedy, aren't I, right? No, I'm not trying to, but you're funny guy. Don't, don't ask me to talk to those, can do for you to shut up and eat. Right. That was great. What was it? That was great. That was for fat rich. Okay, listen, I was first time calling. I want to. Got tickets? I want. Got a parking pass? I want. I want. I want. I want. Face down what? What does he want? What does everybody want? They all want something. Sir, what do you want? Oh, I just wanted to tell you that I think you're great and I want you to be happy. Well, that's a niceest want we've had all day. Good. Thanks for sucking around. Okay. See you. 1118 at WIOD. We have an open line and Broward at five, you should, by the way, speak in of that. Give that little apple banana to Laura. Oh man, she was happier than a pig and slop. She was just wild. Now, I had a great line, but we need the job. Five, two, four, WIOD and Broward. And then there's an open line in Palm Beach, 65, five, nine, four, six, three, four, Loderdale. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I think the word you're looking for is professional is, is it supposed to amateur? Was that it? Yes. Well, speaking of that best-after-am radio personality according to new times. Oh, that is. That is, PENIO. Yeah. Who is that? Bethlehem with Yen Lucky. W-X-D-J-F-M-R-R-R-R-M-O. Yeah, K-POS-A. Yeah. Neil, I know this doesn't have anything to do with your talk about, but let me ask you a question before before you go into that. Is there something you want? I don't mean for me, is there just in general? Is there something you want? I don't sure, I want you to be happy. Oh, man, if there's troubles out of doing it really deep in here, folks. You'll never do it down here. Here's some names for you. I'll never do what down here, be happy. Yeah, Gilmig-Doug will gene woodlings. Gilmig-Doug will hit the line drive that the Nocturne scores brains into his pants. Because I know you're an old Yankees fan, Vic Rashi, Ally Reynolds, Eddie Lowpat. Yep, Johnny Sane. You only read some, why didn't you read? Does this thing? Hank Bauer? This is the time of the year. And baseball is the sport. Did you mention Irv Noron? No, I didn't. Well, there you go. It's all right. Don Larson. Yeah, popularly. Hmm. How many burns? Johnny Cook. Johnny Cook, Bob Grimm. No, Bob Grimm. No, 1954. 20 and six were the rookie year. And Yankees lost the penit to the Indians. You need to get 111 games. Yep, I know. Wow. Here's a man who knows his crap ladies and gentlemen, a real baseball per, the reason I haven't said anything today about baseball is because the cubs, the last three days in a row, getting the crap right out of me and the 15. Biosky got bomb yesterday, we'll all 16 to four. I won't get any fire. Good back. The boom with Yankees. Yeah. So we've had three rough days. But hey, listen, just a week and a half away. And it starts for real. And this weekend, we got those big exhibition games. And we can all get out there. And then, I know, but then, I trust you, I too. I rise to you in silence of a land. Hannibal, the cannibal. No, he'll tenderly you at Hannibal House. Yes, Hannibal House. Will a food is always flesh. And now try a new, smartest morgue. Beatering all you can eat finger food. Yeah, I'll have the hand in Swiss on right. I want a hot long, wet dog. Yeah. Hungry for breakfast. Try our 69 cents special. Scrambleed legs with fresh toast. And I'd like a coffee, too, please. Regular or decasticy. I'd never mind. And don't forget dessert. Try our world famous hot apple pie. Ah! This week, order Distended Member of Unions with a drink. And keep the glasses. Or a hearing aid. Even a complete set of dentures. Why not bring your friend to put in a... Amen. 10-07 bottoms up, everybody. Isn't this great? It's a holiday. Kind of like a little picnic here at W.W. I'd be a great day for everybody to bring in their little kids. Bring in their little dog. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Exactly. Well, my dog is here. Elaine wanted me to bring my little dog in. You want to say anything, Taney? Come on. Tiny. What do they do? Got a big weekend covered up. We got the Yankee Oreo Games tomorrow night in Sunday. Gonna have massive crowds. They've sold a Jidian ticket. How come they lied to us? Isn't that bother you just a little bit? I do understand that they're trying to play a little psychology game. Was it they tell people, what is it you want? You want to say something? What does he want? Okay. Anyway, he's going to be doing the show. What? What is it? What? This dog, you just like caught it. He said, he told me already said, I wouldn't come in this place every day if they paid me. And I said, believe me, that's your only reason I do. Okay. Anyway, it's Now this is great because you notice he's been quiet since 920 I got in here. Never made a peak. Everybody's coming making a big deal over this dog except for a Disney who's like caught it. They were all these kids doing all right. Right at dog? Is he going to be here all day? Who dog is that? What a friendly guy Mike. That's my opinion. I'm like this. Yeah, I hope you're his pal. And it's just like at the house when the phone rings, I get on the phone. This dog could be quiet all day and as soon as I get on the phone, he starts barking and hearing on pretending somebody is outside and the same thing now. Listen to that. What is your problem? Are you nuts? Oh, you heard the micronerious show. Well, I would make me do it. So anyway, we got the ball games coming up. We got the Monday night Christmas listed. Pop and Oad, don't forget about that. And then the drivers, championships, the last round before the semi finals. Next Wednesday, Don Harmon and John Hogan. And a good Friday today. So all the little bready kids are out of school and pay sauce. And what tell them more, could you want? Right? So we just should have a little party in here today. Not like yesterday. What is it? No, not poor. And that comes a little bit later on. So anyway, it's 1009 and WIOD. I think we're just going to play a lot of bits today. Don't you? This dog has gone nuts. Don't blame me. Blanned that big nose delay in that tour. Okay? She's the one who said, everybody, you've been giving me that jazz. You've got to bring your little dog in here. Okay, come on up here and say hi to the crowd. That's it. At a boy. Get up here. And don't pee on a counter, please. Anyway, it's 1009. Let's give those numbers out. 7519463 in date and Broward 524WIOD in Palm Beach 655-9463. Oh, you know what we got to do right at the beginning, George? For Scott and the people in that office thing. How much forgot about this? One moment, please. We got to do the second. Okay. We have to play a little bit each hour to keep that office pool going over there. They have a thing that is to which hour we're going to play it. And they're psychotic about the fact that you people are requesting that song so much and they're getting pretty sick and tired and hearing it already. Right? Right? Well, up yours, Tiny. 10 past 10 at WIOD. The spice sample is the place to be this weekend for Easter Sunday and Paisos. Boy, on Easter Sunday, they are featuring a fantastic Sunday brunch starting off with a cocktail and you're a trip to their fresh fruit and salad bar. Then choose from 17 different items including Prime Rib and shrimp and top it off. With dessert and beverage all on Easter Sunday for just $9.95. And of course, if you're a spice-daple regular, you know about that great gourmet country and seafood for the past 11 years, it's made them legendary. People just go nuts. They salivate. Overall, I'd delicious stuff in the downtown comfortable North Carolina setting that has made spice-daple the thing that it is today. Everything homemade and fabulous. And don't forget extraordinary lunch and buffet is Monday through Friday. Big country brunch on a weekend starting at 1130 early bird dining. Monday through Sunday from 4 to 6. Complete dinner starting at just 7.95. For all you snorers out there. But whatever you do, don't miss out to Sunday. Big, gigantic Easter Sunday, brunch 9.95 per person. At the two spice-daple locations in Fort Lauderdale, Mile West, Divine ID, 5 on Griffin Road, 9.62, 07.72 for reservations, 9.62, 07.72, or 2700 North Federal Highway in Boca, 3 9.4.3. 3 9.4.3.1. Have a real feast this weekend at the Spiced Apple. Hi, K-Best here. You know, I've always thought the best way to separate facts from fiction was to go directly to the source. So, when I heard the publics were still celebrating a grand opening of their Flagler Park Food and Pharmacy in Miami, I had to see for myself. And let me tell you that his store is teeming with special score, but just don't take my word for it. Visit your new public store values like dairy-fresh sour cream by 1.60 Nm. container for just 89 cents and get one free. And USDH choice bottom-round roast is only $1.85 a pound, as well as Idaho potatoes, purchase the 10 pound back for just $1.79 and get a tow bag free. Price is effective only at your new Flagler Park Publics. You know what's being really is believing. A lot of course, it's cheesecake. Just one tiny flavor and the next thing I know have to cake is gone. I never can quite believe that. They cannot be seen. What they have no place to hide. They are best in number. But their days are numbered. The invaders are termites. Behind your walls beneath your floor. The destruction could cost 2,000. The solution is the exterminator, the Yorkian man. And now, just termite control arsenal imputes the Yorkian flow meter. And only fork in housing. Other methods can give your house too much or too little protection. But with orchids new flow meter, you get the precise perfect amount to stop termites gold, guaranteed. In fact, if termites new richer and ork in will repair the damage. The exterminator, the Yorkian man, one call, destroys them all. Yeranty applies to qualified homes and requires an initial treatment and annual paid renewals, call ork in for details. It's all right, 1013. See, they never know the difference. If it's the real or is it mammaracks? Is it on tape or is it tiny? Yeah. Going out up the hall, isn't trying to go up the hallway and right near the front of the building to the right. Going at office, the one with a big desk, in a funny man with a big nose and a mustache sitting and I do a little number on his shoes, okay, straighten his ass out. It's 1014 at WIOD. It's a great Friday. We're just ready to do anything and everything that you want today, okay? Now let's know food today, right? Let's not overdo it. Yesterday was just disgusting. How did the truth that Med Green lost her wedding ring and the Jello? Is that true? What a bad break. That must have been great. Too bad they got out. Here's a mobile in the grove. Hey Neil, yes sir. You're going to the game tomorrow or what? Yes sir. Well, uh, you have a mind to fight joining in the sky back? Yeah, we mind. 1014 at WIOD. We have an open line on the star line. If you have Bellsoft mobility, be our guest star, IOD. And one in Broward, 524, what did Palm Beach, 655, WIOD. We're already often running, use they say, we're off to the races, right? Right, tiny? Yeah? Get out of here. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Okay, nice talking to you too. Well, that's the start. We're getting off to on Good Friday. That's the best. You wonderful, good, pious people can do on Good Friday. Is we get some jackass and then a hang up? A click? Miami. Hello? Yes sir. Yeah, how you doing? Are you going to be our first civilized caller of the day, sir? I'm Good Friday. I think so. Okay. Well, first I call. Thank you. You want to have to the ponta. Huh? I said how you doing? I don't pretty good, you? Great. Okay. Listen, oh my, I have to be at the jealous bus yesterday. It's a what? At the jealous bus. Oh yeah? Yeah. And it's Jim McRene did those rings. What a bad break, huh? Yeah, who's pretty upset that her husband, I think, was more upset. Yeah, because now he's going to have to go on fire with no one. Yeah, it's true. Also, how did the thing go? More work. It was pretty messy actually. Yeah. And Marvin got out? Yeah, Marvin got out. Oh, no. Well, he had to jump in because I don't know. Some of the people relate. So we're trying to take us some time. Yeah. How far did he jump? Or it's just down the ladder, it's like six foot. Oh, geez. What kind of a woozy thing is that? Are you serious? I thought it was going to be one of these 200 foot jumps or something. What six feet? Well, it's only hitting against a jealous only. We're inviting Marvin to come out to the swapshop. I'm under eight for really, so we're going to have jump 230 feet into a gigantic cement block. That's still a little moist. Oh, and we got a little tape of Meg Green here too. Would you like to hear it, sir? Yeah. Look at this. There's a bunch of dust things in there. They've never done it in my life. Oh, there she goes. Yes, you went down with the mobile phone in her hand. I was wondering she's going to lose that her name. I got news for her. I can assure you it is not the most disgusting thing Meg Green has ever done in her life. I don't want to speculate, but I have a feeling it's not. So it was okay, huh? Yeah, it was okay. Nothing to exciting. That really. Well, what do you expect? Well, listen, have a great holiday. You're going to be at the ballgame as by any chance? Uh, no, I got to work. Oh, man. What kind of crap is it? You got to work? Yeah. Saturday night? Yeah. Doing what? Well, we got a concert on your baseline. Oh, hey, listen, okay. Well, at least you got to go excuse. Yeah. Have a great time. All right, I'd like to call Rex a douchebag. Okay. And have a good day. I'm you, too. I'm trying to get out of my way now. I'm trying to do the thing there. Tiny. Take that. Oh. What? What? That'll straighten his ass out. We have an hope. Well, listen, I would never bring my dog into work, but he Lane and Cheryl and all these people have been bugging me. And especially, they had to holiday. Everybody in the building brought their brighty little kids in. And if I knew it was going to create any kind of a psychosis or problem, I never would have brought in my little poor, beautiful little dog that weighs all of eight pounds. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Exactly. What the hell is his problem, man? Is it that time of the month again? Or just tell him to take a little chill. Right, Tiny. Up his, right? Let's go to Kendall. Hello. Yes, I speak to Tiny, a boy Gary, whichever comes first. Just a second. Tiny. Tiny. It's for you, Tiny. Tiny, how was it in the microwave? He got real nervous because I brought him to the cafeteria. The first room he's coming down stairs and he started with the microwave, done. Oh, he's the giga. Yeah, back to the ovens again. Well, your doctor shows for the dogs. It didn't really interesting. Hi, yeah, right. All he knows is what he said when he came into building a smoke. He's a hello doctor. Yesterday I went, I stopped at my vet on the way home and I got science-died, dogg food and I got some highlight. It's a spray of vitamin kind of spray for dry skin and it seemed to help a little bit. What about his lamb or whatever it is in rice stuff? Silence of the lamb. Oh, tiny. Pirates fan, go bite him, tiny. Get him, Chuck Meyer. Bite his ass big time. Okay. Does he look like Bobby Beneo without the tan? You betcha. Wait a minute. He's trying to take it over the shower, ready? He's going to take the whole place over. Okay. Hey, listen, he's got, he, as soon as I brought him in the building, he said, what a slimy place this is. Was he like wacking his little, tail or whatever it was? He's got, he's only got like a little time. That's it. Chuck Meyer, they're tiny. Get him. Get him. Get him. Do you hear that? That's fabulous. Get him. That's nice. Well, well, well. Boy, he knows a pirate fan when he sees one. Could he have the birds in our round, huh? Yeah, then we'd have a whole animal house. Well, listen, have a great life, sir. Can you help him be a holidayer? And the same to you. Back. Boy, I guess he told you all, fine. Now, Elaine's in here. He's got no problem with Elaine. Of course, he can relate to that snaz. Anyway, we have an open line in Palm Beach. 65, five. Are you going to take him up to and do a little deposit in the back? I think it would be a good idea. Maybe not now, but sometimes soon, because it's all I need is for him to do something in the studio. And then the wrath of you know who that's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Well, come down on all of us. It's probably not to him, it was probably manages kids. Let's go to Keepa's Game. Hello. Yeah, Neil, how you doing? OK. Right. Neil, you know, there's a whole organization in douchebags. That's going to talk about the dry cleaners. Yeah. I just got another ship. There's an organization of them. Man, the dry cleaners in this city. Fuck. They literally. The DIA, the dry cleaners of America, ladies and gentlemen. I'm believe the book. Your local dry cleaner sucks. He does. Why? Why? What happened now? And now the time, this is about the fifth time since I've been in Miami, go to get me a shot at this morning's time. Wait, wait, are you wet to why? About the fifth time. Price picking English now, slow down a little bit, we might be able to understand. It's the first time of a cold, by the way. Well, yeah, but you're not improving. Oh, get him, tiny. Get him. Get him. Get that George. He's eating tacos again. I'm sorry. Yeah, this is the first time I picked up about a fifth time. I picked up clothes from the dry cleaners and they pressed them. I mean, what is it? What do you mean they trashed them? Where is it? Let's throw over. I'm going to jacket the other day. They put a hole in the back. Yeah, but they know where you're from. They figured you'd like, uh, you'll be, uh, trendy looking like that. It'll be right in. It'll be. That was it. Yeah. Yeah, you had a problem with dry cleaning? What is it? Have you ever had a problem with a dry cleaning? No. Have had a problem with. I mean, one time they lost something, but I mean, as far as having spots and holes in it, no. Some of my stuff has like, when I take it, they're spots and holes in it, but it's one or you expect much. Uh, oh, get to this later. Yeah, I think you should try different places. They probably know you there. Not an accident, believe me. All right, how about the weekend, right? And the same deal, mate. Yeah, no. Look, see ya. Boy, mate. We got your mate right over here. 21 past 10. If anybody would like to talk to the dog, they probably get a more intelligent conversation. We're doing it. It's good Friday. It's pace. Sockets. The big weekend game. We hope we're going to get the major league team here. Boy, it is just a tension. You could cut it with a butter knife. You could cut it with your thing. Would you stop making stupid faces in my poor dog and acting like a real jackass, George? During the break, he's going on the intercom. Whoop. Uh, uh, uh, make it all his gutter will sound. You don't, don't you realize what he thinks of you now? He's thinking of himself. What an asshole in there. What is wrong with him? Can't you just behave like a normal person? Does because there's a dog here? Just stop and think what animals must think of people like that. Every 10 they go through all those stupid. Hey, hey, here we go. Hey, you. You know, they give you a look like what the hell planet did you come from jackass? Right, tiny? Get him. It's 1022 at WIOD. We'll be right back. Bye, baby. The wonderful season of the year has arrived. But baseball season. And now, double day of the course. For the end soon, far, next year of this slide whistle. Play all your favorite baseball songs on Z-Car. Hipses that hit. Yes, it's hit me off to the ball game. You're also good. We're talking baseball. This is the album Making Waves in sports bars all over the world. Hey, guys, let's see here some Zimfar. Oh, the major league hits are here, including everybody's favorite. Shhh. And haunting melodies like. Order now and we'll throw in Zimfar songs from the dugout. All the players' favorites. I want to be rich. Money, that's what I want. Money changes everything. And just playing old money. Zimfar, which is the hit. Only 12, 25, 99, 95. Zimcash, check or order to know. If you buy it, it will come in about six weeks. For the denimburg, just came in here the dugout. Nut's 1026 in WIOD. We have an opening on that star line for our belts out of Bellsoft mobility friend Star. I, O, D. Fort Lodderdale. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm leaving this town tomorrow and rented Caddy. I've never come in bad. Oh, I wish I didn't have to. Here you go. I'm going to New Orleans and Panama City Florida. Hey, hallelujah. What a disgusting pair of places to go. You panoramic city's nice like in the middle of the summertime. Oh, it's beautiful there. Lay on those beautiful white beaches. Mm-hmm. See all those yahu's and red necks? Oh, you ain't kidding a lot of yahu. And then you go to New Orleans and see all of the yahu's. All the drunken yahu's. New Orleans is probably one of the most disgusting, slimy places I've ever been to my life. And you like it? No. I've been there once. Oh, what have you got into New Orleans for? Unless you want to drink yourself into oblivion. Well, if you do that here. Well, Jesus, what is going to ask you to do some place to go there like to eat? In New Orleans, I think the bus station would be good. Now, they do have excellent food there. Okay. But I went there one weekend. It was like a lifetime buddy year ago. I wouldn't go back there if they paid me. Actually, I had that same experience. It was like a lifetime for an afternoon. But I'm just going to take another half this time. Where was that? Did you mean you were already there? Yeah. There once a mother half hasn't been there. So, I'm making it long. Boy, that'll be the end of your marriage. Yeah, probably. Well, hey, can I just call off my boss a major douchebag get to see all his cousins me out for listening to you? Yeah. Slime balls, what I would call her. All right. Oh, candy cobbies, a major slime ball. Okay. Have a great day, sir. Have a good time and spite of it. Happy holiday. And the same to you. Thank you. Oh, everybody's so excited. Happy holiday, man. Let's play slabel. It's a wrong holiday. And let's have some home and touch. It's never the wrong holiday for home and touch. Don't tell you that. We have an open line in Broward, 524 bark. Look at that. He's laid down on the counter there. He just resigned himself to the fact that he's surrounded by douchebags. Boy, what a strange bizarre bunch of people he said. You're right, tiny. And speaking of that, Nashville is calling. Yeah, it's Nashville is calling. You're in Nashville. Are you up there? I sure am. Well, I'll be there. I just landed here about two hours a day. Oh, man, if there's any place worse than the world in Dwarf Panama City, it's Nashville. Well, I left Florida and I arrived to 60 degree in rainy weather, but they have healthier. So that's good. But it's dank. Isn't it dank? Well, so far. Yeah. Well, get used to it. Yeah. You have used to it. It's a dank, murky Yahoo place. What are you doing there? Well, I'm visiting friends for the weekend. And you know me. Well, I think you remember me. You know, we come back as data. You know, you wanted to see what you had to offer a title. Oh, yeah. How you doing, Debbie? I'm glad. And then I called you from Disney World, but you were stuck. Yeah. Well, am I really moving up in the way? Yeah. We're glad to wait a few days. We're doing this in Nashville. Ooh, boy. No, I told my boyfriend Greg, who's a major dish that I had to say that, because otherwise, you would know with me. Now, he's wonderful. He drove me to the airport. And I told him I called this to red in there that I got here safe. And just to say hello, and you could put a stick pin in the, yeah. We can stick it. And I'm not a master. I'm not a master. Oh, I tell you, don't be alarmed. Now, if you go over your friends into a grocery store, they have croaks. Listen to me. Listen to me. Listen to me. We're literally right now from a place called mega market. Yeah. And it's like three times the size of any extra I'd ever been in. Right. It's very scary. But look at the checkout. Will you listen to me when you get to the checkout lines? All the women cashiers. They have little whiskey beards and a smoke and a smoke of corn cob pipes. So don't panic when you see that. It just goes with the territory. OK, I don't want to get on me. I'm looking now and you actually are correct. Yes. When I say I'm not for it. Yeah. See, the Nashville population is the product of centuries of inbreeding. Because the philosophy there was always incest is best. Mm-hmm. And that's why they're all kind of like there. Seven brick short and they look like something from my Uranus. Oh, my. Good. Well, maybe you've been your ice imp. I worked there for a month at WLAC. Did you ever hear that story? I know. Oh, mate. We'll be back in night October of 81. How could I forget? Four horrendous weeks. It was a nightmare. Huh? Didn't like it? No, it isn't that they didn't like me. I was out at night. So I was getting calls WLAC is a big powerful 50,000 watt station. We're getting calls from 38 states. But I just didn't like that downhome kind of mentality there. You know? Yeah. That kind of plan is added to that they seem to have. You're just going to love Nashville. Unless you're from Florida, New York or maybe too much or both of the above. You're going to love Nashville. Well, then I guess I'm in trouble because that's two of the categories category. Oh, boy. Well, listen, just put on a dark shroud. Don't let anybody know about it. No, Tom. I need to attack when I said I read my boyfriend's grave and his mother Helen is a huge bag. And you're wonderful, Neo. And I'll see you in the next one. Have a great time. Get out of there soon. Bye-bye. You're going to love Nashville. That's what they told me. You're going to love Nashville. Like three Broward lines suddenly opened up there like in the middle of the board. Like a gigantic slit in the middle of our heart. 524 9463. 524 WOD is I said done Tuesday. Finally realized what week it was. It's a it's a rough week. Isn't it brutal week? Because they're all busy busy doing what we still haven't found out. But they're all very busy. They're needing the dough. All of we don't use dough. What are they needing? I guess they're needing something. They're some common sense. Oh, Polaka. Good afternoon. Yes sir. Good evening, pal. What? I smell baseball in the air. And you're like hardly way. You can sniff it right now. Believe me when I tell you. You bet. Oh, is WID going to do anything like to help you out there? Yes sir. Both games we are told. In fact, let me look at my sheet here. Yeah, please. In fact, I should have told Debbie to check the sheet up there in Nashville. She's probably wearing one by now. Baseball tailgate party. We support baseball in South Florida parties. Saturday and Sunday. In the North parking lot come out early and enjoy free games and music before the aches of the oils take the field both tomorrow night and Sunday afternoon. How do you like that man? I was early. I don't know. Probably around. I would say about six tomorrow and probably around noon on Sunday there or give her take. Okay, cool. You've only got one dog in the studio, right? Well, you bring your other ones. We go to the top of the grass. Oh man, I'll tell you the other way. Can you see me driving to work in my bed with the golden retriever and this little piece of junk here? That's serious. Can a trailer with all the medication for the. Yeah, right. Everybody's got a theory out of fix it though. Well, actually it helped him a little bit, but I started sitting there scratching and munder my arm yesterday for about an hour. Take care. Have a good time buddy. Okay. We'll be there with bells on 1033. We'll have a chance probably to talk to Kevin Moss up close and personal. See the Yankees get their butts kicked twice by the O's. Comes lost again yesterday by the way, but we don't want to talk about it. The Yankees got the crap beat out of him. Our pitching is just can't complain about our pitching because of the Danny Jackson. We don't have any at the moment. Moral Gables. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I want to be to tell you that I'm a little remiss on my being able to go to the games. You're a little miss. You sound like a little miss is a matter of fact, which up a little. No, I have to work. So I do have to miss. I know that's no excuse. You have to work Saturday night? It's Sunday. Oh, I work for the University of Miami. Unfortunately. You work for the U of M. Yes, but not. And you actually have pronounced several words correctly in the first 30 seconds. I can't believe it. Well, anyway, I just want to say that I hope they come off. But even if it does look like it's going to rain and all that kind of stuff like the predicting. People go and just sit there and start yelling in the scenes. You know, we want days. Well, who said it's going to rain? I mean, we might have like a little drip or drop here. Well, I'm getting nervous. It's cold front. Cold front. It's going to be 80. I know, but there's a cold front coming down the state. You've been listening to all. All I know is Maria Genero. They're lovely and talented. Maria, who's on with Hank last night, I didn't hear it. I see her thing every morning. It didn't look like it said like a little, a scan possibility of showers tomorrow night and Sunday minimal. Cool. And about 80 or 82, both days. So I don't know what's the cold front. I'm not going to get here. Okay, let him have it up at Orlando. Screw them. They've got enough business already to hell with them. That's the, that's cool. I wanted to, I wanted to thank you for recommending a movie. I know I'm a little bit late on this too. Going to see last week before I went to work on Friday, I went and saw silence with the land to the real hero theater. What an amazing movie. I was, I had to have been at least shaking for two to three hours after I saw that. We were shaking it for two to three hours. I have to have a little bit of hot can't believe it. Anthony Hopkins. Tremendous. Well, you know what struck me the best. The best scene that I thought was when he was in the cage type thing and after he's killed him and then he's listening to the music and just like, you know, he's doing his role thing to the music and he's a guy's laying there. That was, I mean, it's summed up the whole character. My favorite scenes were when they had him in the straight jacket, it's sent pop like straight up. With his nose, of course, then. The airport? Yeah. That was one and also in the cell, but the airport was one of the best. Oh, yeah. That. And it was just, there were wonderful performances from everybody. I just think the timing by the studio. I don't know if they were, if they should have released it before and made it eligible for this year's Oscars. I'm sure it was filmed in time. But Anthony Hopkins would have killed that guy Jeremy Irons. Yeah. That British guy. I was the one or the other. Oh, he would have killed it. It would have been, I just told people remember it. Come Oscar time. Anyways, Neil, you're a great job. My big dog, by the way, is the starring Lancy, could make it. He's starring in a sequel to that called Silence of the Lams in Rice. Have a great weekend. It's a good time. Bye. That's true. 1036 at WIOD. I'm good Friday. How about some macaroni and cheese? They still do that. I remember when I was a kid going to school, he used to really bug me. I mean, I don't care about anybody's religion or any fairy tales, but that Catholic influence was just a little bit more than some of us could handle. Every Friday was like tuna fish and macaroni and cheese. I want to stick and cheeseburger, okay? I don't want macaroni and cheese. Although I'll be honest with you, they do like macaroni and cheese. Don't you? If it's like crisp on the outside, kind of like real crisp. For example, if you go into Morrison's or one of those places, and you go through the line, and there's always like the outside is real crispy and almost burnt a little bit, which is the really good part. And it seems that they always stick the ladle like underneath and give it a real, sweat, a sloppy goofy. You don't want that. You want that crisp, right? And they're saving that for themselves. And I think they probably eat that all during the lows in the break. 10, what is that on a bat line? That's not Jeff offering to bring macaroni and cheese. Is it? He don't make macaroni and cheese. My dog would like something, but he'd go nuts over that. Now you notice how much he's bothering everybody. He's just laying there real quiet and making no problems at all. Just got up and stretched right now, right, tiny? No problem at all. And the boss hates you like poison. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Is he going to be your old day? No, he's going to go out on the boulevard and hitchhike home is what he's going to do, Mike. Get him. Go bite him. Do something on his shoes. It's 22 to 11 at WIOD and we'll be right back. Now there's a condom built to provide you with the safest sex possible. Bungie-cold condoms. A guy who date the really big girls. Okay, 1042 and WIOD, there she goes. How about somebody give me a ring this weekend? Let's take a call from Boka, hello. Yeah, do you have anything on Steven J. Gregg getting arrested? Some hot 105. Now again? Well, no, a Jimmy more information. Dr. Roni details may be a police report, foe. While you work at EDR, is that it's her? No, oh. What is your story? I'm going over the zebra's hair for the show. To who? Oh, get out of here. That's super dave. You believe that? Go away, you fat slob. Go away. Go away. Go see Gary Sebel. Go call Gary for a date. Get out of my life. Go away. And stop coming to my table at Papua, tell me that Gary sent you down. Gary said you're a fat douchebag is what he said to me. These people, these groupies who have no, see, basically, like I said, the trends come out the other day. We did great knock on wood, the whole station as fabulous. But nobody cares because there's nothing happening in radio. There's people who have no lives other than this radio gossip and crap. It's pathetic. It's embarrassing. Exactly. Get a life pal. North Miami Beach. How you doing Neil? OK. Good. Pulling down how and they'll beach volleyball, when you started your show. And I wanted to make a request and get to play that Hannibal Lecter thing one more time. I just got you planted. I know you played it. I mean, you haven't even finished the first hour and they want to hear stuff again that I just got you planted 10, 15. One more. But I've got to go to work in 11 o'clock. So, I'm bad. I'm not going crazy. No, no, I like wiped out four senior citizens going to hell it be full of our laughing to heart. It was really cool. That case. Thank you, sir. I'm up right there in the restaurant. I'd be great. OK, we'll get it in for you. Thank you. Have a nice day. Don't do this again. OK. Fine. These people are crazy. But that's what they say on the day of your dog he's wedding on a good Friday. You can't refuse the request of something like that. I'm not doing requests. Do you think we should do request? I think we should do it. What do you think? Oh, is it an acute little kissy kissy on a microphone? That was really cute. Get out of here. Do you expect? Here's a mobile and hell and Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? OK. I hope tight is not home from your lake there. No, sir. Coming to the microphone. There's something so far from there to go. Tiny else fixed to the very early age. You're nothing going to tell them as they say. It's not going to make any difference. See, I'll listen to the stadium. Joe Robbins, located in a Lake Booth's site. So they should be called the Lake Booth Third Lucky. Yeah, OK. About that. Can't you cigarette names for baseball? Lake Booth? Yeah. Huh. I like that thing. OK. We have an open line. That's the second idea we've had on the start line today. Boy, for the sisters having to pay to those for that. Well, isn't that cute? Who is that? Who is that? Is that our weekend anchor now? Isn't that amazing? Tiny want to see some of these little bready kids in the hallway and go out there and bite them under a finger? Let them know that this is not it. This is not a play house. This isn't P.W.'s play house or play ways P house. This is a radio station. Tiny, who's that? Look, look at who's that? Who is that? Go get him. Go on. Get out of here. Pop it all. That's a tiny get him. Pop it all. Is that the click on the clicking line? You just what? What is it? I'm a little bit older. How are you doing? Let me ask you, sir, do we have a bad connection? Maybe. Are you in pop it all? How come when I said pop it all? You just kind of like laid out there. I said hello. We didn't hear you. This is in first time, call us. I want to say hello to Jimmy the douchebag part of the window cleaner. He put me on here and I think you're great, great, you're great in the day now. Yeah. But the one thing about your nail should be a dodgy fan made. Then called you's never going to make it. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Well, we're going to do our best. Okay, sir. I know you're a big expert. You sound like you really up on your cricket. But we're going to do the best we can. All right, Nate. Okay, bloke. All the best. Get out of here. I don't want to anymore these blatant of moke bloke. Many of that crap. Okay, that cornball stuff. These down under people. Go back where you came from. Okay, we're friendly. Here to a point. Well, actually we're not friendly. We hit everybody like poison and we're proud to tell you that. That's because we've been invaded by a bunch of frogs. If you jump off that counter out of the floor and do a little number on the floor tiny, it's going to be very upsetting to somebody up in the front of the building. So go ahead and do it. Don't forget, Rick and suds by the way this afternoon. They're out of the date County Youth Fair. How about that, huh? And old, uh, Jellow Jumpers going to be out there with them. Add ought to be great. Yeah. And suddenly in Jell, how come it to look at this? Here's our sheet. They're doing a remote no less and our crack production department. Promotion, whatever the hell they are in there. Can't even put on there. They're doing a remote at the youth fair today. That's pretty inverse. You bet. Sunny and Jellon Sports Talk. Former heavyweight champion Larry Holmes with Hank tonight. Boxing. Ooh, Hank, come on. Get some of those babes on her again. I'll be sure you're tuning in for that. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Yes. Speaking of frogs, there's tiny little dog who ate the frog about a year ago. Yeah, I've had that carnier two-as-a-meter effect somewhere. Am I dog almost died? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll play that today, just not over his appearance here. Once in a lifetime appearance. How do you know how to react? They're not going to be here today, so we locked out. In fact, I told him they were doing a remote today. That's the only way we would come in. Oh, and then I kind of hope any guest does with us. Yeah. I'm a shoe. Well, that's all I really wanted to do. Yeah, dictator, we're going to be out of the youth fair today. Have a great day, Frank. I like that. I mean, Rick and Spudges, okay. It's kind of silly. But dictator, that's got some appeal to it. I've got some flair. Got some taste. I guess so as my salad coming from Sunny's today. Because yesterday he must have heard that we had all that grow test come on. I want to thank Bill Adelia again. And of course Jeff, although Jeff gets enough free plugs. I'll be down. He's going down on the floor now. You know what that means? He's going to be doing any second. Now wait a minute. Let me just check. Tiny. Wait a minute. Oh, no. Oh. He's sniffing. I think Elaine, the lovely Elaine, how to get in here real soon and take him for a little walk out in the back where there's a lot of grass and some stuff. Because otherwise it could be a very nasty scene in here where she's the one that wanted him here today. She's got like 12 minutes before that and Henry's doing it was anyway. Elaine gets your big nose in here and take Tiny for a walk. Okay. Like soon. Because he's starting to sniff around where others have been before. Papadol. Hey, Neil? Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay. First time caller. Got a question. Yes, sir. First of all, I want to let you know that we just called up the Jo Robby Stadium. Yeah. Take it to sold out. Great. Great. Isn't that a go? I can't get any ticket. Well, I mean, great for everybody else. Yeah, right. Is there any way if you get any? Got a few tickets for me? I don't have any tickets. No. I don't even have tickets for Fred Rich, which I think is pretty disgusting. I do. I think after all this stuff he's done around his place and being a real snore, I think it's wait a minute. My dog is like this appeared somewhere and when it gets real quiet, you know what I'd usually mean? Don't you? Yeah. There he go. Okay. Looks like I have to know a question. Yes, sir. How come you liked my Emmy Hurrell so much? How come I liked him so much? Yeah. Next question, sir. Okay. That's a question. You said this is your first call? Yeah. Don't make it a habit. Should it be my life? Well, you're getting right on the edge. Okay. Good fellow. It's great movie. Yeah. As a squirrel. Yeah. Not a question. My girls in the office here, they're all afraid to call you. You always think that you're going to jump all over them if they call up. I'd doubt that. Yeah. Pretty unlikely. That would make the hero. Yeah, because I got a more hooked over here. Got about eight girls. Well, I'll tell you, if I dog likes this call a lot. He said it's time to say goodbye. That's a long, sir. Boy, he hated that call. Well, who is he barking at? Is he barking at you? Well, I don't think you're the one to be taken in for a walk. Okay. Hate him. That's it. Get him. Boy, he doesn't like that hairdo. 10 before 11 is to be a IOD. We have an open line in date, 751 bark and one in Broward, 524. Boy, he hates him. Mitch Lewis. Well, he heard that cart last week. Okay, Disney, already given the load on that. Where I'm telling you, Elaine has got to take that dog for a little walk now. I'm telling you, it's that time when he jumps off the table onto the floor and starts stiff it around where others may have been or not as the case may be. It's time for her to do a little business. In fact, the two of them can do it in stereo out there on a channel 7 doorway. One of the biggest there she is. I don't think my God for doing it. For why is that? You're going to lose your job for this. Hey, I heard the news this morning, honey, believe me. That could be the reason. Now, what are you barking about? Jeez. Let's get with it, Eric. Is this a radio show where a manazerie? Boy, look at that. He just freaked out since Mitch Lewis came in here. Anyway, one of the biggest savings and loans in Hollywood is going under in their losses, you're gained. So don't miss out. This weekend, only Toyota Hollywood is barking about a special purchase sale. This Saturday in Sunday over 450 pre-owned cars and trucks will be sold. It's a chance to buy a great pre-owned vehicle at an unbelievable bank-busting price. Right. Shut up. It's an opportunity of a lifetime. You may never see low prices like these again. The special two day only sale will be held at Toyota of Hollywood's used car wholesale on 440, 1 between tapped and charred in streets. People are barking the news all over town. And due to the outrageous demand, lot of hours will be extended to 12 midnight this Saturday only tomorrow and Sunday from 11 AM to 7 PM. Don't miss this extraordinary sale where at Toyota of Hollywood. 10WIOD. He's been censoring my promoser and it's only recently that's coming to my attention. Then when we finally do get something on it, it's really hysterical and really great like the bridge tender guy or the thing we played the other day. And we wanted to run for a few days because he makes it so difficult for us to have one that is socially acceptable for that boring plastic geriatric audience in a morning. And then all of a sudden he takes eat, he danks it out. Well. That's Roger's new thing. When it out, you can't get out. If that's the solution of that. Exactly. Good lines here. Excellent. 141. I mean, if I never dreamed we'd ever have any kind of thing with Roger and or Mr. Reneri. Mr. Hotshot in the morning. I mean, I just don't understand that if you really believe that your audience is that tender and sensitive and a bunch of old-de-crepant farts, then my god, let's get rid of the ones who are just that sensitive. Okay. I mean, I can understand a lot of those people don't want to hear this show, but they can't stand a 22nd promo. Man. Doos bags? I'm sorry. You don't want that to get on. Right, Ron? Ron? Ron? Ron? Ha ha ha ha. Ron? We caught him a little short. Ah-ha. Okay, hold on. He's working over there. Okay, that was great. We caught him with his turn tables down. Medley. Neil? Yeah. Speaking of embarrassing, who thought of the office challenge? Oh, man. That's a boy Gary Productions here and quite frankly, I think they deserve it now. The beginning, I had some sympathies for them, but now you know what come to run, go to run. Hey, Neil, they left out part of the, uh... So if my, if my promars are too exciting and spicy for that show, I think the office challenge fits right in. Now what is it? A little bit of fast for the show, but yeah, that's right. Hey, they left part of the, uh, come straight out. Did you mention earlier? Oh, Mitch Williams, I hope. Yeah, Mitch Williams. You wish? You know what they got for it? Broken batten, two prime time rags. There you go. How do you know? Thanks a lot, good deal. What are you doing with them now? I can't take all right. Did you come up with them a long way to the office? Your boyfriend is taking a nap. Okay, don't worry about it, Elaine. And I'm glad if somebody gets upset that he pooped in this room twice, it was all your idea. Okay, Elaine just makes sure that everybody knows it was Elaine at Tor's idea. Yeah, dream my dog back, okay, dog napper. We have an open line in date County, 7519463. She would give Tony a big kiss, but the nose gets in the way. For Lauderdale. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. Hey Curtis. I got a two dogs here and they're both males and they really like each other. Really? Yeah, reminds you a little bit of you. Okay. A little bit. Up your espal. That'll be next. You'll be able to line it, Broward, 524 Curtis is a slime ball. Don't trap the soap, too, by the way Curtis. You know he showers with the guys, the dogs. Let's go to Miami. Whoops, sorry about that. Miami. Miami? Hello. Yes sir. It's you. What's going on with Greg D'Doe? What's going on with him? Yeah. Tune in Monday morning. I think you'll fight out like goodbye. Okay. Is that it? You have any insight information? That's the insight info. New format change, radio, mix. That's the four of the rumors. Okay. Okay. Good luck to you. Okay. In fact, he's called in twice already today. I'll bet out of shape. Exactly. Who has the longer nose, tiny or related study, even a contest. Tying his embarrassed. He's turning red face. There's an opening in date. You won't get on the air. 7519463. Here's a mobile on eye 95. Hey, hey, don't. Okay. Hey, one thing I'd say at first, my butt. What's that, sir? I've noticed on every bit of work that's done on the highway. Even on the small road, I've noticed on Miami, Miami, I've been on Brickle. They have to have a Florida highway patrol. Sydney is called. Yep. Watching it. Have you noticed that? Yes, sir. I sure have. Well, it keeps him out of trouble. Keeps him from Martin U.N.E. tickets. I guess the crack dealers like that too, huh? Yes, sir. Oh, well. Okay. Good luck to you. Thank you. Okay. Pretty boring pal. That's all I can tell you. I'm putting my carts away. I'm going to tell you about it. Did we get the asshole song in his car briefly? Okay. Let's make sure this runs into promo on Monday. Okay. Well, that was tight. You know what we got to write up to the intro. Excellent. So next time on the 10 o'clock hour on Monday morning, we'll have the very beginning of the song for you very briefly. Okay. You're by Elaine. Say goodbye. You're old. Your geriatric boyfriend's waiting for his new in geratol feeding. 146 at WIOD. If you have visitors in town at By Elaine. Have a nice life. If you have visitors in town at Wiken and you're looking for a night of excitement at her Tema, which everybody's going to enjoy. Then plan to visit to Pompano Park. Get the whole family out there. Kids 17 and under always welcome admitted free to the Grandstand when accompanied by a parent. And make your plans not to join the gang from our 610 Pompano Hardest Rate, a fundraising stable Monday night. Christmas list goes in the 11th race. Why did they keep doing that? Why did they keep doing that? On a weeknight, no less. Okay. The 11th race. Not the 8th of the 9th race. The 11th race. I just got you telling them it's too late. You try to squeeze too much milk out of a turnip. Okay. Anyway, he'll be in the 11th race and he's got the five hole again this week. And a seven horse field against Wollock. Just say so Trenton's breeze. Wollock's Roger. Glowing tribute and Kiwis Saki on the far outside. With a $5,400 person at race, a win by Christmas list, when put his earnings over the $19,000 mark. So members of our stable, be sure and bring your horse owners pass free club as admission at night. And of course, you can watch the NCAA finals on the TV monitors throughout the track. And if you're in a clubhouse on your own little table side TV. Okay. And don't forget also next Wednesday, bring your 610 WIOD pass for free admission for the final light of the opening round of the drivers championships. And chips is done. Harmon goes against John Hogan. Poppinoharness. Nightly Monday through Saturday, free parking till 630 in post time every night is 730. We'll see you soon. Maybe tomorrow night at Pompano Park. See you, Meg. Oh, there she goes again. 149 at WOD. What a frantic day this has been. Okay. At tiny just relax. It's almost over. That's how I feel every day about this time. Two tiny just relax. I know you want to cry. That's exactly the way I feel. How's Ron doing by the way up there? Hey, one a your end of a bag. Wait, with the last song. Break your dough will be playing on Waxy. And of a drag. When you've been in the gym. Okay. That's either a commentary on his last song or the way he's dressing Monday morning. Let's go to Pompanoe's garden, shall we? Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. First time caller. Wonderful, sir. Oh, excellent. I've got one thing I have to get off the get off my chest so to speak. Yeah. I got bigger than my lump. Well, I'll put it to the spot. I got to pull over by stormtrooper up here. And I got ticketed because my temporary tax had fallen out of the window. It was partially taped. I got a $35 ticket. Oh, man. I'm talking to their just a bit. They're harassing the public is what they're doing. Sir, they're not enforcing the law. They're harassing the public. They are terrorizing our pathetic meaningless little life. And I think they're getting paid commission on everything. I guarantee them to you. Well, I get an array of. I just want to tell officers. When I think you're a big brain part in Neil, you rule. Any other. Exactly. Have a great life. You too. Boy. These pigs out there, man. I'm telling you, I wouldn't you be embarrassed. I bet you. I mean, there is a certain mentality. I've always said this. There are some good police officers somewhere. Some down here. Few. But we got a lot of these guys all over the country. I mean, the thing in LA, why is that come as a big surprise? The reason a lot of these people want to wear the uniform and have the badge in a gun is so they can act out their prejudices and hatreds and macho or whatever it is against everybody else. I'm the hot shot man. I got the club in the gun and I'm going to beat their living crap out of you man. Because I'm the law. I'm Mr. Macho. Can I ask my Smacho? Me or Curtis? That's the question. And that's what's going on out there. So all this crap of a OG, it just, you know, I said before. And I have to say that because I got to believe that a lot of officers don't want to have to do this with the tickets and sitting with the radar and the vast car and all this other crap. And I'm sure that there are many who don't. But boy, there are a lot of them who just love it. Because it's easy. It's like shooting a fish in a barrel. There's a very little danger in it, especially in broad daylight. Sitting out there under the overpass or over the underpass or wherever the hell they're doing, passing it. With their radar gun. The one thing I will say I was pleased to see was either yesterday or Wednesday and I was damn happy to see it. And I mentioned this a few days ago. I'm going home. I think it was yesterday. And on 82nd street where that school zone is, they had all whole bunch about four or five assholes pulled over who are going to zip in by their 30, 40 miles an hour in a 15 mile an hour of school zone. Now that's where they should enforce it. Okay. Here are these poor little kids, like little five and six and eight year old kids trying to cross the street there. And some of you people go flying by there like you're on your way to the Grand Prix. Slime balls. So that's where they ought to be. And yesterday, thank goodness they were in a were right and fast and furious. And how will you do them and screw all the other ones? Right, Ron? Hey, Warner, you're an actually franchise way. Have a great weekend, everyone. W-I-O-D. He may make a plan on tomorrow. See, Ron, Buckingham's again. Pondrous. 153 at W-I-O-D. Let's take a call from Fort Lauderdale, shall we? Deal. Yes, sir. Hey, I got two questions for you. I can go down to the door. What kind of a phone is that? Have you got it like tied around your neck? What's that? That phone sounds real muted. I don't know what happened. I don't know. Anyway, where's the, uh, the tailgate party at Don Air on Sunday? The tailgate party on Saturday and Sunday is at the North Parking Lot. Okay. North Parking Lot. Hey, listen, and the promo that you need to get is you need to have a bomb smoke. We cut the cheese for you there. If you better go on a rock or show. Black, we could have that on Monday. See you. See you. See you, Leo. 154, whether it was something important I was going to mention. Boy, what the hell was it? Something like life and death that I got to mention before we get out of here? What the hell was it? Oh, man. I just had a tip of my thing and it slipped away. We got the tailgate parties. We got the ball games. We got the NCAAs tomorrow night in the final on Monday. We got Christmas listed. Pompatau Monday night. Oh, I know what it was. It was about our friend of Dick and Tater lost. So what does that mean? I better sit around here for a couple of minutes just in case. George tells me he got a call about ten minutes to two. From a hopelessly lost Rick Riley who's out there somewhere in his car. Wait a minute. Was that him now? Desperately searching for the day count of youth fair and not finding it yet. And of course, he could get lost inside his living room without any help. So I guess and what was he and then he got cut off in his great mobile phone. Did he see that the other day that the batteries were running down and he called in? That happened when he was stuck by the bridge. And he said, I'm lost of it. And it was it. Is that him? The land of the lost ladies in gentlemen? I don't believe this. I've been here a billion times and I've lost. Yeah. Just play that for about another half hour, please. Where are you? I say I'm lost and you say where am I? Yeah. I don't. Well, let me give me a general idea like in Monroe County. Where the hell are you? I can smell the pizza. No, that's from over here. Oh, that's flagless street. I just bad flag, I'm on 177. But I remember just getting off the turn, like a whipping around and you're there. You're whipping it around. And I've been to the highway patrol office. Yeah. Oh, geez. Ha ha ha ha. Great. Now I'm just looking for a bridge to get stuck behind. We knew you could do it. Yeah, well, thanks. Now, what about that thing with Roger censoring my promos? Do you have something to say about that? I play the thing again. Play what thing. Jerk. Jerk. Yeah, right. Is that disgusting? That the morning audience on our station is too sensitive and too old and geriatric and disgusting. They have our promos being put. We have to have some self-appointed censoring our promos. We don't play that promos because I'm trying to keep people awake in the afternoon. Ha ha ha ha. Wow. That was Rick Rale, who said that he used to work here. Thank you very much. He used to work here. He used to work here. Oh boy. Yeah. Oh, you must be in Daytona. Oh man. This has been the worst. I've gone through $9 in tolls. Well, let me ask you, Axiots. I guess I better sit here and make sure that sucks is there, huh? I better hang around a minute. You would. So how long, when are you going to get there? What is he going to do? I see a fairytale. I don't know. What does he ever do? Well, what does that mean? You see a fairytale. Don't you understand that then when you get there, you have to find the exhibitionist said. Oh, I know. Well, they took a phone. You know, I can do this while I'm walking around. Yeah. Get some of these. Oh, that's good. You're doing the show. What is this? We just potted up the remote. Okay. He said this is there. Okay. Save so I can leave. You can go home. Go ahead. They're all saying, oh, I'm just going to do the show by himself. He's glotten about it. He loves it. Yeah. He gave me direction. Yeah. I heard he loves it. But that's kind of a stir. Well, my dog's barking. He's a good tiny today. And he's working weekends. Goodbye, Randy. Yeah. Have a good time. See ya. Boy, boy. Listen to that. Hey, sides. Sides. Can he hear us? They got to speak around there. Sides. Maybe he's going to put this on. What? How are you doing? Hey, what do you say? I missed that. He said he's in Daytona Beach and having a hell of a time. He said you're going to have one great show today. Well, he's better off than I am. I don't even know where I am. He said he just saw Ferris Wheel. And then it turned out it was a sign. It said Ferris State College. That's in Michigan, I think. What'd you do? You give him directions, huh? Yeah. Well, I think you worked out pretty well, huh? Excellent. Well, listen, have a good time to loud lines. I was great. You got a crowd of wonderful living people out there. Just do it. How would him? Screw him. I try to just a parade of sausages and elephant ears out here. How about the people? Listen, have a great time. I had a great life. Okay. Look at that. We got him on the air. He's out there. Thank God for that. Because my dog could not stay in another five minutes. Believe me. He has had a pressure pack. Hey. Literally. Pressure pack. You know, I seriously. People who are, I mean, I eat. Okay. But rich. He doesn't just eat. He like eats for a living. Some people live for, I don't know how you would say. He just lives to eat. And he's sitting there in a basement. The guy with a gun, he's just pulling it away. Well, a dog is only eating what he's putting on a floor for. Okay. And he's shoveling and meat balls and sausages. He's taking his plomins and making the spaghetti and Godfather. So shoveling it all on the floor. And of course, the dog being a glutton and a piece of crap is eating everything he puts down there. And then all of a sudden, like when any came in here, and stepped in the dessert, we had a real mystery. Like, how come he did that? I wonder. Don't take any crap from that. And you just dish it out. You dish it out, but you can't take it, right? Well, listen, have a wonderful weekend. A great holiday. Easter, paces off. Tissue both whatever you're celebrating. Enjoy the ball games tomorrow night Sunday afternoon. We're going to get ourselves a major league baseball in this Godfather's second town. Have a wonderful time at the track. And golf stream today in tomorrow and Sunday. And pop it over the weekend. And Johnny Dark have a great holiday. And a wonderful show for a change. And loving kisses to you too. And kiss this. And don't forget to tell again. I'm sorry my dog hates you, but he's not into the pirates. And did we cover all the bases today? I think we did it. Don't forget now. Live from the youth fair. It's the Tater show without Dick. And then we got to Joseph Gackie and Sunnyhurst on Sports Talk in 605. And then a show that a lot of people around town, especially the sports guys from the other TV stations, have a waiting for a bunch of capital like it too. And had Moynihan, a love it. Larry Hall, Mr. former heavyweight boxing champion of the world ladies and gentlemen, uses Hank Goldberg as a human punching bag from 8 to 11 tonight exclusively. On your Sports, obnoxious and intensive station, 610 Wiod and Andy before you go to the Sator, wipe off your shoes, please.