2DWI-D presents the Neo Rogers Show. The current legend talk with Neo Dio 751 WI-D from day. In Broward, it's 5-2-4 WI-OD. Outside the Real 5-8-2-D, so free, 1-800-94-4 WI-OD. And Bell's Out-Mobility Testiers make a free call by Diley Star-I-OD. The opinion expressed by the guest hosts their golfers and not necessarily those with the station. Now, here's Neo Rogers on News. 6-2 WI-OD. Bell's Out-Mobility Testiers make a free call by Diley Star-I-OD. Election comes at the Manor of Run. It's the May 16th, no! Election comes at the Manor of Run. To give you the Manor of Run, to give you the Manor of Run. And they got a show, is the Pancho Luzan. Election comes at the Manor of Run. If you made a fix, they looked up my such a strategy. Election comes at the Manor of Run. There we are, Mary-O, to election comes at the Manor of Run. There we are, to election comes at the Manor of Run. Provincable and unmanned business and a sub-bomb. Maybe you come and then demand you go to run We got nobody's a conduz but chopper Maybe you come and then they got no one You cheat my cards, they send us a lesson Maybe you come and then they got no guy Do you die, you die, you're not deserve into work Maybe you come and then they get a grand cry Maybe you'll be my real selection Come and then demand you go to run Maybe you'll be real selection Come and then demand you go to run I'll have you Thanksgiving and all of the good stuff that we suppose to say While you're out there filling your fat faces And we're sitting here working, what are we doing here today? Excellent question However, today's today everybody get their tapes out Get your cassettes out, we'll play in the rack We'll play in a crepitation contest We'll play in eight thousand things that you haven't heard of a long time And some of you heard too much By the way, special happy Thanksgiving to Donnie Harmon over at Human Hospital, maybe or maybe at home by now we hope Bad spill and a pompaddle park last night And looked a lot worse than I was saying goodness So he's gonna be just fine, but anyway We still suck Oh By the way, not so far away we'll get to you when we're good in writing I'm happy to have you And no I did not see People that watch us We're in a separate room They're green blue and blue We're not giving Some tears we live We're not so far away Not much to look at But anyway, we can't get there To see you tomorrow We're down, far away we'll get to you It's now we're in a separate room But Rob is rolling I feel good, I feel good He's got a really big shower trough There's a greener building house He's got a really big shower trough A fishing for the house He's got a really big shower trough I'm so happy to have you And no He's got a really big shower trough He's got a really big shower trough He's got a really big shower trough I'm 17, I said you are a dude, but not sliding ladies on the phone. Happy turkey to you too. No, not sliding today. Oh really? Boy, am I glad I... Please don't pay the effort. No, for damn it, just wasn't my style. So, we're gonna work in next and here's your manager in this whole office building. Just a few days, I guess. Payable, a little minimum wage. Okay, there's a big cheese now. Good, how you doing tonight? I do, yeah, that's a pretty tough night. Yeah, nice. Nice. You're gonna watch it and watch the game tonight. Yeah, I'm at a cross-to-street, free pizza, beer night up there. I'm healthy tough day, but I just don't watch the game as a fellow's over the bar. Oh yeah, I'm just gonna listen to it and I'm just over radio here and tennis, and shake him. I'm at a big three-kilotevier over there. It's a best picture of it. Yeah, big green color, great picture. I heard it, it's a rancher like the beef. And you know, I got all my work done. Really, you're busy all done? Yeah, I'm busy. You should put it in maybe I can. Well, I'll say what? Maybe I can. I got my BMW and the garage. I got a lot of food, big radio in there. I can pick up the food. You can drive me anything. No, no, no. Say, well, I'll give my car keys. Why don't you clean up my car? I got a wicked rear in the back seat. Yeah, I've got this in the back seat. I've got this in the back seat. Clean up with the harmonized. I'll be back about two hours and I'll make your free pizza. Okay, dad. Well, that was a thank you lot. Here are my keys. I'll be back about two hours. Yeah, I do. What? You're going to bring, well, you, I'm grateful. You asked for said you were a worthless. I said, well, you can't be my son. Nobody's that ungrateful. You've, well, you've. I'll take your, you stay in BMW and run that mother. I'll try to do that. Then we're with nothing. I'm a little more expensive. That's a good story. I'm really familiar. Couldn't face this. I've run to you by the National Curseing Foundation. And remember our mother. Go. Go. That's right. That's right. He's a happy turkey to you. Should we do one of these like intermittently every non-empty? Just to make it look like we're taking calls to the founders. Smoking, man. They are smoking the turkey and smoking the phone lines. They're not going to be on here anyway. W-I-O-D. Hey, just your Roger? Yes, man. Sir. Who is this? Mr. the kid. I was looking to hear a show all the time. What's your name? Michael. Michael. Yes, sir. She had told it was a serious old young. It's hard to tell Michael. I don't like to call a person of these bags. Yes, sir. My brother Lance. Yes. Can I request? I request something. Yes, Michael. Um. Bottle, bottles and rich in. Bottles and rich in heat and scores. Okay, Michael. Okay. But you have a little bit of a great holiday. Bye. Bye. What's the holiday we don't want to eat? Let's take strebö .. The boy then loved him, pulled the white hide coming. And Robert, how about Sharon some of Made Mary and Boote with my father? I think he will win the day out. I'm good. You home, let's fight. Yeah, I'm hanging here for a couple of days. God of life, and not a hamcastle. Now, this is the deal with going down. Where do you want to go? Where do you think you've got to live, that you're my child? I told what born in the 50s, about the family so wide. The reason I'm left forever, for you can watch the show every night, leave it to be the rest. And the morning, be the everyday of the week. Be the day, keep on making me a little rather than you. Lord, God, God for living, but you will serve every day. When they want to make a hope, they get to get in the way they're to be the rest. And the bad news, be the all-through to play. Be the day, God's nothing to be the day we're in your faith. Now, we can't stand any half-go. He'd always fell in the line. When he entered the kitchen, he'd go to the creaver. To let the baby be the rest. On the table, be the only way to death. Be the day, keep on making me a little rather than you. Be the day, keep on making me a little rather than you. Be the all-through to the night, let's you to be the rest. Hello, I'm Frank Bartos and this is my partner, James Brown. As the weather starts getting too hot, we hope you will reach for one of these new Bartos and James Brown wine cooler. They come in three funky flavors, gravity great, primal fashion fruit, and my personal favorite papaya. It'll get you all faster than a big city lawyer. And a single factor, six to ten, just like James. He'll bottle them, James Brown wine, coolers, mate in the cooler. Now the harm bars everywhere. Thank you, the good for it. 1036 in W.I. today, you go Michael, have a great Thanksgiving. Don't ever do that again. Now those of you who are always bugging us for that crepitation contest, I'm playing at this hour. It's about 1040 something in just a few minutes. So get your cassettes out and don't just drive me nuts when these people send me cassettes in the mail. All could you please stop there, so you can please stop that like I got nothing else to do. Exactly. You're number one, that's what George said. So this. Dubbed is right. You got some hutspa. But yeah, I'm who I'm who we had somebody here like full time just to be dumb and stuff. If the audience would that be great, just a dover. Maybe somebody likes to come here and be the dover. But anyway, we just don't have the ability to do that. So you should be taping today like crazy because we're playing just tons of stuff today. In lieu of sitting here and trying to do a real show on Thanksgiving day. We want you to sit back and have a few appetizers now. And just stuff and cram all that crap down your throat until you're peep all over the place. And then you start all over again. Like the Romans used to do. Just get a bucket and have about six seven fittings today. Which is already got too lined up, but I'm sure that toward the end of the day, I'll probably find a third at least at the very least knowing him. So when you got a cavity, that big detail. That's what that dentist said. Anyway, it's 23 till 11 at WIOD and that enough we should do one of these in honor. WIOD. Um, yeah, do you know where's Neil? Do I know what? Yeah, I think I just like. Yeah, I thought Neil Rogers says. Who's this? Because I'm your Rogers. Who's this? It's an ad. Ad. There for my own. Oh, how you doing, Ed? Great. Oh, Neil. Oh, here's some color. That's great, Ed. Sounds like you have a little holiday party there, Ed. Great. What's happening? We're doing it. Why didn't you work on things? Because you're a bunch of assholes, Ed. Is that a good answer for you? I know. They are. A bunch of hot lists of just six slime balls. Hey, the time for the live evolution. Yeah. Do you take over the government? All right. Give back to people. Okay. You go first, Ed. We'll follow you. Have a great day. Okay. I think you're already in the bag. It ends house. Why they're doing it? Supposed to put the turkey in the bag. Okay. And stick that baby in the oven. And maybe the turkey, too. We better do this stuff. Because we got to get away ahead of ourselves. Because the worst thing that could happen is for us to run over into the impolty 11 o'clock news. What is this crap that ESPN has got? This is an old lot. I look at it and it's like off speed and everything. What is this? Well, these must be old goofball stuff. Anyway, well, we ought to turn the audio up and just put it on the ear. I can't believe that they're going to play tapes between four and six. Are they actually going to stay here while that's going on and do their spots and stuff? Or they just take it off. During this break, check the log. George, between four and six, I would be surprised that they like take the spots. Like a mini vacation. Huh? Between four and six. So there's some live ones on there. Between four and six, there must be. We got all those big stuff going on. We got more spots than we know what to do with. We got brands, mark, of course, this weekend. They can't leave between four and six. I think Marvin just left. Huh? They'll cut them up while screw them. 21. July, July, November, July, June, June, June. We got a great food. No. Saturday morning, going full window. Game of the TV is fully about eight. So Tom was saying, oh, when a fast fast visit benches, I'll be a rockie and bowling car. You guys, you may get into about two. You be good. You be that creature, Bob. You're making me go to the front of the road. Thank you to the boat. We're having a pool and we're helping. Today I'm the game. You're one-wacked out dude. And you're like your oil, you're it's never even grew. Ah, that's a moat. Did you say your square of friends? Oh, you mean rocky, sure. He's over there. It'll be there. He's over there. Oh, my. Okay. What are you, no, but it's a damn. That's me. Ask my auntie. Maybe a dehoo. Maybe a class. Going up next time for oils well, that end as well, for just your guest. Good boy. Hey, most what's weather for the cast. What do they do me? Oh, oh. They're rocking and bowling. That is a morning on New Galonius. You're on Kalera and Will Tommy. Lightning has almost struck twice in Lake Forest. I remember you reporting about the little foodl that we've this way through the traffic and Lake Forest. Only to be splattered by a Northwestern train. Well, similar isn't having a lot of week ago involving a squirrel. By a friend of the dialer on our way to get some lunch and Lake Forest. Last Saturday when we noticed a squirrel trying to weave its way across the traffic on Western Avenue. We went a car about 20 yards away from the squirrel and it started to make its way across the street. The squirrel was probably not as mobile as it could have been because its mouth was really stuffed with nuts from the park. Oh, luckily though the squirrel's camp were a cross traffic in my friend that I were relieved that he was safe. Suddenly two girls were on a bike ride appeared along the side of the street. They were really flying when the confused squirrel jumped into their path. The squirrel tried to avoid the squirrel, but he somehow hit the back tire of a bike and got caught up for this boat. Oh, damn. For a squirrel went around in the wheel several times before he got free and was on the grass to realize that day's squirrel got to his feet and staggered away apparently. Oh, good. The girl who was riding the bike was a little upset, but I'm sure not as much as the squirrel. Luckily he didn't lose his life, but he might have lost his meal. No. That's right. Let me 28. At Wild, what a great day. Just sit back play the car, play the raccoor, come over to South total 37,456 dollars. And our goal is to get up over 40 by the end of this weekend and then we'll really be on a good start. No, no luck, Judge. Lost your touch. Well, what can I say? Touch this. Let's just take one or two of these because everyone is saying, oh, geez. Oh, man. Look at that mess. I don't want you to feel bad, sir, but you're personally responsible for what just happened. Take it out, my fucking fancy. There are got to first cast your eyes, it's just a pity. Now for the world, hey, I'm finding it a part of what's new to you, I'm calling it a world. I'm feeling like an act that's moving out real. Oh, those, those. You are far more than half a heart. You're not feeling free. So we are here with you. Who's the same to you? How do you get it far too? If the prince and the ghost wait for it for, down in the jungle room, we're falling in the desert. You feel it far too far too far too far too far too far too far too far too far too far too far. If you ask me to ask me, oh, we're falling in the desert. It's almost impossible. Why is this ever so? You're not gonna stop me, sir. You're not gonna stop me, sir. As rock on you, you lay there. The gathers of a first time come far in the desert, far too far too far too far. You're not gonna stop me, sir. Okay, I'm 34 now. Are you going to do it for you, sir? That was great. I didn't like that for quick service, huh? All right. Even a fast food joint, something for service like that. We even played the right cards. They don't matter if you've got it. Have a great day. Hey, can I tell my brother my cousin was done in the third couple of these fairs? Yes, sir. Are we second that emotion? Okay. See ya. Fine. You're the governor of Big Kiss, right on his approach. He don't forget Brands Mart, USA just opened yesterday, as a matter of fact, that brand. All right, this is she Gordon Lydia, and they don't come anywhere, spend meal Rogers. That chicken farmer went out when ducking windy day. I think through the rest of that view and along his room. I went to the right women in the eyes of what this I did ready. Go chicken's in the sky. Come on. Come on. Come on. I'm right. Have a good weekend, and time is 24. Working for the crown for 30 years or more. The scourier of a chicken is sending him to fry. Now they want to be damned. Go chicken's in the sky. Hey, everybody. Go chicken's in the sky. Go chicken's in the sky. Go chicken's in the sky. The piece of black and shiny, as a burning ray, they had no need of feather, a piece of skin, what's a dead, a basic to pummer, any die by the claw. They cooked the next piece. Me. I need a mucosa. Go chicken's in the sky. Go chicken's in the sky. Go chicken's in the sky. Go chicken's in the sky. Look for a fragrance that is our only unique sense. You know, I know. I don't design a shuffling. And I have a new fragrance. So, for a while, we need to crack a clear analysis. It's sad. Go chicken's in the sky. Yes. Out of the imagination. The silence, the daily sin, the times I cried alone, into a quiet place for you. And you will own a happy summer. It's our only true with your own smell, just on the day that's all pium, as little as ocean, open the sky. The aroma that says, anyone who doesn't ask, cool, beautiful, just look for the bottle, simple and a singer, and give it a pour. Yes, she who's smart, does it for her, with ingress, her, she is for her, ultra-phromar, and for the abdoman, win-breakers, where it is, and where it is. It's good to meet her now, to meet her. I can't do something, you're not as good to me. It's good to hear, and be the kind of feeling I like. Yes. But we are in the future, so now, if it's so cold, I... You're right. We are so cold, we are so cold, but we are so cold, we are so warm, we are so warm, we are so warm, we are so warm, we are so warm, we are so warm, we are so warm, we are so warm, we are so warm, we are so warm, we are so warm, we are so warm, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, You're the only one who can't be You have no It's very a fool of my way back home In a guy who ain't just so nice Why am I in your job? I'm in your job I'm in your job I'm in your job But here's how you buy I'm going to you You want my quick dinner You don't get me bab happy Must I just help you If you're somewhere else Then you don't love me A ke they never died Aw, the girl still lives Well then no one's wrong I'm waiting for that Where they bake hand is lame It's a form of mama Let's cheers The Secondulle You The Continuous Inteven And body want and our money women. And who did it? I don't know that, he's our end to the class next. The first thing they can do to walk in and it comes out. No way, Bill. That's why he can't do it. And who are you? The powerful. They like his women. They can't do anything. They can't be in. They'll enter the extra adventure. There are two of the next. We're going to do a... Excellent. I'm going to assume to be a new. Over to the next. Or a fair. Excellent. During the last two miles of jump and jump on the same thing, Sam and Sam had some problems. Stop it. This wouldn't have happened to Sam and his leg. He's so hot. I'll wear a tanger. No. A few other tanger. Just as the gauves were near the goal line. Sam pulled it back and made the smaller tanger. And pulled the shoulder with a note of I came plenty of time and made that confident. So she needs to. Go to the help me. Help me. I'm having ball pain. All that family is a total of half a dime away. They can't even mock it. With a shoulder with a major hit. I dropped the ball. And I can't pick it up. This won't happen. I can't. Oops. This is Joe Willie Namett and this is the IOD. The music giant from Miami. Oh, just for the Washington Bay. I'm 15. I'm 30. I was in. I was in. I was in. But I'm not. I'm a fair on the Bay. You're quite impatient. You're in. You're in. I'm just. I'm just. I'm just. I'm just. I'm just. I'm just. I'm just. I'm just. I'm just. I'm just. I'm just. I'm just. I'm just. I'm, Staring some Feel the Sound of dale echoing sound. The Sound of dale echoing sound. Nothing else. Nothing else. Nothing else. Nothing else. All stuff. Everything has everything It's all stuff.察 series. Let's. Little applause. Nothing else. I'm just. Let's be some In Striking with Thunder Daddy-Facitan Twin don't quail round I'm aware and there we can And I'm looking for the strategy Everybodyicki That is the only moment now The formation of the night, the cover of the night, the world is in the air The cover of the night, the star of my evening shopping, the night, the star of my night The day we die, the star of my night Hey, it's me, the B.E. guy, all that's meant to be a service station Get a free, mind-eaten dolphin, say a meet-in-the-pumbler With each fill-up he goes Get the whole set of four A free The semi-smith-summers said, available to fill-up only A B.E. in tonight's day look And a selectable station, semi-smith-in-sum, will deliver you glass to you Here, tonight, will hold on to you, or today You can Come on, this summer, through the John C. and Sibon Rido Go I can't believe these people today, would it be nice to work with you today? I guess I can take the basement, it must be long on the bottom of the house I like that, I like that effect And look at that, it won't come out Man, okay, I can't believe these people today, wouldn't it be nice to work like this everyday? But these people work and they go to school and have a life allegedly everyday, right? Sure Howard, hello Yeah, I'd like to start tonight's place Speaking, sir Are you done, Neil? Pretty damn good Happy Thanksgiving And the same to you Ah, yeah, I'd like to call a couple of my friends, douchebags Okay, sure, I'm a solid eyewiner All right, yeah, I'd like to say to Bill and Bob, over Bill's house You both are a bunch of douchebags Okay, love you, show Neil Do we find any for you? Um, the 52 for me and friends Okay, I just take this one, I'm picking the other one Okay, have a great day, you too Take a look at that Okay, wow, I like that kind of guy, hey pick anything you want Oh, look at that But if you say that for dessert Okay, let's just try a daydk County, hello Hello Yes sir, are you doing Neil? Pretty good Neil Yes, you almost called me to blow off the road yesterday And why is that? You were playing these piece from, uh, Oh, no, I didn't know that Well, I'll call her play that somebody did that on the phone Somebody called in and played it Oh, yeah, I almost drove off the road It was great, was that is a great, it's more we have everything Here's a man who really knows what it's all about I'm a baby something, that more we've been doing Yes, the best I'm a little more sensational Is better than any of them I'm a more we are with them Right I want to do a play something for me Can you do it? Sure How about the American right? So what? The American, I think it's a Vatican drag But I know, it's a different Okay, listen, have a great holiday Oh, yeah, you do one doctor that guy with a white dress man Oh, yeah A sealer And thank you, back at you That was my wife Well, give her a big hug for us Oh, well See you Bye bye Okay, wow So that is a good rag, oh, she's we don't want to get to the arts vision But she said, I'm Thanksgiving She's probably kind of busy over there today anyway But Where is it? Oh Okay, well, I'll start that next hour Yes, but please tell me alone I can't thank, giving us this be thankful That maybe Higgs and his going to play Is going to start on Sunday Let me mention again is a little Intentional and tomorrow I'm giving away those dolphin tantevatic It's my own personal 50 hour line The best seats in the house There we are, great seats Right on the 50 you could go If you've said it to chalk on a 50 Right up your pupic That's right, we'll go right up to the middle of your fan bodies So tomorrow we'll figure out a clever way to do it You come over here and pick them up to just have a great day And in fact, rich and I'll be at highly I just just with buckets full of money all around this It's going to be great Okay, Elaine one more news, Kasta Is this it? It's a deal Well, I hope you have a wonderful day today Thank you And I hope that you're a geriatric boyfriend Is able to, well, just pull I wish full real tight day To get your wish You know, right? Kind of doubt it Okay, we'll come back in 205 Rick and Sads They're going to be here allegedly From two until whatever they get sick and tired Throw some tapes on Jeff can't see the fort for his knees on sports sock and ankle Bergel von Phones eight to eleven tonight This is a new dog radio six-day W-I-O-D For a new gen down on your knee There's a little with your other knee From now you're head with a face effect And you're flexing, flexing, flexing So whatever step you want it you have clear them with the Montes Everybody say Monterey is all due to the whining of the night Jeff can line in that professional set in shoes That's more professional than what God who's got religion I'll say you if you're a sin the original If it's a quietest paper And you're the way for a pair of balls They say you're fine for friends of fashion I guess I'll find you need I always are all free I'll hear you say you're a fan And take a picture with you I'll say you're a fan You're a friend of mine You're a blind man When in wrong-do like a ramen I'll be Maria Keep the beard Can't make a fire I'll make a do it I'll make a fire I'll make a do it I'll make a do it I'll make a do it You Issued Wow, here we are all Second Animals. Pablo 9 is at NYU. 90. Hey, I'm not yummy. Just fill it by blank. Imagine how it's going to sound next year. 1990, too. Or have Alex, fill in the little sound there. Maybe Alex will drop a little sound between now and then, huh? There we go. Hey y'all, my name is France. You Dean Thomas, President Bush and nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know, there's not some people that dare to say just I smoke a little marijuana when I think of it. Yeah, they were never, but I'm enjoying. They're maybe a singer, a singer, a neuropebio. They don't think I'm fit to be honest with the Supreme Court. Yeah, I got a mug. Let's do this quick and get out of here. I want to get out straight. When I'm talking to you in the law, I don't just review the law. There we go. I mean, don't get into the, and I don't get to the E. And I don't get to the E. And I don't get to the E. And I don't get why I look up standard. They'll kind of mess. I'll be joking. That's so very well, y'all. I'm keeping me happy. I'm proud of the power of the power of the power. It's a tough story, yeah. I'm proud of the power, yeah. I'm proud of the power, yeah. I'm proud of the power, yeah. And I am the feeling that I am fine. When the Lord gets so low, there's he's a good thought back. He's a fighter, a jumper, he's never shot. He's a fighter. He's the only fighter, he's the one who's in such a joy. That was a tough story, yeah. He's in the land, that was a tough story. He's a fighter, a jumper, a jumper. He's a super-escent, that was a tough story. That was a tough story, yeah. I'm proud of the power, yeah. I'm proud of the power, yeah. That was a tough story, I'm proud of the power, yeah. I'm proud of the power, yeah. You could have had a two in one look. So, if you truly want to be like me, then I'll be like you, I won't suffer, you can be like me. So if you have accomplished, if you'd have stepped on, you can tie him up and never hold the cons, and never hold the cons. God, God, God! Who are these old agendas yet you know it too? I'll spend these malagendas just if they're far from you, I'll hold me, touch me, you and me, But me, I need my share of love, just a time today I'll love you every day, just if it'll stay out of line I think this is my best I can't hide my behind, oh holy, just me, you and me, But me, I need my share of love, just a time today I'll take my time today, just a low-mo average, I'll take my time today It just didn't stop you, they're my sail, oh I need your love, just why it's so important for you I hope you and me, my love, just my whole day, just a time today, oh holy, just me, you and me, But me, I need my share of love, just a time today, just a time today I think this is my only hope to, a time today, just if it'll stay out of line I'll love you every day, just if it'll stay out of line I'll take my time today, just a time today, just a time today, just a time today, just a time today I'll take my time today, just a time today, just a time today, just a time today I think this is my only hope to, a time today, just a time today, just a time today I think this is my only hope to, a time today, just a time today, just a time today I'll love, I'm not too jack-a-bar-t-a, hey it always nothing quite like it Even how the fireplace listening to your favorite music and keeping rhythms of this city I'll tell you that more of this feeling and a whole lot of memory and of course my rendits in the feelings You guys know more of this, if I don't tell you I'm not too well, order now or if I have a movie for you The latest dopeies in the Dead Kennedy, so I have a subscription to Life magazine And a little doctor to Barclay and vomit bombing, yeah, you think it will be fine And you will be with four mouth-a-high So, if you want to be delighted to find a job by this album, that doctor to Barclay is broken to the oldies Or to now, you won't regret it, and not prolong it anyway We are young, we are born, we are young, and we are young And we will set up a man's life to be found And then I will tell you that this is what I am for my death And if I'm not even so good, I'll tell my story But I'll tell you that I'm not right to I'll let you be up and through can be found We are young, we are born, we are young, and we will set up a man's life to be found I am sick and tired of this commercial with the lady congenesis My son told me about preparation aids for my hemorrhodial symptoms Now why should I mention him? Well, because he's also a doctor I'm down Even if I was, I don't think I want to be a glamouring my mother's lawyer I don't need the money that bad man I get fed every kid and that's who the dream comes to Because I've met him a month, let's do what you call it Now if you are a scuba, I can tell by looking at you, you do If you know if that commercial should say you want people to believe it Just say my son told me about preparation aids for my hemorrhodial symptoms Now why should I mention him? Or because he drives a truck And he gets piles hanging out of him like a trumper Great Got a letter from Bob and Rosak For the moment he's met, and he's coming back This subject up from the Federalist press But I got the affair to get out of his nose Everybody got a packaging I'm gonna send it on a pack machine Just this stuff I can't even work like a dream Everybody got a pack pack packaging Oh You make a pack of honey out your pack And you put your fucking signature Back to the channel of the court I don't know when I'm gonna go to the end of the house Living in tropical South Florida, I often don't listen to the weather forecast I think it's more existential to experience the weather as it comes I keep an umbrella in the car along with a sweater so I'm always ready I want something severe happens like a lightning storm or hurricane I know it's late for season, but if I look skyward and see dark clouds I tune in the 610 WIOD Weather Center Bob Soper and Tom Burst of meteorologists They forecast the weather daily on 610 WIOD Our news traffic and weather station I don't know anything I don't know anything I don't know anything I don't know anything I don't know anything I'm looking for the new launcher itself I think the line is taking a page out of the dolphin song Book first and go on the one foot line And Barry Sanders takes it in to get a holding penalty And now it's second and gold just outside the 10 Brodo Okay, she asked for it, she's gonna get it and I've got news for you This is it Get that cassette tape going now No more excuses, no more nonsense Because if I had to play this again, I'm just gonna blow my brains out Okay, you got a roll and are you ready? Good How do you ladies and gentlemen? Is our privilege to bring you this time And I wouldn't repeat it for the first international preparation content We are speaking to you from the room side of the great maple leaf water tower And we should factor the water after those spectators, eager and curious So that's it for the final lesson, if you're not acquainted with the fact we're making to this event It might be worth to describe the two contestants Lord when you see it from Wopping Frog hole And David Shiris recall the championship of the champagne fire The challenger is probably human, he's on the Vostralia Who I understand worked his way to count in the crew of an ocean freighter carrying a lot of Melbourne cabbage upon which So he stated boomer trains exclusively I've seen how it's a bit of a hurry around Lord when it's present And yet here it comes Lord when it's clear I see I see how you get it because of the mic of all the safety words Joe, so if you get it, get it, Lord just come over here for a minute Let's come into the radio I'll be there again, thank you Well, my Lord when it's clear it's easy to be good for a tea Smiling and chatting Going about him in the beautiful silk that we've got on of Perfect purple and velvet one, which is work I imagine to be the cold of arms of the house of wind is clear It's a beautiful thing Good bye Joe And just a minute later in Jackson I think we're going to have his Lord chip and self comes with microphone So if you were to write over here please write over here Yes, yes, yes, what clear is right in the microphone the champion himself Lord when it's clear, are you on it? How did you come to take an interest in this on you, Joe? Well, I suppose you could say it all Starved over lady, when this is fair fan I see yes, I noticed she was constantly waving this fan in front of the day So I also still I didn't use she did it So she resolved it the device is still on constantly preparing She had to fan away in pure self defense So they'd been with wrong into the couple of years And persuaded me to capitalize on my provisions He and all over all the goings were to all that That's all Thank you very much, your majesty, thank you and good luck to you That is Lord when it's clear a champion kebab here Oh, here's a standard if Paul boomer from our player call over here Free pass Mr. boomer to come over here free the radio we want to see them radio The film ladies and gentlemen, I think we have Paul boomer for you right away Yeah, she really comes is a tenor who just pointed out and had a ball how He just weighs the tenor's reading and that's walking over the microphone And he ladies and gentlemen, there's Mr. Paul boomer Will you take a load of audience Mr. Boomer? Hello, Canada Now come he said when did you first realize that you were proficient enough to take a shot at the entire championship? Well, everything's alright with a little nipper all I can talk I remember you said make the mother and father off their bleating edge off When I used to like when going church during the announcement of the ladies I excuse me Mr. Boomer, on the radio we call it We call it a crepitating Now I can't cover When I always say this a fox a fox When you're right up on one cheek and sneak Or when you give it a full blast I guide you Very well Well, as long as the TV goes in the abjection episode I personally find he fall at a word much easier today And more the trip is in the longer and more academic and caparian Thank you When I like the day so and there's a bell thank you Mr. Boomer and good luck Paul Boomer, hurry up to the center of the arena to meet the champion and to receive instructions Now the house right to Jimmy and the great brother five-pound electric ride Cat-k-down under the center of the greater arena where ten in simple eloquent the carving pose The carving pose stays about four feet high and the decorated with red white and blue bunting up to about nine inches in the top The bare top section is won't smooth by the drip of many hands in previous content Now it appears that Paul Boomer is to be the first at the post And that I believe is stuck in the way for the challenge to make the third seventh Yes, Paul Boomer takes off his dressing gown and tries to the potting pose She lifted firmly around the top and collected his knees He's taking off the command. He's not yet been given so we made you in that lead judge of preliminary I mean I have time to describe him to Boomer up. He's tripped from the waist up and wears a tight fitting trunk The power blue trim with car. These trunk system was rolled one by vectors with one important difference You know, we're the whole about six inches in the dark in diameter Move and you see this of course is being done for our beef reasons This symmetrical figure is called the phonetic debris literally translated meaning the Zepper window Mr. Boomer's phonetic to beat has the scholars from around its perimeter Getting a very provocative air to this kneel or fairly in back time There goes the signal command. He might have very low microponor a blad is on the meaty boat a brown cizach pgo the traditional woodwind instrument It's associated with this sport for tension And now a hikes fall on the back the back so long as Boomer works slowly and everybody to the far in post He's including confidence that he gives one last ball and encompassing green to the ten-saudience As he grips the far in post between a pair of hands that look a jolly could sprint at the post Now he's like this is me Much in the man over boxer I think he becomes in trading on the very top of the far in post You can hear a thing drop and here it comes Oh, beauty of beauty I think it would have triple flood of glass Yes, that's what the judge signals a triple flood of glass that gives him 25 points right off the bed And another another the same and another 25 points That's followed by one followed by one No, two I beg your pardon three fuzzy thoughts in rapid depression It's amazing how this man can change patients style of often by a flight simple shifting with a butter carrier It's too different the post in complete concentration boomer now has a score of 65 those last three fuzzy thoughts is five point to be adding 15 with previous score And now is something I'm hungry I'm hungry What's that? I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen that was a follow up group for a follow up group for the second time in a history of this sport That a follow up group has been achieved in open competition The only other time I believe was during the world series held in Europe in 1783 During the court of this series friends who are poor the famous French father at the leaving Follow up group a defeated sentiment wins his college opponent by only one blue and then drop dead As you know since 10 and under of Machinu who the blue has been dropped the moment competition and now the score is 100 and try for a boomer A group of court counts 10 points for the follow up group that a very discriminative gives a 40 points Well, it certainly has been a world in fashion I think the four boomers about played out or blown out of the team What am I saying? I'm fuzzy but another that gives him 10 more points and he's not too yet apparently right a minute Hey cover a three or whole little three will it only two points and very dangerous and another and another three Well, not bad Well, he said he's putting up a fighting finish for three very hazardous Very hazardous part because of the danger all crushing but giving him pain but giving him 8 very valuable points And then he goes up his hand he throws up his hand to the signal that he's free and the crowd gives him a tremendous operation He's sitting down talking a little tail or a little want perhaps but smiling smiling happily at the crowd This man has a definite charm about him that is indeed him to all except the most rabbit win just me a fan And this is our wedding minute Oh Boomer One and twenty three He hit that all the rest 120 points a world record in the Lord when it clear three this world mark of one hundred and ninety five four points All boomer this moment is a world champion but how long we don't know because Lord when it's been my take it right back again And his lord should now walking up to the post apparently not in the least is concerned by the brilliant performance of the calendar He's out for this a little different from Paul boomer. He has purple tight Blank tight and around the connects the breeze you remember the whole cut out from the center of the team around it There's a fringe of little gold castles about four inches long If no doubt is some decoration affected by that just a moment He's the time for the dispute here for boomer seconds are on that beaten seem to be arguing with the judges and Pointing to the fringe on their champion's first area. Oh, I see as you pull boomers play me that the fringe might add a whittle or some of the sound to Lord when this may happen so increase their value and after all and the code three four contacts like this every little planet must be dealt with Watch the judge of the period being the full boomer and they'd like to come into remove the fringe He doesn't like the decision very much and the crowd is getting Like loud getting resentful a thing he should be a better thought about it and I agree with him always into decided that he's got to give in and he rips off the fringe and fling it to the ground Then he walks over to where boomer is sitting because his back Put his hands on his head and oh, oh, he leaves a free fright in four boomers play the crowd get a kick out of it You know our three for the very close car only two point but the flow on away just an initiative defined Demonstrates the spirit of that in recklessness, which is made the Englishman the champion that he is He's smiling his name for anows return to the center of the arena in order to the judge to show he's ready and he'll all watch this He's not going to use the farthing post Lord when it's me with champion and a file gesture contempt scones the use of the farthing post Well, let's be developing it a little bit of a good contest He had his hands on his hips He depart Me Right away, Ben's and A pistol at his first attempt is at another one two and a row and another one a third Recipes in a row are tremendous at a sixty point in his first thirty seconds Ready set And one two five four four for the four Fragrant budget in rapid discussion It's a pleasure to see the even comfort with which his lord just leaves his father perfect technique And now his score is eighty point eighty point in the first thirty seconds of the post Are getting ready again and on hips a little bit red in the face And strange to hope Something there, wait a minute something drawn Is the time is running to him is in some kind of this way I think yet the judge is signal it was a plotter or hard rock your lordship's a hard luck The champion left the very bad plotter and will be penalized fifteen points That's what's in back to sixty five point sixty nine shots are the one hundred twenty four He needs to retain his championship He's all set again and seems to be straining a little more caught just three and here A Fundus break all beautiful thick win breaking virtue of the emotion difficult A most typical part of a form without plotting this man has one of the controls And the crowd are really warming up to him that last that that fundus break count thirty points And it takes the lord win this meet up to ninety five points He's getting very tense now and here it is here the next one A club low a club low ten points A round by a resounding single front of the black I think that is wait a year for judges Per claim that we are single front of black I love me a lovely change of state there And now the excitement is going on there both as a champion Take the step away from the post and his score is one hundred and twenty just three points Short of the poll woman not just three points. You're if you get one one more fuzzy or two small pre to all over the The shouting and the challenges will have to return to wash various with his chat at all times and get everyone hot A full boomer is really a great guy, but the win just missed steps up to the post again It looks very confident as he gets ready for the killing and here it comes at a three a three that's two more points A little small three was all it was two points and now it's practically over just one more of those little three So little two point three from the contest will be over seems as though his law chip was deliberately Swamending boomer by garying, but boomer smiling it's a force mobby trying how he's sitting there trying how to say it like the Grands for him that he is but you can see the feet standing ready to sweep away is dreams at almost anything And now log when the fear step forward and hello hello is going to use the firing post is fine levity He grabs the post Effective means it looks as though he's going to try for a high scoring effort for a whirlwind finish perhaps Another slip and now he's trying very hard the veins are starting out on it for it and even the Critical of perspiration went through down at temple teams ahead of the base so that this mighty last effort should have under Roger Engine now The Jackson of the Smith in the champion He can see the target is what he's going to give this final bed Let's give you audience almost who man is on it feet That list and 10 Close your eyes A look of pure ex is the honest face Oh, he's the champion is this What a fine Related in judgment that's special service feature. We have brought you direction to the inside of the Maple Leaf auditorium A blow by loaded 15 of the first separating contest held under international Autistic The board gets you face midweek Meditation usually that of the time And we are preparing The face Play you know my butt is really burning Play whichever is what it's gonna Play And that's how the video you're in Play Play God forbid if you're a treasure Play The fucker's right the mother Play Just some help you pull All suckers Play Where you can't sit on a problem To a David Bowie does try preparation eights available at the finest drug stores and drug stops nationwide Prop 58 and what is the sloppy ball game sloppy ball is like they borrowed Scott Miller and Sandy for this game everybody's fumbling it all over the place lines are hanging out of way per curious three nothing lead But you got first and go on a one foot line and go away with the field goal you go away man don't go away man just go away Anyway Chuck Meyer is here. He's not mad. He just delighted to be here with us with all his pals and pyzons and buddies Bring you that important news on Thanksgiving day. What the hospital will be doing now except eating a lot of unnecessary extra food very bad for yourself So Chuck is here with the one a clock W. I was a news and then we'll come back with our mammoth one to two hour And my take the caller to and stick another request or two or not as the case may be recon suds the mystery continues as we do our investigative report to find out will they be here all four hours Or they just a bunch of douchebags news around the planet and probably a replay of yesterday's incredible crap that they had on board And what they call it? Perkies on parade man. It's like that around here every day speaking that Jeff to force on sports talk in six or five and Hank They're gonna bring him in a wheel barrel open phones eight to eleven o'clock tonight This is out for it a news graphic and weather days in news dog radio 6th N W I O D my amy board water the ill in the Palm Beach And that's a joke Who's dog waiting? 6th N W I O D presents the Neil Rogers show the good intention talk with Neil dial seven five one W I O D from day in Broward It's five to four W I O D outside the real five air you're so free 1 800 944 W I O D and Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star I O D the opinions expressed by the guest host or callers and not necessarily those of this station Now here's Neil Rogers on news dog radio 6th W I O D I O D the only thing bigger than the one that the hour is C can't go O O D Last nineteen minute before Rosal more danes old womanjà I'll be behind We in the lá Stacked the world with my big jolly I am not alone Don't give up, I'm not only holly I am not alone And in and I can't remember I am not alone Drop your tip and move and sit before I am not alone Make the moment in the green I am not alone I dare to know that I am streaming I am not alone I am not alone Criminals being born I am not alone Some types of what we live for I am not alone 707 February, one of the swampiest games I've seen in a long time Man, it's just the battle of turnovers Let's be thinking about those great apple turnovers after the turkey Just some of the light is all that's still tree-off in the lines Anyway, it's one-to-eight written suds of the along If two men who are still in, I hope you have a wonderful face Giving a great day, etc Let's take a call from Dave County Hello What do you want to be ashamed of the weight of all this long? Hello I am going to put them on hold Because you are somebody obviously there Because these people are I've never seen anything like it See, they are ringing these phones in a just keep ringing And they are just not going to give up W-I-O-D New? Yes Hi Happy turkey Happy turkey to you too You can not believe what a miracle it is to have gotten food to you It is And today is my birthday Well, wow And I wanted to talk to you A world people Yeah Thank you Of course I have to say that a promised husband Gary My dog's sonny hurts That's not boy Gary No No My dog's sonny hurts And friends, big David, Kelly and Little Richie Turkey stuffed douchebags Great You mean that was it? Well, I wanted to hear you say happy birthday Sandy and Sunny Oils And I don't have a parrot routine I don't have a parrot routine I played a little thing and that's I wanted to know what I was saying Look at that first in ten on a 27 of the beers I'm sorry I wanted a little thing played Yes, that was very important Well, good There's nothing like a little thing I'm Thanksgiving day And everybody pulls on that wishbone Um, a skipping one I'm waiting for a major dinner at five o'clock Well, that seems to be the thing But I don't think there are a lot of people who are not skipping one Well, I could be wrong Well, Neil, last Sunday we went to that pancake house The Apple pancake is the most incredible thing I've ever had in my life Yeah But the heat and the value of it, we had one of each But the Apple pancake was even better Yeah, did you say that? That's how you say it You were telling to bring you one It's like a cake Oh, yeah, that's just when I'm five people Right, just when I'm eight I'm going at the mar and get a terrible stuck in it It really Oh, fabulous It's fabulous Oh, oh If you have it, I bet you that'll draw a large prize Yeah They are drawing crowds I'll tell you Right But if you have not had that, you have to try it Okay It's incredible We'll have a great birthday And a half a year, whatever else Thank you Enjoy your dinner Say hi to you mom I sure will Bye Bye Wow Two is off a nice, very sadder Is it that I've seen his at the first down? No, it's second and two Lions are moving big time But everybody's moving And then they fumbled a ball I came along, linebacker, slap the ball Or a hardball, sand I bet you're mad It's just forming it The mouth, look at that first and go Or the nine With various sanders again Well, we sure couldn't use a guy like Very sadder Could we only do it about 222 hours for the Lions last week