What do you want, Lam? What do you want? Go eat some of that Irish stew when you please. Have a nice life. Ten away to WIOD. That's for St. Patty's Day. There will something to get us in the spirit. What? We have some Irish Chau this morning or what? It was great, man. Wow. The fat level in here, even without me being in the room was like about 110. Speaking of fat level, look at this great car that I got if you look inside your speaker from Gordon Stevens, a little late anniversary car. Thank you, Gordon, your hell of a guy. The pigs are out in full force this morning. Manor they are. Unbelievable. I leave the house. I'm going down knob hill to 595 and they got a cute little gimmick up there this morning. We have got some old beat up crappy car in the, where the break in the median is about half a mile south of sunrise. And behind this old clunker that's sitting like sideways, we got two cops. Like they're using the car as camouflage. And two of South Florida's finest are behind a car with their radar guns sticking their beam, I guess, or sticking something up over that hood at the uncunning traffic. And I get to where the turnpike intersects at the golden blades. And we've got like a whole bunch of a man on motorcycles waiting where the traffic merges and a lot of people, I don't want to say I would ever do it. But a lot of people occasionally drift over to the right of where you're supposed to merge to get over to a 441, which some of us luckily did not do this morning. But man they're out there and heat. Luckily, George and I had clear sailing coming out here today. I stopped at the light where you turn from 79 from I-95 to 79. So you look at my rearview mirror and there's Ford Granada, the red bomb with George behind me, unbelievable. We had a race. He makes Laura look like a piker. We had a race from that point to this radio station this morning that Mary-Oin's ready would have been embarrassed by me. We were smoking in and out weaving all over the road. And every time I thought I had them left in the dust through that crazy traffic on 79's we'd all look at a rearview mirror here comes a maniac again. And finally we get to the last light, the last chance before the station here on the causeway. And I look over to the, and he's in front, he's going to be right there first at the light, not behind some erratic woman in a brand new geo. And finally I look over in the extreme right hand lane and I see it's clear as a bell and I zip over to that right hand lane and George looked at me with that, that look well, it was a nice try but I know it's over now. As I eased away from that light and left him in the dust. Boy, I was, we were never going more than 90 though, it was pretty good. Speaking of races, man, last night now I know a lot of you think it's boring but I'm going to tell you something, anybody who has ever been to pop at a park before last night we had the first route in the drivers championships. That was one of the great nights I have ever seen in my life at any track. It was tremendous. Wally had a sea in the Peter Renn and they were just in world, almost every race was almost like a mat race. I mean, at some point in every race, they were like nose to nose, head to head down the stretch, up the backside all over the place. No, not that backside. It was tremendous. And in the beginning it looked like Wally was going to make her run away of it then Peter came back strong and after four events, there were six races against each other. After four events, Wally had 113 points, Peter had 112 and a half. The half because of a dead heat, for first that he was in with the Bruce Ranger in the race before that. So it all came down to the last race, the tenth race. We all thought Peter had it locked with Red October, Walter Ross's horse. Wally was with that old armbrow, what the hell is that horse? Armbrow, douchebag, I got the program here somewhere. Armbrow, come on, where the hell is it? The main Caesar, of course. And the Peter's got to lead all the way, slows it down a little bit. The half comes around the final turn. Wally is out there in a year looking like he's got no horse and they come out of the stretch. And here comes the old horse grinding up on the outside. They come down the stretch, head and head nose to nose and Wally wins it at the wire. And when's the first round? I'm serious. It was sensational. If you missed out, you better make Wednesdays and note on your calendar the next to six weeks. It's going to be tremendous. You take credit for the idea. Okay, and spite of what Kent Williams or any other douchebag at Pompano Park says, I take full credit for the idea. Right? That's right. Hold on. You're not going anywhere. Are you? You're not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. Not sliding, ladies on. Even though the risnow, not sliding night, yesterday I asked all the ladies who were upset about the basketball to call, I guess they didn't sink it on them yet. Today, no soaps on CBS. None. NCAA CBS is carrying air-reest into one of the basketball games. Your soaps are in the toilet. No, not sliding tonight and some people are probably foaming at the mouth. I'll show that fast to fall in a little hole. I'll tell you that right now. The Spiced Apple, one of everybody's favorites, is celebrating the Fort Lauderdale locations. 11th anniversary at both locations. Fort Lauderdale and Boca. Check out their special anniversary coupon in tomorrow's Showtime section of the Sun Sentinel. There's some great prices for you to take advantage of. For the past 11 years, the Spiced Apple has been serving delicious, incredible mouthwatering gourmet country and seafood dishes, and that down-home comfortable North Carolina setting. Everything is homemade. It starts with a trip to the famous Salam, appetizer bars that enjoy terrific menu items like deep fried shrimp. The country's sampler platter. Stuffed chicken breast, country fried steak and a grilled pork chop, or the great fried catfish fillet platter. Extraordinary luncheon buffet is Monday through Friday with a big country brunch on the weekend starting at 1130 in the EAM. And this Sunday in order of St. Patrick's Day, both locations will be serving delicious, authentic corned beef and cabbage. All day on Sunday, St. Patrick's Day. It is going to leave a mark in your body. So capture that North Carolina setting right here in South Florida at the Spiced Apple restaurants. In Lauderdale, a mile west of I-95 in Griffin Road, or at 2700 North Federal Highways, just North of Glades Road in Boca. Right at the first of St. Patrick's Day at the Spiced Apple. Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? It's 1017 at W.I.O.D., the Nots Landing Lady is here. Very calm, coolant collected, not going to get hysterical because she's going to miss her show tonight. I am hysterical. I don't blame you. It's terrible. I didn't realize it was going into the night, too. I wondered why there was no feed. Now you know. Oh wow. No really feed, no late feed, no show. No feed at all. That's it. I hate it. No guiding light today. Just when the show is really getting spicy and exciting, no guiding light this afternoon. No all my children. What not all my children. Young and the rest. Young and the hornies not on. Right. Oh wow. Women of America are going to be Apple, Plactic today. I'll tell you that. That's true. A little bit overdone, you know. I mean, I realize that the NCAAs are exciting, but not the first 400 games. Right. Actually you get down to the last few games, you know. Right. The playoff. Final four. Right. We'll survive it. You're seeing it, pizza locked. Yes ma'am. Two days five to late, which is very distressing because I'm supposed to go to Mommy's on Tuesday. I guess I'll have to go to Mommy's on like Monday. Right. For Mommy. Yeah. Can't do it on Wednesday because Wednesday night we have the popular championships again. I wouldn't miss that for all the tea and China. That was great last night. Yeah. It was exciting. Christmas was good. Good for you last week. Christmas list one, he's going to be in Saturday night in the ninth race. We've got some good stuff coming up. All right. Hope we get some people out there instead of all these dead. Oh, that's boring. I heard a guy call Rick and slut yesterday. I'm stuck in this horrendous traffic jam going home. It took me an hour from this radio station to get to the turnpike because the African 95 was backed up, bumper to bumper crawling and I'm listening in some couple of real morons. What my favorite call was this pinhead. Right. Pinhead closet nearly who would never admit to anybody. He listened to the show he calls in. Oh, you guys are great. I turned out to have a new idea. Two o'clock every day. Can I call Ken and Joel a couple of doos fans? And the steam was coming out of my ears. You little slime ball you're listening right now. I hope that Ken and Joe come over and beat the cramp out of you. And then the guy who's the end of the snow skiing called up. And he heard my comments yesterday about how boring that is. And nobody gives a flying leap about snow skiing, especially if they're in Florida. And he was having an irrespect down. And he used to think Neil was a good guy. And I was going to call him to give my bunch of crap every day. You are a bunch of crap. You're all I consider you is exactly exactly. Well, listen, I'm glad you're calm like I am. I'm calm. Because the two shall pass you. You're coming by pizza law. I think we're going to try to get through. Yes, of course. Of course. Bring that nerdy husband of yours too. Okay. Tom the butcher up a little bit. I'm sure he's listening and he heard. Good. Tom to get a life. Okay. Okay. See you then. Bye. Ten, I've seen a W.I.O.D. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. Also, yesterday, I'm listening to the tape, the audition tape, that guy John from Chicago. The tape was hysterical. Funny stuff. I mean, just adult, a real idiot. Like people we talked to every day. Then I'm going to the track and they're on the phone. Rick and Slutter on the phone with this guy up in Chicago. Did you hear that? And I am going to tell you. I am just that there are days you wonder what it's all about. This guy had the personality of a dead frog on the saw grass who'd been run over by a convoy of semis. I mean, he just had no, he had nothing to say, no personality. And oh, let's take some calls for John. And he had more calls. I mean, now we got a lot of calls. But there are those days, including some recently when all of us have been wondering if anybody was alive out there. John had a full board of calls. How you doing, old John? Oh, man. I just saw the stuff I hear from the pubic in this town. It just makes you wonder what they're all about. It's 20 after 10. Let's go to Miami quickly. No. Yes, sir. I hear you're some Rochester. Man. I hear you're some Rochester, New York. Yes, man. Yeah. Sir. Where did you live with there? Where did I live on a street in the house? I know that. You're right. What? In Brighton. Oh, Brighton. Yeah. I moved out from the girl Avenue. Well, that's great. I went to school on Monroe Avenue at Brighton Elementary. Brighton Elementary. Right next to Don and Bob. Isn't that exciting? Yeah. Wow. Did you ever go to the... No. The time for rest? The one? Time for rest? Time for some? I've been to some some, like you told him. I've been to the convenience store. No, I've been to the convenience store. No, never heard of it. What century was that in? Well, I've been here 24 years. Now, mine ever heard of that. Well, Monroe Avenue and where? Oh, then there was a little... There was an international theater at Monroe Avenue. From the Monroe theater? Yeah. From that dirty movie theater? Yeah. Now, that's Gitsies. Well, it is now. Well, it is now. It is now. Gitsies. They have white huts and all kinds of greasy stuff. It's great. Yeah. Well, I just had to hear you deal with the day that you were from Rochester. Yes, ma'am. Well, listen, have a great day and we'll see you at C.B. Okay, then. Thank you. Oh, ma'am. We'll see you at Carole's. 22 after 10 at WIOD. We have an open line in date 7 519463. We will have a call on the Palm Beach line when I come back or else. Okay, that's the one line that's a holdout as usual. 655, the call is free. Parlay boots keep skate. 655, WIOD. All we had another big group of people up at the Clubhouse last night sitting on their hands during the national anthem to the whole damn thing. I am getting so tired that I'm going to start making a scene up there if those people keep it up. I'm going to start going down to their tables and just beating across the face with a hose. Probably get excited by a 1022 WIOD St. Patrick's Irish Festival March 15, 16 and 17 tomorrow through Sunday at Mullins Park Cross Springs. Their university and sampled great Irish music, galeic dancing, food Irish, soft, shopping and shopping. Bagpipes, arts and crafts, Irish sports, kids, funnett or timetra fantastic carnival. Fabulous fun for the whole family featuring the patty noon and show band. Ireland's foremost tenor Frank Patterson, the multi-talented Dingo spike. comedian Des Keyho, the Black Velvet band in more amazing acts. Say patty's five mile run starts 7am Saturday at Sample and University be there to cheer or run sponsored by Budweiser, the Miami Hero Jamison's Irish whiskey, Coca-Cola and waste management that's WASTE. Mullins Park Cross Springs, their university in sampled this weekend tomorrow through Sunday, bring the whole family to love it. Clowns, face painting, magic acts, kids, contest, children's theater, we're good time for everybody. tickets at the Gate Kids Free March 15, 16 and 17 at Mullins Park in oral Springs. 1026 at Wild, do we have a little inside the building? Spirey Ford, I hear through my sources that Chuck Meyer was inside this building at 5 in the AM this morning. What the hell would Chuck Meyer be doing here at 5 in a morning? Hey, getting stoned in south Florida, just kidding. Okay, 1026 at Wild, we'll find out. Here's a payphone and Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what's up? How you doing sir? First I'm calling. Great. Hey, there's evidence to be guys for a while. I bet you turned out to radio every day at 2, right? No, me. No, I'm going to call a couple of people, but loads. No, no, no. Okay. I got a question for you. Yes, about the base foggy. Yeah. At Joe Robby? Yes, sir. Both of them. Both of them. I need to remember. I'll maybe you can have it all in my hand right now. Cool, dude. One. How much did it take? It took it's like a few bucks. 7 9 11 something like that. That's what I heard. Okay. How do I call to get a hold of this? You're in date County? Yes, sir. I know Brown. You want to try it again? I'm in Brown. Are you sure that? Fine. Okay. Here's the number. You're ready? Yes. 5 2 3. That's an incredible. I got a right in front of my face. Amazing. And the numbers, too. There. This is great. You said I was sure. Don't panic on it. He said no sure. No, sir. Don't worry. He's going. The weather is hot. He's going to miss a jeans. He's bathing suit. Well, I'm out of material, dude. Okay. Good. I want to call somebody. Okay. I follow our jokes. Okay. Back at 10 28. Wow. Yeah. No shirt. Sure. I was going to try to work that out. But I guess we would come out the same way. We have an open line in Broward 524WOD. We got tickets are available. It's Sears stores. Select. Echered stores. South Warehouse. Pure records. You can purchase tickets by phone. Which I'll give you the numbers for the games on the 30th and the 31st. We need to fill up JRS and make a good depression. Okay. For the Yankee Orioles game. Saturday night and Sunday afternoon. Also, I just want to sneak this in here. Faith Sunday. Sunday March 24th. Week from this Sunday. A date County feeding and impacting the hungry is what that stands for. And they want you to volunteer to give two hours of your time to help out. They're going to have a one day phone. A thonda raise money to pick up 30 million dollars worth. 30 million dollars worth of edible food. Free for distribution to community programs. That feed the hungry. Free here in date County. 30 million dollars worth of food is charitable. Offered by grocery stores. Another food vendors. But it's currently being discarded and destroyed because they don't have the facilities or resources to do anything about it. So if you'd like to help out to volunteer a more information call 868-9601-868-9601. And they invite you to volunteer a couple of hours of your time. Sunday March 24th between 10 and the AM and 10 PM. Okay. Very good cause. I'm 29 at WIOD. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. I got my tickets for both games. Great. You are doing it sir. I went last year, a couple games, JRS. Right. There was nobody there. Yeah. I mean, what's with these people? Well, it's a dead head town. They're more into snowsking. I guess that's the big thing here in Florida. They're all transplants, muff, north, south, men. I don't know. They got an excuse for everything, pal. Well, I'll feed them. This is boring. The bottom line is most of them are pretty boring. That's what it's all about. They need to move this stadium up your north, Broward, south Palm Beach where there's the money and not so many, Jyrillian kids. Yeah. It's in a pretty bad location. You know, right there's centrally located on the turnpike between the right in the middle of the day, Broward and Palm Beach. It's a pretty rough place. Well, it's good access. But the neighborhood's real sweet. Hey, listen. That neighborhood is great compared to what most stadiums are in. Sir, okay. That neighborhood is a palace. You're right. You're absolutely right. But if you're up here in North Broward, where there's some real women people, yeah. Yeah. It would maybe so few more. Well, they're not going to turn down the stadium and build a next door to your house to make it a little more convenient. Oh, no, it only to be there. I'm up in North Palm Beach. Okay. Well, you're a great American. We'll see you there, pal. No problem. Okay. Yeah. Wow. 1030 at WIOD. We have an open line on the starline at Star IOD. If you have Bellsoth mobility, our sisters here are loaded. And you ought to see the habit they've got. Are we getting paid today, by the way? Is everybody get paid today? This is general payday for everyone in the building. I like that. WIOD, you're just thinking about getting paid today. Anyhow. Yeah. Hey, you see that commercial for the the games coming up. If you come, they'll play. What? The, what's that guy? Jim Barry and Tim Rodney. They're doing a commercial. I haven't seen that. You mean they're running spots? I haven't seen that. If you come, go play. Well, I don't want to get in the van. Why didn't they're not playing? Yeah. Not yet. But I guess I guess you were though, huh? I've absolutely not. Okay. 1031 at WIOD. And hey, listen. I hope you had a good time. We have an open line on the starline. Star IOD. We're doing it today. I'll tell you that. We are really doing it. The match race with George though. I think up in the 79th Street was almost as good as a walley. And I'll see Peter Rennlise die. We were smoking up that street. If that isn't the worst wretched road, those of you, and that's most of you, luckily in South Florida, who never had to drive on 79th Street right here to the causeway, I would kiss the ground right now. I get a kiss the old Blarnie stone. If you never have to drive on this street, it is the worst road. It makes, how long they'll be. Full of hard look like a picnic. Look like the Autobahn. That's what a horrendous night. The people there. They're all like stone and the derelicts and nuts and nuts. And beat up old jalapies, including George's. I tell you that old Granada man, that bomber his was really moving. Oh, we have a new sheet here. Wonderful. It's getting close to the weekend. And of course, we need a lot of sheets for the weekend for our rallies down a color ridge. Thowner with fillets, Dylan Ronderick and Sudshow today. She's going to be wearing a lane at Tours nose. It's going to be great. Sports talk with Sunny Hersh. I don't want to tell you where she's going to have it. That's 605. Lisa, part trio. A trio on the Academy Awards with Hank tonight for May 2011. Okay. We are really doing it. Boy, we're just smoking. A smoke is coming out of our ears and other body parts. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And I'm paying for this one. Okay. That's why as soon as I saw it, I jumped right on it. I appreciate that. I don't know if it's time for a joke or two, but I have no. No. We don't do jokes on this show. Sir, we also don't do moon scope with that slime. And that. Okay. Never mind this. Okay. 1033 is naked that I got him on. We saved ourselves a lot of grief. He saved a lot of money. I just have a feeling it's going to be. Well, there's an opening in Broward though. 524. And I want those women to call in and sob and carry on. Historically about the NCAA basketball games on CBS. They're not slanting lady. He was right there at the start. And all you women who sit back there. They're never call because you have nothing to talk about. Who just passive. So to speak. I want you to take this opportunity. This is America. You call it an adventure, speed, adventure, anger. Or let your feelings be known because it isn't going to change a damn thing. Okay. But you'll feel a lot better about it in the end. Anyway, did I take that other copy out? Did I lose that already? Let me see. Well, I look like I lost a piece of copy here already. Is that possible? We just started the show. And I already missed place to piece of copy. But look at that. Here it is. Hey, how about watching a great ball game in the company? If you're on living room as we were just speaking of. Well, if you have sports channel, a Florida no problem. If you don't have sports channel, here's what you're missing. Like tonight at 730, Hurricanes baseball and the National Hockey League on Sports Channel. The covering all the action live and exclusive at 730, the Cains Against Penn State. And then at 1030, it's Chicago at the LA Kings. Also our friends over at Sports Channel, a Florida making great progress in getting cable companies to pick up that service. Have had you folks screaming and yelling and making those calls for about two years now. And now they've added a couple of companies to the list store cable on a candle. Hollywood cable vision is getting sports channel on there. It's incredible. So if you really want to follow the heat, the NHL, the Cains, the Gators and lots more all year long. And you're not too crazy about that curling from Canada on that other channel. Get Sports Channel of Florida. And if your cable company is an offeringsport channel for to give them a call and make sure you tell them that that Ojo on Provocator. Neil Rogers at WIOD, urged you to call and get Sports Channel of Florida now. The Cain Bay! Boy that was a great show bro. Say it man. Let me honest with you. You stink. Well, wait, wait. I've got a lot. After seven to two cities and four hours a night, Dodger tickets about time you had your service shower. Yeah. Okay. And I've got just the sunfire. No Irish Springsteen. It's the boss of the Orchard soon. Hey, baby. Strong enough for the sweat he's holding. But I like it, dude. Please, you are. I wish Springsteen. Now your won't be smelted like New Jersey and him. Okay. Well, I want to get you to move for St. Patty's day. Now, how come you got Helen from Hollywood on the bottom of the list? I'm going to be celebrating a very important birthday today. Right. Right. And Mikey. Yeah. When is your birthday? Mikey. Mikey likes it too. What is your birthday? What is it? My idea? 90. My idea next month. It's no now. Listen to me. Mark is up 20 and a half points on it. What is your up to next next? What is your up to next next? What is your birthday? Who do you think your mic? What's up tonight? Mike's not here. Mike goes off at 10 o'clock. I come on. Really? I spoke to you a little when it goes. You spoke to who? If it's going to be here. I was on the air a little while ago. Right. Oh. All right. I was on the air a little while ago. Well, I tell them that they don't do a match at tomorrow. Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? What is it? What is it? I don't know if I can make it. I don't know if I can make it. What is it? I don't know if I can make it. I don't know if I can make it. That's because I don't have you. Okay. Back at you. Back at you. I was 20 and a half to 11. Well, I told you that was important to get around real quick because you can't wait too long on some of those. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. 524. Why is it? Big up. Wiod. There we go. Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Happy birthday to you sir. What's your 90 is coming up? Wow. How are you doing Mike? I got to be careful with this because I don't want you to tell me. But I got it. You got that office. Challenge coming up. You better get in here quick sir. This isn't like I got a celly fits by report. Oh boy, it's going to be a quick call I can tell. Katie Lock. Alright, listen. Yeah, I'm going to mind is an intern at Jackson Memorial Hospital. We are going to do the story sir. If you're going to go into a big story about Sally in the hospital, we don't discuss people's internal affairs. So I guess you've heard it already. Everybody is heard that story and we all have been following it very closely. Say this through. I have a great life. 1040 at Wiods. Boy, these people in this town are so slow, slow, slow that's such old news. We have an open line in date County, 751 battery and one in Broward, 524, vibrate, 524, Wiod. Here's a payphone and tamarack. Leo, how you doing? Okay, I think. How about that Helen, huh? I'm sorry. Yeah, how about Helen. She's the best. Listen, I'm afraid that many of you are listening to the writing has tickets since I've been waiting on the phone for a long. For a pig report. And I told George, if that's too thin to put and he's a douche bag. Doesn't even say pig report, I'm looking for a thing here. What do you mean? He doesn't listen, you know how he is. Yeah, well he's paid a, he's all excited about that big check. Anyways, let's get to the meet of the call. Yeah, um, there's about six of them on 441. Broward County's finest. Just south of Hillsborough. And there's stretch down about half of my, oh, I guess. There's one thing that's pointing out. Pointing at things in every direction. Wow. They are in, I'm talking to there in heat today. I don't know what the special occasion is today. I don't know. But man from the time I left the house and they were like in camouflage behind this old beat up plucker on knob hill road with their little thing pointed over the hood. And then they were down there at the Golden Glades. I mean, just jillions of my motorcycles. There are pigs everywhere. You know, they got a support. Mr. Navarra's wardrobe don't know how to be. It must be it. Okay. An enclosing meal. Mike wait is a major do you stack? Okay. Backactually. But load 1042 at WIO do we have two overlides in Broward. 524 9463 524. Oh, it's Meg Reigns the anniversary today. Isn't it? Or some stupid thing like that? Let's say so on the sign out front. Meg Reigns, uh, what second third. And now if she calls in, do not put her on the air. I mean, I'll talk to Helen, but not Meg. 524 WIO day. I sure hope somebody today who was at POPPO last night calls in. Because that was, uh, I mean, I know a lot of you are not in nothing. We can say it's going to make you go to anything different. You're in your snow skiing and you're, uh, checking the CD right at the, uh, bank and all of that stuff. But boy, that was an exciting night last night. That was incredible. And Peter and Wala, you guys were great. tremendous. Must confess I was rooting for Peter Ren with my Michigan prejudice. But they were both great. POPPO. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. Like I said, all three lines, it's Howard. Why open now? 524 WIO day. Let's go to high earlier. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. But load. Yeah. Back at you. Hey, uh, if we can fit in 72,000 people in Yankee stadium. I think we could fit 50,000 in the neighborhood, okay? Yeah, right. That's one. I would think so. All of a sudden, but even the people who are going, they'll have to hedge their bets with another excuse. Well, it's not the best neighborhood. And it should really be up here in Palm Beach, like next door to my house. I'm so sick of these. These people most of them down here are a bunch of locals. Okay. They never have to get neighborhood right. Even even when most of these people were somewhere else, they never went anywhere. They're deadheads. They're deadheads. The people up north who go places, they're still up there. Go on places. People in Chicago who feel up really feel. They're still there, fill them up. Okay. You did. I'm doing great so far. How about you? Back then, I was watching the story channel. The one? The story channel. Yeah, what did you discover? I've seen things about that. Yeah, yeah. They don't have horses up there. They don't have a horse. They don't have a horse. They don't have a horse. They don't have a horse. Oh, yeah. You caught it. The beautiful track up there. Right. We have seen things about that. Yeah, yeah. You'd like that track. Yes, sir. Okay. Okay. I see you. 1044 Wild. We have an open line in date. See, I started getting excited a little too early this morning. 7519463 in date. And 524 happy birthday Helen and Brower. Okay, from Uncle Mike. Good old Helen. That was one of Mike's favorite faithful listeners there. Do you hear Helen? Oh, I don't like. I'm a hundred and ninety. Mike, Mike. Who am I talking to? Uh, uh, uh, uh. West Palm Beach. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm Helen. Yeah. Hey, don't. It's Mount St. Helen. This leads to a couple of things. I just first of all, you know, George got put in tight quarters. And, uh, he had to, I'm five years of pull back and start all over. You know that. Yeah, right. George held his own believe me all the way up the street. He held his own wife, which I helped my own last night because, uh, I got a speed ticket and I have a buzz buzz. They called me. Got me a radar. Why? They're just, uh, what's going on now? It's like the middle of the month. There must be something we don't know about. Uh, I'll be raising money for a big benefit for themselves or something at the end of the month, because they're just crazy now. Well, you don't want crazy yet. Did you about how they had the pig bowl on the, uh, four offices. And you didn't know everybody's up tight. Does the go pay for this, like we've got cheese. Oh, geez. You know, this morning when I passed that thing on knob hill for the first time at a long time, it made me furious. Not that. I mean, I could see it coming so I slowed down. But it's just the idea that, you know, the old adage about the policeman is your friend and he's there when you need him and all of a sudden. And here we got guys hiding behind cars and sticking at radar up their nose and everything under the sun. That's not law enforcement. It's just harassment is what it is in the public. Essentially about just sheep. We just put up with it. We just said that there should be like a revolution about this crap. I mean, if you're going six of miles an hour over the speed limit like everybody else is what they're going to do. There's a lot of differences to make especially out in the middle of nowhere. Sure. People are going 70 75 on the turnpike coming to work every morning. I don't see anybody getting your stericle about that. But if you happen to be in a wrong place at the wrong time, here's a ticket up goes your insurance. There goes your license. There goes your life down the drain. So much of crap. Absolutely. Now let's talk about jail estimate. Yes, sir. Isn't it funny when they're off the arch floor? Everybody's morning grown in fish to about how the orange bowl was dusty. Yeah. And it's still a toilet. It's the same toilet it always was. And all this crap about atmosphere. I mean, the bowries got atmosphere too, but who do I want to be? Right? Right? What was thinking closing? I thought you might like this, but you're especially talking about people at Bopro. I was there having dinner. And next to me was for a so-called ass. And they were all going over the building, but the door for four people. So they were all going and fighting over the building right there. And they were all going to be the best figure out. So who could lead the five percent chip and one was screaming out the other way. I said Jesus, who had the room for dressing, you know? I don't know, I have blue trees. Hmm. I mean, I don't know where to come from. Hmm. How did they got that special dinner? So I just stole them, I slowed up on it. Have a great life, sir. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line at Broward five, two, four, wake up and one in Palm Beach. 65, five, nine, four, six, three. It's 1047 a WIO deep. Ever since grade school, you were taught to two as greater than one. And as you got older and invested your heart earned dollars, you wanted the most return for your money. Well, today's simple arithmetic tells you that a yield of 10.04 percent is higher than seven or eight. And today, if you're not getting a 10.04 percent return on your investment, then you're failing math. Right now, get a 10.04 percent yield by investing in triple-a-rated CMOs from Curl and Securities. And investment of $37,800 will grow to over 125,000 about 10 years. Then it pays you principal and interest in come over the remaining life for the bond. Total return, 200, four grand. All for that original $37,800 investment. Perfect for IRA rollovers, key-o-contributions before April 15 or retirement plans. Pass your math course with triple-a-rated 10.04 percent CMOs. Call this toll-free number to check it out right now. 1-800, 541, 9177. Realized yields in pre-payment rates may be affected. By market conditions, with can-and-do change, both based on prepared formulas and passed performance of under-like collateral, minimum investment, 15,000 dollars. Curl and Securities in Amy can count on a name you can trust members in ASD and SIPC call now toll-free 1-800, 541, 9177. Hey kids, try to be told not to smoke. Well, now there's a new cereal just for you. Ross, we have lucky stripes. Hi, there is other day. We have to get those kids you're always after me lucky stripes. It's long time. But it long. PLT. I know, shrunken kidneys. I'll make an airplane and get away. Sorry, Sarah. This is a non-smoking flight. Oh, drag me by better run. Oh, well, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Wait, wait, wait. Why don't you cut me first? I'm a smoking. About a year. How long did he so shy? Yes, fostered lucky stripes. Every bowl contains vitamin, and 12. And inside every box, you'll find a miniature copy of a Bill of Rights. Not stuck to the document that lets us do this week. Wow! The most important lucky stripes that's practically delicious. Pretty hot, pretty hot, pretty hot, pretty hot, pretty hot, pretty hot. 117 at WIOD. Your friendly stations at the 90s were here to do it for you. That Marvin, go out to you. That call. I'm good. I'm going to remember that for a long time, Sandy. Okay. That was incredible. I'd like to have her come in and work with him for about a week. They'd be Cheby Terry's eyeballs. She'd be plucking him out like Saddam Hussein in drag. Carl Springs. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Uh, a little word to Sandy about Marvin. Yes, sir? Ask Marvin if he knows my buddy Tim the repo, man. Ha ha ha ha ha. He's so great. Just ask him. He knows Tim. He came to visit Marvin and Tim showed him your chair and everything else. And buttered him up and, you know, and promised him a check. Yeah. Okay. How to material? Okay. Right to the point I like it. We have an open line at Broward 524WIOD. Let's go to Miami. When is Star Days? How you doing, Neil? Okay. Neil, you're going to traumatize this old man to call you. I say, what do you have on a recording on that final word thing? Yeah. Yeah. I wish you could have had that star 69 from Southern Bay. You could have called them back and just totally killed them. Why? We've got it. The tape is like forever. Okay. I'm just going to the time capsule. What? That kind of piss me off. What? It old man about that bridge. The old man with his boat. Yeah. But do you know what amazes me? I bring up something like that that should get it. What is that? Why? Why? Wait a minute. George has got a cart in there. What is that cart? Oh, we got the problem? All right. Hold on a second. No, go away. Yeah. You like this. Here we go. Neil Rogers. You're lovable. You hate him. But you can't miss him. You better know your loss, Mr. Because you're so dumb. That's right. I suppose you want the damn biggest cause. I want the bridges closed period. Okay. I want them closed. I want the bridge headed to go home and watch your MTV and get the hell out of our lives. I want those bridges closed. Let them use the Julia Tuttle. Okay. Let them use the control. I think they all go out of the George Washington Bridge and jump all of the bridge tenders. How do you like that, sir? Well, I don't know about you. But you sound like some stupid idiot. Yeah. How do you like that? Love it. Don't ever lose that problem, man. I want that promo in here. I saved that. That is real right. We need to get him to call every day. We'd have a 98's here, I guarantee. We get him and John from Chicago on every day. We'd be doing it. In fact, I think the guy in Chicago is still on the John. Oh. Anyhow. I'm different. No. No. But what I started to say is what I don't understand. It must. I must be the only one in this town. You're thinking this state with all the drop bridges and Fort Latterdale and here on the causeways. You think that this would be one of the major things that gets people crazy is having to stop for some jackass boulder with all his money and his yacht. Lally gagging up the intercoast will take it. I had taken his damn sweet good time. Back it up traffic five miles. While everybody sits there polluting the year, burning gas and oil and just going nuts. And nobody gives a crap about anything here. But one thing to say about maybe they have to get through or something. That's there going on with the wind. They should be gone. The laundry. I should be gone with the wind. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's terrible. I think you only want this to be like really drawn for her. Rush hours. I'm like, let him put it neutral. Let him hang out your laundry on it. Just love to feel about. Yeah. Anyhow on a different note, uh, just want to know what the hell's going on with business. How can we retail? I think my store has this old thing all day today. Think I don't know where can I be pulling my hair's up. What do you sell? Like, animal banks? No, I pull a, I pull an old bunty. You what? Pull an old bunty? Two sales? Old bunty, marry with children? I don't watch that show. Anyhow. How bunty? Yeah, that's his name. Gotta be fried. I don't watch married with children. George is giving me like, like, like, all you guys watch married with children? That show sucks. No wonder you're not selling anything. God, if you'd start watching something good like entertainment tonight, you might sell some shoes. Hi, this one, dude. Call up a Meldemarko. See how she does. Are you serious? You haven't had one customer all day? I called in and they said it had one thing all day. Not yet. How about Doug? How about you? You had one thing today? I had a couple things today, but I'm not working. Okay. Well, that's a good excuse. Markets only up 11 now was smoking was up 36 points. It's only up 11, which means it's, I think it's going to be down by the end of the day. You're right. You're absolutely up. This is up. Retails coming up a little bit. I don't see it. I don't see it. I don't see it. I don't see it. Things are really bad. Sure, I think we ought to just hang our heads in the screen. Well, I'm still going to school, so. When it's nice to be pouring down running circles, screaming, shout, that's our model pal. And, uh, I'm closing the session. Yeah. Talking about the, uh, emissions and all that stuff, I'm sitting in a traffic school one day. Yeah. I'm listening to this guy going on and on about how he speaks and all that stuff, which really doesn't bother me. Then he comes out to say how he's going to have his own test on it as a car because he works at the place. He works at the, you miss at the, uh, inspection's place. So he's got his own two. Yeah. He kind of like putting it a little better. So I'm not, I don't know about his, uh, but it's place on all the people in the class can go by and he can, uh, he can, uh, put these guys through. Yeah, you can fake it for him. He's probably fake it for a lot of guys. And, Ben. Well, listen, have it just dog panic and remember one thing, okay? Let's make you feel a lot better. What's up? I'm sorry, Pauline. Have a great day, pal. Thank you, Neil. I'm sorry. Okay. Hey, listen, anyone is better than, uh, bad one. 123, a WIOD. We have an open line in Dave County, 751 to Sky as falling. The professionals picking up cars in car care at university, BP car care center in the Gables extend to you and invitation to come in and, uh, get any kind of car repair out of the sun. I really do it. No rip off. Only the best work from tires to thermostats. Spark plugs to shock absorbers, changing all the chancey loop. And speaking of that right now, they have a special offer on a loop oil and filter change for just 1995 less to $5 BP rebate, which means your car's only 14. 95. So give them a call. 6, 6, 1, 4, 9, or 2 for all your auto repair needs or just stop in for a complete loop oil and filter change only 14.95. At university BP car care center 14.92 South toxie highway in the Gables. They use the best state of the art equipment like the Allen Smart Engine analizer giving you a precise thorough computer printout of exactly what's going on inside your car. Okay, inside that thing. So take the guesswork, the headaches and the rip offs out of your trip to the mechanic, call on our good friends at university BP car care center at 14.92 South toxie highway in the Gables. Hey listen if you have absolutely no life at all, which is most of you, I'm sure you'll want to stick around with two everyday for those guys, Rick and Sons. John, hi, what are you here at WIOT radio station in Miami? Oh my god. Yeah. Oh, I'm here. I'll go in the second. Okay. This guy sends out this audition page. And he's never been on the radio. And he just starts talking, I need a job. Please Johnny, what was? Yes? Yeah. Very simple. That's it. I need a job. That's those guys, Rick and Sons every day or two, right after my thing, here on 610 WIOT. It's trying to be all honest and I'm exaggerating a little bit of course. Yeah, just a little bit. Yeah, but he's trying to be all honest. The Marvin was a lot better in New York, I've turned it out. Markets up almost 15, it's bouncing back up again. Oh, great. Yeah. So, uh, she was trying to, but that's all she talks about though. She always talks about Marvin, how he's so nice. Yeah, I'd be real worried if I were you Bobby. Oh, yeah. Well, well, I'm kind of shaking in my boot, you know what I mean? Exactly. Screw. Okay. Why would say that? But see the thing is, before, I mean, I introduced her to talk radio. Okay. That's how you got to control. I know. I'll be sitting there on the other end of the phone, give me a lecture. Like, she knows it all and I don't know crap about anything. Okay. And then all of a sudden, Rick Roddy was a great guy until she remembered he don't like cats. And now he doesn't know anything about crap either, okay? Well, see the thing is, she would every time I listened to you before, before she started to think to you. Yeah, I listened to her. And then after that, then she said she's going to start calling Sides after she got rid of her. And you know what he said about? This is such a says. He gives a good crap. Yeah. So he only came one way or the other. No, but all she's trying to do is just trying to be, you know, real nice and honest. No, she's not. She was honest. She was not nice at all today. You didn't hear the call. She was a bitch. She was. She was just a bad, bad news. I know. She's trying to, she's calling me up. Telling me how I should call and redeem her because, you know, everybody's ripping her up to pieces. He'd deem her. It's like redeeming it off Hitler. What the hell are you talking about? She was not in noxious. No, but believe it or not, she's got your picture on the refrigerator and how she does nothing. But talk about what do I see? She's got my picture on the refrigerator door. That's kind of interesting. Well, with a new trick system. Right. Right next to Porkey Pig. With a new trick system magnet, no less. Yeah. And, you know, she's got like three or four tapes. Wow. She really shocked me today. I got to be honest with you. I just cannot believe. But I can't believe that she's turning into another Ian and Kelvin. But you know what, Uncle Neil. Ultimately, she does love you. And she does nothing but talk about you. Yeah. Back at it. A problem. Sick Bobby sick. She's a raccupine. Okay. Keep her busy. Okay. I'll try it. You have a great day. I just can't just kind of try to eat the tension. Yeah. You know, could try to with a butter knife. It's so sick. And the tension too. Yeah. See you Bobby. They get him. Well, look at all his facts stuff that's coming in here now. Wow. Sometimes I feel a little bit less. This passing me by. Sometimes I feel my own smile. Certification of air pollution control devices. It's an system. Somebody has, um, By the way, the guy keeps waiting, wasting the paper on the, uh, tax machine with his shield crap. Shield this. Okay. Every day this guy weighs like a big chunk of it. Where is this from, by the way? Cafe pilon, pilon. We had a column up, you know what? Five, nine, four. Is that, date County? That's a brand of Cuban coffee. What? Cafe pilon. So is this from like a Cuban guy? Air, shoulders and shoulders. Always eating and chilling and, uh, Bop, bop, bop, bop. Here we go. I get this big gross, uh, HATE facts. I mean, hate mail is one thing. But hate facts. That's right. Mm-hmm. Seven, six. Sometimes I feel a little bit less. This passing me by. What is that? What is that noise? What is that sound? Oh, that's their facts number, huh? Okay, here's a message for your facts machine. Well, I don't know about Cuba, do you sound like some stupid idiotic touch, stupid stupid idiotic touch? Okay, have a nice day. Okay, well, I'm just going to keep that because we get the phone number. I got the name of the place. What a jackass. So anyway, here's all the stuff about the emission test. If we can say that. Operation celebration helps celebrate the homecoming of our, uh, troops. Almost all of the troops families plan to celebrate Christmas on their loved ones return. It says, let's join in showemaker show them that we saved Christmas for them. And they wrote, oh, look at this. They wrote all this stuff in the margins of this facts that you couldn't read. If you're, if they held a gun to your head. Oh, you couldn't read this stuff. We'll be at Operation celebration proudly announcing the same Patrick's day parade in downtown for a long day of Sunday. They have the privilege to be honored by some of America's finest, the purest, and explode ended in the parade will be flight by. I can't read this several three convertibles I guess. Gary Fronrath is letting us use three convertibles. One red one, white one blue. The red convertible will have three deserts, drum soldiers. The white convertible have a Vietnam vet. Panama vet. That'll get that one guy upset. We're in a vet. The blue convertible have a world war. One vet, I guess, World War Two, Korea vet. The red convertible has three dnx, float will be decorated in the patriotic theme to salute the vet. I mean, try to read this is the most incredible thing. This is like the guy that called her, or a high kneel first, a little tinker lie, and joy or show sometimes. Sometimes. It's like that guy who called me for it. You made a negative statement about the lack of marketing for this very important exhibition series. You've been more attention to your sisters. Oh, this is the same guy that called. Remember about the sisters they did? And he also made the comment when he called about how he enjoys the show sometimes. Sometimes I feel certain that life is passing you by, okay? You jackass? So we had a fact sit and on top of it he calls. And as I recall, we cut him short. 135 at Wiod. Get a pencil now. It's in order to book that's crucial to all the Indian citizens and their families. It's called how to protect your life savings from catastrophic illness and nursing homes. Maybe you've saved your whole life for your retirement, but if a catastrophic illness, like Alzheimer's or a stroke hits, the cost of long-term care can bankrupt you. Why do you out? Medicare your health insurance even if you won't pay. You could lose your savings even your house there would be nothing left to pass out of your children. This book tells you how to protect those life savings even if you thought it was too late. How to avoid a lean on your house and lots more. It's 200 pages of practical advice from attorney Harley Gordon, a lawyer who specializes in protecting assets. The cost only 1895 plus shipping a small price to pay to protect those life savings. How to protect your life savings from catastrophic illness and nursing homes is available by calling toll free. 1895-2526-2626. That's 1-800-955-2626 as for extension 12. Operators are sitting by. Asshole, major asshole. Is an asshole to Sir Gunnets made first class Philip Asshole. How many assholes we got on this ship anyhow? Go! I knew it, I was surrounded by assholes. 212 at WIO Deal, a little clip there from the staff meeting this morning in the brain trust in the conference room once go to West Boca, hello. Sir, how are you doing? I'm glad this unit could move today. Why not? I don't know how could we want this town. Markets back up to 18 now, it's going back and forth like a Yoyo again. Yeah, having a good day. So far up to this moment. Why? No, I'm just listening, I'm covering my bases. You never can be sure, never count your chickens before they drop it. I wanted to ask you about the horse. About what horse? Yes. Why did they move at the Saturday? Because they couldn't fill the race for Friday so they had to move to the next day. They were only two horses added for Friday and a 15,000 climbers so they had to move it to the next day. Is that mean it's running to get the same class? Yeah, 15,000. I'm fine. All right, I just didn't know. He'll be here to be right there again, believe me. Trust me what I'd tell you. Yeah, that was pretty good one last week, huh? Do you have it? Oh yeah. You had it? I had it. 26 bucks? Yeah, it was pretty good. Outstanding. Yeah, but it looked, it didn't look as good until they scratched the eight horse. When they scratched the eight that gave them the chance. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I like when he wins because they call you down to go out there and talk about him. Yes, sir. Make a fool of myself and have to go over and humble myself to the amazing Joe Pavia. They announced you. Then I go back upstairs and Dominic never lets me hear the end of it. Boy, Joe is the best. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh, he's the favorite talk show host. Yes, sir. I'm just out on the floor. Something like that. Yeah. Well, listen, I'm glad you catch. Double-sea Saturday. I hope. I'll tidy too. All right. Take a seat. Chris Smith List in the 93 seven hole on Saturday. It's a 12,500 to 15,000 claiming handicap. Which is why got the outside of England is these in for 15. But no problem. Mason from behind is a lot of speed in air probationer with Kelly Shepherd. me last night he's going to go to first half and 52 in change and we got the wool off with Kevin and Air boy he's going to be out and fly best bunny with Wally man what a first time we're going to have again and here comes Joe on the outside is they go up the back straight circling the field and just winning for a joke again I think he's going to be real good this week trust me and again I want to say one more time if you missed the first route of the driver's championships last night it was I'm telling I'm still got goosebumps Wally had a scene Peter Redner I've been going 31 years to the harness racing and seldom if I see tonight well I saw such an exciting thing going on the fact that I had some input in that it makes me feel good and in fact I want to take all of credit for how do you like that can't they have the horseman's meeting he said well this is not the Rogers idea this is our idea right sure uh huh it's my idea who cares who's idea it is it was a great idea and it was just fabulous went right down to the very last to the last few yards of the sixth race between Wally and Peter as they struggled out Wally beat him in the stretch and won the thing and Peter better luck next year boy was great next Wednesday we got um total we have Pavia and uh Tommy Houghton and then the week after that we got Kevin Wallace Mr. God against Ron Wapels little Canadian battle Larry and then the week after that it's Bruce Ranger he's the danger against John Hogan then they do the semi finals the following two weeks after that and then the 23rd of April last Wednesday of the meeting the big uh thing the last one of the championships I mean it makes for great racing and they're out there just puke and their brains out and they're like some perfect as you can't miss like that ninth grade that I was at the ninth tenth race the two three Peter and Wally coming down the stretch of pay like 1060 which wasn't that bad a mortal lock perfective for somebody I know knocked it way down Miami Beach hello okay yeah that's the first night of past over two so they're gonna be substituting the monster for the cracker yes sir huh you know the other day also yes if you there's any lives people it's sir said left to call you and well I'm calling you I'm one of the live ones all right I don't know who that English guy is that keeps calling me some peanuts and my eyeballs now we'll bring those to the games going wrong back like they don't really there you go right throw the lots of balls I was gonna throw out the first multiple that's a question probably Joshua or door of the life court probably something her there you go have a good one and a number user one forty three a wdy in the shambler cut of a short before we could tell us about the life cards and you like to recommend we have an open line in date county seven five one nine four six three heck I've boarded me to death four louder now well yes sir yeah hey how'd you get talking about curls yet a day I want to know how did I get talking about it yeah what does that mean well I want to know if you remember the golden point over a goodman street in the Ridge Road East no sir you don't remember that that was even before caro now how old are you think I am well I'm 48's you're not some old parts from the dark age I don't remember that well you probably remember when the hamburgers were five cents no I remember when he used to pay you a dime to take him okay hey listen when you do me a favor about those french fries the curls man they had enough salt on them you could make a salt lick out of who I can lick this I used to get manic curls right by the ballpark for KPA hey remember I'm Ridge Road West oh yeah yeah I'm from but I got a request and so I work at a convenience far now I want you to play the convenience farm manager and I want you to play the one-hill academy can you do all that for me no 144 Wiod we have an open line in Broward I mean anybody that talk he can't be from Rocks you do you hear a boring he was he had that like like his voice was on a tape I think you're already the convenience store manager sir you're like on a tape well though it's some other day okay pal don't get your rough thing out of shape don't get your taco bell run out of shape I started to say we have an open line of Broward but what they all differences are make one ever get too many way but it looks good because a lot of important looking people watering around the building day we want to impress him like boy Gary 524 Wiod in Broward I might even pick it up live you never know you never know do you don't forget breakfast with Renewary it Gulf Stream tomorrow morning the broadcast from the clubhouse live it says his live is the my cover gets of course and then it's just a joke don't start getting his stericling calling him up at that office challenge wow and anyway we do want to tell you speaking live oh Wiod yes sir panic could you hear the paranoia woo I love it here's another Wiod yes can you talk to me who's this it's Kirby and mobile in QR though Kirby pocket Kirby power whoa how you doing Kirby all right is this like from the Kirby vacuum cleaner I don't know if I was like hear that suction in the background corsets in the keys so I guess that's speaks for itself you're on a air Kirby is this deal yes oh yeah where yeah okay oh this is sitting out here on my boat that's the boat noise here in the back oh that's what that is I thought it was your Kirby vacuum and about eight to gear I was reading newspaper you well the movie here is 76 there anything about it no yes it was costume designer who's the costume designer yeah it's a fia copula oh wow I bet you all the people in a look like Syrinota Burjara could be could might be hey let's not all both people are bad you know all what not all I never said that and you're down there minding your own business you're not up here messing up the traffic and screw up the abridges on the causeway that's a way to do it all right well us and the pal have a great day and give Sophie a big kiss all over the snot's okay so I take about a half hour all right see you later one forty seven I'm sure glad I picked those up live we want to tell you about little Marie Osmond everybody loves Marie right well she is pretty and perky and she's a little bit country and don't he's a little bit old but anyway she's going to be doing two live shows on Saturday and Sunday this weekend at the Fort London Hill swap shop the home of lots of bargains and fun in the circus and just all kinds of great stuff the second most popular tourist attraction in the state of Florida with more than eight million visitors a year that's a ton okay and one of the reasons is because they've got some big names that come in on a weekend you see a free show cost you absolutely nothing you can park free nothing to get into the joy you pick up a bunch of bargains you sit down you watch Marie do her thing and her show too Sunday one and six a Saturday one and six p.m. and Sunday two and five p.m. boy it's incredible then we got meltillus coming soon in Conway, Twitty and George Jones a whole bunch of old boys okay it's going to be great so check out Marie this weekend at the Fort London Hill swap shop on sunrise between nine ninety five and the turnpike hey and Tony about those dark shades too that Tony Curtis boy see doing it or what he's hot hot hot hot man anyway Florida Derby's ain't coming up on Saturday well nothing is perfect how I'm falling and I can't get it up 151 a WIOD here's a caller from Boker hello how Neil yes sir yeah long time listener long time caller whatever okay and I just want to tell you about you know the people fall up and you know putting down the please and we're telling you all that stuff yes sir well you know they're out there saving our life are they yeah that those two pigs behind that hiding behind the car this morning they were sure they were sure say they were my life I'll tell you that now never miss this show again you truck truck okay 150 what a WIOD let's go to Kendall hello oh Kendall yes sir that one was hot woman it was great it was always as hot as Tony Curtis almost why would know he's hot hot I wouldn't know I wouldn't know you know I waited all these time and when I see those spots on TV it gets me so excited I want to jump on my horse and ride right out of town as my friend okay markets up 24 it's like a Yoyo it was up about 36 and went dad or about 11 outs back up to 24 they can't make up their mind today nobody knows right nobody knows the trouble we've seen that's right so I wanted to audition now but you know so that's who's been the new fetish and for what audition for I don't know we do the wrong show for that I would call out Dave Grig line at home oh oh is that I need to call Dave yeah what's Dave up to what you what do you mean what's he up to I don't know you know him remotely why who's this who's this this is Glen oh not that Glenn no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no I don't you know then hot and I can't believe it yeah well wow how you doing boy this is a voice from the past ladies and gentlemen man who is widely chased at W.S. News by whole budget perverts yeah I heard river but all that oh yeah there were some people who just just hot for your body I heard river will let's the body one of them is working on a small station for a lot of the owner but anyway I what are you doing these days Glen beside the girlfriend break your sunglasses on the air what are you doing please got it forgot all about hey I got a great memory that's worth a million that one yeah I don't know where she is I have no idea where she is well that's good you're lucky no one do you sound so happy I don't know what are you saying again what are you doing these days Glen what are my doing these days let's see where do we repeat everything I ask go I plan is working at the parrot jungle is this the micronary show no no I we're selling voicemail doing voicemail up at Canada around it oh and voicemail hey voicemail hey can we have a big project up in up in Canada what is it voicemail you know automated attendant voicemail you press buttons and you you're call gets routed through various looking all like that crappy thing they put in here did you guys put that in there oh man up in the front office this road tonda up there is having an nervous breakdown over that baby yeah that's why it's probably it's because it wasn't an access voicemail system's product that's why you see okay whatever you say a little plug there ladies yeah that a plug yeah my god I didn't realize I didn't realize yeah so well I you didn't sense it's toward the end of the show we might call it a butt plug but they would be wrong now what is it cool oh gee that was definitely the wrong end what I wanted to know it's just coupon a catalytic converter now so if we go in and you plug in your car and it's bad yeah what happens um bigass you right there in a spot but you have to get a new catalytic converter I mean what are they I don't have the idea I don't know we don't want to give all the information out of one day get everybody scared to a daylight just let's break it to him one one piece at a time my question is who's really gonna make the money behind this it's not that's another great ripoff you know that that's what I want to know well of course why don't you get it out of you're good at that stuff actually we're gonna go to business together woo Dave writer Dave writer I was the writer I'm trying to Dave writer you can you can have your uh converter just to get in the phone they can do it over the phone by voicemail he's big though he's big now well maybe you've seen but I've heard well it's so great here and from your glad gets a new material and I'm glad you're still bouncing around out there I'm working out thanks the excellent already have a great life by glad hot and I can't believe it ladies and gentlemen wow let's go to Miami hello yes Neil yes sir how are you doing I'm doing okay how are you doing pretty good okay okay okay I'm about the emissions test is uh I'm an honor to just and I've been keeping up with all the uh I start to going on to emissions test a lot of misinformation going on out there okay well you're the guy who sounds like you're in the straight mess out some guy called earlier saying it's on your birthday it's not on your birthday it's gonna be conjunction with the registration renewal and you're gonna have 90 days prior to your birthday to get the test you're gonna have three months right to go ahead and get the test oh well that's a lot better and another guy called talking about our inspector is his friends are going through the rain or whatever right that's doesn't make any sense because the computer makes a decision not to lean in inspector and about the volunteer testing going on right now it's a free volunteer inspection just for a public information for those people who want to go ahead and get their test done and find out how their car is running but the actual mandatory inspection starts April 1st in day to car county yeah which by the way what do you mean in date county what about browner well browner month later from what I know I've been looking at the news report it's not car off of the course for us their contractor is a month late but data is starting on time um this is the near and date county is totally different than before it's not safety inspection it's an emission inspection only there's gonna be an optional range for safety but that's complete option or it doesn't affect the if you pass the failure test the test the test here in date county is stated the art is the high-tech program the most modern advanced program and the country right now in the US and it's gonna be seven stations in date county spread out throughout the county and the test itself takes about two to three minutes the safety test can take up to six to nine minutes but that's like I said option all right so now like lens of what happens if you fail or if you fail you're going to have you know no give you a like a computer print out what's wrong into a car to give you an idea what repairs you might need to do you know you can get your repair done so you can stop polluting the air and then you go ahead and get a re-inspection which is totally free it doesn't cost it thing all right so in other words they give you amount of time to come back you're gonna give you 30 days to get back and do the inspection again and then you're gonna fail again they send you the LAD to beat up right no no that's that's that gets more involved but uh family from what I've read about 15% of the cars that have gone through the pre-inspection failed so basically the majority of the vast majority of cars are passing the test with right now let me ask you this question what have I've a buses the buses gonna have to go to the ones that are puking that diesel out of the air just polluting our lungs and making his gag and choke yeah buses there's been a hot but believe in a factor over a year or two buses and any vehicle encounter that that admits these dark you know pollution gases for more than five consecutive seconds can get cited and buses are handled through a totally different program and they're supposed to be tuned up and you know regular oil changes and all that oh yeah that's a different that's a different story yeah but um you know just what misinformation people have been getting the right it so they're well complaining about how online just so on and so forth which isn't true from what some what uh what I know okay all right so just want to you know probably over the planet is that I'm a very strong favorite clean up the environment and I'm sticking to it as you know all these people turn off their pollution devices and you know polluting my air exactly just to pour it out there when you get one of behind one of those people make it just gag yeah it's all you know I don't want to get like our aid and uh have to have a small alert exactly the one that they beat the crap out of each other out there man they're also full of toxic fumes they don't know what they're doing yeah okay thanks with a load I did a great job all right see you okay while you asked your diastock yes when we got the real the straight poop on the show we really got it didn't waste any okay now tomorrow he's gonna tell us what he really feels about everything okay I love that guy we can get him to get him and John from Chicago together we could have a great show on a weekend to replace the Meg Green oh hey by the way happy anniversary Meg she's gonna be out there and doing those yellow shots with Marvin next week or something wouldn't be a shame if they both got like concealed inside of that big glob of jello never seen again what a shame that would be huh yeah we can send you out there to liquorway through and save Marvin anyway she'll get in her lick sooner later I can just see the can't you see that now just chewed her way through a big gigantic glob of jello Marvin please come out wherever you are oh sweetheart get a big chunk of pineapple just stuck right near us suffocous anyway have a wonderful day stay tuned for Rick and Spud with fill us dillers she's gonna be the big nose on the phone today sunny herish on sports talk at 605 and then tonight the one the only I'm sure he's just a foaming at the moth getting ready for Saturday in the Florida Derby Hank Goldberg with Lisa Patrillo on the Academy Awards it ought to be a real swill show