Best of Rogers, highlights of previously broadcast Neo Rogers programs. The opinions of the host, guests or callers, and not necessarily those of this station are its advertisers. Now, the best of Neo with your host, Neo Rogers, a new dog with you. 610 WIOD. I'm now for the Game Show where politicians, questions and answers they came up with are in the past three years in E-Lexing, California. And now, here's your host, Alex. Two more people. This is the training today for final jeopardy is our Raining Champion George Bush. Are you ready to risk all you've earned so far, George? Yeah, I'm going for a bow. Sort of like the over-taxed middle class. Now, I'm right through your history. So, reason George Bush could lose in 1992. Ah, Jesus, 500, 700, and no, no, and bouncing. Quiet? No, I didn't think you were the first time in an hour. Well, it's round play. No, I got the nightmare on the session. Wait, I got it. All right, George, let's see what you got. No, no idea. One more question please. Oh, you mean like, why don't I have any new idea? Hey, just like I've got an audience, just decide to go to find out why. One, the world is working. Come on, let's go. One, this is the whole of the world. This is your new property. Here's the lady in the gables. Hello? Yes, man. Neil? Yes. Your favorite person? My favorite person? Yeah. Orlando, your voice is ch- No, I hope you know I met well with the deal. Neil. Was this Johnny Darcy's, sir? No, this is the animal rights person. The animal rights, you were not to use animal rights personally. That you were the viola lady. Let's check out, do with animal rights. Well, what does that mean animal rights? What does that mean? Just like they human rights, or, you know. Well, since when do other animals have rights? Since they feel just like we do. No, that's what they feel that rhymes with the deal and Neil. That's what I said. That's real on a squeal. When I think of it, a list of the deal. That's everybody going to have a deal. Parmesan sandwich for lunch today. Neah. Horrors has a good one. Deal? I guess he took it personally, but anyway. I didn't take it personally. I can find a way. I just want you to know. What I took it personally. No, you did not mean what. You're just, you're just a Canadian bitch trying to tell everybody else what to do. No, no. I don't know. I don't want to know. I do not care for it. People try to tell me what to help it. I've never tried to tell you what to do. You told me you came right on the other hand. So I've got to change my attitude about this. You told me you must go. Change and everybody helped me. Yes, you did. Yes, you did. No, I didn't. I did. No, I didn't. Did. No, I didn't. No. No. No. No. See what I mean. No. No. Let's move on to something else because I'm not going to change my mind. I like viola. I'm going to keep eating it. I'm going to whatever I like. That's my business and you mind your own garden business. That's nothing illegal about buying viola. That's no like. I don't want to hear about all the poor baby cows. Your people out there dying on the streets. I don't know. I don't know. In your life. Have you ever heard anything like that? In your life? Plice. I had it. You know, they're making a difference. But I mean, twice you got it in there. And back at you, bitch. Boy, the most obnoxious, the most disgusting. No wonder she's into baby cow. Certainly nothing human would come close to her. God. That call was worse than the utter way. That call was worse than the utter one. So 80 in Pembroke pie. Hello there. Hi. Hi. I'm a long time list here of you. Well, that's great. I'm 83. I'll be there. I've got to be serious. I received a beautiful beautiful letter from Harry Summerville. From who? Harry Summerville, a familiar sound. Oh. And I think you should. I think I should read this over the air. No. Now, everybody who would donate gets that in the rest of them. Don't want to hear about it because they're untrusted. Isn't that a damn shame? Yeah. It'd be crazy. Yeah, 95% of Mara, very close to that lady who called before that didn't get on the air about to her. Yeah. Wasn't she a trauma? She was a, she was what you called her. Exactly. The first class, bitch. Right. Exactly. Did you have to be subjected to it? And I am too. I think it's disgusting. There isn't enough money in the free world. But anybody should have to sit here and be subjected to cowardly people like her on the phone. Right. People who sit behind the anonymity of the telephone and act real bold and brave and spew mong all over the poor taco. It's sad. It is. It's sad. It's sad. I have generation and I have to tell. But Bois said, it's sad. Well, honey, it's a beautiful letter. And you got credit. W.O.D. And you'll ride. I get credit for nothing. I get blame for everything that goes wrong. I get credit for credit for credit. I get credit. Well, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about here. Well, everything bad that happens. I'm behind it. I'm responsible for it. I'm a part of it. I'm like, just a loose cannon. No, you just stay well. As William Conrad would say, a big loose cannon. You just stay well, honey. I'm 83. And I hope to live another. This. Another 110. Well, you sound pretty good from. To me. You just take it. Okay. Thank you. Bye, bye, mom. You're listening to the best of Rogers on news to our radio. 610 W.O.D. Some words. Very sticks is heading here again just now in the middle of that traffic report. And, says to me, I thought you agreed. We weren't going to do the music. Now, then we take a little poll on this the other day. In formal poll. And like we talked to 4 million people. And every one of them said we want the music on the traffic. See, length of lift issue. We got these big numbers in here between 10 and 2. This particular book. And of course, I know the book's are well full of crap, but nonetheless, I'll take credit for it. I mean, it's like stands out. Like it just jumps out at you. Those enormous, enormous. How do you get an example? Okay. Let's do our own horn here for a second. Okay. You probably used to that. M is used to tuning his own. Um, we're going to have a number. Here we are. Day parts. 9 a.m. to 10 a.m. The weakest hour of the ringer shows that 9 to 10 hour. I wonder why. 39. I've 10 o'clock. We got a 7 7. Then an 8 1 7 9 7 7 and a 2. Reconcept of 4 6. So anyway, what I'm trying to say to you is obviously this audience wants the music behind the thing because it's entertaining. It's amusing. And now a boy Gary says that the traffic for people are having a fit. And they're just to go and nuts in there. But you cry baby. This is what it is. And I think, you know, there's a certain time to draw the line in the sand and put your foot down and say I'm not going to whip out. And I'm not putting up with that crap. And like I said, if it's okay to have the drum beats behind the Tom, the passion, George Michael, whatever his name is at the five, 20 on channel four, it was a little soft music. So about that level behind the traffic to just to kind of spice it up a little bit. Right? That's what I say. I could be wrong. But I think like I said, there's a time to draw the line in the sand and don't let the once he starts muscling in here man, then more in trouble. Then it won't stop. The mess with success. Scroll there traffic. Okay? We can do better traffic. Taking the nut about 10 gallon a hat like they do the ratings. I'm not going to make a big issue out of the thing. I mean, you know, if the people are the guys, it's a traffic watch patrol. And not only that, then I get blamed for a day grade line getting canned too. Okay. That makes it even worse. I get blamed for that. He gets fired because he didn't have my support. I have nothing to say about anything that goes on in his building. I'm on my own show. I have no control over it. And he's got the unmitigated host by to blame me for cannon grave lines as that takes some real big ones. I tell you that. Must have been sleeping with the elephant last night in Stole, a pair of gerry. That's incredible. That I'm believable. He got fired because he didn't have my support all these months. How about the audiences support? Man, it's just unbelievable. Give like a bird drop to big one. I'm one of the upper level management people's car. It's my fault. Okay. Because the bird was listening to this show and he came over to the building that Give us a message. Up for the music down with the traffic. That's what I say. I mean, I just can't believe it. And it comes in here like all of it. Like this is a bulletin. I mean, we've been doing this for days now. Okay. We had the one newscast that we knuckle under. And the audience said, when I put an up with this crab, we want our music. Don't we pay BMI and ask at big bucks every year so we can play music here on both of these important radio stations? So anyway, the music's gone. That's history. It's official now. They're putting their feet down, man. In clay and stone and granite. Your music has been stolen on the hourly traffic reports. Okay. So you're going to all call up Joe Brennan, Mike George Michael, Pakistan, whatever his name is, Roberts. And tiny crews and all the others say, Hi, babies. Hi, babies. Now I want to see when Channel 4 takes the drum beats off the news at 520. That's what I want to see. Okay. How come they don't whip out a Channel 4? And kiss up to these guys with their inaccurate, grow test, copy, overrated, embarrassing traffic reports. How come, how come that is? George. Uh, oh, excuse me. Oh, it's cheese. This place, I'm Tonya. This is what happens. The book just, I guess, the first copy of the book. We actually have at the four hours on this show are like skyrocketing, gigantic. Almost enough to give you a little ego, which in this building is impossible. And then man, it's like, okay, let's put that thumb. Do we have under my thumb by the stones? Let's play that instead of the news at noon. We do have a zed in there. Suds brought in a double stone thing, but I have a feeling it's probably the long gone. I don't see it. Oh, there it is. That's a dance man, what a guy. I always like that, so it's a line. I bet you that's not on here. Under my thumb there it is, it is on here. Okay, we're going to play that lieu of the new news. We'll play another my thumb. It's up to George, it's his choice. Ha ha ha haha. Your choice, your- Either pop up the news or the cassette deck. One or the other- Ha ha ha. Oh- I know. Ha ha ha ha ha. I quit. Yeah, I mean, this is getting ridiculous now. It's like they're just like somebody just opened up a gigantic Like a big dumpster and they turned it upside down loaded with elephant droppings and just turned it upside down on our heads in here today As a way of saying thanks for the great job you're doing for us There you go man. I feel like I'm covered with it from head to toe Hmm kind of interesting. Hey, listen. I'm gonna knock a lot of it. They pay me enough. I'll do whatever they want Let's go Well whatever they want. They want me to play Chinese polka's here for four hours every day if they just keep the checks coming No problem at all whatever you want. You got it Disney he does have it. You can see that. Look at his face. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, me. How you doing? I'm doing well I need to mid-vice on going to the track I Don't Not just a joke. If you go to pop a note. Don't sit in the dining room because wrap up put your next to a bunch of a lot of notches people I think I'm too far away to go to pop a note with them in Miami No, you're not why is that just go up 95 get off an Atlantic Boulevard and make a left and you're right there Well, no, but I thought that Hiallia was close And well, Hiallia is closer, but unfortunately it's not open at this time so you can go there and see the flamingo is there still doing it But that's that's it. Can't lose any money there now Well, that we actually can't get in Okay, so if I was what I would like come up to pop it. Oh, we need your money post time 730 Monday through Saturday nights We need your money. It's a lot of fun Well, how long can you how long it's from 730 until when so when everyone leave when did it close? The last race is about 1115 1130. Okay, and if what I would like I mean They don't like lock the door and lock you in they would like to I'm sure because they want all your money But you can leave whenever you want like I did the other night I'll give me an idea in terms of how much money I could I don't want to spend lots of money I want to bring a visiting guest up there right and I don't know make reservation in the come out Come on good personal friend around in the eckon house make reservation Have a nice dinner up there the food is good get the stir Friday and in soup how much did they know? Jen moving right oh, maybe 15 20 bucks. Okay, so for the two of us that beer around 30 $40 right how much should if I know absolutely bet two dollars a race You'll for fun you say for about seven eight races that be 15 bucks a piece So that's like for less than a hundred bucks. You go have dinner in a good night. Okay, and in terms of the racing since I know nothing That'd be you're gonna win just bet just pick drivers Colors the horses names and just bet like to bet to show if I like the way to show everyone Just bet two bucks to show then if they come in for a second or third you catch okay, okay? Okay, just pick a horse to show okay, hey, we'll get a lot back But at least it'll give you a little something. Okay. Okay. Good introduction. Yeah Just go right up 95 to the Atlantic Boulevard in Palpano Beach you get off there go left and you go to the To power line and you're right there at the track and I can do this for the two of us for around a hundred dollars Less I mean depending I can't control how much you plunge if you get the fever and stuck going not still call me tomorrow Oh, gee, that was nice. I can't help that Well, maybe I'll give anything if I would have been there last night man. Oh man Jeff Gregory with 19 but on Jeff Gregory. Okay. Oh, I Jeff Gregory is God Well, thank you very much. Okay. Good luck. Bye. She probably you're up there and wouldn't like a traffic for $14,000 and I have to hear about it. Miami Beach. Yeah, hey, Neil I got the fireport for you Yes, I went across the street and had food at the wonderful Thai restaurant You keep talking about yeah, and I was sitting at a table with my back to a man and a voice was real familiar and You made a cross history here a Right across the street. Miami by the bay you right and I heard this voice order a some young guy soup And I turned around and it was Rick Sanchez. I believe it he never stopped talking and he finished a whole bowl within 15 minutes and Just never stopped. Yeah, well, you know, he's real original at Ricky Sanchez Well, that's why he did the reason that he had to go with her. It's the only place in the area He could walk for lunch. They won't let him drive right and he didn't even have a beer with dinner either Annabelle I wreck your butcher up now. That's it. Thanks for the report. Okay. Thanks, Neil. This is news to our videos 610 WIOD with a best of Rogers Neil, yes Got a fire report for you yeah from Great changes. I called you last week told you that we're gonna cry dry. Yeah, we'll take this out He A couple of my friends are coming home in Two cars. Yeah, so he was like six hours away from me and We they both pulled out the block and they were driving a little fast Yeah, so I told him to my driveway and he's come walking from the house and told welcome my friends That has no way to drive in the residential area He didn't have his little channel seven sky cam, did he? No, I think it's because we'll kid the frame outside Oh, you're so emotional Oh Yeah, it's funny every time a pedestrian walks up the causeway here like in front of channels seven and I OD he sticks his head out the window and sings that Guys, this is the best he doesn't like you very much really Why do you tell you that? No, no, well I didn't really talk to him. I wasn't one and maybe he might be listening But how do you know that because you know you're talking about it? Why do you write? He hates me like poison But he does listen to every day's listen right now. Oh, well, that's great So you know bottom he's off with he's listening right now. Yo, yeah Well then Rick's in his your do you spec Tell him to me mind your own business Rick leave these punctual on okay get a life jerky This up and down the block like he owns the road. Yeah. Well. That's right because he's got to write connections Have a great work See you Oh Man are they emotional today Oh You're confused is what we're talking about you're in the crowd. Okay. We just got so much going on We also have a memo here from boy Gary It says it's been determined that Neo Rogers is responsible for the following He's even doing stick now. He's doing material board Gary Neo Rogers is responsible for the following hot 105's format change all traffic tie ups on 95 Rick and suds bad bits Lank the copy breaks at the FCC Steve came birth Manual noriigas compression Sudify stopping suspiciously more and more like Ron St. John worldwide shortage of snappled sales people asking past Exurgent For an asshole removal Ellis Ruben Zgo the demise of the virtual rating St. John basketball lost not so loud to UM Patricia Bowman screaming Michael instead of William Forcing WWE QAMD use a microscope to speed their ratings governor child Waxies music mix next year late in John employment Alex bet its talent Johnny Carson's retirement W. L. Y. F. Market dominance all losing horses in any race track and the firing of Dave grave lie Sorry, David saw my fault This is the same programming department that hired Alex Bennett that hired Dickie Farco against my friend you was his steric ill opposition and anybody really believes that I have anything to do with who works here or not Man Saw my fault Here's a lady in Hollywood hello hi, Neil Listen, I'm just calling you about I don't know if you remember yesterday as I called about parents Oh, yeah, he had that yellow thing right here yellow thing you know if you probably worked in the Chinese restaurant If you decide that you are gonna get a bird who said I'm getting a bird where did that come from? No, because you were talking about yesterday and you were pretty impressed with the way that the birds talk right? That don't mean I'm gonna get one well, nobody's gonna say if you decided that she were going to get Yeah, you could talk to your buddy Keith Okay, see from the sunshine band is a birdie's a bird man. He's got like all kinds of birds Absolutely yeah, I mean, he told me you seen a birder two in his time. I get so What he said I don't know what he meant by that, but I think I have a pretty good idea Yeah, because his I think Rick Reen Is his manager or what his manager? Rick Reen Rick Reen. I don't know who that is. I think I'm not sure I've met him back in like 1979 or something like that at cable car And what at cable car at the cable car at the pit store? Oh a pet store call cable car. Yeah, why would you name a pet store cable car? I have no idea But they got a name at a flower shop streetland Right, I don't get it. I miss anything something Like it would be like name in a sandwich shop subway Yeah, yeah, that's that's right now. I understand okay, no, I got it. No, but I made him there with You're a buddy Bill Hannah Yeah, and they were there to get what do you say my buddy? Why do you say that? Well now that nobody's in the This whole mess now everybody wants to like link me Bill like my good close personal friend okay my team twice in my life I'm being good. I thought I'm trying to distance myself you do understand all of my food feed our moving rapidly Right, okay All right, I as a certain thing to see Of course, okay But as I said, you know, I don't have any idea what you're talking about you started out about getting the bird in about KC Big bird and the yellow bird oh well now we're talking about Tanner and dancing your pants and I don't know what's going on KC's manager was at the cable car with Bill Tanner right They were getting KC Well, don't be given that information. They were they were at the cable car with the bill Tanner We're gonna Casey the bird This is getting worse by the minute. You may be you may have to give a deposition on his whole deal That's the crap Am I gonna get one of your at your infamous letter? No, that's for sure Okay, well, listen have a great day and I'm happy bird do you okay? Thank you Good bird is a happy bird absolutely yeah, thanks, bye. That's what the scouting lady would say. I wonder if bird school. Do you think so For a lot of hell. Hey, I do how are you all right? I just want to call a voice my opinion that I think the traffic Thank you, they so I just down with them. Yeah What they should drive baby exactly they should be a cry baby at least have something to stand behind you Don't understand they're trying to change the world right like a bunch of a Raymond there Exactly they're busy out there looking for Buddha Right on the highway She played up to you Yeah, two for the price of one You can point in you oh You mean you should play the puking behind it now it's his five minutes now boy Gary said that the news is his five minutes now Of course he doesn't realize all the times that certain people I don't want to mention he Lane or Lisa's name What over the five minutes so over the last three years they owe us about six and a half hours. He don't understand that That's right because I've been keeping track They all us they are you a lot you bet they owe me their lives, okay? And what do they do to respond? They don't need to go are they would even walk across the street if this was a real class operation With this book that just came out today boy Gary would come in here and With the three dollars out of his own stupid wallet and say I'm gonna go across and bring you back to soup Just as a way of showing that we do appreciate even as minimal as it is I try to write it into down they should all be Pete yeah, right? All right, thanks a lot have a great day good call not a good call a great call I'm somebody's got some kaho name there not like certain people I know in this building Here's a mobile in Miami hello Yeah, I don't know how you can say anything about this I post you what was with that about the one the traffic reports Last Thursday morning I'm coming across five 95 traffic is beautiful and they said there's an accident at Five niney five and the turn by deck Yeah, there was no accident there Of course, all of us they didn't hear this morning. They were talking about the thing on allergy to rally and they had the helicopter and it was and then it's right out there was nothing there either But that all of us make stuff up Wheel of Blake yeah, and there's an accident I mean they told me about that accident three minutes before it happened. Yeah, that's a psychic Look at him and he just got you just cut himself off of your phone just died, sir Okay, and I could have told you that about like three seconds before it happened because a lady in four-laterdale Who would go get a soup, but she's not close enough? Yeah, you're right. Yeah, you would do it for us. You sound nice. I'm here. Hi Um, you've with all this bird talk. I had this flashback. I had two birds like a year ago Yeah, not for very long But you're good. Art rack is really doing it today These two birds when you would the one when you would hold them on your hands. Yeah, he would like Drops down and he would like rub on you And like We had a bird here. They knew that that's why we had a get rid of it Because like you were talking before but what if I don't know what he's doing Yeah, well, it probably sounds like school, but not all letters are the same But in three modern views that the bird was so crazy. I hated them Yeah, I've gotten a few lightweight two to the last couple of years. I keep my distance Huh? They're just noisy and messy and then they could a lot of mess and then they they've Flap around in that cage and they knock all the seeds and they're other Drop things all around the living room or wherever you got a minute just uh, you know, they're kind of useless Almost you had one a nice to appetize or sometime they're not too bad I guess I had a scooby bird, you know. Yeah, they all scoot and bird Well you have a great day Next time a bird drops something in your hand. I wash it. I yeah, I love you hand too. And a great life. It's the best Dig Rogers and this is news to our grittyos six-dend Wilding It was a kind of an enonym spent at the site that I had a gay life An island just stood what gay six was about that you know that it was it was not about you know Fagery at all it was about violence and savage rean a lot of senses I think one of the the things that stunned me When the record was released but something I realized that I found a female audience Just by thinking honest about the fact that you know I don't I have I understand you know I understand How gay people feel I understand an identity and I know how it feels to be a woman I know how feels to be a woman because I am a woman You know I won't be classified as just a man Raju don't be at the time stay I like his walking I like his hair Oh God the magic but I want his knees when he's touched Oh God the magic but I just love his magic but Oh God the magic but we're all too I just hope Oh God the magic but you lose his grip and drop the soul Oh God the magic but I see how yeah I see you I have him Yeah magic but magic but magic but let's go to a highly a hello Hello yes How you doing in pretty good sir Did we get up my area and the girl kept us all I love okay I have two problems with just stuff for you no more one oh Hello What am I I have heard from a select your scuffs with you I'm Svi Dry who do you fear what you talk to you I'm just talking different languages now it's your pilot multi-lingual show I want to get Sandy Payton pissed off Okay I have to cross and want to discuss with you Yes What do you think about the cubics three cubists and what's the cure what is now what am I supposed to tell you about that I don't know what what are you my supposed to say about that Did you think they got executed? Do I think they did how to hello wine? I said do I think the aunties are gonna want to paint it? I don't know My other problem yeah, do a wait a minute that's your problem I want I'd five I really I want to know what's going on there If I want to know who if you think it? No, you know wait a minute you see you wanted all five think well now I don't No, I don't know how to hello wine off. They're gonna get executed I hope not, but how do I know why would you call me as me about what if I think Because I don't I don't think that's why come and you're in do this show I stopped thinking five years ago. Okay. What's the second question? I hope it's not as morbid and depressing as that Okay, okay, what either you're about to browse the kitchen gloves. There's too many people So one there's too many people at the kitchen 12 you're not one of the kitchen club people are you? No, that how do you know there's too many people are? But I go but there's too many there's too many what people too many guys crowded if it is jam? Yeah, well just open the door and say jam this now I'll run on there like I had out of hell Okay, have a great life good day. Oh, this thing with a kitchen club. I must be missing something over there It's like off into corner. You know where the 21st street parking lot is there Across from wolfies and across from what what used to be the 21st street they closed it down that cinema In the corner there, it's the where the sea God used to be and they used to be a kosher restaurant It's been about under as a place called a kitchen club and I never knew what had a name and all the punky kids who can't squeeze in on South Beach At night, I guess the kids who are not fashionable enough dressers and good looking them up to go down on South Beach They all go in there and they like jam in there and they're like lined up and I don't know what goes on in there But according to a little joy probably a little grab as Hollywood hello hey, what to say on my right up there Am I lying on the computer? It just is Hollywood why is it supposed to say something special? Yeah, like this is Jeff the Mr. Music kid again Go remember me this time who a mr. Music kid mr. Music I Call you we have to explain this He's wrong or of course yes, I remember it just have no law just fun any a mr. Music All right, okay, I have all those green label cassettes in my house. Yeah, how do you like those? I have a listen to me Good don't I save up all that stuff for my retirement so in my dottering years I could listen to this isn't this great You know Hey, I'm my rock and cheer rock and on it Speaking of cable car. Yes, I'm gonna call you I had an eel in my fish tank. You had an eel in your pants Yeah, I called you during the trousers. I don't want to talk about eels and people with lizards and snakes I just I find that all just I don't he want he died he died. I thought of my cable car. It just was a big one You bought an eel with cable car and it died. Well, yeah, they now both Hannah wasn't in there. What do you bought it was he? No good you just have to be real careful with your water. You have to be careful with your eel Because if your eel gets into some bad stuff man it can die on you Hey listen I got that's a good lesson for all you punch out there if your eel gets into any bad thing It can die right on the spot. I need to make a disclaimer right now. You don't mind about Every time I get you have to call you they let me off or I'm at home sick And I put him in they let you off. I have a big job and And right now obviously I'm at home. So I called him sick today. I'm not feeling too good And I Call you I get I get what he calls black the next day you get black. Yeah, I go back and I was like Where you get planted the next day? Yeah, they get because they want you there Yeah, and they're like what you want you sick to call so I am sick. Thank you very much You almost stepped on Mick Jagger in the stone. You realize that I say I say you never liked that song you never liked under my thumb could be the best record they ever made Boy, did I do a good job on that or what oh What do you mean you keep seeing his face make face? Oh, I don't want to see his face. I like the music Okay, I don't want to see his ugly Up in your mind. No, it does not Maybe in your mind it does. Maybe that's why you're eel-byte Yeah, I was really broken up I would imagine you sound like it while it was broken up over there. I am wow how much was it? Oh, let's see thing was just under 30 bucks You went out and spent 30 bucks for a goddamn eel? Yeah, the big mori eel was really cool It was eating um other things in the tank which I like you know put a couple things in there. You know they bite it out and all that Mr. Music Mr. Seedist you must program always the kind of pose Neal it's a distance The food chain. Yeah, that's right as an eat this Thinking of our birds also which is your topic. I guess. Yeah. That's our topic today bird talk I've had two cognitails and I've had a forbite. I don't want to get in your personal life They're right under cockatoo Yeah, I got mixed they're like a I know what they are okay I've had them for about seven years And I might want to start off with one of those You know they're nice. They're not hard to take care of at first. You know if you like birds What a cockatoo Feel oh They're not even very expensive. I have a line that is so good, but like I said tomorrow's payday have a great day Mr. Music. Hey, thank you. I know I call somebody a day sure no problem to be And the One No, thank you. All the best I feel better 446 I said WIoG all the music all the time. Let's say the film at a KML school those three robbers and they're a singer too, right? Let's change the format to long talk ups and make their lives miserable Let's make a most they were never born Is a matter of fact, let's just take over the coast next door and place some really good music Somebody want to hear something I thought that was pretty good. Here's the payphone and the falls. No, yeah, how you doing sir? I'm doing okay Listen, um, is it a right if I say asshole? No, I'm serious. Why? I like to call two people asshole. Well, why do you want to do that? Well, because I think they're very close to you and you know the personal Oh Boy, Yuri boy carry yeah, and Mike Disney. Oh big jerk asshole, huh? Okay, I can't believe What they're doing to your radio show exactly there. They're messing with my life. That's my opinion I'm like this. I'm not gonna take it anymore, right? I mean, go in there and they pull the cart out When it comes, they come in and pull it out. They tell you what to play. What not to play? Right? I mean that cut I mean they go then they pull the trousers out cut No You need to do wrong with that cut right you know and then they start talking you can't play music on the trash right What will be next? And then we can't have any sample in a studio? You know, I know eating on the ear and I just really can't have no phone calls no phone calls No music no cards no microphone No, see the what they're trying to do is they're trying to knock don't you understand They're trying to knock my numbers down. I made my bonus again by a while and they don't like that See when we originally wrote the contract the bonus thing was set at the numbers so high they thought they were wise guys They figured no way in the world. He's ever gonna break us seven years 20 about a 50 It just isn't done on an AM station so they put a ridiculous and now I keep breaking normal stall at times So you have to pay me these big bucks and they don't like that So they're gonna do everything in their power to screw up the show so everybody stops listening They want they only want 35 to 100 basically they want people over the age of death listening because that's safe The traffic report sucks right and they're such an embassment The same thing that the audience has a nice view of minus infinity. They do realize That's why they have to say to realize these are the same jerks that do the traffic reports for life Right for waxing and they're just as screwed up on those days You're the only one those stations and it's like and it's like you know they make believe like it's their W D traffic report yeah like they're full on somebody like the thing with Mike Robertson Passed in some Robertson my pass like like he's fool like he's making our chain like we're so stupid That we don't know what's the same guy, right? Okay, I don't want you to have an action. Okay. I don't want to step on this lips. Yeah, right in his tongue I went to the outback steak out of here by the fall. There's open. Yes, and I went by the I didn't eat yeah, why not? Well, because I have to you know get paid first get that walk about Superman now. What is in there? Because I like the government of the man you know how it got the name when you look in there You see things that walk about not just a joke. No, there's you like cheese soup. Yes, you like onions too It all depends what's it just this onions and like spices and all and onions and cheese. Oh It's so good. I'm telling him oh I'm serious because it's creamy and it's real thick and it's You'll die you'll wish you had found this years ago Well, listen, I like to make another version of that Paynejo and La Punta Yeah, watch yourself. Okay. No, and it is just it's still a strange, but it goes this way. You ready? Paynejo and La Punta Which means I have a lot of chicken and look yeah, that's okay. That's all right I set up George Mark that down. We're gonna be a you'll be a star now and you can mark this one down too Right this one to your heart can can okay Boy Gary is not just an asshole. He's a phenomenon That's my opinion. I'm like this. Have a great life. Okay The best of Rogers continues in minutes News dog radio six-dend W-I-O-D This is out Florida news. Grab again. Weather