751 WIOD from day in Broward is 524WIOD on beat 655WIOD and Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD. The opinions expressed by the guest host of caller's do not necessarily those of the station. Now here's the O'Rotchers on New York Radio 10WIOD. The United States has no quarrel with the Iraqi people. Our quarrel is with Iraq's dictator and with his aggression. Iraq will not be permitted to annex Kuwait. Just the way it's going to be. We like to see the dark blue phase and hit him with a pie. This again was his head and soul like a male. Way to rise. He tried to steal away Kuwait. And he still used to be a last two young young. I'm two in bed and the way that he used to be. So I was so very happy that I wasn't sure there would be a place leading Big B surf in lukewarm water and I was so happy that I wasn't running crazy back in my life. Well, it's everybody happy that's all I want to know. It's 10-07. Look at that. If that's put in under dark glasses already. Wow. She wants to be in a show. What a miserable, murky day, huh? Just kind of the atmosphere. I feel like Sherlock Shilak Holmes in How to the Basketball Rills. Anyway, here we are. Just one big happy family. The book is out. We did pretty well. Can't complain here between the ten and two. And pretty damn well, as a matter of fact. In fact, usually when books come out and ratings, I want to dwell on those. But from here, instead of comparing to the last book, most people in the business, including agencies, look at the last corresponding period of time. In other words, from fall 89 to fall 90. So fall 89, they sure had a six. Fall 90, we got a six three. So I'm pretty happy about it. Good demographic. Send the people around there. Naturally, we have to keep reminding them. They have to have that fierce, rugged determination at a loyal IOD listenership, because if they don't, it turns into another one of these ethnic voting for this station of voting for that. And right away, all the ethnic stations have got like 90% shares and the rest of us have no audience, but nobody cares. And that's the thing you constantly have to work at at this in this market, because otherwise you're like, you could have like half the audience listening like we do right now. And if they don't care enough to send in their very best, nobody finds out about it. I know the reason we got half the audience is because this is basically when one talk host and one show can be the format for an entire radio station, then you know everybody in the world is listening to the show. And I think it's kind of interesting a concept all new all day. I think that would be a great bumper sticker. I mean, he's not on our station, but we talk about him all day because we know that he's like the crux of talk radio in the market and has been for last 15 years. And so if we just talk about him all day long and talk to him and harass him and abuse him and compliment him, just do a whole stick year down Neil, as they're doing over there on like Paul Bridio, then that's where it's said, Now I did something this morning that I haven't done it a long time. I called in on a talk show on another station. I haven't done that in years. In fact, I haven't even been inspired to do it in years. The reason I did it is because Well, there's a multitude of reasons market by the way is up 26 and a half points is those meetings go on in the middle east and they're hoping for the best so that's why the market's up, see what happens. I did it because I feel embarrassed for people, one of whom is a friend of mine, okay, norm can't say good friend of mine, in addition to being my attorney. And he's a good guy, he's got a heart of goal and he generally stands up for all of the things that I believe are right, you know, like freedom of speech and a first to remember all of all of good stuff. I told him this a days ago before he ever embarked upon this all Neil all day format that he's a man he love and kisses that he is in an impossible situation. So when because he is part of the manipulated masses over there and no matter what happens, he's eventually got to come down on their side. So anyway, I finished ten minutes on a year within this morning. In response to all of this Charles peak aka Bato and Alice Randall so this time. And at eight o'clock, like three seconds after his news came on, I had to say bye bye my phone race he's back on a phone. And I'm I'm excruciating him for the lack of balls in terms of just saying things on a year that he knows aren't true that he told me the opposite. I've spoke to him about six times the last two days the first time just tried to fight out who this group was and let's go back mainly my history of this morning has nothing to do with norm or L or any of that situation it has to do with pop and o park. Where I was last night and I'm not beginning to realize the reason when I had my stroke back in April. It was after a very depressing frustrating evening. Not an idea lost a lot of money. I didn't lose a lot of money last night and Kelly Shepherd. Thank you. Kelly had a winter last night. Seven to one when I better be was bet down to nine to five so it didn't exactly get rich but at least thank goodness for Kelly Shepherd. Okay, it's a good guy. And I don't know how to say the things I want to say about some of those people out there in horse racing in general, that just did pop and o park because they put a dark mark on a sport that I happen to love dearly. And by their antics out there and what they do to the public they damaged the ability even with good PR people like Alan Finkelson or Joe Tanabama Roy slant off any of the others. People that go out there and do grow test things are put dead meat on a racetrack for the public to burn their money on it's it's an embarrassment. It's embarrassing so I want to talk about that in a minute and I really don't know where to start so let's start by taking a break because I got so many things we've got to cover today we may not be able to do it in four hours right. We may have to have Steve orchestrates some guests for us because that's another thing he believes that he's going to book the guests not only over there but over here too he's back to that old business. I'm going to work as straight to show and you really you know have no guts if you don't have this guy and it like somebody writes me a letter so they're in criticize which are read on the year how many times have I read letters on the year many many times over the years from goofballs. Well not recently but you know over the years several. Does that man going to invite these people on the year to attack me for four hours see I don't do contract controversy Steve I don't have guests. I have like al goldstein Tom jica and Bill Cosford that's three that I can count and Hank will stop in once in a while so maybe I got like four or five people a year. Who coming on his show I don't do that kind of a show so there's no reason for me to bring in somebody here in stage a contrived debate because Steve thinks it would be exciting and make good. Contrived radio. But I do like the concept of all Neil all day but I do want my call it is I want I O D and my picture on the bumper stick is Steve it's 1013 at W I O D spelled it right. That's W I ostracized D and will be right back. 1016 at W I O D on this whether we're a Camilla sauce total 107 thousand. 821 dollars and the it'll continue trickling and I'm hoping we get to a least I haven't been 10 would be nice even number. By our deadline next the next Tuesday. A lot of deadlines on a 15th I guess ours isn't quite as important as he used to be. Anyway, where do I start now a lot of our audiences totally in the dark on this because they can't pick up like Paul Brady. Especially if they live in Dave County or parts of Palm Beach. And I got this letter in the mail couple days ago in the one to two hour and I had no idea who the person was from was on a letterhead from a. An organization called guard incorporated and a very first paragraph says the guard organization was created a strike back at those who shamed the homosexual community. And the actions are intended to inject into society that if one casts the gay community in a negative light we will go after them with a vengeance. And that goes on to talk about things I say on the air and expressions I use etc etc. But it would start right up as we're going to go after them with the vengeance and the not so veiled threat is there that if I don't. And I'm not a wonder and stop using this expression or do an ad or whatever that they're going to come after me with the vengeance. So okay and I'll write on the air and I said it was a bunch of crap and it was I left here two days ago I called norm can't his office on a way home from my car. Because he generally knows who these various organizations are in a different people and sure of he knew that Charles Peak was a guy whose real name is Charles Beto by the way who was involved in a supposed organization. And I had like three or four members and we really have a dozen people and they were going after people with his opinion really had no right to be gone after his deserve to be and that they were misguided and he wasn't too fond of him. At that point the next day I came on yesterday and I mentioned it what for like four seconds in the beginning of the show because basically yesterday we're talking about the dolphins and ratings were coming and we had a lot of stuff going on. Briefly we had a full board of calls one of the lines was flashing George was talking to somebody on my knife picked it up and here's a guy who identifies himself as the same author of this letter. For a couple of seconds I tore it along with me thought it was talking to George he wants to speak to Neil and papa Pompani wrote me to letter then he finally after 30 seconds realized he's talking to me. At that point he says well if you're if you're going to adopt this attitude about it I'm going over to FTO right now I'm going out with Alran Tell and papa in there he was gone. There wasn't any discussion about my bringing him on the air for debate because I have no idea desire or interest or intention. There's nothing to debate he's not going to tell me what my humor is going to be he's not going to accuse me of being a homophobic gay. I made that just lunacy to begin with because it's ridiculous I don't know what he wants to accuse but obviously he's got problems. At least that's my opinion. So that was my that was our involvement with it starting around noon. And after that point off the you're during the news break a norm can't call. Normally is a lawyer good friend of my also does mornings on FTO and norm I got to tell you. I'm not even going to repeat it because I said it before you won't listen to me. I mean you listen over there and between trying to I mean we have problems getting the traffic guys on the air because they're not there. But I mean the technical the abortive things that are going on in the name of being a radio station. It's embarrassing. It's like the king Paul school abroad casting which has been going on ever since he's owned that station by the way. I mean it's like a laughing stop to joke. Technically and in many other ways and I you know I feel for guys because I know what it's like to have to go through that. We have our own technical things here once in a while but never in our wildest days. In the league with the stuff that goes on over there it's like it's like trying to put it together when the director said can we still say that. Directors so anyway I get to call and he said it wasn't the guy who was on a phone call you and the papa and he's going to go on with the al at some time in the future and like much to do about nothing. Then comes to find out and then I've started getting a friend of calls both on and off the air. This guy's on the air up there they're doing a number on you and let me say this right up front. I've been attacked I've been abused I'm not making a martyr man. I can handle I've been handling it here for 15 years. Okay. The only thing I do is it when people do it I come back I strike back. I don't sit here like a whim. For five years or five minutes if I feel a rich worth responding to I do it. That's all because I don't sit you know life is too short to take a lot of crap. From anybody that's why my one message for everybody don't take crap. Whether it's where you work whether it's a Tom just don't take crap from anybody. And I don't and that's one of my main philosophies in life I won't do it. And here is this ongoing bashing which evidently our intel now has had the muzzle taken off he's no longer muscled by Jefferson pilot he no longer has an excuse for being a whip. So now he's got a really bunch up and strike back at what at the fact I called him Alice and played a little song and made made mockery of him over the past many years. Same stuff I did by the way when we worked together on that radio station which didn't seem to bother him at all then. But evidently in the interim in between has noded at his conscience and his being just tremendous evidently. And in his mind the way of responding is not to go on a year into compete because he can't do that we've already went around on that when I was at I in scene he was at NWS and I had a nine share and he had a 270 can't compete. Or do a productive show or do something interesting the way to do it is to invite somebody not to do it himself even. But let's bring his good friend Charles Bato aka Charles peak on a year to attack Neil Rogers as being as using these terrible phrases and being a bad role model and maybe indirectly. Cause teenage gaze to commit suicide because they have a negative impression about themselves etc. A bunch of crap goes without saying a pile of crap. Every time I turned on yesterday and obviously the reasons I did even in the house which had not heard of for me to turn after the emotional guiding light with Reeva Zoveur and Italy I mean who can believe that she floated across the Atlantic she's alive and Italy allegedly. And after that I turned on and here again it's all Neil all day and as I was on my way home you know one thing about Steve. When you're full of it at least be consistently full of it and he is full of crap just never it's like opening up a faucet and the washer gets broken and you can't shut it off like the valve is broken and it just comes flowing out and never stops like a toilet that never stops running. The amount of lies and mistrues that you hear in one day coming from that place more than most of us hear in a lifetime and I hear a lot and I tell a few occasionally too. What it's necessary. But the idea that boy Gary and Disney are going there into brakes and try to get Neil to stop talking about us and I hear that from my answer. Let me say this maybe you don't lie Steve maybe just to I'll be very generous maybe you're in a formance in his building just have bad information they're feeding you. Mike Disney and boy Gary and nobody in the buildings ever ever come to me and said don't talk about it to y'all don't talk about Steve King don't talk about anything there's only one person and one subject matter we don't discuss everybody knows who and everybody knows why. All the way did get a chance to mention him on here on the phone this morning over there which is kind of exciting. I may call it more often in the morning. 10 23 a w out you let's do a break and it will come back because I got I got a lot to say and I know that I'm lining and I'm a martyr and I get a bunch of crap out okay. Now there's only one thing I can say to you and I say it from the bottom of my heart. But you're up. I'm here yesterday you know here again man who's really a part of the community mr. Mr. Payne Mr. Ego. And I'm sure that Neil it's always something that Neil would do you know not just it's always the average person out there the fan but always we got to bring Neil into it too. He may be a fan but if you paid him $5,000 he just assumes he the dolphins lose the game this way. Now first of all that's got to be the most ass-in-nothing of it's an excuse for not being a fan of your local professional team that's all that is. And hey if you're more interested in cash and a bet more power till you you're not a fan you're entitled okay that's not where I'm coming from. I mean if that's the case it would be like the cubs play a hundred sixty two games every season that would be like somebody said to me every day the season would you rather have $5,000 today or you rather see the cubs lose. Um, hey five thousand times hundred sixty two at the end of the season I could buy the cubs okay then I would have to worry about it. As a night ridiculous. I don't even know where to start. I mean I could do like the whole four hours I could do a monologue and I don't even know if it's worth it because I'm dignifying you got to understand the all-neal all day. There would be those people would say what you should just totally ignore them because nobody's even listening I hear the old. Jan from a hollywood this morning I hear it and here all this stuff has gone on here. I was it called in there Alice called in for 20 minutes norm is hysterically. He's telling me one thing on a phone off the year. He's called me at home then he comes back on says just the opposite oh yes the system organization that there are fledgling organisms have changed my mind. I had dinner with that last night. And then off the air he's telling me something entirely different he says yeah you're right it's not a group in his guys a bad guy but and norm just you know again you're caught in between a rock and a hard place. And you got to take sides over there because you you're there you're on the air over there you can't tell the truth. You can't repeat on a year what you said to me off the year because that would spoil a whole party that would ruin all day all new all day radio. And I don't care then bother me personally I can handle it. But the only reason I called in there and there we are we as I'm talking about it today I'm just not going to see I believe in setting the record straight and see in my piece what I feel like it. Not sitting back and saying oh people are muscling me for five years and now I want to get even know I want to get time for him to start taking the abuse what abuse. Here's a guy who got dragged out of the closet yesterday kicking screaming. And didn't even do it in a positive way like I tried to do year 16 years ago or what a 14 years ago didn't even try to do that. It's just like oh you want me to say it okay I'm gay wow what a statement that's standing up and being counted. So between Steve and his good buddy Charles PKK beto they accomplished what they wanted in the midst of all this all new all day they dragged out of the closet. Big deal what does it mean. I mean it's an empty thing at this point it means nothing. So what did it accomplish? And I want to say something else too I know a lot of people in this business I have friends who are closet people. And for their own personal reasons have every desire to remain in a closet and in some cases they need legitimate need to be in a closet. Fine I would never in a million years dream of hinting or saying we're suggesting. Because it's really nobody's business but when somebody comes on a year week after week and day after day and is sticking one toe in and one toe out one day the door is open the next day it's shut well and naturally people are going to joke about it. I mean anybody in the audience to whom yesterday's announcement was staggering by Alice I mean has to be deaf dumb blind and like an ostrich have his head buried in a semi got to be in a dream world. A lot to know by now. So it's an empty statement it's meaningless. So it'll bring your gay activists on here lecturing to me about standing up and being counted and not being making inflammatory remarks. Here's the same guy who used to refer to me time and time again as instead of king of talk radio queen of talk radio does that bother me I think it's funny all quite frankly when Alice says it comes across as petalent and bitchy but I think it's funny. Then bother me. And who yesterday in the midst of a heated three way debate on the phone can try to call with Steve and Norm and now. Ends the call by saying he's the biggest faggot of them all. See okay so in other words when Al refers to me or anybody is queen or faggot that's okay and I'm sure that his good friend Charles P. Kez no problem with that. But if Neil makes jokes about being a middle age fag queen or something like that then right away we're going to go after him with a vengeance because he's sitting the bad example and kids are going to bowl their brains up. It's ridiculous it's pathetic it's sad. Twenty after four yesterday afternoon and afternoon drive on Florida's talk leader they play back to back PSA's. Post came on and was whining that there wasn't a person on the there wasn't a call on the board. I wonder why maybe all the all day ain't going to work you know. It's just amazing to me. The paranoia the petting is the it's a there's a way to win in this business that's to compete put something on the air that people want to hear. Be funny be interesting be informative be entertaining be something. But don't be bitchy. Don't just sit there and wine. Oh I took this for a fight took what took what. All the other people I take shots at all that we have a line at the doors or anybody up there outside upset. It's Sally out there a sharpening up her batteries. I mean I don't think so. You got to grow up and be a big boy or whatever sooner or later. So Alice you know and again we look at these numbers yesterday and like I said hey they just change format but the fact is these been there two months. He's talking about his whole deal is let's talk about Neil and let's tell everybody how bad Rick and Sugs are. I would have reminds me of the clandestine dinner that I was sucked into a joy reenels and. Russell wasis were you hear that when I went on. When joy was still doing that abortion on Saturday. Under the guys of some other business deal I get sucked into this dinner and then the whole purpose of the meeting is for me to go to boy Gary and try to get joy after you drive and get Rick and Sugs fire because they're terrible. I thought they were fine. I think they're fine now. I think the audience loves them. Not the whole audience. They got a big part of my audience loves them and a lot of people listen to them hate me like poison. That's radio. That's life. That's entertainment. That's showbiz. So Steve got the same mentality that if he keeps coming on repeating it over and over again every day that will make it a fact in everybody will buy it. Markets up 30 points. And it won't. It just won't. I mean there's got to be more stuff. I mean I know we got to your and lady on which I'm sure everybody's probably doing bottoms up like this all excited about who cares. In other words you can't I mean I do stuff in the course of a show day in and day out. There are a few people I haven't taken shots. That's part of my stick. That's what I do. But that's kind of like the adhesive between all the components of whatever we talk about. That isn't the whole show. When's the last time I invited somebody on the show for two, three, four hours to bash somebody. Can you ever in 15 years that I've been on this market? I've never done it. Can you say the same Steve or Alice? Of course not. Because quite frankly if I want to bash somebody I can do it myself I don't need to invite somebody I'll sign up pretend that they're doing it. In addition to which when I take a shot at January last like 30 seconds and I may come back do it a couple of times. That's it. But we have a new format in a market in Broward County called All Neal Radio all day yesterday a guy calls in to Steve says, what do you think about the meeting tomorrow? What meeting? In other words we're so and the guy says what are you talking about? Is this the year on the verge of war they're having this big meeting in the middle of the middle east? Oh, and again these are the people who rip us because we're supposed to be so mindless and we have no substance and Rick and Suds are silly and their ratings are dropping and pop pop pop. At the same time six days before we might blow the whole world up next Tuesday or shortly thereafter they're talking about Neal Rogers all day. And what he should say or he shouldn't say anything and should he say Alice on a radio that to me is a great topic to take about 15 hours on a year. And what is it going on serious humorous in between Alice it seems to me kind of epitomizes our times. Isn't that what you're thinking about? Isn't that what's on your mind? Is Alice? It's embarrassing. Like I said the other day it's like somebody handed the keys to a radio station to a bunch of juvenile said, hey, hey, go play radio. And normally tell you're playing radio. I mean you're not on a radio. You're not radio. You're just playing it. I mean you're lost. You're like the Titanic struggling at sea. And I hear Jack smiles calling. I've talked to Jack smiles in years these old worn out voices over the edge of a hundred. Hard eggs and heart breaks, heart breaks and heart that's what they got it's like when GBS tried to go talk and they had a signal. I have a tremendous signal which is not radio mobby. And all he had was all the old misfits who had been just tossed out Sam, all those craggy old voices who would warn they're welcome out even with the stations they're what like sand even sandy wouldn't talk to them anymore. That's saying a lot. And they all wound up over there with their point eights and point threes in our ministry and you can say ratings don't count but I got news for it. No greetings me no audience no audience means no business. I mean you can go out with a lot of flash and get some funeral spots on air for wild stuff like that. Well I hear 2 PSA's back to back in the middle of afternoon drive. I have to begin to wonder just if all Neil all day is working or not. 1036 a W. I. O. D. Your ostracized station for the 90s and will be right back. I see it up my type 1038. Excuse me a W. I. O. D. Markets up 32 and a half points just put you up man. He will send you over to you with Alice. I think it like I could do a 20 hours on this because just so amazingly transparency of people are so full of crap. And just spew crap like it's come like I said like it's coming out of a broken faucet. On and on with the stories in the. It's no credibility whatsoever and another thing you know Steve likes to make this big deal about well Neil won't challenge anybody to a space he's basically a coward. I'll take on anybody and invite people to call in to bash me and he does the same thing over there did it end WS he did here for two years whatever was here. Every time anybody calls and is going to challenge him it's always. Any hang up on you know they're on for like 14 seconds and he does the mouth breathing if then says of course they must be reconcered people it's amazing how many of them are over here. Some of Marmouth breeds it but some of them quite frankly sound like pretty articulate people but as soon as he picks up on the fact that they're not going to jump on the bandwagon it. You know the same sound I mean least come up with a new sound. And he becomes the mouth breather and they disappear. So I don't like you know back in the days when I did controversy did the topical crap. I had on every religionist every minister every priest who would they let on a show which was many every rabbi. I had on tremendous numbers of people disagree we had a lot of great discussions back in fourth. But Neil is a coward one minute Neil is brilliant woman at Neil is a coward. Neil is this Neil is at Neil is great Neil is terrible Neil is interesting Neil is boring Neil talks too much about sports but Neil makes sports interesting Neil's funny. Neil Neil that's it that's the radio station that they've developed over there the thousand what all Neil all day the message is Neil is interesting we got to talk about them because everybody listens to them and we're concerned. That's their message. Period nothing else. said. Now I come with great. I don't know how to go into this. Because I am I was again I a lot of things that I omit over the years because I don't want to create a problem and I love horse racing I love hardest racing I have all these a permutual sponsors I love poppino park I love Alan Finkelson people up there treat me well. For years you know you try to tell people certain things they refuse to listen to you. When there are people who have larceny in their hearts and you allow them to keep coming back and stiffing the public I have to become upset I become very upset. Or people who put horses out on racetracks that from looking at with the human eye looked like they're okay they were mup okay and then they race like a hundred lines behind the field and people have put their harder and dollars behind them. It's got to stop. And I also want to convey a message by the way because the last two seasons at poppino and I love harness racing I've been a fan for 32 years I used to own horses and Detroit I mean I really do love it. A lot. It's a great sport. And there are some tremendous people in it. I've been in the past two seasons I've singled out. Kid named Jeff Gregory who drove an upstate in the York which is where I'm from I saw him drive in the TV and Hamburg for a couple summers when I went with vacation. I read about his success at Vernon Downs he'd been tremendous up there and he had some successes down here. Jeff you're making a fool of yourself. You drive in horses out there that couldn't that I could that Spencer could be around the track. I don't know what what's going on with this kid. Seriously and I think it's a shame because he's a talented kid but he's taking catch drives on horses that are just no local tendery from the start. They start seven lights behind the field and they work their way backward. And I'm not blaming him for the condition of the horse. There was a horse in the 10th race at Poppino Park last night called Jeff saw some driven by Jeff Gregory for the first time. Who won two races ago in 159 and won with a good last quarter 29 and 2. 13 days later the same horse came out on a track driven by Don Harmon is an outstanding driver by the way. Finish night distance night by 18 lengths at the three quarter pole night distance with me likes 40 50 lengths behind the field. And it was a pretty fast time in a race you look at the field and you say he was only 6 to 1 in the morning line he's dropping down to company. And I have a shot in here. Good driver. Racer is going to go about 2 seconds slower which it did by the way it went 159 and 2. Or started out last backed up at the half to about 50 lengths behind the field. By the time they came to the top of the stretch the horse looked like he was from the previous race. The night before when the lights were out. Now some of you French Canadian folks out here who put this dead meat on a track. Bad business. It's going to stop. And I'm not just talking about it. I'm talking about a the per mutual. This kind of stuff is is outrageous. What I watch racing from the metal lanes on a satellite. A lot of things they do they keep talking about the fact they want to protect the public. They keep doing. They want to protect the horse men and the horses and the owners and all that. But they want to protect the public. Now when you want people to come out. You didn't involve in investing their hard earned dollars for sport whatever it is, whether it's betting on whatever. Protecting the public has to be the utmost. And when you allow people to do these kinds of things. Spencer you got to close that door. Okay. I'm doing a radio show. You got to you must close the door because people are talking in the hallway. And I'm being serious about this. I didn't lose a lot of money last night. Well, under under a 100 bucks for me that's like winning. I should be ecstatic. I was furious. I was like one of those shouting people in the last race because the same trainer puts a horse on a track in the last race. And wins the last race. In a race where Richard Kent goes to have in a $1,500 per in 50, 64. To park out the favorite. Even my an idea but the race so I have the last to grind. fat rich had a bet so I sat around and rooted for him. 56 and four richard where were you gone baby? He finished eighth by thirty lines by the way, richard can't I just thought I'd point that out. And I ordinarily don't even mention these things because I friends and the sponsor and all this, but there's got to come a time. Look, if you want people to come out, if you want to get new people to come out, if you want to be enthusiastic, cut the crap. Take people like that, haven't come and pick up their papers and get them out of there and cut the crap. Let's have competition. And if these things are going to continue to be an insider's game, then hey, people aren't going to come out and put their heart on dollars down. That's all I can tell you. Anyway, did I say anything? Okay, 1045, a WID. You know, all the data lines are lit. IOD star, IOD is lit. Broward lines wide open. So I guess they're probably over there now, right? They probably got what's his name on again. What is his name? Which one is good today? 524WID and Broward, 751 and D, star IOD and a star line, 655WID in Palm Beach. North Miami Beach. What do I know? I'm kind of feeling this thing, but I'm not out to do that at all. You're what? I'm kind of, I guess I'm kind of feeling something. I'm not the answer. But I listened just one time over there today and you're right. It was everything that said was about you. And I didn't want to hear that at all. I want to first move to our movie. I turned on this morning and he's talking about me. That seems to be the whole topic of conversation on a radio station. Oh, I think we're all Broward lines working, by the way. I've been sitting here waiting for a way out of the way. We have flipped over there on my radio. It barely came in, of course. But he came in anyway. And they're already talking about what you said about the ratings. I have minutes ago. I mean, that's amazing. You know, it's said about, he's getting, you get a nine. He gets, he's already talking about that. Really? Well, how is he? How is he have time to be catching up with me? Well, I was on the year. I've not understand that. I have no idea. I thought it was the most amazing thing in the world. But anyway, I was just going to say, you know, I've been here just about a year now that I've been living in Miami. And it took me a while to get used to your show because I've not used to quite anything like this kind of radio because I came from Texas. Well, it's different. It is. What have I did in Texas? You know, I'm a talk radio about phone. I really enjoy it. I've called you a couple of times. But I really enjoy, you know, I enjoy your stick. I enjoy what you do. I enjoy, you know, I've gotten to enjoy your, you know, your mylog and your, you know, you got some great comedy and things like that. I'm really getting bored with the talking about them. I mean, you're number one in the market. You know, let me say this. Let me say this to you. Okay. I make little comments about them. I haven't dwelt on them. But when they take almost entire broadcast day yesterday and invite a guy on to do a hatchet job for three hours in exchange for my calling, Alrentel Alice, which I think is just a little bit of, like, like stepping on a mosquito with an elephant. Yeah. I'm going to respond to it. Okay. I understand. I don't plan on talking about them and given them. And frankly, they ought to send me a big check because the only publicity they have gotten is thanks to me. Well, that's what Steve's 1.3 after being there for two months. That would probably be about a point six if I hadn't given them all the publicity. If I had an allowed them to call in on a year and promote his show before he came back to the market. So I've been very gracious to them and especially to Caine. Yeah. And, you know, hey, what can I tell you? Well, like nothing else to talk about, I guess. I'm like that. I'm very competitive. I don't let anybody talk about me without getting my shot back at him. Yeah, I'm all, you know, you didn't see what they want. And this bit about, well, I don't respond while the criticism, hey, I've been, I've been, uh, you ought to see the mail I get some days. Then bother me. I'm used to it by now. But that does mean I'm not going to respond if I feel I want to. Well, I just kind of hope that, you know, you'll get it. You'll get it out of your system. Then go back to your show. I think, you know, you should let, in a way, I guess, you know, you admitted earlier. He kind of isn't manipulating your show right now. And I'll, oh, he's not manipulating my. Well, I mean, he's kind of, he's kind of setting your format for the day. But I understand, you know, I would get my say into that. So back tomorrow, you'll go back to your show and do your thing. I think it's great. OK. Thanks. Thanks. 1048. We have an open line of data. All the Broward lines are open. So I guess they've got all the Broward audience. That's good. Good job, guys. All new all day is working. Five, two, four, those lines working. And Broward. And we're going to get it. No, wait a minute. What does that mean? Only line four. I was sitting here with a dead, no wonder our phones aren't lighten up. And Broward, we got a dead bunch of phones. And I'm not so sure that one's working. That's incredible. So I take back what I said about them being a technical disaster, because we have no excuse. This is incredible. Let me just try something OK. Palm Beach ain't working either. It is your honor, hold on. OK, there, another example. Remember yesterday, we had a guy in a phone who wasn't lit up in Broward. Our phone systems all screwed up. Now, how can isn't this interesting? How do we have a conversation with people who know what I'm talking about? Because the only people who are here over there are in Broward and none of our Broward lines are working. You follow what I'm saying? These other people in, oh, what they all I'm talking about. They're thinking, what is, what's going on over there? What is this light bulb he's talking about? We can't even see it. It's not even flickering by us. Flickering this. Remember my friend, Flickering? But why is it way to minute? How do you dial it? Just a second. Now, here we go. Here's the bat line. Let's see, you want? Five, four, four, four, three, four. Yeah, you get a busy signal. They're all the whole Broward Bank of Lines is dead. Now, does that come as an interesting bizarre occurrence? How is that possible? You may get a tone on there, but it won't ring. You get a busy signal when you dial it. Poor hay. You won't ring. Oh, man, it is just a pain. It's so great. I want to go back to the track. Can we put a couple more races on? Bring back that horse from the tenth race. I think he's finishing. Here he comes. Hey, hit him, Jeff. Let's have Roger drive him. Hey, listen, it couldn't be any worse. Believe me. You remember the horse that Rick Shaw drove? That's how this horse was in the, what race was it? Whatever the hell race it was last night in the tenth race. Just like that one. In the stretch, he wasn't walking. He was on his hands and knees. What, there's somebody on that line? Well, how the hell did that happen? Are you there? Yes, I am. Well, how did that happen? Well, you said a few minutes ago. You don't take any crap life to short. Yeah. OK, and the same breath you said except from one person. I mean, what does it take to get into that one person's class? That you said that you don't discuss. In other words, if somebody pressures you that much faster. Sir, let me say this to you. I heard your call this morning with Norm Kent. I didn't call Norm Kent. Yeah, you did. I heard your call this morning and don't waste your time with me. OK. It's a waste your time. Let me say it again. This radio station in this company spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees. I took two years of crap and we decided that point. We weren't going to take it. Now, if you want to do it, I'll be more than happy off the air to give it the gentleman's name, phone number, and address all the wood isn't the directory. And you can start up. OK, you can make yourself into a mortar. We choose not to do it. 1052 at WIOD, one of those people who hasn't considered low-check because you'd rather have a car alarm. Well, let me ask you the item of May. Southern Belle continues setting new lows in a history of broadcasting and communication. The Mitch tells me that the phone system all over the building is screwed up. Now we got braward calls coming in, but they won't flash, but they're actually people on them. So they will work. I don't know why because when I dialed it, it was done and busy and it was nothing going out. So, well, thumb-blarway along is where used to, used to doing. Broward, hello. Hello, hello. Hi. Yes. I know I've been trying for the last 20 minutes to get through. What were you getting? I was getting busy singles and it was hanging up and it just kind of weird stuff. Yeah, thanks a lot, Southern Belle. Nice work. Right, exactly. They're the worst. They really are. I've gone through this for 15 years and is town all the different stations I've worked at and what they do to people. They ought to be hung for what they do. Nice aesthetic. And then these people talking about you and everything else. I think you're great. And I know that. I'm not looking, I'm not looking for people to call and say I'm great. I do very well here. I got a big lawyer audience, which is why they're talking about me all day because they want to siphon off that audience. And hey, it's his transparent. Like I've always said with Steve, his whole act is his transparent as look into your opinion glass. Right, exactly. And so, they haven't got anything better to do than talk about you than they very much friends or anything now. Okay, man. I'm going to like this. Clean out your own glasses before you talk about somebody else. Okay, have a nice day. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Good job, you know. Yeah. And this one, like, I'm beginning with the dolphins this weekend. And I just want to, you think we should. I'm beat them. And that's no. If we could beat them, yeah, we should be the okay, 60 nothing. Miami. Yeah. Yes. How you doing? It's like one of the very first callers. I think, let's set a bath in the better. Don't think giving him. Oh, hey, listen, I don't want to. I don't want to. I think we got to talk about them for four hours today. I just said my piece and I also talked about a couple other things. I'm not going to just sit and not respond like some kind of a jellyfish. Okay. We're talking about a bitchy silly person over there who can't go on a year and compete and do a job and get an audience. So his whole thing has got to be, well, the excuses. I was muscled for five years and he picked on me. It's like a little kid in the sandbox. It's embarrassing. It's embarrassing. You'll keep doing what you're doing. We enjoy it. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. 10. 58. What do we got our rickons? Of course, we know that rickons are juvenile and soft amoric and their ratings are don't as happy as what they're doing great. And you know what? I looked at the fall numbers as compared to last year and they're the same as they were last year. And Mr. Eagle was here from most of the book. And then the interim, they've been a lot better than what he had last summer. A lot better. So what are we talking about? Again, talk is cheap. Anybody can go on here. So, oh gee, you don't want chocolate caramel ice cream. It sucks. You go out and you taste the thing. Hey, this is great because somebody says it doesn't make it so. News from around a planet top 10 trash headlines with rick and put this afternoon. Ray Bentley, linebacker of the Buffalo bills would be the guest on sports talk tonight at 605. The Hank Goldberg, 8 to 11 tonight, bigger than life, more ways than one. By the way, Hank's leaving kind of a smart me messing who knows that in the morning. Oh man, get reenairy back in here. So Roger has to clean it up. Anyway, who we got? And we got that good old Hank Henry Barrow who gave us the courage to win that game on Saturday against Kansas City. Henry's here with 11 o'clock news. We'll come back on all Bicci radio at 11.05. Stick around. It's going to get a lot worse. Get him again. Come on, whip him. One more time, Jeff. Oh. Who's talk radio 610WIOD presents the The O'Roger Show. To get in touch and talk with Neil, dial 751WIOD from day. In Broward is 524WIOD. Palm Beach 655WIOD. And bell-top mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star. The O'Roger show is the highest high O'Roger show. Now here's Neil Rogers, a new dog radio 610WIOD. Yeah, it sure does. I'll show you a place to fit it. Oh, excuse me, Henry. It's 11 o'clock 6. Henry, would you clean up your act? No, I can't. I really can't. Well, give it a shot. Anyway, the phones are working out. Look at Chuck Meyer running up in Dados. He's doing a roe Bicci hour one. What a maniac. Do you see that? God, he must be trying out for the pirates. You play for his base. He could be for his base and second base and third base. And all his base in between that was brutal. So the phones are working out. We got a couple of calls in there. Like four, it's not too exciting. I get the feeling. And correct me if I'm wrong. I mean, feel free to call in and be programmed. I don't think our audience is interested in any of this crap. You know what? And maybe that one guy was right. Maybe I got sucked in to a whole bunch of stuff. And we have possible. I made a lot of mistakes. But coming in this morning was one. But even so, I'm still going to say my piece. Okay, it's just because I feel it's appropriate. And I want to say, and I said it, that's it. We have two open lines in Broward 524Wild. One in Pombie 655 9463655Bitchy. Waterhill. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was lifting yesterday. So you're a good friend over there. I need to say that you have no balls. And if you have covered you high behind the microphone. Yeah, I speak up, sir. I can't hear you. Oh, I'm sorry. Put your. Yeah, you said you hide behind the microphone. Which could be the name? Which could friend is this? What could friend is this? Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Wow. It's kind of the shortage not to be honest with us. I matter of fact we're going to see if we can't send mail order for a couple, but we're working on it. Yes. You're more bushing. I'm hoping I'd play a couple of bebees in it. That was about the best we could do. I didn't. Wait a minute. I just wanted to make one comment. Is this the phone's all working now? Cause this is a really weak start, okay. And we just turned off the whole audience. We'd like to subtly struck it here. No. Yeah. Can't imagine. a whole lot of things. They're not working. They're all screwed up. See, now I feel better because if there's an excuse for it, I can understand, but after going through such a melodramatic first hour, if the phones were working and I get shine, then I got to feel like, hey, you know, I'm playing with my marbles or my... No, you're just a little bit. You'll know. You'll be able to work in working because that's one of how it took place. Well, you remember Humphrey Bogart and Ken Newton, you said, did you see that movie? I think so, but I was young when I came. Captain of the ship, but he was looking for the strawberries and he was crazy. And he kept rolling those steel balls. Oh, yeah, right. You got to hang out of those balls, pal. Otherwise, it's like a security blanket. Alright, Steve. And of course, if somebody takes them away, man, you're really upset. Yeah. My dogs have been talking to me about that too lately, but... Well, maybe you could get them wooden ones. There you go. Neil, keep doing what you're doing. Don't give them no cut thought. I can, if I leave Broward County, I can't hear the stupid idiot. I know, that's why I feel bad because people in date County need an interpreter. KT can come in here and interpret. He knows what's going on up there. He's only too old coming from our sales department and do a little number on Steve. A steel? They're good buddies. Yeah, wow, he's not selling. He's talking about Steve. Hey, listen, have a great day, sir. And just remember 400 years from now, who'd to help give a crap, right? That's correct. See, fine. Good point, I think. Well, I said it. It's 1109 at WIOD. Be sure, pass that along over there, so I can repeat it. It's 1109 at W all-neal all day. We have an open line at Broward. Are they working now? See, I think what you need to do is pick him up once in a while, and I'm not going to KT. Who's in there disturbing our radio show. Well, we're having a little phone problem this morning. I'm not trying to get picky, but the phone is something like watch. Hello. Hello. See, there's somebody on here. Wasn't ring. I told you, Jack, ass. Oh, not you, sir. Hello, Neil. Uh-huh. How are you doing? Okay. That's a Joe Rogers from the Gold Ocean Mile. How are you doing, Joe? Yes. Listen, Neil. Wait a minute, hold on. I'm going to go over to Alan Finkelson. If that horse ever runs again at Papadopark, I'm going to burn it to the ground. Go get the Joe Tanam bomb. He'll take him to hell. There he go. Come on, KT, butcher up. Boy, yeah. People are starting to talk. What is it? Listen, Neil. Papaditch is open as a working 655 WITT. Try it. Try it. That might work. Yeah, Joe. Neil. Hello. Yeah, I'm here. Don't panic. I'm not panic. You're on a year, briefly. Yeah, in the your friend Steve Payne is panicking. Why? I think he's losing his investment to avoid that station. His investment, what was that? You know, he was able to pay for that. I heard he had to give King Paul like 14 Jose consucos to get him. No, no, no, no. I think he gave his $50,000. I got to it. That's his severance pay. Oh, wouldn't that be enough? You know that. You think. Oh, I sure hope he had Louis Crowe. Don't call that. Not the tubes together. Wouldn't that be desperate? I think he's going down the drain. Plus I have. I don't hear much advertising. I heard there's a funeral parlor, a couple of car spots. I heard PSA's in drive time. That's a bad sign. You know, bad sign. I didn't get a lot of flash there. We thought he was selling up a store. But I think it was mostly as usual. Lots of BS. He tried to pull a promotional. All eyes. No cash. I hope he didn't suck you in on it. Okay, sir. Well, we don't want to get personal. Have a great day, Joe. Thank you. You're bad. A time. Don't call again. Call over there. It's 11 after 11 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in Broward. We've got the four. Now the lines are cooking. Aren't they? Now we've got a working. Guess what? Just won't we get in there. W.I.O.D. Hold on. See, it wasn't even planned. These folders scrolled up. I don't want to get excited. But Southern Bell sucks. To hell with the light bulb radio and to hell with horses that can't walk. Let's do four hours on Southern Bell. What was that about? What happened? What happened? W-I-O-D. Hold on, please. You okay? Yeah? You sure? I'm the one who's happy today. I'm happy I got through. Okay, thank God. You know what this is? Nope. Okay, hold on. 12 minutes. Ha ha ha ha. God, thank God for his other bell. Kind of breaks it up a little bit, doesn't it? Boy, just don't understand. What the hell is going on? Maybe they need to loan over there. Maybe we ought to call up Larry Nixon and see what he's smoking this week, huh? 12 minutes past 11 at W-I-O-D. You're happy in this station. We're pretty upset though because we are... What is the word? I'm sorry. We are ostriched-sized. Don't have it. 11-14 at W-I-O-D. Look at that. A couple lines dropped off during the break. Those lines are so screwed up, aren't they? It's unbelievable. Ooh, that one's working. I can't believe it. W-I-O-D. Yeah, I'm just speaking to Neil, please. Okay, hold on, please. Real tight. W-I-O-D. Hello. Who can I check the Neil, please? What is it? Was this Neil? Hold on. This was plantation, right? Yes, certainly is. How you doing? I'm doing pretty good. Great. What is F-E-L and Southern Bell and Collaboration? F-P-L. And then it's pretty funny. Florida tower and light. It's a terrible. Yeah. I know what's going on. So what's up, sir? What can we do you for today? 45 minutes ago, I wanted to call up and say, don't want these guys get you down, but, uh, I'm not down at all. I'm just saying my piece, that's all. I'm in this car. Oh, we can't take it. It can be, that's a bunch of crap. I've been taking crap from people for since a day. I sat down and it's got forsaken count. Okay? Yep. If I would have let a bunch of slimeball, what is it? You put the tip up a lip. Okay, keep it stiff, pal. 11. 15. And the W-I-O-D. That's what Sophia Coppola said. And then what she said in the movie, keep a stiff upper lip and lower lip and cheeks. I don't want to go. I mean, she's... She's what she is, okay? W-I-O-D. Meal. Time. I know, aren't you. Okay. What do you sound so depressed about? Because now they're insulting us on the big app over there. And insulting who? All your listeners. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And your partners as well. Oh, yeah. And I take offense to that. Well, we don't have as many, uh, I tell you one thing. If we all died, I guess Steve Behapy, because man, it was funeral spots. That's, uh, that's not a weird threat. He's the investigator and the tall thing. I hate him like poison meal. But what difference does it make? I mean, they're not makes no good. They've been on for what? Nine days. And they're already flailing around desperately, like little kids, screaming for attention. Because they got no act. You see, on one hand, he wants to say that we're the silly station. We're for the mindless. We're above your, we're over, we're good. So it's more us. And on the other hand, they're, they were going to be the, the alternative, the real talk station. But they realized, of course, that that crap went out, that way, they went out with high button shoes. Nobody cares about it. Except 900 year old people. W. News went under. They're doing like a one with radio memories. And so they're really in limbo. They got nowhere to go. So that's why they're flailing around desperately, talking about me. And hopes that just maybe somebody can hear them. And we'll get a few people. Or which we have, you know, and I think that'll send me a check for it. He's the sheriff. That's the word. And lie, man, this guy. I mean, whether it's about ratings, whether it's about, and you know, he just, oh, they're raised, dropped in half. And, you know, Steve sitting over there. He's been there two months. He's got a one three. Bob Gordon, who's been there for a million year was there for a million years in a morning. Who's not a bad guy, but you know, mediocre talent. Had a one five in a morning plan, the barber's thrice and in Franks, and I'm sure, okay. I mean, let's face it. That when you've already been in a market before, and you make this come back, and I give them all a play that I've given them. There should be a little something more happening. And when all the demographics are 65 plus, and you hear 90% of the caller sound like, Methuselone a bad day, I don't think there's like a great case going on over there. Okay. I agree. I, as a matter of fact, I called yesterday afternoon, and I wanted to ES for opinions on the show. I called and he caught me off with the quick. And yeah. You mean Steve? Yeah. Did he go boo boo boo boo boo boo? Who do you think he said? Everybody, you know, here's the guy who claims everybody else is a coward. And he thinks it's real gutsy to bring people on to this contrived, controversy and scream and he'll go out to dinner with them. That night at the Burton Jacks. He said, but the bottom line is all phony because it's still as anybody calls. And after 20 seconds of taking issue, and then disagree, it's the same. You must be a wicked son. And then you're gone. And then he caught me off. What is that? What is it? He don't have a show. That's what it is. It is crap. It is crap, Neil. About them dolphins. Hmm. I'm excited. Oh, we are pumped to save a leaf. Yeah. Well, anyway, you know, you know, something winter lose even if we get our kills. Which could happen, but I hope not. But he, I'm just going to be a good experience. And for those people out there, I feel sorry for people who don't even understand the experience of being a fan of anything. You know, I mean, it's so crass and so stupid. But again, It's part of that same thing. If Neil says this, then they got to once as, Yeah, I'm just going to start. I'm a little bit, you know, I don't want to hear it. I like what you're doing. Like I said, I'm embarrassed by people who want to hear Neil. I can listen to it to on WIOD. And if they have nothing else to offer, but talk about it. Why did they just give me all the other time? I'll do some spots, make some extra money on the side. And that'll be it. Okay. They're the whole kids when you're on top. They want to knock you down. And that's a lot of the point is, you know, like Alice been on opposite me before. Couldn't compete right off into another time slot, like a little coward, which is basically what he is. He's a limb. And when his own people over there call him a whimp, and when he comes out with his bitchy crap yesterday, like a little petal and child. Oh, I've been picked out and I'm getting even as really the essence of what it's all. Hey, fine. So you're even, What does that mean? Where's the audience? Where's the signal? Where's the business? Where's anything? Where's something? The same place it was on WSNU. No. Radio. Okay, me. I'll look and forward to Saturday. Amen. That's going to give us something else to get excited about. And try to play the song today, if you can. You mean? Miami-Doc. Okay. There you go. Have a good one. I'll try, but you know what Henry says. No, I can. I really can't. Have a great day. I knew. Twenty after 11 on your psychotic station, six ten Wild, where it's happening. Where it's a sport, and if you don't believe it, we'll make it into one. We'll have Rick Leaver do a play by play, or even if you're really not nasty. Did I just see Jeff walked on the hall? Now he's a wonderful guy. You didn't have food in his hand, did he? You don't have food. Or for George, okay? Because my new trip system arrived today, and I can assure you, as a walking example of what not to look like. I mean, I am a cow. Well, no, I just thought I was sitting in it. But he may have on the air. Of course, I'm on the air. Jeff, what the only thing this is, is the Steve Greenberg show? Did you see the day he had the elephant dropping on the news and was sniffing him in the middle of the six. That was the most disgusting thing. And he also had mentioned the date game had been there before. And I don't know if there's a connection, but I got to tell you, Steve, that was pretty embarrassing. Steve Greenberg, a channel six, and we thank him for his check by the way. What is that? You're going to be disappointed. I appreciate it, but somebody beat you to it. My friend Jim gave fat Rich to take it over to me at the track last night, but I mean, hey, I'm sure somebody, I appreciate the sentiments and you were coming anyways, and I'll feel bad. You were coming to bring George his three lunches. But I appreciate it as always. You're a great American. Okay, it's 21 after 11 will be right back. You know you're real in need of me. Come on now. 1124, a WIOD, it's phones are. And Jeff made a good point. He said if the phones calls are actually getting through to here and like lines aren't lighting and different. That's not Southern Bell. That's internal. That's the in-house phone systems all screwed up. So let's stop playing in my good friends at Southern Bell. Right? I don't care who we blame. Let's blame somebody. What the hell good is life if you can't blame somebody? Ah, yeah, that'd be great. We have an open line of aid if it's working 7511 and Broward 524WioD. Carol City. Thank you. How old are you? How old are you? How old are you? How old are you? How old are you? How old are you? How old are you? How old are you? Where are you, Lou? How old are you? How old are you? I'm going to go to school. Lou, I've got to be honest with you. You're supposed to come to a remote of ours. The charcoal was it? Yeah, that was my birthday. Never showed up. You're all flashing on cash. That's what she said last night. Yeah. No, it was seriously. That was my birthday. When I got to work the night before, we went drinking and stuff. Yeah, I know. Mostly and stuff. the story short to my friend my friend Gilbert he works at Calder Valley parking your friend Gilbert yeah not any Gilbert we know he never gets you though a different Gilbert well and that's what Eric parks my car called her sir Eric is a great American Eric partially your beautiful Corvette that is correct because I trust Eric implicitly and I love him with a passion just a joke Eric right but my friend Gilbert what is it my friend Gilbert works with Eric yeah and he said a speak he said he always wants to get you with an Ercan really yeah well he plays his cards right so Neil I was listening to TV yesterday yeah and I heard that they're coming up with you know they do new series of old TV shows yeah they're coming up a new series the new three studious and it's gonna be starring our senior hall Tim McCuyer and Jim Barry what do you think about that blue yeah have a great life no wait what when you got to come up with something better than that you haven't come out yet yeah well put it away you are in justice the key or a lot of you what you're going to get ready now you're you have a big audience that I do I yeah I got news for the way this phone is today I don't think I got a big audience anywhere I mean a phone like this system is just a nightmare and it's not so that ballots inside this screwed up place so I apologize to any other radio station in America anything I would say about technical defugalies I apologize because we are in the disgrace the stations only been here sixty five years and we still can't get it right right louke you can get you record blue yeah we'll see you that poor louke he's somebody given a record said when he was a little kid and he's been working out of ever since and still can't we have an open line in a Broward five two four and two of them and date seven five one WIOD seven five one nine four six three star line hello yes sir I just wanted to tell you that I think that you are absolutely right when you say that this whole thing is juvenile which makes me wonder why you seem to be a we're trying to clean up your act a little bit I'm sorry I apologize I why do you give care time to it I mean let me let me say let me say it again you asked a question do you want to answer yeah because I'm not gonna let somebody do a three-hour hatchet job on the air what our response to doesn't care doesn't listen to it I don't care who or what or when or how you can touch your business with after ten to two you are an entertainer you entertain me I like you enjoy you and whatever you do after that is your business well I already first of all that isn't the issue the issue is with how what I say on the air was the issue and people trying to tell me how to say it what I should say and I'm harming people all this other crap but I already said at the beginning of the hour that I probably made a mistake by wasting all that time because this audience doesn't give a crap about any of that okay they listen to the show to be entertained to have a good time they don't give a flying crap about any of that you're probably right where he said that well then okay then you want to perpetuate the conversation you realize that for you 90 minutes into your show and still harp on that because you just call about it the highest guy Lou from FIU was talking about the pig me's on a moon about your other crap he didn't make any reference to it you know even though about he can't pick it up okay and you're bringing it back so ask not what your talkcoast can do for you but look in the mirror because you brought it back up as they said at the bad restaurant right have a great life what are you eating in there what up pig if you're gonna eat spaghetti do it out of the counter because like I said I'm telling you I'm becoming a good to become militant on this food thing I mean it my blood sugar this morning was and isn't it interesting that Stanley Dancer was there I didn't talk to him but he was there at Papadol last night I thought it was gonna have another stroke when I went home I was so I was so aggravated when I left there last night I wanted to just blow my brains out just spill a moment table like Clemenza for like called Michael Corleone and meeting him at Louies in the Bronx are those deadlines working those two that are dead there 751 check them out when it down check them out because I'm getting real sirly not really I just got the program from my night don't forget Christmas list by the way Friday night in the tenth race in our sixth end of it and that's when we know it's gonna be trying like crazy every week thank God for Christmas list right and Joe Pavia Jr. and by the way Joe I'm sorry you got part to the half and 56 and four last night in the last race by Richard Kent who was coming across the line right now that was an outrage man can just sit there in a tool get himself a perfect trip maybe even pick up a check in that race no he's out there 56 and four puking and slicing and whipping Richard out of all I hit him again hit him again Richard I'm starting to sound like those guys up at call or you know and I enjoy it in fact I take back everything I said about I'm gonna start being the same when I go to the track if you go out there and you're gonna spend your heart or money and you know play a shoot a fish at a barrel somewhere the least you can do a scream and you all have a good time I used to do that years ago and then I became real docile after they took away my steel let's see let's take a call in plantation as a plantations always like touching go hello how are you doing alright morning to you when is this yeah well first you out of the sack gate you sound like you're still at the time of the shoot I just got off work I'm getting ready to go to real it go to your sack yeah I didn't I was first thing there night like 90 percent of the list is we haven't heard any of the other stuff exactly I'm you know I got sucked into a big thing I still I'm glad I said it because I wanted to say it there's a segment of the audience out there that got sucked into a tool and I said it and it's out there and screw them okay let's do our thing mark it is up 37 points how doesn't affect me I know hey when you're a schlepper like we are who to help cares about the market well when the money is out there on the track at pop and oh who cares about the market you got me I'm again Jeff come on whip it one more time at it I got to say you got me out the highly uh and when when you were doing that thing out there trying to save that yeah that was fun hey it was fun and I had a real good how I'm a lot of money during that period of time too during those a few days they raised with wasn't many I came up and said high in podium my daughter had it every race out of highly right I remember it and I was there if pop and oh for breeder is crowning and hey pop and oh is great and I love this for but are just a few apples out there that they ought to turn into road apples put them on a highway set of back to Quebec and get them and their horses far far away right serious I'm just to put the dough that never in the afternoon had a lot of fun and I went on the best night I could I guess well unless you know the better well breeder's crown you can't miss that's great that's top now yeah we did we had a lot of fun for that I don't know where your camp will be driving in a breeder's crown or Jeff Gregory for that matter Jeff if you don't put you up a little bit toward what's going on with a kid man I'm not want to cry but that's you know I think I think I graduated the Donald Briner School of Drive there's people bit out there that long that they're just so you can all the loser they don't know about it anymore they're out there just don't know either I just go to the head of a time when smooth with fat rate in Allen Finkle sin small goods cigar and there goes your money I got a pick up home with you about that you gotta start on the weekends I Friday nights this morning my night's off you all Friday night is the night that is racing this Friday night but you started the night from signing up to the moon week well I'm sorry sure but I'm sorry I didn't consult with you first if I would have talked I would have done that he'd have raced every night every Friday when it was convenient for you I will do that next week I'll come out Friday and pay please I've had a good night well we'll do that we got a nice I've been a season ticket holder for the dolphin there you go I think 69 no I can't really can't put them back in it I can't say I can't say I'm a football fan yes you can I'm real I'm a dolphin fan yes you can I've been a dolphin did I don't care about it you're the kids I just really I go see the dolphins and I follow the dolphins and stand up there's that been listening to you I started turning into a baseball fan I know there you go never cater about baseball but I just wish to be well I won't be long now just a few weeks before spring training in the Smela Jackstrapsle permeate the ear from coast to coast from Mesa Arizona Lakeland Florida all those jobs numbers get be alert and fun and you got me interested in it well thank God for that sir and go back to stay I'm coming along okay wow we all are anyway thanks for all the front and I as they say in plantation sir we'll all meet someday in the end have a great day okay see you audio someday wow you made another resolution well you said you're gonna stop the exercise you need a total blood transfusion because you know you do I'm push up and you're done oh I can't really can but if you suck it out wow I bet you can't top that no I can't I really can't it's eleven thirty six a w i ostracized and we become right back eleven thirty nine you know what I was really gonna get into today I wanted to get into Elvis today so to speak I know see with me I prefer if they're at least a little warm but yesterday guiding light was traumatic and revives ever at least alive and they saw this crowd on the screen and Italy and some travel all get oh there she is there's revives in the middle of 400 people and anyways really traumatic and then at four I usually turned over to channel four and they have that personalities and then at other those real flash shows with all the smartmen personalities and the scandal at crap and all the thing about was like Elvis because Rick and Spud did that two-year state in a for like a good part of the show was the Elvis crap and I was thinking now when I was coming back from vacation on the plane I read that paperback book by Albert Goldman about the day Elvis died in the last day and all the drugs and all his crap but they were showing these women and even now and they're all like they're a two and a lot kids and they're in the blood and they're you know all these investigations about his death and about the drugs and the commit suicide I don't understand it I think there are more people in this country who are obsessed and fascinated with the death of Elvis Presley that about the assassination of President Kennedy for example the Zekivian a good idea to where this country is coming from I'm serial I mean you know he was rock star he was good looking when he was young he was grow test when he was older but I mean but you know I like his music some of it but I mean he's these women these hopeless lifeless pathetic and they still run up there to Graceland and they sit on the lawn and they like Alice and wonder then they're crying they're floating away in their tears what is that all about aren't you about Elvis down Nick in a little bit old I'll be there A hole needs to jump A decision is Christmas A real is fun A hero to wander A return to Santa A hole needs to be run A fun decision I got screws A return to Santa A return Okay, back in a box Look in 43 AWiODamn It is getting a little bit old afterLING one of the great movies in the history of film I can't believe cost for it and mentioned the other day. And paradise with woolly aims and feeble gates not bad either. But anyway, I was reading yesterday, at last night as a matter of fact I opened up all this crap somebody sent here in a mail, return of Blue Lagoon is being filmed as we speak it is coming in 91. They did a nationwide search for this phenomenal looking young couple who are going to be out there, scantily clad and probably a few times in a movie not clad at all. And they make book shields and Christopher Atkins look like Henry Barrow and Elena Tor. Now that's that's bad. Did I say that? That was cool. Can you guys ever forgive me for that? No, I can't. I really can't. Come on. But seriously, I mean they are you are no matter what you like, believe me, fish foul or any of their ball. I mean they are incredible. I don't even think they are for real. They must be like dummies or something. People look like that usually are. It's 1144 at WIOD. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing it? I'm doing it. How about you? Are you doing it? I'm doing it. Well, that's good. I just have one question for you. What's a question? How can a man look at an element, Harry, but and find love? Check with your proctologist, OK? 1144 at WIOD. It's another one of our Cuban listeners, Spice from WCBA. We have an open line in Dave County, 75194, 6th, 3 and of course we know about all those macho Cubans, right? Yeah, we're a bunch, maybe. Give me a kiss. And we have an open line in Palm Beach, 6559463. You show me a Latin who isn't bisexual and I'll show you pimples on Fidel Castro's butt. Anyway, let's go to Pompano. Hello. I see you don't know what that means. And I don't either was purposely ambiguous so you can make out of it whatever you like. Yes, sir? Yeah, I missed the part of your show where you were kind of affected. What is speak up, sir? Speak up. Don't be a coward. Get right to it. What I was saying I missed you. The part of you show about where you were, uh, you're commentary about what happened the track you last night. What happened? What happened to me? Yeah. Well, no, it's not just a comment about last night's accommodating general. And for years, I have been urging Alan Finkelson to tell some of our French Canadian trainers and drivers and horse people not to come back to Pompano Park and to stay where the Mundo and try and up there at Blue Bonnets in elsewhere because when they come down here, it is a disgrace what is put before the public. There was a horse. Well, this isn't the only one or a couple of others. But last night there was a horse in the tenth race called Jeff's Awesome. He broke down. No, didn't break down. Oh, that's the one that got this last time. He had won the time before in 59 and 1 with an outstanding last quarter. Right. And last night was dropping down. It was only 6 to 1 in the morning line. What off I think about 13 to 1, which isn't like 99 to 1. He had a shot. You figured to be an area. You know, the race would be slower. Race went to 59 and 2, which he had won a couple of weeks ago in 59 and 1. When they went to the half, he must have been 20 likes behind. When they came to the stretch, he was like in the next race. In other words, he was like in a post-brake for the next race was coming out. That's when he finished. I had eight minutes later. 400 like. He did not make a break. He just was walking on his hands in ease. And I suggested the MSD Finkelson that horses that perform like that one should be forced to qualify before we're asked to indulge our hard earned dollars to support tangible support again. Well, they usually are, but I noticed that that you should be a pretty good race horse. That's awesome. But you're missing my point. That's not the point. I mean, you know, a secretary used to be a good race horse too, but I don't think he's going to be running an aqueduct today. You know, he's not a good shape. He's kind of like this one, dead. And you're right about, baby, he got parked up pretty good in that last race. Well, I'm not talking about, baby, I'm talking about Richard Kent with the three horse, which had the two old 40 to one at no chance to win the race. The horse is never going to happen. 56 and four in his life. It was just puking and whipping for the sole purpose of keeping pavia, then I even money favored part. I didn't even bet the race, but I mean, it was just a board of and then the Richard Kent's horse finishes 30 lengths behind. Doesn't that bother you, sir? Yeah, I know to set. If he sits the tool, trippy might even get finished second. He might get set to long get a pretty good trip. And all he accomplished was finishing last by 30 lengths. Neil, let me ask you this. You put a lot of credence on the drivers, but in a lot of those races, they're all catch drivers. They're all good drivers. What does that mean? Well, don't you think that the drivers only as good as his mouth? In some cases. I'm going to say it again. Kevin Wallace who got three days for a little interference suspension, but Kevin Wallace is the best driver on a track bar nonsense. Don't ever forget that. He can drive circles around those people. OK. Happened to think Peter Renett. Let me say this to you again. Kevin Wallace is the best driver on a track. And if you've noticed Peter Renett's performance since coming back, since he isn't getting my course, he's horses, mediocre, tonnogs, and pizza. Good driver, not in Kevin Wallace's class anymore. OK. Trust me when I tell you. OK. 1148 at WIOD. I've glad we got that settled so easily. That's what I like. Somebody agreeable for a change. We have an open line in date. Maybe you will get a call today from Renett and they don't. The trainer of Jeff Saw some last night. Get a little update on the condition. And maybe we'll get a call from the stewards to the C.V. He's crossed the finish line yet. There's an open line in date. I started to say that moment to go before my harness racing his stereo got me wrapped up in a fever. 751, I can't finish the race. And one in Palm Beach, 655 stiff, 655 WIOD. It will be right back. 1151 at WIOD. We have an open line in date. You know I need to do. I need to get that sports section. You're reading right now because we have no papers in here. Phil Saltman will be calling Wony and be bugging me. So I'd rather beat him to the horses butt today. So to speak. And the tick and other loser like that. And the rest of Mony, we had yesterday that's also still here he comes. Hit him, Harvey. Adam, I. Here he is. He's going to make it. Okay. Better late than never. Right Ian? How are you doing? How do you want? I don't know. I got to be honest with you. We got an Ian Spireyport Kelvin who's a great guy. Kind of a track to call or Friday for our remote showed up supported us was enthusiastic. He said he is not out here because he's really pissed off and you're because what you said about the hurricanes. I thought that was childish. No. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I was just a statement and then you can correct me. I thought it was childish and depressing. Are you finished? Yes. Okay. That's not the reason I didn't show up. But I did disagree with you. But I wouldn't show up. I see some other words if you don't agree with everything that I say. That's seen how Rick and Sats can take comfort and understanding why he is so fickle. Because as soon as somebody says something that he would not agree with, then up your is. That's not what I only wish. That's not why I didn't show up. I had a work with my dad. But I'll guess what? We somehow survived. Did that incredible? Yeah. But, well, could I say what they're about, Calvin? Here's my horse in the first race ladies in gentlemen. Angel mine with early fires strikes again, striking terror in the hearts of parametrials players from Costa Coast. Angel mine in the first. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Okay. Well, when did you next to him out anyway, first of all? I did that Gulf Stream at some sometime in February. We don't have a day where postponing the one we were going to have in the 25th because it was too soon after Carter would have a little bit more horse racing intensive. Don't you think, okay? Yes, I'm there. What's the amount of Calvin though? You know how our allies came out of the car that yesterday? Yes, man. I think Calvin hasn't announced me later on this week. Really? And that's all I should hope he's sitting on my knee when he makes it. Yeah. I don't know. You know, he started talking how he wants to grow a tail long and blonde. I don't like it. No. How about I understand? No. Oh, one thing about ladies, yeah, about Steve Cain. A few of them went away like in the York for a couple months. Like he did and came back. He knew your ratings would blow his away. Like you would do that away, you would have a more than a 1.3. Can I say this to you? Okay. The fact that Mr. Ego was in New York talking about Neil Rogers on the year and a morning on WABC, having the urine lady in a same old chronic guest on indicates to me that he has a very limited repertoire as in mouth previously. I mean, that's not having a clever debate or sparring with the caller. Okay. I'm talking to, I'm not talking about mouth readers and there are some of those. I'm talking about people who sound relatively intelligent who have a different point of view and as soon as they spend about 20 seconds saying that maybe they enjoy Rick and Suds or anything that takes a different point of view. That's it. That's the repertoire. There are three things and all arrest is strictly filler. It's not called Neil as this and Uncle Neil says that and Uncle Neil is great and Uncle Neil stinks. That's number one. Far ahead of all the others. Number two is Rick and Suds suck and everybody's coming over here. That's number two. Number three is, tie it in usually with number one or number two. That's it. I think number one and number two are very good at the apperpo in this case. If you got it then. But I thought you were the guy that was giving me a big song of that. Just only weeks ago about how you were so excited he was bad. Come on. You're a pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle. Pickle in your like a butterfly and a heat in. But Rick and Suds are going to get to them a lot more. I guess. Okay. I want to think it's a doctor's good. Is Super Bowl in Tampa? Yeah. Would you go? Are you kidding me? Of course I would go. I take Rick Weaver spot. Okay. And one one thing my rating. How did QAM verse WRD doing the sports talk? Oh, geez. I got all this stuff here but I never thought anybody would ask. I'm sure. Well, we don't have the R by hour. The book won't be in for a couple days. I can give you seven of midnight. Okay. That's with me. That's with me. I was seven of midnight. I OD had a three which was 9. That's not right. That was 25 to 54. Just a second just a second. Well, you're a painy and you really are. A painy and a ass. Sometimes. I can do. Right. We're a cramp. Okay. Here we go. Thank you. Night time seven of midnight 12 plus WOD had. Where the hell are we? Boy are we on this page even? We had a three three up from a two nine. Hank is moving up. He was only on a part of that thing. We're increasing a night. WOD. K-O-A-M-7-M-9 had a 1.2 down from a 1-5. Uh-oh. Here comes the bunny. There goes your money. No more mats. Okay. Does that answer your question? Yes. I appreciate it. Ian have a wonderful life. And as soon as Calvin is ready for the announcement, believe me. We are ready for him. You guys have an exclusive. Okay. Talk to you later. Have a good day. It's 1156 at WOD. Boy, do I feel great today now that I left my contribution to the breed last night? Here's a starline mobile and Fort Lauderdale. When is this? Hey. I was just wondering, since I am on the starline, and all those crappy mobile phones called it, I was wondering, how does this radio phone sound? Radio phone? Yeah, well, yeah. These other phones. So that's radio ways. We're on 800 mag. Yeah. But just the way you put that, I mean it was like so pseudo intellectual. I was incredible. Like very technical. Yes. Well, how does it sound? Yeah. crappy. Let me put these seven. I was okay. I just wanted. He just wanted that. Why do you always put on West Palm Beach? It sounds like big Al from Boca. Are you big Al from Boca? Hello. Hello. Is this big Al? Let's say big Al is big Jim. Okay. Hold on Jim. Same difference. Oh is this Jim? Yeah. Is this our ticket, uh, a hundred? Yeah. So I'm going to get a ticket Jim. Take it Jim. Take it Jim. One. Hey, listen. Don't let Marlon Brando get a hold of Jim. Do you hear that story? Okay. I'm sorry. How you doing? I can do it. No, I didn't hear this story. Why don't you tell me? No. I don't want to tell you. Do not on the air. So what's going on Jim? Well, I'm going to see up there. You don't think is I, uh, but the last time I went to a prime neutral choice. The hospital got down there. I was up this came. Yeah. And they put the wrong door up. Uh-huh. My name is Bobby. Your problem is the bunny. Yeah. Monday. I finally took my friend to go in down of top of the wasn't been the all year. And the power went off. And you guys already left. You must have finished dinner already. Yeah. That's right. Don't let that be run. I got stuck out of North Miami. I said, gee, I can't get the poppin' on time. I'll catch a last three or four races. I would. What happened? Don't court the war. You are what they call a kiss at Etc. I was, but you could have driven Jeff's awesome in the 10th race last night at the end of the day. I was going to park you to be an awesome. You know, Stanley gives a told me I had great hands to drive. Did he? I'm fluttering. He keeps on. He keeps on Harold Kelly that too, but it doesn't seem to be getting a job done. Stanley, by the way, had a horse went off one to five last night in the second race. And I had to win a race, by the way, but didn't bet him flat. I had him in the double. Did not have the double because of 41. I won a three race in a dingalow bell on a second with set nickels. But anyway, uh, refattire with Harold Kelly went off one to five Stanley answered a second race. A desperate third. Yes, whipping, slicing and gasping for oxygen in the deep stretch. The Stanford is the only thing. How much do double pay? Uh, a lot. It paid like 268 or some some drug. Here's 600 bucks. 600 bucks. Nothing like those dollar double wheels. There you go. Well, listen, here comes the bunny. We'll see you Friday. 10th race. Chris, but I don't forget. Okay. So how to rename a dog. Okay. And don branded. We're gonna turn you over to Kelly Shepherd if you don't watch out. What do we got? We got Elaine at tour with the news. Wow. What a tweet. Then we'll come back at 12.05. We got Rick and Spuds at two. We got Sports Talk at six. So five guests, Ray Bentley, linebacker of the bills. Hank Goldberg. A 2 11 tonight. Who's that? Radio 6. 10. I got a great deal. I'm so excited. I think that's the only way to get a big deal. I think that's the only way to get a big deal. Who's that? Radio 6. 10. WIOD presents the Neil Roger Show. To get in touch and talk with Neil. Dial 751 WIOD from day. For Kelly, you're a fan. Why do four WIOD? Palm Beach 655 WIOD. And bell-top mobility customers. Make it a free call by dialing star, IOD. The opinions expressed by the guest host of caller for not necessarily those decisions. Now, here's Neil Roger's. A new dog radio 610 WIOD. You've seen him on Channel 7 News. First, as a 2 bit reporting. Now, as a 2 bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Faye Baker and Mary K. Combine. Rick Sanchez, King. Here are the Dulls and Tones of the Man who brought you crime check. Rick Sanchez. Lack of garage. YOLF, we're gonna be five for the fire. YOLF, we're gonna fly. Rick Sanchez. Overcast of the fire. Here I go. I've just saw his kind of vision. Here I go. Rick Sanchez sings. Here we are. Home is a butterfly. Over the sea. Don't miss Rick Sanchez. It is pastry-based oral bruhile. It's one show you all want to miss dank for a good one. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Rick Sanchez. He loves his audience. I've stuck you as a precious gift from God. Thank you so much, Rebecca. Look at this. There's so much checks here for Camilla sauce. Our total is 107871. We're gonna go over 110. We're gonna go over 110. What is this car? What is this picture of a lion? To the king of beasts of talk at her team in radio like this. Picture of the lion. Woo. Oh, from Gilbert. The car's from Geller. The writing was like a prepubescent. Now that explains it. You know, Gilbert's getting a little much. You know what? Don't you think so? The remote of Carter, I thought he was always stifled. I'm pretty good. He's just getting out of hand. Anyway, the reason I played the Rick Sanchez thing, you see the thing at a paper he's got malaria and he's pretty happy about it. Because you've been getting ill and chills and fever and wow, sitting next to Sally and Penny. And it didn't know what the hell it was. And it said somebody pre-sperformed the last rights and he woke up and he looked up. He thought he was in the Godfather. He was just confused. And now it's malaria which is treatable and he's grateful and we wish him a speedy recovery. It's probably explains why he's been singing like that. That's a good explain. If you had malaria, you'd sound like that too. It's 12 o'clock at WIOD. We have an open line in date, county 751. I'm just looking at this. Is this, oh, this isn't a check. Oh, man. Oh, man. It's from Mary at the University of Miami. Mary says a few weeks ago I heard a call around your show. She said that when you bought a Harold from a fending machine, he took all of the papers. Recently I read the papers are purchased by people who don't work for the Harold, but people who work at extra job read it income. They fill the machines hoping that those buying papers will be honest. To leave the papers that I've been papered by, by, by, by, by. And so in other words, they lose money. Not the Harold, but all those poor slabs that fill out the machines, lose money. If you steal a papers. Ah, I'd still do it. It's 12 o'clock at WIOD. We also have an open line in Palm Beach. At 655, 9463, 655, WIOD. Gotta clear the mong out of my throat. You're ready for an exciting two hours. Rick and Spud will be here from 2 to 6. Oh, it's a psychic thing. I can't believe it. Rose. Hi. How are you? I was just during the news break. I kept the kid boy and other some people we haven't heard from in a while. I'm out of here. Rick, no, I'm serious. Like Rose and Rick from the event from the video rip off store, whatever he's doing. Did he ever come over to the studio? No. Oh, you know, Rose, those guys are all flash and okay, I can't see them. Oh, they're all talk. Okay. Well, I don't see them anymore, so. Yeah. Well, we don't have time for us. We only got Cory bugging us now. We can be still listen. Who's that? Cory. No, no, no. Now let me ask you a question because you're a very astute observer of the passing scene. You know who Cory is? Yeah. We did the song. Yeah. That sounds great at the stadium, but like, mush on this cart that we got here. Yeah. Is he becoming a little chronic, do you think? Okay. I haven't, I'm giving you a lecture. Well, I'm a station. And I wish this KS would stop sending me these photographic pictures. I've seen it all. Okay. This guy has been sending me for 15 years. It keeps sending me these pictures. Okay. Of all these hot young guys doing disgust. Oh, look at that. Yeah. I was going to send you something, but that'll be later. I have been talking about this blue lagoon. What are they called to return of the blue lagoon? And see, these are supposed to be their children. You said blue lagoon. That's fantastic. But paradise. He looks great, but the movie starts, okay. He had both movies suck, but I mean, the people look great. Who cares if the movie is good if the people look good enough? Okay. Well, I thought you're talking about something else. No. Well, you sound great. You say you've gained weight, but you feel good? Well, I mean, I got to lose the weight again. I've got to do it because my blood sugar this morning was about 8 million. And I had that experience where I headed to track. I don't know why, because I mean, I've lost. I've had in my old real gambling days. I've had nights of the track when I just punched my brains up. And I didn't lose a lot of money, but I was just, I'm just so tired of seeing crap that shouldn't be allowed to go on. And I'm going to speak out again. I don't care what it is. I'm going to, I want to stop. Yeah. Well, that's just what I do. Because I'm just mind being ripped off myself. We're just seeing a bunch of incompetence out there. I mean, it's just got to stop. Yeah. Well, and I think that some of those stewards over there ought to start opening up their eyes and start doing something about it. Instead of looking at, you know, up in the air somewhere. Yeah. Well, I wanted to also act, tell you. I'm also just to contend to Super Dave coming out of the table to, you know, sitting up there with Gary Sybel. Go up there with Mitchell. Dave and just leave us alone. Will you, your bug at me? Can you believe Super Dave comes to the table now? What table? At the tram? Yeah. For being fat rich, we're just minding our business, punching our guts out, getting aggravated. And how we got to put up with Super Dave and Alabardo, just everybody go and jump from the roof, okay? Well, I mean, I think the Friday show was fantastic. I enjoyed it. Did we have a good time of call or I'm not sure if it's sometime when they're chaotic like that. And you get through, you don't know what the, you can't tell. I think I got about three hours of it. And when it really got heavy into the racing, you know, I don't think I heard that part. Well, we didn't get heavy in it because we couldn't see it. So we just, you know, there was no. And Gilbert was fine because you kept them under wraps, you know? Yeah, but see off the air, which you don't hear in the background, you're bugging me and bugging me. I know, we have that chance to talk yet, but you know, I came out here and I hold back. I got a bunch of things. What's that code number for? What's his name? What's that code number? He won't call me anymore. Yeah, the kind of fat rich can run in a sense real well. Yeah. Rich was already there when we got there. He had the whole tent set up around. In fact, Rich was the tent. They used his shirt for the tent. Well, you know, I wanted to call and talk about, uh, that rich would call in today to talk about that race last night. I, you know, I don't want to be the only one. But I'm not trying to stir up because like I said, Papa was beautiful. I love it. They're great. They treat me wonderful. I love harness racing. I love the sport. I love, you know, but boy, there are a couple of these guys out there. Man, go back to Canada where you came from. Go back to Quebec. You should know what you're talking about. You should know what you're talking about. You should know what you're talking about. I know. So even though, you know, I wanted to call about Thursdays at night's landing. Yeah. Now, I don't get to watch it often. And I got about 45 minutes of, uh, midnight and so. No, no. I need to medical problem. Uh, mental problem. He had a mental problem. Yeah. And everybody at birth at birth. Don't you remember, don't you remember she fell off the horse and hit her head? No, she's that way. I don't get to watch it or not. And after that, she started being like, whack-o. And now she's just getting worse and worse. There'd be a week and she's, uh, What is she taking while she's pretending to be taking something. But she's slipping something else and those are things. Yeah. Yeah. She's pretending to do something. Yeah. She's taking the same stuff. You're laying it toward takes. I thought, uh, well, you can put me on magazine. Well, doggy downstairs. How? Why? What? Once in a while, it slips in here. What? For me on magazine. Why don't you talk about something else? Okay. Relax, Rick. Thank you. Okay. Take two aspirin Rick. Did you see it, right? Hold on a second. Okay. You're so nice. You've been out a long time, but I haven't let you say anything, Rose. 1214 at WIOD at Toyota of Hot-Six. So anyway. So anyway. Hi, oh, how are you? Sit there. Yeah. Rose. Yeah, I'm here. What happened? I'm sorry. I got caught up in something. You got caught up? You got caught up in something. Okay. Okay. We were talking about Premier Magazine. But they do show the up and coming in the, you know, like in the far future, like what they're making now. What they want to make is for us what movies and so forth. It's a pretty interesting kind of story. You know, eh. I see some pictures now, and I think that's what I want to make in the future. You like return of Blue Lagoon? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Rose. Trust me. You'll be on the floor. Okay. You said Awakening's didn't sound, didn't appeal to you. Well, I mean, just the way it costs for described it, of course, he's such a suit. I mean, and I saw the previews of it too. You know, Robert, I got to be honest with you. The more I see a Robert to narrow the less I like him. You know why? He's always got that same expression. That same, you know the one I mean? Yes. Always. Like I can get a good fellow, which was a very good movie. But he's still always said that same. You remember like in Godfather, Marlon Brando had that one, like when Sunny got shot on a causeway, and he had that one, certain expression, you know what I mean? Like hopefully. And that like stood out, but he didn't always have that on his face. He had like different expressions, especially with all the cotton and his cheeks. It was like putting in different places where someone would you can't mention. But like Robert De Niro, he's always got that same, I don't know. I did it. Well, the thing is, he can't get away from that. But you think he really does that like in real life? I hope not. I don't know. But Robin Williams. I love Robin. I go to any Robin Williams movie. He's great. And he's great, but his movies are always great. Dead poets, society. I can't be terrible. See you today. Yeah. That was terrible. I didn't think Dead poets were society was that good. I couldn't even get through the first 20 minutes. It was pretty long. Well, he's been using the Robin Williams thing. I'm a hundred. But they kind of, yeah. So anyway, this is a good movie. Is that what you're trying to say? Well, I haven't seen it. I'm just, you know, you said, I was just wanting a few new something. I didn't know. No, I just, just the whole thing they had in Sephalitis and they came back years later. I don't want to go see a movie about a bunch of people who had in Sephalitis. I mean, we got enough of that down here. I can see it. But in fact, most of the people down here act like even if they didn't have it, Sephalitis, they got it. Don't they? Yeah. So who needs that? Well, I agree. And on that note. Although it is a true story. Yes. Now I do like true stories. I like true stories. I don't read fiction. I always read nonfiction because I don't have time to read fiction. Well, anyway, at any rate, any Robin Williams movie I will go to. Now what about Elvis? Well, since you asked, did you ever see him in person? No. Okay. I think that makes the difference. Because don't don't keep me wrong. I find his the whole story fascinating. I've read Priscilla. I read, you know, like on a plane. It's always great to have a paperback. And since I like reading nonfiction, you go in a story. And even if I picked up the Priscilla book and with the other wonderful and said, you can write. I haven't read any of the book. But I'm just saying it's interesting. But it's just the obsession that people seem to have. I mean. That's it. It's like anything else. That's dramatic. That's a good go. What when I saw him, he was doing his comeback. He was in Miami Beach, because then she all. My girlfriend and I, we went in there. We liked Elvis. We liked the sun. But when we saw him, when he came out on the spot. Oh. I mean, and it was last couple of the last performance at Vegas was they showed on this thing on Channel 4 yesterday afternoon on that personality show. Yeah. He was just, it's a miracle. I mean, the sweat was pouring off of them. He was like, like, poking out. Like, I mean, his puppet was hanging over to his toes. He couldn't barely walk. How it came as a shock to anybody that this man. And all the stories about his doctor and all these jiggins of pills he was described. He was taking and he was prescribing for a minute. And late at night, he would go to his dentist. His dentist would set up appointments personal like in his office. He'd meet in there 11 o'clock at night. Not to do dental work, but to write prescriptions for him. In this guy was on more pills than Carter rehearsal. Yeah. He had a big problem. And he used to take a bunch of pills to get knocked out. In other words, he would get in the sack and get knocked out. It just lie there for hours and hours. And it was his whole life. And then I give him the operas to get him up. And he just became a bitch. That was his whole ladder life. And he was talking about when he, that's what caught people. When they went to see him, especially in the comeback. Yeah. Okay. He looked great. He sounded great. He had a... Oh, you mean here? Yeah. But not in Vegas. I think I have a really good idea. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. And I think he was okay. But seeing him in 75 and seeing him then just broke my heart. It was just... I mean, I'm not saying that wrong to be a fan. But I mean, to carry to such an extreme way. He was the emperor of the universe or the president of the US or like... I'd say the people of this world. They're not... What's the phrase in the world? There, it's like the inquire inside the nation. All that garbage is fanatic. It's sensational. I like it. But one thing. So one thing. Okay, really. I'm on a positive side. My brother, I'm very proud of him. He works for Metro Day. Yeah. And he made the tenant. Ray. He used to listen to you, but he can't anymore. But I know some of the people and his office listen to you as we speak probably. And I just want to say, I'm very proud of him and congratulations. And this is wonderful. I'm keep up the great work. He's not a pig at work. I'm the pig at home. I have a great life for us. It's a delight. Okay. Yeah. She's nice. 1223 at Wildeway, we have an open line in date 7511 and Palm Beach 655. If you're looking for a nice... From the federal express, but I got me a plan to get out of this mess. Everybody's got a fact machine. I'm gonna send it on a fact machine. Just this stuff button. It works like a dream. Everybody's got a fact fact machine. Oh. You're making a photo copy of your files. Oh. Then you forge your fossil signature. I'm back to the chairman of the Ford. Then watch your boss get fooded out of the door doors. Everybody's got a fact machine. This is the way you'll be really me. Just this stuff button. You can be obviously. Everybody's got a fact fact fact machine. Oh. This is the way to be real off-steam. Everybody's got a fact machine. Backstitch. Everybody's got a fact machine. Everybody's got a fact machine. Well, pretty WIOD. We are doing it. Some of the colors dropped off. I can't believe it because we had rose on for half an hour. It's too bad if you don't like it. Tough but that is. She's great. We love rose. We have an open line in date 751. One on the star line at star IOD. If you have bell-sautomability, it might even work 655 WIOD in Palm Beach. Three open lines. And we're pretty depressed about it too. Aren't you? I am. Mobile in Miami on a daydeline. Hello. Hey, deal. Yeah. How are you doing today? Okay. Long time listener. First time caller. Great. Thought I'd give you a call. We just got out of that royal calf. You talked about a couple months ago. I mean Wayne Ardles wrote calf. So 425th in Northwest 7th Avenue at North Miami. I've ever had. Yes, sir. I've seen back to the good old days here in Miami. Can't be to with a stick. But I had something. What are those things from the ear called? Those. White hot. The best. The best. Little sausage. Well, whatever. I had a call. You were talking about 54 Chris. She had a caller talking about how many Quebec license places were. Uh, do you're going to start me on a French Canadian again man? Sorry about. I am so hysterical about French Canadians. After last night, I would tell her. I would pay for the bus that would take them all back. I'd buy them a salami sandwich and stick them on a bus and give them a one way ticket. Man, never to come back again. Really? What they do this town all winter long. I wouldn't do to Saddam Hussein. How do you like them apples? Well, we are. Yeah, that would be nice to send them over there. Yeah, send them over there, right? A match made in every. And stick them in a Iraqi army, okay, by Lex Monday. Well, we were over in the beach last night. And we just for the hell. We're going up and down the beach. And I started looking at the license place. See was in town. And they're all back. Yeah. They're all coming back. Anyway, I just thought it gave you a call. Okay, so you're having a great life. We're going. See you. 1231 at W.Y. Do we have an open line in date? I want to pop baits. Still three if I count them right. I don't function very well. We have like less than 400 calls on the board. Did we ever find out what the problem was with the phone, by the way? We just better with something else. Mitch said it was Southern Bell. So, if they're sticking your pipe and eat it. And if Mitch Ween says it's Southern Bell, you know it's Southern Bell. Because Mitch Ween is the greatest broadcast engineer in the history of the 79-speed and the most important thing is to have a good time. We can't wait. North Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Did you see that very space last night? I saw them all. Did you see what Don Brainer did with that one or... Oh, no. Let's see. Let me ask you a question. Is this going to be a bitching session for people that better on Donald Brainer? No, no, no. Don Brainer. I just tell you how one of us can wind up six from the break. Why they don't penalize these guys a little bit? First of all, some horses have no gates speed. However, it is interesting to me that the horse you're talking about left the last time and was parked out in 58 and 1. So that is rather interesting, is it? Right. But when you're worrying about Donald Brainer, sir, you must be in a dream where you didn't bet that horse did you? I believe it or not, I did. And Donald Brainer? Yeah. Oh, my God. He's got to wind one, one, so no. Hey, it's too early. Wait till April. Okay, just like last year. Wait till about the last two weeks. Wait till I... Don't think sooner, I'll use these guys like a shuttle down for like a month when they don't... Well, I don't understand. Why they let some of this dead meat to be out there on a tray. That's what I just do not understand because it makes for bad relations. You're upset. I'm upset. You weren't there for the tenth race. No, I wasn't. I am going to tell you, if you are upset, if you were to bet, and I bet a lot of I had a couple of bucks across because it was a big price and Greg Lee. I thought Mike gave it a shot. Just awesome. This horse started out last and moved backward rapidly. And distance again like he did the previous time. You know, you figured, look at the previous time the race was fast. It made it an off-night. And he won the night before the timing for that. And at the same time that the race went last night. So he figured he's got a shot. He's dropping down. This horse had no more business running out of track than you and I pulling a chariot. Okay, I mean, forget it. Yeah. And I am pretty peot about it. Well, you see the problem, I think is that they... They find them like 50 bucks or something. It's ridiculous. Pack them up and send them back where they came from. They set them down for a month that would mean... But I think we ought to set you down because if you're betting on Donald Brainer's Sir, we're going to have to have a seminar and get you straightened up. Okay, I'll see you. Don't do it again. Thank you. Okay. Wow. Can you believe that? Oh, man. Even Fat Rich was about to make a way to run at horse. I said, boy, if you do that, I'm going to crawl onto the table. And I'm going to make cackling sounds for the next four hours. And quite frankly, I had a bit of a better off by doing it. W-I-O-D. Oh, no, what? Hold on. Let's go to Miami. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing sir? I'm doing it. Okay, buddy. Look, I'm not too stop for anything but... But there's always a big button to work here. Exactly. As they've game with shrimp. We're reference to a collar you had a little while ago. Wow, there's been so many. Yeah, that Latin guy. Remember that you said that? Yeah. Comment about Bill Cashlose butt. Yeah. Anyway. What about Bill Cashlose butt? You know something we don't? Yeah, personally, they're like the guy, but anyway. There's a lot of things that people say about Latin and this and that. But if you want to keep your ratings up about 80% of your loyal listeners, which I happen to be one. You know, I love your show. Yeah. You know, you really got to refrain from comments about Latin because... Oh, so in other words, I can talk about anybody in everybody else. But if I make a little joke about Latin because we had some homophobic jackass on a phone, then right away you're going to take it personally. Now you're not going to become uptight, are you, sir? I'm exuding? You're not going to become uptight. No, no, I'm not uptight. That's the first thing I told you. Look, I'm not pissed off because I've heard a lot of people say a lot of comments, but you know, you got to take. You got to take consideration people that do take it personally and the people that do listen to your show. Well, let me just say this to you. If that if, you know, there reminds me of the Alice Rentel thing. If every if I had to take into consideration that everybody was thin skin, then I would never talk about anything from a Sally Fitzgerald Sanchez to Alice Rentel. Hey anybody or any group or any person right there, there'd be no show. That's a bit of part of what I do. Really never heard you say any type of comments, but any other ratio, any other rate, you know. Oh my god, I did a whole show here one day a couple of months ago about how the whole society is becoming black and we're all wrapping and white people are in the rap music. And all I want to be talking about, help me thin skin, it's beneath you, sir. Yeah, maybe you're right. Consider the sources of the call we were talking to. Okay, consider that slime ball is busy picking at the Del's butt. Anyway, I got a little message for you to Mr. Daye Gaman and Willy and then this is simply. Well, he saves, yeah. Yeah, you know, trying to get him on a niche since it was something because, you know, these guys shouldn't even be working for anybody. Just the comment. Okay, listen. Yeah, how big is your TV screen? Twenty seven inches. No, your TV screen. My TV screen? I have a great day. All right, see it. 1237 at WIWD. Hey, listen, he should be a stand up, tall and proud. If you can stand up, we have an open line of day, 751 and one at Palm Beach, 655. But, you know, it's interesting with Colk, because that's a perfect example of all. It's a crap-backed fourth thing going about. It's just, you know, it's just a radio show. And that's true. It's not, that's not my real say that to be like a cover up by. It's a show. It's life. If you can't have a good laugh at yourself and it light, I mean, life is a joke. WIWD. Yes, I like to be clear for it. You bet you're hold on. Twenty two and a half before one at your insecure, idiotic, ostracized, ostrich size station WIWD. Anyway, it's the 1240 at WIWD. And Ellie and I is up on a chair there. Well, no, she's writing on a blackboard. And we just open up a couple of words. Check, see her 108. We just crossed another barrier. How do you like that? Hey, Uncle Neil, the new improved skinny Johnny Dark here. I was supposed to be in the next break. Anyway, I thought it was the other thing in there. I don't know what's it. See, the machines are on the floor. Now I got a cue that up again. She's Johnny Cutter-Crap. I thought Duman was in that thing. But that's what happens when a cart machine's around a floor, a med choke. Playem Southern Bell for everything. But at the meantime, where's our cart deck? Don't you think in honor of this really great book that I just had with a 63 when all those great demographics they had to put that cart deck right there and cut the crap and stop at the excuses? Let's get on top of it. Anyway, what's our just in? Oh, Ellie, I ought to change it total. 108,000, 26. We just crossed the 108 barrier. Outstanding. Now what are we doing? We're going to a north-lauderdale. Feel how you doing? Okay. Have the unproved with your listening to Skeet King either day. Wow. And what a guy. He's pathetic just like he said. Hmm. I mean, he's got nothing else better to do. Said talk about you and Rick and Sutt. Yeah. Now my authority, Hissio Bless, down to three components. Me, Rick and Sutt suck and... Who? Mouth, really? I mean, I'm not covering up for feelings of an adequate semi. He's a fathom. Well, he's got a psychosis about me that stems back to when he first came in as time. I've never seen anything like it in my life. He went into New York. We used to get spy reports from people calling from the city or around New York. Saying he was talking about me on here. Now what the hell do I mean? Yeah. I'm WADC in New York. I've never worked in a market. Most of the people are never heard of me. But he's just got this obsession and not called the Elissa. I mean, a general life already. He's still in a life beside the baseball card. I mean, look at his white. I'm putting out. And he tells that on the air. He was to everybody know about it. Come on, sir. Put that in. Oh, Chuck. No. You know, I was off the grass. I mean, I asked for it. Let me ask you this. If you are married to Steve, would you be busy? Uh, probably not. Probably not. Now what was the, uh, of the city? I, yes. Somebody told me that you had a, uh, herniy operation. And I just had one. Our herniy operation. Yeah. No, I have a mental hernia. What? A mental hernia. Why would that help hernia had a herniy operation? I did. What name is a gimpi? Gimpi? Yeah. Is it going to make some of my names? Gimpi? Yeah. What? I just heard the operation. Okay. 1243 a WIO deal with Steve's brother calling him. We have an open line in Broward 52494635 WIOD. Georgia's on a bat line. Yeah. He'll hold on. Is that Phil Saltsman? Okay. Let's get right to it ladies and gentlemen. The voice of reason is calling from Colorado, Ray Strecke, man who gave you more 240 horses on Friday. Then we've ever seen in one card in one day. Meal, I've been listening to you most of the morning. And you are on a roll today. A man who invested $55 in a bet 3 and got back 20 to 60, but cashed. Edible, I feel you're doing it. It's not important whether you win a lose as long as you can. Let me ask you a question. I don't want to get you involved because you're in a student observer for many years of the racing scene. It's torn up many at ticket. I'm just, you hear my comment about this. I'm not a bad loser. I'm really not as you know. But there are some horses you see at Ray Strecke that obviously don't belong out there. Okay. And don't you agree that a little bit more could be done with creating a little more confidence with the public. I don't want to put you on the spot. Yes. Is the answer to the question? I mean, if you were to see in last night, if you had been calling the race, you would have had to have like the amount of Palamar telescope to see where this horse was. Well, that's happened before. But then I don't want to play devil magic. But then there could be a lot of reasons why that happened. Yeah, but it happened twice in a row and you didn't have to qualify after the first time. Well, in a horse's distance when it says DIS, okay? As in this and that, as in this, this, I just think that maybe they ought to see if further something wrong. There before they let people make tangible support to it. The next time out there on the track is it goes backward in about 2, 4, 10. But anyway, that's neither here nor there, right? I guess so. But no, I would tend to agree with you. And the, I've been fighting when Nils and this game for 35 before a year. And the problem is the more you talk to folks about that, and I'm talking about the powers that be the more they just kind of, hey, isn't it a pretty died? And we got the lights on. They just, first, whatever the reason they, these are certain things that they just don't like hearing about. Well, you know, sometimes you bring up points that are very hard to deal with. You know, they're not a diss sometimes between a rock and a hard place themselves. Or maybe they're in Quebec, which would be a good place for them. Do we have any French Canadians that come to Gulf Stream by any chance? Oh, sure. Oh, please. Oh, I don't mean, the start to calling me. Yes, sir. Oh, boy. Storage is called about that cripple-hort, I'm sorry. Don't, I just have to make a quick advance. Okay, go ahead. You'll train a more rhythmic plan. Or be it from us, too, in the fringe on the activities we've called a race for. Doesn't always make you feel like you're on the inside of something where fuel has to make these announcements. I'm sorry for that. I was it. I was just saying to our limited audience that it's always like kind of being on the inside of something. When we have you on a phone and you get to make the, and we hear this in the background. Yeah, well, uh, today is a truth. I'm kind of like a jack-a-wall trades up here. I'm almost everybody's whipping boy, so to speak. Oh, well, I suppose means there's, I need this announcement. Uh, it's my obligation to do it. So sometimes I get interrupted when I really don't want to, but I can't take my phones off the hook. Yeah, you know. Like surely you left your lights on, go out to the parking lot. That's kind of stuff. Oh, we've had some great things. Oh, you know, my favorite ran in so much just to make the double. He likes the card doors ran in. I had to make it announced and go out. You left your motor running. Oh, you took the words out of my mouth. That's always my favorite. I used to jack rigs at each regular's of wife's dear. Then thinking was making up will so and so. Please report to Lot A. Your lights, uh, your, uh, car is locked. Your engine is running. And I always thought that was, uh, fictitious, but I guess it's true. Yeah, it's true. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. So we got Angel Mine in the first race with early fires. You came in yesterday. One, a red off the bat from out of nowhere from Chicago getting ready for the Gulf stream. So I'm going back with them again. Okay. Well, here's the call. I'm re-creating it from the top of the stretch. Here we go. There's a quarter of a month ago. They turned for home. They went to half and 46 and three. Don't be calling. Move up on the outside to get the lead by a light. I will leave the early pace that is back to second angel mine on the move. It's still absurd. Then shining on between horses with sunny Saints or the inside reverse response to weekend. Then silver agatinity, acceptive betmots for him on the inside. They must pass the eights. Go on. Don't be quiet. Stands early to three lights. Now only weakening as Angel mine comes on down the middle of the track. Then it's silver agatinity with the set of bet on the rail. They come past the 16th ball. Don't be quiet. Extend it will lead to five in. Not going to get it today. Angel mine. Now moves into the second position. Now only with the set of bet. They come to the wire and dump the coil and easy first time starter winner Angel Mine was a clear and easy second Deceptive death gets up to be third well second is a lot better than what we've been doing lately, right? That's true and she ran a big race at this first time starter hadn't been something special Or she probably would have gotten Johnson a lot better than par semonia son would say All you we won't mention that now hey listen her be can't win them all, you know, so that's Katie swiney one that race That's right. Oh, she's a nice little jockey. She's doing pretty well Yes, you did a nice person she came by she came by Friday before we went on the air and she's a very very nice young lady and she's gonna be a good one I think so Anyway, listen, I've got the horses on the track for the second. Okay, well, listen, we're getting there. Phil get a little closer Okay, baby. I'll lift you a pick tomorrow. Okay, Phil. Thanks. All right. 1248 is good old WIOD and boys 1253 and incredible lady We thank you profusely just came in a building. She said she gave no holiday presents this year Instead gave the money she would have spent she brought us a $400 check for commercial sauce incredible Thank you, man. We have a hundred eight thousand four twenty six and counting with about a week to go in Amazing Okay, let's do a mobile in Boca. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Good. It's highly. I'm gonna run this here This year no they apply for dates next year, but don't hold your breath and And one more question. Yeah. What is a gypsy oprion? Oh, it's you don't you feel bad about that that's that It surely is a very nice person, but I think she got caught like between Uranus and Jupiter I mean she is so far in the Lala land now. It is just She thought something wow Okay, I have a good day YouTube man 1254. I WIOD. Here's what is it? Marguer. Hello. Any old up? How you doing? Doing good. What's going on? So you went into your monologue about the big FFCL and I was inclined to listen to it for a little bit Yeah, and Here is your I mean going on and on about you he was going oh, it's okay Wait a minute. Let's let's Yeah, but let's get the timeframe right because I mean is this was yesterday's it again today today? Oh, again today. Yeah today This going on and on you think it's open phones call up any subject you want and all the colors are Neil this Neil bad Neil sucks We hate Neil. Well, let's see that's the whole thing they're trying to make an appeal all the people who hate my guts Which basically is the old far it's all the old chronic voices here who've been bashing me for 15 years and listen That's what they're going to get basically anyways people are over the age of a house Is that you that's doing your bashing him? He's not bashing you. Yeah, right? You're attacking him. But you see that's childish again. That's the same. See I didn't bring anybody on the air to do an attack on him for three hours I didn't send anybody a letter I read the letter the fact that he's friends with these people Which he claims has nothing to do with anything and if that's the case Then what does he got to do with it in the first place? What what is now? Have to do with this this is between me and somebody wrote a letter I read on the ear and that was it and all of a sudden becomes a big FtL promotion all Neil all day again Isn't it is that and they're doing it again today and the norm did it all morning this morning? I even called him on the air. I mean it just that's the format all Neil all day and I wish him luck But I just I don't think it's gonna make it because I think those people are interested in Neil most of them on listening over here He called you the wizard of odds Yeah, you sit on a big throne and you're a little kingdom that's right judgment on people That's right I'm the wizard you know what it reminds me like what that was said yesterday Remember when you grew up they used to tell you about the good fairy right? Well, he's the good fairy and I'm the bad fairy Okay, exactly what he's saying there you go Exactly what he's saying well listen consider the source pal. I am considering it have a great life Bye bye 12.56 to Wild We have an open line in Broward a coward about Broward five two four Wild and one in Palm Beach 65 5 9463 65 5 we don't give a good crap Sunny aisles Neil yes Roger from Toronto hey, Roger. How you doing? How you doing, eh? Is there first calling when I say hello? We love you guys up there great? Oh wait What do you mean we love you guys up there up there? Yeah up there we love you guys how about those leaves man? We lost the game last year Yeah, but they lost the we needed that win last night man. We're back in last place in the league again Well, you know We didn't want Lindra anyway though ghost of Harold Ballard has come back again. I think new and improved we need foster he would new and improved hey How about that? I don't know who I like on a maple you really a maple leave fan that died heart They had to on the bus you want me to tell you a real a player Dave Hannan Great stuff. This kid's gonna be good. Well my hero is always David Keele. No, you're I'm talking now Don't be one of these people listen to pass with Johnny Bowren Frank Mahabwich and Home state and Bobby Pulford and Ron Stewart and Carl Brour and Tim Horton We don't want to live in the past do we actually why not? We're within my story the other day Carl Brour. Yeah, I bet your Tim Horton wasn't in your story No, I don't have that kind of coffee shop. Okay Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha yeah He's gonna be on dead a real life Saturday we took Mari yesterday No, I don't want you to blow a good thing that we've got going for this year. Yeah, you know we've been sending Down these fresh kids Yeah, thanks a lot And I'm back. Thanks a lot, eh Dan. What are cur- what is this like getting even or something? Set a bat please We're some bat please We'll even let the Leafs win another game this season out You believe that, he hung up on us, eh? Come on, Rod, put you up a little wood, will ya? W-I-O-D. May I talk to Mr. Rod? Yes, sir. Is this Lou? Yes. Lou, fine, man? Yes. You know something I got to be honest with you. I hope this is Mr. Rodgers. Yes. I opened up your package the other day. Yes. And in it for the benefit of the audience, it was a douchebag, a real one. Yeah, the other one. It was an author. It said the check is in the bag. And of course, most people would think, you know, throw it away. And I looked inside and there was the check. Then inside the bag. Yeah. Thank you, Lou. Hello. Yeah. I think maybe you were an auction at office, do you official? You're right. You do, Spag. Not a bad idea. You might break my money into check with for. Absolutely. And believe me, there are plenty of people in this town make good use of it. Exactly. And that's a good, uh, there's people in front of Loddedill. Yeah, right. All right. Thank you, Lou, and just remember it's in the bag. Yeah, we may be. Yes, sir. Thank you. You're okay, my book. Even with the cat. That's right. Okay. We have an open line of date, county 7519463 and one in Palm Beach, 655, Wim. 655, W.I. Ostresized D. Ostresized. I like that. Ostresized. Like about like that. Okay. Speaking of that, the lovely, the talented, the vivacious, the neurotic Elaine Etteris standing by with our one o'clock news, without hair done to her, public. And then we'll come back with our mammoth one to two hour. We got Rick and Sots from two to six this afternoon. They got a bunch of crap for us. So be ready for that. 605 sports talk featuring raid Bentley line back. Or of the soon to be defeated Buffalo bills. Hank Goldberg ate to eleven tonight. Celebrating 65 years of radio. This is how Florida's news, traffic and weather station. Who's talk radio, six can W.I.O.D. Miami Ford Latterdale. Who's talk radio, six can W.I.O.D. presents the deal Rogers show. To get in touch and talk with Neil, dial 751 W.I.O.D. from day. In Broward, it's 524 W.I.O.D. on the 655 W.I.O.D. and bell-top mobility customers. Make it a free call by dialing star, I.O.D. The opinion is expressed by the guest host of colors and not necessarily those positions. Now here's the arotters. On New York Radio, six can W.I.O.D. No, I can't. I really can't. Let me tell you something. The only thing bigger than the one to two hour is that Debbie Alice. Oh, yes, yeah, cow. Oh! Now, back to dog jeopardy and your host, Alex Drupark. We move on now to double jeopardy. Sparky, you add the low score at the end of the last round. Choose a category please. All right. What a culture for 200. The tough exterior covering of the common birch stream. No, I'm sorry. We cannot give that to you. It must be in the form of a question. What is bark? Sparky, you still have control of the board. Taboos, 400. And the answer is, the new sofa and the poodle next door. All right. What are two things on not allowed on? Personal hygiene for 200. The answer is, because they can. Scruffy. No, bonbon. Correct. The answer is, because they can. The question, why do dogs look there? Oh, and that means we're out of time. We'll return with final dog jeopardy. Where our category will be. Scratch and sniff. Wait up to this. Okay, sniff this. 107 at Good Old W.I.O.D. It's our mammoth, our spectacular one to two hour. It's open phones today. You know what that means, boys and boys, girls. Talk about Neo. Can we have a, we need to Mitch Lewis do a song called Juvenile. Juvenile. There are the tune of, um, pop, pop, pop. What is that tune? That's it. That's it. That's it. Whatever it is. I sometimes wonder, what is that song? Jizabel. Remember Jizabel? Hey, Surge remember Jizabel because he's old. He is ancient. You know that such a 783? I'll tell you he must know what he looks like a quiet boring life. That's how he's gotten to look. So we never does a damn thing. That's what his wife said. Miami. Uncle Meal. Yes, sir. How you doing? Welcome to House Party. Well, listen, the L.I.I. enjoy the 18 hours of golf and coverage of the game day. But, uh, why don't we get rid of the pondreeth Mr. Weaver? Miami has so fun. What was it? What are we getting rid of, uh, Mr. Poppy, cock Weaver? No, I can't. I really can't. Well, he's been trying. What a way to W.I.O.D. we have an open line in date. 751. Let's go to plantation if we must. I know. Yes, sir. Have you mentioned to what's really important in society that, uh, Ferguson Jenkins was elected to the Hall of Fame? Exactly. Another Canadian ladies and gentlemen, Furgy Jenkins of the... I know actually what I was going to ask you. Do you think it took him so long to get elected to the... a... A big thing in there? Go ahead now. Of the Chicago Cubs is what I was going to say. That's the important part. What is it? What is it? What are you going to ask you, is do you think it took him so long to get elected to the Hall? A because he had been charged previously with cocaine possession. Or b is because he's from can-to-can it up. There's a drive that my fellow go right back. It might be... It's for days. It might sound like a white bag that might be... It's for days. It is. Oh, oh, oh. There's a lover coming here. What is it? A great day, sir. How about that Rob Kuro? It's about time I got another Jewish player in the Hall of Fame, right? Amen. That line four looks like it's ringing to me George. You're ringing at least once before you picked it up. Just a joke. Don't start getting up tight like all your other friends. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I was wondering if I could excuse my voice. Wait a minute, here comes that horse. Hit him again, Jeff. And a boy. I'm sorry. He just crossed the line. Still getting overlaid and jaded from the game. Oh, man. Well, when I left the game, I thought boy, I'm not going to be able to talk on Monday, but it came back real quick, but about two hours I could barely speak after that game. I'm still having trouble getting it back. Yeah. I've always do. Do you see the paper today for Waterdale? About Goldstream adding about three in the fixix. Really? Yeah. I'll be damned. Let's see, Goldstream opens on a 14th. Calder's last day is the 13th, which is what? Sunday? That's correct. And Goldstream opens Monday. Because this year they're going to be dark on Wednesdays at Goldstream. Right. Okay. Hey, also give Christmas list to mention there. Yeah, Dave Joseph has done a really good job this year too. Yeah. And he also made a very good point with he made that cost to comment about bringing the quarter horses back. Right. I'll stand a job, Dave. You tell it like it is. Keep up the good work, Neil. Thanks, pal. Hit him again, Jeff. Come on. There we go. Oh, look at that. He just took off like a shot. He came there last quarter and 46th and 3th. We have an open line in Broward, 524, stiff, 524, WIOD. I would never want to come across the sore loser because I'm not. But it just, I mean, sooner or later, you know? They all got to finish sooner or later, don't they? Mobile and Carroll City. Neil, Neil. Yeah. Hey, longtime listener first time call. Great. You just get this phone? No. I'd think, listen, I don't talk about topics on your show. That's right. But I'd like to, you mentioned something about the race track and how the race track has obligated to protect the public. Right. And I would like to mention one subject real quick. And maybe I'll save one person's money and heartache. I got a dog from one of those local pet shops that are in the mall. And the dog has just about died over the weekend and having major surgery is going to cost me about two grand. Now, the other thing was, I found out last week that four other dogs that came from the same pet store have the same situation. Bad health, birth defects, nothing else. And I just, I hope that somebody out there's listening to me does not go and buy a pet any kind of pet from these pet stores. Well, listen, do me a favor, will you please? Sure, I'm not being facetious. Call up, call up, is it Bob Mayer who does that at Channel 4? Yeah. And call up Bob Mayer at Channel 4 and get you to him. I mean, even if they have to leave a message and they'll do an expose out of him. They've been doing a good number on him. Well, I'm thinking about a lot, too. But I, you know, that's the end of the day. I'm not the part. But the fact is that my family's gone through heartache. And this dog had that major neck reconstructive surgery. And that's crazy. But hopefully, whoever's listening out to this great audience out there, please do not buy a dog or a cat or any other pet at the mall. You save a lot of heartache. Okay, sir. Thank you, Nick. Good luck to you. Good luck to you and scruffy. Bob, Bob, I'd say after what a WIOD. Unfortunately, my dog's made it. They're still going. Add a little one. Boys here. Narotic, little butterriers. Narotic. Ooh, they're just, they do stuff just to piss you off. Really do. They just, it's just to be nasty. We have an open line in Broward, 5249463, 524WI, Osterit size D, and we'll be right back. Another one just basically a bunch of crap. Oh, excuse me. 116 at WIOD. So I think I'll have another one. Like a little hauls thing. Oh, you know what? I don't have to do that because in my bag will be here. Tommy brought me my new trist system stuff. I'll have those things that I can suck on. Alright, cut the crap. Where is it? Oh, boy, did he bring me a lot of stuff or a lot? Wow. That denobird man, I tell you when he's good, he's good. Which isn't often in when he's bad. He's pathetic. A four-laterdale. Hercial. Gordon. Gordon. Louis. Your goofball. Boot. At large. Yeah. Okay, thank you Steve. 116 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward, 5249s, and 524WIOD. North Palm Beach. Deal. Does that it? Deal. Are you in North Palm Beach? Yes, sir. I'll be damned. I don't know. How are you doing? What do you mean change the subject? We're not going to change the subject. No, okay, you're right. What do you think about the buddy Ryan situation? What do I think about it? Where do you think you might say? I would say good, I think he's going to want to have a Tampa Bayes, what everybody is saying? Thanks, huh? Good riddance to bad rubbish. Did you might turn it around? In Tampa Bay, no way, Jose. You don't think so? I'd be honest with you. The Norman Braiman bothers me a lot. I mean, I don't want you to hear Norman Braiman. I would hang that night. Yes, sir. I know in Braiman bugs me. He's one of these guys who's got a lot of money and is very smuggable about it. You know, it kind of talks down to him. Right. He's exactly right. Yeah, but like, that's something like Tampa Bay. Could you sort of... Why are you concerned about the Eagles or Tampa Bay? Norman, don't you think? Well, there's so many cares about them. They're small potatoes. In fact, let me ask you this question. Are either one of them in a playoffs now? They're gone. That's right. So we're still alive, okay? Like in Godfather One, he says we shot him five times and he's still alive. You're right, Nate. Hey, Neil. Talking about the Godfather, right? Yeah. Now you think good fellows? Yeah. All right. You don't know what fellows was actually. There's this one cart you got. I don't think you ever played it, but it was... Wait a minute. Wait a minute. If I have one cart, I never played it. Then how do you know I have it? I heard it on the Rick and Sudge Show. Well, did they ever done I knew that it could be... Yeah. It was Go Petsky. Yeah. Being trolley brown. Go Peshie being trolley brown. Yeah, it was real brown. Wait a sec. We need you in here, suds. Wait a minute. Sudge is coming in. Just second. Come on. Not on your hands in these. Oh, he's just... That's what he was. I'm sorry. But he was into... I... what would you know? You're short, too. That Joe Peshie. What's the question? What is it? Joe Peshie, matitting trolley brown. Who was all that time for me? That might be better, month. He's already browned, like, in the comics? Yeah. Who was an imitation? Was on a... Rock comedy network, probably. I... no, I don't recall. Oh, you guys didn't on yet the new show. Nah, it was probably on her social-gordon Lewis's show. No. Wow. It's probably on Robert Q Lewis. Speaking of what? Probably on the way, but I swear I heard it. Well, I've tell you what. I'm going to stick their hands to the fire and make them find it, okay? Do it, Neil. By tomorrow. Have a good show, buddy. See ya. Just at a phone conversation with a guy. Yeah. Bill McCornick. Oh, he was a chief thunder thought on the Howdy Goodyear. Do you remember him? Oh, man. You remember thunder thought? Yeah. How long ago? Yeah. Well, you see, he was the one cow a bung. He knew that father's meal. Because this cow a bung, a simpson crap, is a rip off. Okay. And like, squill a dude. There was that one I would hide button. You choose that stuff. Okay. Well, the chief says he listens to you quite often. Great. How about Dayton Allen? If you told me Dayton Allen was, I would feel really, he's up on New York. I'd be impressed. Why not? He was tremendous. I told you that he was a chief and buffalo bob and, Howdy. Did he keen, who was a head writer for that show for a rail on the light? I'm a little light. I'm a little light. Howdy, hands a lot and you have a big light. What is it? How long is it? No, ah. That's a simpsons. No. Well, he's an injector. Yeah. But it's in the simpsons. But in that all the simpsons don't say that? No. Well, Bart says it. Yeah. He says it all the time. Dude, once in a while, yeah. Yeah. Howdy does it. Exactly. 45 years ago. Trending water. Like you're doing now, Rick. What is he talking about? Well, why are we asking him? We're not the part. We're called Bunga Police. Yeah. Why do we ask him about, well, go get him and I'll do a spot, okay? Have you been to the Outback yet? Yes. Excellent. Twice. Wow. And of course, you don't Rick and suds. They are pretty demanding. I'm serious. I'm so excited about it. I'm so excited about it. I'm so excited about it. I'm so excited about it. Rose is your red. They're set always linkers. If you think that's potent, just pull on my finger. Wait till they get all load up me. Happy Valentine's Day. Can you answer me one question? Is that Jack Nicholson supposedly? Is that the senator from Nots Landing? How about the Nots Landing anyway? Have you ever seen Jack Nicholson and William Devane together? Never. You may share the same liver. Anyway, a good old Roger from the Entertainment Report on a Microner show just called Remind me. The Jack Atherton is a guy channel for who does the consumer bits. And he's going to be out with Chuck E. Meyer on our Saturday morning. We can't extravaganza the Saturday from 8 to 9 in the morning. Like for an hour. So you can call in the guy with a dog problem. They really do an excellent job. I'm not too excited about some of the channel for new stuff. But that part, they really do it. So call him up with Chuck E. This Saturday morning. Oh, surf side. Are you serious? Hello. Hello. Oh, yeah. How are you doing? Okay. Oh, yeah. Very short. Okay. Tell the old I'd rubbish yesterday. Don't pay no attention to it. Yeah. Also, have you seen any good movies lately? If I see any good movies. See, by by birdie to play down on the beach that be tied. Maybe be trying or throwing a door of stagons. If you have great planes, this is good as the movie was. Okay. Okay. Markswell. Boy boy. Whatever you say. What the hell is he talking about? You know, I wouldn't you think they'd speak the language we invented? There's an open line in Dave County, 751, no obelanglace, a key, 751Wild. Let's go to Boka. Oh, how's it going, Neil? Okay. Okay. Listen, who's that? You know, in the gut for the part one, that guy had it for the horses. Who's his name? Um, Walt. Walt. Yeah. You ever see him and Mark believe you together? I saw him doing the Walt's together, tomato. I hope they do the Walt's together after this game Saturday. Okay. So we about it. Mark, ladies. Mark, believe he looks like he's been stuffed and petrified, didn't he? He's like one step away from Jerry Burns of the Vikings. He looked like he's all half dead on the sidelines. But a horse has headed in his bed. An additional which the last Jewish football coach I remember was Ellie Sherman at the Giants. Remember what they did to him? Yeah. Good bye, Ellie. Boy, are they hate him like poison? I don't mind he isn't dealing with Chris Brown. Exactly. I like Chris Brown, but I got to tell you something that bud bull crab has got to go. That is the most pathetic. I mean juvenile. I agree with me to go in. You know in the Godfather part one, you know where to keep. I thought I got one of the best parts in the whole movie. When Luke Arroy was sitting outside for rehearsing his part. Oh yeah. He kept on saying, don go to your. Yeah. Well, and even better than that is when he finally gets to go in. Yeah. And he says, thank you for inviting me on the day of your daughter's wedding. Yeah. Like like he stuck the apostrophe in it. Your daughter's wedding. I know you are busy now, so I'm going to leave you done, Corleon. Something for your daughter's bridal purse. Thank you, my fabulous friend, Luke. I could do the whole dialogue. I've almost seen it seven hundred times. Yeah, really I can do a witty fron. Let's be honest, you know, there'll never be another Godfather one. That was the definitive. I mean that was it. It had it all the suspense and the drama and Marlon Brando. I mean, the others are good, but that was just the beginning and end of all things. That was the best one. I get a dialogue with you. One good thing. Listen. But I like when he, yes. This is not the show where guys call it and make dates. That's a word. Now that he's out, man, they're just standing online. All right. I like the, I like when, uh, when, uh, K asks Michael. She says, what is he, what are they doing that for? Who is that scary man? That's Luke Abrazzy. He knows my, he knows my father would think. Yeah. I like it. Anyway, have a good life, Neil. And a San DuPow. Oh. 1249. 1249. Where the, where did that time come from? 1249. What the hell is that? Isn't that bizarre? God. Oh, I'm getting choked up from that last call. It's 1249 and WI would do a 1249 sounds pretty interesting to me. Uh, we have an open line in Palm Beach. Of course, if you care to participate and if not, we don't really care. 655 WIOD Sunny Isles. Hi. Hi. Hi. How you doing? Great. How you doing? I'm doing great. Good. Susan from Toronto, actually. How you being Susan? Great. Well, that's great. Hey. Love your show. We, we take your, your shows when we're down here. We play him in our store. As they say on the egg business, great. Yeah. And you like to have a day. Hmm. What about all you fray? What do you mean? What about? What do you mean? What do you mean? Do I like him? What are we talking about Susan? Are we talking about from his planes? I mean, ally afraid he is an ugly guy. And he needs to go to the wizard of Oz to get a brain. Yeah. No, Hannah. No, I think he's a good. I'm not talking about how they look. Okay. All I wish they bring back Jim Dory. Do you remember Jim Dory? I remember Jim Dory. We have season tickets. Do you remember Jim McKenney? Jim McKenney, my favorite player got his sweater. See, the least used to be good and we looked good. Now they just distinct, but I mean, no, but I'm not. I'm not. Hannah's a player. And I'll tell you in this plan pretty good in the goal, eh? Yeah, not that. Better defense. That's what that's what does it. Right. That's what does it. And my crucial excuse of plan a pretty good game. Yep. Yeah. When we're just waiting for the Russian guy to start. Right. Yeah. How do you get all this? How do you get all our games? You got a satellite. Yes, man. Well, we got a satellite in Toronto. We don't get, I mean, outside of our regular channels. We don't get early. Any other least games away. How do you get them? Well, you know what? No, I don't want to get Saturday night. Oh, yeah, Saturday night. How can you night and can today? Right. What about Wednesday nights? You don't get them? No. No, see those are a lot. You get that local. Yeah, we get that local. And I, you know, I have had bivalent feelings because Bob Cole, I think is pretty good. But I miss Bill a few. I'm sorry. I agree. Bill a few. It was the greatest talking answer in history of the sport. He really was. Yeah. I thought it was good of course, but he was like an old time. But Bill, he would made those games so exciting. Jerry's great. Yeah. And he did it in the beginning. I didn't like him at all. I hated him because I wanted to see the national anthem with the organ and the thing. That's a great space to go. No, at the gardens. So that's, it's fun. It's great. It's great. But Don Cherry, he grows on you. He's a lot of fun. He's got a big mouth like me and I like him. That's why we like him. And we got everybody in our store. All the kids come in with me to take great. How's Andy? Well, the Leafs all away. Okay, some year. Great. Just remember punch in like loose. Thanks, Susan. Thanks, the elf. Bye, bye. Isn't that great? We're going to view Maple Leaf fans here. Wonderful. Boy, we could go Saturday. They just beat the crap out of the Pittsburgh Penguins. And Pittsburgh was in a real hot streak too. And they came in and we just pasted him a six to three. And I just loved it. It was like bring back the old times. Right Bob Cole. Hey Bob, grow some hair. Well, yeah. And Harry Neale. He's okay too. But he's about 400 years old. And he. Oh, man. I got. I love when you get these like little coughing fits when he gets like a little hair. In your nose, Rick. Wow. It's fun. And there's nothing. Have you ever seen like somebody on the news get that? Good one of those coughing fits. Oh, that's just the can you imagine being out of camp? Because I don't ready to shut off the mic or you can play a bit or you can just sit here and gag and poop like I'm doing, which I kind of enjoy. Because I like sharing everything with the audience, whether it's good or bad. But on TV, it kind of like. Just as make it. I'm thumb-limmer around because I want to find something for Susan the nice lady and all our other fans out there. Hello, Canada and hockey fans and the United States and Yippon land. And I like to bake hello to Canadian servicemen over and say. Hey, foster. Fosterly. Two. He's far. Foster. Where's that horse? Okay, that's enough. One thirty three a WIOD got the dolphin game on Saturday afternoon. We got the Leafs and who the hell we plan Saturday night? Somebody. Somebody weak. Oh hard for it. I think we might win that game. Miami. Good afternoon. How you doing? Perfect. I should tell you that it's the cage that. T-nage. T-nage turtle. Lutin. Yeah. But how about this Bart Simpson say that? He says I Karamba. Oh, tell him more flair. Excuse me. I'm sorry. That's what I know about that. Thank you. Wow. Well, thank her for correcting us because the last thing I'd ever wanted to be would be wrong. I mean, I don't want our Orientalist music. Oh, everybody's got their WIOD watch. All right. Oh, and I don't put it there. Come on. Oh, I guess it helps to know what time it is for that to. We have an open line of Dave County 751 9463 751. I'm not going to say it. Okay. I say a lot of stuff about management, but you know, they might be touching about that because Mr. Disney himself personally came in and he didn't give that to personally. Oh, well, he gave me mine personally and I just, you know, he may be uptight about those watches. Okay. I mean, Oh, God. And after you work here like 30 years, you get like a regular band. You get like a metal band. Aluminum. I think. 26 till 2 at WIO's Bridge size D and we'll be right back. 137 at WIOD. Well, we're playing it today, but just a little bit some pieces because we don't want to get accused of overreacting, right? Opponite. Oh, yes, sir. Yes, this is Neil. Yeah. This is a long time listener first from color. Great. I go to the Perimutuals every once alive on the Highlight and the Pomponite Park and Colour. And what seems to me, I don't know if this happens. What does it seem to you? Okay. Like when you go to Highlight, you know, these guys make these outrageous catches and everything. And then what's right to them? Yeah. They can't seem to catch it. Wow. That's one of those things, you know? And like you know what they say in baseball, sometimes the ball hits it. Right at you is the hardest to feel. That sounds like a good excuse to them. Yeah. Okay. And the other gripe I had was a pop in a park at one time. I had this horse that was going on over three years ago. And he was leading at least by a length or two. Yeah. What happened? The Jockey all of a sudden decides to stand up on the horse and let these other two horses come. What do you mean the Jockey? The Jockey on the quarter horse. On a quarter horse. Well, quarter horses. A lot of problems there. And of course they are bringing him back. So good luck to everybody concerned on that. Yeah, but I'm kind of distance myself from all of that quarter horse business because my feeling, you know what? Do you know why they call him quarter horses, don't you? No. Because that's as much as I'd ever bet on him. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Don't you think something? That's for the whole night. That's for the whole car. Yeah. That's like a lot of these races seem to be rigged. Sir, I didn't say that. No, I'm just saying it. You're saying that. And I'm saying that. Let's put it delicately. Sometimes they look bad. Those quarter horses. That what you're saying? Yeah. They look, you know, I'm like you say once the wall they get. Well, let's see if Dave Joseph is right or if the folks over there can really straighten them out this summer. Okay. Yeah. Because about time you look at somebody else's money. Get these stiffs out there. The stiff is the word, sir. Just if get the stiffs and send them to Quebec, right? Exactly. With a banjo on their thing. Okay. I'll good luck you pal. Alright. 1308 at WIOD. We have an open line at Broward 5249 for... Oh wait a minute. Hit him again. Here he comes. Come on. Give him a... Yeah. What did I start to say? Oh, yeah. 524. I'm not bitter. Not me. But, you know, when the other horses are going around and he's going in the other direction. Ah. I get a little nervous. Mobile in the cables. Hello? Yes, sir. I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm looking at first time calling. Terrific. I got one question. Okay. What did you dislike about salespeople so much? Uh, geez. Now why didn't you give me a little advance warning on this? It's the end of the show. I'm putting cards away. I'm not getting, uh, getting a mile. I'm talking about radio salespeople. You do understand, don't you? Oh, no. I wasn't aware of that. I thought it was all salespeople. No. I just found a card I wanted to use a little while. Well, geez. I healed it here. Okay. Now that doesn't fit now, but I did want to use that earlier. So if anybody was ready for it and missed it, there it was. Okay. All right. Now what was the question to get about what? About salespeople. I was wondering why this likeness so much. Salespeople are animals. Okay. I don't understand it. Radio salespeople. Sir, you've got to understand there are different breed. Okay. They're all hatched out of a gigantic factory in Nashville, Tennessee. They've got to understand the Andrew Jackson's home. Now to the nature of the home at it. They have a big barn back there. And all these gigantic eggs are pulsing. And you know, inside each egg is another line of freight is or Tom Deniburg or Kenny Tillman waiting to pop out and recap it on broadcasters from coast to coast. Okay. I'm glad you clarified that for me. Trust me when I tell you. Can I just call front of my to do spags? Absolutely. Daddy, take up your to spags. And in closing, sir, I want to remind you of one thing. What the salespeople are I told? Have a great life. Do do. Okay. 140 at WIWD. Look at how we got three open lines. And we got about a few minutes to kill here. Minus to the next break. Which about like three and a half. Well, I like to figure these things out erasmetically. Okay. Get out your little slide wool and slide it. 751 WIWD and dateers. And opening there. We have one in Broward. 524. What a mobile rail soft mobility. That one has been. I don't know. It was. It was. It was. Rose was great. She took a lot of time. But she was excellent as always. And we had. What's it? Sally. Sally. Suzy. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. She's the furgy. Yeah. Our loyal comes. Boy. Remember him was lying. Suffering cubs. You're any banks and purgy jackets and playing all those miserable teams. They just kept banging away doing their thing. The piano and cats and jeers. Yeah. Right. Well, men up now when I called. I sure hope not. Well, what I wanted to call it back to you and. He was about. You know, you're off. No, I've already given him more than enough publicity. Sir, okay. When he starts when he starts paying, sending us a check for all of free advertising. No, you know, you want to get serious for one minute. One thing I discovered today when I came on, I did my little. Which I was going to do regardless. Okay, because I want to give it out of my system. I discovered that this audience, the people all over here at Wild. They're not interested in that. That's another one of those things like W.S. News in the past with the. A battle, the radio wars and all that crap that they're trying to resurrect. It's all ancient history. It doesn't fly anymore. No, the the only people who want to participate in that are all the old hands. Okay. And I'm sure that those are the people who are over there right now. Pitching in with out. Oh, yes. You're right. He's a bastard. And we're upset. And we don't want old hands over here. Old hand radio is not for us. That's W.S. News. You know, and if that's what they want to resurrect, that's it. They're right on the right path for. They're not going to leave me or even on radio. It's like a him party. Yeah. Well, you know, it's like when you talk about our actually the birds that members from long ago, you talk about Sandy and her sugar cookies. Mm-hmm. And almost nobody is know what you're talking about. But that was still fun. That was still fun. Oh, yeah. Oh, sugar confuse my reneary like to because he had Sandy like poison. Hey, but, right. He would never say that because he likes to be a nice general. Gentile guy that he hates or like poison. Can I ask one small request on him? Yeah. Small is the appitable. I just didn't ask it. I know. I know it's the worst thing to show all the time. We're religious like, yeah, and let me put another thing. Isn't it fascinating that when they had their opening and a battle of the, he was going through the same amount. Oh, my, but alas on him that won't have to listen to me. Oh, much anymore. If alas so interesting, how come it is it's Steve is with us like religiously almost every reading moment. 10 to 2. Well, we want to be back in our O.D. Wow. But what I wanted to answer. What's the question I can handle it? Is that, you know, I've seen if you're out there. Would you mind picking up the 35 dollars fine? I got from the core department for having to put all that. I'm leaving it forward. My tree is trying to pick up your save. No, I can't. I really can't. Have a great day. I'm too Neil. 144. I W.Y. Did that Henry man? He's always there when you need him, isn't he? We have an open line in Broward. You'll never get on the air. But boy, it's going to be so much holding on. Fun. Did I put those words necessarily in a right order? See, this is not a station where we care about necessarily putting in the right order words. But anyway, if you want to put your body on. 149. I'm going to do this not landing later in a second. But I just want to measure truck biogist came in and we may get like preempted or bumped in a couple of minutes or somewhere between now and two. So be prepared for that because we may have a special announcement. Do you realize it's like, what? About seven o'clock at night over there now? Almost eight o'clock in the middle of seven or eight o'clock. So they've been meeting like for hours and hours and hours and hours. And evidently, Secretary of State Baker has gotten an announcement that he's going to make sure. So if that's available and we code to it, we may get obviously we want to get that on right away. Right? That's right. Everything's important on the outside. Yeah, I mean, it's no not slanting, but it's something. No not slanting. Come on, morning. I will not forget that. But I was calling to remind you. Oh, really? He won 24. Wasn't that nice of you? Tomorrow ought to be pretty exciting. I tell you one thing, you should make room for guiding light in your life. I think I may try to do that. What time is that on? Three to four. Three to four. And since you have a satellite, if you want to pick it up, it's going to lay that four to five on the. You know, those calls we had yesterday about if three is changing and F1. I turned it on last night like after a minute, I'm there all everything's the same place where they always have. And I don't know what that's all about. I haven't noticed anything different. I don't know. So I think maybe Mercury is in their rain, your rain is. Don't you? I think the planets are like, I'll rearrange or something. Well, I'll be up there early if not at least I'll tape it. Okay. Okay. And tomorrow we can run. I said then tape it. We can run if we're everybody. That's right. But we want you know, we don't have to run. We can just give everybody a little piece. A little kiss. You were just smashing out a colder friday. Oh, tell you a closer. Did you lose your brains? Yes. Well, join the club. We all plunged our lungs and they're pretty happy about it. I guess I had no beginners work. That's amazing. Did you see the guy came up with a little girl to baby? No. Are you cereal? No. And he had picked the because of the colors or the nose. Yes, picked the numbers. He picked the five and I'd run race. The first race was like 26 bucks. And he'd better perfect it with it and got back here at a $5. Perfect. Got back 150. Oh, you know, out of nowhere. That's a way to do it. Because as I've always said, the more you know, the worse shape you're in. Well, I'll bring my kids back here. Very good. Spring pad Peterson too. But that sounds good. Yeah. You're a real private part of that clubhouse. Yeah. Sure. See tomorrow. Okay. One fifty one. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. What do you think about this device that's done by all trying to sell us? No. So color ID. When someone calls your number, you press the button and shows what numbers are calling. They're not trying to sell it to us now. Then it's not available yet. Well, I read in the paper that they're going to try to sell this to us. What do you think it is? First of all, dangerous. Well, what if you had it there and you know everybody's number that called in? Yeah. Then we wouldn't have to talk to jerks like you. One fifty two. I mean, it got it in states everywhere. It's the pigs down here that are against it. Which I think is outrageous. And they've skewed they use as well when they do their FBI stings and listen that. They would know that recognize a number or something like that. I mean, they can change the phone number on those things every hour if they want to. Right? So, I mean, that's a layman's excuse I've heard in my life. And I think it would be outstanding. Can you imagine all the crank calls that would cut down on and how much more. Yeah, I just, I mean, from every aspect that they do it every well. So, Florida probably would be with it about 15 years now. Like you're always a daylight and several dollars sure. And look at that. Johnny Dorque is winning his way in here. Isn't that amazing? Just enough to make you want to get on your hands and knees and puke all over those CDs. They have next door. Wow. And look at that shirt. This man. What is that movie about? The Tall Men Don't Wear Platter said, wasn't it? I mean, that movie. You know what I'm talking about? Dead, well, there. And this is an oxymoron, isn't it? Anyway, oxy. You think that's on? He's busy and he's waiting for this big announcement. He's hoping to blow the whole world up. As long as we leave him all the money. That's George, you know? He's been deprived so long. Just leave him his wife and all the money and they'll have a good time in our expense. So what is it? This made you an announcement? No. Oh, you have an announcement today too? No. Wow. No one else. Johnny is coming out of the dark. Chadows. I was going to say closet. The dark shadow is kind of fitting. You see they're trying to bring back dark shadows? Yeah. Never be the same. We got to have Barnabas. Wasn't that was his name was? Barnabas? Those old, that was a weird, but enjoyable show. Was bizarre. Head is fighting moments. So what were you about to lay on us? About your great ratings on the coast? How are they? I didn't pay that much attention. They're good? Yeah, not bad. Number 2, 25, 34. When? Weater, feeding. Oh, and afternoon you mean, yeah? A lot of cost was, I remember. As a matter of fact, I think midday here I was number 2, 25, 54, with a 6, 4. That's not bad. Yeah. We're doing it. Yeah. We got a great combo here. And if they start playing good music next door, it'll be even better. What are they playing? What do you plan this afternoon? Anybody wearing a cover? Like what? Incredible stuff is that? Liz Welch. Liz Cooper? What do you plan? Give me like, you're still playing the dubies. Oh, miss stuff that you played. What was it where you played? You're still playing. Oh, girl, by what's his name? Paul Young. You're still playing there? Wow. I used to love that. You're killing it. What else? And by the way, Wendy Bennett, Wendy is a lovely lady. Is she still listening in there when I'm on? She's like, she's like, she's listening right now. Since we hit her up for the money for a commllo sauce that she wouldn't give us. She has been man, she just, oh, don't come by here anymore. She used to. She doesn't have the hallway waves and gives me like your number one. That's it. She'd never gave anything like that. Hey, to which it's so okay. And if you see, and all of I be honest with you, she don't need any food money. Did she eat? If I could give 20 bucks. Exactly. Does she eat it? Oh, and that's why there's that great thing on a cover you say about betting on neutral system. Now, this is the only man who bets in small change. Okay, oh, let's make a big bet. I got a couple of nickels here. I'll bet you a wooden nickel against that George Washington. Come on, will ya? But does she ever eat? I don't think so. Look at her. I mean, she makes Karen Carpenter look like Debbie Ellis on a bad day in heat. And she's dieting. Oh, then she really is anorexic. Are you serious? She is dieting. Did you hear that? This is something, no, seriously. She's got a serious problem because people. Okay, here's Chuck Meyer in the newsroom. Chuck. Neal. There we go. Neal. James Baker is just about to speak live in Geneva. Switzerland. He has meant for the past seven hours with the Iraqi Foreign Minister. We're going to join that law. Maddie Conberts.