I'm a cupman. I'm a cupman. That's you, Arthur. I'm done. Hey, Mr. Updler. Updler. San Francisco. Round of sharply. The Sanmer. And his famous over young Bob Stanton. Well, it's definitely not hard to win your first. Major League game, but he has done it. And the same goes to Dave Smith. The story that rocked on beach in the world. But I don't want to think what was she doing there? A crowdsing and drinking to four o'clock in the morning. Okay. Does that sound like a sexist pig when you say that? All the feminist going to get bent out of shape? I just wonder what she was doing walking unasskilled into a bar. Shmoosen with all the candidates drinking to four in the morning, going home with them. And thinking she was going to a tea party? I don't understand it. Well, we sure try to blow that game last night. And Bob Scanlan pitches a great six innings. We can a little bit in the seventh. His first Major League start. Looked like we were going to coast on in. And then all of a sudden, Dunston started making areas. And Barry held drop the ball at the plate when a game should have been over. And do we like to make it exciting? Okay. That's a way to cubs play. And how about those pirates? Boy, Chuck Meyer must be in a hog heaven this morning. Unbelievable. Pirates are kicking ass in the penguins. Just totally. It was great for his period last night. But after that, they just totally blew away the broods and tied up the series. I have a little thing for Chuck too as soon as he clears the cobwebs out of his head. I have the most amazing pig report in the history of this town. It is mind boggling. And I hope, Officer Pig is listening right now. I'm sure he is easily. I'm coming to work this morning. And I get off his usual to the Golden Glades because I see 95 looks pretty emotional. I saw Tony Cruz out there directing traffic. And so I get off on Northwest 7th Avenue and come down there. Like I usually do. And I get a few blocks down all of a sudden I see a Metro Pig car in my rearview mirror with its bright lights just barreling up from behind. I mean just flying. So I assume when you got your bright headlights on and he probably is going somewhere in a hurry. He wants me to get out of the way. So I whip over to the next lane and he whips over the next lane right behind me. But like right on my tail with those bright headlights burning in my eyes. So I thought, well, maybe he wants to, you know, go somewhere in this lane. So now I get back quickly over in the center lane. He gets over in the center lane behind me. We go by another 10 blocks. All of a sudden here come and I'm going to speed limit exactly 40 miles an hour on the dot. We go by another 10 blocks. All of a sudden here come his lights on for me to pull over. So I pull over around a quarter to get out of the way from traffic and he pulls up behind me. Get out. Young black Metro cop. And he says to me, he says, um, got to use those blinkers when you're changing lanes. Got to be a little more careful. I said, well, I'm trying to get out of your way. I said, I thought you had your bright headlights on. I thought you wanted to get around. You were going somewhere. He says, well, maybe it was just me driving like a retard, huh? That's it. I'm quoting verbatim. I didn't want to touch that line because at this point, I don't know exactly what's going on. Okay, I thought like saying, yeah, I think you've got to write on a nose pal. So he said, what year is this car? I said 91. He said, boy, what a beautiful car. You don't want to get it all messed up. Better be a little more careful. I said, okay, have a great day. So I turned around. I get back on Northwest 7th Avenue. I'm wondering myself, does he know who I am? Was it a joke? I go about another 10 blocks. I'm almost 2, where I'm going to turn at 80 first street. Here he comes again. When does bright headlights on? And he's over to the lane to my left. And he motions to meet a roll down to window. We're both moving. And he says, roll down at window. I roll it down. He says, I got a pig report for you. I almost passed out. He's laughing. He said, you're an eel rod, you're that said, yeah. Now I'm moving along. He pulls up the lane to my right. Rolls down his window. Great show. Great show. The most incredible experience I think in recent memory. I mean, just amazing. Talk about a nearly. I'm sure he's listening right. You're a great American, sir. And I'll never do it again. Whatever I did, I'll never do it again. Boy, I just was a may shock, fibergasted. So between that guy and then the plantation pig that came barreling into my driveway last week, remember that? They just loves this show. We're big with a pig. It's quite a popular rumor, OK? Anyway, it's 11. It's 12 at a time to 10. Daryl Strawberry. How about the big, straw man last night at 2 run home or then comes up at the night sitting with a time run of third base and grounds up? Oh, I can't have a mixed bag. Are the men's ever going to play on a road again? Or are they just playing all their games at home? What the hell is going on? Anyway, baseball started you little exciting. We want some pizza from Flora's Rogers and they're rubbing a stomach again. How about a meatball pizza? Do they have meatball? Huh? Because you've got to picture. Rogers gets when we were back in our little dieting, our bogus dieting contest. Rogers used to try to get a little advantage by stimulating my appetite by leaving in front of me as he would get out of the studio 10 o'clock in the morning. A magazine called Pizza. What is it? Pizza today. Here it is. In fact, he just happened to have left it again here today. And you'd start leaving through this and see these pictures. You'd just go nuts and immediately you know you're going to have all kinds of pies and crap coming here. That was the way he gained a little edge temporarily to start to pick it out himself. So now he leaves a picture with a note on it. Hungry today, question mark. New pies on the block. And it's got a picture of a pepper and meatball pizza that looked with extra cheese. That looks so incredibly great. So I figure Flora's probably bring one up right away, right? We don't want to win Poz on Jeff again, do we? Now we don't want to win Poz on him because he's too busy giving all those free pizzas out to the nose contest people, right? We better do some business here at 10 13 to WIOD. So I bet your Flora will be on a phone in just a second or Jeff or whoever. Because Roger, starving over here. All you mothers out there got good news for you this Sunday on Mother's Day instead of just going to some pedestrian place like Lenny's or something like that for Mother's Day, which isn't too exciting. Why don't go to the spice sample and spice up moms day? They're starting with brunch on Mother's Day from 11 in the EM, until 2 in the PM. And then dinner starts at 2 o'clock this Sunday at both spice sample restaurants featuring complete dinners at unbelievable prices even a kids menu and special mothers day coupons will be in a following news papers this week. Check out the Showtime section of the Sun Sentinel this Friday. The Bokanoo's on Friday, the Palm Beach Post tomorrow and the Hallendale digest and Jewish journal on Thursday and Friday this week tomorrow on Friday. And when you go to the spice sample, you can choose from two great specials from Mother's Day, Roast Leg of Lamb or Baked Stuff Orange Ruffy stuffed with shrimp and lobster. Or choose from the spice samples complete regular menu with that delicious gourmet country and seafood stuff all of that down home comfortable North Carolina setting. It is incredible. It's all homemade delicious. So make mom real happy this Sunday by taking over to the spice sample for a fantastic feast. Seeding will be limited so call now make reservations. I'm Griffin Road, a mile west divine 95. The number there is 9620772. And in Boka, 2700 North Federal Highway just north of Glades Road, 3 9 4 30 100. 3 9 4 30 100 do it up big this Sunday for Mother's Day at the spice sample. What a beautiful letter here in the new times yesterday that I miss somehow that George just handed me the Neal thing it says. Susan Cole's give me a break letter's April 17. We're coming to the defense of Neal Rogers was about a short sighted and hypocritical is that more on is. Wow. Anyone who is listening to that garbage of a radio program undoubtedly has heard some of the exact sort of prejudice and ignorance and intolerance that Susan seems to be so concerned about. That's because this rodent of a man feeds and gets rich off the idea of stirring and erousing the funny bones of an audience composed exclusively of simple mind little a tharject, Joe six packs who have no lives by using a brand of humor that is distasteful at best disgraceful at worst. Gee, don't you just love those Arab 7 11 jokes that he pops from time to time? How about Mr. Rogers, wonderful descriptions of the elderly on Miami Beach? Uh-huh. My personal favorites. Not interesting. My personal favorites so must be somebody who listens a lot, right? Richard Salas and Miami Lakes. My personal favorites are the ones where he gets off on being Jewish by playing those silly little bits and pieces that poke fun at Judaism even though he claims to be an atheist. And let us not forget his hate-filled eschronicity anti-biolingualism campaign for a few years back, not exactly ancient history. The problem with Susan's letter was that she overlooked the fact that the Neo Rodgers show is a perfect symptom of what is wrong with South Florida. A population of ignorant isolated unaware people being exploited by unproductive useless extremes stupidity with an ignorant isolated and unaware schmuck feeding off it all. I think he's got a pretty well done. Pat don't you? I didn't see all the words used to describe Neo Rodgers in the best of Miami issue, but I'm going to add one more. He's a jackass! Oh! Dam right, Dick Salas and Miami Lakes excellent letter. And I'm sure he's listening right now. All the lines of data are open again today. I kind of took that personally yesterday. Everything else is tied up. And then I listened to Rick and Sads and was the same syndrome. What's there another thing going on in date? Maybe they have a bit party at Dick's house. Over in Lakes. 751 Wiod and D. Something really bizarre going on. Are they getting ready for the new floatella? Oh, I'm sorry, should have sent there. Oh, oh, bad one. Here's a mobile in North Miami. There's another Metz fan calling in. That was our first Metz fan of the day ladies and gentlemen. Or they must be just in heaven today. They probably were little nervous when he hit that tremendous tour on Homer that made the game a lot closer after nearly blowing a sixth nothing lead. We have an open line on the starline star ID and two in date 751. What does he say? 751 jackass. Fort Lauderdale. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to congratulate you on that great opening and inspiring opening on the show this morning. Are you another Joe six packs here, Wes? No life at all. What was that? Well, the guy that writes the letter he said, and I, what does he describe all the people he said, the ignorant isolated unaware. Is it? What is it? I don't understand. I don't understand those big words. Good job, Dick. Right on target. He's got an email. Yeah. You said you've got a lot of open lines in date County. You keep giving him out in English. Sir, are you one of those bigoted draft people at this guy's writing about to you? Sir, let's get back to the law game. Let's get back to the game, Nelson. Yes. Is that all you're going to talk about today or the cubs? Yeah. Great. No, I'm going to talk about the Penguin Brung game. Did you see that? No, I didn't get that. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. It's fine. We're taking the taxi. Take this shot. It's come back home. Well, the whole family got a wrecky question. Let's go. Let's go, man. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. We're here. Are you exciting, sir? Yes, sir. We're all you a literate ignorant morons out there that I don't know. I couldn't watch the game because I was watching Rosanne. Okay. Well, it's more a speed, anyone. Yes, sir. Well, have a great day. Well, enjoy your show and I'll be around for the duration. Even though some of us have no lives. Right, right. I still away. Take care of you. Okay, bye. 1021 at WIOD. We have an open line at Broward 524 that's ringing as I speak as in ringing in your ears. Hey, listen, all you ignorant slabs out there want to have a great time today. Let's have a big congregation of like 100,000 ignorant amuses go out to the swap shop and just have one. Hello, have a good time. Watch the elephants do their thing there. Lift their tail and they're trunk simultaneously. And he's amazing part of it is the same thing drops out of both at the swap shop on West sunrise between 95. The turnpike they have the daily circus daily Monday through Friday. There are two shows four big shows on a weekend for people who have no lives at all. Every Saturday and Sunday. Just call 791 swap for daily circus times and also for concert times this weekend for Conway 20. Who sings about this town at famous song is it's only make believe. The Saturday the 11th and Sunday May the 12th. And of course, chickens of great items for you to pick up new and use bargains inside and out at the swap shop on money back here and see on every piece of merchandise that you buy. So if you want to have a great day and just go away and try to pretend you do have a life. This is a good place to do it at the swap shop on West sunrise Boulevard between the turnpike and I 95. Hi, this is Rick and son. If you missed us yesterday, you missed this. I'm excited if I could really try and issue a billion point. If I could try and issue a few clicks, I'll give him right back. The second ever you can take him off for a second. Look at him. It's okay. It's okay. I'll leave my motor with more than that. He's 100% good. All right. He's taking him off. I'm going to take my off now. You're kidding. So that's just your buddy. Wow. Hey, my friend. Are you kidding? I got his shoe right. You're wearing his shoes. Okay. How about you? I'm on. Go. You want to take a go? I want him to chase you. I'll give you another 25 bucks if you haven't chased you. Do you have it right? Run. I'm taking off with this guy's shoes. Okay. All right. I'm out in the project last. Go. What do I do? Run. I'm not going to the street. Well. I've never missed this again. Okay. Here's a thousand dollars. And be here today at 2 o'clock on 610 W. I.O.D. Here's Ricardo Motobon and the Chrysler New Yorker. This luxurious automobile has always delivered the performance you'd expect from a New Yorker. And now Chrysler introduces an onboard micro-processer which even speaks to you just like a New Yorker. Hey, moron. You want to put on your f***ing seat belt, what you ready to steering wheel? I. Yes. This is truly a New Yorker. I. Genius. You let the g*** and headlight's on. Jesus. You want some air. Oh, you know that. And for the most dangerous city in the world, a security system second to none. Hey, bagel praise. You want to walk the f***ing doors. Or maybe we should put a f***ing sign in the f***ing windows that rip me off. Yes, the Chrysler New Yorker. If you can find a better luxury car. Bye. Hey, I got you luxury right here. So we get a call from floor as yet. They're probably not even open yet. Well, Roger's hungry. Roger's hungry. You know, I think the only way we're going to solve the date problem because they all start to get lit up again. Then they dropped off. There must be something real exciting going on. We don't know about. Let's do screenless in date only. So answer the other ones and just leave date to ring. Okay. That's the only way we're going to get them back. 751 Wild in date. And good luck to you. sunrise. Hello. Hi. This is Greg from sunrise. First time the caller along Tom listener. Yes, Greg. Are you doing today? Great. Are you another one of those ignorant unaware people isolated? Yeah. As a matter of fact, I had to run out and get me a six pack before the show started. Good. Bottom's up. That's what Henry says. I've been listening to you ever since the Dean left the station air to the police. Yeah. Got around the calling. Have you ever done me? What then? I say I hope you're having a great day so far. Oh, I am. Yeah. Yeah. And you're staying here? Of course. Oh, God. You are ignorant and unaware of the guy who's right. I think I isolated. But what am I supposed to do, girl? Since that. Yeah, that would be a good place. If you ever watched a life of Brian that money Python movie. One of the all-time grates. Of course. I don't think I've noticed, but I think Gilbert started that movie. It was Pontius Pilez friend. Oh, yeah. From Rome. Yeah. Okay. I just want to call his buddy. Yeah. You have yourself a good day. Okay. Bottom up. 1028 at WIOD. Date County. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Are you doing buddy? Okay, pal. I just got out of the shower, so I heard you say you're going to go scream. I'll figure it out. Oh, everybody's taking a shower in day. That's what's going on. Well, new and when you go to bed, you got to think of someone you wake up, no? I guess so. Yeah. So how are you doing? I'm doing great so far. How are you doing? You have an open line at Broward 524WIOD. We're doing screenless and date. Oh, really? Yeah. I call it guy. Never call. Why not? I don't know. I feel like I'm not. Maybe you're not one of those ignorant unaware of slimeballs. It's a list of the show. Oh, really? You have a six pack handy? No. Oh, I don't think. Are you serious? Really? Oh, it was a good. I mean, that's very helpful. You know how I did. Yeah. What about your stuff? Are you dieting right now? Am I what? I'm dieting? No, no, no. I'm dieting over here. I don't know who would do it. You dieting. They're going to stalk your whole stomach. Why did probably wouldn't be isolated? Not aware anymore. You'd stop. You'd probably start drinking like liquor's instead. Something a little more classy. All right. I'm out of, as your colors that we say out of material. Okay. Well, why don't you do it one? Okay. Why don't you do it one? Okay. All right. Let's see. Can you ask you something? How come you're, what just happened there? We're doing screenless in the, Georgia's little confused, I think. And date only. Date only. W-I-O-D. My birthday tonight. Why didn't you hire a city Miami to come and sit on my face? Oh, man. I do that joy would get back on one way or another. Wouldn't it? W-I-O-D. Meal. Yes. How you doing? Okay. Neal. I want to ask you something. Can you use to be in Nashville or for a week? Yes. For an exhaustive excruciating week? Oh. Can you tell me? I'm just starting to go back. Meal. No. No. Do you have a desire to go there? Oh, yeah. I like Nashville. What do you like about it? I just do a lot. I mean, that's a tourist I like going there. I like to do something to get granted all the time. Oh, yeah. That's my favorite. I can go see Conway Twiti at the Swapjack. I'm free. I don't got to go all the way up there with those yahu's. Well, all those trogulites were hatched out of a gigantic Martian egg. There'll be plenty, plenty of blue collar women there. Believe me for Conway. Yeah. That's true. It might be a good time to go and women watch. Yes, sir. Okay. You want to wait. Oh, no. I don't want to remember that. The cartel said a good game against Atlanta last night. The only team in the Eastern Division at Laos. I want to rub it on. I think. That was pathetic. Nine. Even though he turned it off after about the third inning, it was so bad. Did you watch it in the hockey game? Just a little bit. I'm not a real hockey fan. Are you exciting first period, though, until I think Chuck is right though, the penguin, unless the things turn around. They, I mean, both games in Boston, the Bruins won. Yeah. Both games in Pittsburgh, the penguins won. I'll go back to Boston, so. Well, I like, I mean, I watched it sometimes. But I don't know that much about it. You don't have to know a lot about it. Yeah. Just call up Chuck in the newsroom. He'll tell you the penguins are great. Could I say, tell you, Mary or Lamu is God and Rekki and all those guys. They're regular Rekki crew. Yes, sir, go ahead. I just want to say that Alan definitely is not a doucheback. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Sweet dreams. Five. Ten thirty one. A WIOD. Greenless and date. I don't think they're following this. A couple of marks. They're all flashing and date. Are they flashing it and date? And we have one obviously this guy in Miami, Lakes, is listening right now. We probably should try to call him a little later on. I don't you think? Have a little chat with him on the air. See what his problem is? Because he quotes the ones that I love the best. He's a man with a jackass. Everybody who likes the shows and idiot. But they can quote chapter in verse every bit, every line, every word. For like the last ten to fifteen years that I've been on the air here, which is only fifteen. We have an open line of the center square and Broward, five, two, four, WIOD. I'm going to have a problem with date ringing. It's kind of like a throws y'all balance. Lake Worth. Loading. Let's get those Edmonton oil that I asked you. We can have it all USA and Lake Up. You sound like a big hit to me, eh? Good point though. Well, the North stars are ahead two games to one and they're playing where they plan tonight. Minnesota. Are you serious? Oh man, they go. They went to night and it's all over but the shooting. They need to win that one this way. They lose an emitonist. They've got to come back and play. Why did you see the watch the game last night? Didn't have any Canadian national anthem? I watched it last night. And Pittsburgh had two of Boston and Pittsburgh. Have you seen as much knocking the net off as this series of what? Did you see where they were showing both of Andy Mog and who's the guy for Boston for Pittsburgh? What else is named the goalie? Barack. Barack. He was what he was doing was like muscling it like up so it was real loose. He kept back in the end of that net and like pushing it so it was like barely on a magnet so that if anything happened he could just breathe on it and it would fall off and they'd have to stop to play. Exactly. Pretty clever. Andy Mog played a great game last night, probably way all over. They're coming down a two good series. Yeah. Well, it's kind of refreshing that you're going to have Boston Pittsburgh. Minnesota or well, Edmonton, it'll be out. We hope if it's the first three teams and any of those two it'll be great. And Stanley Capon, you're right at those same old teams, Calgary and Jackson and the Canadians get some new blood in there. New greed. Yes sir. Especially in baseball like getting the mette to hell out of there. Right. Yes sir. All right. Now listen, only 147 days to play. We tried to blow that game so hard last night. You have no idea. The ninth inning starts and Harry's already. So, we're going to go on Bob Scanlon as kid the rookie and the dugout and Harry's saying, well, it's going to be his first major league win. And tomorrow the cubs are going to try to sweep. He already wraps these things up. He hasn't learned his lesson yet. Exactly. And then we're throwing a ball around the ballpark like a bunch of sandlot kids. Dunston makes an incredible catch of a foul pop fly and it takes an easy ground ball. It should've been the end of the game. Bobbles it and throws it away. Listen, I got a fiery fort. Yes sir. Time brainer. Yeah. Still breaking trotters and burning down. Okay. Good news. See you. For a WIOD, we have an open line in the center square and Broward 524 and 1 in Palm Beach 655 WIOD. We're doing screenless and date. Hello. This must be Alex Jr. It's got to be. Hey, doing here. Where have you been? Marked by no park. How come? I've been busy. And it's a whole thing up right now. Yeah. I saw Chuck Miron a hallway. He didn't stop in a thank me for playing that wonderful goal with Bob Cole. Hey, Johnny Bart Jr. I haven't called you a long time. No, no. True. Well, he's probably busy. They've got him strapped in the nets in Toronto. Wait until next week to start. A Neil, how good is Rochester? For what? Well, I might be going there. For? I got a job offer. In Rochester, you'd love it. It's a great town. So the weather sucks if you can handle it. You can handle that weather. It's tremendous. It's a wonderful place. Have you heard of Ashley Audio? No sir. Pretty. He's been a co-dark at Bosch and Lomb. Well, Ashley Audio. Dickie Freeman. Ashley Audio's in Rochester. Donn and Bob's a good at cleaners and Fox's Dully. For the ball-o's. Did you call that? No, I didn't say that. I said if you can handle the cold weather, it's a nice place to live. But I mean, nasty weather. I mean, pot. Ten foot, no. Okay, laugh now. And cry later on morning. Yeah. I mean, nasty. Lots and lots of snow and sleet and driving on the ice. Talk about skating on thin ice. Well, I shouldn't visit the summer then. Well, if you want to dilute yourself, go there like in the middle of July during the July. The week of summer, we can have summer. That's exactly right. And you'll love it. That's a good town. It is. Oh, hi. I get out of here, believe me. Because there's nothing but a bunch of mindless idiots down here are isolated on a where. I don't know. Well, far jigs simple minded. Six pack. I think the guy actually hits it on a head pretty well. He's quite frankly. He says, South Florida is a population of ignorant. I salated on a where people being exploited by unproductive useless extremes to pitety. What's I think he's on target? I think he's got got something there. Yeah, but he didn't include himself. Well, he probably didn't just want to admit it. Well, have a great life, Alan. Hey, hey, you got a birthday coming up, don't you? No, not that I know of. But let's pretend that today's my birthday. Then everybody can call in and say, happy birthday. Since everybody's out of a cereal. Yes. They're doing those triple black curie of vanilla. Uh, pancakes. Butloads. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I hope one day when you're going to have the next reunion in the area in the studio for free food. Not the not eight times soon. Go Charles, go buy you know. Take it easy near. Let's see. Alex. Have a great life. Go. Okay. 1036 a WIOD. We are doing screenless in day. They're all flashing. And the two open lines in Broward 524WIOD. Snapple is sitting here on a counter. I got like six packs. See, I'm just six pack too. Only I got my Snapple. So guy is right. But Snapple has no garbage in it. You know, you got to be careful about that garbage you put in your body. Are some people out there just put anything in. And that's why you just swing down gallons and gallons every year of those soft drinks. Look on a label sometime. All the artificial. Everything is artificial. Even a bottle is artificial. Would that plastic and all those chemicals, leaching inside and just mung. Snapple is really the best because it's 100% natural. Whether it's the juices or the sodas or the unsweetened shelters like the black cherry that I got my hand right now. All made with the best stuff on the face of the earth. And it's all in glass bottles too resealable. So if you're like not all at 30 what a drink can't just swing it down. Have a great time. Or if you want to drink two, three, six packs like most of our six pack audience. Just go ahead and do that too. Check out Snapple once we get you hooked. You'll forget about all that other stuff with all the chemicals and cramp in it. You'll find Snapple available at Freddy's Albertsons and a prestigious stop and go. Go out and stock up today. Okay, we're having a little conference here on the air ladies and gentlemen. Nick Tregoony and Mike Disney and Cheryl are executive assistant trouble maker Yenta are in the studio. Now we're planning our trip along the way to trip to Chicago this summer, which we have no idea what we can. It's going to be or what the hell is going on. Whether we're going to stay at the Asup Kitchen this year again like we did last year. I mean I do like the Camilla sounds we do a lot of great work but I've necessarily want to stay there unless it's absolutely necessary. Okay and two years ago we stayed at the Ritz Curlton. So we're going to get this all straightened out with him. We have it right from the horses tail. The thing that bothers me is when you work for a douchebag. Yes exactly. Well by the way, I have a special. Since Mr. Tregoony one of our headcocks broadcasting hunchers. I see you got wise and got rid of those blockbusters by the way just in time. I have a special tape that I'd like to play for him and I'm sure everybody will enjoy. My business you wish would you believe in? Please withdraw for Gary Bruce too. Henry Barrow's Jewish Cud you can see, then. And go to Phil Constant as tool. Johnny thought his yet is can't you smell it? When he's pretty silly I think I see it too. As a matter of fact all the cocks employees are Jewish. Since I fell in love with you we've met Milligan. And I fell in love with you. No big-ension Ellie since I fell in love with you. Okay, it's like a sun. So what you want to come in and take a call from the audience today? Sure. You want to do that? We've never done that before. You know what Sandy was here when the station had a one. Most of those people were the walking dead. Have a seat here. Nick Trigon is here. Now Disney of course is too chicken to do this. But Mr. Trigonie of course it makes the big bucks. He can handle it. I'll be glad to do it. Of course he's also one of those Joe six packs. He's part of my audience. He listens in on a listen line every day spies up there in Atlanta. A population of ignorant isolated unaware people being exploited by an unproductive schmuck named Neorodges. That's a letter in New Times. They love me here. So huh? They love me. So anyway what should we do? Well let's see what these people have to say. This is like ask the manager. Uh huh? This is going to be great. Cheryl why are you directing? What is it? Well you just relax. Why is everybody so hyper? So if there's anybody you'd like to have off the air like me and he complaints anything you'd like to say great about us? Here's the guy. I don't know. Is it on George? Can I hear me? I can hear you. Disney. I'm moving real close. Pretending to know something. Disney sitting down here we're going to do ask the manager. Let's talk about why Chuck Meyer is not Saturday morning stuff like that. Okay. Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hello. How about the London Monarch huh? Do you want to speak to our head huncho sir? Do they there? Yeah he's right here. Yeah I'm right here. I just got this cup thing. What is it? Cubs are great. What are we remote? Pubs are great sucks. I mean come on now. The cubs are already out of it. Yes Chuck Meyer. There's too much influence with Chuck. I mean take Chuck Meyer leave me a home. Yeah there you go. I don't want to go to Pittsburgh. Well that's alright. I'd rather go to Orlando before I go to Pittsburgh. I'd rather be dead before I went back to Orlando. You know that that Pittsburgh pirates made a lady take off her costume at the game Saturday. Well that's the most excitement they've had there in a long time sir. It's that the pirates could be sued as someone was hurt trying to. Don't you want to talk? I mean here's your chance of a lifetime. Come on. He's not a real person. He's not a real person. He's right. He can't be. Well how about Mr. Trigoni now he's like one step below the sisters. Oh most without the money. He plays for the maple leaf. Exactly go. Okay have a nice life. See it's right that the guy in the articles right we have a bunch of ignorant Joe six pack. I agree. I agree. And that's what we like. Can I bring up a major point? Only if you speak into the mic. This is not a major. But it is in the TV division. He doesn't know what a mic radio mic is. Can I bring up a major point about the executive assistant? Yes. She's married right at this moment. Why doesn't she have a diamond ring? Well she's kind of undecided. I don't understand. You kind of switches her under. She for what? Well I was the judge. Oh I'm sorry. Lakeward. Neil. Yes sir. Hey how you doing? Okay. First time call her. Great. Well here's your big chance. Hey can I get you to do a card for me? Oh Joe I don't hang up please. Come on Neil. What is it? I'll write it down for later. Okay that's good. Come on hurry up. They're not going to stay in here too long. Let's go. Do the asshole song for me. Okay. All right. Back off. Come on. Neil. You're going to sit in here and you're using all this language. All right. Up your espel. Okay. For a lot of deal. Hello. Probably chicken that. Let's get. Should we clear the lines? Do you think George? Should we clear them all? Because we had them all go. We had a great show in progress. It is idiots came in here and screwed it all up. Okay. There we go. Here we go. Take my life in my hands. And those people who want to speak directly to the horses tail. Here we go. We got Mike Disney who's kind of small potatoes. And Nick Trigoni from Atlanta from Cox corporate headquarters in Atlanta. The home of those braves that just powered their way over the Cardinals last night. Nine to two. Red hot. That's your quota for this week. Let's go to a four-lautardale. Hello. Yeah. No more Yankee baseball. You got a promise. No more you and basketball. Sorry. Can't do that one. Underwater basket weaving. Okay. I can handle that. And we want Neil on six hours a day. Yeah. Thanks. You're going to have a can afford it. You're going to have him immediately. Sunrise. For Yankee baseball. You got it. Whatever he says. Miami Beach. Red they weren't in the truck. That's my opinion. Okay. Thank you sir. Well, he's doing it. Yeah. We did a lot of calls. Yeah. Very intelligent call is here. Read the article again. I'll give you a good idea. Who you're talking to. Miami. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Oh, yes. Okay. I don't mind the weekend. I did it. I did something about it. He said a weekend suck. And I would be as what he said. Come on. Let's get some real living people in here on a weekend. Okay. Can you handle that, Disney? No problem. Whatever you say. He's looking at the newspaper you have here. He's with his finger. He can't even read. You hired him. You hired him. That is. Don't remind me. Miami. Hello. Yes sir. They're both still here. Hey tell him to cut that news. Weather traffic crap. No, but he's traffic and weather. Yeah. Get it right. Get it right. Don't ever want to have an open. How about sky one two and three. Do you like that? Don't get some billboards up with your face on it. Sky King and Penny. Okay. Okay. Neil. Can I ask you a question? Yes. So working on my handy is in Channel 10. She's doing consumer reports. She doesn't do very boring anymore. Consumer reports. No, no. Drunker out of the radio business. Because when I used to come back, she worked not deep. No. When I used to come by here. When I ran radio in the old days. I'd come in here and it was never a phone call. Is that, you know, that's why she got on to read the book. You have to have listeners before you get phone calls. That's what Steve says. It's 10. 48. We don't want to bring that up. At WIOD, are you over your head with credit card and hospital bills? Our bill collectors calling you at home and work. Well, did you know you can't stop them from calling legally? Three planes. Because of self-warned traffic patterns, it takes three planes to cover the tie-up. The delay said detours and the accident. Three plane coverage. What over Palm Beach? Another overpowered county. And the third flying over day. Three plane coverage from Skywatch 610. When you tuned to 610 WIOD, you'll tuned to the most comprehensive and timely traffic coverage available. Three plane coverage from South Florida's news traffic and weather station. New song Radio 610, WIOD. Tonight on Channel 39's Night Court, the world according to Dan. I looked up, saw the statue of Lady Justice. Suddenly realized something. Who's that? Well, they're just wearing the underwear. Tonight is 730 on Night Court. And all this week on Channel 39. 610 WIOD. Five of the bells seven home runs of the solo shots for them leaving off an inning. Two of them have been run on. There's a mall right since 710 WIOD back. Way back to my beardin. Himmels. Holy cow. Okay, just reminiscing about last night's game. Let's get a lot of these calls in here. A lot of the complaints out of your system Miami. Yes sir. Bottle. Okay. Come Mr. Disney. They can send Hank to Vegas. Why can't you go to Vegas? Exactly. That's what I want to know. Why did I have to pay to go to Vegas to have a good time this weekend? Right? All these pieces they've done. He has speechless. He's holding his head in his hand. Which one? Neil. Yeah. I mean, just tell you. Yes sir. I want you wrong here. You know I got to go on. You have to create your lines. Tell us places. How about going like first class? He should send you first class. And a rich Carlton at rich Carlton. Staying in a Marrage and Vegas for a week show up there. Absolutely. No matter. We got to we're already planned. I must be psychic. We have a pizza expo in February 3rd through 592 in Vegas next year. We'll be there. We are going to be there. And Nick for going. He has already committed himself. I've committed it. Okay. I'm going to talk to Disney. It's done. Open lock up. Oh, look at this. Still there. They should double your salary or give you 2 or 3 months off a year. Now you're talking. You'll Rogers. Starting today. You guys can't screw around with them. Yes. And you want to pay for his trip to Vegas. I think I'll show it with you. And they'll run around in a casino at Vegas. Will wire to you for a mile. About 50 grand a gamble. Oh man. That would be intense. You bet. Yeah. Okay. It's all done. Signs sealed in delivery. For a lot or no. Yeah. We're holding time. You cruise. We're not letting her go until the man's are met. Disney said keeper. Okay. Let's go to Tom Cruise. A tamarack. Man, it's Disney or getting married. Okay. Well, they were showering this morning downstairs when I came in. Here's a lady's super lady in Miami. Hi. Hi. Great. Why can you sound good on the radio? You know, I think. Don't say that. Oh, she's don't say that. More cost cutting on a weekend. I can see it now. No, no, no. The revenue is going to start coming in because Rick and says, and you are there. Give me a break. He's going to. He can give you Chicago and Vegas. Exactly. Exactly. That's basically why I call. I was going to give up Chicago. You know, make it and say, say, do Vegas one year in Chicago. The next but no. You can do both. John, don't. Whatever you'd like. It's all set. All right. Thanks a lot. Scott is like a cross-blending set. Pembered pines. Yes, I'm just pleased. I'm here. Oh, can you tell me about what low was sitting on the porch? Ludlow. Yes. What do you want to know about Ludlow? Is he that good? Ludlow is very good. It's going to be hard. It's going to be hard. It's going to be hard. It's going to be hard. Ludlow is an Atlanta Georgia Act. He's an institution. In fact, he doesn't show from one every morning. And he would not do well here. I think his humor is more directed towards the, how can I say this now? Yeah.