Wow, what a touching moment. What a touching moment. Look at that. Ian and Gilbert are touching each other, isn't that beautiful? Wow, that's really something. Anyway, screwed up my first bit. I had a real good ACN thing. I wanted to play it. Thank you so much to a... How come it's all distorted? How come the overhead is all distorted? Are we going to do some technical scrups today and honor of typical South Florida radio? Isn't it distorted, George? Sounds like all distorted in here. Maybe it's my ears. Anyway, we got Gilbert here with little sack. What is that? Is there for something? No, you know. At least, the first of all, Humbercod Toshm could be in a bag this small. There's something to be in a bag this small. Gilbert, well, I don't want to get personal. Gilbert, why is it... Hermetically sealed. Oh, look at that. Wait until you see what's in here. There are those little guy-ish ones. Okay, look at that. Little triangles. There's the brimuda, have a good time with him, Gilbert. And a nice card. Ian is here with little box. Kelvin's private parts are in the box. It's beautiful. I hope that's right. The knife had a good time. So anyway, what is that thing going to recue? Can I play this now? Ten away to WIOD. And it's so quiet a day. I want to thank Mr. Disney and Cheryl for that beautiful thing. A flower thing with a big horseshoe and the purple sash. It says Happy 15 anniversary. Also I want to thank Rick and Suss's Listers for those brutal calls yesterday. I'm driving up to Papadou and just one after another attacking me, all these waxy listeners. You know? Something doesn't sound right in this overhead. Don't you agree or am I just losing it? It doesn't sound right. Hello. Am I doing the wrong one? I don't think it's even on. Is it? Have you cranked it down in there? Is this like some kind of high-gynched that Chuck Meyers involved in again? Anyway it's 1009 at WIOD. Not slanting was traumatic last night. Did you see it in? Probably a little too emotional for you. Pad Pedersam was stark naked. Linda took the engagement ring and you ought to see where he put it. And he's back with mommy now and the valus crazier than ever in the dogs. You're hiding out in Gary's garage and just in crud just two emotional to describe it all. It was great. Today is the official day to turn the headlights off. I decided that I'm not going to be influenced by all these over-emotional people. But there, troops aren't going to come home for weeks and in some cases months and they have them on now would be kind of to diminish the purpose and the first place and also give the people that's a son-cent and we'll be reaching the right to more stupid columns like the one Gary Stein wrote today. So I turned them off this morning, turn them off. And then when the troops come home we can have big parades and celebrate and do the appropriate things. Turn them off now. Or like I said, Gilbert, turn off. Robert's got him on so everybody should turn them off. Well, I'd microphone up there. Don't turn it on. Just make him think he's turning it on. Okay, Gilbert's here. What's in the box, Ian? I'd give for me something I can wear like some pantalones. Boy, that overhead is all screwed up, George. I'm telling you. Wow, I just, if you don't have another mic open, do you? Why did you open up Gilbert's mic? Now you can open it up. That's it. Just a little after in the background. Gilbert's here for a couple hours just to warm up for Wednesday. Our big remote expects. Let's see what's in the box from Ian. And Kelvin, oh look what Kelvin put in there. Boy, I didn't know he had a spare. A beautiful cubs, is it a cubs thing? A beautiful 99 cent cubs t-shirt? Look at that. Beautiful and the cubs red and blue colors and a nice little card with a couple of two dollars in it. By the way, speaking of a couple hundred dollars, Kelly Shepherd up at Papadot Park is you know, is serving his suspension for a few days, not driving. And he came up last night. Fat Rich and I want to personally thank him for talking us off the mortal lock in a last race with Don Harmon and talking his into a total stiff with Luke Loye, who ordinarily I wouldn't bet would try these money. He made a break at the start of the race and is still breaking in 5,000 lengths behind Kelly. Nice job, baby. Came around, said hi. How you doing? Sad down, drank out of his paper cup. He was in the elevator going home before the last race and all of a sudden looked at his program and couldn't resist coming back, talking us out of the winter and talking us into a total stiff. Kelly, you're a hell of a guy but as usual, full of crap. Man he's in here just kind of lurching over waiting for the food. Now I do want to alert everyone that we're going to hopefully have lots and lots of food today. Everybody out there who has ever brought us food is invited to bring in lots of food, eating Arnold and early, early midday and often all throughout this extravagance of today. Jeff from PizzaLoft, Flores of course will be expecting that in a second. I'll be looking for my salad from sunny any minute and that's basically what I'm going to do. Carol's coming from Lattevar Netta with some local stuff and some diet cheese cake alleged. So we ought to have quite a day today. And all you're rick and suds is our pooses from waxing up yours. 12 minutes after 10 at WIOD, some people will do anything to escape the rat race but no one can do it as hilariously as Bill Murray and other big cubs fan. By the way, you do know that, don't you? Gilbert. Yes, he's a cup fan. Gina Davis, that's what I just said. And Randy Quaid in quick change, the hilarious heist and pursuit caper now available on video cassette from Warner Home Video. As achingly funny as a fish called Wanda says the LA Times, Maurice Funny is since Ghostbust, you said sneak previews. When a frisseled urbanite disguises himself as a clown and sets himself out to rob a bank. He discovers that sniping a million bucks is a snap compared to getting out of town. Quick change, it took it to ride for comedy lovers everywhere. It's waiting for you now at all specs and it's rated R and be sure and join us. This Wednesday, March 6th, when Gilbert joins us to do our thing, you're going to be there, right? I can't find it. No comment about that. We'll be at the brand new downtown Miami Specs at 202 Southeast First Street. He and will help you find it. For the best selection for all your music and video needs, the one place always is specs with over 50 locations statewide, including that gigantic beautiful incredible one, the new superstar at the Sorgras Mills, probably that bedroom scene did it for you. Oh wow, I was in front of you. I have it on tape. You do, I didn't tape it though. I did tape however, did you see that thing they had last night on travel phone and voices back here? No. The Nolson twins are on. Really? Yes. Wow. Out of it for you, thank you. Okay. That was really good. I had a lot of fun. Actually what we're going to do is we're going to borrow some of their hair and we're going to have her laying it to her kind of weave it onto her head. I would be good. See if we can improve it. At this point anything would help. So I'll send you a copy. It was only good. They had a lot of different actors and other musicians. Yeah. I'm telling you, you might sound like you're emotionally strong out from between the Nelson's and Pat Peterson lies now. Think she can headload anymore. Oh, very dreamy. Boy, drained the out. Evidently, well listen, have a wonderful weekend at a great life. Bye. Wow, man, all man. It's well, that's from one extreme to the other, I guess. We had Lee Fowler Jr. and a Blade Runner girl. And of course we have Gilbert here who's just a sitting by waiting for the food. Well, I'm just enjoying listening to you and to all you. Well, are you? We understand nothing. We're going to get that kind of couple. I should slide up. We understand you've been calling certain other stations in the market. We're very enthusiastic about that too. Keep it up. Plenty after 10, by the way, Gulfstream Park, home of the Aflord Derby is now going to be home of the breeder's cup again. That's official. It's absolutely fine. What do you know about it? You work there doing what? Doing what? Oh, shoveling out stalls. Yeah, that would perfect for you, man. Looks like you stuck your head in one. Anyway, the breeder's cup is coming back in 92. And of course, as brilliantly as they handled it in 89, we know it's going to be just a real happening. Anyway, this weekend tomorrow, the $75,000 Broward Handy Camp for three year olds in up at a mile in an eighth, secret hello and sports view, third and second in the Donahandy Camp will be in that one. And on Sunday, the $200,000 Rampart Handy Camp Florida's richest and most important test for Phillies and Meyers on the Main Track, grade two event at a mile and a 16th. And don't forget Sunday. In fact, every Saturday and Sunday from 7 to 9 a.m. It's breakfast at Gulf Streaming. Go see the workouts. Have a great time. And for a nominal buffet, the nominal fee, they got a great breakfast buffet, free parking admission and prizes. That's every Saturday and Sunday, 7 to 9 a.m. through Sunday March 10th at Gulf Stream. And kids, 17 and under always admitted to free when a company buying adult. So get out there for a big weekend of great racing this weekend at Gulf Stream. Post time every day except Wednesday is one in the PM. Hey, listen, if you have absolutely no life at all, which is most of you, I'm sure you'll want to stick around to two every day for those guys, Rick and Sugs. And Grrr, who's 28? I know that the Lord even loves Neorodges. Well, Alex Jr. is here and he sat down right next to Gilbert and the first thing Gilbert said is, well, do you want to play with it? The Zubtube. Gilbert, we got the Zubtube out. Give us a little, uh, take me out to the ballgame through the Zubtube. Gilbert. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. To be continued. Man, Gilbert through the tube is that incredible or what? Big pine key. Yeah. Yes, sir. We just wanted to say, at the University, everybody down in the keys. Well, thanks a lot, buddy. And we want to know what Rick is going to do with that in the map now. I don't know. Have a nice one. Probably squat. Have a nice life. Yeah. 10 25 at WOD. Boy, have we missed Gilbert or what? It's been a long time. I'm enjoying my life. A little bit, I realized how what good time we were having the last few months since you've been here. We got peeped from Pembroke Pines. Happy Anniversary. They're big boys. Wow. Wow, is right. My favorite car on the other side. On the wave of the- On the way down in Sydney and flat. He said, lap this. We'll have the anniversary. Yeah, where have you been? I went to Greece. I was going to stay for two weeks and ended up staying for, if you know what I mean. Yeah. I believe it. I just got back. I'm still suffering from a little jet set. I mean, man. Yeah. Yeah. I think a lot of people over there listen to Rick and Sud. Why is that? Because every party I went to, I heard, oh, that low. Yeah. I heard their hygiene isn't too good over there either. They have a habit of dropping the soap. It sure is. Yeah. Well, it sure up. What is it? Can you play something for me? Okay. You know that thing where it says Neil Rogers causes that stiffness and swelling. Oh, yeah. I heard it's right up your alley. That one up. Okay. Head or row, head or row. We'll fly it over to your boy boy. Wow. Now we've got to make it. It is. 1026. Day without people. He's like a day without sunshine. We have an open line of Dave County, 751 and 1 in Broward, 524WOD. George is on the bat line. Who's that Jeff Cohen with the, is it? Look at this. Notting us. Have you had a Jeff Cohen? I'm telling you that man is so chronic. I'm just unbelievable. His food is wonderful from pizza loft with guy is out of control for louder down. Is gone. That's a clicking line. Day on the anniversary wouldn't be complete without one good click. Miami. How are you in the old wonderful sir? Uh, happy anniversary. You're flew in from Chicago. This is your old Chicago fan. Yeah. Who's your happy anniversary? He flew in from Chicago to wish me an anniversary. Actually, he's calling another good one. Actually, not a keen down for golf to make. I listen whatever happened to Bill Smith. Whatever happened to him. Yeah. He's the, he's the 60 cycle tone on radio memories. Now, that'll smith. They have his head hooked up to the transmitter. Listen, what's your hat? I thought bring you back a Chicago cup at our venue one down. 26. That's right. 26. Yeah. Only on this day when they bring in the flowers like this. And it gets emotional. Your head swell. It starts swelling. Okay. It's your right. My drip. We got, okay. I listen. What's the better day to go to golf stream? Friday or Saturday? It would definitely Saturday. It'll be great. Oh, big day tomorrow. I see. Don't they're having the Sunday racing. Are they promoting Sunday is the bigger day down here? No. Okay. Okay. So Saturday is the good day. Yes sir. I see it without a season pass down here. Beats me. Don't ask me. Don't get me involved in all these problems. I got enough of my answer. I work in radio. Okay. I'll get the answer. I'll get the answer. I'll get the answer. I'll get the answer. I'll get the answer. I'll get the answer. I'll get the answer. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. Mike. He said up yours. We have, oh, by the way. You're that thing we started yesterday. Where's the Denver jingle? Paul Harvey Jr. Read a very annoying call by the way. It was bugging us about a bunch of stuff in Boone. This one was a small one and all this other. But we got a great new thing we're doing now. Here. Let's give you an example. Just a second. He is still. Oh, it's biggest. That's my opinion. I'm Mike Disney. Yeah. It's nice man. I'm not a man. He is a wonderful guy. Ladies, flowers Mr. Disney sent in here for me and for Gilbert. He said, well, I heard Gilbert was coming. What is it? I spoke to. That's for my horse. It's a big horseshoe. That's for Luke Lloyd's horse in the 12th race. It poppin' old last night. If he ever crosses the finish line. He's still up in the air, Kelly. Nice job, baby. I wonder how much Dominic paid him off to come back to the table. What is it? Mike Disney is a nice person. I met him at Joe Wobby Stadium. At Joe Wobby? The football. When the dolphin's supplying the picture. What's the name of the stadium? Joe Wobby Stadium. That's my favorite. You know, he's a nice person. He's a wonderful guy. Man, I'm telling you. He's a nice person. He's a nice person. He's a nice person. He signs my checks. We love him dearly. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. Happy anniversary now. Thank you, sir. I've only been listening to Jim and I OD, but it seems like 15 years. It seems like a lifetime. It's been a lifetime. And then, so. Yeah. Well, Happy anniversary and 15 more. Thanks a pile. By the way, the world's most depressing man. That's how we got started on this thing yesterday. Wasn't here. He really is a sure hope he doesn't come into the lady, a lot of food. Johnny Dork. The man is so depressing. He makes Bob Blasteter seem like good-time Charlie. Kim in here yesterday. And we all, how come they didn't carry this world away today? And how come they didn't finish him off? He is still. It's biggest asshole. Yeah, he's a... Very well done. Ralph Redneck Jr. is on the line. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, Ralph. Good snooze, be yours, Ralph. I'd done behalf of my dad and my stuff. I'd done a wish you a very warm and wonderful anniversary. Well, thank you so much. I was wondering, Neil, did you happen to have a chance to listen to my dad last night on Hank Greenberg Show? No, I missed it, Ralph. How was he? Oh, well, of course once again he reiterated the fact that he thought that it was time to take a new look at Cousine, all those ooze, I was bored. Right, and a new political position. What position is your dad in these days? He isn't there, is he never taking a look at him? He's in the parking lot in the prone position. Alright, well, that's good to know where he is anyway, Neil. And Rick Sanchez is squatting over his body as we say. The best to you on yours. Thank you so much, and made the good thing be yours. 1031, so Calvin's not coming today, huh? Oh, he is coming. Is he going to show up? Okay, now what is that? Just come down, Alex. If that just came in here with a lovely thing, see this is the only reason I'm milked the anniversary, especially a big one like 15. Is that you get a lot of good stuff. This is from Michelle's pastry shops for the finest French pastries, wedding and all occasion cakes, and it's... Oh! Oh, now you tell that psychotic Cheryl. No, seriously, you get her in here right now, because otherwise she's going to all you to get these are real. Now look at those. I know, Neil, may I explain something yesterday I went to both publics and very, that these are real home and touch and Jordan. Come in here immediately. See, these are the poppy seed and these are the real ones with the... What have you got inside? That's for you to find out. You got to squeeze it very gently. Okay, now and that's a real home and touch. These are beautiful. There's like a dozen of these. These are the who wants one. Man, he says, I'll eat anything. That's what he always does. Neil, do you want a real home and touch to kind of... Yeah, so let me show you how to shut you up, how about Ian. You're going to have one. Ian's looking very Jewish today. Here we go. Oh, Alex. Sure. Everybody's digging into one of these. Jordan out in George. You get to the inside yet to the filling, to the poppy seed. Great. Yeah. Neil, I went to... Coplas stores and they didn't have that. They had those little triangular red red red. They didn't have the ones. Wow, you have to go to the right places like Abraham's and to Michelle's. Does this have an advice? And I advise. And I advise. I advise. Are you going to start getting out of control again Gilbert? No, but I was at least thinking of you. There's a nice little note in here inside. Michelle's is at 801 South Bay Shore Drive in Miami at the four ambassadors. It says happy forum. Congratulations on 15 years of being a douchebag. And enjoy our token to that's how it is. From the wonderful folks at Michelle's bakery, well, we appreciate so much. These beautiful. Now, what's in it? Is that got mud? Poppy seeder is a prune. Do these have prune filling? I can't see. Let me see. So, next something, I can't... Oh, that's got prune. Does yours have prune filling? Poppy, yeah. Oh, so in other words, it's kind of like Mixer Match. It's a Mixed Match. It's hot to this part. Yeah, well, at least one good thing about that prune one. When it comes out, it looks the same as when it went in. Yeah, no changes, pal. 1033 at WIO, damn, sure we'll get a call from standard. They'd congratulate me my good friend Stan. Anyway, 27 until Mr. Happiness. While it's matter of fact, maybe we could find another one to go in there. We're Johnny Dark, we just played. So, in other words, you have to, this is like an assortment. And I hate to tell you this, but the ones with the poppy seeds are far superior. We've got George got a poppy seed one, because yesterday we stiffened with a prune filling. So they got you this instead of the... If he two of those, you have to move the hell and they'll, by the way, pull along. So anyway, thanks to Michelle's again, that's great. We're just getting started. I have a feeling there's going to be tonnied. You notice I haven't touched one yet, and we'll not tell later. We'll say one. We're a Cheryl. Get her a little squirly ass in here. I'm telling you, because I... See, she doesn't want it to be her when it's here. She enjoys being a typical quvatch just coming in like a day later, like Monday in this case. Oh, he didn't invite me! And how about that fat chuck mire that I just saw waddling storming down the Halaqa storm trooper? He could have one. He looks pretty Jewish today. Anyway, it's 26 to 11 at WOD. We've only just begun to eat the market, Stony 11 and a half points. I don't get it. I don't get it. During the war, every day the market was zooming. It was going to go skyrocketing. Now that we kicked their ass and we did this wonderful job, and we should all be proud and excited and enthusiastic. It's going into toilet. And you're a great investor? I know, I can't understand in my system. Well, when we come back, we'll analyze it when we come back after this break. Neil wakes me up in the morning. Neil wakes me up with a smile. When it's time to get in. Drinking my coffee, lunch and I'm a donut. We'll see the world does. Get ready to go to go and sail. We'll see the world does. We'll see the world does. We'll see the world does. We'll see the world does. God willing. Well, I just had a great idea, by the way. Jeff Cra multitude Nunner is my inspiration senator. What does he say? It tells us how. 20 to 11 at WIOND. Now listen carefully. P is still a rose biggest asshole. Okay. Get the message. Have a hum and touch, by the way. Mits. These are for real. They have like a prone poppy seed mixture. These are from a Shells Paste Reads. These are the emists. The real thing. Not those stupid little cookie triangles that people try to pass on. Probably Arabs. Let's go to Miami. Oh, Miami? Gone. Okay. Thanks so much for waiting on the day of my daughter's wedding. Cleveland. We're at the Lanniversary Wag. Thank you so much. How you doing? Who's this? This is me. Fine for Cleveland. This is me. Yeah. Oh, okay. How you doing, Neil? Okay. This is me. Well, I'm glad I called. I didn't know he was just anniversary. Yeah. While I see he came in on a moment to stay. Sir, and if you were here, we could share some of the food with you. Oh, well, I'm glad we didn't. Where is Cheryl, by the way? Mitch, do me a favor. Go up front and drag her physically down here. Because I don't want to hear all she wants to do is bitch later on. She didn't get the home and tush. And I have witnesses that she was in here belly aching about it before. Go away to hit her. Why can I find a good home and tush in here and cleave? In Cleveland, right on the shores of Lake Eury. Like there are pills down? Yeah. In fact, you really can't tell the difference. They look like hockey pucks, bagels, donuts, and home and tush. It's hard to tell. Just dig right in. Gotcha. Take your teeth out of the glass and sink them right in there. Who's that like? What's the difference between a rocky woman and a catfish? Right, exactly. Okay. Okay. Anyway, are you bad? Great. When the house might take, I think it's checked for 20 bucks. A Gilbert's holding it for you. Okay. And he's got the pay put away too. Yeah. Well, that's my check. What do you think of my pay? My pay check. Oh, frankly. You'll find a fake Franklin. Okay, well, but have you heard of him? Yeah, Pete. How about a re- you're re-threw Franklin. And there's any brother Ben. Okay, sir. As Ben Franklin would say, go fly a kite. Yeah. Okay. We have a celebrity collar on the line ladies and gentlemen. Our most of the time, good friend Tom Jika. Your interest was buddy. Happy interview. Yes, sir. Well, thank you so much. This call means so much to us. I'll show you. Mean reason is he's looking for tips of Gulf Stream this week. Well, I'll give you one secret hell. I was not in the brow at handicap. Okay. Wait a second. We have a bulletin. Cheryl has just been physically dragged into the room for a homintar. Okay. Okay. So what's up Tom? Nothing. Remember the last time you had a verse. She was on a Friday. That was probably the worship we ever did. Remember over the INZ. That's Friday night and I'd be for the... Oh, the all-time worst. I never forget that. That was just morbid and depressing. I can't get over it. I remember that night. You didn't think you'd make 15. Yeah, I'd quite get it. Didn't look like we'd get through 15 minutes on Atchho. Anyway, well, I just wanted to wish her. I'd be out of worship and hope you have 15 more. Well, thanks a lot. And I invite of all those incestuous reports. So Rick and Puts are kicking ass in the light bulb radio is going nowhere fast. By the way, INZ have you heard the story? That was it. Oh, about all news. All news. You're just gonna have it's my Monday call. The timing of this is so typical of Guy Gennett Brokett. Yeah, kind of. Get on the trigger. The war has come to a great place. Reaching halt. And now. Now, INZ is going all news all day. 24 hours a day. CNN Radio at night and no more talk net. And mom told you, they're gonna have a number at night. You'll need the Mont Palamar telescope to read it. Thanks a lot. You just blew my Monday call. It's not much that's not good. No, we picked everybody's interest to pick up the column on Sunday. I'm Monday. What are your favorites? Anyway, see you out at the track and have the anniversary. Thanks, Tom. Okay. Tom, Jika, that's probably the first and a long line of celebrity callers will be calling it like Little Joey. Here Joey, don't sit back there with the ugly look on your push. Huh? Anyway, it's 1040. What is wrong with that? 1044. At WIOD, you were just looking in a wrong place. Let's go to Papano. Hello, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary and congratulations on the marriage of your daughter. Thank you so much. And on this occasion, I would like to ask a favor of my valued friend Luca. Yes. I'm most valued friend Luca. I'd like to ask a favor of our good friend, Don Gilbert. Yeah. I would always go home maybe. Yeah. That comes later. I was wondering if Gilbert would be so kind as to record a phone message for my brother and law. Great. Here's your chance, Gilbert. You want to be a daughter? Do you want me to say? How about hi this is Gilbert. Brent isn't in right now, but leave your name at the tone and you'll call you back or something along those lines. What's his name again? Brent. Brent. Barry and T. Not Brent. Hi, Brent. This is Gellbert. Leave your name. And a message at the tone and I'll get back to you. I still want to say. Okay, hello. Okay. Thank you. Okay, sir. Thank you. Bill is in a mail. Wow. Hey, that could be a listen. I think that guy just hit on something. That could be a big business you could get into. You could make telephone answering messages. It would be great. God. When it will be back in a minute. 1045 at WIOD or you could just get went. Let's go to what Lutterdale X is gone. Mobile in Fort Lutterdale. Hello. Morning. Yes, sir. Well, thanks a lot, sir. And up the nose of all the people at WACC FM. Your favorite douche bag in F. I was there. I give you a big squeeze. Well, thank God you're not. I want to say hello to a couple of real desperate friends who are who have their ears. Send to the radio today. Listen to you and you know how painful I can be. Wow. I see little joys got his ear pierced now. He's got a little thing in his ear. And he's thinking about putting an earring in there too pretty soon. A couple of real real big douche bags in bulk at Cretown in the end rate. You're really desperate. Now love you both. Good job, sir. Have a great life. And don't ever call a show again. 1046. Okay. Okay. He's nice. The car's got to recue again. Okay. I don't have a lot of car suggests to say somebody's name. So we'll have to work on that in the future because this is going to be a whole new avenue. We can do if this thing ever cues up again. How come they put 10 second bits on two and a half minute carts? Is there any special reason for that? Gilbert. Are you on the business? I'm in the business. That's my problem. That's the biggest problem. Okay. Here we go. It's thought about cueing up. It's slowed down for a second. And now it's shifting into high gear. Come on already. It's only a four hour show. Well yeah. Let's get with it. He's still. Oh, it's biggest. I'm so. I have my nose up. Neal's ass. Okay. Outstanding. We may not have the names on there, but a douche bag by any other name would sound the same. Then they bring back the great memories. Where's Bill Marshall when we need him? Is he under the table? Looks like he and Ian are having a little something going on under the table. Oh, I love that. The horseshoe and the floral range of it blocks out everybody. I can't see a thing. It's the best you have had in a long time. Anyway, the professionals over at university BP car car center know that next to your home. That car is always your biggest investment right Gilbert. Yeah. That's why you always want to keep it in top running condition. And that's why you can trust the care of your car to the experience. Pro is the technicians at university BP car care center. Whether it's changing world to a chassis, the loob. Tires to thermostat spark plugs to shock absorbers. Their skilled professionals can handle your needs year round. So don't forget right now. They're having that special offer on Luboil and filter change for just 1995 less of five dollar BP rebate final cost only 14 95. So stop in today for a Luboil and filter change at university BP car care center. They're 14 92 South toxie highway and curl geables open Monday through Saturday. Call them at 6 6 14 90 2 6 16 14 90 2 6 16 49 0 2. 6 16 49 0 2. They use only the best day to the art equipment like the Allen smart engine analyzer, which gives you a precise and thorough computer print out of what's going on with your car. Okay, taking all the guesswork and headaches out of auto repair. The 14 95 or Luboil filter change special right now at university BP car care center. 14 92 South toxie highway and the geables. Be sure and tell them Gilbert sent you down. I want to comment on the university Miami baseball game that you broadcast with Bob Greasy. I think it was the best one that got ever heard. And I would certainly be the first to agree with that. You're a versus Miami stinks and that. Well, let me read that memo again just in case anybody missed out the University of Miami athletic department has refused the stations request. To have near Rogers act as the substitute broadcast announcer for the March 16th UM baseball game. The short stop, Bill Roder. 6 10 WIOD has chosen not to broadcast this game as an active open to finance. We've said your number one UM we've given them the gigantic fickle finger of fates sir. And they are a pain in the ass anyway, so it all fits. I've recently played a computer baseball game with my nephew and I was the 45 cubs and he was 55 senators. Yeah and well I want to be the one. I think that's what you know must have been a fantasy. I think that you could do a play by playing one of those games and broadcasts. You know with the sound effects and I mean. The road ahead struck out bounced out and walked he's over to. Yeah. Get me. Sure. I'm working on it all right, you're that Billy Rona 45 cubs. Well there you have it. Okay, thank you for your illuminating culture. Thank you. Okay. What guy? I'm going to you. I'm a children geek. Choces acting and sunny. Hi. We don't discuss the University of Miami on this high-falutin show. Okay, because they're way above us. In fact, just light on on your back and look straight up and you probably see a few of them right now. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey, dude. Great. I just want to congratulate you on your $15. Well thanks a lot, pal. Where is your daughter? Is getting married? My daughter is so wedding. We're wearing her nose to Ian's face. She's a matter of fact. It looks like we've already made the marriage. Look at that. It's already on there. Gilbert and Alex and little Joey and the manney and the Ian and Sylvia. It's just great. I'm having a party. Back to Ian was dressed in the Ian's gown today. It's beautiful. You're a friend called you? What is it? Are you a friend called you? Who's that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You're a friend. You're a friend. You're a friend. Well, you have so many. You have so many. You have so many. You have so many. You have so many. I'm not saying. You're worth these words to knew Alex. This guy's out of control. You're out of control, sir. You're losing it. Hey, how about peeing people for fun? He called? He called. Did you miss it? Yeah. He was very good. I was right on top of it. I would like to see him in a dark alley. Oh, but you were. I'll be seen. Well, he's right up here, Riley. Have a great life, pal. See you. I'll read the church. Turn it off, turn it off, turn it headline so it's okay. Turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off. I've always been put some hours time to play. Turn it headline so we don't need them. Turn it headline so it's okay. We won't think that you're a commie think of free. Turn your headline so it's all full day. Great job as you will. Mix a little as a legend in the production industry, whatever the hell he produces. He's just a legend in his own mind. And of course he does all the stuff for the show because he likes to free food. And speaking of that, I see boxes and boxes of stuff in a hallway. Look at that. Unbelievable. What is that? You want manny? Well, listen, there are a lot of things we all want for life isn't clear. We're in Arnold Murray are here. Look at that. With stuff. Henry's got the news, Rick and Sputter 2, Joe and Jim from D'Ralott Sports Stocks, 6.05. Best of Goldberg 8.930 tonight and at a bunch of stuff. So 6.00 W.I.O.D. he said cheapishly and the food from Wayne Arnold's is here man. We have got tons of stuff and gifts and frankincense and murder and a huge cake. And I have never seen such active pigory in my life. And here's Kent Williams from Pompano Park, ladies and gentlemen, a great American. Well, I don't know if I should accept the accolades as a great American, because actually I'm Canadian, but. Like I said, I would be here. And my sincere congratulations on 15 years, but. I hate to think that down in a cave you actually give you a 15th anniversary present that amounts to a sucker bat. Exactly. But Kevin, well, the sucker bat is really. He won't be standily into the meat. You're in big trouble. Oh, I see. Well, I thought Joe was leaving too. I thought he was going to the metal lands. Well, Joe says one thing one day and another thing the next. Well, just like you've rather. Well, you know, we can't listen to you up there in New Jersey. So I'm sure Joe will stay with us. Most of the time right now. Let's put a little let's put a little agenda on there. If either driver leaves before the end of the meat, all bets are off Dominic. Well, you're going to have to take that. I'm not Dominic's agent or anything. I just felt that it was, you know, I'm an official here. And I had to kind of point this out just so that all sides are aware. Worst Kevin go back to Michigan. Yeah, Kevin does real well up at Hazel Park. He told me just in the last few minutes, because I thought I better confirm that with him that some time in the first two weeks of April. He's going to pack his helmet and head north. Oh, well, we have all month to go then, you at least month and a half. So just show you where that it's a bit of a handicap wager that you accepted. Well, listen, we got sucked into Luke Lawyer from Kevah Kelly Shepherd last night. It's a were easy and I won't get talked to anything. All right, well, I have the anniversary. We'll see you out there tonight too. Maybe in the winter circle. Okay, going to be a good one tonight. Should be great cards. Okay, thanks, Ken. Well, it will be a real good card. I've got the program already. We've got some excellent races coming up tonight. A couple of big trots and Christmas list in the ninth race. It should be fantastic. So Dominic, pay me a try to win a crooked bet. Man, I can't believe that any horsemen would ever do that. Well, look at these people are just oblivious. All of a sudden, like I'm not even here anymore. And Ian is just shoveling crap down his throat. Pablo. Yes, sir. Yeah. All right, Neil. All right, Neil. I'll be in the rush. Thank you. Sir? Yeah, a long time with the first time call. Wonderful. I'll be nervous. Now it's real easy. It is. I'll get the roof of it. How does it take you? I've been a joyful last two years. I've been listening to you there. And you're not a former waxy listener, are you? Am I? No. You are. You're looking to Rick and spot our waxy. Are you getting it? And that turned me right on. Back to you again. Because they still listen to you. And you are in the zators. Oh, yeah, right. Yeah. Good. Good. Commentation. You're looking to plantation. Right. Is it great place to get it? The university and something. University between sunrise. Yeah, what's it like? What's the name of the Durnespace Durnespace Durnespace. Somebody mentioned that yesterday. I'm going to have to check that out. Durnespace. Okay. Not naturally ending. Yeah. I don't know about you. But I'm getting sick and tired of that. Being nuts. Well, it's getting the point of kind of like slapstick almost. Or lipstick and slapstick. She got enough lipstick on 351. She sure does. She looks like a toy doll. Yeah. It really does. In fact, maybe she and that little barbie doll are playing with Maybe they'll kind of get together by the end of the show. She doesn't think they got the same mentality at this point. Yeah. Well, listen. I want what you're happy and healthy. Many more years of success on the radio. Yes, sir. And my friend Lynn. You're not a douchebag. I love you. Okay. Take care. Good job, sir. I'm going to start with the first call. We have an open line in Broward 524 Kevin Mathews. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Happy happy. Yeah. Easy for you to say. Rocky the port says hello. Who? Rocky the port. Rocky uh Rocky squirrel. Jim Hicks. Yeah. Kevin. We have. Let's go to a mobile and I'll pick report. Hello. Yeah. Happy big day. 15 years. I hope to turn the air for another 15 and just one minutes. You got a tingle line here and say that you're done. Okay. Let's get out the plastic table. Cross there. Go ahead. You got it. Okay. It's best thing on the radio. And I've never even listened to talk to a shark show before. And now I can't turn it off. Great. And this Tony from Berkeley and do me a favor. I'm Neil. Thanks a really nice one. If you get the time. Do what? It's called dice erroney. The cart with dice. Oh. There. Oh. Yeah. Dice erroney. That's one of my all time favorites. You're going to whip it on the second. Okay. And the cart too. Right. Have a great life. Okay. You know who that was. Don't you? Do you know who that was now? Before. Okay. Anyway, it's 11 after 11 at Wild. But unfortunately he didn't get to say it. Let's, uh, where is that thing? Should we do a break for pizza loft? That'll get you have to come in here sooner. You'll notice I haven't dug in any of the Royal Castle yet. There's probably a real good reason why too. Haven't had an opportunity. I have never seen. I mean honest, a god. Yeah. Chicken bones. We got your bone over here, pal. Okay. Anyway, it's 11 after 11 at Wild. 655 9463 and open line in Palm Beach. Even on my anniversary. Then it'll give a crap up there. And at least they're consistent. In order to help families of the rest of us even Gilbert say a little bit of money. And still be able to enjoy it. You've been over there, right? Well, that's that. Well. Yeah. Of course I have. Pizza law. Yeah. Even Gilbert is an eating frenzy. Which is pretty unusual. Anyway, a Jev had pizza law to stop offering a complete dinner for two for just 12.95. And putting your choice of any of these two on trays. Any two of these on trays. However you want to say it. Jeff's award-winning lasagna with tomato or meat sauce. Stuffed shells with tomato sauce. But getting with tomato or meat sauce. Manacotti with tomato sauce or eggplant parmesan with tomato sauce. By the way, Ralph, your girlfriend makes some of the best eggplant parmesan I've ever had my life. Ralph, up at the track. Our wonderful Major D last night. That was fabulous. Anyway, it's also fabulous at Pizza law. And you get your choice of any two of those on trays for just 12.95. Monday through Wednesdays. And that deal is good inside the dining room. Calm down, Alex. Or take out her delivery. And don't forget Pizza law. Except your visa or master card on deliveries too. They also have catering as little as four bucks per person. If you're having a party and open it up a big mouth like these guys here. And we all know Pizza law to some of the world's best pizza. Whether it's whole wheat or the regular or that calzone pizza or fugazap pizza. That's stuff with onions and spicy stuff and crap. And don't forget, we'll be there. I'm sure Gilbert will show up Tuesday, March 19th. Mark that on your. Oh, I'm saying. To the marks 19 five to late PM to inaugurate the New New Rogers dining room. It pizza law free dinners will be given away prizes. All kinds of crap. Gilbert will be autographed your thing free autograph pictures. The official grand opening at Pizza law. That's Tuesday, March 19th, five to late PM. You'll find pizza law upstairs at 69th and Flagler just east of the Palmetto and Miami. They're number in date 266 51 11 266 511 one. When they should be here any second with tantalizing goodies from the pizza law. Just come down here's Andrew Dice Clay for Diceroni. All right, let's say you're eaten. You're sick and tired of impotators and that's stole top. Do like me, honey. Eat this. Diceroni. Come on. It's almost as simple as you put up in bag enough. In part and you turn on the. Install. You think you can manage that honey. Hey, put up things up. In things done. Stop. Remember. Yankee doodle came the town. Right on a pony. Stop up for the ropis. I said call this dice. I wrote it. Oh, no. Oh, no. The taxi delivery. Oh. Yeah, have a bowl of that cover. Dice this 10 11 16 at W. I. O. D. Oh, no, did you know that Mike night from black oven Pete Suleo. He's really a nice guy. He told me he sent this by nap night night is from Q.A. Yeah, like that as they wanted to take one right now. Black oven Pete Suleo. He told me to say hello to you. Great guy. That's in hot. What? He treated me to one of his pizza and it's very delicious. Yeah, he gave you a tweet. Okay, let's take a caller to hear the celebration is building to a crescendo. You're obviously the beautiful thing. Look at that. Wayne Arnland, Murray brought in your api anniversary. Neoranges with it. Ugly fat picture of my head. 15 years of South Florida's greatest talk show host and Trouble maker and red white and blue colors. What a beautiful thing, huh? Somebody ripped that off for sure. Kendall. We're looking forward to another 15 years of eating, melting and farting on the air. Neoranges show is great. We wouldn't let you down Rick. Is this Rick Sanchez? Yes, sir. Okay. Oh, that's him. That's Rick. I'd like to build from Kendall congratulating. I'd recognize that aroma anywhere Rick. Okay. Thanks a lot, Bill. All right. Have a great life. Okay, we have an open line in date County. If you're really hurry now, we have people lined up all the way to the Utrecht just to get in today. 751. What is it? I don't think I can do it. Okay. Good job, Gilbert. Gilbert's warming up for Wednesday. I have a feeling Wednesday. It's back. He's going to be really doing it. Well, I'm okay if I could do it. Now if you give me the chance. Oh, God, the thought of it is just more than I can comprehend. And I do have several witnesses in here. So far, I've had about like a third of this so homintosh and the rest I've had no opportunity to dig into. Yeah, I'm a witness to that. I agree. Yeah, because I haven't had a chance. Let me say it again. Is there anything left at home? No. No, I don't want to be old. Are you crazy? There's an alien there. I'll have one. Because I said I would eat none of this, but I lie a lot. And the audience is used to that. Thank you so much. Joey said he gave me one. Okay, let's go to do we just do candle. We just did candle. Yeah. George is in the reading. He's useless when he eats. I love sunrise. Yeah, how are you doing this? Okay. I just wanted to go to the up, which had 15th anniversary. Thank you, pal. I feel that it's honored to be a caller on this day. When you day of my daughter's brist, right? Right. Now, when you've got so many celebrity callers, and I'm just, you know, just a fort... Just some regular slime ball from up there. It's not a dream. The other faceless boys. So reason I'm calling is you haven't so much fun. I've got a tip, you know. I could come into reality that you're going to get visited by two giants in the industry little later on. Really? And of course, I'm talking to you. Debbie Ellison, Dave Game. I'm a storm and Norman, Aryan, and Randi Martin might drop. I saw Randi's ugly. I mean, I saw her in the control of the wild girl. She's gorgeous, man. She's a hot dog. Yeah. Especially from the ankles down, she's an knockout. Okay. Well, keep her eyes out for us, sir. Yeah, more than what's happening to you, this would say. I didn't want you to get really excited when you saw them, you know, the four warn you. Yeah. Okay. I'll eat fast. Okay. Thanks a lot. Speaking of eating fast, we got any hot sauce around. Not that sweet and sour sauce. That's for the chicken wings that they devoured a whole bucket of here. I've never eaten that. Now, that does that sweet and sour sauce. I can tell by the, there you go. That's it. I don't put your fingers in it. And I don't do things in the first state like that. Okay. We got his little spoon maybe. Little something. Come on. Let's get organized. These guys are eating. No, not a knife. You're really brutal. Stick him in a zoo, too. Thank you. Joey, Joey's right on top of it. And if you look deep into his eyes, you can tell he has been for many hours now. Okay. I'm just going to have that one and then we'll see what all shows up here. Jeff is coming. I bet your floor shows up in a course. My salad from sunny. I want to thank sunny at the market over there. It's been great this week. It's, I hope it keeps up forever. Let's, why do you keep having candle up there? It's not, are you a candle? Oh, my, my, my. I'm your lake. See, I told you, George, quit screwing around in there. Go ahead, Serpino attention to him. He's lost. You want to wish you a happy anniversary? Thank you. The cups are great. Yep. And we'll stay in the douche bag. Yes, sir. Good job. Don't ever call us radio station again. We have an open line of dinner. It's bringing out the Palm Beach. It's been sitting there for a long time. It's been dormant. I think Lee Fowler, Juniors call it the beginning of the show. I had a lot to do with that. It's 1121 at WIOD. Rick and Spuds will be along. And the only try to correct what I said before. Best of Goldberg from 8 to 930. So it's a tape. No, it is. No, Serpino. I don't understand why he must be occupied doing something. 930 to 11. Goldberg at night with guest, Lensha Pirouz, Sports Editor of the Washington Post, wrote the book on John Thompson of what you call it. George Town, you. And with a towel at Smott of the day carries over his shoulder. I'll tell you, if we could get the guy from Vegas, Jerry Tarcanian with the Smott on his head. And this guy with the Smott on his shoulder, we'd have something, set him over to Houndel, which is Smott to Rowl. So that will be live 930 to 11. His life is hank sure ever gets. That's all coming up tonight. I want to get that straightened out. It's 1121 on your assume station WIOD. And we'll be. Like that. Can you tell me? Two diet cheesecakes. Oh, our chicken Rogers, they're making a downstairs. Great. I'll see you from October net and they're doing their thing downstairs. Thank you very much. We're looking forward to that. Do you want me to fight now? To go ahead Gilbert, sooner or later. Let me get this big report on here. Hello. Hey Neil, congratulations on your anniversary. Thank you. The day of my daughter's brisk. We've got a little bit. He's in a market on Johnson, Rowl and North Park Road. Yeah. I think right now, I'm going to meet in there. Little pain in his ass is actually no mercy. And I'd like to call officer and our fellow big goosepeaks. Great job, sir. I'll be taking one in the back. Okay. Take care. See ya. He's not talking about what you think. Well, maybe he is. I don't know. 26 after 11 at WIOD. We have an open line on the Starlight at Star HD. And now ladies and gentlemen, what is this that you're planning? My name is Vise. Oh, great. I'm a sister. I know. I've heard that before. Okay. You had a. Good. Scuttie. My name is Thomas. He's sitting with an iron. He was run the other way when they feel. But we're not going to be stuck with a girl. He's a girl. Oh. All right, guys. Let's not go. Let's not go. Let's not go. Let's not go. I'm not going. It gives me all the drugs. Well, I have to get lost. Here we go. Yeah. Don't you remember. You just shot my father last week. I had to. See you. I stay walking in hell. I'm down. Kuberts. Brightly nice on envy. Be there. No. Okay. Great. That was your worth waiting for. By the way, have another little. A little. A little. A little. A little. A little. A little. A little. Strauss. Because that's. Why? This. Because. Because. Because. For. Because. For. Thank you boy we just loaded with crap in here. His eyeballs are still rolling around like a pinball machine What is it Sunny looks like Sunny is a former wrestler. Did you know that he really is he's a former professional wrestler? And if you don't cut the cost of comments will come over here and they're asked to the wall 27 after 11 at W. I would be look at this lunch today from Sunny's that's my salad from Sunny's market you on a healthy slab I heard rumors you've been eating with Dave Grave line. That's the rumor that I hear man, man No today we have a corn and cottage cheese a little chicken salad Some sweet potatoes. Oh man. Look at that in mushroom and what are these these are like artichokes, aren't they? Oh? So how is the humontage Cheryl? I'm so glad I asked Oh Look at that I just mung done myself so bad You think if you were in a pink shirt that you could do almost anything like maybe even fly But I just made a mess. I'd screw it. It's my anniversary to hell with everybody if you don't like it get out Okay, 28 why were we looking at Gilbert when I said that now you're okay Let's go to a Popano hello Congratulations. Yes, sir, and I wanted to tell you if you didn't know this that the cards are going to be on the dish tomorrow afternoon at three they're trying to pre-season game against the brewers live in L.A.R. Already? That's right. I Read it in the saddle I weekly on Bolivable I haven't heard you I Know about it and I just want to call and we should that and let Let you know it's a downtime baseball back. I've been I've been Jones in a whole winter Well, you know something the timing is perfect in fact this afternoon when I go home They're coming to put a new receiver in my system Great Huh Yeah, so I must have known I must be a psychic experience. I must have known the cups were gonna be there I cannot wait I appreciate it. I never would Thank you, sir. Very good. You're great American people good work. Thanks. Bye, Neil That's exciting That uh, water is in a building now. That reaches there. Come on pull up a chair. Don't be a bashful And did you hear Dominic, pay the call before and try to give us that bogus bet that Ken Williams had a straight out Dominic your brutal You're almost as good as Kelly Shepherd. Oh Here comes Luke, lawyer hit him again, Luke. Come on We're gonna have a maturase between Michael Cruz and Luke, lawyer to see which one can make the horse fall down first It's 11 30 a WIOD and let's go to a mobile and North Miami What he's back on the phone again today and in honor of since I can't refuse anybody's offer on the day of fat reaches briss Thank you. Well, it's an afterthought. I must have another 15 more. No, I don't get too healthy on us though Oh, this lunch today is so fantastic. Oh I know that I saw any is God An occasional white hot every now and again. I had a little nearly burger just to among my system up Leakin it in just that's what the old Nick is I want you to have another 15 more and then maybe another 15 after that, all right? Okay, what he How do you get him? How many? How many? How many? How many? Oh, you don't ever call again. What he? What what happened now? Hey, you just stick your nose in your business and keep out of my business. Okay until I let you know It's about 11 30 a WIO do we have an open line on a starline? We're gonna hear about Joey's wild experiences last night during the noon to one hour in detail And he's gonna draw us it's gonna be like the military briefing only Joey's briefs are gonna be the ones We're gonna be good to see is there a little diagram with arrows in the whole thing. Okay, let's go to Jeral. Hello I'll friend me You Congratulations from this the day of your daughter's wedding. Thank you so much my most valued friend Luca Leo. Yeah, why don't we get to play your favorite tapes the ones of Rick's Sanchez Which ones? Oh Hopefully we can hear two of them one was Sally and into one when he sings and and the day of his wedding Now you mean to one that's Okay, I got him. I got it sir very well right on top of it for you I'd like to call my friend Ron T A major Okay, see you 11 31 by the way We don't need that kid call us again today to thank you The last night I'm not sliding they had the scene where the token black family in the show Was out there at this dance. Well, I don't know what you're laughing about it's true I mean there are no black people like the black people on that show Anyway, and the daughter is out there dancing and so this band this is a former ring and they were singing luckily I'd dub the right song Try to explain Party on everyone. I'm your most excellent anchor Rick Sanchez and with me as always Sally Fitz party on sale party on Rick called fan Pedro lately Not since I've been back from Houston people in the business remember, but fortunately for me the public has a short memory Say what about that guy you flattened if he's still in a coma? I yeah still in a coma. I am so glad you brought that up, Sal not Anyway, who's saying blew off a couple more scuds at the occupied West Bank But those awesome Patriot dudes intercepted Kaboo as you know the insane who's saying gosh can I turn an original phrase or what yes poison gas But as I squat over Baghdad That's the word I'll give him a gas of my own hot air out of both in Who's saying today said yeah So new anchor when they chopped lips squatting over my country with a smelly gas My fruits of all fleeing but for me I ran but I couldn't hide Well, that's all the time we have for today party on sale party on Rick. I'll sit in squats Are you worried not Rick over our rack for channel seven news? Okay, it's 1135 it's Wild breeders cup come at a Gulfstream in 92 even he is not he's gonna go back with his shovel and Work there again get all clean out for you So we have a great event Dave Joseph who writes the best column in sports in this town by far. What is that? Oh from October net a thank you Carol has a whole lot of thing on it Find out all the money that's gonna come to town and to the handle and the whole excitement in this morning Sun Sentinel right on a front page of the sports section pretty exciting news It's gonna be another gigantic extravaganza next year When a breeders cup comes back to Gulfstream read about it and Joseph's calm and the Sun Sentinel pick it up today and we'll be right back The architects him all the way from California They came with land planners and landscape designers and the California state of mind Even the palm trees traveled 3,000 miles So they too have California roots Welcome Santa Barbara local to the town Community of villains court yards and patio homes a wonderful townhouse and the flesh in California You know guys see Santa Barbara Yes, like nothing else you look at which is probably why you're still looking Drive the gates on John Road just in with the blades What do you want to hear first the good news or the bad news? All right since most you said the bad news here it is the economy stinks the cost of everything continues to go up Conversely our ability to go out and have a good time goes down So she's you jump out a window no Should you jump into the car and go to Daniel Highlight yeah Which brings us to the good news the price of a good reserve seat at Daniel Highlight is a $1.50 a fucking a half for an exciting afternoon or evening's entertainment tell that to your guests What north and sucking up your food to take them at space now? We're talking a half for a good reserve seat at Daniel Highlight is good news But there's more the pay off son Quinn now is and perfect is our huge and Tri-fact is often pay more than a thousand dollars So you could come to Daniel Highlight and win a bundle but to do it you got to meet his half left Place the bet that I feed one of the first 2500 through the door and get a free no speed limit license plate Attention golfers how would you like to win a complete set of a greater golf clubs and I'm a greater golf fan It's easy just up like either Dave Broward golf centers and register between now and March 1st The Dave golf center is also Palmano Expressway at 120 second street and the Broward golf center is on the open part full of art One mile west of i95 Micronary will announce the winner on Monday March 4th during his show There's no purchase necessary so register soon and good luck from the Dave Broward golf center 610 W I O G Yeah, that's where he used to sit Gilbert right now cheer look what happened to him So if you wake up tomorrow morning and find yourself in Lakeland you'll understand why oh He was great. What did you say? Nice seeing you Gilbert 22 till noon in W I O D and the Carol Romano from Malatevernetters not only brought in the chicken regio Which is like low-cal chicken with peppers and asparagus and great stuff, but two Low-cal cheesecakes and Moreto and P can pre-lean And man, what is that kiwi's on top of that one? Kiwi's in strawberry oh god low-cal of course so after the first six seven pieces will cut it out made with cottage cheese Only 7,000 calories per slice thank you Carol How I'm Dale? Hey Neil how you doing great happy anniversary. Thank you sir. Listen. I wish I had a known about you 15 years ago Today of my daughter's vasectomy Yeah, unfortunately I had I would last summer with the first I've ever heard of you and One of the public truck drivers Jay commencement. He told me about you They're the best those public truck drivers. You have any other stuff They're all the flea right now. I was listening right now Especially those guys who bring in the fresh produce man. They know their fruit. Yeah Hey listen. I want to ask you about the ratings. You were talking about on the other day You said the W I O D midday had dropped from five one to four nine or something like that No, from a six three to a five five or something like that But those are rolling trends are rolling averages three months at a time and a reason we dropped is because October last October we had a giant Month and in November we had a terrible month. It got averages out You know depending on which hat they pull a numbers out of and so We lost October but when the next month comes we'll be losing November So the whole station will go back up dramatically and February. It'll be great But the question I had is where do they get those numbers from that's what I'd like to know I'm gallon head What from a what 10 gallon head. Yeah, I believe it. Hey listen I'm from Cleveland. Well listen nobody's perfect, but you're I'm proud that you admitted it, sir Yeah, and I want to ask you if you ever heard a Northfield. I've been there. Oh, have you? Northfield down Yeah, one time that was in Detroit. We got a tip on a weekend. We got a tip on a horse Yeah, friend of mine's girlfriend was the new the jockey at DRC who also knew a driver at Northfield and gave us a tip on horse We drew all the way from Detroit to Cleveland. We got there. We go in. I picked all these winners But we're not fitting the earlier races. We're saving all our money We bet the source off the board. We knocked him down from 8 to 1 to 3 to 1. He's still running Oh, is that right? Let's have a look up and the horses name and I'm not making this up his name was Mr. Z. Was the name of the horse? Which I think was an omen for later year. That's a true story. Yeah Last time I was up in Cleveland Northfield almost went bankrupt really what I guess I'll have to make an other rich And I have to make a trip up there. Rettles keep you going for a couple of months. Yeah, before I hang up Neil I want to call all the public truck drivers. I don't want to call them douchebag this time I just want to say they're great American. Okay, sir. Okay, and douchebag. Okay, happy to hear it. Thank you 1141 at WOD course rich and I have been really for the reason the persons have gone up in poppin old people think Excuse me, that's been because they've had a good meeting but rich and I have left enough over the first three months to the meeting That the person has gone up dramatically this week and if we continue on the road to poverty The horsemen will be rich by the end of April. We have an open line in Broward 524 what on the star line? It's star iod Look at that two open lines in the same day guys are kind of boredier the way from the next bunch of food to come in It Neil could ask you a question anything you like Gilbert The numbers how did the MRC and kill code on kill a m how the brawl I'm so glad you were Okay, yeah, so anyways by the way if you're wondering what I'm eating it's the salad from sunny So don't go getting psychotic on me. You see the beautiful horses said that we know Brut me. Oh, yeah That's a beautiful glass for it. Man I'm gonna go home and put that in the foot of my bed and rub it all night long Anyway, it's um Right where things said you love you You know, well, it's good. Don't you hear that if you rub a horses head. It's good luck. Yeah, quite glad they work through dominant cave You're anyway it's 1142 now. What is it you want to know kill a m 2 a m your favorite I'll hear you're sucking around with those guys all the time and M. I see the young memories while Let's see I love 94 is doing it. They went out with two three and the captain Davis right down there's sucking wind Q a m did not make the 12 plus list here The bottom station was light bulb radio with a one four so Q a m is not in the top 25 And what was the other one radio memories? Yeah, but radio memories on the freight also did not make the cut isn't that a shameful Either one of them made the top 25 so I can tell you how bad they did, but it was mighty weak Mighty way okay if you'll better now get what you take that tube and just put it away where belong sets it Close it up Friends Yes, I'm a resident from Michigan who died here about five years ago all right good choice good choice Yeah, I heard you say last week's drive from Kalamazoo to the track and Detroit every night every night Do you see or is it both? Oh, whoever was running I see I've been listening to you about a year and most part I enjoy and then there were of course there were certain times the year when we didn't have to go so far We just go to Jackson harness raceways right and Northville right by the years. Oh, yeah Wait when you said you usually enjoyed but but well It's always a big spot staring you're right in the face But your butt kissers sir, what how can I do it? They're not fool anybody This is the Neil Roger show or the Kelly Shepherd fan club Kelly Shepherd gave us a stiff horse last night sir. Kelly he's on our list now believe me Come Kelly's winning now with the same horses is getting here he couldn't win a thing while he's got that bike They've been worrying I think he's got a good bat to well that could be it sir I could be it there's nothing like love and tender care That's what they always tell us I'm amazed the same horses are winning now they couldn't do anything good You're well, that's the way goes they go through these cycles. You know it's like dog food They go through for the first ten weeks They're well he's gotten hot. I found the magic okay As they say on the FM dial he's found the magic. Yeah, I guess Have a great life fair. Okay, sir. See you. I get your drift It's 1144 we have two open lines in Broward 524Wild is the next course from flora's arrives look at those canolies Oh, man Alex Jr. saw one of those these turn as eyeballs start rolling around. Oh, let Joey see those he gets excited What he sees something that big and there's some pizza. What is that? You heard what I said we heard about you disgracefully evening on the town last night Now let's try to keep calm here a Ian mr. Hauser over there Oh look at that that I'm having a slice of that onion and the sausage We'll find some place for that covered like sit on it or something Well see what it's he don't drop it now man these people you food gets going or just like those old yentas over at That place in Hollywood wasn't able to have that place care it not for the place we did the remote that time and Hollywood Well was it They're not listening to what I'm saying there nobody. What's the food comes in like I said they pay no attention whatsoever haven't sure Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, yes, could you on to pontiff how you doing? What a smotty you're wearing by the way who do designer? I'm telling you I almost got at the board told the ants you weren't an opportunity I love that Calvin Klein you're doing I just want to remind you that history repeat itself This is young to forum we got rid of Hayman. Yep, and now we got rid of the yeti and the same area Exactly and believe me history does repeat itself Well just keep in mind it's on the anniversary of the independent staying Kuwait on forum and my 15th anniversary which are all connected What a date. Yes, sir. Thank you, man. I'll have an extra home and touch for you just an hour Okay, bye. See you 1146 at Wild we have an open line in date 751 and one in Broward 524 Wild Calvin is here with his boyfriend. I with a friend of his Just came it off the beach. How about she's a lifeguard isn't he? Yeah, we see those washed out blonde times before And it's just a joke just relax And we've got a real heavy duty party now the zoob tube is falling hit the ground and now they're really going out Serotic control what happened all the other people in the building that are just laying back is this like An editorial comment from them or what Yeah, is there only one can only left in there? Well stick it right over here Let me have the thing okay because I've learned through very very great frustration at unless you put your hands on our right away Sometimes it slips away into oblivious. What is that boy look at these guys? This is gross Keep it up. Okay, 1147 I Wild you can I find my copy right in here between the canole and the chicken nut dive in Get a pencil now so you can order a book that's crucial to all senior citizens and their families It's called how to protect your life savings from catastrophic illness and nursing homes Wow, you saved your whole life for your retirement, but it's fine That's right. What oh, I forgot to say a friend so you asked from she at bad podcasts another and pay the length Tell me to say how else to you we don't care You saved your whole life For retirement, but if a catastrophic illness like Alzheimer's or a stroke hits the cost of long-term care can bankrupt you Metacure your health insurance even the VA won't pay you might even lose your savings Maybe if it's bad enough even your house still be nothing left to pass on to your children and your favorite radio personalities This book tells you how to protect those life savings even if you thought it's too late How do avoid a lean on your house and more? 200 pages of practical advice from attorney Harley Gordon a lawyer whose specializes in protecting assets The cost is only 1895 plus shipping a small price to pay to protect your life savings or do your copy right now Call toll-free 1-800-955-2626 1-800-952626 as for extension 12 operators are sitting by News 24 hours a day Suspension 610 Wild The reporters and anchors and rebarrow and account Steventy-brown field Kevin Courtney a lane at door Robert Penghouse Jennifer Ram and Chuck Meyer The reporters the associated press the Florida radio network United press International and the mutual radio network news 24 hours a day south Florida's news traffic and weather station News talk radio 610 Wild Big day now for Saturday Are the last big days of day violence big events Jane Byron speaks sayly events now through Saturday fantastic savings 30 to 50 percent off sensational values like these 50 percent off. This is Ray on step 40 percent off all play text broad your choice men's solid colored nights of roundtable miss four Chirt or all Gulf Trader shorts 14 1990 30 percent off all girls dresses Carellie mid heel pumps just 1999 and there's more now through Saturday more fantastic savings more famous brand name 40 percent off ocean Pacific for young men and boys 40 percent off suake hot nits off swords and pants for her 50 percent off A special selection of princess Gardner for accessories for last days of jib iron's big sale event 30 to 50 percent off Malzuri Saturday K-towel Como SS who's dead. This is Martin mall for DGI Friday's polishing my language skills for Fridays Barry big Mexican BS Adele Muncho. I have for example learned useful stuff like El Tenador the fork and say Call maybe an a key the food is good here and most peru on us probably on moocho Peruvian's work hard well I'll stick to standard English for this part for a limit time You can come to participating Fridays during our very big BS Adele Muncho Then by any two Mexican dishes like our feet for chicken fajitas or sour cream chicken enchiladas and fajitas stick back at And we'll give you our moocho muncho appetizer pizza for only one dollar more a big flower tortilla covered with nine delicious toppings So two Mexican dishes equals a moocho muncho pizza for a dollar Fridays Mexican BS Adele Muncho only a TGI Fridays the American beast from in coral cables TGI Fridays is on coral way of a miracle center That's incredible. I just lost a microphone in the middle of all the food here. That's Well, yeah, I can't I can even admit that that's I can still do fat any time now to the fat you on this Yeah To the fan look at that we got three open lines right down the middle of the board probably because we're so involved in the food here That people think we don't care about their important calls and all the crafters Spuing in a butt kissing in your right we couldn't care less 751 and how about all the ladies how about the nice syrup be ladies it always call huh other than the not slanting lady and What is it the blade right a girl what is that? Yes What are you doing in there are you nuts? It went off by itself why I turn even the ABS systems excited about our anniversary show Let's go to Miami hello Hello, New yes, yeah, I'd like to call my friend no sign a major Well wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute don't you want to at least Lie a little bit and prefaced by saying hello how you guys doing happy anniversary. I mean is that all? Yeah, okay, no, no thanks for your honesty What is it Ian said that's a female Congratulations, the end what a good start wow He's pretty sharp isn't he? Sharp is a soggy mutsuball on hell and they'll be full of art so anyway, what are you done? Yes Yes, I mean we call here to doctor you now for you to talk constantly talk to us We're listening. Okay Did you finish a day? What did you finish your damn canoli no I didn't finish my damn canoli No, you lost your microphone in the canoli I lost my microphone a joy was sitting on it keeping it warm for us All right, well you keep up the good work and happy anniversary and we'll hear from you in another year Okay, later. Thanks a lot bitch Hmm It's 1153 a W. I would do we have an open line of date county. It's ringing as we speak Palm Beach has been quiet all morning And thank God we haven't stood things up up there. I'm happy you defended yourself yesterday because I was listening to it It's such when that oh those old waxy a Rick and suds Call us to some waxy first of all those people at any brains you would have been listening to us on Zeta not them as those days on wax I got those tacos like quit his sight am I right? I mean they were terminal in the morning over there. They're great over here. We love them, but they're show on waxy sucked Just ask me don't you don't believe me Papa no Yes, sir, okay first off New new listener first time call her wonderful congratulations to you and I know attention to that miserable slut that just called I have to touch on your back. This is no BS trip here I Used to not be on a stand-out I could not stand you Sorry, but I guess I judged you too hard. That's what I just get to the heart As far as they a radio personality because I you know listening to music all time I get some people get brain dead Listen to music Since the roar started I have not changed the radio station And I got for you, sir. And I just wanted these people who came around looking for a little bit of news and a little free plug with us up You know it's a work you are out. I drive over the state of Florida the worst part was I realized I was kind of hooked to the day when damage it wasn't I missed in the garage or so And I was upset I could believe it and I thought oh my god, I must be hooked to these these lunatics on WID And I just like to thank oh look at this with a Tuxino Jeff from pizza law To all dressed up, but no where to go look at this guy maniac. I would just like to thank you and Reconcert and WOD for making a bad time with the war a better time Well, thank you, sir. We can be damn proud of our troops in a government finally. We did something right We kicked some ass and the we can stand up and be proud not have to Apologize for it Well, that thing the radio station won't change because it's too much fun listen to you guys and the dials broke Thanks a lot, pal. Take care. You're a great American. That's the kind of call we like somebody who just kisses a lot of button doesn't have to Apologize for it like Jeff from pizza law Look at that Wow Had a big tray here like there was a big beautiful Ozanian and you open it up and there's a bunch of crap in it He's got bags and plates and all kinds of stuff Oppers and lowers all kinds of plates Anyways, 1155 we have an open line in Broward 524 happy anniversary 524 call and suck around a little bit and pretend you care because we know you don't Anyway boy, this is I'm my head is swimming isn't anybody getting fully yet? Yeah, you just got here But doing the hallway where you're we don't people here get excited Let's go to a North Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. How you doing? In fact by the web Kelvin you're pulling on the little weight isn't he getting fat? Yes, sir Sounds great you haven't a good shit or have it a blast sir. I try hey Get a hands-on going out there in fact that number 15 you know that 15th anniversary Yeah, it comes to mind of something I probably want more than anything I could think of that's that 15 million in a lottery this week. It isn't an amazing how things time out Hey, if you win that then you can retire that'll mean no 16. I guarantee that What it listen by the way Plaming old cart by the name of got a nose shape like a banana Oh, yeah, very good. That's an oldy but a goody Yes, sir. I got a right here or somewhere very close all right have a great life sir. You too Thank you the memories. Okay, we if we play our cards right We can um No you're getting fat and for somebody with a real hot body like he used to have it's embarrassing That's what Ian said he said he used to be beautiful Yeah Now seriously you said you said this beautiful a slippery body and No more a cellulate cellulate So if you see Calvin hanging out at the beach so to speak Call of police okay, let's see number 39 boy are we on top of it We got the ACM library out now. Why is your nose in that cheesecake? Man, he that's disgraceful Probably something they agree wine talk The fairy I write that songs about romance while I'm wearing sedan Excess I'm trying to shrimp me my songs will be I had a series of big hits That was back in 76 now. No one wants to hear they only laugh and fear They won't even lay on my elbows because my songs are queer got a nose shape like a banana My two fans both live in my channel Got a nose shape like a banana Oh my nose you can fit half on the city of Atlanta I write the song I've got a hug a size of the uncle When I get a slump of nose I need to stand in a hole but now I'm on the case My life is back in place and so I'm singing again and sticking my snazzy your face Got a nose shape like a banana My two fans both live in my channel Got a nose shape like a banana Oh my nose you can fit half on the city of Atlanta I write the song Oh my nose How are you doing? Not what he on the phone. What he had graper is here. That's incredible. What he is a great American. He's here She moves in around hoping to pick up some of the fallout People we haven't when he gets this much food that comes in people you haven't seen a month You're up just in case there might be a little spill over there. There is a lot trust me Anyway a Gilbert is we're going to have a little conference here to see if Gilbert we can arrange with the you went to allow him to stay after the noon cut off We had this deadline that was voted on by 183 nations voted to eliminate Gilbert at noon But we'll see what we can do for him Anyway the lovely a lane editor who's just desperate this I think her teeth in the summer. I'll tell you what just leave your teeth in the glass in here We'll put him around that cheesecake while you're doing the news I like to go out with you for a night you're too young for her Gilbert kind of Well, that'll be fighting for bragging rights. I guess you could call it as Miami plays FIU on Monday night I call it preemption that means that I won't be doing go over get night until after that basketball game is over So Listen to the ball game with sunny and Joe and then join go over get night as we'll take your calls up to 11 o'clock it happens every night here on news talk radio 610 W Miami cops with a hot dubie there are the streets fighting cry They pops at the handicap face there In hell and they'll find We got a problem the great game We're excited and that the group has seen your citizens one around trying to get the early bird special after seven Yeah, they're back and down let's go get them This Clean up the streets a lady you can't cross here. You'll have to cross in the line All right sister you're under arrest. Oh, so now you're arresting my wife what's the charge There's an abouder I'm gonna first time. Let's see that white stuff Yeah, just a dog just got over under bags in here over Sweet blow I'm 1207 a W I would be our but our butch news department is really doing it again man Chuck is up and down a hole with his boots. He comes marching in here and he gives me a slip One that he was wearing is a matter of fact nice pink one and it says President Bush is doing a news conference 1245 today this man is just out of control and I'm working on P. We Herman forget him Well, we'll see what happens so we have a little thing we're gonna sure that'll be good We can eat and peace and not have to be bothered by all these panony as corners Happy man just come down we don't want to get political today on the day of your daughters brother-in-law's wedding And let's just take a mobile and four-laterdale hello Yeah, just keep in mind sir every second you're speaking as a second that Gilbert is not Yes, I'm a long time listener first time caller great I started listening to you back on Zeta for I guess He did the very first show you were talking about some Cooper city high coach or sir Principal the member that show no, yeah, that was communist or something like that Thought about out not exactly well anyway moving forward swimming forward I tried some of these restaurants you're talking about pizza loss brick oven last night. Yep, fantastic Yes, sir. What about the last ever minute? What about it? Yeah, you have a bin there The very best yeah, what do you recommend there? If you like well the bets on what you like if you like viola got great wheel dishes They both might make just about any kind of an Italian dish you like there. It's just incredible okay One more thing to see food. What is it? Heritage yes, honey We're about to them in Miami all the time You know where we are We're on a 79 street causeway. They're like right there east of us if you go to this game Okay I mean they're west of us when you shut up and stop correcting me Alex if you go to biscane and 79 And you come east right there like a few blocks east of this game right on 79 street sonny's market is a big farmers market He's been there for years. You've seen him on TV with a white hair in the whole bit. Yeah, we're talking fresh characters We're talking fabulous sir the best. I'll have to try it out Uh, my friend of mine got to me interested in the long talk. Oh, they must Charlie I just want to say hi to me Okay, thank you sir. Thank you. You're great. I'm hurt happy. Okay 1209 and the list of employees that are getting fed is growing we're keeping a big list in the hallway now We're hearing a little bit of fetching out there before she'll came in with an intermediate report That the staff have been promised that they would all be fed today and some of the people were not getting fed downstairs And around the bowels of the building and starting to grumble and make rumbling sounds I said there was probably some of the indigestion from the food they ate earlier in a week, but that could be a roar But they're all getting fed now. We've got Jeff from pizza loft has gone crazy here. I'll tell them self dressed up like an idiot in a touch Cito and a tie and a hold bit and We're dishing out lasagna and Everything I mean you name it we got it pizza up the a nose No matter if I look at that Kelvin just pull it in there Little pepperoni hanging out with this disgusting There's a painful fact about Neil Rogers you should know that's a major cause of Stiffness and swelling Slow down I'm Great job you'll remember he's from the past most of us who tried it for good. I know the prices right 12 14 a WOD we have a president take coming up at 1245 and Well, you know good night What is it you want to stokey what are you gonna do with it Joey? These are very good by the way and because of their Interesting shape and slim size you might find some good use for the another very good. They are and I have a lighter Who stole my lighter Jeff? Okay, thank you don't panic anybody you know me with these lighters Well, we do have a lighter problem around here because you know what they say they don't get any lighter than Gilbert We have an open line in date 7519463. I was gonna say any lighter than Ian but he's in the middle of eating now T-shirt Bob is here. What he got Bob Beautiful Oh those are nice operation. David storm T-shirts with a flag on one side is that for me Thank you Bob you're a great American Yeah, that's right. Oh, that's by can only back there going anybody touch that baby Bring the gun let's go to a four-laterdale hello Hello Hello There's somebody under George George are you in there? Oh there is Hold on okay, let's try a candle hello Yes, sir speaking of people out of control and touch see those up noticing Certain radio personalities. Oh, yeah, wow those are There is no shame sir believe me when I tell you as elf is the one his knees are something Alice yeah with the I don't know but I hear those boots Well any chance wait a minute wait a minute look at this You know man Sir, I want to tell you something the Romans and they're wildest days Never had eating orgys like this Mike from brick oven pizza rear is here. We got we got pizza up the You know where yeah, yingyang Yeah Circing a handle it Okay, I'm not joking. I have never seen this much food and even a deyuganic bar mitzvah I have never seen this much food. I like mnemony said hello Have a great life I think he lost I think the color just went it yogurt I'm trying to conduct a radio show here and you're hopping a trinic with Mike from pizza loft from brick oven pizza I they're all blending in together at this point. I don't know who's with what? Come on Cheryl dive right into the party here. Okay, you could be the centerpiece Oh man also today's Elaine at tours one year anniversary so she and I have our anniversary on the same date And we're gonna take a little office pool to see who reaches the next one just a joke Elaine. It's just a little joke Oh, there's old suds is in there now with his dark shades and his Peter aren't at her cut at a boy So it's your doing it all the way and as far as those old waxy morning listeners you're Give me the old Italian salute for me pal Man, that's you've been an omen So anyway Mike you brought about 400 pies from brick oven pizza rhea and Any postos and a partridge in a pear tree and David Cassidy and drag oh joy wants a light there you go pal Don't say I never gave you anything Let's go to Fort Lauderdale hello. Hi, how are you doing? Fine, I'm from hitting Minnesota. Well, and listen everybody's got a cross to bear Yeah, but you know what every time I come down here my boyfriend and sister that I listen to your show So I'm starting to get to like you're another one You put a lot and he exerted a lot of pressure for you. You kind of put the muscle on it. Listen to the show Uh-huh, you know who else is from the Minnesota. Yes, I have no idea Kevin Macayo from the bus to Celtic Oh Man, you mean Dracula and drag have you ever seen him and ball the ghosty together? It's with joy. It's lit. God. All the guys lighting is lips now. All the guys look like that up there What is it? I said all the guys look like that up there. Well thank God some of us don't live there That's why I have a boyfriend here. Yeah, I don't blame him Well congratulations Ian just got picked up the scent from your call Well you have a good one and you too. Thank you. Yeah. I wish I did It's 12 18 at W. Y. O. D. We have two open lines in Broward five two four now listen George Let's kind of play in the South strategically just like the war. Let's take our break a little early So that stick in news department doesn't muscle in on us and we lose all the spots Okay It's 12 18 and we'll be right back 21 past noon at W. O. D. Everybody expect to write now because Norman Elliott Kent is here The new star of morning radio in the limited areas of Fort Lauderdale. He's got my Christmas gift Well, let me take a look at it. Oh God It is a one of those real Why like a panoramic picture Opening night the first night game at Wrigley field Is this this is this the one that got rained out of the one that we played? Norm is this one that we actually oh? Because the first game against the fillings guy right now, but anyway, it's August 8th 88 and it's a Wrigley field full color and The whole panoramic view. It's like a cinnamon scope wide screen Thing picture if no actual photograph Beautiful boy now how am I gonna get that home? It's fitting my car. It's fitting in the deck. Oh, yeah. Well, I hope so A little big great joy can help me carry that down into a clockable stick him in the trunk Great Norm. Thank you so much. That really is beautiful In fact it'll go right by my Ryan Sandberg picture. It's on a wall right now unless he doesn't sign Anyway, let's uh what are we gonna look can we get that Somewhere I tell you what fact what we need to do is have somebody go out to my car right now and put that in there and a car too and a picture Right joy we can trust joy with my vet just don't start the engine idiot Okay 1222 at W. I didn't thank you Norm that is magnificent all the way do think it has a couple of things missing is that what you're looking for? a couple little little little brackets How do you want very carefully? No, you pop open the back and you slide it like uh in and over the front seat not my seat the passenger seat unless there was gonna be a passenger in on my way home We'll figure that out later joy 1223 a W. I O. Do let's go to hell and deal. Oh Fantastic you will you this is better than the ringley brothers, Barnum and douchebag circus Like it you need to call the hell down right over here man. I'm working at The winter's condominium and the tips we can get worse and worse over here I mean I don't understand how they think we're supposed to make a living yeah I bet you're safe I bet you're safe the knife gets bigger tips than you guys How do you tip when you go? I'm sure you're pretty good tip. Yes sir. I certainly am my early Large tips everywhere I go accepted popular where they don't allow me to tip and as a result Everybody thinks I'm a cheap skate Yeah, I think I'm cheap cuz Alan what let me leave a tip but believe that even off at the windows to make up for it So are you been great? Everything's good everything's great so far. I'm glad to hear it. How's your life sir? All right, I'm gonna scale on a scale a one. Yeah. I don't know if you remember who I am I'm the doctor Madonna panties. He used to call all right. Yeah You gotta wear the Madonna panties right I used to wear him sniffing me to me. Yeah, great well anyways Let's try stir fries not bad Yeah, yeah, there he drives vegetables Yes, sir. You get to come throw out of there. It's already got its own grease in a different Have a great life sir. I just want to call Tony and Don and major these bags good job Wow Heavy duty in Allenville. We have an open line in Broward. Let's take another break Well listen, we're gonna get it all in in spite of our arrogant news department and news director Man, I just can't we and by the way I haven't paid any attention or we still plan to boots at the top of the arc I had a report. I don't want to mention Harry told me that as of this morning we were getting dumping the boots and what was in them And they made it come back because we couldn't find the old news intro so ladies and gentlemen Without further ado God almighty as long as there's anything going on in the world will still go to be huckin a China with those boots Thank you norm that was fantastic Incredible, well, as you would you earned it? Yes, I did That's right, and I gave you the inspiration to be a superstar in radio Absolutely you and if you ever encourage me and if you ever get on a real station got only knows what could happen No, I'm saying like I made it to the big time I'm getting to hang up on Gilbert on a daily good great No, I'm saying I want to let Steve Kade from me okay, and by the way he also mentioned we don't mention that name on this air Sir even I was especially on the day of my daughter's brist we don't mention those things I called up Randy at seven o'clock. I woke her up this morning For what told him to meet me down here. She's here She sure isn't showing her ugly head and the hair Now, what are these rumors you try to start about you and Randy is that a new rumor try to change your image Trying to you know fake him unlikely Hey, we have an open line on the storyline if you have built up a ability like to call up and shoot out norm can star iod Star iod there he goes big hot shot attorney as beepers going off already probably time to be before he came in here How did that thing fit is he working on it out there Or is he not coming back in what happened a little joy with the keys to my vet always testing it out? Make sure it doesn't fall out here's Randy Martin looking really ragging today Probably that earning more early morning phone call that woke her up again Now there's nothing but I hate more like those two calls I heard yesterday ripping me on rick and suds I thought we had one big happy family at this radio station ladies and gentlemen Occasionally though we do make an exception. Oh no Not me and be my leg 20 seconds Okay, let's go to a Fort Lauderdale hello Neil yes sir. Oh a great American. Yes, and I want to fuck up right away and before before you ask for whatever you're looking for Before you land and him can come on yeah Can you put on the love brothers? Obviously Natalie oh, but you know how long that thing is that would kill like almost the whole time We've got between Oh, I'm not taping I've been taping a whole shit right Bob What I've been taping a whole show since 10 o'clock. It's in the machine right now go go for it Do we do it or what come on? Are you grateful it's in there right now? All right, you're interested in the buy Hey Tom We're the love brothers One area we've never pursued is auto racing. Oh sure we don't know a lot about racing I mean we thought you said what's what you yelled at the game who fingered you in a police lineup You know we're ready to give it a try though in fact we're both wearing checkered flag briefs Yeah, when it comes to love Sally and I always finish first One Anyway Kossponsering a team initiate 500 one with a major corporate sponsor Exactly, so when you're at the track look for Nick and Sunny's team Vaseline Oh sure team Valveline is better known but far money Vaseline is the better lubricant in fact For out of five proctologists actually prefer it We've already petitioned the speedway to rename the garage area vastly now. So true, Sunny. Anyway, the fine folks at Vaseline are also providing us with the hospitality tent. Thanks to Vaseline, we can fit twice as many people as most sponsors. And if you stop fire hospitality tent, you'll meet our hostess Clarice. She'll greet you at the door. And take your hat and jacket off. No dipping requires. What a prardy man. Anyway, I feel our team will be very competitive. We've hired an entire pit crew's women. First, we refer to them crack McKenna. They're great, Sunny. Although I think they misunderstood our suggestion regarding our love van last night. Because when we got there, they ejected it up in the van. You know, guys, it was tough choosing a driver. You know, we wanted Linda Vaughn, but she didn't pass the use-ack inspection. Yeah, it seems our side pods were too large. Anyway, we did hire a lovely gal. Maria's at on top of us. She's great. So we made her a backup driver. Yeah, cars go sponsored by KYG and her she's kisses. You know, our number one driver, however. It's none other than the lovely bus de bail. You might remember last year, she drove the Fredericks of Hollywood special. The car's nose was covered by a peek of a bra. You know, everybody says she's too inexperienced, but they can I, firstly, watch your two very hot laps. Yeah, ours. Anyway, when bus de wins, we've asked the speed by to have two bottles of milk ready. We don't want her to lose her balance and smother Paul Pays. You know, Bob, we feel bus de will have the best car in the field. It took us all weekend to set her up, but we can now safely say her chassis feels great. Anyway, we're now using good years newest design, the ripped radios. They're ripped for bus de safety and the joint. Yeah, and they come at the estacolars, but we asked for the standard black. We found the always local little bigger. Why can we bring you such high quality racing one reason? Because we're the greatest spectacles in racing. We're the love brothers. Okay, thanks a lot Gilbert for shutting up. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hi, Rick, or Neil. Rick, yeah. Hi, Mike. Rick, I'm all the troops in Saudi Arabia. I just like to ask you and all your listeners for help. They get to homeless people warm clothes and blankets at the community house. Right. You know, because it's weekend, it's supposed to get really cold. Yes, ma'am. Okay, so thank you. How many of that? Okay. Thank you very much. Thanks. We mentioned that yesterday, I'm glad you reminded me to mention again today. They are running really short on blankets and warm clothing at Kamala's house. So if you get a chance to get down there this afternoon or tomorrow morning. And bring a bunch of stuff. You probably have all kinds of old woolen and undies and whatever. Laying around and getting down there because it's going to be really frigid this weekend. There's an open line in date County 751-9463 North Lauderdale. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, sir. Love you, sir. Okay. Listen along with the Lisa, I'm dropping over North Broward. I'd like to verbally warn everyone that the run-and-clock we're going to pass gas here in open parking. We want all the no-one to it. You know, no-one to it. We're going to leave here. Okay. Bye. Thank you. Okay. Governor-Subs Accordingly of Had Your Warning, 1242 at WIOD. We have an open line on the Oakland Parkline, 524, hysteria, 524, it's a gas. Del Rey Beach. Hey. Yeah. What's the Chuck Myers real title? Ojo Prvoca, too. I knew it. Is he cheap AP? Is he the same guy that when they discovered a suspect on the game's Hill Slinges in the jail somewhere, that he broke the news on the air with that. Any Ronan's leave reported that he had been arrested and charged. Sir, are you going to mess me up with Chuck Myers again? I just got through spending ten minutes in here with a herniating experience trying to mend my fences. He's a great guy. It's just like most people in the news business occasionally is full of crap. Well, on top of that, he made promo for the next two weeks with the same report. That's okay. Don't confuse us with the facts here. We're just interested in being first, whether it's accurate or not is not important. Well, if George Bush got ten minutes, Chuck should get ten minutes. You bet. All right. James, a douche bag. Okay. 1243. Don't start up with Chuck Myers again. Okay. He's one of the best people we've gotten to building. I have no idea why he's working in a crappy market like this. He ought to be up there with a networks for crying out loud, but let's face it. He's fat. If an open line in Palm Beach, 655 9463 655 Wiod, do we have to do something nice for Chuck? Okay. Do he leave? He's got a way out. Probably on the way home right now because he is so intense. He's very nervous about those very bonds negotiations. We have to do something nice. There's a drive. Point back. And my team. Head of. Top squared. Top squared. Top squared. Yeah. And what's going to happen when he wants Chuck on a say when he finds out that Barry bonds really did go to the Cubs for three miniscule players like Steve Wilson and Hecter Villain-Aueva and some other douche. Oh, let's go. Yeah. That's what it'll say. Okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. I really say holy couch ship. Probably that's what it'll be. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? I'm doing fine. Well, while back he mentioned the whole Sake and Sake goes. Let it lead his episode on a never ending soap opera. Yes, sir. I mean, it is just here has been that here in Miami, they tend to name Streets after bozos like insect. And are we going to continue embarrassing ourselves. My honoring such people like him depend on it. And I was told that Chuck Myers was the one that recommended the Hosec and Sake of Streets name. That's right. So we should not continue this doing this thing here in Miami. You know what they say, birds of a feather speed together. Mm-hmm. Let's get a boat. There you go. That's right. I hope you have a good day and let's go keep supporting our troops. Okay. And go cubs. Bye bye. 244 at WIOT. I don't know what these people are talking about. At least we got them off that other stuff anyway. We have an open line under what stuff they are. I'm a boy. I'd sure like to find some. For 751, WIOT and date 751 Chuck Myers got. Don't forget weekend magazine, which Chuck Myers tomorrow morning. Who's the have it on Daniel Ellsburg? No, it's just a joke. Don't get us to her. Because having you know who we need now. I was thinking about this in the shower this morning. Which goes to show you how my mind is melting. We need Jack Ruby. Send his. See instead of sending Peter our net over there. To do the interview with Saddam. Can you imagine Jack Ruby could have gone in there. He got a probably wrote a couple of strippers along because that's a business he was in. Hey, look at this. Saddam. And then when he leased expected it. Look at that. We need Jack Ruby back. 1245, here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. How you doing? Okay. I've been listening to your fine admiration of Peter and that. And I was just wondering, this is a good speculation like everybody else. But all those pictures in CNN or on CNN of the woman pointer finger. Yeah. Didn't do a real good makeup job on Peter. Yeah. No, seriously. Do you know that I don't know if it was that one or was another report. But there was a what they I think it was that one. And they finally admitted after five days of showing it that the woman was in a rakey agent. No, I'm not joking. I'm serious. I don't think it was that one. It was another one that they showed over and over and over again. And then they finally had to admit with their tail between their toes that it was in a rakey agent. And she was just full of cram. I just thought the baby Peter and that was working with double job. But he painted the signs first. There was an English. And then he was the one that they made up to look like the woman. Yeah. He money is an old sign. Peter. Anyway, did you notice yesterday they gave him the grand tour of the hour sheet hotel. And one of the other reporters said that in the basement they saw all this radio equipment. And all these phone lines and all this other stuff. And he didn't know what it was for. Peter, our net for some mysterious reason never saw any of that. Or at least so he told us. So they must be holding that thing a lot closer to his head than they are to the other guys. Have a great day. Have a good day. Okay. 1247 at W.Y. Either that or they got that big poster of rick sanch has crouching over. That'll do it every time. That would secure to how out of me. Hold it, Rick. We have an open line in Palm Beach. 655 pedestrian. 655 W.Y.O.D. and we'll be right back. And this is the Neil Rogers one that tow our work. You got a problem with that snap ahead. Oh. Hi everybody. This is Safety Office of Mike Tyson. Heavyweight Champion of the World. You baddest dude around. The baddest driver around too. With your driving tip of the day. A few months ago I was in a caveman with my ex wife Robin given. I can't believe it. Maybe you read about it in the papers. Anyway, she buys me one of these cute little golf field cats with suction cup feet. We'll taste stuck on the window in my car when we left the store. On the way home, I drove into a tree. I can't believe it. Maybe you read about it in the papers. I could see the tree because the damn cat was in my way. Robin said I was stupid to stick Garfield on the windshield. I mean, that's really bitchy to me. I mean, call the heavyweight champion the world stupid. Now that's stupid. So I fake Robin, I left it. I took her out with a clean right hand knocked the right down completely. First, a standing-a count. I can't believe it. Maybe you read about that in the papers. Anyway, my attitude to a Garfield cat has really been affected greatly. I mean, in fact, if I see you driving around with Garfield the cat in your car, I may lose complete control. I don't know what will happen. Maybe you'll read about that in the papers too. Okay, it's a 107 at WIOD. I noticed the George is playing fast and loose with our carpod here during those long, long, over the... See, there is no... What was that? How come the sound is on them, TV? Who dialed it that? Fat rich turned the sound up on a goddamn TV? This place is out of control here, man. What was I starting to say about that slime ball alienator before I got interrupted there? About that pot, closing a pot. There would be no problem going on if the news ended when it was supposed to. It was five after the hour. Okay, honey. Happy anniversary, Elaine. Now we're ready. Don't be a yin, okay. What are we doing? It's 108. I got a great call, unfortunately, during the break from Dick Perton. And Rick O'Riley said it all up he tells me. Call them up there and also a listener from plantation called him and urged him to call me on my 50th anniversary. He calls me in 1246. And of course, it would have been great to have him on the air because he tickled over me for ten minutes. I had to put my hip boots on. He was calling from Detroit. The only problem is was right in the middle of El Presidente that we had to interrupt the show again for another press conference because the news department is out of stick and control man. God, maybe the Chuck Murray looks like hair-mongering goose stepping up and down. Give him a goose, okay, straighten his ass out. God, we're sick of it already. Well, yeah, the war's over guys. Also, I want to end so anyway, Dick Perton was really kind of calling. It was just so complimentary. It was, oh, I told him is disgusting. James and Alex McGee, I have no idea who they are, but they have sent from a designer flower outlet a beautiful thing with roses and balloons. Man, we got enough balloons in here. We could have like our own dizzy world. Look at that. God, all mighty. Kelvin better hang on tight to some of these balloons so we don't fly away over the weekend. Look at that. All right, it's so 109, let's take a call or two. We're getting most of the calls lit up again after we lost them for some strange reason to 1245. I do not want to say because Rick was nice enough to set that thing up with Dick Perton that the Dick Perton CD had disappeared from my collection on there. We had a scour of the building and found it in Mr. Riley's box. So, you just got this thing like clipped a clipped hominiac. Yeah, well, that's good. And of course, you could have just looked at it down in there and stuck it back up along, but of course, Rick likes to stick it wherever he can. It's a nine minutes after one. Isn't this thing, you have never seen the amount of food that came in here this morning. It was, it was grotesque. It really was. In fact, there's still, is that stuff in there? What's in there? Oh, look at that. Baked CD. And pies and lasagna and look at that. Hey, if there are people in the building who haven't eaten yet, I'm telling you, there's some heavy duty good stuff that's like virgin and clean and the garlic slices there and sandwiches. All you got to do is pop him into microwave. What? Well, thank you so much, Rick. I knew as soon as you ran that press conference, you was going to call. I knew it. He did like a minute into it. And I said, but we're not on the air. We just put that press conference on. He, I'm telling you, he just obsessed. And anyway, I told him next time he come and he was just a Naples last week and he was listening. The next time he comes down, I'm making him pledge to come over here for one day. He's a great guy. He's terrific. He heard that whole Alex Bennett soccer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He was listening around the time. I had the stroke and he's just very concerned about my health. He's just a water antie. Also, he owns a big piece of that station up there. So it's a good thing to brown those around with him a lot. Because the weather sucks, but boy, they make the big bucks. I'm telling you, Detroit is like a big time. Major market. Exactly. A Q95 Detroit Dick Pertney. The best. Thank you Rick in the get-a-life. Okay, it's a 10-past one. And by the way, love your old waxy list. There's man up there. Okay. Yes. Screw them. They're taste is in their tosses. Anyway, we'll take a call or two here. We got Pahoki online. Yes sir. The university's number of baller charisers. Thank you so much. All right. How you doing today? Why are you doing okay, buddy? I like to do it. You're just already the hybrid we've been eating and eating and eating. And eating and eating and eating and eating. And eating and eating and eating. Now it's starting to see if it's way out. Well, I'm a sucker for you because I have to request all of you. Oh boy. All right. I reckon boy week will be half over one trade. Is there some connection between that sir? The way you said him, they kind of like one slit into the other. So to speak. Well, I got him here sir. And I'll tell you what. What? Can you play him about five minutes? We'll do it. And about five minutes. All right. Now to the two. Wait a minute. You got to wait five minutes. Give me time to run my truck. So I get my truck trying to record and he's up and record your car. So I'll be okay. Well, when you get in there, just give us like a big high sign. All right. All right. Turn your face back. Okay. All right. Wow. Pressure now is building. What do you want to hear? A rocky and bull winkle. No, not in young meal. Okay. I got your young meal right over here. All right. We got the first one and the other was a douchebags on parade. Okay. Listen. I've never been to a harness race before. This is a great weekend to get out there to pop in a park. Tonight Christmas list, the adopted horse of the 60 WOD pop in a harness fan racing stable. Could go over the $15,000 market stable earnings with a win in the ninth race. That a marnight one lucky patron when 10 grand in cash just by being there and entering the pop in a harness super cash giveaway. And if you're really nice Kelly Shepherd will mark your program. And they'll have to take you to Camilla sauce for dinner tomorrow. Anyway, don't forget if you remember of our promotion, you can use your clubhouse pass for free admission. Both nights tonight and again tomorrow nights. Among standing races already have the program for tonight Dominic Pavia's Mark Aldo Losers as brothers drive them. And except for Christmas list to will win again tonight. Trust me. It's going to be great. So be sure whatever you do to come on out tonight for the great races. Christmas list in the ninth and tomorrow night with a $10,000 super cash giveaway. At pop at a harness. Exciting racing. In fact, even if you just come to watch your rich and meat burned tickets between races. That's a lot of fun. There's no extra charge for that free parking. The 630 and racing nightly every night except Sunday, post time 730 at Pop and O Park will see you tonight for sure. Hey, we don't have time to worry about the crap in there. Okay. Rose is here and Gilbert is attacking every female and Laura's stay out of there. He's in heat now. He's sugar level 1 up to 600. And he starts his hormones are out of balance. Now even though he gave a big kiss to Ian there, it was incredible. The first one was pretty good. The second one. Okay. Just kind of down. All right. It's 116. What do you got there? Rose, we got a bunch of balloons. We got enough hot air and gas in the studio. Rick Sanchez runs for his money. Saturday morning, joint. Pulled with gold jamos and his bully body. Tom Hussein. Oh, but a pack cap. Miss adventures are very rocky and bowling. Easy, easy, easy, easy. Fue United nations about to speak. Okay. Give me that crystal ball. Hmm. Second he got up in the wrong side of the bunker. Perhaps a poem will help. To them, sedemes your one-wack doubt dude. And just like your oil, your smelly and groom. Ah, and most did you say your square of friend? Oh, you mean rocky? Sure. He's over there. It over there. It over there. Oh, my rocky. What do you know about this? So damn. Don't ask me. Ask my anti-anti-anti-hu. Anti-acraft. Oh, go. Join us next time for oils. Well, that ends well. Or kiss your guest. Good morning. Hey, moose. What's weather for the castle today? Bow me. Oh. Here, Rocky and Bowling. Saturday morning on New Galoia. Oh, celebration. And they're all out on the street. See them on the sidewalk. Oh, here, let me shut the heat. That's 20,000 assholes doing asshole from the naked. That's what's so good as people. That's the asshole from the naked. Oh, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my. Oh, we got the assholes from freedom. That's all from mine. That's all for Jesus. That's all for guns. That's all for justice. That's all for crime. That's all for assholes. That's all for all time. I mean my man freaking from the night. Fuck the green red red green blue blue. You got assholes making money for making all the rules. Take and all hearts, you hard. If feeling am I a scool. That's all you don't know what her laughs towards the sky. You decide to sit down and dance, and all the assholes need to fly. Oh, teach you all, you tell me, and I really made the race. And my head, my class, or am I just another half so long and brave? Oh, teach you all, you tell me, and I really made the race. Oh, teach you all, you tell me, and I really made the race. As old as the kids in order, and as old as the road, as old as the kid elected, as as old as kids in the world. I once heard it said, that all that soul never died, they just made it bad and it broke by. As old as the morning, as old as the night, as old as the land they have sold to the race. As 20,000 as old as the old family, it's got the side good and people in as those on the race. Yeah, that's quite different. All right, Rose is really depressed. She came in the neighborhood for the first time in recent years. Get a life. 20 after one at W.I.O.D. we are fulfilling all requests today on the day of Elaine Edtore's bris. We have an open line in date County, 751 while they're working on her nose, something like that. And we have an open line in the star line star I.O.D. We might take a couple more calls before the end of the race. 20 is stickier thing in a vice, okay? And a tight and a real tight. And then you pull your head out of their real quick and see what happens. That's a good way to get a cheap nose job. Anyway, it's 21 at W.I.O.D. and we'll be right back. It's for you. W.I.D. and our cleaner 13. Good morning, Dick. Bad boy Bush here. Good morning, Mr. President. How did you meet with the pistons go yesterday at the White House? You know, I thought you might ask me about that, so I have it on tape. That's great. I understand you made a few jokes about the team. Well, those were just a few witty remarks I had left. Oh, you might be able to hear some of my staff people faintly snickering in the background. Well, great. Well, listen for that. And let's hear the tape. Alright, I started. They say basketball is like ballet. Have you seen Bill Lambere and Rick Mahorne under the boards? Yeah, I would not like and swan lake to their bump and run basketball. And here the chuckles in the background. Yeah, I did hear just just barely, but I did hear some laughter from along your staff. You know, then I told them to want about Bill Lambere doing a campaign speech for me saying he would meet me in the White House when I was president. And he was member of the NBA, Jack. Yeah, I do remember that at the time, you know. Here's the joke on tape, Dick. Okay. I'm sure you will be here, Bill. I'm just not sure about me. Whoo! Pretty mad. That was a good one, sir. I heard your staff in the background get a little bit. That's right. You know, I also did a couple of Chuck Daley jokes. Do you want to hear him? Sure thing, sir. Go ahead, start the tape. I'm glad the Pestons won the finals in the four games sweep. Just imagine Chuck Daley's drag cleaning bill over a seven game series. Well, your staff sure appreciate your sense of humor, sir. And you know the nice thing, Dick, and I think you can hear it gets sincere laughter. It is, sincere laughter. And sincerity has been the key to this administration. And now I was supposed to be serious. Well, thanks for calling President Bush. My pleasure, Dick, and I'm sure the lions will be here after they win the Super Bowl. Good bison. You know, you know, one thing I must tell you that I have been, uh, I'm not envying the teachers in summer school. Uh, we're teaching now the classes because you know what? Mainly a lot of the kids, a most of the kids don't want to be there. I'm not a big deal Mr. President, I'm going to summer school in India. You want to Indian summer school. Ouch, that is where I learned to. It's a good thing back with that. That's very interesting. This is where I learned English so well. Well, you, you do speak English well. You have an accent. I know all of being the stuff real well. You do, you speak very good English. Do you have any problems with any particular areas of English? No, I'm not really. I know all that synonyms and all that stuff. Did you know Antonyms? You know synonyms, which are similar words, how about Antonyms, which are like opposite words? What do you mean? Well, like what would you, if I said, over? Oh, I would, I see under. That's right. It's always the opposite. So over is under. If I said easy, would say right in, out? Right, up, yours. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. That is a homie. That is a homie. I, I, I, I, what do you want? Okay, no. No celebration would have been complete without that. We've got enough balloon. Here we want to thank the balloons, brothers, and Dwayne Black, 64 South Federal Highway in Boca, and they just, what is that? A back screen. So a new flash for a boy Gary, we don't listen to the station for news. Yeah, well, they don't understand that. They do not understand that. They're just not oriented to the personalities and they see all the balloons and all the, they're just great. I guess these all the balloons in the, a horseshoe and the flowers and all the foodis for the news department, right? Exactly. Not that they don't do a wonderful job when they're on time. Then I agree to all which is the right time, except when a lane is on. I'm sorry, I call the time to speak to a lane, and I don't, it's there, my headels. Great. So, have a good day. Happy anniversary. Thank you, sir. And take care. And thanks for a talk. Getting dick for us. No problem. One 41. I, W, I, O, D, We have an open line of date. five one nine four six three here's a call from now wait a minute a Kelvin and Jim wanted to say something about the life cards but they don't have a grab that mic there what do you want to do you want to say it they're working on it together and he ends pretty jealous thank you what he is great seeing you get a haircut will you please people are starting to talk the war is over get a haircut anyway Alex has been dying to hear this oh he must be jealous he's jealous and I guess you know what they did today though they said anybody hearing Miami who's old money by a Larry King turn your headlight son I'll play you want to look like the full damn town was going to a funeral all right yeah he's I feel so familiar oh yeah you know you know the whole story is he said you know he doesn't make a lot of money and he's been there that market a long time and he really would rather probably you'd rather write on this horses so he's kind of said but he's been jealous the long time I haven't seen him and what is his 1990 the last time I saw him was in nineteen seventy seven I saw him at the race track in 1977 and then he called me the day then he admitted he was a homosexual on the air he called me to thank me because I had had Sergeant McLevick on the air the night before and he had heard Sergeant McLevick was since past on with AIDS encouraged people who were homosexuals to come out of the closet and Neil had heard the show and came out of the closet the next day on his own radio show and they told me to thank me for having McLevick on that's the last time I've ever seen him or spoken to him and I've heard some people like yourself saying he does this but I feel very sorry for people who are kind of caught in that local web of jealousy I kind of said and I heard he weighed like four hundred pounds but I haven't seen him you know the last time I saw him I'd say weighed 350 yeah I heard you're nose weight about four fifty Larry and the rest of you about a half a pound anyway it's one forty three of W. I'd he's a big fan of mine if I were going to take a poll if who's a bigger fan him or Dick pertinent or the hurricanes let's go to pop at a beach Neil Michael Michael Finkelson hey don yes sir we're doing great we were doing fairly well until about the last race like that when Kelly Shepherd came running back out of the elevator with a brainstorm about Luke pardon me for my horses are cripple lawyer something deep oh boy that up in the year they're either jumping in the air or falling down usually his horses and Kelly Shepherd is just he owes us now I'll tell you Mike I had a one four four one all just killing us while Kevin did his best and here came that slime ball with the eight horse well why you have Gilbert there I have my bring them to track tonight we're looking forward to have it a real good time tonight and that's why Gilbert is not coming with us yeah we're leaving uh just missed out on quarter we're leaving Gilbert and what's the other are friend from the bizarre what's his name uh miss Mitchell now Mitchell we're leaving Mitchell in Gilbert they're gonna have a little party at home okay what about Mr. Jane Miss Annie then all the mysteries mister z g and j on Kevin says are you there you're okay by the long shot to the track yes sir no more ABC well you understand it was poor I'm that's why Troy Levy had a win that race last night we had the four other one nine or whatever it is or two nine and here comes the six out of the sky Troy Levy winning I think they fed that horse extra homintosh and yesterday and that's what did it for him that's it well listen I guess that's Donald branded on the line looking for a few pointers so you better catch him okay see you like see you tonight Mike right one forty four you know aren't you guys a little bit old to be playing footsie under the table or Ian and Kelvin they're at it again can't you control yourselves to least to a clock or you're that emotionally uh whipped up from the frenzy in here look at them just red is a beat that Kelvin is red is a beat and it's face too oh no you know what told me to say hello to you so that's too hard that keeper are the key I'm not the same thing I'm a little bit what's that okay let's go to uh bokeh hello thank you sir what's big up speak up play the Greek guy the Greek guy from Betty of what up monkey oh language land will do sir but bonus these language pop well that's a short one and where the hell like Alex if you just would just try to restrain yourself now look at that how long did that take Gilbert huh are you are you impressed and yeah wow when you can impress Gilbert you're doing it and now language lab the show that teaches you a four language in less than sixty seconds today's lesson Greek listen one strawberry pie strawberry pie listen to apple pie apple pie listen three pumpkin pie pumpkin pie customer what kind of pie do you have answer apple pie still I'm Betty and pumpkin language lab is a public service I mean I'll be copied or if I freeze it thank you outstanding we have a sequel to that we have a Iraqi language tape which is going to become an update to this and the desert with the surrendering troops and that's about basically all I had to say it's one forty six now I can't believe that he in a satin that chair the entire time and made rose stand up you're one of those guys who would stay a sit down on a bus or the subway while some nice lady was standing and just say james nice enough to let rose sit down boy you are really well that's true I in fact I was thinking when Ian got up there would be a guy getting up to little lady sit down then I forgot I was dealing with okay it's one forty seven I'm sorry yeah Gilbert I'm about to do the four lottery nails pop shop have you ever been there yeah let's don't forget my spot have you you know the company heads okay have you ever been at the four lottery all swapsha no way was it while we're doing a remote there in April by the way you're invited you can be on the stage we're gonna do the thing in lieu of the circus that day so you can be like the bear that rides the motorcycle all right when that'd be great yeah yeah and we'll be offering free eggs in the stale tomatoes everybody in a crowd the four lottery all swapsha up on sunrise between ninety five in the turnpike it is like just more fun than is legal to have in a barricade they're all a monkeys that's exactly right have a daily circus free charge two shows Monday through Friday four shows every Saturday and Sunday they have fantastic shops inside and outside with just unindable on ending merchandise new and used every kind of the sun and on the weekends they generally have some phenomenal name entertainment absolutely free for example tomorrow and Sunday the Charlie Daniels band that's a man fantastic yeah Gilbert says that's a maven uh Saturday one and six p.m. and two hour shows on Sunday a two and five p.m. this weekend absolutely free Charlie Daniels band catch him and catch jannins of great bargains and lots of fun at the four lottery all swapshop on sunrise between i-95 and the turnpike there you go in it everywhere they can one fifty one and w-i-o-d-o the life cards they've been working out a little solution here for the life cards and uh we'll be to the point no seriously they wanted to play something that would fit with the life cards so to speak and this is the only thing we could come up with about hello what is warm huh i'll say you come you're awesome by me and you've been here before no first time which name freeway freeway that night once they get pleased to meet you they get right here you know you uh here to get some clean and what oh i don't know you work around here i'm a waiter but actually i'm an actor you know yeah you know what's the top and you probably need to relax oh i'll say but you know with everything it's a news and all it's a hey you can start relaxing right now freeway i uh brought something blue uh sheep and b-way not just any sheep either look wow gold woman hey pretty big condom but here's the most important part freeway can be protect label protect uh i'm so sorry by the city council of San Francisco absolutely you know the projects slogan dotio i sure do certified safe by the city by the bay well what do you say darn look at that i trust it so big yeah i can bet your life he will and with confidence because freeway and speak it have condoms don't let worry spoiled those chance meetings and public showers always carry protect we as can be we are oh the e-t-e-b-n-g-a-s-no apology don't doubt know what it's all about the protect sheet so they won't send you a re- protect condoms division of black black housing garden that's the gold division keeping situation safe since 1887 look at that cake from the staff of w-i-o-d happy anniversary will thank you so much look at that that must be about 4,000 pounds anyway it's most lifeguards would say we're glad we came up with a solution for your problem over there in the beach that is just magnificent why don't we can we uh anybody wants some of that cut it up see they want me to have it because they're trying to pull me into a diabetic home and i can't have anymore i had my can only but take a little piece and a cake too i'd rather that all right now i'm not kind of and then we'll take it down stairs and all the other people can pick out while i'm out here they don't want me to know about it sure what she wants to corners yeah we got a corner right over here the doorclady yes it's me i can't believe it where the hell have you been oh i'm busy yeah okay i was you then just terrific but it's like good born again everything has been just so great it's a rebirth yeah yeah happy anniversary well thank you this is been the biggest and the best i mean today i just if you the balloons and the flowers and the bulbs and a stand of food wow the food has been i'll be through for you huh yeah wow all it takes is 15 so in another 15 years it's really got to be something i'll bet yeah well i've had a lot of promises in fact joys and other 15 years it's got something really special oh 30th anniversary yeah right what i'm an olden feeble and he's old nugling 25 you get a clock don't you a one a clock oh yeah yeah good clock well i wanted to call and say you're a two-hands on well it's great hearing from you and the two-bed are you other e-nissian here i was looking for the tape and i can't find it oh that's not the other end now this he and his uh he's close but not a match and the board always goes back as close to something i'm not sure what close to gone close to human is what his friends say oh i'll find that thing i got in here somewhere but i just can't put my finger on it well us and have a great weekend it's been uplifting this was a highlight have a great year thanks a lot i'll tell you when it's 30 okay bye she'll call me when it's dirty what does she mean by that oh and look at that just as i say goodbye look what card pops right out of the rack you're a good oh man that's her huh no sorry sandy sandy hasn't called today or bobby to wish me happy anniversary that is pretty stink at amazing or rick or Robert Roberts history is that you m don't forget i'm persona and i'd rather or speak of that speaking of his mom what ever happened we never thank the lady who brought all that uh those giant breads that Ian was doing an amazing number i can i have that no that's is that who it is what was your name what was your name again is anybody remember i soon if you get no not rose now her name that's right it's another rose rose cats that's right from Joseph's pastry shop on garyan and french baking pioneer of french bread and epi one oh 98 normary drive on Miami Beach and they brought over a huge bag with all these friends long ago no salt no sugar breads oh look at that why he insides they're lighting up like a pinball machine when he saw that baby pop out of there look at that god almighty that's from that new place on normary drive the john home's bakery look at that okay it's a 157 and let's take your call from sunrise yeah finally i don't yes sir this is it your moment in the sunshine all right i wanted to wish it happy anniversary Neil thank you so much doing a great job yep and i want to say all the guys the first class you guys a bunch of douchebag okay nice not i'll say vicki i love you guys work pal all right sure Cheryl is digging off a corner the size of the corner of Monteliet and rush more look at that got her fingers done and her nails so boy after you only work on that head okay my amy yes sir Mary and I am right what Mary Ryan myself yes you want to wish you a happy anniversary thank you and to tell everybody that nobody nobody in his whole world makes Montel take like millie right right baby you better she's the best book this side of my teleview yes sir the best thank you thank you sorry i was lurking 158 at wio d sharele is a dad did we do it number today or what two gigantic cakes what's that you see the big balloons and the beautiful roses and all kinds of stuff and balloons and we want to thank everybody we got to thank Carol from Montevernetta with those beautiful cheese cakes and that delicious chicken and everything else we think brick oven pizza ria Jeff from pizza loft with his tuxedo it just went crazy today we're in Arnold of course and rose cats and Mickey cats and all the other cats and a galbert of course for being relatively unfairly good behavior day i would say and if you continue the story on Wednesday and keep a lot on it we might invite you back someday unlikely but it's a possibility and of course Ian and Kelvin and Jim who came in here and did embarrassing things on the floor is they're getting ready to go on protect the public on the beach Alex Jr who is continuing as we speak to be oblivious and just continuing to shovel shovel stuff down his face i have never seen anything of course joey who came out here and wrote my car around the block to dry tested for several times and make up a good story thank you very much it's been a real tweet as they say and what on this many many more happy returns and thanks of course to our wonderful management that you I get a horseshoe and that little finger on the bottom there that's his year number one happy 15th and the flowers and the balloons and man this is more fun than a barrel of dog stuff anyway have a great weekend we'll see you tonight hopefully at Palpato Park for Christmas list and we're going to get all the alusias from Dominic and Kelly and see what we can cross off your program to give you a little assistance Rick and Spottlebe along next to guess what we're leaving you guys a big fat mess okay yeah we're leaving you a gigantic mass Jim and Joe from Durrell on sports talk and they ain't goberg tonight apart on tape which you pommer part live with Lynch superhero the sports center to the Washington Post and a whole bunch of other husser eye have a wonderful weekend we'll see you Monday morning of 10 here on 610 W I O D have a good weekend every time it's out for it as news traffic and weather stages a few as a precious gift from a god well again everyone from the channel 7 news center i'm Rick Sanchez with your 60 second goal four update we have some new reports it just came in there are do explain so let's move to the middle east war map Rick's world if you will and i'll try to explain party on everyone i'm your most excellent anchor Rick Sanchez and with me as always Sally Fitz party on sale party on Rick called San Pedro lately uh not since i've been back from Houston people in the business remember but fortunately for me the public has a short memory say what about that guy you flattened is he still in a coma uh yeah still in a coma i'm so glad you brought that up sale not anyway we're saying blew off a couple more scuds at the occupied west bank but those awesome patriots dudes intercepted a boom caboo as you know the insane who's saying gosh can i turn an original phrase or what yes poison gas but as i squat over Baghdad that's natural i'll give him a gas of my own hot air out of both and uh who's saying today said yeah we've got a narrow yeah not only secret weapon the Americans the 40 foot colossal news anchor with the chopped lips squatting over my country with this smelly gas my troops are all fleeing but for me i ran but i couldn't hide well that's all the time we have for today party on sale party on pick i'll sit in squats are you worried not break over our rack for channel 7 news