Special place known as burp inders gosh Burp inders saved my life Go in and I were in love. I really wanted to ask for the marry me, but I just knew that when the moment of truth came I'd let out with a big ripper, you know Burp inders no shame no guilt no more tummy rumbling smelly belches no more Stopping in mid-sitties to uncorporca big cheesy blaster Just caring professionals and the help you need don't wait Here's the number to call All right That's fine Hey Spe같 Okay amongst me up 1246 in WOD. Let's put him in a car and put the Clements in the back seat. Leave the neck. Bring the canole. Anyway, speaking of canole, Jeff over at PizzaLoft is doing it. He's got those great canoleys right now and lots of other great stuff. In order to help families in a rest of us, save a little money and still be able to enjoy a nice evening out of the great play state. Jeff at PizzaLoft is now offering a complete dinner for two for just 1295. And you know how much food he gives you like the gobs and tons. That includes your choice of any two of these on trays. Jeff's award winning lasagna with tomato or meat sauce, stuffed shells with tomato sauce, spaghetti with tomato or meat sauce, manacotti with tomato sauce or eggplant parmesan with tomato sauce, eat your heart out and eat your hearts out. However, many you've got. Anyway, that's your choice of any two of the on trays I just mentioned for just 1295 Mondays through Wednesdays at PizzaLoft. Good for inside the dining room or takeout or delivery. And don't forget PizzaLoft accepts your visa or master card on deliveries too, which is almost unheard of. They also have catering as little as four bucks per person if you're having a party like for poor them. And we all know that it's the home of the world's best pizza at PizzaLoft, including pizza prepared with whole week crust if you're little on the a healthy side. And be sure to try their delicious calzon pizza or that stuffed fugazza pizza, which is like nothing you've ever had before. And be sure and join me Tuesday March 19th, 5 to 8 p.m. as we inaugurate the New Neo Rogers dining room at PizzaLoft, prizes, surprises, including free dinners to be given away for your autograph pictures and a bunch of crap. That's the official grand opening of the Neo Rogers dining room at PizzaLoft Tuesday March 19th, 5 till 9 until 8 p.m. And don't forget their number by the way for a delivery or takeout 2665011. 2665111 out standing goodies waiting for you at the PizzaLoft upstairs at 69th in Flagler Street, just east to the Palmetto in morbid Miami. Okay we're under a lot of pressure now. We have a general short scoff our guy to guys going to be doing the military briefing at one o'clock and and I see that's worth listening to because he's great. He really tells it like it is. Our like his sneakers too. We have two open lines here in date County 7519463751 WIOD. Here's a mobile in Miami. How are you doing? Okay. I've never seen a short scoff and add it as in her together. That's a good point. She's I forgot what the heck I was going to request. Well I wasn't too bad. No this was a plane. We could say goodbye before you remember your request. No no. Did I hear you mentioned you might play the Wayne stop on Friday? You must be having like some kind of a metal of time. No you said it. There's been having a big macadrass. You said it. No I did not. I made was joking about it. If I wanted to play it it's not in here. I know but I bet you somebody would bring it. We gave the card away. We're going to play it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You just played the burn here called which is a great card. What about dirty Harry Carrington? Yeah. Let's see. You know we haven't had one lady call all day and that's why we're not here at about end of season. A stood still as nice because it's only women are calling about that kind of crap. Not one. I can't believe it. It probably can't get through. We've been just loaded with the jerk balls today. dirty Harry Carrington. There it is sir. Why? Is that service with a pile with a smile or what? Both. Okay. Thank you. Good luck to you. These back and he's stalking a cycle who wants to make the Chicago Cubs penit contest. Clint Eastwood is dirty Harry Carrington. Hello everybody this is Harry Carrington. He was Steve Stone. You caught your goodness. Beat all of them today. Clint Eastwood gives a whole of fame performance as the legendary Cubs broadcaster. There's action. The pitch strike at the piece through that ball right past Clark. Suspense. My thing. It could be. It is a program. romance. Oh look at the torn net broad Steve. Holy cow. Clint Eastwood is dirty Harry Carrington. Come into a theater near you. Prop 52 at WIDA been anxious to get to this call in Miami on one. Cause George usually puts the place they're calling from next to the city. Is that where they're calling from? Is that an editorial comment? Miami. Hey Neil. Yeah. From the guys in the office down here in Miami. We want to call you a raghead. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You're a raghead. Okay. Is that it? Yeah. That's it buddy. Good job pal. All right. See ya. Slime ball. I can't do nothing. I hate worse than people are called names. Jackass. There's an open line in Dave County, 751 nerd. You know what I might play today? How come I don't hear it? Is it not queued up? Is the cart pot open? Wouldn't that be something if that isn't queued up? That would be one of the most embarrassing. That means somebody else would be a fiddly farting around with it. If it's not queued up because I know the last time I played it, it was queued up. Trust me what I tell you. It's on a long cart. Let me see how long the cart is. Oh four and a half. But it's a long bit. Are you sure the cart pot is open? And nothing's coming out. Wait a minute. Yeah. Cart pot's open. All right. I like that way. He gets it's like he's got a chicken bone stuck in his throat. There you just get that last sound. Like the last cackle. So I guess so that cart's queuing up. You'll have to wait. We'll build up a little suspense on that. You'll have to wait till next Let's take a oelady and hollywood. Hello Neil. A lady. Hello Neil. We're at the ladies' bend today. No, we're all in there on behalf of all of the female listeners. I was just like to wish you a very happy anniversary. Well, thank you so much. And we hope you have you around for another 15 minutes. Ten minutes. Right. And we'd just like to call the The down of the same today. A major duet bag. Right. So to be a reasonably a former douche bag we hope. Yes. And exactly. And on, not behalf of all the female listeners. Just like to wish you a very very happy anniversary. Have a good one. Thank you so much. You made our entire day. All right. See you. Bye. And if you believe that. Anyway. So if you're real nice to me, I might play that in the one to two hour. I think we will. If we have time, of course, because Andy's in there. He's been plotting with the news people. They put in a call to Saudi Arabia, the general Schwartz coffee says, we haven't had too much going on today. We tried with President Bush. That was great. I got a hand to you. People on newsroom. That was even CNN didn't have that speech on. And if they don't carry it, you know there is no chance of there being anything. Because they have it all. They got a lot of time to fill. And we put that thing on. And Elaine was on doing her hair in there. And put putting around. And it just the most. How long was he on? 20 seconds. Man. He was addressing the F. W. Way, the former whims of America. Boynton Beach. Yeah. You finally got me, huh? We finally got you. Sir, here's your big chance in the sunshine. This and I have very questions. Okay. I want to hear the Mr. Saddam. Mr. My mother loves that. So I work with her. She just loves that because she liked the Mr. Sandman by the Cordets. And I also have a poem. A poem? Yeah. Yeah. A little pig, little pig. Let us come in. Not by the hair on my big fat wife's chin. Then we'll blow you away at the Rossito town. We'll blow your big fat ass straight into hell. Yeah. Outstanding. Wait a minute. What'd you say at the end there? Good job. No auditioning on a hearse or thank you. 1256. And let me say this again. This is not something we made up. It's as all those long dark nights of bombing over Baghdad. Had CNN's Peter Arnett taking a more pleasant things as girlfriend Kimberly Moore, an FSU graduate. Our net 56 called Moore 23 and proposed marriage reports the Washingtonian. One little hitch it says. Our net is still married. But he's promised more that after he divorces his wife, he will marry her all in the name of gloves. Isn't that great? What a douchebag. I told you to do a douchebag. Here's a mobile and high alia. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Okay. You've been doing a great job all along. Right? This whole word, thanks. Yeah, not just more thing. Not getting off the word thing. I last a couple weeks ago. I talked to your big race horse fan and I said I was in the Greyhound industry. And on the news this morning, would you drive a bus? Yeah. No, the race dogs, race dogs, racing dogs. But anyway, on the news this morning, there was a on the news cast. He was dog track was shut down by the State Racing Commission. For what? Well, the news read Mount and Christian starving dogs, fraudulent papers, race and under the wrong way. They're making them go on a hero? Ah, yes, they should go on a hero. But actually, to the public, I mean, it mistooked it very misleading to the public as far as whoever owns Keyworth's dog track, I know firsthand it does. They didn't dispose of the waste properly and they were watering down in the row county. I believe caught up dumping it into the county sewer system. Yep, and a lot of people were waiting in it up to their waste. Well, you know, they're pretty touchy down here to keys on a water situation. You're a touchy, feely, touchy, feely, and all of that is. But how they're on the keys. Anyway, the Greyhound industry, it's a good clean fund for the hornets. And of course, you're a jack rabbit. Yeah, yeah. But, uh, we won't, we won't knock the horses again. No sir. Every dog has its day. That's what they said. Anyway, uh, I'm problem-off. You listen and I'd like to call everything. Thank you. Would you have the birthday? Okay, sir. Your, uh, your three-packing, you're going to get your job and happy birthday. Have a great life. I'd you like the timing on that baby, huh? Incredible. Okay, we got a couple of open lines, but why bother now? Because we're coming back in about six hours. We're going to pause the military briefing with General Norman Schwartzkov, who, they don't get any better than him. I'll turn it right now. That's coming up here now in this very place. An elbow come back soon. A related rick and scutted two, sunny and Joe live from D'Rail on SportsTalk at 605, Keynes beat the gateers, 720 Hank Goldberg right after baseball to 11 o'clock tonight. 24 hour coverage of a war in the Gulf. A news dog radio. 610 WIOD. Miami Portwater Day. News talk radio 610 WIOD presents the Neil Roger Show. To get in touch and talk with Neil, dial 751 WIOD from day. In Broward is 524 WIOD. On beat 655 WIOD and Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star, IOD. The opinions expressed by the guest host of colors are not necessarily those of the station. Now here's Neil Rogers, a news dog radio 610 WIOD. Let me tell you something. The only thing bigger than the one that's all I will is that Debbie Alice. Boy, you see a cow. Mr. Zada, you really mean I bet you never thought we'd intervene. Your filthy breed has caused you to plunder and now your diaper headed days are number your mother. That I'm saying I think that you must have said on the brain. We'll blow you to smithereen. Mr. Zada, you're gonna get cream. On the moon. On the moon. On the moon. Zada. Yeah. You're crazy, Pete. Hey, me. We're looking for you on a radar screen. You're so calm. I wear you can't be seen. Oh, wait. Mr. Zada, you will. Please be living to Zada. You will get cream. Oh no! What is it? What's the question? Okay. 130 WIOD, I wouldn't say he was enthusiastic with you. Normie, he was just gushing with enthusiasm. Just bubbling with fun. We're doing it. We are just kicking their ass and boy, his sneakers even were like pumped up. Do you notice that? Anyway, let's take a call or two. Oh, we got tiny on the phone. Yes, I'm familiar. How are you? Okay, tiny. I thought it was a call from the house. Seriously, it says tiny on the screen. I thought I'd punch it up in here. No, this is your friend. I just called to say happy on you for a three. Well, thank you so much, tiny. And you please, really. Bye. Sometimes. By the right of the slippery move. No, sometimes. By my mere bestu shang. No, bye, Bill. Dude, for this wonderful thing. Well, remember you talked to me last week. I was trying to Rick. I gave him a bath. There was King Grippie's first kid. Oh, yeah. I'm not a Yankee fan. Yeah. You don't mean because I asked you if you wanted to. Oh, listen, Mike, you was just a little, Joe. Okay, just like what I probably hang up on in another minute here. I would have dumped a Yankee fan too. Yeah. You know what I had to do to get that? I had some Yankee pictures I traded them. You know, how many Yankees it took to get a Ryan Sandberg? 87. Two Mickey Manels, a whitey Ford and Blake Gooden and two Jose Consecos. Yeah. Just to get a Sandberg. Mm-hmm. So you see what New Yorkers are worth. I just thought I'd call it, you know how I got it. I was wondering what Jose Conseco had to do with the Yankees, but I guess part of that last name fits in it. Yeah. Oh, he's a Miami and so I guess he should fit in with that same thing. He puts right in. Oh yeah. So I just thought I'd let you know where you got picked. No, I appreciate it. It's credit with it, put it on the wall and all during baseball season. Now, by the way, Ryan O'er, they broke off negotiations. The thing was in a paper this morning, so it comes better get back with it. Oh, for now he's not even going to be on the team now. No, no, he's, but I mean, this is his last, like, this is the last year, you know, the option here and they got to resign him. He'll be there this year. He'll be there forever, but he just wants $80 billion, something like that. They should be there this year. People will just give him Jose Conseco's cars. Well, thanks again, Mike, you're a great American. You're off. Okay. Actually, bye. Very emotional experience. If you could see this, this is, I mean, this isn't just, like a baseball card. This is a big plaque with a full-color picture in an autograph and little thing on a bottom man, it's great. We have an open line of date, County 751 9463 751 Wild. So the Major League baseball mavens are all done. They went to Orlando yesterday or two days ago and St. Pete yesterday. And the word is, you know, everybody, they were happy with everybody. We're going to get it. We are going to get it. It's going to be great. Hank and I will be doing the games. Probably on another station. Anyway, something really fantastic going on again this weekend. Toyota of Hollywood has been selling so many cars during the anniversary sale. I mean, they've just had people lined up literally, selling them like flat jacks and ojas. So this weekend comes celebrate again with Toyota of Hollywood take advantage of that special anniversary savings on all new Toyota cars, trucks and fans and a great selection of pre-owned cars and trucks anniversary sale price lower than ever before again this weekend. So if you missed out the last couple of weekends, get in there again now because they just are going nuts. People are grabbing up great values like brand new sporty 91. Seneca's sale price is low as 11,399. True sales. Super anniversary sale price from 88.89 91 Toyota trucks from his little as 72.95 and Camry's 91 brand new ones as little as 10,0888. Go in there and gobble up a fantastic deal and whatever else you can gobble this weekend. At Toyota of Hollywood, you'll find them on 441 just south of Sheridan Street in the end of the haul, depressing our cake. Hollywood. Oh, here she comes. She's tall. She's thin. Blamer. Flabber this sophisticated. He may see it as she's the fashion doll that eats like a pig but looks like a twig. She's bleeding potty. The new eating disorder doll from heave down. You'll have hours of fun, dusting cookies in your wifey kitchen, calling you an alcanarol on your barfie fold. Or just blowing lunch in your barfie, booze-d와. Flaming barfie. Some dolls wet and some dolls fuss. But only believing barfie drives the boys to win bars. The new bolemic barfie doll from heave down. Batteries not adjusted. You're that sallie. Watch it. 1025. The WI would do. We got so much stuff. I get into that and no one will ever do it. Plantana. That was disgusting. That was grotesque. Wasn't a great. It was outstanding. I got a couple of things. I got about a 73 on a scale of 1. That me too. Couple of things. I fell asleep during the tail end of that movie last night. Booleosy was giving his sonnations speech. What happened after that? Did they convict her? No. So they let her off? They had a hung jury. I'll let I guess they must have a little look. Seriously, they had a hung jury and why mean they weren't they weren't hung? The judge kept sending him back and then it was 10 to 2 and it got closer and finally they came back and they got her off because did you see the end of the summation? I don't remember. The team up with the key to the whole thing was if they had both conspired to kill us couple, they certainly weren't going to drop the bodies right by the island. They were drop it off in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. Nobody would ever find him. They would never have been at stupid in the point is that because he killed him. He had a dump him over there so she wouldn't know about it and then they took off. That was the key to get you up. But then that was it. We never saw, I mean at the end they pointed out he's in jail and he's eligible for parole in 2006 and she's doing something somewhere out of no. But we never really saw what happened. And the guy who called in the other day said that he made the husband walk to plank and I don't know where we got the information unless this guy confessed and told a whole story. Maybe because that's he's the only one who would be able to tell that. The only thing that we thought that I saw that was about the murder was that dream she had with the chain signs. Right, I like that. Yeah, that was real interesting. Yeah. My special sex in there. Your Hannibal Lecture would like to have been around a clean that operation. The other thing I wanted to say was speaking of badly, much crimes. Did you happen to hear President Bush's speech that all the stations in your market and the Palm Beach market cutaway for yesterday about 330? No. It was a retirement speech for some general. And just because he was speaking everybody cut away from it. Well we're doing the same thing again. Yeah, we tried to get some of the most embarrassing. I mean, they're so afraid that he might say three words. You see the thing is they can always tape it and if he says anything meaningful, they can play it on the news where Pologes instead of this constant interrupting. I know, I'm a, you know, I'm sure that he isn't going to pick a speech to the National Hairdresses Association to say something tremendously worth shaking. Well my point is I used to do that. And if he did, like I said, we tape it. You put it on the air. And that said, I used to be in the print media and we used to get wire service advisory things. What he was going to discuss in the speech. And so that you wouldn't have to just wait. Okay, hold on a second. Just as you speak, we got a minute of rep. Let's go to the newsroom. We'll be right back. Thank you. We're going to go to a mutual news bulletin from the White House. It apparently deals with the rock saying it will accept demands for reparations. Testing system. This is Ross Simpson in Washington. Reuters in Baghdad says Iraq has told the United Nations, it would accept demands for reparations and abandon claim to Kuwait and return for a ceasefire. Iraq also says it's ready to release prisoners of war after a ceasefire takes effect. Repeating once again, Iraq is quoted as saying it is told the UN, it would accept demands for reparations and abandon claim to Kuwait and return for a ceasefire. And would be prepared to release prisoners of war after that ceasefire takes effect. This is Ross Simpson in Washington. This is Emanette. It has been a bulletin. In the WIOD news center, again, Iraq says it will accept demands for reparations. Well, it details on our news at 11 back to Neil Rogers. For a mutual news. I'm sorry. I like, you know, it's just the way the whole show has gone. And I was playing three cards at the same time at the beginning. Wonders so much pressure. Everybody is so damn hyper. Where was the call in Montana? That's me. Was that you? That's me. And that's me. And how come the card pot isn't working out? Because you got mutual on her. Come on, let's get with it, George. Oh, yeah. So basically, we've kicked their ass. They're like on their back now with their legs and arms straight up in a year. And the saying, that's it, please. They said just about the same thing, they said last Sunday. Yeah. We had to break away to do that. Well, I'm real fond of the media lately, having been one. And now I'm not any longer. And I'm, I used to be one too. Yeah. Well, I think you're doing a good job. I wanted to wish you a happy anniversary. Thank you. Isn't it pretty amazing? Nothing's going to happen because anniversary is in a smart and never mean anything. I think it's pretty damn impressive myself. I can't imagine anything that lasts for 15 years. I haven't had anything in my life except my life lasts that long. Yeah. I'm not sure about that. Right. So congratulations. Thank you so much sir. And see away from those small islands in the Pacific. And watch out for those old parts in land tennis, or they'll drive you nuts. You're right. Have a great life. You too, bye. Okay. Land Tana. And quarrying minds want to know what those going on up there. Speaking of that, top 10 tabloids, trash headlines is what it says on a sheet. Sunning a jewel be life from deraugat on sports talk. We got U.M. And U.F. We're going to kick the Gators ass again. We'll make it four in a row tonight. 720. And Hank after a baseball. For the kids, I don't understand how phrase you're does it. I just don't understand how he does it year after. He does it with mirrors. Like somebody else we know. I mean, he said again, he does it with mirrors. I mean, he'd lost two starters in the very, one of the early games of the season. They run into each other, had that horrendous collision. And, you know, everybody's crying. It's going to be a brutal year. And they just, all they're doing is win a nine in a row now. And go and nuts. 1031, we have an open line in Palm Beach, 655 hyper, 655. Mutual network, WIOD. Well, at least get all the words in there. They may not be in a right order today. But we'll get all the pieces. What you got to do is tape it. It's like a jigsaw puzzle. You tape the whole thing today. And then they'll give you something to do later. You kind of edit it out and tape it all together. Splice it. Winning doubts, splice it out. It's like those great best of shows. I love those. Man, those are the best. Aren't they? Yeah. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. I think I wish you a happy anniversary. I'm going to happy anniversary. Sure. Whatever you say. Because my aunt told me to call you. You know her name is Sarah Hamilton. Sarah? Yeah. She been visiting the U from station station to tell her. Right. Good old Sarah. What a great American. Yeah. Well, we'll get a game last night. No, I was not sure. The game was nice. You know, he was, you know, you know, you know, you am a nice really. Yeah, they do look nice. You know, and that's my old Luminat school and, uh, and did I get to see, you know, hanging around my hand me now, you know, very unpredictable. And I'm protected. Yeah. Yeah. It looked. Yeah. If you know, it's a baby looking for a whole running back. Oh, oh, oh, oh. All right, back. Yeah. All right, up. Running back. Yeah. Really? Really old. The lock is going to plague in us here. He's going to be back up to Sammy. Kay Sammy, stir three, 14 minutes full of ways. Hey. OK. Look, you said you've been the 15 years now, right? Yes. Sir, Friday. Friday makes 15 years. Yes, you would tell him. He'd say that you've been jumping. You've been jumping to the station. Yes, he's been jumping. It's jumping from the. That's what we hear. Okay, well listen you get over there with Sarah and that radio give her a big kiss on the knob for us. Okay. Okay. 1033 at Wild and he's plotting again. What can we do to scrub to show today? We just said that bullet and we got a bullet. See I don't get me wrong. I mean if there's important stuff going on trust me we want to be the first ones to have it because it's a doggie dog business as they say at the cafeteria Santa Rea. There's an open line in date and the star line just opened up just like the dead seat. What's he is it? Was it the red sea or the dead sea? And let's take a call and mobile in Del Rey. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes. I've wanted you to do that. They're comparing you to Andrew Died Clay and then magazine. Yes, saw that. Did you see that? That's old. Yeah, I have no idea what that meant. Nobody sent that and made no sense at all. I couldn't get none of that myself. Yeah. All right. I think they thought his name was Andrew Died Clay and he heard a say doos bag a couple of times. They got all excited. I don't know. What is that magazine? We got all these spin-off magazine. What is it? That's good. He's done. That's your pin-out. Oh yeah. Well they got some big bucks. Like I said I was pretty impressed. They put my name in there. Yeah. All right, Neil. Happy anniversary. Thank you, sir. See you. 1034. How about that movie? What was it Cadillac man? Was that the name of the movie? What a bomb. What a bomb. I didn't see it. But four. One of the great bombs in history. Even Hiroshima never saw a bomb like that. 655-946-3655-WildD. The Iraqis are succumbing. They're just begging and pleading. They're saying we won, but when anything you want. We won though. Don't forget that. But anything you want. Did you hear about the troops? A couple of guys had Americans. The Jeep broke down in the desert. And a group of Iraqi soldiers broke down in the mud because it's been raining and it came over and they helped them yank it out of the mud. And then they surrendered. I mean the stories that are coming out of there are just mind boggling, just incredible. And if you've seen the EPWs, the guys with the, with it not even with boots like with these craggy shoes that are cracked and just incredible. And then there was the guy from Chicago, the Iraqi guy went out there on business and all of a sudden got drafted. And when they were rounding up no seriously. If you didn't hear the story, he's from Chicago. He speaks perfect English. He's an American, but he was originally Iraqi and he went back there on business and being your drafted you're in the army. So he's out there in the middle of this group of EPWs and he comes and says, where have you guys been so far? How the hell come and took you so long? He's wearing shorts. He was wearing shorts and sneakers. And he's out there in the Iraqi army in the fierce army. Man, I'm telling you, it's just incredible. 1036 at WIOD, we have a very important break to take right now. Listen very, very carefully. Crank it up as loud as you can. And we'll be right back. Yeah, 1043 at WIOD, let's take a call from Prestige, just Pompano. I need you. Yeah. George, but he's got a hat of air. He's gone. Did what I said after do? He is out of air. Yeah. Great. Not gonna spare him. Not got to it. Not got to it. Gonna kill him. Gonna stab him. Gonna pour full acid on his body. Watch and decompose. Oh. 1043. He got excited because he saw Sonny in here. They thought it was Barbara with the fruit. We have an open line in Broward 5249463, 524WIOD. We're a Sonny with my lunch. About 1130 would be great. I'm serious. I feel so much better. I haven't felt as good in years. For me, good stuff. For me, not all I could in those plantains. I think that's what turned my life around. Plus, I live in plantations, so that makes a big difference. Here's a mobile from West Palm Beach. How you doing Neil? Great. I said I'm who's saying woke up this morning. As wife told me, was it dumbest man alive? It showed him that he was destroying his army, destroying the industry and everything. And so I said, I can prove I'm not. He went into the bathroom with mirror mirror on the wall. Who's a dumbest man alive? He turned around and goes, honey, who's the encoyle? Oh, by the way. Did you hear Rick and Slut call at Dan Quayalini yesterday? Oh, no. I got to get that number. We got to call it today. It's 100 number. That was great. Somebody said a one fair to pick on him because you weren't able to to defend himself. Yeah. Have a good life, Neil. You're very entertaining and a great radio announcer. Thank you, sir. Whatever you say. Okay. 1044 at WOD. Maybe somebody in the audience knows that number was 1,900 dumbbell. Something like that. No, it didn't you hear the call? It was funny crap. It's the... It is. It's a 900 number and it's a Dan Quayalini. And you got all kinds of choices you can call in the songs and the ditties and the stupid crap. It's great. Somebody will call in the number. I'm sure. Mommy likes you, so I got to play this. I'm just about. You really mean. I bet you never thought you'd enter me. You're still secret. That's cause you too plunder. I know you're diaper headed days on number your mother. That I'm a fail. I think that you must have found on the brain. We'll blow you to the military. Mr. Star, are you gonna get free? I'm from... I'm from... The... Yeah! You're baby, baby. Mommy, we're looking for you. On a regular screen. So come out where you can be seen. No way. Mr. Star, are you real? Please be late. Mr. Star, are you real? You will get free. On a regular screen. I'm from the military. Okay, baby. Danny, I don't get it. USA, can we just get numbers? I'm getting much too old to do a transpose. The numbers are the letters. Okay. This is good. At least it was yesterday. Why could it be? You're called to not be completed at all. Well, up your is okay, honey. What the hell is that? You give me the wrong number right thing. All right, let me try it again. One, and one hundred. You... S... Hey. I don't think that's right. Hmm. Hey. And then... What? I don't think that's right. Doesn't sound like the number they were given yesterday. We're sorry. You're called to not be completed at all. Well, you're not happy to say... Sorry, as I am. Bitch. Damn it. Somebody give us the right number. Who called you, Rick? Yeah. Well, that's not it. What the hell did I do wrong? I dialed it the same way he did. I stuck my finger in the same place he did. And I'm pretty upset about it too, by the way. 1047 at WIOD. We have an open line on the Palm Beach line. What do I do now? All right, just a second. One... ...hundred. You are saying... ...this is a day. Oh. Oh, no wonder. One... ...and then... ...you... ...is a... ...and then... ...okay, this is the last shot. Here we go, this... We're sorry. Yeah, we know you're sorry, okay. And you're still a slut. 1048, we have, like I said, an open line in Palm Beach. We'll get to right number. That is not the right number, Rick. Anyway, our Palm Beach number is 6559463. Get a pencil so you can order a book that's crucial. All senior citizens and their families. Aha. It's called, how to protect your life savings from catastrophic illness and nursing homes. You probably saved your whole life for your retirement. But if a catastrophic illness, like Alzheimer's or a stroke hits, the cost of long-term care can bankrupt you. Medicare, your health insurance and even the VA won't pay. You'll lose your savings. You could even lose your house. There'd be nothing left to pass on to your children or me. This book tells you how to protect those life savings. Even if you thought it's too late, how to avoid a lean on your house and more, 200 pages of practical advice from Attorney Harley Gordon, a lawyer who specializes in protecting assets. The cost only 1895 plus shipping a small price to pay to protect your life savings. Order your copy right now, call us toll free number. 1-800-955-2626. How to protect your life savings from catastrophic illness and nursing homes. 1-800-955-2626 as for extension 12 operators are sitting by. Pretty really. Boy Chuck is full of it today, which is good because he's going to have to save up, like a squirrel with walnuts for the wintertime when we start seeing his paycheck. Seriously, we were, let's see, how much were we lost in revenue? 87,420,000 dollars so far. Is that on George, by the way, once a defend himself? It's not on. George, he wouldn't, he's on the phone. He's on the phone with who? George Bush. Oh. We're synchronizing times in a rupture show today. So what's the president speaking due today? The National Association of Former Wimps. The NAFA, NAFW. Oil changers. So I'd said I would come in at 10, 50, and interrupt the show. If he would come in. George cops coming out of one o'clock with a military review. He mentioned goodle about 230, shouldn't it? Sure. You want to have Gilbert on with General Schwartz' couple. Yeah. I think Gilbert and Schwartz got for related shows. Well, we're going to do it at General. Well, we're going to do it. He wouldn't. I'd tell you, we'd have sent him over there in the first place. We wouldn't have had to go through the whole war. Sure. Well, he could have financed the war. Gilbert's rich enough. He was posed by two. He was an Africa for a while. He was. He was on a separate. He was with EDM in data. They were having lunch with Hannah Malekty over there. He was in the silence of the lands. Was he? Yeah. Did you see it? No, I haven't seen it yet. Oh, you're loving it. You just want to help with that weight loss, by the way. A lot. He did like a part two of the sea will tell. Yes, I did. The only thing I thought it was very good, but it left you hanging. If I can show that at the end, because it's the impression you get is that there's no more information. I got never told a story, but I had to call her the other day. Yeah. Who learned who the original couple and was going into big song and a dance. Or he knew somebody who used to talk to them on him, radio and whatever. And he said that he made the husband walk the plank. Well, how the hell do we know that? Well, that wasn't in the movie obviously, but that came out in. And, uh, uh, buck apparently bragged about this couple of times in prison to people. And at one point he told one of his soulmates that he had made this guy walk the plank. And I don't know if that ever got into the trial transcript of that. Prisoner was ever called to testify. See, I heard that he beat the couple to death with like an axe. And she was standing in a background, egging him on saying beat him bucks. But I could have been just nuggly remember. And I really remember from Pittsburgh as they sang. Whereas we are family by sister us lugs. I want to play that. Wasn't that that was a great year? 1979. That was great. Richie Hebner. Well, hebner didn't play in the 79 team. That was the 71 team. Are you going to start, uh, start correcting me not only is the interrupt to show it. Like I said, 71 saying you know 71 really hear it. Hebner played on the Cobb's last. He did. Couldn't have hurt. Danny Murtau came back in 71, right? Brown was there a screwing things up and Murtau came back. I understand Murtau's coming back next to you too. They need him. They couldn't hurt. That's right. Jim Williams, probably going to choke on that one. I loved Danny. He was a great man. He was tremendous. And looks pretty bad for the bucks this year. Yeah. Bugs is the operative ward now. But their spawning with a cane is here. They just don't have the bucks they can't afford it. This year may not be too bad. But next year. Who? Take the pipe on. what they ought to do. I devised a trade last night. They should send a very bonds to the Mariners. Or Alvin Davis and two or three outfielders. Yeah. Now I'm serious. They should get rid of the water. Or they could just send them to the Raiders for Reld Davis. Oh, did you see Peter and hats getting married by the way? Kimberly Moray, Florida State Graduate. She is 23. He's 56. One little hitch though, Arnett is still married, but he's promised more that after he divorces his wife, he'll marry her in the name of love. Oh, good. Or he could just stay in a baggedet and they can have like 75. I don't think in some of those countries they have a whole bunch of wives. Yeah, all they're allowed to, the Emear of Kuwait has 40 wives. Great. No one reads always smile. Is it the Kujmir or the Emear? The Emear? Is it the Kujmir and Tauhos? A lot of fangs is here. Well, it sure has been nice, uh, wasting time here with you, sir. Can we interrupt you some more here? Well, we'll have the news in five minutes. See, Tauh can't at all figure out he was going to loan the pirates, the money, to pay off those big salaries. But after the new adjustment that we're making to his paycheck, I don't think I think you and a bucks will be in the same. He hasn't even afforded bleachers. The end of the same bag is they say in sunrise. We have an open line in day, 751 Wild. Boy, well, there's Peter right now as we speak and he's proposing to Bobby Benilla. I mean, but Tista, on the air. Look at that. He said, I'll do anything. I'll even change my story. I'll say anything you want, Bobby. He thinks Bobby's a guy anyway. Miami. Uh, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? I'm doing great. I'm going to leave him the other day. He's made it call and she was complaining about Aunt Yeah, about no sign of the rest. Yeah. Okay. I got a small story for you about Aunt Rehears. As you guys are a fan, I agree. I correspond with John Chada, playing the same Benbolek, my phone play. Wait a minute. Slow down a little bit, sir. Okay. My phone plays hard to tell. Starting the sound like Jose Hamayner is just slow down a little bit. Okay. My phone plays I mean, yeah, but they're on Correlink. What is it? They're on Correlink. That's a bit only. So what? They're on a Psyll. Yeah. Okay. In Andre, uh, exchange. Andre's playing in a Psylline league this year? Andre, uh, right through one of the charts that played there. One of the child's? Mm-hmm. They can watch the change. Or a lot of the child's. And this kid broke his own one. He's playing. He's just struck out a lot, but now he's always walking. Right. Okay. And uh, thank you. I'm told in about it for you and down the other night to see him. You were down there with the knife? He won't down there. I got the Correlink. And now what he will do? He's talking about 75 to 100 degrees. He's the best. Okay. So I don't know what he's making it off. Oh, she's probably a medspan, you know. She's probably another bitter medspan, is rubbing their little piece of David Johnson's face. She got in the mail the other day and hoping something grows. Wait, no medspan, how to say. Huh? No, no medspan, how to say. Why are you on medspan? You guys. Oh, man. What I got with the tech for, what you got will play there. Boy, you ought to take a lot of heavy depressions before the season starts. I'm serious because you're going to have to get... No, we, we, we dying these season. Oh, no, man. Yeah, I'm less off air. I'll tell me two full turn it around for me. Yeah, sure. We're going to stop there. I will not show you. In fact, the rumor has it that he ran away in a loop with the rusty stop before the season started. So we'll have to check that rumor. Why all this gut bones? Yeah, I saw that. Isn't that that? Well, that's a good excuse. He's got bones, person. The neck. That's why he chokes all the time. He does. Yeah. Great choke artist. Yeah. What do you expect from a kid from St. John's? Okay, a bunch of pansies up there at St. John's. Yeah, red men. Well, it's like a chewing to back it to me. Yeah. That's why we just chew him up and spit him out and regularly feel, sir. Right? That's, but I'm going to be a man found through that again. Don't hear my army. That's right. I'm going to do it. Blue is look out for those Miami blues. I still like the name. I don't care what anybody says. The blue agrees the yellow I take in no matter what I want. Well, I, I think you're going to have to take a lot of the seasons, sir. Any color will do. Have a great life. You do me. Okay. Well, let's see. We're going to come back for the 11 o'clock hour when we're probably getting interrupted several times and we're looking forward to it. Because I got so flushed through this morning. I was playing three cards at once just to try to get everything in. Anyway, Rick and Suds, and I'm going to get the right number. Did you hear that yesterday? The Danny line, the Krayline. That was great. That was sensational. And if we work real hard at a George, we can get the right god damn number, too. Okay. Because it was great. I think our rally just calling and give us a bogus number because he wants it for himself. Anyway, the top 10s, trad Lloyds, a Tash headline. That's what it says. You're on a sheet. Hey, if that she speaks your own lingo, baby, with Rick and Suds at two, Sonny and Joe live from the Rallon Sports Talk at 605. UM kicks the gators again, 720 and night and Hank Goldberg, right after a UM baseball right to 11 o'clock tonight. Reaction at Broward, Northbound 95, approaching David Boulevard, a reminder of the left lane shutdown southbound 95 between David Boulevard and the new River Bridge. In data collision, Eastbound 836 at Milandary Road and we have the left lane shutdown northbound on south-toxy highway between Ponce to Leon and Bird Road and in the Blinton Beach area, a collision federal highway at Bullbright Road. You know value when you see it and you'll see more of it at Tom McCann every day. TBB today's best values only at Tom McCann. I'm Tom Roberts, Skywatch 610 WIO Day. From the WIOD Weather Center, here's Bob Sofer. When the eclads at Versailles floor to today, hike up just reach about 70 to 73 degrees tonight, generally cloudy with overnight low 63 to 67 degrees. Tomorrow is still cloudy with widely scattered showers, hike temperatures in the middle 70s. Marine forecast winds north and northeast at 15 knots, seas 3 to 5 feet, higher in the Gulf Stream, Bay Waters a moderate chop, winds will become east at 15 knots tomorrow. From the weather center, I'm Chalice 7 meteorologist Bob Sofer, new stock radio 610 WIOD. Hello, fellow and welcome to the temperature in south Florida 61 degrees. Next news updated noon bulletins at once of my first in Gulf Updates 24 hours a day. I'm Henry Barrel for South Fort as news traffic and weather station New stock radio 610 WIOD. New stock radio 610 WIOD presents the New Roger show. Get in touch and talk with Neil. dial 751 WIOD from day in Broward at 524 WIOD. I'll be 655 WIOD and Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD. The opinions expressed by the guest host of colors are not necessarily those of the station. Now here's Neil Rogers, a new stock radio 610 WIOD. Me so funny. Well I was driving down 995 the other night. Somebody nearly cut me right off the road. I decided wasn't gonna do any good to get mad. So I wrote a song about them instead. It goes like this. Pretty more. I'm an asshole. I already did you work at it your whole life. Either way it worked out fine. Cause you're an asshole tonight. Yes you're an ace. S S A so Ellie. And don't keep trying to play with on me. You deserve all the credit. Here in ass, old tonight. We're an asshole. Yes you're an asshole. Old tonight. I've got a feeling. You're being asshole the rest of your life. OK that's that. One more. I was talking to your mother. Just the other night. I told her I thought you were an asshole. She said yes. I think you're right. And all your friends are asshole. Because you know that you're whole life. Somebody told me you've got an asshole for life. Where you more than asshole. How or did you work in your whole life? Either way, work not fine. You're here at us. Let me first do that. It's a lovely way to do it. Let's go to a lane at tour of the newsroom. Thank you. We're going to join President Bush now who is just about to make opening remarks to the American Society of Association. Thank you very, very much. And put a wonderful reception. And I interpret that. I think properly. Same way I interpret that the applause at the state of the Union message is strong support for those men and women that are serving our country overseas. And now the war is almost over. And I think we owe them a vote of thanks. And I think I heard it right now. So thank you Bill and I'm just delighted to be here. I want to shift and talk about domestic matters and Bill, I couldn't help but glance at this marvelous quilt coming in here. This is Elaine Ator in the 610 WIOD News. Sandra President Bush is addressing the American Society of Association executives. The only thing he had to say about the Gulf War is that the war is almost over. Details coming up at noon. I mean, Elaine Ator in the 610 WIOD News Center now back to New Rogers. Thank you so much, Elaine. And now we know something we didn't know about nine minutes ago, right? Wow. Are we doing it or what? Tell me first it was. And the meantime we dropped three calls off the board as soon as we did that. We have two open lines in Dave County, 751 panic, 751 WIOD and one in Palm Beach. Oh, I will say this. The song ended. Everything we do timing on that was great. We got right into it. Right? Elaine stepped on the first word but other than that it was great. And Palm Beach is open 655. Oh wait a minute, wait a minute. We can't, don't call on Palm Beach a second. Now we're going to do this. USA, you, S, A. Now he doesn't get to residual from this, doesn't? Because I know, I know he's a little short, at least that's the rumor. 10 past 11. At WIOD, is it doing anything? Thanks for calling the Dan Quail. Joe, whippers and songs line. And 1,900, USA, Danny charges for this call. Our $2 for the first minute. And 99 cents, decent additional minutes. Remember every 50th color was the free Dan Quail watch. 5 foot 10, air like 10, looks like TV weather. Yes, Danny Quail is my 10-door. And he's so white, very bright. White, that's my 10-door white. Can't tell he's really on the door. That was Danny Doll by the capital step. Yeah. 5, 4, 5. 5. Press 1 to hear Dan Quail jokes. Press 2 to hear about Dan Quail products. Press 3 to hear Dan Quail rumors. Press 4 to hear about new menu choices. Okay, hold on a second. Pause the 3, 3. Okay. And Quail bloopers. Then you can leave a joke or make other menu choices. Are going to be the first to know. Very intimate and personal thing of Dan Quail. I stand by all of the mistakes and sentences. But a way to do is to lose one's mind or not to have a mind is being very way to. First garment. Unlike many garments. And particularly the garments of wear. The people that found the discontri came from. Is a garment that is derived from the people. It consists of garments. The freedom that is baked in the people. The panel like there. Repentant is to represent them in a free representative democracy that we have today. Now, in turn, to challenge your favorite Dan Quail jokes. Press 1 to tell your jokes. Remember, we reserved the right to edit your joke. Okay, if this will get back to that later, some good stuff on it. It's 1113. Have you ever seen him with boy Gary? Never. Anyway, is that shirt collar year is getting a little too tight to button. Are you walking around like Dave's game and he's like a gigantic, good year blimp. Waddling around on your hands in these. The answer of course Roger is new tris system. Well, Neil Roger here, you look great since he's been losing weight on neutral system. I lost 17,000, five weeks. Do you want to increase our bet just a little? Sure. Whatever you say, Roger, he's picking out a derail. Anyway, this week in neutral system is a good incentive for you to get started and lose that disgusting, gross debilitating, SMARMY fat, those rules and rules of flat there are imprisoning you like Patrick McGoon in the prisoner. When you come down man, you're not getting no job. This week in neutral system, lose up to £30,000, and pay only $59 for program services, details available to all participating centers. And they're just about everywhere like Pember Pines, Boeton Beach, Latter Hill Hollywood by me, flakes everywhere. Don't forget the special offer is for one week only, so take advantage of the great special mouth called neutral system today. It works. It does the job. 1-800-344th in. 1-800-344-T-H-I-N. Roll out of the chair, waddle on your hands and ease over to the phone and call them now. Be sure and tell them that neurotic Neil, a W-I-O-D, beg you to call neutral system. It's a good time for the great taste. It's 11-16. Neil, this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Let me first do those. At W-I-O-D, let's go to Miami Beach, hello. Oh, Neil, yes sir. Good morning, are you doing? I'm doing just fabulous, sir, how about you? Pretty good, listen. I'd like to tell you a couple of things that hopefully would make you feel good. Okay, we're listening. Because you've been... See a man who had a good lunch over the years. You what? We've enjoyed the heck out of your show. You enjoyed the hell out of this show, good. Hell, haha. Well, any kid, I've noticed that over the past couple of years, you evolved into a more pleasing, more pleasant radio personality. Really? Yes, you want to bet? But if I'm able to... Just try me, sir. Let's fight out. Go ahead, I'm just... Just can't get your change going on. Okay. No, but you're less pungent and a servant. But you've turned around to become a... I would say much more well-rounded individual. Yeah. No pun intended. That's a way it looks. But anyway, like you read... Ed, you're on on your... On your successful diet. I am a reformed obese person. Yeah. I weighed at my highest. This is a man who's in the FF Society of America, formerly Fats. Well, Neil, let me give you some inspiration here. What do you think that means in those personal ads when it says FF, formerly Fats? I think that's what it means. No, well, the method that I applied... Go ahead, sir. What's this? Warring my mouth shut for a row on top. Man, don't work good on your show. No, I didn't do that. I just... I could do the Paul Wintchill show and you could be Jerry Mahoney. I had to rely on Real Power. I weighed 432 pounds. Woo! I am now down to 183. Oh! That took me a period of almost two and a half years. I had to have a... You weighed how much to start for? 432 pounds. 32 and your 183... I just started weight 7 pounds. Well, I've about 150 pounds. But then I went all the way up to 432. Wow. And I had to have a little snippet of skin taken away for my midsection. Because... Yeah, that happened to me a long time ago. And I had to have a... They took it away. But never been to the... What is it? I had to have a new belly button replaced because the other one was lost. And an able attack no doubt. But I have an unique idea. I don't think I like to say it's Neal is... There is a lot of things right with America. Right. Here we go. I'd like to begin seeing this because I've had a lot of experience rubberinated people, brought to me, I've traveled to Europe. I've bummed around Europe when I was in college. Yeah. You rolled around Europe. And I ran into a lot of people. A lot of different situations in which... Rob Zapen... looked down on us. They looked down on... ...on one. They went down on us on a... ...on a... ...on a... ...on a marionum. Yeah. Or for whatever... They thought it was the... ...that new tunnel they're building between... ...ingled in France. Well... ...laught nut. He'd like to British us to the... ...entre French, Fomingo and... ...and be happy. Yeah. But I'm very, very happy to be American. Yes, sir. I'm very happy to live here. Yeah. God bless you, sir. Let's stop. Good lot of things right with America. Jake will always say things. But let's stop, Reagan and George Bush. Take the band down a pretty good job. Our true thing got us done in an actual job. Have you done our split out now though? Yeah. Or... Now this just... ...for instance, one time I was in... ...or... ...with my wife and her. I was in Monmont. And it was summer. It was... ...they were from July. And we were just looking for a... ...someite decent place to eat. Yeah. We went... ...we ended up in one of those... ...middle eastern type restaurants that... Well, you know how those French... ...rived their very arrogant. They're always looking down on your home. Let me tell you. We just went in and ordered a heaping amount of food. We were starving. Yeah. That's why I got to be 432. We used to eat heaping amounts. He didn't hear what? No. Bring me anything you want. Just bring me a heaping amount. But at the same time, we ordered... ...copes. They bring you a glass of coke with no ice. Mm-hmm. As it's customary in Europe. Yeah, the urn lady likes to eat there. And... ...they likes to eat. Maybe two, three ounces of coke. So I have to wait or go ahead and bring a... ...for bottle. Each. That's what Henry always says, with every meal. And the way to respond to this... ...pickety can never be given. As... ...what the heck... ...where is this guy? Henry, can you make out what this guy's talking about? No, I can't. I can't really. Okay. Now go ahead. Well, okay. Let me make... ...be more sufficient. Henry's going to use herdominating. I think... ...I think... ...and I've had a ponytail this morning, which is embarrassing, as hell. All right. I mean, George Carling get away with a ponytail, because he's got an excuse. He did so much acid. He don't hold the difference. Oh, thank you. I will say the... ...collostomy macrostration has... ...defined a finitude of my negative. Excellent, sir. Very good, Neil. Watch out for those naval attacks. Thank you. Okay. Great call. 21 past 11 at WIOD on a great Wednesday. Everybody's excited here, because from noon to two... ...Benning Jerry's... ...these... ...I love the name of their truck. It says, Benning Jerry's scoop truck.