bottom of the ocean okay we have a celebrity call around line well i'm glad you thought so sadistic doos bad 10 out seven wild it's Friday finally the longest week in the history of the human race man usually the week just flies by here but this week it's been real long and if you stick around we'll tell you how long anyway tonight's the big speaking of that wild who the softball game the hudders girls are going to be their stark naked naked just hang out at the ballpark and i heard the studs yesterday and you know wonderful guys but they're so full of crap he's in pompidote park it's not a pompidote park that's a race track said pompidote municipal stadium so when he don't show up tonight the excuse will be he went over to pompidote park and hung out over there but it's a pompidote municipal stadium 730 tonight and the goofballs from io d and i hope to get some folks to show up there tonight from the station because i know i won't but uh... same they'll have the t-shirts per sale you're going to be their Alex Alex's going to be there and we know it be there and tomorrow the at champion marine from noon to three or up and that's that's a good location to because no excuses it's a hundred ninety thin biscuits in come from day and brown and pompidion all over the place and will have lots of stuff to give away and will be some of the t-shirts we got twelve thousand two seventy eight not shabby not too bad for our Vietnam vets and i've been meantime what are all these calls on the board already i don't want to start on rich sanchez today i'll tell you that right now but but i've two didn't yesterday is that was on my way to McDonald's or somewhere and the i didn't hear rick Riley went out again today and defending rick sanchez and you got to wait until the he has a try got by you don't know if you were in that situation what you would have all man the sanchez like coming over here with money or something and speak of that what happened to those uh... wait a minute wait a minute what happened those rick sanchez drop in now you got to be kidding what happened to those carts you know every day i sit down here within a couple minutes i discovered that there's a whole bunch of cramped it's disappeared we had like about a half a dozen rick sanchez drop in here which would have been perfect today they're all gone for that is certainly out in here with this stuff are they with rick and spots crap all over this they got this thing so jammed up you can find anything here for a lot of pentatons i sure hope they're not in here i'm sure they're not because they wouldn't do that with they just jammed like dozens and dozens and dozens of carts in the middle of their cartway well i'll do that during the break okay and it's after ten let's take our first call from high alia yeah i beg your pardon okay who are gonna pass today hand goldberg first ladies in gentlemen okay and that's nice i happen to have to wait a two-minute to i was the one at ten in the radio radio radio radio accident yes okay and he's talking about not having air conditioning in the house time again we feel sorry for him maybe i'll spend the night at the stars night club and take up somebody maybe i'll spend the night somewhere else alright then maybe i'll spend the night somewhere then some guy calls a little bit later and so let me come yeah i was coming and then somebody else called a while later instead of enough for the sucking over the air he goes i hope that the daytime mentality and spreading to the night time show i don't know we're in between the lines oh boy i don't know what he meant it sounds like he's drawn a little line in the sand to me so i thought i have to say okay thanks for the reports sir you're great american and where would the head your front it's eleven after ten and wio d we got a couple of day lines it's still aren't doing it yet seven five one right now i want to tell you that one of our favorite restaurants charcoal is having another special this weekend a whole lobster with sliced flank steak special this weekend i'd easy to say but easy to eat it's going to be delicious come in any one of the four charcoal's locations get a whole lobster with sliced flank steak plus rice pilaf homemade soups and rolls and a trip to their humongous salad bar you know this for the amazingly low price of only fourteen ninety five it's a good way to introduce yourself and a whole bunch of folks just bring this grab a whole bunch of people and throw them back of the truck and take them over there to charcoal's and get familiar with the super restaurant delicious food humongous portions so let's check it out again this week special for fourteen ninety five be at a whole lobster sliced flank steak was rice pilaf homemade soups rolls and a big salad bar only fourteen ninety five it's a deal you can't be with a stick for locations for charcoal's their in candle at the ton of country center just east of the turn pocket candle drive in the mimey lake series just west of the palmetta with northwest one fifty four street that's mimey lake's drive exit call springs on samarot at four forty one and in water hill on north university drive a commercial full of our check out the gigantic stakes and delicious prime rib to this weekend at charcoal me honey oh the off-colorized version of gun with a wind on tnc I'm not the merciless of the year that I'm in I'm in the sea with full I'm very please be you must pay listen honey I've had enough of this actually I'm at a here I never really look this you know why in six I just when you had yet onion is mouth you are clean and it's deep in the ice clay and vividly in the off-colorized version of gun with a wind why don't you take a walk up to frankly you'll fetch I don't give up and coming on tnc next week the off-colorization of leave it to be the favor I have never been more disappointed in you that I was today when you want to the principal's office wearing that horrible sweatshirt well that I was a little more disappointed when I found out your name may after the first thing you saw when I was born catch all the action this week on tnc well ten sixteen a wild the we have a little mystery here all the rich sanches carts have disappeared all those little dropage we had yesterday so kind of put two and two together and he gets seventy five rick rally sitting here sucking around yesterday covering up the tracks here's this uh... did not take the new times though that still sitting around here with the latest article about this poor guy in a picture of this guy that was just flattened flattened by your channel seven news anchor says those ancestors he tried to aid the smuz in it at the scene of the accident flag down motorists i witness is playing the anchor man ignored the injured man and loudly told police advice that blood test were pointless and would hurt his public image so we don't care that we hurt this guy and still in a coma and just to make it a little can barely move his left arm and leg and maybe once all hold his head up right but we don't want to hurt the ricks public image the morning and how you doing pretty good you know i got a little sort of okay i happened to speak to the beginning okay i was driving on ninety five you know listening to your show and i got a little traffic jam so just sitting here and uh... i started picking from i knew you can do a picking your nose and uh... you can now you got to say it i can't say it for you can you know it's a picking man and i pulled out a burger it's so high yeah and the burger had little notes here and on it what do you think about that you how many about two all that's not much you get more than two you get busted for it and the burger and the burger and the eight to here so can ten eighteen and w i o d that's a good story to get you ready for an exciting weekend here in south florida we have an open line in date seven five one w i o d for waterdale i'm tired over here okay sounds like it time to find i'm doing it i thought we'll play for myself not across that way we're going to we're going to elect a few dany Jackson on the show today it's going to be very exciting by twelve thirty uh... never your buddy at the fourth part of the gacke yeah i had an unfortunate like experience we don't want that date time and telly snicking him the night time they were in the hangover to we want all those old pretense and how you doing it so wonderful to hear the electrical show what is it now i was on the high school with josegattie like a somebody depressed about what was your first to be a bit what was the first to be a real dip uh... i don't know just the way you look and the way you talk w i o d yeah that's more you'll be pressing you don't want to write for wasn't that easy either with him but uh... seem like he's kind of made it like that he's a big star now in the morning he brown knows his all the right people in this place he is a superstar he learned that's what mr. z on time i guess that's the thing we would take to make it for all the how do you think he's on the air boy he sucked around with all the right people here for a long time yeah i think i know he the director of sports and entertainment research hey that's the title anyway everybody here's got to try to less the best part the talent don't have any title we're the only ones that have no titles now everybody else is the director of this the producer of that they don't have a title and they all get paid like a buck and a half an hour so we can live without the title we'll give it to you if you make the cash you need the title that's right screw it because most of the people who got titles that make up for their metal insufficiency like programming for example all right i want to say i say what's the everybody that's there happy to be back and everything else okay well you're so pretty happy even though you knew Joe maybe you're happy you got away from have a great day twenty after ten boys these people are ready today i'll tell you that i'm not sure for what what open light it's in boughard county five two four nine four six three five two four wio d i'm sure interested in finding out what happened those four five hearts that were very conspicuous because they had like yellowish labels on them i mean you couldn't listen even rate calls for the bottom easy and they just conveniently disappeared on the same day that i noticed we were showing for a good fat buddy next door the squatter i don't understand they're not here they're just gone and i checked out what a mess in there okay now when they first came here they had a big box recon sudson east to hit here splat the carts around in the box which would be preferable to just jam them all in at middle thing i found one car where the tape is like all looped out and just rolling around but i did not find the rich sense his car so the mystery continues in the search will go on and Yes, he's a man on the mission with a new relief. He just won't wait. Mithi, vine, you've got one lovely knockout. It's not necessary to stop standing performance at the climax of his career. So, fly out of the store and pull out hewitt. All right, I'm quiet. I'll over the steel. Which is where we can see him. Come in the steel, fly out, fly out, fly out, fly out, fly out. I'll be coming alive! If you were here in Germany, record a live at Peewees. Oh, my playout. I'm why he has the name by hand. What's normally in Germany? Now all the whole on high-wax records and say, oh, aaaah. Thank God for Peewee, man. It would've been the most boring two weeks in the history of mankind. Ten, twenty-five at WI-O-D. So, haven't found those carts. We have another massive rich Saint's house cover up. cover up taking place in the world part of it. You believe this? What did he say on those parts? I mean, there's somebody who has a Yankees out of here or somebody is lost them. Okay, children. Hey, Neil, I know you like baseball and sports racing, but do you like them? Of course. I beg your pardon. Do you like them? Of course. Bad scar? No, I prefer radar myself. Okay. And another thing I got to say, yeah, Ron needs to teach tagging. I had the ability to do it. Okay. 1026 in WI. That was from Oki-Chubby by the way. So those of you up there are Pohoke even track them down, beat the crap out of them. Miramar. Good morning. How you doing? I'm doing pretty damn good to be honest with you. Well, I'm glad to hear that. You know, I'm a work all day and I never get to call you in the dirt show. There's no amazing. I know it. It's just the tickles everybody's fancy. Well, it's great because I'm a letter carrier and I've got your radio in my bag. We have a lot of carrier to listen to this show. I don't want to tell you what they're carrying, but yeah, right. Hey, um, one of these things I was thinking about while listening to your show a lot. Yeah. During the world when everybody was really electronic, you know, trying to get to stand and all this. You used to play a lot of cards that were related to war efforts. Yeah. And one of the ones that I really used to think was great was the Chamberlain thing and one of the all-time rate of birth thing was the kind of reminding people, you know, oh, sir. Spare me. There we go. Don't understand where you are. Don't you understand the real world? I know. That's past day now. It was all fast and we'll jump on the bandwagon. Even I got cut up in certain aspects of it. There were all full of cramps. No, they're onward and I poured with Madonna and, you know, all the other cramps. Well, maybe you got to Rizetta Barron, did you? Yeah, my do it. There you go. Oh, can I call a couple people do that? Sure, go in and have. All right. My brother, Neil. You're a desegged. And again, at access test. You're a dirty double test. Okay. Bye. See you. There's another lot of those carriers. 1027 at Wild. We have an open line in date County 751. Do it fast. So I think we ought to have a big major tribute to Rick Sanchez today on here. We ought to have like a 3.5 hour tribute because he's a great guy as much misunderstood. And when you squat that long, it starts affecting your brains. Especially when they're located where his arm. Mobile in North Miami. Hi, this is Ray. How you doing? You know, I believe it's what I'm in the 79th street bridge. I can't believe the Ray. Yeah, I'm coming over. I got two checks for you for the van. Great. Ray. Can I come for a shirt? Sure. What's the title of the first I got to talk to? The title of the person is the shirt director. The shirt? Because we got more shirt in this place, man, and you're obviously. But you really have shirts? Yeah. They got them all around. In fact, if we don't have an Alex to give you the one right off his back. Okay. Thanks Ray. It's gone great. All right. Okay. What's the total? 12278. Hey, we're in Wild camp. We're there. We're doing it. All right. See you Ray. Okay. No. 1028. You know, I discovered yesterday that Andy Calb turns out to be a real sleazebag. We always thought it was okay because he was a short little forfe guy. He was taking such delight. And the fact that Cubs will get in their brains picked out of me yesterday. Now, how did that game in any way shape or form affect the Metz? Did not all. The fillies and the cubs. And he kept wanting in here, laughing and puking and carrying, oh, it's five to one. I'll take the one. And then to make matters worse, the Metz beat the pirates. I'm kind of happy about that because I'm sick and tired of Chuck Meyer and his condescending attitude. So I really am. They've been, you know, chicken has they've been winning every day. And now all of a sudden they lost like nine of their last eleven and they're playing like split shot ball bonds gets picked off. Faze. They look like crap, Chuck. They look like crap. Slump had a pleased with that because this weekend we'll take care of the Cubs again. The Emez again. Now we will take care of the Cubs ourselves. Maybe we could start Danny Jackson again. Maybe we could throw it. We could pitch subtletlete today. Danny Jackson again tomorrow. See Danny goes out there. He pitches three in and he even gives up two runs or a hundred runs. He goes out pitches three innings. He's got into something for that ten measure. Right, Woody? You bet you. Starlines open Star IOD by the way. Yeah, I want to compliment you. What do you mean? Yeah, what do you mean? Yeah, like that was an important announcement. Woody? Was important announcement? Yeah. Oh, okay. Well, you know, what happened in my Rick Stages tapes? Woody? I see. What happened to those Rick Stages tapes? Uh, I think, you know, Rick Riley, Adam. Oh, I'm serious. Where did those disappear to? They were like four or five tape tapes. Have you heard of you? Have you heard of you? Have you asked Nick Stewart? They got him. I mean, there was nothing that was said on the well-shoed. They were all kind of embarrassing for him. But that's, you know, he didn't lose or he might have taken a more embarrassing than that. Really? I mean, there's nothing that he hasn't already said or done on it. Right, that isn't embarrassing. Really? But I got, I got to tell you that I was driving a night 75 yesterday. Yeah. And about the 12 new news, when you started playing the airplanes through Tom Roberts, you know, traffic report? And I just tracked me up so much and he hadn't acted it. I noticed this morning, I'm coming to work and I hear one of the sky, one, two, three and four people saying, now there's no Golden Glades as clear this morning. No jam up. And I know, I know definitely that's a response to my ripping them in hands. And guess what? For once they were right, there wasn't a dog on the Golden Glades up with two there about 95. Well, you started to put them on their toes, so to say. Yeah, right. They are so full of crap. You know, they think they can get away with it because they basically have a monopoly in the market. They're on every station in town. And man, you know, get many crap we want to believe it. You got it. About time somebody called them for being a bunch of phonys that they are. Every time I'm on the, that's out 60 highway on the, um, at, you know, five or six of clock, they always say it's all backed up through the city and then you find like, yeah, we got your plane right over here Joe. Yeah, I almost ran into a Howard Sheriff's deputy who's clapping so hard, you know, we did it. I mean, I just, that was just one of the great moments of radio. Well, give it a shot again. Okay. All right. I'll try it again. And go giant and take out your big doos bag. Okay, what are you? There's no thank you, Neil. You control yourself, way. How dry, yeah. My, you're rid of that stupid pony tail. 1032 a WIO day. There's an open line in date County 7519463 a piggy port in the Gables. I deal. Thanks to rounded people's, uh, the lead seat against the look of the chief. Yeah. Anyway, careful shows today. I guess so. Okay. 10th, or it was great up until I call 1032 there's an open line in the star line at star iod. Let's go to call spring. Hello. Yeah. And, um, somewhat like a particular port. Well, please, this. Rob. Rob. You're going to be a little chronic, you know, a rhyme. Boy, summertime the sunny shine and the birds are dropping it on the cars and you're like calling a show every day, Rob. You need to go out there and get a little sun tan, the lexasize. Why do you there? Oh, after the show. Okay. That's all right. Well, the lexasize it after the show. Yeah. Okay. Remember the two lives, the dining of the two? No, I never heard of it. Well, um, we don't, we don't play black music on this day. Yeah, I know, but that's the WIR. When Nick Navarro down there. Never heard of him. You want to guy with white here. I know he's sunny over at the market. Never heard of two live through Nick Navarro. So what's the point, Rob? Come on. You can do it. Don't be intimidated now. Stand up like a man. So, um, over at sense it was there and for us, I saw once like a pop girl over by. They saw one of the danceiers. You wanted to stay and tell me, so the one tape and left her to the end. Yeah. Well, he was just taking one home for his family. Let's go. What a jacket. What a jacket. Sir, you know, Rob. Now you get warm. Yeah. Exactly. That's my sentiments precisely, Rob. Well, let's get a grip on yourself and have a great weekend and get out of this handed, where you will get inspired with 1034. We have an open Donovan put him on again. We have an open line in Broward 5249463 524WI G. If you're going to be out shopping around for a used car this weekend, I got a little friendly piece of advice for you. Call the auto critic and have them check it out along with you before you put Donovan because buying a used car is like playing automobile roulette. Man, it's usually in herding somebody else's headaches. And I would say nine times out of 10. There are hidden problems with use cars that you're never going to find out until it's too late. When you've already signed and made the deal and you're already committed to make it a payments. So instead of getting ripped off when you buy your next used car, called the auto critic, the conducted unbiased 90 point bumper to bumper analysis. They will analyze it from heads to toe, from front to back, from top to rear of any vehicle and just about an hour they have a fleet of mobile vans that come right out to wherever that car is to the dealer to a private home to a used car, or whatever it might be. And the use only ASC certified technicians will do that 90 point bumper to bumper analysis and give you the load on whether you're getting a great deal or a lemon. Okay, it's only 79.95, a mighty small price to pay when you can save lots of grief and maybe thousands of dollars in future repairs. The auto critic, check them out in date called 592-763-5927623 in Broward 772-6590-772-672-6592-6592. This in P.P. You've seen the TV commercials now, I'm Joey Shitwood and his big wheels. Teach you how to do it. Thanks, give me a gas. And you can make right coupons. Heard it, but we'll have rain on us. Oh, say two-fog. After just one week of Joey Shitwood's brave who bomb stunts driving school, he'll be swapping spicy-de-john with a pig. Really? Joey Shitwood. King of the 85 mile per hour, condiments dropped. See if you've got what it takes. Cut the monster. 21 to 11 at WIOD, so they've all disappeared. I've checked everywhere that could possibly be. We have another Rick Sanchez couple of. Isn't it interesting how he's got these connections? No matter what kind of track she leaves behind, what little pile he leaves in the yard. Somebody always seems to come along and cover it up. Hmm. Miami. Neo, how are you doing? Okay. Pretty good. Yeah, pretty fair. I got a starter for police. Yeah. I found all with those cards. Yeah. They're installing fitters first. They're in her purse? Yeah, they're in the purse. I thought you're going to say something else. Get the paramedics again. Wow. Did he got him, boy? Okay, we'll sharpen up that needle shall. Maybe we can play him out from next door. Okay, sure. Great call. Two upper lines of dates. Somebody just panic when he said that. 751 WIOD, let's go to Davy. Uncle Neo, how are you doing? I'm doing it. Sounded great today. Well, that's good. Push the Neo C yourself. It's going to be conducting a Nazi Germany TGI set point tonight between 11 PM and VAM and one of the larger Hillbass 441 more sounds. Great. So, uh, Vic Santos, if you're listening, uh, stay out of the lot of Hillbass. Could you back to your image piece back? Okay. Thanks, Neo. Thank you, sir. Great job. The BSO striking terror into parts from coast to coast. All we got to are a bunch of lame idiots sitting back at the man. What are we going to do? What are we going to do? One of the first missions of the Santa Rosa County Sheriff's Department in Novarrol Beach, or is that Novaray Beach? What the hell is that? Since the legislature passed a boundary change, the shift to that community from Estambia County has been an undercover operation aimed at curtailing nude sunbathing. What we've been doing, we've been doing covertly Sheriff's Captain Terry Hardy explained saying there have been some arrests. There haven't been a lot of marked cars or uniformed officers. He said, in order for us to fight out what's going on down there, we have to be able to be there without anyone knowing we're there. So, another crack and out down on the nude Baylor's in Novarrol Beach in Estambia County. Hallelujah. What a great state, huh? The police state. We're doing it. You just marked my words, okay? You can laugh all you want when I talk about the passport and I read that out goldstein and the twirl from screw magazine. Yes, that's pretty funny. Yeah, right. Would they drag your ass away? Don't be calling us on the air and bitching about it. Okay. Cross brings. Yeah, yes, sir. I heard you were up to KVDOM. Oh, that's terrible. Terrible. Do you want anybody? No, sir. You gotta be kidding. Fuck, I never went up to KVDOM. Terrible play. Wait, you think you're fixed up there? I didn't say that, sir. Well, I'll be at for me to make any accusation. He like that. Hey, listen, and you ever eat at a plate right outside a Rochester called the Maplewood. Yeah. Nine O'R. There's anything. Great food. You have rough Rochester. I think I've been there a long time ago. Very, very good. Well, that's good. Hey, listen, crack off somebody to do shit. 1042 at WIOD. We have an open line at Broward 5249463 524 WIOD. Clear water. Hey, Neil, how you doing? I'm doing okay, sir. I'm talking a long time. I used to live down there. I moved out, I moved the tarot soda for a while. You moved the two-wheel things are getting pretty hot over there. Yeah, it is. They have nothing to do over there. So, you know, you heard the things he just heard that people repire when they go, you know, they'd put a go to retire, whether mothers and fathers repired and Sarah soda. That is correct. They're dead. That grandparents. That great grandparents retired as Sarah. Sorry, so that. Yeah, my buddy Mark at the Mercedes dealer down here since he takes everyone for the while, so I can still keep track of what he's going on down there. That's the same old craft. Not to race here. It's not very dangerous. The radio appears about the same except for your show down there that the what's the traffic is the same. They don't have the clue. They're on 50 different stations with 40 different names. They don't know what's it going. Yeah, I bet you might patch them as on down there too. He probably is. What does baby? Probably CD Schwartz on a year over there. The full of crab time Roberts, so here, not full of anybody, a fat slob. Yeah, they're, what they can add airplane, they get confused. You know, and they don't know. Hey, how can you really tell them? When you're a little bit far up in the year, you look down. Yeah, that's the problem there. Playing that's like cruising at 37,000 feet. What the hell are they going to see? You know, the what's going on? Do you know anyway, you're doing a great job for the, that's enough. While we're trying like, tell it's, you know, a tough thing just to come from out of the blue and ask for 24 grand. But I would, we're plugging away. Yeah, I listen to the tape. I think it was from last Monday. I was looking at that on the way in this morning about our buddy Greg, whatever they're getting, plump off the light bulb. No, he's not that was a false rumor planted by somebody inside. I don't want to mention Steve's name, but the water didn't have desperately and he's still on there. He's still plugging away with his, uh, you mean Steve's the dood that came and that guy in New York, he's down there now? You didn't know that? Oh, he got blown out of New York in a matter of months. What do you do put him to sleep up there? Yeah, they didn't have enough of those, uh, one or two many urine leave he shows. Of course, if I had a choice, be clearest in the Howard Stern Don, I'm a sister, King, that would be a tough one. Yeah, I'm a sister, really good. Yeah, you're right. And at the end, they got that F.A.N. radio up there. That's right. And they actually promote the personalities up there. I, they keep on a meds broadcast that he's talking about. I miss they got all these characters and billboards. They actually believe him promoting the personalities up there. And he comes on and he rips the hell out of the meds and the sports staff and they love it. You know, that's right. Here, we don't want to promote the personalities because somebody might find out they were here. So we talk about news weather and traffic. Oh, yeah, I lame. Oh, listen, you just reminded me, you know, Howard went on the air in Los Angeles. Howard Stern. Oh, on the, the way he's doing it. Right. It's a time of cast of what he's doing to fill in Washington and the K Rock in New York. So he's on an LA. And so the first person he started ripping out there and justifiably so was Tom like that. Like us. Remember Tom look at us from he was here for a, yeah, yeah, where did he go to Chicago? Right off to a, no, he's at our sister station KFI. Another Cox Broadcasting embarrassment out there. Oh, yeah. So guess what KFI's managed and told Tom like is what that you can't respond. Don't mention Howard's name. Just ignore it. Now isn't that typical isn't that just the Cox Broadcasting way ignore it? Oh, yeah, like nobody's going to for somebody might find Howard if like his mentions his name on either. Oh, man, these people if they knew anything about radio, it would hurt them. The only thing they know is to put on a bunch of slush out there on a coast in LA and make 37 million a year from it or something like it. So all they can do is put on a bunch of CDs and sharpen up the needle. Oh, well, I'm working to the five guys dinner waiting for some parts so I better get back to them. Okay, get your ass to work and have a great day. I'm talking to you. See you. 1045. Yeah, like you still mentioned Howard. Man, it's been a lot of people get all paranoid and upset up there just like they do here. Hold on, much and Steve on here. Oh, God, these people are such a bunch of whims. Two open lines are both in Broward at 5249463, 524WIOD. That's when you see the two lines like that. That's the sure sign that we're just beginning to start eroding for the day. But I don't care. We got just tons of car. Even without without the Rick Sanchez car doesn't that strike anybody is being a little bit mysterious. I'm not making it up. We had those little drop-ins. They were pretty amusing and abusing. Look at that and the toll free lines open too. So now we were sizzling all morning and now while they're coming back a little bit. But strikes me as pretty peculiar. And especially, I only tuned in and bits and pieces. Maybe we need a spy report. But what there must have been something that preceded or went around Rick Riley. And here we just had him bunched up a little bit and he's sucking around defending Rick Sanchez defending the indefensible. If you go see return to the blue lagoon, be sure where those no zipper jeans. Let's go to four water nails. Hello. How are you doing? Pretty good. First off, South Cliff is the anti-Christ. Who is South Cliff? Oh. Storydard's 3 game slots. Yeah, he does have three little sixes under his beard. And that's his earned run average to a 66.6. Next, I do have a dish for dinner. They get to catch all the games that you want to see anywhere. Yes, sir. And yeah, what do we have a day against there, right? Three, 20 Eastern daylight time. WGL. We like it. So I ask you anything is anyway. As a matter fact, the meds fans, I believe gets screwed again today because I think I heard Ralph say last night, it's going to be on Sports Channel New York again, which is F47. If you have a satellite dish, if you don't, you're screwed down here. That's it. Not about it. Also, I'll see it in this morning. In New York City, the other big protest, something about P. We play with P. We Day here. Right. I don't know. 500 people out there are playing with P. We. 10. Try out a button. We're a button. James. What's about it? New York. Have a good day. And the same to you, sir. Take care. See you. 132 at WIOD in a country filled with hypocrites and the assholes. An open line in Broward 5249463. And we'll go to Miami and say, when is the as? Yes. This is my first time on. And I have to take it. Oh, man. I'll tell you Alex, you're really doing it. I think Gary Mills had a point. What is it? Well, I think that he would have when he had button flies. He would never get a thing out of there. How old are you, sir? I'm 12. Yeah. What? You know, I think he's in the river. I think you got a zipper fly. I don't think there's any question about that. Yeah, man. I think it just got stuck. Bad. Big time. What do you have against I don't have anything against because you want to hear five year old kids calling it on a radio. But I don't see there. You go. We like to talk to somebody more mature and intelligent like you, sir. There you go. Not got caught in a tent. If your voice gets any higher, man, they're going to come to inspect. See if there's anything there. Okay. I think you're better quit while you're ahead. We had to play that song. He's an old smoothie for that kid. One third, he's like, we got that Michael Z. Fox syndrome. You know, there's just nothing there. Just a smooth spot. Jamie Neals. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, Neil. Yes, I am. Hi. This is Jamie. I'm from Gene Stiles, the Rich and Famous, and I can give you a pretty good rundown on the story of the button bus front lady. Gene Stiles of the Rich and Flaming. Yeah, Rich and Rich and Thymus, yeah. Hi, sir. Just like the Italian, it can show. Yes, sir. Well, uh, first of all, the button front was originally a farmer's genie. It was the original Levi gene. Yes. That's worn by Levi Harner at the TV down. Okay. And they became, they became collectors items in Europe. And people were, were buying our used button front genes over here and taking them back to Europe. And it became a style. Yeah. And it's still a major style over there today. Most of, most of our the years. Maybe that's why there's that big sign over the stalls in Europe, I saw it. It says European. Yeah, that's over the top of each stall. Little instructional information, I guess, for us Americans. Uh-huh. So anyhow, they became that famous over there. And we started shipping the used genes to Europe. Uh, then New Yorkers and Californians who came to part of Europe. Of course, you're on here. So do they got a big sign over the stalls as European or you're in trouble? Yeah, that's, that's a little bit of a story. Wow. So, where is this all coming from? They're just flowing out like from a magic flood somewhere. Yeah. Well, well, actually what's happened is they're now starting to become famous here. Actually, the New Yorkers and the Californians started a follow the European style. Yeah. And then the gay community started to make them famous down in Florida. Yes. And the story that Sunny told you, oh, no, sorry to guy previously told you about the romantic bit of unbuttoning the fly. Yeah. We've heard that story, you know, many, many times. There are guys who are not any romantic about tugging at each one of those damn things when you're just really desperate to check out what's in there. Is nothing romantic about it all believe me? Well, I trust reading yourself. I don't know. I stopped my scene, but especially when they don't want to give you any hope. You know, just to sit back. Okay, go ahead. Oh, right. I hear what you're saying now. The ladies want them now. The college girls want them. And they want them ripped and torn. We get twice as much money for a youth. But the front juniors we get for a perfect regular leave. I'll be damned. Well, I guess like Cassini said they're making a fashion statement. Yeah. A bad one. Uh-huh. Well, Jamie, you've been a real tweet. Let me tell you that. Okay. I'm going to go home and put on my book. Bush good. Just have a great weekend. Okay. New York. Good afternoon. Good morning. I'm sure one 36 Jamie Nels from Gene Styles of the right. Oh, it Alex puts lifestyles of the Richard famous on her. Boy, you are you're so gullible man. They can tell you anything like these little six year old kids that said either 25. It's one 36 at Wild. So you're having a limited time only sale at Montenegro. Where you sure are. It is so hard. Here's my story. It's not much room. I said the Der Husband Scotch words would never be cut dead wearing a button flying. I said, well, why is he so honest and open about these things? He said he don't have much to hide. 17 till two. And what is Jewish? What do you expect? Fort Lauderdale. Hello? Yes, I am. Yeah, this is about the button flying. Okay. I'm originally from Montana. Yeah. That was my first exposure to the button flying. Your first exposure to the button flying. That's an interesting way you put it. I was only about 11 or 12 when the hormones were starting to go and my older sister had a boyfriend that always were buttoned down flying. Wow. And it was always just really interesting. You know, and later on I always always suggest that my boyfriend would try wearing them. Yeah. And a couple of my boyfriend were really, you know, strict about the kind of jeans that they'd wear. One wore rain glurs. Oh yeah. Yeah, they wore a fashion statement. Yeah, they're the other one. Well, Montana. Exactly. Like in view. Yeah. But anyway, they're just such a difference. You know, between a man and a regular zipper and then the really button down flying. Well, what's the difference? Well, it just look at it. You know, you just see the camera. Oh, you mean look at the fly? Yes, you can see it. I see. You know, it's the way it is. It's the shape. So in other words, it is a statement. Well, I don't know. You know, the guy that called in about the jeans of the rich and famous. I don't know. You know, what? Because I left Montana and went to Europe in the military. And I knew they did have a big thing for our jeans. They'd trade just about anything to get a pair of button down flying. Well, I think we've tapped into something really incredible here today. I don't think it is a fashion statement. I think it is a psychological thing. I think once a man gets a pair of these jeans on, it just feels a power. It's kind of like what they say at the funeral parlour. It's just going to task it, check out our basket. Yeah, exactly. It's like, you know, well, it kind of gives them a little extras. It's kind of like a woman wearing a padded bra. I see. That's what I thought. So in other words, what you see may not be what you get. Right, right. But women seem to go for that. And then once the men get them on, they're all of a sudden they got all this power and, you know, they can just. Okay. There's a little suggestion. All you guys try this weekend, the button fly. You may be flying all weekend. It can change this whole limit. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Why? There it is right from Montana, a psychological statement. Not just a fashion statement, but a psychological statement. She also said a couple of socks can't hurt either. Oh, she's pleased. I just had lunch a little while ago. 145, the one who I OD. I'm telling you, this could be we could do a whole week on this one last week, I guess. Four Lodardale. Hello. What a view. That one. Yeah. As impressed at view. Yeah. And there is a place out there called Crested Butt. And just a question. A call. Right. It called it now. They've instituted the quick official. Right. Yeah. So like they asked all the Jockeys. Anybody got a problem? Right. My question is, I always thought when they had a weigh-in, the weight had to be the same. Well, of course. And if it wasn't, they just qualified. Yeah. I mean, do you know that years ago, I've told a story, but it bears repeating because it was a funny thing about 10 years ago? I had a pretty good bet on a double. And in the first race, the horse that won one by like open, like my horse was second. And I mean, but the first one by like 15 lines. And the results went up on the board and it wasn't official and wasn't official. I'm like, and just sitting there waiting and it was no objection. It was no inquire. There's no nothing. And all of a sudden, like about 15 minutes goes by and they take the numbers down. And they announced that the winner had been disqualified. The Jockey had thrown the weights out and the starting guy had never heard that. I know it's incredible. And it's my horse got my, so my horse, if in a second got the place of the horse. And I hit a real good double. I had about a $5 dollar double was a big one. And I never forget that. It was the one time I've ever seen it. Yeah. I was going to ask you, you know, have you ever heard of that? So somebody is going to have to clarify how they do that. I, I don't, you know, it's always the Jocs of the first three, the horses that are in the money that have to come back and weigh in. Yeah. Yeah. I think in the old days, you know, everybody had a weigh-in, but now it's the first three. Right. But anyway, even if the winner thrown the weights, he results a refitial now. I don't understand that. You know, they'll disqualify him from perched money, but all right. Poor, you know, that's something a hell of a good way to catch a bed, doesn't it? Oh, to hell with a purse money. They, you're got it. Well, I'm sure that still saw it's been a one of our astute friends. I'll call them. I'm wondering if I had to put it in. I said, you have friends at least we can put, and you know, you're right, you know, to hell with the purse money, just people betting in only game rooms and taxes and Vegas now. You bet. Uh, another comment. Yes, sir. You were at a town list week, but called I had 13,000 on Sunday. I don't know if you comment. Well, they had because they had that tote bag anyway, that I pumped the hell out of even though I didn't need to, but yeah, they had that big credible crowd. 25 dollar tote bag. Those were gigantic bags. Then it grew as a big bag. A lot of gigantic bags. Usually it got streamed. There was a lot of hope. Yeah, but all right. Take it. Okay, see you. Well, we better check that out. I wonder if John Stamos on the beach there on MTV is wearing a button or a zipper fly. I guess we'll find out during the break. 148 at WIOD and right now every sticking toy at a dealer at town is trying to unload their 91 models. So for initial investment, I told you they're, they get the deal for carrying certain, you know, per subscriber, like with Turner, they, uh, then they sell advertisement. So the number was that local avail and you pay. Yeah. So they pay three ways. Three ways. Now who ever heard of such a thing? I know. At the phone company and if you look, I'm sending you a bill to listen to WIOD, okay? By the minute, they get paid one way FPL phone company, one one income, cable has and then like us charging you for hooking up your radio so you can hear WIOD. That's pretty good, right? 45 and let's go to a mobile and Palm Beach, Chelo. Okay. I come the other, is a wrestling network. Really? There is. I was all in the night. Well, if anybody should know Palm Beach County should be into whatever. Uh-huh. I come the other, can you do me a favor? Yeah. I'll hit the comment brother with two spags. Okay. Hey, if you're on two spags. Hey, FPL, you feel better now? Uh-huh. Okay. Now you just, that was it. 35 cents a minute. Yeah. Well, in Palm Beach, all there was a great speaker of Easter. You had a bit on the floor. There was a great story on Channel Four News last night about how Easterness coming up with these reduced fares to New York now $49 one way and they were taping out at the airport and there was this one guy, a French man who had bought his tickets to go home. He was stranded because his tickets were worthless. Oh, my. And he was stranded here and he was trying to get back. What got me upset to be got the president. The president can't get home. I'm gonna have precedent. The, and they were talking about the new $49 one way to New York fears and they asked him if he would take advantage of it. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, I got no more money. No, no, not for me. Uh-huh. And I just about, uh, think about the floor with this wonderful French Canadian. Now, I guess if they would have paid him to go back and we'll consider it, Bully-ah, and you want to call us, we'll take up a collection.