What was seven at WIOT? What's in the thing here? John Feinberg from first-class travel was a wonderful guy in generally a pan and he asked, just came in and gave me my official Atlanta Braves cap, the black ones with the World Series cap, autographed by Jot Turi. And it says to Neil, up yours. Now it says that John says you're the greatest and silly Jot Turi. Well, I'd never liked you, Joe, but thanks. And here's, I'll get to the other stuff I'm going to John, leave me alone. And look what just came in an envelope here from Hulligan's Pobb and Oyster Bar at 95-55 South Dixie Highway in South Miami is, oh boy, an envelope inside is a, oh it's a, it's a, what would you call this? I mean, it's a Tamil Hawk, but I mean, what is a, well, it's not a former, but like former, it's like cheaper than that. But it's a former, former Tamil Hawk. Oh, look, oh, and what happens if you hold it this way? But anyway. That looks like the state of Florida, kind of. But anyway, it says today's bribe. We just received the official land of Braves World Series. Toma, oh, these are the ones they give away at the stadium. Well, beginning these away free tonight, starting at 8pm at all Hulligan's locations until they're gone. Yes, we support the cardiac graves. Thank you for consideration. J. Something. Boy, you got J. Love? J. Love Louis. Yeah, I don't know what says. I can't read your head right, J. But thanks again. So anyway, you can go out there and watch the game in Hulligan's to get bombed, and you won't see all the Braves getting picked off face and making stupid bonehead plays, and they'll still win the game. And they're giving these away free at all Hulligan's starting at a clock to learn going. They're the official styrofoam. That's what I was looking for, but that's not right either. Custarra, former solid. What is it? It is former. And well, if you squeeze it, look what happens. But anyway, that's great. Thank you so much. Braves, Cap, I got my Tomahawk. I'm doing my chop. I'm chopping it. And also, Jay. So anyway, John, a fine bird from First Class Travel, they still have tickets for the Knights World Series game in Atlanta. Believe you're not the first class travel. And you can still catch a flight out of here. Yeah, this flight's out here. There's one at four and there's one at six to Atlanta. So there's anybody interested that can make a deal for it. You just take tickets to get into the ballgame tonight. If you got that last minute World Series fever, call 4443-3 thousand. They'll fix you up. He also left me a hazelnut and said he wanted me to crack it on the year. I got his for a John. I bust him on the year every day for four hours here from 10 or two. I don't need to bust any yours. How would you crack that anyway? I'm not into crackin' that's on the year. 10 after one at WIOD. Here's a lady in four-laternal beach. Hi. Hi. I'm calling about the lottery tickets. Yes. Up north cold and they wanted 300 of them. You could have made some serious money. I said, I have to be in line all day. I went around a corner and only took about three or four minutes to most get 300 of them. Really? And it wasn't one person in line. We won't say where it was, though, because then it'll spoil it if you want to go back. I can now it's just down here on the beach. It's not as tacked everywhere that you want to go. You know, it's like all the people. Right. The places to go are not convenient stores. In fact, when I bought them last year, I bought them at a shop. It's kind of like a stationary and gift shop. Yeah. And they had little logo that we sell lottery tickets on the window, but most people don't know it. And you go in there and there's nobody in there. Right. Exactly. Oh, you've brain. What a genius, huh? Yeah, I think. Okay. Well, I hope you win. Just remember me if somebody... I'm the only mole up north. Well, just tell them to remember us. Hi, what else? Okay. Thanks. And after one at WI did look at that three open lines on the board and the midst of all this frenzy man, I don't know. I don't see. We're going into one direction and these people are all going in the other direction. We're going north, they're going south. Here's a lady in Lighthouse point. Hi, hello, Mr. Rogers. Hi. I don't have anything in common with football or baseball, but I want to tell you this. Yes. You have a heart. Is it? I don't know what because you tell the right kids. Right. You know, I'm a little bit afraid of the first person. Yes, man. When it comes to the police, you know, just because they were a bad kid, I have a God, you know, that's God. They still put their pantaludies on one leg at a time. That's right. You know, what made me say this, oh, there was an accident yesterday. Yeah. And I stopped a look. And one of the don't, you know, turned around and it's me what the hell was I looking at? Yeah. I mean, damn, it's a free country. I've a flip one finger up in a year and said, look at this, dude, bang. That's what you should have done. But it's a good thing you didn't because you'd probably be on the inside right now. Right. I have three small children. Right. I don't need it. But honey, you are what's happening. I am. Thank you, dear. Thank you. Have a great life. 12 minutes after one. Wasn't she wonderful? Let's talk about a wonderful thing that's happening. Well, listen, before we talk about Friday tomorrow night at Pompanow Park and Breeders Crown tonight, they got a great card with two great stakes races. There's a three-year-old Philly stake in the seventh race with closing spot on the Railwood John Hogan and then a great two-year-old Colstake with a $41,000 person, the ninth race featuring Gittilongers in there. Look out for Barbara Hall and Goldsignette and Peter Fella and PJ's Bobby Sox and nice field in there too. So that's kind of like to wet your appetite for tomorrow. The biggest night of the year in harness racing anywhere at Pompanow Park, the nearly $3 million in versus eight outstanding races, championship races with the best two and three-year-old Trotters and Paces in the world. All at Pompanow Park tomorrow. Don't forget early post-time to Bar Knight, 7pm. Also the pick eight, which you can bet tonight when you go out to Pompanow. You can advance bet on the pick eight, which is all the eight breeders Crown events starting in the fourth race. And you've got, I mean, all of the top horses are going to be out there. You're going to have dial-offing and arts place and miss easy. And some outstanding two-year-old, you've got Cookout with the Berett Lundsted, who had such a fantastic elimination victory last week in 156 and 3. And you've got Mr. Chin with Sunny Patterson and Jack Moisef has got eight or six out of the 80s got drives in. So if you're looking for a price, he's got some great, you know, Jack. He's always going to sneak when in there. So mad at with Tommy Houtton and the summer child with Richie Silverman and ghostly. And of course, like I said before in the 10th race, that two-year-old Colton Gelding Pays direct flight with Ronnie Pierce, who's one-eight in the road. Dig around her with Doug Brown Sportsmaster Ronnie Wapels. Scooters boy with Norm McDite, you've got John Campbell and Michael Chanson, Jack Moisef and Kat Mansey and all the top names in the sport are here together for the biggest night of the year tomorrow night. So if you go only one-night a year, look at that joy dance season here. If you go one night out of the year to harness racing, even if you're not a regular fan, this is the night tomorrow night. Don't forget early post-time 7 p.m. we got the pick eight on all the eight readers crown events. It's as good as it gets. I mean, this is going to be a night so exciting that you're going to kick yourself if you miss it. Well, look for it tomorrow night for a breadest crown in every night Wednesday through Saturday, regular post-730, but don't forget tomorrow night early post at 7 p.m. at Pomodo Park. Hi, this is 25x. I listen to your Rogers because I can hear the word asshole. In that book I made it clear. The magic bud was a little man is where I see it. The magic bud at Roger Dolltree I sometimes stay. The magic bud I like is walking I like his hair. The magic bud I watch his jeans when he's struck. The magic bud I just love is magic bud. The magic bud when we're on tour I just hope. The magic bud you'll use his grip and drop the soul. The magic bud I see him on. I see him on. The magic bud I see him on. The magic bud I see him on. The magic bud I see him on. Thank you Tom you're always up for it. Let's go to a dear field. Hey, there's rises to the occasion yesterday. I got a couple things about the CME deal. First off I've seen it last night. I think what CME deal was a sham. But people got a real idea to do this. Some pointed a missing it. First off the other professional football player. I don't want to say it's only a game because it's only a game because I'm into the series. Hey, brave. Let's not forget that we're not talking to a major catastrophe here. They lost the football game. I agree with the first call. The game wasn't done in one play. To Basque Mon. One 18 at WIOD. They don't seem to understand that it doesn't matter where it compops up in a conversation. It doesn't get on the air. You know, you wasted the previous 40 seconds. But have a nice life. Punk, slime ball. Hope somebody comes over to your house with a coke bottle and gouges. Your nose, that's what you look like a lane-ed tour with a screw-down. North Miami. Hello, Neil. How you doing? Okay, listen to I have a watch in Channel 4 with Segretto. He's definitely a major douchebag. It's twice as weak as that. Brian and Cron. I'm curious about what you're hearing about people's feelings. Let me ask you something. When I came here, I didn't want to sign to hear about the fans feelings when he held him up for big bucks. I'll be drafted immediately and give a crap about anybody's feelings. All he wanted was, hey, give me the big bucks and I'll sign on the line, man. Give me the money. Right. You bet. But I mean, twice this week is the easy. Please put this thing on with you with the radio shows you're the radio with your day mod. You know, wait a minute. Are you saying that Segretto put the piece on? Why is on his sports? I mean, the sports is only three or four minutes long. Show us some sports. I'm not talking about this guy. Exactly. Exactly. What the, I mean, how much do we see? Did he have any piece on a breeder's crown this week at all? Oh, man. Now I'm going to go nuts. It's not bad enough. We know is a gacky and mandatory. Never go to put anything on. Because they know nothing about it. They don't give a crap. Right. Except what they are interested in, which is strictly a one dimensional. But I mean, here's the guy who's supposed to be the only time Tony Segretto ever really got interested in the harness racing with the couple years he drove in the media race. And we had to see himself promote showing him driving in a media race. And he's out there, pop at a park. But unless they're promoting themselves and tuning their own horn and tuning something, then they won't give anybody any publicity and sucks. And you talk about bush league. That's bush league, Tony. Okay. I don't know. Just like the Miami girls getting worse than Channel 7 or Channel 4. What do you watch? Channel 6, right? I watched six a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. So, I mean, the two of you don't hit him. You're doing so good sports anchors in town on TV. Who are they? Who are they? That's what I want to know. Yeah, I don't know. I wish they, the gacky man is Segretto. Good to port of Miami and not take a boat somewhere. We're not picking on you, Hank. We don't consider you, Hank. Well, all right, we'll meet. Thanks, Greg. Hank is a great guy. I mean, he and I disagree in a lot of things. We have our goal, Rose. But I like Hank. Even though he thinks I hate him, like poison. I think Hank's a super guy. I'm a big Hank Goldberg fan. Sometimes he just full of crap and he gets upset. Yeah, well. And sometimes I'm full of crap and he gets upset. But then it's usually him. Oh, he's usually, I'm right. Great. Okay, have a great day. Thank you, Bob. Okay. Now I like Hank a lot. Despite what he thinks. Well, he thinks that the reason Hank gets upset with me is because Manny comes in there and gets him all. But you notice how psychotic manny is. Manny used to be a great kid. He was a group. He used to come running around Zayden, hang around and be a pain in the ass. Then all of a sudden he decided he wanted to get into the business. He was in his like I was bored off and then all of a sudden he's hot shot producer. And now all of a sudden, since grade line started working here, I noticed the, there was a kind of a simultaneous reaction. When grade lines started doing Saturday mornings and weekend, What do they call that show? Oh, that's right. And since then, Manny just hasn't been the same. He's been all psychotic and bad on the shape. So to speak. 21 after one, a WIOD, read the biggest movies all the time. At Pitches, Florida's original music and video superstar, I bet you get sick and tired of going to your local video rental store and never finding the movie you want to rent. They got 80 billion movies and the one you want never there. Well at Pitches, you'll always find the movie you're looking for. It's guaranteed. That's right. Pitches guarantees the top 40 movies are always available. Or when it does come in for you, the rental spree. How do you like that? Now on video cassette from live home video, the doors directed by three time Oscar winning filmmaker Oliver Stone, Val Kilmer stars as legendary Jim Morrison, the 60s King of Croc, High Priest of excess and God of Love, the man with the power to shape a new generation. Rolling Stone magazine calls the doors a thrilling assault of the senses, Experience the music, the magic, the excitement, etc. And just fall on your ass. From Carroll, go home video exclusively distributed by live home video, waiting for you to Pitches near you. So stop by Pitches in plantation on university, drive in the fountain shops, Avansura and this game Boulevard and of course for a lot of day on sunrise Boulevard. The original Pitches will be doing our show a week from tomorrow next Friday. Well from the channel 10, I would n't need to get that to kill and hey, where's that going? What's he doing with that machine guy? Oh my god, where's that? Where's that? There was a man with 3D one story after another about Croc and violence. Now she wants to write the role that re-write the news in an old, starring Anficia. Don't you believe me? I'll see you tonight at 5.00. Stop. And oh, she took the news into her own hands. What are you guys going to do with me? When I get through with you, there won't be enough of you left to make a good suit who paid her dime on. Darring and Vigil, also starring Carl Wethers is to a clutter nail and done not spend God knows. There's a stationary grunt out of the middle. And both he's re-romps the news. And all coming soon. What's 26 at Wild? Homestead. Hello from Homestead. Yeah. I have two things for you, Neil. Okay. The other day I was driving up to St. Augustine. And you were trying to think of the group that did the soul bull routine. The soul bull. Yeah, but the comedy take off on a news report for the soul bull. Anyway, it was done by Hudson and Landry. If you remember them. The soul bull. Yeah. Something that we played. No, you didn't play it. Some caller it mentioned it. Boy, some caller. I didn't know what it was. I still don't know what it is. Okay. Well, if you got any Hudson and Landry comedy record. No. Don't have it. It's pretty good. Of course, you got somebody calling it. And the other thing is the young lady that she had the car of this says, you guys are the greatest. Right. Sandy. Sandy exactly. She has the most incredible voice I've ever heard. And I would like to give her my phone number. Well, I don't think Bobby would be too happy about that. He's your husband. I think he'd probably be a well, I didn't know she had a hug. He does happen to be very attractive though. And despite of the fact a lot of the audience hate her like poison. She happens to be very, very nice looking. Yeah, but I didn't know that. And so his Bobby is a matter of fact. They were ravishing couple. So maybe they'll let you stay in a closet and take pictures. Oh, well. Yeah. What can I say? But anyway, that's what I wanted to call about. Okay. Well, put you on the list. Thank you, buddy. See ya. 1, 28, it's 6, 10, W, I, O, D, a lot of horny guys out there. The market is down 25 points. We don't want you to get nervous. We don't want you to panic. There's no reason I mean card dealerships are closing up. Like it's going out of style and retail business. I're going out of business. And people are on their point. And the end is arriving in front of the stadium in Atlanta. But, uh, It's very, very, very. But don't panic. Okay, because it's going to get a lot better. That's what they say in Washington. Kendall. Hi, Neil. Hi. Where are you always so rude? Huh? Why am I rude? Is this the, uh? What, what are you always, uh? Are you calling back from yesterday? Yeah. Oh, this is the bitch from yesterday. Yeah. Is that all you know? I hope that somebody will help them. You're still listening today if we're saying rude. Hey, what you raised by one. How come you are still listening today, bitch, if I'm so rude, you don't like to show you bag? I hope that somebody takes and puts 45 pounds of glycerin in your animal bag. Okay, douche bag. I hope you take a barium animal, the size of Montana, and that 75,000 rodents come screaming out of your rat and fisted body. But you know what? Have a nice day. What? 29 at WIOD? That's the abit from yesterday. And was I right? Was I right about her boy? Can I spot a bitch from a mile away or what? Scum sucking bitch. Hey, listen to truth. She'll set you free and we want to be free. One 29 at WIOD or free for the 90 station. Boka. Hello. How do you like her, sir? What up, bitch? Yeah. Incredible. Unbelievable. The worst. I'd like to wake up next to that every morning, sir. I know thanks. What? Talk about suicide and dozing. You know? So anyway, moving along. I'm just ponding, ponding, confirm that. The grid will report. Yeah. He was on a noon crying again. Today. Today. Again. A lot of people are new. She's got all mighty. Give it a rest. I think it's about time for the public to start demanding that we stop with this crap and get out with some real business and stop annoying the fans and dividing the public and the team and get back to the business of buying lottery tickets in the life and living. That's all we've got to do. We've got the world series. We've got the breeders crown tomorrow. We've got all kinds of important stuff. We've got the breeders cup stud a week from Saturday. All this big sporting stuff coming up and all he can keep talking to try to get about is Sammy Sammy Sammy Sammy Sammy. Sammy. And we've got to feel sorry and cry and get out the crying towel. What is wrong with this man? All it was was this man. There's so much class in this team. There's so much class. Oh, he's full of crap. These are guys that are sitting there on a radio on this station and others telling us if we want a boot to stay home, that's class. If you don't like it stay home, what kind of class is that? No class. Exactly. The F.G. something. Why is Manage on sports talk instead of sunny heresh which used to be on sports talk? Good question. Why have the answer to that? Manage such a pompous act. At least Sunny's got a sense of humor. It's sunny understands it's just a ball game. Then take it also seriously. Well, what's the story behind Joe Rogis on that? No, the station on sports talk. Well, I like Joe Rogis and Joe Rogis over on QAM now and I like Joe Rogis on the edge. Joe Rogis is a hell of a guy and it was a good player and I think Joe is excellent on the ear and I wish we had me or an IOD. I think Joe Rogis does one hell of a job. He tells a lucky day. Yes sir. That's probably why he was fired. That's why he's not here because he's not a paid chill like our guys. All right. Go twin. Okay. Good luck to you. You'll need it. I mean, I think it's about time to drop it Tony and roll up all of it. On. On. There's miss. On board. On board. Burn. We knew that but never knew how to play. I can't believe what happened yesterday. Yes. Today. But play off business. It's so far away. Thanks for standing out there is no way. Oh yes. Today. So. Royale. Why you? I'm thankful when you're paid. Oh go away. But. Can't be. So. Now I love to cry in this old shame. I will say this even though it happened way back on Sunday. There is one problem with that. Thanks for ever to get that taste and smell. How do you say exactly and we couldn't have said a better myself. I'm trying to forget about it. That's why I'm holding my my my Tomahawk here all the way. I think George told me I'm hanging on to the wrong end here. Anyway, it's 133 at W. I would be well. Hey, listen at this point of my life. Anything. Pembroke. Pines. Hello. Oh, not bad. Not bad. I think I'm going to find it be a most of satellite people next week. Great. Yeah. Outstanding boy, you are going to call and just tell us that you're going nuts. If you have time to call after that. Everybody says you're a bags in the yard watching TV on that. Well, we've heard from a couple of bags today. So what's one thing? They like that one that called if you call the girl. The bitch from Cannellon. She's something. She's all up to. She's all bad out of shape. But I'm rude. I do this. But the meantime, she's listening every day. Now she's calling every day. I do a mis-suction. Just to express her disgust with the world of everybody. And let us realize what a crawling piece of slime she is. Dad, I thought they got blown grit and I carted the best part I've heard a while. Yeah. Oh, man. You have the chunks of the ground and that one. Well, listen. When you have a bad bowl of grit, sir. I've got to come out somewhere. That's it. All right. Now, I'll tell you what satellite's like next week. It should be good. Okay. Now you got to get the satellite weekly magazine yet? Not yet, but I will. Do you got the number? Oh, yeah. Okay. I'm telling you, if you want to really enjoy your dish, get the magazine. And then of course, you're going to have to explore around because there's a lot of stuff that's not listed in there. Yeah. And the best part is not be able to call a store and tell them where to Sunday or something. Exactly. Tom, thanks. But no thanks. That's good. Okay. Thank you. See you. 134, WIOD. Grits. I didn't know that for sure that that was Grits, but it sounds like it. It could be. It might be. It could be. We'll check it out. We're checking a lot of things out, too. We're going to be on the way to the right to play on our show on here. What is Tony doing? Try to manipulate and use the show to gain some popularity on there because Channel 4 is lagging ratings on the news. Couldn't be doing that. Could you Tony? You couldn't be manipulating and exploiting the situation. Could you Tony? By using this stuff on here and try to make a little so pop out of it. While pretending so desperately about the same he this and same he that and what a class act because it seems to me that by your aberrant behavior, you're perpetuating the hysteria. Just what it seemed we've been coming down and people are fine to get in their own way. I'm sorry. What's the name Tony? Same different. Boy. 25 till 2 at WIOD to kick off. No, that's why it did. We have an abort off convention there. Oh, that's right. We have Marvin must be down there with him, right? Oh, boy. I close the show. If you suck around long enough, you might put some freebies. Okay, that is just he should be in raford not a key west. Anybody gets old Marvin down there by the way, fix him good. 21 till 2 at WIOD Rick and Sud's life from Key West during fantasy fat that's afternoon and tomorrow afternoon ought to be great. Here's a lady in homestead. Hello. Yeah. A lady in or lady in homestead. Eight times a day song. What? Are you a lady in homestead? No. Well, it says lady in homestead. I says here in lady in homestead. And you said, yeah. That's not I mean, it's wanting to be agreeable, but it's not the thing to go a little get overboard. Yeah, obviously they got it wrong. Well, hey, maybe you just maybe you remember of now. What? National organization of truck drivers. Yeah, well, I want to hear that candy will of song eight times a day. You do? Yeah, I haven't heard it in two weeks. Well, I got news for you. Sir, you're going to hear it today. All right. Because you sound like a great American to me. I'm right. Okay. Hey, and he was very nice and I said a lady in he agreed. He was just agreeable. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Yeah. And it is a lady, I guess. Yes, it is. Okay. I'm trying to think and you know everything about sports. They, like, 61. 1860s or 1760. 1860 Civil War. A blanket, John Wilkes Booth. Okay. Andrew Johnson. Okay. Young man that announced sports in Newgark his first name. Bill Maysard. Bill Maysard. No. No. No. He's name was Bertrand. Bertrand. Bertrand. Bertrand Russell. Bert. The father on the station. Berts is court. Huh? I have no idea. Nobody cares. Well, okay. But somebody somebody will call and don't feel the injected. Somebody will call and then tell. Well, somebody will call in. But if I hang on here, I don't know the I'm not from New York. So I don't know. Okay. Thank you. Somebody will call and trust me. I hope you're ear glued to that speaker. I thank you. Okay. Oh, here's the right way. God. Living in the past, living in the past. God. 141 at 6th, 10Wild. World Series game number five at 805 tonight. Oh, I need your love, John. Yes, you know it through. I hope you need my love, John. We got Ronnie Waples A. Not to mention our own like Wally Hennessey. A. And Kevin Wallace and Porky Pine. I think we had to do something for them. Cheers and a few cheers for 75 years coming up. That's nice. I've been tasting the wine. Do it for all versus grandfierre. Window punch. First mower. And a whole lot more. The 1991 92 season premiere between the Montreal Canadians. And the Toronto Maple Leaf said to you coming back. Gail was good a fest with him with the Maple Leaf. He goes to the right side. I have an old board checking, but smart. Get the pass to the center and move up. Get the way for him. All right, coming forward in a hard center. Let's go for it. We'll put all the Maple Leafs. We think of our 40th season of most in hockey night in Canada on CDC. From the four Montreal. Most in�ia June Sall ofnikówian nosiesарищ seasonically meaning 껴可以 ba Wallshanieu.aces Box. sellers at the versch� posso после fini Or ways to say yeah sir. Boy for the app we're 40 years more than a coincidence at crust I'm one and my friends are the prettiest and the beauty of life. Hello Canada and hockey fans and the United States and Yippon lands and I extra big hello to Canadian servicemen over and say you are your way to the South. Yeah and the question for today is will the Leafs ever win another game? Unlikely, okay now I feel better. For 146 that's another thing you'll ever hear about in this time because they don't have nothing about it. 146 at WIOD, Paul's hair and nails on the water next to shooters in the intercostal mall will do a tremendous job cutting your hair making you look almost human. And right now Paul wants you to try his services by offering you because he knows that money is tighter than a drum than a snare drum offering you a ham price and a haircut for all our knees out there. Just 10 bucks for guys, 1254 ladies and it Paul's you're not going to get these little punky kids that just came out of haircutting school at her like 10 years old. They are really guys who've had years of experience experience style as to give you a full consultation to a great job whether you want a full cut or just a little trim. They won't rush you in and out like those quick cut places. So come by boat or car to Paul's hair and nails. They're open seven days a week on a week and you need to appointment 949 9701. 9499701 you'll find them right between Roots Chris and shooters on the intercostal in the 163rd Street to thing in the intercostal mall actually North Miami Beach called 949 9701 and be sure and mention my name for half price special at Paul's hair and nails and 147 maybe a Steve Ziggler is going to go over there and get his cut 147 a Wild. All is here and although leaves don't fall at thin mazda prices do prices are falling at thin mazda a brand new 1991 Mazda B2200 L. Pickup Loaded includes AC Claude Seeds, Chrome Wheels and more just 79 95 a fall savings at thin mazda a new 1992 Mazda 323 with AC only 79 95 and check out the sleek stylish 91 Mazda Biotta fall price that just 12 9 95 test drive the new MX3 sports group all priced at thin mazda test drive the new 929 luxury sedan fall priced at thin mazda what's more all mazda's carry the thin mazda 3 of 50,000 mile warranty and if the car you want at the price we advertise isn't stock you'll get the same deal when it comes in it's all savings at thin mazda 110 96 the highway is by the falls okay you're next this is this game our there's number 25 whenever you're ready ship between the local sports riders and sports casters and like dolphin coaches and players it disqualifies him as is as unbiased broadcasts on television no objectivity what's so ever nine that's my point on that score now for Kim Robby if he ever gets winded this and I don't know if it's a request is mine if he could either get done should let either resign or firing more request that he resign not is it I mean not as a general manager just as a coach and then trade marino Smith and a few more over expensive players trade marino now here may not know here may out trade marino Smith and if you guys that aren't aren't who haven't produced to the to the you know in other words a lot of people don't know wait a minute I'm listening all right the haven't trouble a stomaching but I'm okay with you that money that he's going to save by these changes to to go into a rebuilding program I think that I think the fans could tolerate oh yeah no rebuilding oh yeah let's face it let's face it how long did this as we've been really close to it to a super baller when when let me say this to you with all fairness okay as an mediocre as the offense has been with all the injuries we've had with all with marino have it an off here and it's by the ball of that we are two series away from being five and three first in goal on the three at Detroit we blew that series didn't get the ball in and then one play yesterday at the goal line were that much away from being five and three well like I say I say the idea that we don't have the town out there we have to just like you know dump everybody out in the start rebuilding I think is ridiculous well I could say I don't profess to be a professional fan or a coach or I mean I'm just a frustrated fan is what I am and I'm trying to look for ways to maybe we could get you know some similar of a contender you know gone but you want to throw the baby out with a huggy's blanket that's not the way to do it Steve well like I said I don't I don't think you can have seen that at half time yesterday when they had the huggy's blanket out there and oh I heard about the little babies crawling on their hands and knees about two inches at a time well they're pennywise although I will say one of the babies look pretty I might have brought that kid in for that one play you know it just strad that ball to his chest well like it's maybe up pennywise and pound foolish but that's why observation well you've always been thrifty Steve make no mistake about okay seven right there you two deal but one twenty seven at WIOD's good guy just a little cheap Jupiter yeah sir I'm doing okay I bet he raised so I've been okay I've been a little wagering on him maybe there you go wait did I never done it back the numbers on the back went on the whole half time we got little kids cry and not only were they not crawled they weren't even moving that was the worst part but the mothers kept come on come on come on and they wouldn't even move off the line that was right well anyway I'm a woman of things to come later yeah I'm a I'm a Washington fan I don't want to rub it in anybody's face but okay um we won't talk about Ernest Biner or John Paul and anybody that's right that's right but my point is that if this guy played in Washington I don't think he would have made it out of the stadium I mean much less just chanting I mean yeah these people are really sad they're vocal yeah I don't I don't understand I mean the guy just totally I just don't understand these people on here at all oh on this station you got to understand there's no objectivity at all like so many of the colors have said you do know with guys who are like personal friends in the virtual shields for anything that goes on and they have no credibility none well there was one other common I wanted to make I I've gone to a couple of dolphin games I've been down here about a year now and uh there's a there's a big difference between the orange ball and joe robin I'm not padding Tim Robby or joe robin on the back by any means but I would rather so I think I spent $22 for an orange ball ticket yeah and $28 for this ticket that's right both were in the in zone cheap seats but I would have rather seen that pathetic game yesterday then see the great hurricane in that stadium you know you know what the fascinates made to show you what a bunch of phony so many people are in this town the orange ball all I ever do was with a used to bitch about it and scream and if we're no toilets and the uh sewage I mean everything was a it was a dump and it's still is a dump and the people used to belly aching carry on and man we don't want to come any orange ball and and now that we've got one of the finest facilities anywhere in the world they talk about oh geez I enjoy those hurricane games so much better than I'm sure they do because they win every guy damn home game they want like you know they play all these girl schools and they want a 40 or 41 on the road home so they enjoy it all over when the girl schools come in only half the seats are filled in the orange ball the orange ball is a dump it always was a dump and anybody who wants to make a story for the orange ball how it has and that's another thing they talk about the orange ball has more character as a different atmosphere well the atmosphere is only created by the people who are in there exactly the ones who make the atmosphere what kind of crap is that right it's it I would have much rather been a Robbie Stadium I mean I took my wife yesterday and she was at the orange ball game that I went to I think they play Houston and it was kind of a blow out but this game yesterday is floppy as it was I mean anybody to pay 19 bucks to go watch the University of Miami beat up on a girl school I mean they must have you know nothing else to do must be boring and they have no life that was my point which is well they have 40,000 people are okay have a good one okay you too yeah oh we have another celebrity on the phone now what has um what has baseball come to when you could just yank the guy off the base and tag him out it's come to the three blind mice I'll tell you something like if you slide into second who is to say the short stop now you're gonna come over there kick your ass throw you off the base and tag you I mean this is getting out of hand well maybe that maybe we need a little more physical activity in baseball now with the people who are more you know to hockey and football but enjoy better we have a little more a history on a little more physical contact kicking and playing a little more grab ass when you talk about covering up for your own did you hear that um fire up in the uh stand talking about oh well he didn't have a possession of the bag and all of the yeah yeah possess this I mean Tommy restorative was like even even his comments I mean did you take a look at Tommy's face I mean I mean I usually try not to his eyes were popping out of his head for crying out loud he couldn't believe it as far as our Sammy Smith goes yes sir the guy is although he didn't play like it he's a professional ball player he gets paid I think that he should expect the criticism and I think he's if you probably talk to him he say hey man you know I mean he I don't know what he's I don't know what he's saved the guys getting paid millions of dollars to go out there and perform and I suppose about always got feelings and he was hurt and he was crying and like hey that goes with the territory that's part of what it's all about it's uh if you can't I mean we don't need a man oh man what about the childish crap with the sagaki and man it's and all these other guys just june on about out of control yeah but um you got you know it comes with the territory you got expecting when you have a bad game you're gonna get some abuse and if you want to stick up from stuff he can prove it that's good right and not only that but let me say this to you the first quarter they were all chanting because he wasn't getting anything done on the ground we want hegs we want it and the fact is that in the fourth quarter when he was getting some good running plays off and making five yards a clip 70 yards the the people were enthusiastic nobody in that crowd was a dolphin fan wants to see Sammy do bad see that that's the point in other words if he'd go out there the next game in one for 150 yards people would be ecstatic but the fact is that he doesn't get the job done and people have just added you remember when nobody is rooting against him and you get that idea by listening to man it's and these other guys that the people are just making it impossible for him baloney they wanted to do well they want us to score some points they want to win that's what professional sports is all about you remember when you wait he's in the handle of punt and then they put him right back in there next play yeah next time you're going to take a point and you miss him all the next time sure do and that's that's basically what we have happened in here I mean I understand trying to rebuild somebody's confidence that not when the game is on the line out with the one out with there's three and a half minutes left in the game is not time for confidence building it's time to score that touchdown stick it in the end zone and win the game I think worry about confidence next time he goes probably with a hit and sat on the goal for it to say let him take it you know but I you know and I'd like to see I'd like to see him go straight through the god damn line instead over and it just for a while yeah that would be nice with that they opened up a hole there you could have driven a Mac truck through by the way but there's nobody talks about that have a great day they get even one thirty four at WIO D I understand we'll get to set up our system today and then we'll just forget about it we got a buy next week we got no game we just talk about the lottery because I'm going to win it nobody is called to give me the information on i95 I mean that's important stuff people that are like have to drive it have to commute every day would like to have some idea what the hell's going on does anybody know did we get any call on it George no that's probably because nobody knows except the DOT we think the people at the DOT by the way make us nauseous and they suck anyway if you're dog food sucks if you just keep trying one different brand after another new dog keeps sticking his nose up in the ear and takes a little bite to the af forget this are you kidding how about trying something that evidently the dogs must love the taste up because my dogs are going nuts over it 222 at WIO D North Bay village are you doing your okay no a little history on Sammy Smith yes sir hey he's junior year college to play the university my name up in power hatty Florida State has to lead he fumbles it Miami takes the ball and Michael Irvin scores the touch Tom and he wins the game last year I went to Patriots game here on the Thursday night Barrino drives him down a field throws a beautiful path that Clayton who stretches out for him catches it on the one give it to Sammy he fumbles it last week you saw what happened and yesterday it's just another it's great another chapter yeah you know all right the thing I guess me is that uh you know he he puts them in there again after what happened last week uh I look at opening day and see more kids jump from the like a four-yard line into the end right right you know the calls that he's been making and she was making this year isn't bad they're unpredictable I was sitting in the stands with my friends and I could you know we were there saying before the ball was either snap or the dolphins were going to do offensively you know it's getting fondress right it's very badly predicted you know we're not going to win another game at least we got the two drafts but you know be nice to see him be competitive for once well I were competitive yesterday I mean Houston stuck into it out Houston is a lousy Houston is a lousy road team and they lived up to their building by being played a lousy game yesterday our defense played well and very well and we should have won a ball game yep we should have not questioned not being competitive yesterday at you or even a line game I mean we're much better team that aligns and we were competitive but we just blew the big play you know um another thing uh when he goes in there you know he only gain I believe was 13 yards and five curries yeah but in those five curries he showed me a lot more than Sammy Smith did all that well the first two I mean he had absolutely nowhere to go and I mean you know nobody would have gotten any yard of jodd about it was like Sammy in the first quarter but then he started they started opening some little holes and he made the extra effort and got you know makes a three or four yard gain out of what could have been a loss and they never gave much chance I mean he carries the ball five times we come out for the second half and at the beginning of the second half everything was Sammy was like all Sammy offense and uh I don't know what to hell shoelace thinking about I really don't but of course in this town you're not supposed to criticize him because uh we keep living in the past and you can't do that and another thing you know he keeps bringing back all these players like Paul Langford and all these guys you know and you know he always uh well let me ask you something how is it possible I mean I know we've had all these injuries but how is it possible that he actually took Brian so Shay back and put him on the squad and then after a week or two of total an aptitude had a cut of a get how is that possible I don't know what are they thinking about you know and another one that doesn't have any balls of that Tony Martin and just last week he proved it when he caught that big pass right before the half they ended up in the one yeah you looked at I looked at the instant replay we were close if you look at that instant replay he was more worried about getting hit it's going in the end well Tony's the main thing is no cash at the ball that's the main thing yeah yeah that was Clayton behind that guy they would have caught that pass it would have been six points yeah but yeah just a Jamie you know Sammy sucks and I want to call my friend BDU the Florida State uh one forty two what's all I cannot get going on next door they're now all of a sudden man sounds like the world is coming to win and they have another fistfight in production again or didn't windy bed at read more than four lines from her three by five card on the coast and is taking a beating from Fleetwood Mac Roover something's going on next door they're going nuts Hollywood I I knew yes sir first time caller long time listener to all the stations you have been in South Florida yes I'm a former soccer fan I adopted football now the mid-tailored they complaining about boy that's for children that's for ladies in Europe and you're a thing about it and it's not as bad as a Scotland or Germany or other countries right you know what they do the real friend I mean professional fans that they mortgage their home to go see a game you know and then they said I went to see that USA plane it to let the world cup you know yeah I pay forty five dollar the last row I almost touch the sky you know I need a binocular to see it right so over here they complain twenty six twenty eight dollars that's a bag of peanuts all right that's a couple of bags of peanuts also there's six bucks now you might be over here well anyway the real friends you know they don't pull they wait on the street corner I mean it I'm done at myself with baskets full of ruck to maybe there you go okay that the mile one then it they get to out that heavy big rocks you know many many players are known to be to be sent to the hospital you know throughout the year you know well that'll teach him yes okay you have a great day sir I'll read the ranch now what the hell is this such has got a new bunch of rock comedy CDs the size of my neighbors didn't hear when hello all those coming from even yeah you've been holding back on us I think just not that TV off the edge or anyway by the way whatever happens speaking of wasting money you know that thing with the key and a whole bit when the TV said no but I understand that but do you talk about wasting money oh man this is what it's show what it's show right here's a pay phone and palm bay yeah sir I'm feeling sick give it hey I feel better okay okay one or two I tell you the new solution there for Sammy yes sir okay the all I can talk about it with the offense defensive line there we bother watching that movie the longest yard yeah with her rental uh huh remember when the offensive society they take care of that defensive line we're gonna put Sammy over on the defense the practice tomorrow and we're gonna open up the line and let him come in and catch that ball right down there you know yeah right down there I'm just a little distracted because it sounds like they're having World War 3 next door here on the other side of the wall what the hell has been going on over there 145 a WiodD a mobile and sunrise yeah yes sir okay hey listen you know unfortunately the sad thing about it I think she was gonna end up widened wine and up like Tom Landry great coach in his day well let's back let's not doesn't know when to hang it up that no one doesn't know when the game has passed him by you know and and that's the sad commentary but he's gonna wind up the same damn we could make a song for done sometimes I feel the game is passing me by I don't like it say he's a great coach right no question was was was was and he needs to retire and play golf and go fishing and you know back on what he can exactly and have a great life that's it okay I think thanks is Mitch Lewis going to change the life next door and that production studio or what man he's we haven't had that in a long time while he probably wants that to the ambiance of just an all-around great day I see Adams in here with a big speed speed even grin Davey how you doing is anybody given the bill was