Well, the bad news is Randy Martin's leaving. Randy Martin heads north. It says Randy Martin has been filling in his talk host question mark during the week at WJ and all weekends at Wild has found full time work. As a dish, Jockey at WWGF in Orlando, the Monday to Friday midday gag a gig, which he starts in two weeks as a return to our origins. Before turning to talk, she was a DJ and several of them above. Good luck to your Randy and thank goodness, okay? So you know what that means on a weekend. Now, lots and lots more ball games and lots and lots more tapes and the best of and the worst of. And speaking of that, no recon sense this week. They're gone on vacation. They'll be eligible for parole a week from today. So they're gone this week and the Chuck Maro will be filling in. And a bad news, all of the trucks probably a little more humble now because of Braves kicked ass over the parrots over the weekend. So that'll humble them up a little bit, all of the penguins are going to be in a Stanley Cup finals against the North Stars. I miss both the other day for a beer from me to ever make a mistake. The North Stars did play in a Stanley Cup finals in 81 lost to the islanders. And of course, the penguins have never been in it. So it ought to be pretty boring. I mean exciting. How about those Braves? A bit you would get lots of Braves fans calling in today and crawling and carrying on like crazy and deservedly so. They're at first place for a there too. It's pretty exciting. There's three games over 500. They're kicking ass. They'll probably kick the crap out of the cubs tonight. Harry, skip and ship will be there. Big family reunion at Ridley Field tonight. Game time is 805 Eastern Daylight Time. And who we got? We got Sean Boski against Gleaven tonight. Also Friday night, I got to tell you we had the time of our lives. It was kind of like the good news bad news syndrome again at Biscayne. The show was a blast. Tank was there of course doing the show and I was sitting around acting like a goofball and Bob Weaver. Good old Weaver the weather man. One of our great friends in town was there. Former dog owner and former dog expert. But I guess not anymore. And we just had a great time on the air. The only problem was plunged our brains up. Poor fat rich poor Neil. Poor Hank just plunged our guts. Although. And that made it even worse. So that takes care of that. We had a tremendous crowd. Nice people up there and also a few degenerates. And then there was that one table of wise guys from North Miami that were catching every race. There's nothing worse than that when you're losing your ass. Have a bunch of people sitting there catching every stink and race for that. Anyway, I got into May all this morning among many other things from Paramex, veterinary and supply in Miami Springs. Hey, Mr. Simpson. These packages look like they're from before my buddy was born. He sent me about a dozen packages or I think only eight actually. Where's the rest of it? Of Timson for my dog and I guess the only dog owners out there going to be going nuts. Now, probably have 10,000 calls about this. It says we suggest you use a product called Octagon soap to wash your dog first. He sends me like the thing from the label. Cool gates Octagon, I'll purpose soap, but not the soap. Can you I never heard of that? Can you get that in the store? Octagon soap, I never heard of it. So anyway, you wash him with that first or not as the case it may be. And then after he dries, soak him to the skin with the Timson solution. And he includes a page with all the directions mixed to packets to one gallon of lukewarm water. And it's all about a pop, saturated dry pet to the skin once a day for four to five days. And this is supposedly spectacular, relieving itching and flees, etc. Even jacket. How do you like that? So if managed in all the guys listening, we might leave a couple of packets around for them. Anyway, it even eliminates the awful odor of cat urine. It's so, I don't know, it must be great. So one of these things that's a miracle and does everything. I think in America, all sorts of slim fasts, they've got to be honest with you. They do it pretty good for me. I've lost seven pounds since Wednesday. And I haven't stuck right to it to the letter, but I've lost seven pounds already. Had my lunch in a little container. And speaking of little containers, how come it is that the little container that we have down on our machine downstairs is two and a quarter. And I go into the supermarket over the weekend and there are $8 a piece that's more than double. What are rip off? I hope the guy that fills the machines down here comes in today and somebody beats the crap out of my right. Two and a quarter for the honor of buying our little, how much is in it? Let me see the empty container. It's 12 ounces. Two and a quarter and in the store, they're a bucket. That's worse, I bet you did buy it in the U-Floatem store and it can be in store. So come to WIOD and get ripped off, folks, in our wonderful commissary downstairs. But it's working pretty good and they have those frozen enthrays and then George of all people this morning, whips out a little ultra slim fast diet bar about the size of your thumb. But he says it's real thick. Yeah, I've heard that line before. But anyway. Ha ha ha ha. It's 12 minutes past 10 at WIOD where feeling slim and great we're doing it and it will be right back. Well, hello. Hi there. I'm your new neighbor. I'm an entertaining guest and a single of run out of coffee. Well, come in with with Boucher's coffee be too good for your gas. Oh, that would be Jeff. It's perfect. How could I ever repay? Oh, I don't think it's something. Well, have a nice party. Hey, you a mention to your neighbor yet. Hello. I just popped in for coffee. Boucher's coffee for those budding relationships. Or is they say in a forest shop a Tisket a TASKIT? Let me double check your basket. It's a 1015 at WIOD. That's a little Scott Chapin, Jim McQueen thing from a Detroit, Jim McBean. I got a little note here. I guess Scott Chapin was in town over the weekend. Doesn't dare stop in this building. I can understand his version to do in that. And they left me a tape with a few little bits on it here. Not bad club Ted. And a couple of others that were given to me at about 10 minutes to 10. Laura sat on that damn thing all morning. It's kind of warm, too, as a matter of fact. But if she would have given it to me in time, I could have carded them all up and had a lot of good stuff on it. Anyway, it's 1015. Let's take a call or two here. Let me give the numbers out. Shall I? We got some calls in there already, not too many. One in date, one open line in date, 7519463, two in Broward, 524WIOD. And one in Palm Beach, of course. That's all we got. One too many. 655, 9463, 655WIOD. That's the Miami's gone. Kendall. Can I need a higher area? Okay. Listen, I have the most incentive question by a sportscaster ever. Yes, sir. Did you get any racing at all? No, sir. Okay. There's a guy Gary Benhaus who's family has been racing. He had lots of trouble. You know, the family has had your actions and stuff. So he second day on the pole, which means he couldn't get the pole. He ran the fastest of anybody, which means he would have had the pole position. So the guy turns him and says, well, you know, you could have had the pole. Did you know that today is 30 years from the day your father died at a fiery crash. It was a good turn for us. I thought it was a fight. The guy looks at it like, you know. I love it. You know, can't think of anything else. Happy anniversary. You. All right. Can we get there with mommy? Do I have a good degree? My way. Mommy, I didn't go to mommy's. I said, we're a basket of flowers. And that's it. I don't go over there. Do you think I have to make a human sacrifice? I got to go there tomorrow. No, sir. All right. Have a good one. You got to go there tomorrow. What would I have done there? I'm not eating. I don't know. Oh, you don't eat. Oh, that's right. You back on the old friend. I'm not back on it. I'm doing it for the first time. You were trying to be fine. Sorry. Well, don't be sorry. Be happy. I feel great. All right. All the guys at CPT, they're digital douchebags. OK. All right. George is doing a show there on three. So obviously, we got all three deadlines, or because whoever he's talking to, I know, is not going to be on the air, which means we got all a two-call so far. I knew it was going to be a real slow day, because coming to work, there was no traffic at all. Then I get off. I-95 to come to work at 79th Street. And I'm just getting ready to turn. I heard Joe. Thank you, by the way, Joe Brennan. When you're right, you're right, which is rare, and when you're wrong, which is most of the time, you're embarrassing. But that's the first time at about year and a half that you'll actually give a useful tip on the traffic. And he said that the... Was it bad coming across the bridge, George? Was it bad coming across the bridge it was? I see, I killed as much time going the way that I did, but without the evervation. I just, I don't know about you, but I would rather drive 10 minutes out of the way without any stopping and just zip along, than sit there and see for 10 minutes. So as soon as I heard that, I got back on 95, went down toward the Julia Tuttle and went over to the beach, and came up Collins Avenue, which there wasn't a dog on Collins Avenue. And I came up to 71st and up with a causeway. So even though I killed another 10 minutes, I didn't have all that sitting there and getting pissed off and getting psychotic with a bridge and all that. So thank you again, Joe Brennan for a great job, which goes to show you that if you throw enough crap up in the air, sooner or later, something comes down and hits the ground. We have two open lines in Broward, five, two, four, Wiod, deer field. A, knee, eye done. Okay. All right. Hey, is there any way to confirm of the hockey finals on ESPN? Is there any way to confirm what? I believe that they're gonna show him on ESPN. So who? How could they do that? How could sports channel have the games all season long? And ESPN have the appeal? I was watching the, in the time trial yesterday, and I believe that one of the guys mentioned, they were gonna do it, they were gonna have the shows, you know? I don't think so. I mean, I hope so. Well, somebody who knows for sure will call in, but if it is, I'd be very surprised. Nobody even sports channel, whatever. I had a contract with Continental K-1. I'm ready to tell him to get, yeah. I don't know what to do with the sport channel and Continental. I've boycott him as much as I can. Lots of religious have the Yahoo, he helped at least stations, yeah, but no, and then you get a course, I don't even wanna go into it, it's embarrassing. Yeah, I boycott him as much as I can, I have him. They don't send me no mail, I don't want no calls. Yeah, I still don't want them. All ready? Screw on. Give us that light, dude. He'll take care, brother. Okay, well, find out, I'm sure he's wrong. 10, 19 at WIOD, we have two open lines in Broward, 5, 2, 4, WIOD, the Starline Star IOD, Palm Beach. We got four calls on the board, it's gonna be another very, very aggravating week, can you tell already? By the way, speaking of what's on where we got the Cubs in Philadelphia this Sunday on WIOD, how do you like that? From the vet. I think the Cubs need to go to the vet. Can I just make a comment or two about my Cubs without getting anybody hysterical? As long as Jerome Walton is playing center field and leading off, this will not be a winning team. Okay, we need Doug DeSenzow back in center field, leading off, a man has got a little patience who walks every like at least once a month for a crown out loud and just the Jerome Walton is a loser. And secondly, we're making the same mistake with Steve Wilson that we did with Jeff Peacow. Steve Wilson sucks, okay? In my own personal estimation, nice guy can't pitch. They bring him back up again the other day. Not yesterday on Saturday. I mean, the score was only three to one at that point, okay? It was three to one. The lucky was not pitching well. Leaves again with two on and one out. In comes Steve Wilson. And I'm telling you, first of all, can't get to ball over the plate, walks the first guy, bases are loaded, then we got a ringing double, I think by O'Neill, between Paul O'Neill and who's that other geek that I can't stand the first basement, between the two of them, they're hit like 900 against the cubs. O'Neill's got six homers on a season 13 RBI's, five of the homers and 12 of the runs batted and they're against the cubs. But here comes Steve Wilson again, just apps and by the time he leaves, it's eight to one, the game is gone. All right, just absolute blowout. So why did they keep doing the same crap over and over again? I think somebody ought to fry Jim Fry and send Zimmer along with him to sit in his lap when he pulled a switch. Bad, bad organization. But hey listen, you know, it's a lot of fun. A 21 and four agregmatics pitch the game of a lifetime, he has to pitch the great game and Dunston is like fumbling double play balls and just the can't get arrested. He's not hitting, he's not fielded. Other than that, he's just a great guy. 21 after 10 at WIOD, all you cup fans, you want to get away from all the grief, stop watching the games, go to Ruth's Christian, have a great meal and just eat and drink and drown your sorrows away. Just chew into some of that delicious corn fed Midwestern prime, richly marbled, never frozen the best US prime in the country. They boil it exactly the way you order it. They rush it to your table, still sizzling right in front of you ugly nose. Man, if that doesn't turn you on, nothing ever will. There's nothing like the meat at Ruth's Chris. And of course, also great seafood and all those great accompaniments like those vegetable dishes, broccoli, agrotten, cream spinach, eight different kinds of succulent potatoes like those creamy, fattening potatoes like agrotten, hearty green salads with homemade dressings and irresistibly enormous desserts. So if you want a serious steak or just a serious meal, this is always the place, Ruth's Chris Steakhouse with three soft-floor locations, they're in North Palm Beach. They're in North Miami Beach right on the intercoastal and the original soft-floor to Ruth's Chris My Favorite, 2525 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, when is white? No, you're gonna feel it, baby. No, when, here it is, timing so white. He's a Hong Kong, a Hong Kong, a Hong Kong. You're gonna pick the white one, baby. A Hong Kong, a Hong Kong, he's a Hong Kong. It's gonna be what we're the boat. And you're occasionally dreadable. And they got no vulnerable. You picked the white one, baby. A Hong Kong, a Hong Kong, a Hong Kong. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No white one, baby. You know when it was, you just got the face in. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. A Hong Kong, a Hong Kong, a Hong Kong. You got the white one. A Hong Kong, a Hong Kong, a Hong Kong. Totally, totally, totally, totally, totally, totally, totally. Very uncomfortable, and uncomfortable. You picked the white one, baby. A 1026. WiodD, we have an open line in Brownard, five, two, four. And what on the other. By the way, we had Dave Justice, Phony, a Dave Justice online, six, who thought he was on the air, some asshole and brownard. Dave Justice is in Chicago, you jack-ass. I'm relaxing there's thing, you know? Nothing I hate worse than bad winners. It's bad enough to be a bad loser. But being a bad winner. And of course we keep making that excuse well. I haven't one a long time. Big deal. Nothing worse than being an ungracious, crappy winner. Just trying to crap all over it. Because they want a 115 games for crying out loud. What the hell does that mean? What's the big timmess with that? For Lauderdale. Hey, how you doing? Listen, I wanted to answer about the ultrasound fan. Yes. You follow that pretty strictly? Yeah. We're good, huh? Uh-huh. Just don't sleep with the blanket's pull over your head. What does that mean? I guess that was funny. Oh wow. It's fine to say hi, join the show. Oh, okay. All right. See ya. Take care. Wow. Am I right about this town tonight? I tell you this week and a half ago. They're out of material folks. Oh! Yeah. They've had it. They are finished. Uh-huh. But we don't care because we're just still getting paid. We have four calls on the board. We have what open line a day, 751. No ladies. I'm sure that, right? No women. Two early in the week for women. Two open lines in Broward, 524 and Palm Beach, 6559463. 655WI. Oh! They're still sleeping. I wonder they weren't on a highway. Do you encounter a lot of traffic? I didn't. It looked like death valley days. Maybe they're all in Vegas. So look, I think on Friday we had more calls from out of town than we did from in town. Like about three. No, seriously. It was just amazing. Everybody's gone. I don't blame him. Miami. No. Yeah. Hey. Good morning. How you doing? Very good. What's it? I just wanted to, um, you know, you were talking the while back about the, uh, there was wonderful, uh, people on the, uh, bridge going to, uh, 709 street. I didn't even know where your, uh, head quarters were at until I went by that day. And I used to live right there on 79 street. I don't know who's worse. That the rich people or the both people that, uh, wake you up at six o'clock in the morning and there's people both. Oh. This testing. As I was driving over the Julia Tuttle coming over to work today out of the way, but still are getting across without waiting for some stupid bridge. I was asking myself, how can they were able to make this bridge high enough so while these jackasses in their big pleasure yachts wasting all of that gas and everybody's time. We don't have to wait for them on the Julia Tuttle, but on 79 street and on the broad Cosway and all these other stupid bridges, they're so low that we have to sit there and wait for them. Until everybody has to live their life at their, uh, and of course you wouldn't have a problem like we had today because it wouldn't be any bridge. And I didn't have an alarm clock. I just wake up to the ding ding ding of the bridge opening. Ding ding is the word. Ding ding is the word. These people used to have sandwiches and stay up there and wait for the bridge open and close because it'd be sitting there for hours of hours of hours of hours of hours of hours of the guys in the boats to go buy. Right. You know, these young dudes with a big sail boat. Well, it tells you a lot about where the priorities are in this town, sir, when they build the roads for the convenience of the rich boating people instead of the masses of millions of people who have to get to work or wherever to how they're going in their cars. It gives you a real good idea as to who has the cloud in this god for saken time. It's hard. It is really hard. Good luck, sir. Okay, yes. Yes, sir. Yes. I'm wondering that. I wanted to talk to you about, uh, any bridges about large boats that could talk about earlier. About what? Biggers, cars and boats. Now we're talking about bridges over the, uh, causeway, not the ones in your mouth. I don't have any of my friends. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Time down the floor. They can deep-fry and daddy. Or you're regulated by the United Corps of Engineers. You've got to get you. No. Well, it is. All bridges over the Navigable Waterway. If I, if I knew that, I wouldn't have been asking. But that, I said, if I knew the answer to the question, I wouldn't have asked it in the first place. Okay. Well, I'm saying, sir, here's that P. United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over Navigable Waterways. Over one. Navigable Waterway. Yes, sir. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic. Yes. And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir? I'm telling you the day come up with the times. Well, what is the time? I believe it's at wish hour times, sir. That they are not open to marine traffic. Other than that, they are open to marine traffic. So in other words, any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for the area. I'm absolutely correct. Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that? That is not a communist bunch of crap, sir. Sounds like some kind of reendith all past this tiny piccolo. You've got five hours to go. There will be those two one boat. Right. Exactly. About a hundred boat is going to stop for five thousand cars. Got it? No, I think that fifty thousand cars ought to stop for one Jack Anson is boat. I think that's what they ought to do. Thank you, but I know your law is Mr. Because you sure don't. That's right. I want the bridges closed to Bootsrack and the Hurt can do. I want the bridges closed period. Okay. I want them closed. I want the bridge tended to go home and watch the MTV and get the whole out of our lives. I want those bridges closed. Let them use the Julia Tuttle, okay? Let them use them a car for cars. I think they all go out of George Washington. Bridging jump, all of bridge centers. How do you like that, sir? Well, I don't know about you. The police aren't like some stupid idiotic judge. Huh? Okay. Well, I guess that sums up at a nutshell. 1032 at WIOD. Why can't they just let the boats go back and forth under the Julia Tuttle? That's big enough. They can get a just go round into big circle, jerk. We have an open line in date, 7519463. Fort Lauderdale. Thank you, I will. Welcome to your bridge oriented station, 610. A bridge jumping station. I got a question about the silence of the lamp. Yeah. I saw the movie. Yeah. You saw it, right? Huh? I rented the first movie, Manhunter. Yeah. I didn't enjoy it as much. You agree, or have you seen it? Well, you know, this business of trying to compare all the time. It's like Godfather 1 and 2 and everybody instead of just enjoying the movie. Go ahead and keep comparing. It was okay. They were both good. They were both very good. Yeah. But they seem to indicate that well, you really shouldn't see silence of the lamp until you see the first one. Oh, that's why you could see a lot of crap. I thought you had a lot of baloney. Yeah. I just thought you could miss the first movie. Really enjoy the second movie. But both were were good. I just thought, tell us what. Fort St. you have to see Alice in Wonderland before you see the Godfather. I don't get it. I got to ask you one thing about the Manhunter. Yeah. In the part where he covers the information about the killer on the toilet paper. What was the significance of that? That was in Manhunter. That was in the silence of the lamps. That's where he got, that's where he had it in the cell. Well, that's in Manhunter. He wasn't in it, huh? That's Manhunter, I believe. Well, whatever. Whatever. What is the significance of it? Did he sneak it in or did he go or did the lecture write that himself just to remind him of the art? I haven't got any idea since I didn't write the, since it's fiction to begin with. I didn't write it. I don't know. You didn't miss anything. It was just there. Well, like toilet paper generally is it's kind of just there. It was a great movie. I was good. I think people got a little too carried away with the whole deal. It's fiction and based on absolutely nothing. It was very, they were very good. But I think people just got a little carried away because they're basically more deptyrists. Which was your credit. How can it be the best character? He was very, very good. Very, very good. Okay. 1034, I WIOD. In other words, when I'm trying to say, I'm sick and tired of hearing about both of those movies already, because they're like, you know, I was great. But now on with whatever is going on. I saw a preview for some of the new movies that are out. There was one Laura would like a lot. What is the name of the movie? It's basically about all these kids in a fraternity house or a dormitory somewhere. And one of them is Danny Grannon is a jockey brief underwear for the longest time. Just went on and on in this preview. I couldn't shut it off. Anyway, 1035. Well, I just wondered what was the purpose of standing around with his hot muscular tan body and his little tiny jockey shorts for all that time. And I guess obviously the purpose was just to stand around with his jockey shorts for a long time. Let everybody take a peek. 25 to 11 at WIOD will be right back. You know, I started with it and it sounded off speed to me. You know why? Because it is. Now, who screws around with these players with a CD player on a weekend? They got that thing jacked all the way up to the wrong speed. Couldn't have been graveyard. But listen to what it's supposed to really sound. Couldn't you tell it that was like all sped up like was on speed? Like, KT had been feeding it to some kind of hallucinogenic substance. Anyway, we have a rumor about KT from our sales department from Biscayne on Friday night. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. Has come. Let he open up a tab, a bar tab for a few drinks for himself probably and somebody ironed the skip out on it. That would be RKT, could it? Mr. Excuse me. I'm crawling around on the floor trying to find my life. 24, 11 at WIOD. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, it's Rostas from Minnesota. It's what? Fony voice? Yeah. Rostas? Rostas? Rostas? Yep. I wanted to tell you that Rostas keeps him back. Yep. And then right to date the penguin? I'm likely, Wolf. You don't date so? No, I think the penguins are going to kick your ass. How do you like that? I do, too. Yep. Okay. Go find a real voice, William. We have an open line at date county 7519463 and one on the starline. If you have bell-saut mobility, be sure and join us on our passing parade here at What is that number star IOD? Kindle. And Neil, how are you doing today? Okay. Rostas, you know, I knew Jose Conceco was a real slime ball. But now it's even worse. While he's trying to match his armpit here with Madonna's. Right, I mean, I guess you saw that in today's paper. Yep. Uh, that don't know what he was doing there between 11 PM and 11 AM. Probably the same thing that girl was doing at the Kennedy state. Probably the same thing that Michael Jackson was doing with Madonna. Nothing. Right. Have a good one. Okay. Wow. Wow. Are we off and running today, huh? We have an open line in the county. I'm going to read these that Larry Kent sent me from a Oxnard, California. We're exciting the knees calls. We have one open line in date 751. Maybe it's in Homestead. Anyway, this is stuff that he sends me says, why is Larry Kent sent me? No note in here or anything like high up here. He's just a bunch of cute stuff alleged. You know if you live at Homestead if someone asks you for your ID and you show them your belt buckle. The directions to your house start with turn off the paved road. You frequently use large in bed. You have a rag for a gas cap. Oh. Your brother-in-law is also your uncle. Your father walks you to school because you're both in the same grade. You call your boss, dude. You think a Volvo is part of a woman's anatomy. If you have any relatives named Elmer or Booger, you know you live at Homestead if your ID of safe sex is a padded headboard. You think a family reunion is a great place to pick up girls. Your front porch collapses and it kills more than three dogs. Your sister's name is found in most bus stations in the sign for a good time called blank. Your wife's here do sometimes get caught in the ceiling fan. Or you know you live at Homestead if your wife has a beer belly bigger than yours. Oh! Not bad Larry. Too bad you didn't use some of that material here on Wins. 1043 at Wild Jupiter. Yeah, hey Neil. Yeah. Good morning. I want to talk to you. I'm first time calling. I want to talk to you about the same bridges. We got 37 bridges up here in Palm Beach County. We got a beautiful bridge just south of KDA Boulevard. And every afternoon without fail at about five minutes after five, there's bridge 10 to put the bridge up and it stays up until 23 minutes after five while a virtual monogles through it. Then it takes this idiot seven minutes to put the bridge back down. Put it down for five minutes and boom, put it back up again. You old up and down. Yeah. But we like to be consistent in South Florida so we like to have a bridge on every street corner and we like to have a bridge in every resident's mouth. Well what we got to do is a Coast Guard regulates these. Not the poor of engineers like that idiot told you earlier. They just maintain the bridges. Coast Guard sets the regulations and they tried and experiment a year ago that really worked well. They set specific times at the bridge to be open for and a specific length of time that the bridge would be open for. Such as it would open at five, ten and must be chlorine. Why are you getting pre-aginated so it's not going to change because they got the people with a boat that all the money and you and I got squad of KDA. But whether you're original purpose of law for the bridge was from maritime commerce that we should, you know, get after the Coast Guard to set specific times. Are you listening to me or is it just going in right here and I can climb? Okay, sir, good luck to you. It's not going to happen. I just, what's kind of like getting back to that topical talk again. All these outraged masses okay, we're matter than hell and we're not going to take it anymore. Well guess what, yes you are. You're going to take it and like it and love it and put up with it because this is the world. We have an open line in Palm Beach 655WI would even want to call up and write about the bridge. Then anybody ever call about the hockey games? I'm sure they're on sports channel. There's no way they're going to be on ESPN. I can always just the swishful thinking to be asked me. Oakland Park. What? Yes sir. No, you're doing it. Okay. Let's come cold up. Great. Just cold to say what a great show you go. Yes I do. And now what about that queen? How the bloody queen come on, aren't you excited about that? Very excited. Do you know that she carries her own portable her whatever they call it, I'm too Irish. They bring along portable toilet seats for the queen? Oh yeah. Looking forward to seeing her. Yeah. But I saw a couple of queens this week. Yeah, I bet you did. I'm going to say, I'm watching how it's done on Saturday, you know? Oh that was a bad mistake. And you could send away and get some types of him. Have you got any of your shows? No. And he takes a video, haven't you? No. You'll get some of you make some more money. No. You're making enough money. Make too much money you wind up with hair just like how it's. Yeah. You make enough for ready there. Yes, sir. I'm loaded. I'm kind of like KT and ourselves department. I'm always loaded. All right. Well, just cold to say what a good show you go. I normally listen to it work, but we're on strike at the moment. Do it well. What do you do? Welcome to Ruth. You. You. You. Ruth. You. Ruth. Yeah. What is it? Ruth. Ruth. He used to pitch for the fillies. Good luck. But where are our documents? I don't know. Great looks. Couldn't pitch. What is it? What do you do? What do you do? Your paper? Ruth. Ray Pavory. Dravisid Pablo. You're going to fix the race. Carl Ruth. I see. Well, what are you on strike for? It's our boss one. Pious. Jimmy glasses. It's your boss one. Pious. Your boss one. Pious. Hi. So let me say this to you. I'm going to show you the other prerequisites of staying in this country is to learn a little bit English. Okay. Okay. We talked. You messed up the language, not us. No, no. You invited a language. You still haven't learned how to speak it. That's your problem. Hey. Oh, I'm not. Well, listen. Have a great day. I knew. Okay. Why? That's one of the reasons I never wanted to go to England is, you know, to go to a country where they speak the same language, but you still need an interpreter. I think it's a little bit embarrassing. Pious. Great cuisine. Mmm. Good. 1047 a WIOD. What are you doing this weekend? Probably not a damn thing, right? Because it's a boring God for sick and smart me sweltering human to town. How does this sound? You can come meet me. Get some of those stupid new pictures that we got. Absolutely free. Go shopping. Maybe even get a job. And the best part is you can do it all in one place to cut the rich mall. This Saturday from noon to three. I'll be at Mervins job fair. What's Mervins? You might ask, well, it's a whole kind of new department store with casual, comfortable styles. And Mervins is opening five new stores in South Florida this July. One right there in a cutlerage mall. How do you like that? And they'll be there from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. taking job application Saturday. And talking to you about the opportunities. Mervins has in sales, stock, and the office. And I'll be there from noon to three. Give it away. Sports fan bags and those ugly pictures. You can come and meet me. Say hello. Bring me lots of money. Pick up a sports fan bag. And maybe even get a brand new job with great people and great benefits. So if you're sick and tired of working for douche bags, why not check it out at Mervins? No retail experience is necessary, but be sure to bring your prior job history and a couple of business references. And if you want to bring me some phone numbers, that's okay too. Come on down to the colorage mall. This Saturday at Mervins meet me in the nice folks. Used to be getting a job was never this easy. Is this much fun? So come out and turn your life around a little bit. Make a few bucks. See at Mervins at the colorage mall. This Saturday noon to three. You terrorized you in silence a ballad. Hannibal the cannibal. Now he'll tenderly you at Hannibal House. Yes, Hannibal House. Will a food is always flesh. And now try our new Marguer's Moor. Featuring all you can eat finger food. Yeah, I'll have the hand and Swiss on ride. I want a hot one. Hungry for breakfast. Try our 69 cents special. Scrabbled legs with French toast. And I'd like a coffee too please. If regular or decanted case. I'd never mind. And don't forget dessert. Try our world famous hot apple pie. This week order descended liver and onions with a drink. And keep the glasses. Or a hearing aid. He would have complete set of dentures. Why not bring a friend for dinner. Hey, sir. Right. Come on. Like I said, I think we've heard more than enough about that movie already. Don't you? It's getting ponderous. 1052 a WIOD. Here's a mobile on the starline. Going to the. Yes sir. Hey, we got a boat in the middle of a polaroid. Fresh way. A boat came off the trailer on the Pano. Well, put the damn bridge up there. Or let's just build one out. Yeah, take care of it. Get a fly over we need. Yeah. But the reason for the call besides the traffic report is by the way. It's northbound on the Pano. It's back to Paulway to Southland St. Street. Wow. I want to thank you. We went to the melting pot. Great. The orders first. And I didn't want to go. I mean, I wanted to go. Why not? I want to go to Chris these or somewhere for a nice steak dinner. We had more darn fun than you can take three six sets. I mean, we had a gang of 10 people. We, I had damn blimbo. And I thought, well, two hours for the limbo. Right? Wrong. We were there three and a half hours. Oh, yeah. We had more fun. And your your recommendation was well, well, hey, which one do you go to in Kendall? Southland, yeah. Oh, yeah. All the guys that they knew you. Well, they all say that. Yeah, I was that. And of course, that's almost as much fun as eating at the one in Carl Springs, which is almost as much fun as eating in the one in Boca where Troy takes loving care of all the customers. Cruiser. Anyway, it was fun and the and different stuff and the stuff. Different right in that. Oh, God. Anyway, I thank you. Well, good. I'm glad you enjoyed it. You take care of it. Have a great life. How do you? 10 54 W. I. O. D. Oh, I know what I mean here. We're almost out of snapple. In fact, we are out of snapple. I got the last two bottles right here. That French, the diet French, Sherry Soda would be great about 80 cases of that. See, the problem with that is, who's the count is that? That's, um, what's his name? Steve. Steve, but he's in Paris. That's a problem. Um, I don't, we never see him. That's because he's out working. But anyway, uh, Ha ha ha ha. No, he's out selling. As opposed to some of these guys are just back there running up a tab on the sugar cubes from downstairs. I bet you the KT, I'll show up on the Edmervance for our job fair on Saturdays and fences account. I have a feeling he'll be there. So bring a lot of big sugar cubes with brown spots on him. Make him feel better. But what was that starting to say about snapple? I don't know how we, uh, because I'm not sure if anybody over there listens or who that is, or how that, but uh, we're out. We're tapped. And I'm just hooked on that. One thing I like about it best, and this isn't even a spot yet, is that it doesn't stimulate your appetite. I used to, I used to poo poo that jazz about how diet soda or any kind of soda is like stimulate your appetite, because it's got caffeine and stuff. It does. And snapple don't. I'm going to be so good this week. I bet you I'm going to lose another eight pounds this week by next Monday. Do you think so? Yeah, we're down. Don't you? I think I'm going to do it. I'm going to be really good this week. That would be 15. Anyway, we have an open line on the starline stario D and one in Palm Beach where we're sick and tired of talking about it. For a waterdale. Anyhow, you're doing. Okay. I grew it. I got a mulled part of this green. Yes, sir. You ever put it in that pond, do? Oh boy. It was so hot though. In that chocolate. Hmm. Kind of makes you stand up to attention. It's a number of, uh, EBS 10 for double last five months, that my imagination. On the end of the show. Is it a set message coming through about that? Well, no, we probably have-