Come on you at a state. Well, geez you better make a few calls called the X-Calibur and call the start us and call the Yeah, so what motivated you today? Well, I actually am going to watch Vegas next week and I thought you might be able to make a couple things What It'd be nice without it. No, but I mean I have to have you never been there before. We're gonna stay I'm not really sure. I think we're gonna stay at the holiday royale The holiday royale yeah, some people play something well again motel six with Tom Bodeth I think that's it Why? Well, you better watch out because Tom hangs out under the bed and it was places But I can be fun. Are you sure that's the name of it the holiday In royale? I don't know what that is But I got news for you no matter where you stay even if it's a flea bag. You're gonna have a great time You're gonna read a car or you yeah, well, that's that's all you need I don't have to tell you anything because everywhere you're going It's gonna be great. You'll go to the Marage and see you here next caliber and the start us and palestation and the trope of Canada And you just eat all of the phase and gambled your guts of guts out and see if you show us never great time You'll feel that you've never even been born before this you'll you just look at a mirror I wonder what you've wasted your life doing here I'm telling you What about these girls? Well, I don't know who's playing out there, but I mean they had they have a in the lobby of all the hotels You'll have like a or in your room even they have these they just know seriously and they She these you know Booklets and they show you like all the stuff and who's playing when and that's it Yeah, okay, well, thanks a lot. You're gonna have a great time Okay, I'll just have to call you more we want a full report when you get back when you go on Next Friday and you're coming back when the following In my day okay, we'll a Monday after that where you nine days you may now want to come back No, not what word is oh man well listen we want a full report the Monday when you get back Okay, we're gonna mark it on our thing and expect it okay, have a great time Bye Thank God she didn't get cut off can you imagine all the great calls that we've had get cut off over these the three years on that clicking line Probably the best calls we ever get coming on an online they never make the air That's why some days the show is stuck on this station the good calls never get through Back in the early days before I realized that they don't give a crap about anything here I used to just carry on about that there's something wrong with it. Oh no, there's another raw in that line Southern belt check it up now even people who've been in the building for five minutes I mean even listeners people who have casually listened to this station know that line six and Broward the clicking line it screwed up even such knows it you don't give a crap It's screwed up oh no, there is no problem we checked it out with a phone come on the course They're gonna change the problem because if they admit there's a problem then they got to fix it and they don't know how to do that Then my takes some more if they went have to pay somebody some over time God forbid So I imagine that the best calls that ever come into this radio station or online six and you never get to hear them man I'll tell you what we're gonna do is we'll have like somebody else talked about off the year like whether on hold You just before they gave cut off and they will tape it yeah Alex can talk to him off the air real loud like he talks in here He keeps pressing that intercom and he doesn't have any idea how loud it is in here I mean Can I ask you a stupid question? What's the video where the guy sitting in the pizza and the the Marlin jumps through the window? This is on every 10 minutes. Do you know what that is? The guy sitting there eating slices of pepperoni pizza there he is now make a statement or that is spot Well, that's a spot. I thought it was a video because it's on like intro spec Make a statement look at that he was making a statement all right And that was his mouth either Okay, we better move right along boy while I check that a lot closer. It's 1.35 with Wio D or plastic station The Wio D let's go to a mobile in West Palm Beach. How you doing Neil? Okay, good show today Outstanding I would I don't scale I ate I give it about a 45 but then what do I know? The cup is didn't do it yesterday. Did they did they we're doing it every day? Good. Who may not be good but we're consistent Well, I haven't comment about it. I'll take the suck once in a while, but when you can do it every day then you've got a life All right, I have a comment up the Rick and Suds show. Okay, they can handle it. That's sitting in there right now with the spoon and is a canola He can handle it. It sure does seem that people are all for gets the lately I don't know what that is wrong all of a sudden. It's like this. See this radio station There's something foul in the air with this. I have never worked anywhere with the audience turns I mean just like on the same day like they all woke up on the same day. They had like a meeting and they decided Okay, it was fun for Wobanale. Let's turn on this one. Let's try it. You know like a wow I'm sure we'll be glad to bring Alex Bennett back for five minutes just a good refresher course that boy They'd be screaming for Rick and Suds I remember while back when they were kind of stuck in there by up and now they've got a contract But now I don't know maybe they're getting little too cocky. I like the list of them But are they getting a little cocky? I think I noticed that they are getting especially Rick Riley. He's getting real cocky lately Yeah, if you did I out of the system maybe I can take the pressure off because I don't want to say it on a year Because they don't like to get all this personal stuff, but I'm getting into worse too Well, you got to the best around all of your so just hanging there. It happens to all of them And I hope the cup is going to get a day. Okay, thanks We're not planning today. So we'll be a good day today Well, hey nothing lasts forever sweetie We have an open line in Broward five two four nine four six three. I I just don't know what this and then like this book I never even saw the whole book I'm not gonna look at arbitrage ever again. I just pull a crap But like you know, is there anybody out there who really believes that the lowest number of listeners on this station are between 10 a.m. and six p.m And if you do let me ask you this question have you ever listened before 10 a.m. and after six p.m. I think that's piece for itself And How about on the weekend has anybody ever listened on the weekend? Oh, that's a stupid question We don't have enough time to search for those people Right mag well we got the plant guy and we got mag and we got ball games We got any kind of crap we can throw on to fill up some time because we don't have any we just don't have anybody to throw on there That might be entertaining or attract an audience under the age of 500 right Dave Miami airport Good afternoon. What is this? Barbeleads. Yeah I got a fire report. Okay, I driving west down on the 99 V cars waves yeah The sauce guy ones guy two and sky three hovering over the WD tower yeah, let us slip a giant condom over it Boy, they have a lot of cuts by and I think that's where the colonist the safe station for the nine right exactly and that's the purpose of that It's the muffle all the profanity that goes over the air so that the The old pieces don't get offended right well as matter fact we have a whole new It's amazing. You must be like a super spy because we have a whole new billboard campaign That's right and it's gonna be like a renearies has been a be on there with a gigantic condom over it It's said it's gonna say 610 safe radio yeah, well it's not gonna work you know why That that safe campaign. Yeah, because they don't come any better than the erotic have a great life Good to serve see it He just he said that with enthusiasm, but this not not quite the same inflection that the super star Say it's Larry King and they don't come any better at the board Larry 143 a Wild is anybody ever seen Larry and Dracula together in the same Cryptopino Yes, sir. Hey. How you doing? I'm doing okay? Just the first time caller and how is it so far great? I just want to let you know that I'm I'm going to school Like trying technician right now We just briefly start getting the ham radio And I'm gonna listen in the way the way we just started picking up a m radio No, no, just started doing You know Very much on it and troubleshooting stuff like that troubleshooting into it Aha so other as you want to be a red and a m radio engineer is that it? Not necessarily that's as part of the order to do that you have to be like a little Wax you do understand that all course. Yeah I definitely found it because I've never met an engineer in my life who wasn't like it And they have several bricks in the wrong spots Believe me I want to say was I listened to years ago when I was a child Back when you're with the big Z word, you know what I mean? Zeta. Yep Well one of me years ago that was like four or five or four years ago Four years ago yeah you were a child four years ago, man. I'll tell you Well, yeah I worked with a bunch of uh Pre-projected pinheads, yeah yeah, we we all loved it is great I loved it. I've probably still loved it. Oh, yeah, it's great. I love it Wanted as a Deshounds a little light on the space, both that you easy. Yeah. How old are you? Me 19. Oh, so you were like a little Adolescent pinhead with Zits. Exactly. Okay. I'm sorry Okay, shedding a little light. Yes, the marlins I believe are going to be in the NL East. Yes. And they're going to be sharing a certain place with a certain team which I am devoted to, which is the max. The stellar team. Well the fillies. Yes. The fillies. Yes, no. We won't be in line with place anymore. But you won't have Roger McDowell do a pay as contract any more after you last night by the way. Oh, yes. You unloaded that stick. Uh huh. I know that. But uh, the one thing I am glad is that we won't be able to be called the worst team in that league. We'll have another team to make fun of. Yeah, that is a good point. We'll get like 15 more teams in the NL East to being good shape. Oh yeah, that'd be great. But um, there's a buddy in my network who listens to all the time and they talk about y'all time. I just wanted to call them all to be back. So Mike from Godys and Burst and all the whole crew there. There are all all crews about to do Spags. That's what this wonderful astute gentleman said. Well listen, you will hang in there and think it over several times before you decide to want to get this business believe me. All right. Good people help beats the hell out of money anytime. All right. Good luck. You'll see ya. Great caller. Well, what a great American. We've had some wonderful people on the phone. Do they have a way? Alex? Alex is there. But just this. We have an open line in Broward. The dream is we speak. We are just smoking today. Man, man. We want to take this show and just roll it up in a gigantic paper. And light it and stick it in Sally's ear. She probably enjoy it. Anyway, speaking of having a great lunch, Bobby Rabito is the place for ribs. It's also the place for a great lunch. Any day, seven days a week, they're open enough for lunch daily from 11 am to 4 pm. And for dinner, of course, 4 pm until closing in the wee hours, 10 different delicious appetizers included their gigantic colossal onion ring loaf and zupers zucchini loaf. Don't let it loaf. Head for Bobby Rabinoz. And buffalo wings and chicken tenders in barbecue chicken wings and barbecue ribs, of course, which they're famous for. And six different salad, six different kinds of seafood. 41 tempting entree, soups and sandwiches. From eight to z, all kinds of great stuff delicious. That's the reputation. Bobby Rabinoz is always had for dinner, but now for lunch too from 11 to 4 every day. Six proud locations for Bobby Rabinoz. They're in four Lodderdale at 4100 North Federal Highway. The South Fort Lodderdale is at 1430 Southeast 17th Street. Sunrise on North University Drive, stay road 84 in Davy. North Federal Highway in Papinoz, Halandale Beach Boulevard in Hollywood. North Kimberly Boulevard in Margate and on Glades Road in Boka. So for a luncheous fantastic lunch and the prices always right, head for Bobby Rabinoz. Just because he's the worst dog he's already for. I'm going to die. Now I do want to say this. I want to cut you off right at the pass because I know that. I know what I know. I know that with these things happen, you like to cast a spursions on your partner and play and say that he's callous and uncaring and vindictive and hateful, which is true. But so are you. Thank you. They're not listening to me either. Are they? They ping any attention. I'm trying to stand up from healing even at the monitor up here. They got the monitor down in the other room. You got cranked up there. I want that man to pay attention. I'm standing up for him. By the way, hi to Lisa. I said hi to her personally. The while I got just wanted to say hi to her. I'm not seeing a word about that. I heard that. That was just muscle out of my territory. Okay. Muster. So anyway. No, but you're going to come out of here. And I know immediately somebody's going to bring up the fact that he does his history again. No. And you're going to say, well, I've been to it before. I've been on the other side. Oh, oh, yes you are. You go. Oh, you're vindictive and hateful. You're nothing. You want to talk about this. I shouldn't. Because I hear you say it all the time. You're going to pretend like, well, I don't want to exploit some guy while he's down. You make him be on the whip. Listen, I answer that show. Yeah. And the fact is, I'm only upset because he didn't last as long as he's such predicted. So that's what you give him six months. There is hope for you after all. And he only went like three or something. Try it out loud. The three that I lose the pool. What are you like eating? Weedies now? Oh, look what that did to blow up. I did the bruised yarn. Oh, man. You seen it lately? No. Really? Looks like a cross between Martina and one of the Nelson twins. I'm serious. I don't know what that is. I don't make jokes about Martina. She could beat the crap out of all of us. I am. I'm just straw. But I'll live. This is such a thing. It gives a good crap, huh? That'll replace him. You're going to actually attack him viciously. Because I'm going to have to say it's already been. I don't have it. Not by me. You didn't hear me rag it on that guy. I think you got to did it to himself. No, that's P. You're going to know these stories. Oh, I'm sorry. You're going to know these stories. You're going to know these stories. This is drug rehab. Well, there's only so many shows you can do on that. The Netherlands is exhausted. One. Here we go. So you're not going to win five. You're going to actually come on and tell it like it is. I just did. After all, I go test the disgusting things that were said about you and you were going to flop and you got a bomb and you guys suck and he's this. Well, what a bomb. And here he is again. It's like every three months now. He just like bounces out. Because there's nothing there. There's nothing there. Absolutely. And I want to support somebody when they're down and out in this business. Much worse all about what exploiting people. You're down. Damn right. Let him have it. Scroll. Then they have nowhere to come back. Go. Go. Slime ball. I was in here trying to stab you guys in the back. See what goes around does come around. And you didn't hear that call. It's he called back and tried to justify all that. Joey. Yeah. Don't you remember that there? I got him to call me. And he weasled out on the phone. Kind of like melted away like an old ice cube in the middle of the biggest desert. You know, like F. Lee Bailey with a slime ball on the wooden stand just sliding down that chair into a little pool on the floor. Pool of mush. I don't have any idea. But I'm just I've been doing it. I like to see people get there. And all is leave foul or at Debbie Ellis and recycling the right crowd. Why did they just put on paid religion and stop trying to try to salvage something that's been dead? Like try to bring back Rover Cleveland. Alexander. Forget it. You was great. Those are great. What's that? The Rover Cleveland story. Rover Cleveland, Alexander. Didn't run, Reagan play him. Rover Cleveland, Alexander. No, he played Rover Cleveland. Oh, no, he was Rover Cleveland. No, he's calling from Cleveland Georgia. That was our first call of this one. I want to take one call and see what they have to say to you guys. North Miami. How are you doing guys? Great. I could you call a Rick Riley with me when you don't even like box. The box is a real sport. Yeah, box this. You don't even like boxing either. You pretend you do to keep up your image. During the ride, I pretend I like there. Yeah. He's into silk panties. Don't you look nice? For a waterdale. Hi. Hi. Who is this? Hi there. From the water the void. Who is this? Hi there. Heather, how old are you? Heather. Yeah. I'm calm about. Heather. Heather. Heather, who is this? Did you just up at all? Did this a child? Yeah. How old are you? I'm 10. Okay. Say Andre Dawson is God. We'll be right over to rescue you in the IOD mobile cruiser. Oh. Yeah. My dad is from you guys a lot. Well that's great. Is he driving right now? Are you the driving? Either one. Are you sound like you're in a car, Heather? I'm not. Where are you? I'm in my dad's work. You're your dad's work. I thought he sounds like you're out playing in traffic in the middle of a Hall and Dale Beach Boulevard. So what's the question, Heather? Huh? Heather? What? What's the question? Huh? Heather, are they playing grand bass in the office back there? No. Okay. Now what's the question? Well, I always thought that when TV Herman was on TV, he would be weird. Yeah. I'd never thought he'd do a thing like that. Yeah. Did you want to see it? But we weren't quite. Everybody knows it was on the news. Yeah. What are you eating, Heather? Bubblegum. Take the gum out when you call a talk show. Don't listen to them, Heather. They know what's in it. You tell me. The matters, you can't see it. It can't be a lot on his show. Not on this show, okay. Unbelievable. I'll pick the gum out, Heather. I want to hear you spit the gum out. Spit it across the office. Spit it in your dad. Will you leave me alone? Pepper pines. Just in the old rickshaw. That's all. Yeah. That's what's going on. What's that? It's my turn. Yeah. You're a lot of abuse lately and probably deserve it. The season. It's not right on. He's not ripping out nearly. He's probably just lost his gun at the divorce. So he had a, you know, this is what's going on? One of them. All right. So he's at $81. Yeah. I'm bringing up our total of $57716. Did you hear this story the other day? Excuse me, sir. But did you hear this story the other day? No. This is a limo service, okay. Yeah. He says corporate car suit up. Corporate car USA. He reads it. Corporate. It was like written out altogether. He's a morpid with her. Who's smelling your cologne earlier? So what the idea why he's going through a change? Well, we all go through changes, right? So everybody leave my neck alone. Rick. Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. You know it's an hour of baths. Greg, we dealt. Pardon me? You know it's one hour. Leat the bath and Greg, we dealt. Okay. Well, you're going to turn on him if he doesn't. This will make up for the week and you're not the air. Okay. All right. What's when I did during the whole week? Well, we're going to be here. Fish on. Okay. Bye. See you. Well, at least you guys came back. That's true. Was he even a lot of crap during that period of time, too? Was he? Oh, yeah. Right. Why do the first three minutes to see which therapist he has on? All right. Yeah. That's what blows me away. He lives in his day after day. I don't know. He doesn't do every morning. He's got this S&M quotienter. Something that he has to fill. And he hates him. And he just comes in every day just seething and foaming. It's the worst thing on the radio. I ate him. I ate him. No, that's the issue. He's talking about. Oh. Well, listen, I can't top any of this. I don't know who this belongs to. I found it incredibly beautiful. And I don't even like the hurricanes or the orange bull. They're under bulls of toilet. It's a paperweight. And it was in little box down below. It's probably been sitting there for years. Probably belongs to Alan Courtney. But I'm stealing it. It's highly of all kinds of crap. That's right. Like that you're a little more marlin than that. Majorly baseball posted that's in there. By the way, it's managed to does the chair of the extra chair. What is that rumors that FTL and you'll got fired? Yeah, right. So yeah, no question about it. My last day tomorrow. I'm going to make the most of it. Okay. Well, I have to do a bit day guy on bailing. After that side. I'm going to FTL by the way. Well, you have to get home. I'm going to buy there. Huh? Do you go by there? I'm going to do a one man show with Lee Fowler. That's good. Well, listen, that's going to do it for me here as we kind of like, because zip off into oblivion. It was pretty good for remote to the show. What? Top 10 tabloid trash headlines. I'm running here at Jürg calling. We don't have that today. Well, that's what it says on the sheet. Well, they're wrong. Well, get organized. They're always get organized. What is it today? It's newsroom. I was. I was also here the top 10 tabloid trash headlines. Well, I don't want to hear news around a planet. Well, they don't listen. I want to hear it. Nice game Chuck. I want to hear it tomorrow. I'll give you a junior's phone number. What is it? He was pretty good. By the way, you think that guy from Syracuse who saw our shows knows who we are? Have a great day. Stay tuned for the guys. Joseph Gackey on Sports Talk at 605. Skipper up Chuck for Hank 82111 tonight. Well, the take it almost donated to the veterans. The heck with the darn game. Well, isn't that nice? You're a great American. And I also like to tell my friends, Jeff, the fish and down is on chicken, mergers, monsters that need to keys. They all are bunch of douche bags. I hope the lobster's get away. Okay. Thanks for the help, pal. Okay. See you. I reckon Spottl be doing their show live from JRS from the stadium. From the seat. Oh, man. Is there going to be some gnashing of teeth and some real carrying on around six o'clock's puppy car? Well, I don't think so. And it says the guest will be Tim Robby. Stadium manager Glenn. Mon. Is that right? Is that another one of you? Vets. Nightmares. How can anybody be named? Mahaydo and Mon. Is that his name? Glenn Mon. And dolphin cheerleaders. And it says Neil Rogers too. It says Tim Robby's going to be, well good. I got some good questions. I think I might show up early out there. Here's a mobile in Hailea. Buenos dias. Hello, maill. Yes. How are you today, darling? Okay, sweetie. I'm calling to see if you can give me instructions and I have to get to the robby stadium tonight. No. Oh, please, maill. You can't get there from by you. Oh, I'm driving to Hailea. I'm driving by Hailea. Holy cow. Wow. Did you hear the way that voice change was like Mercedes McAbray. He didn't have any nurses. There's an old smoke bill with two hands being driven by two hands and a bunch of blue hair. And can't reach so well. I can't wait to. But I'm driving the way. It just keeps kind of like shift in back and forth man. Neil, just a quick talk and they got to get out of here. Yeah. So, think it's a drill looking to get rid of. If you what maybe consider actually the side that you don't want to go to the game, wrap up. I mean, dogs and them off and the money that you get, you don't need it to the veteran. That's what I was going to do. I mean, you know, what I said yesterday. Sign that ballfins and, and Phil makes a big deal. Yeah, but you know, let me, let me say this to you. Okay, I don't want at the risk of sounding cheap, which I'm not. Because I know I'm not. Because I came in the first day that I heard about it. I've been to be cheaper with you. No, I'm not rich, but the I make a good buck, but the fact is if I believe in something, I don't just sit and talk a good game. I believe in setting an example and put up a few bucks. So I wrote it a check for 500, which I'm going to max the one at the IOD post, you know, check, which I think is a pretty nice donation. And like when we do the commeddles house thing, I donate thousands of dollars to that. But listen to me. Listen to me. All right. I mean, what is the point of, you know, if we wanted to do that, we'd expect that all of us in here, you just take our collection inside the building and just all of us pay them. But that's not the purpose. That's not the point. You see what I'm saying? And then if they have all the people coming in, you can look at that crosstalk. You know, what is it? Well, we are in high LES this fall year, the rate is second year. Man. Can you still hear me? Yeah, sounds like Alberto San Pedro on Rick Sanchez and Wolfsham. Anyways, I can go run guy, go keep it up. And you know, I was just a thought to see if you could get the money for the veteran. Yeah, okay. Uh-huh. See ya. Bye, boy. 1045 at WIOD, when they find his ass in a highly, you'll ever see it again, man. 751 WIOD, and here's another mobile implantation. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay. You know, I've sick of this town and having to give away tickets to one of the greatest sporting events around the dolphin. I don't give anything away to these people. 26 bucks, combed a paper themselves, auction it off, they should get a thousand bucks to pick it. That's what I think. What is it? That's my opinion. Who said I was going to give it away? Well, you know, you guys are always given away, so you should never have to give them away. I'm not giving away anything. I already paid my part. That's right. I got my season tickets. Right. I'll see if the game tonight. Okay. I just want to call my friend Jimmy Murphy, do you sure back? See ya. Later. To know, I'm going to keep me. When I left the house this morning, in fact, that's the reason I brought him in. They're sitting here front of my nose. Because I wasn't going to keep my husband auction him off. But I'm sick of doing that. Every time I get something, I'll show you know, like I'm some kind of a slipper. Like I have to, you know, look after supper. Like they're going to nail me to the cross and I'm going to bleed for this community. I've bled enough for this town. Okay. Thanks to Marisley or whatever. That's an interesting name. But anyway, here's a check for 30 bucks for the veterans. And a request for one of the enough of the sucking t-shirts. Which I think they came in large and extra large. I don't recall, but we can work it out because t-shirt Bob, those folks are great. The best. You know, it really gets me though. You know what the epitome of the whole thing is. Because I heard it from several different people. The boy curts first reaction when they made up those t-shirts. The unbelievable and the enough of the sucking and the other. He was hysterical because they didn't have the rights to reap like my little picture on the sleeve. They didn't have the right to do that. Well, they're doing it for us. They're not selling these. They're doing it for us. They're helping us raise money. I mean, stop and think about how embarrassing that is. And like I said the other day, what they should have done in the beginning was have renearies shirts and neals shirts and rickensud shirts and goldburg shirts. And each one of us in our own show could have done this deal. And in about three weeks, we could have raised all the money and had done it right. Then proud of what we accomplished. Done something good for the veterans. Left with a good taste in our mouths. You know what I'm saying? But it seems like every time we get involved in something, we have like a real sour taste in our mouth. Kind of fishy. 1047 at WIOD, we'll be right back. Seven at WIOD, how's that to do? Prep needing go. We got around. The rings they do are always hook a cocoon. So by died before I get old. I'm not a bad man. Why generally? I thought Henry was in Portland. It's 11 o'clock at WIOD. So we have an open line in the center square. Let's just put that on endless loop and how it is done. Okay, screw it. It's Friday. I started to say we have an open line in the center square. But of course you already heard me say that. Didn't you throw the miracle of radio at 524WIOD? Hi, Alia. Alia. Yes sir. I heard soft in here. Yeah. But that problem when you got rid of rickweaver saying that I would improve beef and improve Don't start. We haven't even snapped the first snap yet. Don't be negative yet sir. Half the player doesn't sign. Well, hey, that's the problem. In fact, somebody asked old cambrew with the Martian sports license on Channel 6. Who we thought would win a game tonight. And he said when you consider the fact that many of the veterans will be absent, you know, it does create a problem. Well, I always did like Mike Tomzack and the Harbaw though. I think they may not play well, but they look at what is it? I think the guy's on the go to the issue is going as well as that meeting going on over there. Yeah, no, that's what that was. Well, really? Yeah. Yeah, we won't be seeing too much random. In fact, that was Randall Hill. That was Randall Hill. You can, I think just in case we'd better, it's 1109 at WIOD. We have an open line and Broward. Well, I look what it did for Cossout, you know? That's center square is open again. Or was it still been open? It's been open. I'm sorry, 524WIOD. Well, you know me, I'm so damn insecure. At a spurt? Cossout 3P, I'm National Weather Service radar indicated to get it to numerous showers and thunderstorms. Several of them are running home over the Sun of Florida. If an inch low, south of Darryl Beach, can go woodland.