I've been 20 yet. Now we got the not slanting lady on the line are you still there? I'm still here. I was forgot about you and I did forget this morning. I turned it on was all over with all of it. Oh no. Was it on? Yeah. Yeah. Pretty good. I turned on a 5 to 8 figuring out get the last bid in a course I didn't realize that it's so commercial. Yeah. It's no commercial so they show it in about 40 minutes. Right. by 20 to 80 not planning pre-feed on a satellite is history. It's three. Someone's boil it for you. Was it good? It was good. It was pretty good. It had a good point. Yeah. And he's all of a sudden the senator has got the liver transplant with bacon and onions and he's walking around. He's feeling great. Yeah, but he's going to get a blood of the BELC. He's going to get a wine. A blood of the BELC. I don't want to get in vain. It is. So we're going to be talking tomorrow. Great. Yeah, my husband and I are going to come out. Outstanding. Bring at least two or three grams. I've never been to the race. Hank is going to pick us some good winners. Good. Good. Bring him my paycheck. Great. Okay. Listen, we'll send you over to Camille's house next week. Right. Okay. Have a great night. You too. We'll be watching. I won't miss it this week. I don't miss it. And I won't be in the morning. Is our pal in it tonight? Yeah, you've been in it. Thank God. Like I said, I'll be watching real close. He's in G and 2. Like I said. See you tomorrow. Okay, bye. By the way, because I know Mr. Compton, I've come to contrived controversy. It's certainly listing of this hour because Alice has probably got the Evedinaryina. There was a PSA last night on a channel 7 news about the homeless. 24% of the homeless have jobs. They're working, but they're not making enough money. Like a step away from George at his wife. They're like 24% are working, but don't have enough money to afford to be able to have a place to live, like even a room. So all these people who continue coming on the air with the bombs and the generalizations and all the homeless are in Penn Station and they're all smarming all over the floor. You know, again, you can make all the excuses and you want for not contributing and not helping out, but people with the brain understand the real reason. Anyway, Bob Rubens column is incredible. I'm going to pick the appropriate time today to read it. Change that gun at, take that ass. Yeah. And meantime, let's take a call or two. We've got some on the board. We haven't even given the numbers. We've got all the numbers like yesterday. We did have a hostile color and plantation. And of course, since we do like that contract, we are your top number two top station because we've already got to talk, oh, look at that. The market's done almost 14 points. We already have the top leader in time. The thing that I found really amusing is before they cranked up their 25 watt light bulb before they even change a format. They were running promos. Hi, this is Norm Kent. Join me on your top leader. What does that mean? Another one of these ridiculous cliches. And by the way, Norm, I got to say this. I'm coming down 7th Avenue. I get off the golden glades. I'm coming down this morning. I punched them up for a couple of minutes. Who's he talking about? Me? That's the one thing. They ought to call a format. The station that talks about Neorodges all day. And I'm thinking, gee, I better slow down because I'm losing the signal. And just as he got to the part where he was making his big challenge in the Bobba. I couldn't hear it anymore. So whatever you said, leave it on my answering machine. Okay? And the check is in a mail. Anyway, 1031, a Wild, we lost our contrived hostel collar. They're on plantation. Please call back because we want you to venture a spleen for the whole world. I hear it. I'm a bad guy. I'm nasty. I'm rotten. I'm a son of a bitch. Etc. I mean, I admit it. And so is Bob Rubin and Ed Pope. But everybody else who says are right something that you don't like that you can't cope with because naturally college football is what life is all about. See my point really has nothing to do with college football. It's just has to do with it. It's just a behavior and antics and this whole community and there are a lot of people don't want to understand it because the people across sports talk most of them are professional jobs in it for as anyway. So no matter what they say, it isn't going to really be relevant because they can't see the deforest for the trees. And by the way, speaking of deforest, seriously, we talked to the hottest morning. He loved the show yesterday. He thought it was hysterical. Now, see at least we got one guy in his sports department that's got a good sense of humor who can see deforest for the trees. And that's where they came from. Well, that thing. Isn't it? You can't see deforest for the trees. Come on, Jeff. What's up? Fort Lauderdale. 80, a hurry. Okay, so far. Hey, how about the Americans, huh? Change a gun at cake, that rest. Oh! Hey, they've been in the top three of the past five years. Yeah, that's what college pal is. That's all accounts. Word number one man. Hey, man. I know they're one. Yeah. You know something? I don't know. And I don't care. College football is for pre-pubescent minds. Okay, it's a fun and games. Colorado needs five pounds to be the team. Who cares? Oh, kids. Go away. Go away. Go sniff some jog straps. Well, you're bad. You're bugging me. I'm not going to do that on sports stuff. That's for the jogs, and it presents sports stuff. This is for adults. Or people pretending to be adults. Like Hank. Hank's great. He had such a good show last night, but it was really taken me off because it was taking up all the time that I wanted to hear. I don't want to hear what Norman Brahmins got to say. I mean, he's got buddy Ryan and the Eagles and he's got to tell us about brutality on the field. Norman, your credibility on that topic is minimal ed best, okay? Mobile. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, Harry. Great. Happy New Year, sir. And the same to you. I was up at the New Science on last week's old boot. And late worth. Right. But it was great. He was doing it up there. Excellent. The next week's new boot is to get up there and get him a new picture so he can take down that picture of you in the Mr. Monovati from Lakeland that is somehow hanging in the front entranceway there. He's got the bird brain on the wall up there. Yes, sir. You're a smiling face that right next to him there. That face, too, probably. Those old fan pictures. What I was like. How? That's not that bad. One of the things I had a radio accident last night, I listened to the cane for a few minutes just to get out to noon. I left the office late. It was still on the station and I turned on the truck and it was on the radio talking to whoever it was that was on it. I guess about seven, three years ago, but your old pal Gilbert. All right. Oh man. What a great. What a radio is what he is. Thank God. Boy Gilbert, I'm telling you there are 24 hours a day. They're the talk leader. Just have a great time Gilbert with our blessing. Lead this. We're going to send Michael Corley on over there to kiss his ring. Have a great day, sir. 1035 at WI would do. We have a couple lines open now, both in Broward amazingly enough. We listen, we're out of business and Broward now. So we give the number very sheepishly. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3, 5, 2, 4. The veterinarian is in and will be right back. It's 1039. I got to pick a horse at Coder, a fuel will become apoptic and we want to have a good mood for when we come on to Marsal. Give us a winner. First race. There is a horse that jumps off the page. Jackie, you just cannot refuse. Mr. Partridge with Bobby Lester. These are four year old maiden's wild. Made in claiming 10,000. So these are the cream of the crab, crumb. Mr. Partridge with Bobby Lester. And you know what they say? There's no bestier than Bobby Lester. So that's our pick. Mr. Partridge in the first. You got it, Phil. It's in your hands with them and the bring them home. Is that a pig report on two? Hello. Hello. Long gone. Mobile from Green Acres. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I just want to express that I think you're bad for a South Florida fort. And I think you bring division between the players. And the fans, you never talked about anything positive about Sandy's 50 with an over 80 or 50 yards this year. Right. You've talked about the murder team. You've got great team for winning this year. And you're a negative, negative, negative. Thank you. You're much, much welcome. OK. And more of radio. OK. Have a nice new year. And it turned out real quick, so you're your voice, sir. Come on. You can do it. OK, you can let it go now. 1040, 20 till 11 at WIOD. Mr. negative, it's only Neil. It's that bad Neil. He's the one that's saying all of these things. Not Bob Ruben and not all these other people. Eddie Pope. Even if even the Pope says it, you've got a little credibility to that. Right. That's what Michael Corley-On would have said. There's an open line in date and one in, no, there's not. And one in Palm Beach, 655, Mr. Negative, 655, shoot the messenger. We're upset. OK, I call him as I see him and I'm not going to be a shield for anybody. OK. I love the dolphin. By the way, all you great dolphin fans, you got to go out there and make that game of sellout and get it on channel 10. So a lot of you can sit on your fan ass Saturday afternoon and watch it for free. You got to go for a clock. They gave you a one day extension. And let's see if you do like they didn't fill it out for you where they got the one day extension. They sold it out like the tickets were like hotcakes. Did you see the things that a news last night they showed the, I swear I saw fat rich waddling around there at one gate. I'm serious. There were like three or four people at the, a ticket game in middle of the day. It was like around the thing was taking a noon or one o'clock. There was nobody there. There's someone like coldcakes like Montenegrozen Saudi Arabia, like Halava in the Bronx. Or else brings. Yeah, Neil. I just call it up after all this up for about the hurricanes. I can't believe that they don't think hockey would go over big down here. Cains are gonna take that rest. Oh, yeah. You're like care about whether you're when I think you know rather than put on the office padding, we should maybe get a sport where they can. Well, you know, maybe it's just you're sick. Maybe it's just as well that we are going to get a hockey team as much as I'd like to have it for selfish reasons because I love hockey because all allow say this. The game we had the exhibition game with the Kings and the Rangers. The people who were there, the overwhelming majority of them were, you know, people who understood the game probably most of us from up north. You know, there were no fights in that game, obviously, because it was an exhibition game. Nobody was going to would click injury in the next edition game. And everybody loved it. We had a great time. So what I was going to start to say may be wrong, but you've got to understand college football has this Yahoo appeal anyway, you know what I'm saying? There's a certain, at least in the South. There's a Yahoo Redneck mentality and approach to college football and to the football in general football has more of a Yahoo appeal than say baseball or hockey or basketball and those sports. Well, I mean, a last night, I mean, I could just picture J. Leno saying, Jesus, I went to a hockey game in a hurricane football game, bro. God, yeah. Yeah. Well, we didn't get the hockey team, but we got the players pointed about that. And, you know, I mean, then you got to think now we're going to get a baseball team during the hot summer where no one's here. They can sell out a playoff game for the dolphin who make a playoff game. You know, the comment that is, you know, this, all of these great jobs there for is out there. They don't want to talk about that. All they want to talk about is I'm a negative guy and I'm a bad divisive force. I saw things that they didn't see and the people on CBS are a bunch of slime balls and Bob Rubber is a douchebag and any culture to eat the hull of on hell and all that kind of stuff. Because, you know, we're spoiled on their parade. They don't give it to him. How it happened, what happened? We won. We're great in all of this other crap and arrested the world is laughing at us, you know. Absolutely. I mean, you know, I listened to the gym manager last night and it matter that I got through and I said, well, I wasn't sure the hurricane was playing with good sportsmanship. He basically said, what sportsmanship got to do with winning? Yeah, but he was, listen, let me tell you, I listened to that whole show and he was playing with the audience because when he came on, I'm telling you, at 705 and at next five minutes, he said what was really on his mind and then he went back to a pacifying the Ajax Nipping Nusport stock audience. Right. When he says that there are no room in the NFL for jerks and that all day, it wasn't the officials and it wasn't the media. It was all a bunch of crap. I think that this is very well. I couldn't have said about him or more so simply myself. Okay, the other point. And I also spoke to Mr. Indy, the forest with the trees in the hallway and I got news for you. What you're hearing on the ear isn't necessarily exactly what all of our maven's think. Okay. Okay. I don't know. Too many people with IQ of over three who are defending the barbaric, rotest behavior that went on in the name of a football game and people have it a good time. And even the players are saying things for example, Darren Handy, senior center, says, I feel bad for the coach because he's going to take the heat, but we were just playing football. He says it might be embarrassing to the university and the coaches, but it's not to the players. We enjoy it. It's like a show. Right. The other thing I was thinking of my wife, our work yesterday and I turned on Steve Kane and not only is he picking on the home list. Now he says some of them were bringing down more money a week and he is panhandling. Yeah. He shouldn't feel bad. He probably make more money than we are. Well, listen, maybe we can give him a few baseball cards and make him rich. I'm going to say I hope you're going to order. It's your baseball card station ladies and gentlemen from six to ten and two to six we got baseball card mania. Well, I. Much of norm this morning. The first thing he's talking about is baseball cards and how the ridiculous the prices are. You know, I've got to be honest with you. Baseball cards are, you know, for about 30 seconds a year, I think pretty interesting topic. Well, I don't know. I have something from when I was a kid, which was probably about 20 years ago. Well, listen, get on the home list. Maybe I should listen because you know, I was a big boss and bro in the fan. I was just about all the teams from when I was a kid. But I'm I heard he came say that. Yeah, whatever it is, F. T. L. or W. D. Whatever it is. If they're going to have a little line of cards that print it up above the just draw. Yeah. And then they can then they can send them over to us and when we do our remote, we can give them out so people have them. Right. Cause they're definitely being, you know, a couple years from the probably three years, there'll be at least worth 10 or 20 cents. Yeah. I want to get that Rick Siderman card. Have a great day, sir. Thank you. 10. 45 at W. I. O. D. Or the natives are restless. Right? Change the gun to take that rat. Oh. Yeah. Okay. 10. 47 at W. I do this. One open line and Broward by the way. I realize we're up against the gun. 5. 2. 4. 9. 46. 3. A giant. Oh, we got a mobile on the star line. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. I want to see if they pretend to be an adult once in a while. Okay. Are you a doctor? Insert. L PDD News. How come we make an morning but again, I think some of the officials are here triggered because they know here a brain. But well, that's bad too. But it's, well, let's, let's for the sake of argument say that half of the 15 yard of those grotesque penalties were overreaction by those nasty SEC officials who love the gators and who hate us like, well, so that leaves poor personal files. When the last time you saw four personal files in one game against one thing. You're absolutely right. See, that's something these people are kicking about. Even giving the greatest amount of latitude and ripping the men and the stripes, it's ridiculous. Yeah. I was watching the news the other day and one of those rocket scientists to play for the hurricane came out with the statement, well, that's the way we are and we're not going to get into it. And the thing that one out at the end of the game, when they all broke out in the dance and it was the most embarrassing scene I have ever seen. And if that's what this community is proud of and then that's what, and that had nothing to do with the game. I mean, that was after it was over. If that's what you people want to see, then good luck to you. That's all I can say. But then again, it comes back to what you said. So what's college football anyhow? A bunch of crafts. Exactly. It's the minor league city in itself. Right. Well, why don't we call it? Why don't we pay them to call it what it is and let everybody go out and rip their heads off? Right? Sir, his mobile phone just died. Sorry, it wasn't me, sir. It's that Chief Cellular Phone. Get with it. We have one open line in Broward. 524Wild, 524, we're dying over here and one on the star line. For our bell-soft mobility, Jackson Hooper is at star, IOD. 1049 will be right back. 1053 and Wild, do we have an open line in date, 751? And the Broward lines were off-finished and Broward, they got their own talk leader up there. They're all open, but if there's anybody left, they're all open. 524, 9463, 524Wild. We can handle it. We're big guys. The Giant Span. Me now? Yes sir. Back on, it's for me to couple of weeks. Yeah. The Giant is going to do it, baby, while I'm going to the soup loaf. Good luck to you. You'll need it. Well, at least you saw it fell out, like the office. Hey, listen. What are you arguing with me about? I don't. Do I know it? Yeah, you know it. How come you guys don't play in the city, though? How come you play in Jersey? I can keep you out of the United States. It was in battered because they had 2300 murders in New York last year. You realize what the population of the city is going to be if they continue escalating at the present rate by the year 2000, there would be like 40 people left. Yeah, then I can go back then. Howard Stern will have an 80 share, but it will only represent six people. Unbelievable. Yeah, then we can all move up there and have a good time. That's it. That's it. Well, now let me ask you, is it just coming back? There's maybe four other championship games against the Eagles. But, again, it's the Eagles, yeah. Maybe. Definitely. Well, I hope the Eagles go easy on them. I mean, because they're one of the cleanest teams in the league. That's what Norman Raymond told us. Yeah, sure. A good luck, sir. Okay, bye. You'll need it. Let's get those tickets bought up, okay? So we don't have giant fans like that column and wrote it in. Rubbing your nose in it. And we can't, you know, the one thing we don't, I have no idea how many tickets are made. They just won't tell us. What does the deal with that? Remember that time you called up and they said they got real hostile? And they said we wouldn't even tell Rick Weaver how many tickets are left. They're very mysterious about that over at JRS. So there is Volkut tickets left and he got to the four o'clock this afternoon to get your lazy ass over to Jorabi Stadium and buy him and put it silent. Some of these cryptic critics from out of town. And Clint Eastwood has the Beaver. Thanks, you're in the ring and got there Beaver. I don't see any tickets. Beaver. Why do you idiot? It's 14 Karyth Kool. What's that, you have there, Beaver? Beaver's got a cool range, you see? Doesn't look like real gold's name. Hey, Judy, bite me. I'm not allowed to buy stuff. I go to an orthodont. All right, then, Judy, bite this. You know, he's shorter, Beaver. Yeah, you really showed it. 11.06, a good old W.I.O.D. Why would we just play all this stuff to the right of the day, huh? We do have a full board of calls there. Oh, boy, aren't you excited? But we should play all the ACN stuff. It's kind of a bonus for our sane people out there in the audience. So once they don't call, West Palm Beach. Oh, yeah, and you're happy new year. Happy new year, a certain type of the thing to you. Uh, I just like to say, you know, I'm a real big hurricane. And I got 10 inches around all over my house. You have what? I'm a big hurricane fan. I've got 10 inches sitting up on my wall, you know, shirt, national champions. You're doing penance? 10 inches. You know, you know, they enter? No, I know. I know. How about football cards? And, uh, I know, not at that, not at that. No hurricane cards, at least. And, uh, yeah. But I just like to say, you know, based on yesterday's performance, and probably throughout the last three or four years with Johnson in a airship of coach, I think Miami has done more through the Strasse, three university and the city of Miami. The Florida could ever have done a district through the university in city by being put on probation and that's just a point of like the means may have made them normal. Big spam, but I, you know, I just don't understand why. Don't let all these other people grow beats. You don't feel embarrassed to speak the truth and speak your mind because these other folks, you're first of all a bunch of phoneys. Most of them five years ago, the other hurricane football team from their ass. And, uh, they're just a bunch of front running slabs and they just want to cover it up and bask in it. That's okay. And they said, they see what they want to see. Look, you know, that's exactly right. Because I can remember back to, uh, when we had to power snow and burden, we wanted to hand me to be 83. We'd be probably one of the greatest teams ever as simple college football in that Nebraska team, you know, row zero, or moving from all those players. And we did, that was a brutal death defying game. You know, and we did, we did with pride, dignity, and we did it without the antics that we have today. And you know, I would much rather be remembered for teams like that than a team that we have now. We can't, you know, we do what we've been in a fear you're team and we have to use the tactics that we do. We probably need three when out. And you know, the best team ever doing it, you know, fair play, you know, with intelligence, with coach. Well, you know, Erickson had that press conference yesterday. And I'll quote directly. It says Erickson, who said he was embarrassed by his player's actions, didn't think any of it was funny. He said it did get out of hand. Okay. That's from the horses, but. Yeah, he's, uh, you know, he doesn't mention anything about his team. Our team. Right. Yeah. He like kind of set the tone for with a big stupid mouth. You know, and in, I don't, I really don't think that, you know, the change is going to start with the president of the universe. I think that it's kind of, you know, if the alumni be typing and alumni that decide what goes on to that university, like this type of, you know, play these type of anics and it's going to go on for a long time, regardless what the president is. Hey, it's big bucks. Yeah, it's big bucks. That's all it's all about. You know, and I just like to make one more point, I'd like to say, you know, all these people, aren't supporting the dog and find tickets, you know, calling up criticizing them. You know, I just like to say when we get all the way to the super bowl this year and next year, you know, you guys can just stay home. We don't, you know, don't say the salt and do your team. Exactly. Well, I'm going to buy a club box seats for next year for the whole season so that I can, you know, enjoy the game and sit in an air condition comfort, have a little sandwich, not, not sit next to the school teacher. Have a great day. You can go. By the way, if finally, Dodd on me, remember yesterday was trying to think of that cheer that they do a games, which is like, okay at high school games, and they also do it at football games. But in, in this time, you'll even hear people doing it at the dolphin game. And it is so soft and more like in juvenile. Here we go, Tiger. There we go, and they're kind of, that is so I'm telling you folks, if any of you do it at the dolphin game on Saturday, we're going to have you immediately taken care of by Don Vito. Fat Rich, I'm telling you, it is just unacceptable. That's like for kindergarten games, okay? Here we go, Tiger. Here we go. Here we go. And it's like that, that thing that's the guy we're talking about yesterday with those bands that play the same. You know the one I'm talking about? I mean, okay, but see that point is that college football. It's like a juvenile level. It's fun. It's a child's play. That's what it's supposed to be. And the people in this town don't understand it. This is supposed to be a major metropolitan community, okay? And the jackass that called earlier that said that I was divisive and I criticized Sammy Smith, you see, I'm a bit cup fan too, but their guys on a team, who's suck? And that doesn't mean that I'm a lesser of a fan because, in fact, that gives me a right to criticize if I'm a devoted family go up to Chicago. Like, don't even live there. We go to the games, we pay for the tickets, we pay for the hot dogs, we have a good time, all right? So to be overly critical is the other point, okay? That's obnoxious. But you know, it's called it like it is, be honest. I mean, if I go to sit here and tell you that Steve Wilson is a great pitcher? No. Or that your own Walton is a great center of field or no. I'm going to call him as I see him. That doesn't make me less of a fan or divisive. Sammy Smith and my opinion, stinks. And he runs up all his yards against horsemen or a team. That's my opinion. I hope I hope Saturday against 200 yards because I'm a fan. I want us to win. But to try to compare that with being honest about the Hulligan tactics that would on a new cotton ball on Tuesday, it's garbage. It's just another attempt to cover it up and sniff that yarn. That's all you want to do, because it makes you feel better. Supposed to be a major market where you support your professional team. College teams are for the basically for the alumni and the student body. Don't you people understand that? I don't get it. In New York, do they talk hey, Columbia, man, Columbia kicked ass this week. Of course not. The alumni and the student body at these schools talk about it. Like, manage with a stink and Michigan wall for reins. It would might meet with my stink and Spartans. That's what it's all about. And the idea that all of a sudden if we live in Miami, we have to be big hurricane football fit. I don't understand that I've never understood that. I just don't get it. Because that's college stuff for college people and alumni. The professional stuff is what major league communities get into in support. And Detroit, do they talk about the, I don't even know if the university Detroit's got a football team. I don't know, Wayne State's got a football team. Are they busy talking about that? Of course not. They're talking about the lions and the tigers and the red wings and the pistons. Whatever else they got, that at a course of people who went to Michigan, the alumni, which is enormous numbers or to Michigan State, they're the ones to get on the I-94 up there and jam up the highway and go nuts and go and go crazy. So that there's 78,000 people that he's lancing every home game or 100,000 in an or a bit because that's what it's all about for the student body in the alumni. And I'm going to tell you if the university had to depend on a student body to support the sporting events that go on here, including baseball and basketball where they can't draw flights, they have to hold up the whole program. That's the sad part of it. And I realized the university isn't as big as some of the, I'm talking about, but let's face it. How many alumni are there in South Florida? Gotta be enormous. Many, many thousands aren't there? Gotta be lots. I know there's a lot of Florida people in FSU people. Gotta be a lot of alumni and their families and friends of the student body and their family's gotta make up a lot of people. What the hell am I talking about? It's 11, 14 will be right back. It's 11, 18. It's a video I OD. That's a classic. That's outstanding. Mobile? Yeah. Yes, sir. I just, I'm, I think that I've never really heard this customer, you're sure anybody else is shut. When you talk about non-support for the adults, I had to see some tickets to 10 years for the Miami Dolphins. Yeah. And two things occurred. One did affect me, but it affected a lot of people. When Joe Robby Stadium opened up, they screwed a lot of people. Yeah, a lot of people. The other point is, I hear people say about how great Joe Robby's video is. Well, I don't know what perspectives they have, but might even be our own bowl in the front row. I have, I have, I have. There the orange bowl was a hemorrhide inducing dump. Absolutely. No doubt about. But from the prospect of being able to view the action and being a part of the action for the fans did rated number one. The orange bowl? Yes. Because you don't have any writing. There. But the field was right there. If you're sitting in the upper part of the orange bowl, I'm going to say upper deck, but there in the, uh, nosebleed seats. You're about four miles away. That way, that's true. But I mean, you know, there's no stadium in the upper reaches that you're going to see everything. I don't think there's a bad seat in the stadium in Joe Robby Stadium. It's a state of the art. It's a beautiful place. I mean, I can, when you're talking about getting screwed with the tickets, a lot of people at that problem, I'm not going to argue because it's a fact. But to try to knock the stadium, I just don't buy that. To me, it is a fabulous stadium. And the only thing that makes for the plastic atmosphere are the people who are in it. That's the problem. Well, part of the problem is, you know, my seats in Joe Robby were front row again. To see the action on the field. I need a binoculars. I mean, who wants to be sported out of the fact from the field sitting in the front row? Well, all I can, all I can tell you is that when we're not in the seats, which I have great seats on a 50 yard line, which is a lot further if you're front row and we're on a 50 yard line, a lot further back in you are. Right. I have no problem with seeing anything. If we go up in the sky box, which is that much further up in a way, I don't have any problems seeing the action. And there are a lot of people who do take binoculars. So what's the big deal? How about, like, every municipal stadium in Cleveland, and you're up in the bleachers, four miles from the field, watching a crappy team? I mean, you know, you can make all the excuses in a world. We've got a kick-ass team, part, you know, nobody dreamed this team would ever make the playoff much less go 12 and four. Let's not make excuses. You should now. Okay. Let's revel in it and support them and enjoy it. I still love to see my nothing against it. Yeah. Okay. All right. Go on, buy some tickets. 21 after 11, what he's already got is, a star IOD on Bellsouth, mobility. Let's go to Miami. Hello. And you? Yeah. Yeah. My comment on the hurricane issue, you know, the whole situation is, you look at it based on the coach not taking the call. Amen. Like I said, the piece they used out of my show on channel 7. Last night I said, Dennis Erickson has to take responsibility. And if he couldn't control the actions of the players, and you can't come out of the game if they were doing crap, that he still has to take responsibility. That's his fault. He's a whim. If he's going to let it go on and then go out and say he was embarrassed by it, didn't think it was funny and it got out of hand at all or Southern. Whereas he'd do something about it. I mean, I mean, I mean, Christ, if you look at it real good, I mean, second, second quarter I'd meet being the coach out of Jack, all the guys off. Yeah. And I'm going to say it again. I'm going to say for all these people, I was saying, well, we played great, which they did, by the way. In 146 to three, without 200 yards in penalties, they could have won 76 to three. And they wouldn't have left the bad taste in everybody's mouth and given a bad mark to the mark to the school in his town. And also a lot of those people voting in the pool. Yeah, probably they wouldn't ever want to hire the number three, but certainly probably gotten a few more votes because of the fact that the people wouldn't have been so turned off by it. But we will say to the sexist people, top clients, next year you're going to have four things hurricane is playing dirty for YouTube. OK. That's the care. See? Well, you know, I have those sympathy for Texas and that whole program Texas Oklahoma, that whole Yahoo country over there. Their programs are notorious and they think like, anyway, some certainly not sticking up for them. It's just that these guys, based on the history of that everybody this time gets involved in it. And I still, if you could explain that to me, I'd love to hear about it. I just don't understand it. I do not understand how college football, I was going to say sports, but it's only the football team, creates such a cure in a town that's got a professional football team that has a professional basketball team that is on the verge of getting a baseball team that was an inch away from getting a hockey team or several inches away. I don't get it. If we're out hurricane football fans and we're bad people and we're assholes, et cetera, et cetera. I don't understand that. I didn't go to school there. In fact, I didn't go to school much of Michigan State either. I had a good time there for five semesters, but at least that's where I was allegedly enrolled anyway. And that's my team, okay? I do remember having done hurricane baseball for all those years when Michigan State played us in baseball. I certainly wanted the hurricanes to win because I'm a hurricane baseball fan. In addition to which when I was in Michigan State, I never went to a baseball game. I went to all the hockey games, all of basketball games in the old genus and field house. Certainly went there via home football game and some on the road. We went to South Bend and experience I would never want to go through again. But that was in college. That was Rauron. Here we go. Spartans. Here we go. Here we go. You know, that old that's just the child play. It's cocoa. Okay, it's fun. I'll grow it already. Grow up. Grow up. And let me say it again. I wanted to direct the parallel between the attitude of Dan Marino. Most of the dolphins toward Tim McCoyer. He was a big mouth, great player. He puts his money where his mouth is. He does a great job on a field. But let's not, you know, they're not happy about him shooting off a big mouth before the playoff game and they made that very clear. And as Jim Mandit said, there's no rule many NFL for jerks. 24 after 11 at WIOD and we'll return. Pain's not going to take that rest. 11 27 at WIOD or in speaking of case, we got Hurricane basketball tonight, huh? Don't hear anybody talking about that. UM and St. Joseph seven o'clock after which the Hank Loverchow with special guests Steve O'Lamo. And every day I have to try some Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I'd like to say my point of view on the keen. Okay, go ahead ahead. Sir, this is America after all. All right. We've got a four or five seconds. You're going to come y'all? No. All right. I think you're very hypocritical. Okay. And well, I'll buy a thought you were going to talk about the keen. Now you're talking about me. In other words, you want to shoot the message on and on. You don't want to know. No, no, no, on the keen subject. Okay. Simply because you talk about hockey, which is probably the most violent sport. Can I let you that little secret? Mm-hmm. I like hockey, not the fact I'm nauseated by the people who go to hockey games to see fights and blood. Just like the people who go to see auto racing, we want to see a crash and see people get killed. That's not why I love hockey. I love the sport. Okay. That's one thing. I mean, speaking for myself, I will admit to you beyond a shadow of a doubt. There are a lot of people go to hockey games because they want to see violence. I would probably. But if you understand hockey, you would understand that first of all, the fights in hockey, nobody's really getting hurt most of the time because they got 85 pounds of equipment and clothing on and they're just tearing each other's. They're holding on to each other doing a little wall. So, if they also have sticks, yeah. And they beat on the... Exactly. And when I see, in fact, any shack used to play for my Toronto Maple Leafs, one of the craziest players we ever played was a wicked with a stick. And I was embarrassed by it, okay? Because the people get mained and blinded and severely injured by spearring and hijacking. And there's no place for it. You're right. Um, second of all, as far as the referee's concerned, I see, see, listen, I'm not going to, you know, say that they're back, because they're... Thank you. Oh, that's all cry. That's great. That's good. We went there. We only went by, I'm wondering, can we cry? I want to listen to what I have. Okay, I'm listening, but I'm crying along with you. I want to cry. Okay, go ahead and cry. All right. The referee could have taken control of that game from square one by a judge. Why is one or two people? Yeah. That's my opinion. Okay. 200 yards and telling me that there was something that bad they should have ejected somebody early. That's tons of message. Well, that's a point. That's a valid point. And they didn't do it for whatever reason. And square one. Or maybe when they had the altercation at the beginning of the first series for the hurricanes running sideline, they should have told Eric, so when he opened up his big mouth, the next altercation we are going to kick some people out. It's not even telling. They should just do it. Yeah. The players they want to play. That'll stop a lot of that. Second of all, as far as a black mark on Miami's firm. And you know, I don't know where that comes from, but you know, you're going to work. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. And call this town a successful. It is. And I've got to listen to it. Well, you've got to listen to it. Wait a minute. Okay. I'm going to read just one of the things to it. You're going to listen to a wide-y-one listen to it. I want to think I'm going to hypocrite the douche bag and you don't like what I say. You're not being honest. I love listen. You are the Miami hurricanes of talk radio. Yeah, right. That's my opinion. Well, that's why I like listening to you. Let me say this to you. Okay. I wish this town was everything or most of everything that it could be. See, I've lived here for almost 16 long years. I love the weather. I love the beaches, the sand, the palm trees, the racetracks. I love a lot of things here. But this town is a bush-lead town. It's run by a bunch of douche bag politicians and blue-haired seniors to this and to want everything for themselves. I mean, do I have to, you know it's true? Oh, no. I'm not arguing with you. You think this town has fulfilled its potential or even scratched the surface? And I go on vacation. I go with the Vegas where the weather much of the year is marginal at fest. And it's packed and everybody's having a great time and they're raking in the dough. And it's like a different world. We can have all of that here and we don't because it's just a, it's like a festering racial sewer here. We got the blacks and the Cubans and the anglo's and the Jews and the Gentiles and this and it's all that ever goes on here. It's pathetic. It's sad. You're right. Now I can sit here and be a show and say, hey, we're the greatest. And this is the best town in the world in New York, Sox and Chicago, Stigson. And I'd want to show for anybody. Okay. I mean, when I start paying the amygdianner two year, then I'll show it because everybody's got their price. But until that day starts, which isn't going to happen, I'm going to say what's on my mind. Okay. And that's why you listen to the show and you know it. You're right. Absolutely. Have a nice life. Happy New Year. Bye. Boy, like I said yesterday, we're starting a new year with an awful lot of energy here. I'll wait a little bit too much. I don't want to be worn out by vacation time again. See, that's the rough thing about vacation. I want more vacation time, not just for me, but for everybody. You go on vacation, you get your batteries, charge, recharge, write, Sarah, selling. What is your name? And you come back and you're full of piss and vinegar. Or part of that. And you're ready to rock and roll. But then is the weeks and the months drag on. I mean, for me to think that it's like six more months before I go on vacation again. And I think that Marvin the raw man is out there playing Mr. Abondi, Vaance somewhere. That's outrageous. Here's a man who should have been stuck in the desert in the negative with a map toward the Ameditorian Sea. But that's okay. Hey, listen, what's your one? Pick it all this money. You get all this vacation dug at three weeks a year. What the hell is he want? I want five, but I'll settle for four. How's that? Months. Four Latterdale. Hey, deal. Don't you agree, sir? More vacation time for everybody. Absolutely. Starting with me. And then with you. I am. You know, you were talking about Vegas and what I'd call, but I wanted to talk about the game to where I watched the game to and I'm a real game stand. I went every time. You know, they were shaking their booty. I mean, once their twice was fine. Yeah. At the end of the game, that display. I mean, after you pummel somebody 46 to three and you've beaten them physically, emotionally, mentally, every possible way. And then to go out there and do that, Jive as craft. It's a whole whole minute. It's embarrassing. Gosh, league. And not only that, I had read some words. The paper where there were a number of the extirricates that were on the sideline. They said that that may have been instigated. They said do whatever it takes to win. And there was, I don't know. Even though you get old Jimmy Johnson was there with his, a funny wig on a sideline. The wind was yelling at me. Could withstand that. Yeah. I heard of you right before the Christmas break. They're talked about being in Vegas. I hear that you stated the extircalder. No, I went in there. The lie, um, I make the rounds. I was in the garage. I thought the extircalder was fantastic. We stayed there. Did you like it? I was unbelievable. Yeah, I wasn't. Southern California for a weekend. And it was during the weekend of October when the fight was in Vegas. Right. Right. 30 second wonder. And we couldn't get in. We were, you know, and there was so small amount of California. We decided let's go to Vegas. We couldn't get a room. We drove there anyway. Frosted Desert, which is a trip. And get it up getting a room. A beautiful room at the extircalder. Flexive, Bucks, and night. Right. And of all the casinos. We were there all the whole weekend. That was the hop and the casino. It really was a lot of action going on. Yeah. And it's a beautiful place. Before I went, I was asking people because I had not been in the morage or the extircalibers since they're both new. Yeah. And people were saying, well, the morage is great. The extircalibers is garbage. It's like Disney World. I don't know what these people were talking about. I mean, if you look at the outside with the castles and all that stuff. Yeah. Well, right. It's like Disney World. But inside it is one of your right. The most beautiful, a lot of the most happening. Because you know, you'll up the escalators on its second level. That's third level. Well, you'll look down at the casino. Right. Go downstairs. I heard you talking about the little medieval village. Right. In the restaurants, they got a tiny restaurant in German and the buffet. And it's great. I don't know what the hell anybody would want. When we went to, for example, we talked over to Caesar. And I mean, the entrance to Caesar's in the morage. You could drop dead from it. Yeah. Right. Well, the outside of the morage is amazing. That's that volcano in all that. But the Caesar's casino was dead. I mean, it's so spread out. I kind of liked the fact that the excercos that I like to play blackjack. And it was all kind of central locate. It was all kind of action going on. The only thing at the Excalibur, it is so big that the sports book is what where I came in. The entrance I came in. It's on the right there. With the flags. You're right. And from the valley parking and the comment, and I had to get it. My bearings in the beginning. Because I really was afraid I was going to get a loss. And then go outside and have to walk all the way around the building. You should put that back in. Now, seriously, the so-called enormous. And so I kept used the sports book as kind of like a post, you know, to find my way. Yeah. Well, I was there a lot anyway. It would have to be over a Sunday. And it was a lot of fun. I see why. And keep those phone numbers handy. You bet. But just wanted to touch base to be on that. I tried to call you during the holidays and talk about that. It would be worth talking about Vegas. It just happened to give me a perfect segue. Well, I was on hold there. My junior general was great to have. That would be nice. Bye. 1137 at WIOD. We have an open line in date. And we have a county. It said, was that Randy Martin in the hallway that I just saw? Wow. I have come and she don't have a show over there on life full of radio. Oh, she doesn't have any baseball cards. Oh, okay. Can we get her something? Anyway, the new year is here. Well, what do you expect from the Sun Sentinel? It's 1140 at WIOD. Randy Martin isn't here sorting out her fan mail. Well, listen, open it slowly. Oh, it's only one piece. Save her the moment. How come you're not on FTO? There's just so many people's answers. Not a lot of room. Yeah, but if you get like some diamonds or stones to rub on and you could be Genie change your name to tipsy. I'm sorry. I'm not going to give you the thing. I like Shirley personally, but wow, she is just the Shirley McLean at talk radio. For a lot of days. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh-huh. I'd like to ask you, do you think the Dolphin fans are the Pittsburgh Party? The Pizzer Pyrids fans of the NFL? We're not that bad. We at least, you know, we come close to film the place up the pirates. That last couple of weeks of the season in Pittsburgh. I don't believe it. I thought it was a bit epidemic. I don't understand it. I would watch those games on a satellite and they'd be like almost nobody there. And even on one day they had a promotion. There was like 20,000 people there and the stadium in the T-52 or 55. And here they were having a great season and going for the division, which they wanted. I don't know. That's a really, you talk about a crap sports style. That's it. They do support the Steelers. Penguins, that's another story. Well, how about the commentary? Before I know what was the CBS? The commentator. He's like, oh man. About what? A commentator on baseball and CBS? Jack Buck? Yeah. Well, Jack died about five years ago and nobody told him about it. So how many tickets for me and for the Dolphin fans? Yes, this is good as mine. I would guess probably two, three thousand anyway. Well, Dan Bishop can come with the money. Exactly. Part of the truck and a parking lot saved the diesel fuel for a couple of months and used it to buy up those tickets while you free loaders can see the game. Sure. That's a least they can do. Hamburger Marshall. Do you think he's got Marbleman as a mouth? I think Cam Brrell is head hit the ground with a spaceship landed. I think he had a rough landing. He talked like I do. Nervous attack, right? Exactly. And like you said, with Marbles in their mouth. Have a nice life, sir. It's 1143 at WIOD. We have a major broadcast celebrity online right now. Let me tell you. I'm Helium. You and alumni. Wow, this guy is suffered. This man was the, he was the symbol for the King Orange Parade the other night. They used his head. I suffered through all the losses in the late 70s. They said the size was a little lumpy but the shade was just perfect. I turned the game off in the first quarter when I'm a big cook. Your head I'm talking about a court. Listen, if I want to watch Dan think I'm going to turn on Danny Cario. Yeah, I'm one of those, Jai Man's Danchos on TV. So old Dan's part of your something. That was just, oh man, I just, I don't know if they know where to describe it. Speaking of shows that you're only in a bush league town like this would you have thousands of people getting a stericle trying to defend it. Yeah. Anyway, speaking of new shows that you hear about the new Sean CBS called Acorn and Andy, starring Steve Kane and Andy Garcia. Yeah. You know what they say? The horn don't fall far from the tree. I don't think it falls at all. I don't think it falls at all. Yeah. Listen, I'm, uh, well, uh, the rumor has it that he's so heavily into the baseball cards. Now that that's kind of taken over as the new number one part of his loan. Yeah, but those edges are so sharp. They have the baseball cards too. There you go. Well, I'm leaving after the dolphin game. I wanted to call and take a bite. If somebody would have only told him that the the oil that had birth at the edges were so sharp, maybe Steve and I both have been a little bit. What's the oil? Repri-quip to deal with life. A moil is the a siphonite. The guy who had his eyes are saying cutting comments. I didn't, we're leaving after the dolphin game. I'm heading for Chicago for what? I'm going to be out there for a month, given the shot. See if I can make some money and you're going to go up there to stay. Yeah. Well, great. You can be our Chicago correspondent. There you go. You will call us of course. I will do that. You mean you're leaving? It's tell me ask you something. How are you going to maintain that orange, uh, pasty complexion that was so cold up there? In seven degree weather. You'll have to go before you leave going to birdines and Jordan Mars. They have that stuff that you get in the orange, uh, you know, what do they call that stuff that tanning is instant tanning? It's a nice heat. Yeah, right. You see and you put it on and you sit there within minutes. You look like olive oil. A lot of the cartoon or something. You look, it'll be right up your alley, Sally. Are you going to be in the press box Sunday? Are you going to be down? No, sir. I do not have any press passes because obviously I could have gotten them if I asked. But fill, uh, you know, with a little squeamish about it because they're overwhelmed for that. Being the wonderful humanitarian that I'm on pain for my two feet fat reaches getting them for me. I'm paying for my 50 art line seats and I have my, uh, sticker. My parking says all I asked for from the States was my parking sticker, which I have in my hand right now. And that's it. Are you going to be in your little box of shorts? Oh, yeah. I'm going to wear my Zubis pants. There you can. Can you kick out at the gate? Can you answer a question for me, honestly? I'll try. What did Henry Barrow do? Because that guy is so neat. What could he have possibly done? Well, no, there is a real story behind that. And I don't know it. There's a story about he did something or said something back in the old days. But he said something honest and the powers that the Mr. Robbie and Mr. Weaver, of course, which at that time were joined at the hip. Yeah. Evidently didn't cotton to it. And he just kind of threw the powers that be faded into the woodwork and out of the stadium and back into the studio here and ever to be seen again. Well, but it is a good point. I hope maybe, maybe, Henry won't do it because he needs the job. But maybe somebody who knows the story behind the story will let us know. Yeah. I mean, maybe that's the reason why some of our sports people there at IOD can't be like, was that Gabe Taplin' the call the other day? Who was that the call to your show that was I rate about the hurricanes that really said it like it was? Gabe Taplin'? Was it Gabe Taplin'? Oh, you mean, Alam Barrow? Alam Barrow? I'm fine. Wait, look at that. There's another stack of mail for a Commodore South study that just brought me. How do you like that? Wow. We're going to go over 100 and a, what, close to 105,000 by the end of the day.