How about the walk? Oh, the walk not bad either. Oh, yeah. But the artwork's great. The tool's a little rustic, you know? So you started to get this new andresol kind of feeling when you're cooking. Mm-hmm. But, uh, but it really works really well. Does it? Yeah. Works better than all the aluminum ones. Great. Well, boy, I sure hope we do a lot of business for Chef Crowley and Wally National. That may be very happy. Okay. Thank you, sir. Have a good day. Great American. Man, that's all I wanted to hear. And the salads here, thanks to a green sheet Randy from over across the street. The salads here. Thank you, Randy, for picking it up. We have most of the lines open now. We were doing okay there toward the end of the hour. And then the news came and audio us. Bye, bye. We're busy today. We got full rich lives. We don't have time to talk to you. You know what? Guess what? I don't either. I'm eating lunch. And look at these beautiful plantains. This is one of the great discoveries in the history of mankind. The sonny has made for me finding discovering plantains. In the store, I mean, they look ready. You know, they look kind of like still bananas. Although there is a beautiful fresh banana here. Can I interest anybody in a beautiful banana? Now, how about a beautiful green apple? Because you know what they say? I made little green apples. That's what I say. And if you eat nothing, these you get the green apple quick step, which is very exciting. Anyway, it's 1107 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward. I just saw a Phil costume walking down the hall again. Give a big smile in here. I'm sorry, bro. I couldn't make it. Okay. Don't get upset. They hate me like poison because they didn't go to the games. Hey, listen, I can't live my life to make everybody else happy. That's all the risk to it. We have an open line in Broward. 524 plantain. 524 walk. Kendall. Oh, Neil. How you doing? Okay, pal. I, uh, they got you with the walk. I got his ripped, thick right here. You know what I mean? I didn't make the game this weekend either of them. He said there is one problem though when you're trying to uh, clean out the skillet. Oh, yeah. It's hard. It's hard. It is very hard. Yeah. Uh, so since I didn't make the game, I, I, well, I guess you're another slime ball like I am, sir. I guess we'll have to do several years of penance to make up to all these people who hate us like poison because we like good boy ball game. Well, I, I ended up next best thing was watch TV and I watched the, uh, skiing master's, you know. That's good. That's almost as good as the beach volleyball. That's one of my favorites. Also have a request. I bet. You can put it in your pocket. Yeah, right. Good luck to you, sir. Okay. Okay. It's 1108 at WIOD. The Mike Tyson tape met an awful fade here not too many days ago and never to be heard again. We had another one that we played a couple of times. It also will be never heard again that I liked a lot. It's 1109 at WIOD and uh, here's a mobile from Key West. We do a favor in the one just kind of like chilling the blank on this one real quick for me. So to speak. What? Can you fill in the blank? Oh, we got this one. Oh, what was that? No. Just fill it with one. That is a choir. Bager, major, major, major. Thank you, Neil. Okay. No problem. 1109 at 610 WIOD or class station for the 90s or a class act and don't let anybody give you any crap to the contrary. Okay. We just do what comes naturally. These are good to these bite-sized bagel chips that came uh that uh race track. Oh, and did I hear Mike Reneri say this morning was going to have Altta Cocker Sydney. Call again. We're carrying the triple crown races again. Of course, this year the uh derby the pre-gnus in the Belmont stakes. Because that also mean we're going to get a chance to chat with our good close personal friend Dave Johnson. Great guy. We usually call this, gives us the drawer and his own personal analization of the races. That'll probably happen. But also Altta Cocker Sydney is going to be calling in handy crapping the races on a microneree show. Wow. What that man doesn't know about horse racing could feel volumes. Like an encyclopedia. Anyway, there's one open line in date 751 WIOD. The ladies are not going to participate today. It's the post holiday thing now. It would be for the holidays. They were busy shopping. Now they're busy uh doing something. We have an open line in Palm Beach 655 9463 655 WIOD. How about watching a great ball game tonight? If you have sports channel, a Florida no problem. If you don't have sports channel, the Florida you're going to miss out. A lot of good stuff. For example, this month catch the National Hockey League playoffs exclusively on sports channel. In all of our 40 live games leading up to an including the Stanley Cup playoffs. Call your local cable company today. I guess they mean leading up to the finals. Also our friends at Sports Channel, a Florida making great progress and getting cable companies to pick up on their service. So the calls that we keep urging you to make are getting the job done. It takes some time to a little bit slow just like our audience. But in a long run it pays off. In fact, Hollywood cable vision just recently added sports channel a Florida because their customers demanded it. They wanted it and they wanted it like yesterday. So if you want to follow the National Hockey League, the heat, the canes, the gators and some real sports, not just that Canadian curling. You get sports channel a Florida. And if your cable company doesn't have sports channel a Florida offer to you, give a call and be sure to tell them that Rotten can't take risk near Rogers. At WIOD sent your bias due to demand sports channel a Florida. I love flying on, getting light from such a high-glow TV box. People would like to try to fly to fly to the big round. They're all around. They're big and round. They're all around. They're all around. It's hard. It is very hard. Well, I'm enjoying playing some of their cards so tell you that. Not boobs a lot but that other little stuff. In fact, most of their stuff is like just a couple of seconds long, if you notice. Seriously, well, that's because they're two guys trying to talk about it. They can't have a lot of long stuff because it makes for too long of an interruption. So short stuff like that is good. It's 11-16 at WIOD or short station. And here's a mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. Yeah sir. Then for one of those rusty wax. Yeah. Yeah, right, rusty really. Now you have to put a thin coat of oil on it. But you've got to scrape the rust off. Yeah, that's not bad. Well, listen, they got this great, this incredible spray-on in a can product that eliminates rust forever. Oh, for sure. And crushed. Just sprayed in your walk-in-out and you're under where it's tremendous. Yep. He got to get the pants in name. It's a great name. I even have a pants that played on my mind. Oh, come on. Give it me a break, will ya? What do you hear from Madonna Neil, really? Have a nice life. Panthers. That is the most pathetic, embarrassing, crappy thing. And again, it's an ego trip. He went to some stupid little school in a four-laterdale and their nickname was the Panthers. So we're going to call the baseball team the Florida Panthers. And just, it's just not a baseball name, okay? It sucks the Panthers. Oh, the more you say it, the worse it is. I mean, even the Pelicans, I mean, that would be Bushley, but even that would be better. The Panthers, how about the Leopards for just the Leopards? How about the illegal aliens? We have an open line in, day, in Broward, in Palm Beach. Oh, I knew if I said enough of them would be right. Now we have one in the Steroine and one in Palm Beach. Star IoT, if you have Bellsophability. Very, very. And you realize the holidays are over now. You know what that means? That means everybody's gone. This town is clearing out like they had a gigantic, a mammoth bomb scare. Not only the frogs that are leaving, everybody's gone. And let me tell you another thing, as long as I'm sitting here getting wound up like a gigantic alarm clock, like big bin and drag. The Chamber of Commerce people in this town lie through their teeth. There was that big article a few weeks ago about how we got all aquabecca's here, half a quabbec and we got all these French Canadians. And in spite of the war and all this other tourism is down only a little bit tourism in this town. Not only, you can't complain about it because there wasn't any of this winter. We had no season. There was nobody to hope tells where Dian over there. Seriously. You could call off the management at any hotel in Broward County, Newt here. I'm dying over here. Exactly. Or you could call off the management at any hotel in Dade County, Newt here. There's no one with Yellucky. Exactly. Couldn't have said it better myself in any language. Dian. And yet they keep lying. I'm dying if they're not lying. I'll tell you that right now. And that bugs me. See, because they don't want the public to realize how incompetent and stupid now they've chased everybody on here. Not just to spring breakers, but everybody they've chased. But we're a world-class city man. Yeah. Just keep saying it often, sooner or later, it'll come true. It's 11-19 at WIOD Palm Beach cares about nothing. They're just not going to talk to us today. And you know what? We're pretty excited about it ourselves. Here's a mobile in Miami on his dime. Hey, Neil. Okay. How you doing? Yes. Went to Joe Robbie Stadium on Sunday for the game. First time I've been at the stadium, we had a ball. We took five people over there, we sat up in a club seat. Well I didn't go in a field cost and it's pretty upset about it. I'll tell you that he's standing out in a hallway right now waving his arms around in the air, throwing objects at the window, having a nervous breakdown because I didn't attend those games. When you think of the sting race. The one? The Florida sting race. Sucks. Okay. Listen, I'm moving into a new town. Don't you understand that's not a baseball name? Yeah. All the good ones are taken. No, they're not. What's wrong with the Miami Blues? God, hey listen, you don't have to, I understand. He's got a big meal Rogers, dart board in there and he didn't share all our throwing objects. Oh, he belly ached about those tickets. He wanted those tickets. He didn't even show up at the game. What's wrong with that, buddy? He's a pain in the ass. I heard the food wasn't that great anyway. You better shape up. That's what it. That's the rumor. Okay, hot dogs. Same thing, hot dogs. They're okay for ball games, but let's get back to that dolphin food. So we get some good shout out there in dolphin season. Neil, can I ask you stuff if I do say so myself? What does football season start? Still in a way, oh yes. Can I ask you a question about satellite dishes? Of course. I'm moving into a neighborhood that's not a homeowner's association where I'll be able to put up whatever I want. What's a good dish to start with? What's a good dish to start with? What's a good dish to start with? What's a smaller size of a satellite dish that we get a good reception? Seven and a half. Don't get a six. If anybody tries to sell you a six-foot dish, punch them in the mouth and call a police. Seven and a half. I have a seven and a half. I get magnificent pictures, okay? Okay. And you recommend a good company? No. Okay. If I knew one, I would tell you. All right. I really can't. It's a touching go. As a matter of fact, if you're, um, there's, well, you don't have one, but if you knew anybody that's got a dish, do you know anybody that's got one? Nope. Like I said. I know a couple of my new neighbors do. I might check with that. Actually, the thing to do, there's on, on, uh, satellite F4, a West R4, I mean, um, what I would not wish their, uh, sad come for. Uh, uh, channel 10 is satellite city. It's it over the year, satellite thing. And on channel 15 is another one where they, but channel 10, it's the only intermittent. Right. But the satellite city, they have the most incredible prices on stuff. A lot of these local dealers here are charging like double. What they're selling, I mean, really good, uh, complete units with the dish and the, uh, LnB and the, uh, receiver and a whole bit. And, uh, if you got a neighbor, check that out first, because otherwise you're going to spend a much, much, much money. Okay, great. It's called satellite city. Right. Okay, great. On F410 for, uh, whatever your neighbor, that's on what it is. F410. Right. All right. And, uh, you know, uh, and a fall at the game, it was the first time I've been it up at a baseball game down here since the Brooklyn, died. Well, Phil cost and thinks you're a great American. So, you see, like, anybody who came to those games, they said anybody who didn't is a slime ball and he wants the world to know it. I got a plan. And I'm at the top of the list. I'll see you in the other one. Okay. Hey, listen, if we get a team, I'll be there. Okay. I mean, I'm, like, all these people pulling me in different directions. They want me to go to the track. They want me to go to ball games. I got to go to somebody's brisk. I can only be in so many places at once. And, of course, with me, it's a tough decision, what I compare between the track and any place else. Okay. The track is where it's at. I'm sorry. And then the next day, I was exhausted from plunging my brains out of the track. I mean, I'm not Kelly Shepherd after all. 23 after 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in Palm Beach, 6559463. It's that time again, the sale to end all sales this weekend. At Toyota of Hollywood, if you're thinking about a new Toyota car, a truck do not miss whatever you do. The Toyota of Hollywood, Grand Slam instead of sale, value on each and every new 91 Toyota car like you wouldn't believe every new 91 truck in van on the lot. You really want Grand Slam incentives. This is the place because Toyota of Hollywood has got them lowest price, best selection in the Southeast highest customer satisfaction of any Toyota dealer and award-winning service department. What more could you want? At a professional sales staff that's there for you before during an after you buy that incredible new Toyota and unbelievable price. Here's the sales event you've been waiting for. The Grand Slam deal of a lifetime waiting for you this weekend. Toyota of Hollywood on 441 between tapped and shared in streets in Hollywood. I'll tell her that'll teach you to fudge those numbers on me on those ticket sales. Okay. 26 after 11 at WIOD or sports intensive station. Yes? July 27. July 27. Great. Boy, that seems like right around the corner, huh? July 27. The first exhibition game at Cherris. Okay, boy, I'm having, I'll tell you one thing if it sounds like a meeting a lot. And of course, I've been known to do that on a year. I'm not. It's just that the salad goes on forever. There's nothing peppers. Everything low-calin here. A couple of plantains. Slice it to a pepperoni. Wow. If I do say so myself, it is extra good today. Let's try Cooper City. Just a moment please. Here we go. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. You know, she was on the phone for so long. She had to go make a quick deposit. Who's that? Oh, lady friend from Colorado. We're going to the ball game. And the zoo. She lost her money in Highlight. Uh, basically just a big tour, but uh... Here comes the bunnies. Here's your dessert. What? Here she is right here. Oh. Hi, Neil. Hi. Well, you went to the bank, huh? You went to the bank that fast? Well, yeah. You said you had to go make a deposit. More quick in Colorado. Wow. That's what Neil. That's what Neil Bush said. So we went to Highlight and uh, I was the only person in the entire Sea of Bluehair. Mm-hmm. Well, there are a lot of families that used to go to Highlight. In fact, their motto used to be in Sesta is Besta. Very well. So the question of the day is what's the average age in Florida? Death. Death. Death. Death. Death. D-E-A-T-H. Death is the median age. Ha ha ha. Do you follow my drift? Mm-hmm. You're going to be okay. But you don't live here. You didn't move here just visiting, right? This is it. Well, consider yourself lucky. Yeah. Because living in this uh, geriat this outdoor funeral parlor isn't easy. It's hard. It's hard. Very hard. You bet. So how do you like it so far? It was fun. We had a good time went to the baseball game. Great. Well, yeah. I bet you had living in breeding people there. See the old farts do not come out to the stadium. Very few of them. Because there's no metamusyl concession out there. But they do go to bingo. They love their bingo. They have their mishogon tournament. They go to the early bird. They have them up in the clubhouse at Papadopark. We got all the sea of blue here. In the clubhouse and the grandest that it goes to. You'll see more blue here than you've ever seen in your life. Then you can shake a thing at. So right about it. It would be a best seller in Colorado. I'm sure. Have a great time. Thank you. How long you stand? How long you gonna be here? I'm leaving today. Aren't you lucky? Well, have a great trip. Thank you very much. And tell them all about it. Okay, why a lie a lot? We need to help. I'm ready. Bye. I feel it. Isn't that something? 29 past 11 at WIOD. A bunch of a lot of you people have got some patented ass. A relative is there hanging out. I can say that because my aunt left this morning. She's very nice. She really is. We have an open line in. She is. Okay. I'm sorry. She's very nice. I had some Canadian lock yesterday. At Mommy's after I left here. After our 17 meals. Had some Canadian lock and brisket. It was delicious. Fabulous. There's an opening on the Sterline. Sterlion. Anybody have no what canadals are. George doesn't know what canadals are. Oh, you'd love them. See we got you into Canoli. You didn't know from Canoli. And I got into Plantines. It's kind of like a multi-byse. By a cultural show here. Opalaka. Good morning. Yes, sir. Every time I was thinking of her. Your name is. And I'm talking about the bullish. Eight times one of these pseudo celebrities gets busted for some kind of sex crime. The individual who was the innocent party. Ends up in a magazine. There's one of what magazine is. That's going to be one of those TV shows. I think this happened about 430. What it's called. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's very hard. Very hard copy at 430. And one final thing. You're perverted twisted and sick. I like that. Okay, sir. Up yours. Hmm. This salad was sensational. Not care whether it didn't burglars my saying that or not. Okay. It'd be pleased to know that little Tommy's bringing them some brick oven later, George. And since I already had my salad, you're probably be able to participate. Charles, not speaking to us or we'd invite her. We have an open line in Broward 524Wild. And I see one we just had a line checker in dates. So there's one there. We're doing okay for two days. They know if not get too excited about it. I mean if it was like this every day. I don't think I'd bother coming back again except on Thursday. Here's a lady in Miami. Sure's. Hello. The all-yes. Mr. Roger. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I have a quick question for you. I was watching the SPM a week and they had some Canadian sport. I was wondering if you knew it was it's a rock. They throw on the floor and it's all guy yells at you. Two young guys to sleep the floor to the floor. Right. It's called curling. What is that? It's the dumbest thing that anybody has ever seen. They call it a stone. But I mean they had this stadium pattern. You should see when those Canadians pass this stone. Any elbow nut. They. You are a little bit funny. It's terrible. I'm serious. It's called curling. It's the stupidest thing I've ever seen. It's been botched balls more since like that. That's like bowling. The Italians. The bowling. Like curly hair. No curling. Don't ask me to explain how they got the name. I'm sure some conucle calling and tell us about that. Curling. It's dumb. It's idiotic. How the Canadians who invented one of my favorites for it's hockey. We mentioned it's the other day. It could also invent something that's stupid. I have no idea. Okay. And they're all sweeping those little brooms. Those are the kind of guys you like to have in your house once a week. Why is it always the older guys who yelled at the tree young guys? So sweet. You'd have to ask David Cassidy that I have no idea. Okay. Can I un-face someone to say something to someone? Sure. Even have lunch ready when I get home or else. Or else. Good job, man. Have a great day. And in closing? Um. See you later. Always a gentleman. Bye. It's 11.32. Well, she's talking about lunch. These little, uh, big old chips are delicious and is only in a whole bag. There's how many calories like just a second. Very few. 90 in a whole bag. Mm-hmm. They're good. Garlic, no less. Boy with that gigantic onion that's served me and this garlic I should be safe. There's no course in this place. Everybody's always safe. That a lot of ugly people at work here. It's 11.33 a WIOD. We have an opening in date 751 9463 for Lauderdale. Yo. Yo. Yeah. Yo. Wherever you're celebrating. Celebrating what sir. Our French Canadian neighbors are leaving today. Yeah. Oh, wait a minute. She's not in the way. I need to something go ahead. And they're jumping into their big, uh, Mobile living room and rolling on down the street. Had nothing at all. Hershey highway back to where they came from. Sir, there you go. You got you. Nice. You got the heck of a sin, Dr. Yes sir. But a rock right through their back window. Good one. Yo. I don't think there's a same box they advertise on TV though. Not handmade in the people's Republic of China. He didn't have all the little dancing. It's supposed to be handmade. I'm not buying that. Yeah. Well, there's nothing like being made by hand. That's what I've always heard. That tick your word for that. But otherwise it cooks up good food. Does it rust? Sure, rust. Well, good. That's great. Made out of the old. Then you get that special cleaner that you spray on a top of your car. When you have the fire going, that's another good one. I like where they have the fire going on the hood of the car. Have you ever seen that one? Sure. That super wax that is good for bald heads and the top of your The roof of your car and all kinds of good stuff. Grease up the cats, your lobes. It's fantastic. Well, it's an heavy great day sir. And tiny says hi. Right, tiny. 26 till noon at WIO. Dude, that's my pet frog, tiny. The dog was getting too neurotic. We have an open line. I'd say I had such a long talk with that little dog. He was so embarrassed by the way these people behaved on Friday. He'll never come to this place again. You don't have to worry about that. A little eight pound dog wouldn't hurt a flee. And these people here acted like, oh geez, you're going to be here all day. Sticking dog. But the most embarrassing part of that episode was fat rich was sitting here for speeding that dog. And I'm not paying any attention because I can't see what's going on the other side of this table. We have this big octagonal thing here. And fat rich is on the other side and the chair and the dog is over there on a floor beyond where I can see. And he's feeding and feeding meatballs and lasagna. Who knows what the hell she's feeding and he's sitting there saying to me. Boy, that dog is eating up the storm. Well, who the hell is the big slide that's feeding it to him? For speeding my little dog. And so when Andy came to you here and stepped in something that he must look for. For the meds because it's melgis like then everybody's making a big stink about that. I'm sorry I can't help it. He's just human or whatever he is. 25 till noon at WIVD. It's a fabulous Tuesday. We got Dick and Tater at two. We got Sports Talk. Somebody will be doing it six. We have no idea who and Hank Ly from LA with author writer whatever he is David Israel. A good Irish boy from 8 to 11 tonight. Confirmed that'll be $500. Hey, that's an awful lot of money. Well, how much you got. Well, uh... That'll do. Here's your boy to pass her. Pick any plane you like. Airlines are in the dump her. And nobody knows that better than us. Weird desperate air. Yes, desperate air. We'll do anything to get your business. We're the planes with a big brown nose. Uh, Tantrium Passinger, they see his captain. But kiss bacon. I'm turning on the nose smoking light now. But uh... mate. I won't tell you. And desperate air has no silly metal detectors to slow you down. In fact, we have no restrictions at all. Boy, it's awful stuff in here. You might have a crackle in the window. Well, normally it's not allowed, but uh... I don't see what I know. So, fly desperate air. Please. Ready, boy. Good. Good. You're hard of a hand show. Call your gravel agent today. I sure will. 752 a W.Y.O.D. We got a mobile in Boka. Hey, how you doing? Okay. You know, I've been trying to get a hold of you a couple of weeks back. You were making some comments with regard to what happened to uh... ...thurbred racing in this country. The obvious down swing and attendance in Handle. You know, it's uh... The upage generation quit going. Didn't... Didn't ever start going to the race track. The older generation continued to go. I'm involved in marketing. I've done studies. I've done work for Nira and uh... ...for the Fair... ...for then, for Jefferson down. And they had noted 17 and 3.4% decrease in attendance and about an 18% decrease in Handle over the years. And we've done programs with uh... ...giving away free parking programs. And uh... ...50 tons of hot on a beer and things like that. That have turned around in Jefferson. That have increased their attendance and handled by over 14-15%. So the problem is partly that of the race track. They don't know who's at the track and the T is to establish a hard court database. So they know who their customers are. For example, at Galstreme, if they don't know who's at the track, then they must be wearing blinders. Okay? The median age of those people is death. And for example, using Tony Curtis to be the promotional hot shot for Galstreme this meeting. To me, one of the most inane things. I mean, they've already got all the blue hairs out there. I mean, young people living in breathing people. I don't even know who the hell Tony Curtis is. Well, I can't speak for any of them. The fact that all the permutuals in this state, I can't speak for any of the girls. But for years and years, they've been real comfortable sitting back and letting the blue hairs be the mainstay of their clientele. And all of a sudden, the lottery came along. And all the blue hairs decided they'd rather spend their 50 cents of their dollar by a lottery ticket. And they have no new, they have no new clientele. They haven't worked at a developer. Well, right now, but the people that are retired now, they'll still go to the track, but they won't spend as much as they used to when they were working. It worked. They're dying off. Okay, they don't live forever. So they're dying off and they're going to be in the place. But I'm just saying it. I mean, if you look at the attendance in a handle at Gulf Stream the last few days, it has been astonishing. It's been so bad. Just horrendous. Well, there are tickets sellers standing out in the aisles talking to you saying, did you get the fact I got showed out. I got really picked a couple times in Gulf Stream. They said they failed to put on 14 sellers today because it's tendencies now. You know, I mean, people going without jobs. All they need to do is get smart where they're marketing and get to them. People in there. Yeah. I'm with you. Well, preaching to the choir again, aren't I? Yes, sir. Thanks a lot. Good luck to you all needed. 155 at WIOD. We have an open line on the Sterlin SteroD. And Palm Beach has been very quiet today. We have no complaints of markets up almost 19 points. 6559463 655 WIOD in Palm Beach, Palpano. Welcome to McDonald's. May I have a few? Okay, we have an opening in date. 751 WIOD. Cross-prings. I know how you doing. Okay. I tuned in fairly later. How are you talking about the Canadians and the... And the... that material. Did you see the article on the hair all today? The Lane Ranger? The what? The Lane Ranger? No, I didn't see. I don't get the hair all. Okay, it's in the Broward Harrel. He apparently had done a column on Canadian drivers. And... Kids in Broward are a schoolless week now. I'm confused. The kids in date get out Thursday. So they get like a week plus. I'll tell you a lot of things. If I went to school in Broward and I found that the kids in date were getting longer more days off, I would like to start a big revolution. I wouldn't be out there at the beach hanging out at school in around all week. Maybe after getting civically involved in whatever. I'd be screwing around. 21 after 10 at WIOD. Here's a mobile and pon beach. Hi, I mean, how you doing? Okay, so far. Great. I can't believe my life is so empty. I have to wait for my morning talking to you. Why? Well, I'm enjoying the club. Well, you know, I look a little important when I'm cruising in my vehicle. I'm talking on the car phone. Yeah. There are a lot of people who feel the fact that there... You realize there are a lot of folks who just hold the phone up to their ear while driving. We're talking to anybody because that costs some serious bucks. But they hold it up so everybody else will look at them and think they're like an important businessman and they're on some big, like, international, a drug dealer or something. How did you know I do that, Neil? Well, I can tell by the sound of your voice. I can't believe it. You know, I'm not like the kind of guy who sharpened up to have a cellular phone in the car, but too cheap to pay for it. That's why you're on the Steriline because we pay for it. Oh, absolutely. But I wait for you to tell my time and money talking to you. I sure hope not. Why do you think we put that Steriline in there? We realize very few people are stupid enough to call us on a cellular phone and pay for it themselves, but if the system is paid for it, ain't no problem. It was a good marketing plan, your part. Yes, sir. I'll tell you I've chosen a stick. How about that Danny Bonaducci, sir? Oh, Danny Bonaducci, Spag. Can you spell that? I've not done any here. Oh, only once. I can't believe you're one of the greatest proof I have, is that? Yeah. They open up the closet door and look who popped out. Yes. Is he hiding at the bed or in the closet? In the closet with David. Okay. And how's the room for you, David and him in there? No, I'm out. You're out or that's right, that's right. That must have been, that much of taking a lot of courage to do what you did. What? Bring out in the closet? Exactly. How do you shoot a scene who was in there? Oh, my God. So, no. Well, I said have a wonderful life, sir. There was great progress in pouring. What are the call us again sometime when you really want to look important in the car? 1992. Okay. Soon enough for us. We have one open line in Dave, one in Broward, and that's Sterline. If you want to look like a real hot shot, pick up that phone and call it's free. You can look keep you on as long as you want. Just drive around and make everybody feel, hey, look at him. Big business man, hot shot. We have to play Mr. Businessman by race Stevens. For all you really important people who sit there with a phone stuck in your ear, think I love about people that make phone calls in a car. Is there like driving with one finger on the wheel? I don't know where the other one is, and they're like all over the road. Hey, listen. I'm busy on a phone. I can't be bothered driving. 23 past 10 of your very important radio station. 610 wix. Wix will be right back. Sometimes I feel myself. It's hard. It is very hard. 1026 of wix. Wix. I'm going to start steal on some of the container's carts today. I can't find that big grips that they got on in the big belt. That's my favorite cart He's probably got it got some code on it. You know, so I can't find it We do have an open-line at Broward. I just mentioned that in passing don't get hysterical I'll just relax. It's a beautiful day. God the birds are doing it on our cars in a backyard 524Wild 5249463 is our number in Broward, but first we have a crank call from Delray No crank call today. No. Oh, hey good morning. How disappointing What a great night last night of popular you were there. I was right behind your fat rich You were the guy with a two little kids? No, no, I'll let's a guy with a friend of mine. I shook your hand after the race. Well, you mean downstout side Oh, I thought you made upstairs. We had a guy with two little kids very nice family But they had the TV said like they were not watching the races or the even the ball game They were watching like shows And one of the TV just cranked up blasting, but that's okay We like people are bring the kids out get amused to the races and you know, but loud TV real loud Yeah, it was a great race. Oh, it was incredible. Yeah, I was a guy that was holler and probably in your rear when Joe started on crank it up around the way I heard you yeah Well, once you got clear boy you could add you the only question was was you gonna catch just say so I had to see open up three on the turn and I thought boy you may never catch him Yeah, and of course it also didn't hurt the key was so I can get locked in on a rail behind the a dying wall off That you got out too late that help put about 20 or 20 or 30 yards before the finish Line get through your hands up you knew you had oh yeah, it was great. How was there with some buddies of mine? It was just No, it's just an unbelievable race. Bad rich showed me his tickets yet nothing but five two's and seven Yeah, you know, while I was on mortal cripple out of what did the triple pan at race? I really know it all I mean to that's all I had two five and seven Yeah, I just went for the straight plunge with the five I didn't take no chances I don't want anything else. Well, I'm seven forty won't make you rich But it's not bad. I'll tell you that. Yep. No, I had him a few times I wanted to tell you there was some sad to really happen up there popping a park I don't know if you're familiar with it but in the Orate race Bingo Wrangler Donald Brannard, Donnie Brannard went for wind number one thousand and didn't get yeah Well, he was actually what happened as he was bending over so far forward That I think he fell out of the bike coming off there last turn and never to be seen again But I listen to I is not all come one of these days He had the worst part through the half and he was with that flesh through the lane I love the way he like crouches forward like any second We're gonna get to that sign come on we can get there and he does but usually at the back of the pack Well, and I just like to tell him how to create skip there We had day bring your hand get two thousand a few days ago Michael a chance got six thousand Saturday night the metal lands And we almost had Donald Brannard get number one thousand on day That would have been a that would have been great out would have been truly unbelievable But for all the folks that I try to get from this office to go up there as much as I plug Christmas list One of these guys to go up there and spend some bucks and have a great time and see Neil and Fat Rich I like to call them all a major douchebag. Yes, sir. Well, congratulations Don't spend it all on play all right. Thank you Neil. You have a great day. Yes, and 30 is WOD Harry is the twin with our microphone here and has something in his hand We know we've been reporting all morning that Metro date police and the FBI were at Alberta Sam Pedro's home And I leave this morning Little did they know little did we know at the time that San Pedro had already been arrested and they were executing warrants Then they were executing here's who's been arrested and here's what's happened Alberta San Pedro Carlos Rdondo and Lester's Tiner were arrested this morning based on a nine count indictment which charges San Pedro and Rdondo is being part of a Raccatiring enterprise engaged in drug trafficking money laundering Exortion attempted murder and illegal gambling WOD is Jennifer Rimm is at the news conference with Dexter Layton Yeah, and we'll have further details on this. I heard that Rick Sanchez drove over over there. Is that true is there any truth to them? Oh, it's not Can I comment no okay? Okay, whatever you say. Well, that's pretty interesting Yeah And here we thought he was free as a bird. Well, he'll be okay. You know how that always go this indictment by the way Apparently was handed down on February 15th and has been sealed it's a nine count indictment Hmm I heard that they arrested him in a movie theater. He was watching eating raw wool in high LA Which is the most popular movie over there now, but it could be just a month was ugly rumors No, no, I can okay. Oh, thank you so much Henry for that very uplifting news your work. Always a pleasure and what do you have to say about that It's hard It is very hard. Okay 1031 a WOD we have an open line and Broward there He is a great gentleman and his online Henry Burrow great connoisseur and cheap drunk 524 9463 and Broward and 655 W dot what is it? WOD and Pompi whatever it is. You know what it is. Why do I have to keep repeating it for you some kind of a lame brain For louder, whoops, sorry for louder Dale morning. Oh, cool Neil. Yes, sir. You remember me? No, Charles Oh, Charles, what do you want go away? I just want to let you know Yeah, you're in Charles. Can we already got ready? You Charles go back call norm can't okay call them in the office Oh come on. He's anxious to hear from you. We don't want to talk to you Charles you're a past you're a nuisance You're a biologist you juvenile you're embarrassing to the human race grown up unlikely Unlikely you grew up you wouldn't see there he goes Two open lines in Broward 524 WOD and one in Palm Beach 655 9463 655 WOD I can see it's gonna be another struggle today, but that's okay How about opening up those drapes there Andy do us something useful okay instead of just stepping in Stuff on the floor. That's good. No, that's not the way we do it. We like to like unfold those blinds. Okay. That's it just give it a little twist there That's great Anyway, we're gonna be doing our show next Monday great job Andy fabulous. Maybe they can use you when the met's with an arm like that What was I starting to say oh yeah next Monday we're doing our show at the four-letter Dale swap shop on sunrise between Ninety five in the turnpike and we've got all kinds of stuff to give away including now is the days go on We'll have our crap together a little bit better because you know how we do everything here Six packs of snapples so to that we'll be giving away a whole bunch of them one day passes to Atlantis the water kingdom Those are worth 14 bucks of peace We got out gold steins gonna combine BR guests. We're gonna have carts there for sure if they're no car machines I'm leaving there will not be a circus that was a bunch of baloney And we'll have a lot of fun you can know what is it and Subway subs will have to give away so we'll have all kinds of stuff for a next Monday at the swap shop And of course you can browse and peruse and the good news is that most of those French Canadians are already leaving and probably be gone by then So we can just have a good time by us. Okay, and it will be right there in the indoor shopping complex surrounded by those fantastic shops With every kind of merchandise under the sun and the international food court with every kind of food under the sun It's just gonna be a 12 day next Monday Tended to with the four-letter nail swap shop on West sunrise between 95 in the turnpike one See I found it Wow It wasn't easy to find it it's hard. It is very hard Yeah, easy for you to say 37 at 610 wio d And you know what I wanted to ask this audience course when I asked something we never get a response Have you seen the a walk thing that's been on for the last two years Wally Nash with the walk the hand made walk Made in the people's Republic of China that's on like every five minutes and if you have a satellite Dish it's on constantly and never goes off and we have used to be Arnold Morris the Jewish chef used to be on air I'll push and that thing and now it's Chef Crowley jury Crowley is one of my favorite choice Bye for now with that little kind of faith thing he does but the Wally Nash is on there the Englishman push and I was Walks and I love it the end of the thing they always say Please remember because these are handmade there's a limited supply so be sure and call in for yours now And this thing's been on for two years and as you always pour China them and over there banging and powder with their ball peen hammers and just Hock in a way on those things. I'm curious if anybody's ever ball on those things No, maybe well, maybe nobody's ball one yet. That's possible. Okay, we have two upper lines in date County 751 wio d See the reason that that's a bad question because that would require women probably to answer that and women are not ready to call yet today We have one open line in Palm Beach 655 wio do we have a mobile in Palm Beach Gardens. Yeah Yes, sir. How you doing okay? I got a story for you. I was living on California about seven years ago and Friend of mine who's the yeah, have you seen the walk thing? As a matter of fact, I haven't bought one. Okay, yeah Friend of mine was the captain West Hollywood police department and I've always been fascinated with law enforcement So yes, he won night if I want to go out and ride with the guys Yeah, and Fly one out and they put me on what they call the horror patrol They drive up Yeah, this is a guy's on the truth. You they drive up and they drive up Melrose and then down sunset That are also the guys and sunset for the girls and All of a sudden the guys that I was driving with must have spotted something because they pulled over a brand new spank in 450 SL Yes, who was in the car Danny born a dude. He's born a dude spec. Are you serious? What a cut? I sled a guy so obviously Obviously he has a tough time getting his own Macombo. He's got a pay for it really well Is and evidently he's got interesting well. I'm not sure what it is. Yeah He's in a closet with a prostit a transvestite prostitute He must have got one hell of a surprise. Yeah, well he has a little gender problem because he was on I had show and he couldn't figure out which one was Susan and which one was David This David always had the better hair Amazing, in any case in closing. I want to say to Fred Addy you say loving douche bag Yeah, okay, thank you so much. It's 20 to 11 at 610 Wild I'm not gonna make a big fuss about the salad today because I'm sure that it's gonna come in on time really nice From sunny, right? You noticed yesterday how he was sucking around frantically I bought how oh, yeah, I'll send however many you want. Now what the how was that all about in the past is and then I'm in the same brat He's saying I was disappointed because you were giving it to somebody else last week Remember that last Thursday and Friday you weren't eating it so in other words he'll send it over here as long as I eat it and Wave about it and salivate and go nuts, but if I share it with beautiful lovely Nilda a pront or George the beautiful lovely George or anybody else then he's got a problem. I understand that sunny Just send the chow over here and we'll figure out who's gonna eat it And we're the Cheryl just marching up and down the hal just psychotic and surly For we have an open line and date county 751 Wild here's a mobile and Palm Beach Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know about the hint the hand made walk from the people's Republic of China sir Yes, they're banging them out right. There's another one. I think the worst one is the vacuum hair cutters I haven't seen that somebody told me about that just yesterday I mean over and over on prime network again, and thank you. Thank you, Mayor Cutter Hey, you took this to here Cutter to a vacuum clean a guy claims he's never cut it there before and so forth and so on It doesn't without a mirror and there's no mess and it's a new revela. It's gonna replace the one I guarantee That's the one how do you know how much you're cutting off? Oh, they have these little things who look like giant cones they put on their different links so can only hit your head so hard Oh, man. You just watch you'll be on that before it's everywhere boy. Look out, Mary I mean you may be out of business. I have sir. That's all I had to say and Joe's a douchebag. Thank you They hear a god almighty. This day and oh that 90% of the stuff they saw on TV is crap I like the ones the slicers, you know the little slicers and they have the blades you put in then they have that woman Who acts like she's well, there's a whole bunch of them. There's the woman with a thing where she makes those sandwiches No matter what she puts in they all look the same what do they call that thing? It snaps shut It looks like it probably weighs about two ounces and It snaps shut. You know what I'm talking about. Yeah, they make go every sandwich is like a big triangle And no matter what you put in there and she's spooning how about a little mushrooms and a little bit of olives and it's embarrassing Because she's making like putting and she's putting that crap in there But she's making pizzas and everything looks the same it looks really dried out and gross and like almost Stale and she sticks it on the plate isn't that beautiful and you know who's on that with her? That big fat guy. What's his name that's on the afternoon on that stupid show the big Oh, what is his name and he's shoveling now? How about oh it's so light? Oh and his eyeballs are rolling around. How about 80 of those desserts? It looks like fat rich and heat markets up 25 points by the way. Hello. Why told you was a great day? What is his name? Damn it But anyway, I mean for getting what they call that thing That's one of them and that is the woman that's got that little it looks like a I don't know what that looks like but it's got a little thing coming down with a little tiny blade at the end And you stick it in there you stick it in the account of peanut's and you make peanut butter That's the way I would do it. I would just stick it right in the can of those peanuts and make peanut butter in the can She looks like she's been on the can But and then she's making all oh it's just incredible now you know that that stuff is all like tinkered to a junk and I guarantee that some of you have box of what is it? It's not not this neck master. Thank you whoever called that in the snack master. Yes Hey, you just stick your little thing in there and it comes out with these triangles and they all you stick them on that plate and the kids like troll match You'd beat the crap body For trying to pass off that crap as a snack Miramar Sonny I can't bring your salad in but I can bring you a snack master sandwich. Well, okay, son. I boy your voice You're changing your hair. Look at that your hair Hey, Neil maybe you need one of those hair cutting a vacuum cleaner sir by Kirby It just sucks to hear right off your head. I can look like zero mustel in about two minutes. Look my ear off Hey, listen About Danny Funny oh I got to have my without a good one. I got to have my own car. I'm sorry I don't usually steal the table. That's the best Belgian history with that. It's what I was a night Oh, oh There's different ones on there too. Aren't there? I think there's different ones Control yourself now. Why this and that don't ever get that card pack believe me About Danny Donna this bag. Yeah, you have to read between the line Well Yeah, he paid a 20 and it was a transvestite when he asked for the second act the transvestite couldn't do it said hey He had to review himself and there's so Danny freaked out and beat him up. May as that could be it and As far as I could turn out to be David I couldn't believe it with disgusting Fine, I got into the guy and it's closet how they get in the house without a search warrant Well, you know you would not not don't start getting into it and all these details I mean, they probably made the story up in the first place But it's exciting. This is the kind of stuff that America loves it'll be on hard copy and soft copy and That's what we like. You see hard copy yesterday with Fred shots. No, I did the alleged doctor Fred It's hard It is very hard. That's what he said when that show was over. He can't control those very hard copy That'll be on the second one. Have a great day sir 1045 and WI would do we're starting to pick up a little steam now I want that snack master. That's not what they call it. That's that's the other one Now they have another name for it. Oh, they the snack the something the piece of crap is what they call it And what's that guy's name the big fat guy always worth that blood same black sweater and his eyeballs roll around and he puts that stuff It looks like fluff it looks like marshmallow fluff in a big glass and he starts eating that with a spoon He's this oh You're thinking he's like having some kind of an emotional experience or something what the hell is his name? Don't you people know anything coconut growth Let's take a call from coral springs hello. Oh Yes, sir. Hey I'm enjoying your radio Well, that's great. You're so are we we're having a time of our lives without practice What the walk man the wally man So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and you know is he put a put in all the vegetables and then he puts it like three little pieces of meat And he says my boss is cheap too. That's why you don't get much meat I wonder what he meant by that Hey listen, I'm an ex-girl Yorker and I'm enjoying Florida move down here for good The only Oh boy the only disagreement I have is with these friends Canadians. I have one is a neighbor well All are all even sir's your neighbor still here Well drive into the bus station okay tell him the hockey playoff start today It's time to get the rashes back where they came from okay parley boo audio's hey listen. Yes. Could you do me a favor? I doubt it. Well, I doubt it. What is it? Well if he can my sister's here Yeah, yeah, you're sisters here from says catch what from Ustra Well, I'd like to hear the i95 good well tell her to keep listening and one day will play it 1047 a W I O D we have an open line in Broward five two four Five two four nine four six three that has got to be I got to confess because it's not mine But who listen? I'm easy when it comes to steel and material That's got to be the greatest card in history doesn't it? Got to be certainly one of the top three already and we haven't just started it So you know it's like a lot of other things they start with it and then we make it famous 1047 a W I O D We'll take a little break here. We'll be right back 51 at W I do kind of a furious first hour here today For a Tuesday I would say that myself 655 W I O D there's an open line in Palm Beach Christopher Hewitt is the big fat guy with the bugging out eyes and a stupid look and all that crap Anyway, he's on some idiotic show that's on any afternoon reruns or something I have no idea what is it? Oh Mr. Bell that here. That's who that is what a slime ball Pompano Hello, yes, sir. Neil. How are you doing? Okay, two things. I was over a pump and old truck last night I first I'm a soy in person like and I was gonna come over and shake your arm But you surrounded by fat rich. Yeah, that's he's my bodyguard And the other is I've no answer on clean from town like but What is it? I think it was your own clean from town if you get chance when you play speaking freeway What is this request Tuesday we don't do request sir? Well, if you get a chance though, would you play it? unlikely 1052 a W I O D we have an open line in Broward. I don't understand this all of a sudden I don't know where we got all these different things in here. We got our walk up in a year on the stove And this guy and he's we got two in a row there. Oh my aunt's in from St Louis and this guy doesn't have anybody in and I can understand why Forget it forget it. We're just we're doing a radio show here. Okay Put a quarter in the slot We have an open line in Palm Beach 6559463. We still have no lady who bought a walk Here's a mobile and Hollywood Around here. Yes, yeah, I originally called to tell you Christopher you it but I guess I'm already called Is he related to Bill or Foster you it? So a few the producers though the movie to produce or no? You never saw the movie to produce it. Yeah with Well, well, brooks, right yeah, he played the flavor producer movie producer play to One of my favorite movies to produce here. Oh really well spring time spring time for Hitler Yeah, right well that's what I've got amazing that actually remember that because I have a blank in my mind about movies Well, not my fault now. I'm just explaining I'm not blaming it on you so don't get defensive and psychotic about it Just don't I'm just ready to get one of mine Was originally in Hollywood now in your Miami my home I got on the air Jesus right Well, I'm not meant to call you to tell you Christopher you're nobody already did it well I'm glad you hung on and tell us that that was very kind of you sir. Okay Bye Neil see you Do you spag 1054 a Wild we have an open line in Broward 524 9463 and guess what The dial line you hear the dial tone is on Palm Beach 655 9463 they don't all Christopher He would from Martin he would whatever happened to Martin he would by the way remember that movie endless love was that the name of the movie with the brooks Sheels That was a good movie that was depressing movie but a good movie and he burned the house down I don't blame him. Okay Those pan and he asked parents man Well, that was the movie who is the guy that was in in that scene. I'm gonna I'm gonna lose it done Played her father done Marie was that his name played worked shield she had those real hippie type of parents That were smoking dope with all the guys and and a mother saw them by the fireplace on the living room floor Remember she was coming down the stairs and she took a look and got all goosey eyed and his Storical and pretty excited I Wonder what she was thinking as she stood there at the top of the stairway it's hard It is very hard. We have a collar in Kendall Yeah, oh, it's the space lady Look like you know that oh, yeah, like what that snack mask do think Mac that is snack. Yeah, you like your language You'd never get a witch a radio personality actually bought one Probably Greg you'd help no Craig were thinking it was talking about it. You did it was a disaster. He doesn't talk to you does he? Yeah, no wonder he's been a little repressed lately. I think he's getting Norman can't do Yeah, I would too When you think about that little pit sweep Danny Bono do you? What oh, God he's getting this for it? Yeah. How'd you like to open up your closet and find him crawling around in there? But yeah, hey man. Well have a good one Right, right okay Yeah, hey man. I like her. She's okay. She's my kind of dinghy bitch We have an open line in a day 7519463 Do you get the feeling there's a little psychosis in the year in this building? You get that feeling as you walk around the byways in the highways and the hallways boy I think some of it had to do with those ball games this weekend. I mean this town finally did something great Really came out through in gigantic numbers. It was a tremendous experience Give us like 75 more Strikes up as far as getting that major league franchise and yet inside this building there just seems to be a little Oh, no Here's a mobile in four-laterdale Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, this is Mark first time caller. Yes Mark. How you doing Mark? 95 is pretty clean and on the subject of these TV ads yeah, if anybody brought up the Runless stockings that we here maybe Oh yeah, well, maybe that was the problem. Maybe there was they had the runs in the closet Also a few weeks ago, you played something by the fog I think it's called groups a lot or something. Yeah, it's not a lot Was that the right song then I just said yeah? Well, thanks Neil the first call and I just want to say that Matt and Jack you're in the way to Melody yet. Well, what about the song? I don't know how the song is great. I used to listen to it when I was a kid. I thought it was a pretty neat need rendition of a great classic yeah a great classic along the lines with the i95 song right But I had I had a good chuckle listening to it and I didn't think anybody else was out Florida knew about it But you're obviously a man of pace That's what they call me sir have a great life you two 1057 a WIOD there's what over line now It's on at starline if you got Bell South Ability man we're willing to pay the big bucks for a couple of minutes anyway At star I OD here's a mobile in Miami paying for their own Hey, yeah, sir. How are you? Pretty good good in the producers? I know the younger guy was with an a gene wilder. Yes, sir and the older guy was Who Tom Deloys or I can't run Deloys that's correct. Is that correct? Yeah, great movie and bank drop was it at Terrific terrific movie. Look classic. Yeah, yeah, that's all I wanted to say it also low me $50 Okay, Larry right see you 1058 a good old WIOD We have an open line well. It's kind of a sad day when you read that kind of stuff about these trucks I hated Danny Bonaducci anyway didn't you all didn't you everybody hate him and that's your all disgusting? I've been like Dan the Dave Madden Rubin can cade better than him and I couldn't stand him The Dippy agent oh man is he a dip he does some spots you notice all these old character actors they do spots And they make a lot of money doing commercials too, by the way, but they sure can't get any other works of They do a lot of spots like Tom Bosley. Oh man There I swear to you if there's one person in the history of television who can make me nauseous in Tusa I'd like to take a gigantic glad bag and stick him in it, okay? And like just take that twist on tie and tie it up so tight that nowhere could possibly penetrate And then just like put it in a gigantic incinerator Oh man Tom Bosley there's another one of those TV shows happy days good all mighty what did you people see in that show Fancy Henry Winkler's total slime ball idiot moron and richy With this cocoon now what is his name that will play richy? What's his name come on get with it's got to be sharp on his show George richy How are you running how are the course see you knew it all the time? And speaking bad look at that with his body shirt there's manny just came in look like a real sleaze bag clean yourself up What your please last guy dressed like that here is canned Henry burrows got the 11 o'clock news the latest on that Alberto San Pedro thing boy I bet you there are people right in this block We're getting emotional inside Catec about that story And then we'll come back at 11 o'clock Rick and Sads with a mystery it says here dictator from two to six sports talk with Yet to be determined host 605 Hank lie from Los Angeles say to clock with writer David is real tonight