The target whether they're right or whatever they might be one of the reason that's so funny is because nobody else will do it Yeah, and the fact is it happens and then to start bringing all this crap about suicide I mean that that is just so ridiculous. It's embarrassing Okay, the fact that anybody stands up to be counted. I mean here's here's the article again John Travolta is getting married now isn't that a joke actress Kelly pressed that in John Travolta just happened to be getting married after this outing Organization popped his name out as being gay Funny coincidence, isn't it wow? That's what I call a ballsy move John. We're gonna sleep in separate houses So separate countries for you. I Made him down at May fair one day was just like walk it around. I shouldn't say that because then the Organization up there for lottery what they ought to be doing is going out there worrying about all the gay basirs in a four-later day Okay, including the police that's what they ought to be doing Instead of worrying about some jackass on a radio who's got a sense of humor They're experimenting with new gentle blue uniforms. Did you see that? So brown and white cars Wow brown shirts are cleaning up their act. We think goose step here a little bit lower. Yeah What again And I knew it the people I was sitting next to they said oh we're in trouble We've lost this what I know we can come back we did before it was like the jets we did it then we could do it now I was rude and I was singing and you understand the Henry Burrow is the magic ingredient that put us over the top You understand why did they not let him we talked about this like all day Friday Why now they have baked him they said well We need you and Buffalo. It's gonna be a tough game We want you to come next week. It's gonna be cool. Sure. Who's got the like warming song the up will give you an extra bottle and he said oh I can't I really can't See Larry Zorca threatened me one time and That's why I wanted to know if that was like With no I can't a really can't Henry come on Seriously when one for the zipper and we come on just for a couple hours. Oh I can't a really can't all right screw you Go have a drink It's gonna be a tough tough weekend Hey listen I said this was gonna be a tough game and it was a little but we both agreed I saw you before the game. Oh it was gonna be a good game. You to see me after the name You wouldn't have a little but it was going to be a good game and it was a great game. Maybe the greatest game that I've ever been to And it was like that chess game we came back we come back Dan knows you know if he wants to give these people their money's worth they paid a lot to get in They complain about the ticket prices. Let me just kind of lay back for a little while Give them their money's worth and then I'll win this one just try to get into this. I didn't hear you mentioned today Did you notice that nobody left the stadium and tell all the dolphins were off the field? Not true. I mean nobody figure it. It was the stadium was nine tenths. Oh, yeah Capacity until all the dolphins were no nine tenths capacity when it started well exactly But you know what I mean they stayed there. They thought it was gonna be a last home game They applauded them all year it was phenomenal. It was great. It was and you can't get that from TV no Not at all and the fact that there were empty seats that that's the only negative you could find out the entire affair The fact that there were five six thousand empty seats it's inexcusable And I guarantee there were people after were kicking themselves that they didn't go. I don't think so No, I don't like I said I guarantee there were people who should have been kick exactly or kicked by somebody You know what people who don't go who haven't been to a football game in a long time Don't realize it's don't get from TV TV they have such tight shots on everybody and all you see in the field of view is the players When you're in the fields you can see all the possibilities where they can go the one guy that's down there that they don't get to Until the players are already down around the guy you know what I mean the openings the closings and all of that And you can sit there a roof or something that's about to happen, but you'll never see that on TV What the hell am I saying? I don't know I don't know I don't think Marlon bread nor was it rest David hey guys listen theoc congratulations on the smell of South. Thank you second things information You got a butt-loat boy on there right here and also information for one of your previous listeners You're part of All right, there's a tape shop and record shop when sunrise full of art west of 441 called Sir Arthur's oldies Yeah, he has a copy of the reputation contest really and If what do you need a copy of it you know how long metal is well here's the situation you'll make you when you buy the tape and give it to I Why should do the same for any of your customers that want an original Thanks a Three about the guard the geota root two little gay guy standing up on top to double nice life sir 118 and Wiod we have an open line in Broward 524 I think he saw that movie the fan with Lauren Bacol to many times That was that peak guy. Yeah, and one honest to see I You know I'm willing to discuss to debate but when somebody calls me and starts threatening and Telling me what I can say and what I can't say and if you know what he's saying if you don't Bend and yield to well pressure we're gonna come after you with the vet come after what come after what? Because I say because I have a sense of humor. They've got a beat you up. Yeah, right Good luck to them. I hope they were a pair of pants She's exactly right. Some people are so stupid any of these militant. I don't care what it is Militant women's groups exactly whatever the organization it's just it's enough to make you bar One thing to stand up for your rights and to try to To try to demand what Society owes you a fair shake in life, okay? And a fair chance to live your life and earn a living of what have you But to start try to throw your weight around because wow, we're gonna It's just a bunch of crap. It's a pile of garbage all right Why don't you come after some of the other gutless people who are cowering in the closet or what a stand-up and be countered? What about them Charlie? One nineteen a wild But a great game a book but be be right back if you weren't in a box where you could see it on TV or anything No, okay I'm telling you I'm a few of those carries that ball was just hanging out there and my heart was in my throat I'm like I know we're gonna bumble it but sure enough. He didn't he really had a great game. That's right. Yeah Well, I don't know about this weekend, but uh well listen Let me say this to you, okay? Because this is my feeling when I left on Saturday No matter what happens from here on in it's been a phenomenal season And it's not a disclaimer because I mean Buffalo's gonna be tough They beat us like crazy a couple weeks ago, but they don't further than anyone but the fact is that that game on Saturday It was like you know 12 and four would have been nice But if we would launch to Kansas City there would have been a lot of any tractors, but pulling that came out and doing it the way we did I mean this has been a phenomenal season. There is one negative though, Neil. What's that? They ain't covered the spread. See ya. Don't you like see there's a Hank Goldberg man. And I knew that I'll I also thought that too people be saying well, they didn't cover the spread But that it cared exactly a Fool and his money are soon part of it as you guys found out on Friday. Yeah, thanks a lot. How'd you end up doing it? We're leaving We have two open line. I don't discuss that two open lines in date in I stayed for seven or seven ways. Yeah, and I had a couple of seconds. I never had a winner and it just the tough. It's brutal 75 one WOD and date a one and Broward five two four the book will be out tomorrow morning by the way at 10 a.m Number so be out I think we're all gonna slip a little bit thanks to that November everything is up on the air based on December If our folks come came through and listen a lot these summer we're doing great. I do love those spots though Much like our bro they are the same as the billboards only animated Uh-huh at your Ravi Stadium where we see Wiod in and you see news what traffic check marks check marks And I think it's just amazing that this radio station which is The world's digital ship entirely oriented based on personality radio from a near end of morning through me and midday And you guys need to have to know and even the sports personalities and Hank entirely based on those factors and on the dolphins and hurricanes which have nothing to do with the other three News whether in traffic is the best we can do to promote this radio station and the people who slave their their fat asses off To try to bring an audience over here I think somebody in our news department out of him a fast up and admit that that isn't the case. No, I can't I really can't well Maybe you can't maybe Chuck Myers honest enough. We got to do it. Okay, because he hasn't he's not part of the old guard here What did I say guard? Wait, is that the name of that? Yeah, I'm fit because they're gonna come after me with the vengeance I like I like places where they have a PO box number That's always a sign of courage Anyway, we have two open lines a day seven PO box number PO box here, and they're pretty PO I don't want to screw it the issue But Like I said, we have two open lines a day seven five one Butch seven five one Wiod Can we hear somebody real books to be on a kind of counter this old thing Or she'd drive in the truck Let's go to Boca Oh, no, yes, you're how you doing it was first time I'll come out of no I'm kind of in between a rock in a So please Yeah, I'm calling I love your show get a great show and I read in a Miami Harold something that I thought was pretty unbelievable They had a phone pole and Turned out that about five out of six People that they they pulled a prove not only just didn't have any opinion of but a proof of the Miami hurricane behavior in the cotton ball Well, what is that credit that's this town that is that's this attic That's just the fact well, I'm not gonna argue about it anymore I mean I should you should see the letter I just threw in a waist basket from a lady no less a hateful rotten nasty letter and then that article by the team Chaplain that was in the Sun sent tenial yes, oh, yeah A racial thing and we don't understand I mean So many rationalizations it's a pilot crap, and that's all a risk to it when they blame it on the racial thing that just drives Yeah, it's because anyone if anyone acted that way it just it's right no no no no no no no no no One's about right but this time we can make anything if it like snowed in the middle of a January We'd say it had something to do with a a Puerto Rican Cuban Anglo black ethnic good Jewish thing and About their net is action. I just couldn't believe that then he said he was embarrassed because the coach is the ultimate Control yeah, well, in other words he's admitting he had there was a certain group that he had no control over Well, I mean, did you see the the shirkable last year? But let's say I don't want I don't want to pretend you this it's like I don't know like reading it not only a dead horse, but when that's in a bottle of glue I mean it's that far out of the barn already It's hopeless. All right, but you're never gonna change these people's minds don't confuse them with a truth All right, one more thing I wanted to Ask as Bill it's a little late now, but have you ever seen a movie called the cook that's he's his wife and her lover Do you ever see that bill? No, no, it's uh, it's kind of like an arti film It's a British film that was uh, it's really really weird But it's it's very well done Very well and I don't go over pretty well bigger than it's pretty well all right. You're great day Okay, and I seen you by the way, Bill 129 You don't know what else I want to do? What you know what else I like to the game? Those banners I think there were more banner planes Then I'd ever see yeah, and they're just great the whole experience was great But I get it hey, so they're flying around have a great time here come to this club and come to this club And they're like 10 o'clock in the room and then falling around won't chase my boycott Miami Did you see that bandlight and see that didn't you Let's create my boycott my Huge banner's going around come to shooters and come down here and we've got this for you and then low little chase plane boycott Miami Flying around in the round you didn't see that now. Oh, man And I thought I read all of them. I was really most of my first thing I did when I got out I went out and boycott it my end. Yeah Well when I leave here I'm gonna boycott it. I'm going to plantation acres right on put on my dress and Pink slippers You know really when you stop and think about it that letter is so stupid that it's embarrassing really it's Bottling harm you can understand when ultra right wing fascist and knuckles right letters like that Well when somebody who's supposed to be representing an organization defending minorities Right say hateful letter like that you know there's something missing somewhere Like common sense and a sense of humor what that was gonna be 130 a WIOD and the will be Right back I just saw Marvin walked down hall it doesn't he know yet Who's gonna break the news tomorrow? No, I can't a really can come on Henry you've been around here long time You can sit among you to tell him what it's all about anyway Patrick Murray 135 and let's go to Del Ray Beach Hi Neil First time caller and I'm a nervous now. We right now. Okay. It's regarding that guard letter Uh Our entail said almost verbatim what was read in that letter on a show on Friday between Well he knul fit for about an hour and a half what do me he said verbatim Almost verbatim. He's someone called and asked him You know if W. F. He all or whatever the station and he's on If they're so free and open was he gonna address his sexuality and He said well, I don't feel the need to but there certain host like Neil Who wanted to come out with that and He always refers to me in the female gender Well, let me first of all. Let me see this to you when I was at WNWS Al-Rantel and I went to a sponsor There's no longer there called the palace restaurant on sunrise Boulevard in full war just a minute and I made a joke out of it and from that day I used to call him Alice at the palace all right, so anybody can assume they take that anyway they want That was the joke then that is the joke now and if he can't handle it or anybody else can that's their problem? Okay, I've been called I have been called Nelly I've been called Nancy Doesn't bother me they can call me anything. I want I'm a big boy doesn't bother okay? They were they were milking it is much as possible Yeah, it came with you know in the room with them and I'm surprised knowing all this call to report this Well, basically because probably number one most people are listening to it in number two most people are here in search It was the only day I tuned in to see what I was up to and He just went on and on that you'll must be uncomfortable with his sex well not in the least bit not in the least bit I have no problem with it all which is why I've been open and out of the closet for now What 14 years as of December of 1970 you seven almost 14 years? So I don't have any problem with it. I've been looking at and I have a sense of humor about that and about everything else in life Because you know life is basically a joke so they can't laugh at it. You got a problem They were trying to play many psychologists here. Oh, I'm sure they were and Saying that well there must be some problem and and else that will maybe because he came to terms with his sexuality late in life That's pretty said and then he To Joel and well, you know, it's amazing to me that we got a bunch of people over there who are busy and of course that Steve Spectralene is trying to psychoanalyze everybody else, but in the meantime on the other hand Tell everybody's been analysis all of his adult life So you know, it's like the podcast calling the kettle beige. It's not right right exactly But what is I don't understand what that has to do with this letter? Well, because I'll kept going on about you know the way you would call people in the denogender with the name of the organization is Gaze united to attack repression and Discrimination and quite frankly when somebody in my position comes out of the closet and stands up to be counted and Speaks out against discrimination and repression and it seems to me that this is like an oxymoron Right right Well, he was just saying that it seems like you you know on one hand That you came out of the closet, but on the other hand You put down like you're putting down yourself not in the least bit And it's just a joke. It's and of course that you'd expect to come in from him and some of the other people over there because they have no sense of humor And and then he've made him tell some story about the blue lagoon and Sits the bracket. Yeah, I don't know if you know what I'm talking about now. I sure don't what about it He elpled the story about how you would freeze frame The shot of the crit coming down a waterfall and first let me say this to okay, let me say this I joked about that on a year Okay, Alorantell has never in his life been in my home I was in his home maybe once or twice when he lived in rock creek, okay? El and I don't socialize. I haven't seen him in years and yet the you know the attempt to go on a year And say oh hey listen I'll be honest with it That's what they want to start because they've got a number of closet people on the year over there on that station a number of them And if they all want to start playing at kind of game I'll be delighted okay. I had no problem with that It just makes me wonder that you know they were trying to say that you aren't comfortable with your sexuality Well, I got to take it right from the horse and take it right from the horse's mouth I'm as comfortable as anybody could be okay and I know you're not putting down gay people. It's all all in fine Well, let me just let me put it to you this way consider the source Exactly. Have a great day. You too one 40 at WIOD all I will say that after you watch that scene for about 45 seconds You realize it's no big deal I mean you talk about the caught podcast calling the kettle pink, okay? You want to compare our libraries of movies now? I'll bring it all I'll bring in every video tape that I have at home and read the Titles or read what is written on the box because a lot of Marla Cub games and horse-raising I'll read them all on the air and you do the same okay? Unbelievable talk about desperate flailing out for attention Put you up will you try Or I'll all sick those guys on you so to speak Man Hollywood I don't know Yeah, Adam How the hell am I supposed to know that in my psychic well I told the Marvin is not I Marvin's busy getting fired I'm just kidding Listen there I called you because I'm an early telemya No, I don't really can't Check this out now I want to jail the other week We're trying to get a fake idea Yeah, and Spent a night jail like came out and it turns out that they dropped the charges and they're gonna charge me with a misdemeanor My life has got suspended for a year Yeah, and The misdemeanor I don't know if it just deals with the spend it and I and that's in colon telecasting I'm calling all of the drama slash on the bureau in the house and nobody knows Yeah You don't have any knowledge in that area, do you? Why do I do I know if your license has been suspended You know you just an all good type of look at yeah your license is suspended stay home Do you believe that? I think these people are doing mushrooms. I really do I think cost for got him first Did you hear his list Remlins part two and Dick Tracy? He is he's a I don't know he's just a silly guy for a lot of them I got hello Neil Howard okay. Yeah, good a tough hour and come out the worry about anything But anyway And reference the guard here that he's a minor business and worry about things like Miramar and stuff like that not bother with you You've been doing things like that forever Oh, I'm here. Yeah, you're here. Good you know. What are you about things like mirror-marin? Yeah, yeah, yeah, was that Norman a Zed shoe in that plan? I that that mayor. Oh, yeah, right And the other thing you were what talking about earlier one is TWN and two is Cliff O'Neill up in Washington Right weekly news and this guy used to write for the weekly news and one of the silliest people I've ever encountered in my life And used to hate me like poison and one of the main reasons is because I like Howard Stern in other words Again, these militant people no matter what group it happens to be unless you adhere to their whole agenda Who you're supposed to hate and what you're supposed to think? I'm not an automaton. I think for myself Okay, and nobody tells me what to think or what to say Hey, you've been doing your stick for years. You know, so why does that worry about it now? You know, it's a bunch of crap in here And one more thing as far as the Kansas City and by the way, let me also say this to Mr. Whatever his name was What's his name? Lennie Picky Picky Picky Picky, whatever was yeah, when we were when we were under tremendous Dores in attack here by certain homophobic elements in the community I don't recall him coming to our assistance at that Maybe I have a bad memory, but it's just somehow slips my mind Oh, it slips his mind to probably you know him at Allen Terrell or all both in the same boat if you ever heard Allen Terrell He's another lawyer that tries to do all these things The press people, but he's a good is a good gay right actor just to the far community You never know and just one more thing here considering the Kansas City Chief Yeah, I gave a Darren Sherry and Barry word a ride in my cab the other night and I doubt they'll let's think because they're probably gone back home But I would sure think so yeah, yeah, I told him so maybe they can get a wrong distance back in Kansas City when they belong Okay, right have a good day now And the same to you 144 a Wild we have an open line of day one and Broward let's go to A mobile and Fort Lodder day hey Neil yeah You as far as I'm concerned this is only my opinion you just hit a ride on the head When you said that all these groups some talk of an array anyone who feels like there's some kind of a political action group If you don't believe in 100% of their agenda You're on there you know what exactly and these people first of all In my this is only my opinion like I said you Personally are for human rights now human rights. I don't care if your home is sexual I don't care if you're the elephant man everyone has their human rights. I'm not big on Affirmative action group or the American Civil Liberty Union But everyone has human rights and These people have to understand that whether your home is sexual or not and I don't feel like I'm a home of public But you've got certain rights you don't have more rights than anybody else and for you The boy's your opinion on the air is your opinion and that's the way it is and if people don't like it Change the channel yeah You know, but I just feel like you really hit it on the head with that last call Well, I'm sick and tired of them and this community seems to specialize in all of these different individuals and groups Who think they have some God give or write that they're gonna tell you what to say when they say it what you can think What you can write what you can read what you can watch the pilot crap Well, it's a world and worse Now did you get that letter like if one a clock or did you have it before you start? No, I just started opening up the mail. Oh, because I was gonna say I can't believe that you had that letter for a few days of that on it without exploding Well, I didn't sit on it. Well, although I might sit on later when I put my skirt on, but I didn't sit on it Anyway, but I mean the lunacy of somebody trying to connect teenagers committing suicide because they're gay With the jokes that I make on the year. I mean, that's just really reaching just a little bit Yeah, of course just just like the people who may drown in the wherever they are because somebody's listening to So on a boat right have a great life 146 at Wiod in our hysterical southloader community where it's never I thought today man the day after that victory on Saturday I thought this is gonna be one of the greatest days in history the human race I came into this god forsaken radio station and within 30 seconds I wonder blow my brains out and Then cost for came in here. We had a good time with bill, but he also seemed like he was on the wild side today Like he was on a moon the moon man and then I started opening up the mail But the good news is up for Camille, South now 107 thousand we got another a couple of barriers across today 107 thousand 141 dollars and that's not cheese cake. Okay. We'll be right back Sayel people and rancos 149 at Wiod a mobile in Miami Okay, I was thinking about your letter. You know what it is it's jealousy You have in Wayne Arnold's which I just came from about half hour ago Oocic pictures of yourself up on the walls and how many did he have done Got a herd, you know, I'm saying Who is that? The guy is sent to the letter from guard or Charlie Pete? Charlie Pete, you don't see anybody his name is an immigrant on the outside, but about room Yeah, that's true. And you have a little bit of a chance that Yeah, you know we could like maybe everyone of your listeners go into one restroom You know, let's let's not let's not let's not and say we did, okay? Okay, that way you won't get trouble but we know that you want us to do it No, we don't I can't get you in a little bit of trouble here. No, well, I tried have a great life sir 150 a Wild my amy hello Yeah, near this is the same you guys didn't bash me this week. Okay, then we have a nice life baby West Palm Beach Who? Alan I thought you go down Yeah, Alan Hey, who's that that TV? They kind of movie critics and tell them that that was pretty wild, toy I can't move I'm very unusual question I wanted to keep you calm, I've been in the help day How come you're like whispering Alan's there's some special reason? No, are they not entering your phone? Give them a kick let me see if they're phone but couple of it Does that sound any better? No. Okay, sorry about that I've been what is the market some 30 and a half points. What is it Alan? Then he's two pieces of mail on a guy's father. Okay. One is an article regarding Yeah, and it'll leave you want to open up the case regarding making the V8 when it's hopefully killed after 30 three days in office right? That all the interest is reviewed based on the new godfather's treatment Good But that was in a red I'll maybe that'll get a hat next for half a star from cost for it That's right And the thing it's the end is I'm I'm sending you a magazine entertainment We can get a lot of you get that A Hollywood type magazine A six-page story on an opportunity to know when the godfather's treatment Great But you might like that Thanks Alan Okay Bye Bye One 51 West West West Palm Beach Hollywood Yeah I want to congratulate you on the toll on Camille's house Thank you And I'm proud to say I'm part of that toll But I want to say something about the game this weekend Good game but that referee should have kept up flagging his pocket Come on, that wasn't holding Let's go to Miramar Hello Hey Neil how are you doing? Okay You know don't let those guys get you you know you're doing them a favor You're even talking about the damn letter Let me go to hell don't give them any publicity No, I'm not giving them any publicity But I think that when people try to Intimidate people I think that they should be exposed to what they're trying to do because a lot of these groups are on around trying to pass themselves off as being great guardians of minorities and guardians of people's rights And all they're really trying to do is take away people's rights Well, yeah, that's true But you give it up They don't like my sense of humor, it's too bad, okay? Yeah, forget to listen the rugby players had a bumper sticker that was really neat And now I think it applies to Miami dolphins It's said that rugby players have leather balls and I've got more respect of Miami dolphins that I've had And many many many years I'm gonna go get my season tickets like you did good for you because they just demonstrated They don't care about dirty and the uniforms they're caught there They're contract with their vote here They're out there banging heads in the pleasure pleasure to hear them and see them or whatever And the fact that there is ever an empty seat in that stadium is really it's a commentary on this community It sure is hell isn't a comment on it on that team or on the coach Hey, one other thing when you're not on the era, whatever I've rightly over a 2 a.m. I listen to once and a while He's gonna play a song fight for him on about seven pretty little angel eyes He said that that your favorite song is Yeah, but I like listening to it when I can hear it, you know, and let's on a.m. and it's like Work with I get a little nervous But tell him I appreciate the sentiment Have a good life, okay 153 a W.o.d. boys strange assortment this hour. Let's go to candle Yeah, hi my name's Ty on the first time caller hi Ty how are you? I've got working on a new alignment here for the for the dolphins maybe we can get a sell out maybe maybe you can give me some points here I'm gonna work on a line here and this is this is neat. I got Dwight Latterdale and it's full back Tom Randall at half back Huh, Campbell Marshall a white out Let's go to a mobile in West Palm Beach Hi, Neil you talking so much for you gonna make when he'll angry uh-huh Please don't talk so much for okay, put your up, will you sir? Davy Hi, Neil yes, I was at a game on Saturday I guess well, I'll tell you the response we're getting about at this hour on a scale of zero But what I guess to be expected in this time I just couldn't contain myself. I had to call you and no we're gonna whip off from nowhere I mean after that incredible when all these calls we got after their hurricanes embarrassed but all these people Arguing and denying and screaming about it we could have we could have gone out with a marathon and had three days Solid without an empty line and here we have this incredible victory and a just an unbelievable experience on Saturday And I'm listening to a mishmosh of puke on a phone We're going to the super ball well. I don't know if we are not but regardless of what happens from here on in they are just Incredible Thank you honey They deserve a lot better than this time. I'll tell you that in fact. I think they're more people and just to dolphin suit is your better, but that's just my own opinion 155 at Wild What is that mobile is that a new one? Hello Hello Yeah Okay one word of that was another good cellular phone one word you notice and it just blasted off the face of the map get a no phone pal Well, yeah, but job Boka Okay David Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm for you, Cati Rose and bar special HBO No, I've somehow managed to miss that Oh boy you oh, it was unbelievable It was so but it shouldn't have been called a Tom Arnold special because he was on more time since she was Every 20 minutes he came out while were you watching well I could have seen how bad it was I wanted to see the phone in the I guess the cost the US the phone in to say when I she was yeah not one negative call We've had I try to do my bit, but I guess it was green couldn't have been screen cut it I don't think so I was funny that the president the Salt Lake city chapter of a fan club called in I just have no support today got true Which be weird anyway, I could say Quichil and Thanks for the commote test. Okay. Wow this hour. Where's Causford when we need him, huh? Or is he responsible for this? Thanks a lot Bill Mobile Boy, oh boy, oh boy mobile on the song rest. Yeah. How are you doing? I? Good question The most my first call I've been listening to you for years and years even when I moved out of town I'm in on the risk in fan and I've been a season ticket up hold her up there and last year I moved back down here and got my dolphin tickets I'm I'm I'm I believe you what I like to watch football live is something about it One of the problems with uh Jo Robbie when I first got there it seemed like they couldn't get the stadium to rock at all Okay, they got this temporary bleachers and he gets loud and now seems like people are Banging on the season for them. It's really starting to rock and it's uh it was a great game this week Yeah, finally woke up. Yes, I'm finally finally giving the wake up call I'm glad and uh by the way I love your show. I last my last every day when I'm driving around and I'll get talking to you Thanks a lot. Okay. Well we had one or two real people to sarin out to many 157 at WIOD You got Miami on there, but they're lining even lit Hollywood Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I am I'm a first time caller I've been listening to you show for a couple months now from the York and I got to say you're ten times better than how it's turned number one Well, I want ten times as paycheck as that Okay, I can understand what I just take one time as paycheck one time Let me ask you something You send the golf pot apart three obviously right twice. All right twice now. I see that Operating when it often customers and I think the ending of the movie the very hand was one the most ridiculous Something I've ever seen do you agree with that? No, why is that? Because You know his door the gets you know at the opera. I don't want to give the movie away Yeah, but at the very end I mean he just sitting I guess it's in Coralion, Sicily Yeah years later. Yeah. I mean years later. He looks like he's 90 years old And he just kills over I mean and that's how the end of the movie that just does I make any sense Do you think is going to be a part four oh yeah? I sure hope so with Andy Garcia's got fun Well, I know he took over the family and everything but they just had Michael Coralion left He's gone. He's out of it now now we got somebody who's still alive and maybe Michael can be the South Florida godfather like for century village Thank okay In other words he may be dead but like a lot of the people in South Florida who also have been dead for 10 15 20 years It can like be the head of their family Anyway, have a great day and god-owning these knows you need to dry out a lot of you it's just been unbelievable today We got Rick and pod coming along after the news at two this evening. We have what ought to be a massive Celebration on sports talk at 605 get over their night at bootles mister weaver will be there mr's a gacky Mark Dennis and the dolphins will be there. It should be incredible and Hank Goldberg coming up to we know who Hank's guest is gonna be Do we know anything today? You talk you want to think that yesterday was New Year's there something wouldn't you talk about I hate to break the news to all the folks around here Baron radio land the holidays are over. I know it's difficult to face It's been exciting it's been great but time to face the cruel harsh world again come back to work get your act together Is this a little slow or something would you agree this is a little bit? I think by like the 15th of July these people are finally gonna Hey 1991 maybe we can better get back at the office get to work right Have a great life the book comes out tomorrow. We'll see you tomorrow morning at 10 here on 610 wio Yeah Okay wait a minute hold on second hold it hold it hold a music Wio D Yeah, you're doing deal okay. Yeah, but drum roll wait a minute Okay, okay Alice just made the announcement Me but he did say what he wanted you admit you want me to tell you that I'm gay Okay, um gay wow better now Whoo and that it just happened like five minutes now wait a minute was this like kind of on a sperm of a sperm of the moment you got it Wow, in other words, it wasn't contrived. Are you sure that positive you're positive? It was uh he was I'm an argument with a caller yeah, and He said to the call well, maybe you'll just feel better if I tell you that I'm gay Yeah, would that make it feel better yeah, and the call was the yes, okay? Well, I bet you Steve is beaming from your career to your name as soon as you made the announcement Steve is now on with them. Oh Steve is in the studio oh Man, what an emotional moment ladies in general and pardon me. There's not a dry eye in the house Oh my god Better late than ever is what I would say about that. Wow In credible. Thank you sir. You very well See Boy, I'm speechless aren't you Man, I don't know what this scream or eat a planting Miami Beach Oh, yes, sir. Yeah, what do you know how I'm with you? Well, I don't want to tell you I just reasoned that last woman from home said I I first of all I'm on the cage down here for my 33rd year And I'm of course I'm from the coal city. Yeah, I'm a Buffalo New York. Yeah, I They last woman they call from home. We should don't call a sender back to chief to loga sir Send her to chief to loga Send her to North Tata Wanda I said to the lack of a lot of that send her to the Pew and Jim stuff Okay Amen Okay, what we're gonna do and what's that you what? From Rochester sir our real city with class and culture Okay, well, we can we just kind of great show Thank you, bro Come on an hour go the Buffalo to I Yep, sir. I got to go. It's been lovely. It's been charming have a wonderful life And we hope to kick your ass. We'll see what happens You can't find things you said okay, see a series kind of fading off Grypting off over the piece bridge right into a four-day reelocard pal for those Canadians We'll see you tomorrow stay tuned for you the guys 47 at 610 W I O D let's get back to the phones in point and beach Hey, buttok hey on you okay In case you still care that phones album was undercover Okay, all right, all right, I just wanted to make everything not very attractive Warbon on the front. Well, you can't tell everything covered up. Ha ha ha ha Well, I ran all right. Yeah, you saw me right All right, I just want to make everybody feel better It's been tinglingly on everybody's mind I guess, but I heard today. Really? Oh, yeah? I heard today that vanilla ice was nominated for some gramis Woo How about it? Slob oh But don't you but you think everybody will feel better now? Oh, yeah Yeah, I know boy yeah, well, you know it's a pretty selective list this year There was only 8,000 nominees yeah, and they're all very worthy of the award this should be 8,000 entrance 7,999 Yeah, well, I know vanilla ice my favorite oh, I think it's his originality Oh, definitely well, you know not everybody can take a song and make a song out of a song that was already a song while shaving their eyebrows Well, let's your MC hammer exactly. Yeah, but sud you know when you had that record weasel guy from STK Yeah, just for glass. Yeah, well, I was just waiting. I was just hoping you would turn to the guy and go, you know He sold sure he sold like millions of albums and and he went number one and all but he still sucks I just want to ask him about that that in the MC hammer deal, you know, and he kind of skated around that suds did get his whole phone number and every night he calls and he says he puts slob there You all right, that's who is going to play that all right. Thanks for the call