It's fat rich would be here. We wouldn't want to influence him. I know. I OD. I'm a club fan. That's your job. Hey, looking to do some late night jumping. Well grab the posi and head on down to the arse radio! No! It's the only arse radio mall located directly opposite Johnny and Ed's old hat shop. And right back to Dave's stupid pet store. The arse in the home hall has 50 funky stores that will make you feel just like our city all himself. This is chunky a hot bunch of where you'll be fitted with a customized big butt just like our city. Then it's a play escalator to the party time dental clinic for your very own plastic smile with extra long gums just like our city. Yes! Yes! Yes! There's plenty to do. Have your picture taken with our city's good friend Ed and Ed Murphy. He's the whole guy here! Grab some oversized finger food at our city's own restaurant flashing the pair. Or just be a guest on one of our couches. There's so comfortable your bottle feel like it's been cast by our city or himself. So if you're shopping for republess and eat get busy and hit on down to the arse city. Maybe you could have a dick fucker son of you. I'm not kidding. I don't know how to stand it. Is it me? Am I going deaf? The speakers in here seem so loaded. Is that just me? Man are they low. How about if we cranked it up like that? Nothing. That's a little bit better. I must be going through change of life. Paupano Beach. Welcome to 610 Wiod or Newsweather and draft station. Grandfather Neil, how are you doing? I'm doing great. So anyway we're talking about card sharks. And you were mentioned in Jim. You said Jim Perry. Jim Perry. Jim Wayne. Bob. No no no that's a wrong show. No it is a straight. No it's not. Jim Wayne was the second one. Jim Wayne was not on card sharks. Jim Wayne was on the dating game. But he did card sharks. Jim Perry did card sharks. There you go. Perry. He did it. Neil or Perry. I knew if I said the wrong one you'd get it right. We got Jim Perry yesterday. That's not the problem. The problem is Bob. Bob. You bank. No Bob you banks on the Worshaw and TV. The newlywed game. Worst in the love boat. And what the hell is this? You are so far off man. I tell you one thing. This is a good call because no matter how much I screw up on this stuff today, I can always think back to your call. Well thank you. Excellent job. You're welcome. And in closing let me just say to you. Thank you so much. Have a nice life. Bye. We're not going to do that again today are we? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Let's get the book out. Well let's face it. Boy the way it is hot in here. Man is it warm. Oh you're even warm too. Okay. George. Not while when I came in it was freezing. It was absolutely frigid. Man it was just like you laying it to run a bad day. How does the lanes nose come in by the way? Understand they got her nose in a freezer. Now it's a little bit better. Okay. Let's get back to business here. How about those cubs kicked him ass? How about the meds? What the hell is going on with them? They're unconscious. There what is it? 6 and 2. And Ho Joe hit a homerun in the upper deck. Boy I bet Chuck Myers not going to be talking baseball for a long time now. They had their big chance last night. The meds killer Zane Smith started it for the pirates. And they got their ass beat 6 run 9 thinning for the meds. And they just cleaned their clock. Greg Maddox pitched another good game for the cubs. And the Gary Scott continues being a miracle worker at third base over there. And we're just doing it. And Mitch Williams comes in. He gives up that tremendous homerun to the hawk. And that was the difference in the ball game. Thanks a lot Mitch. You're doing it. Good boy. Anyway 10 past 10 on 610 Wild if the not slanting lady or anybody else interested in that show is listening in the let's see what's the date on this thing. Entertainment Weekly Friday April 19th this week's or last week's edition. This week's this week's entertainment weekly. Notty notty notts front page story. And on the front page you got Michelle Lee and then there's a. What's your name, Valley in and page and the Anne. Whatever the hell their names are. Oh here it is on the bottom. Michelle Phillips John Ben Arkin. Nicholas here it. And of course. And inside not slanting hits episode 300 this month. A milestone for prime times last great soap to secret of it says a. Be witching mixture of suburban hanky panky and addicts that's at standards for TV weirdness. So how old is season and very strangely it says. And it's got little. Blurbs in here on all the different most of the major characters in a show. And then in a it's a big article like pages like about six seven pages. And at the end of it, a notts atlas and it's got a little math a guide to who did what where and it's kind of like. 12 13 different events major events and shows you on a map where they took place. So if we have any other fanatics out there by all means go on pick up 10 or 20 copies. Okay it's 11 past 10 on six 10 Wild are question of the day is who are the panel contestants on. Which one could we do today? What has got to be one doesn't it? How about on the pyramid? Soupy sales was good on the pyramid good morning. And the soupy sales was also on what's my line with our lean frances and benet surf right? Oh we're not going to do that again today because it's just my mind is still wrenched from yesterday. My brain is just fried from all the pressure that these people I can't even remember where I was yesterday. So we're being at the track last night unfortunately. All those know it all's up there boy all at the pavies and Kelly Shepherd and Harvey Ross. All those know it all's up there man with their with their heavy duty information. They're all good guys you just full of crap. 12 minutes after 10 at Wild do we got all the lines with except brown word look at that. Five two four does like an open strip. Do you know what's going on here or anything more about the topless car wash? What the hell is that all about? Topless car wash and four lotterdels the most screwed up place in the world. They're closing down all the girly bars and anything can't walk across the street with a cup of soda and your hand or anything. But it's okay to do topless anything. They got a topless donut shop. No more. What a go out of business. Well a guy died from too much excitement though. Okay man what kind of a boob would start a place like that anyway too much pressure. I'm wondering if you get imprints on a hood of your car can you sue for that? And what about seriously if they have a topless car wash it's 20 bucks for the car wash and minimum five dollar tip. What about these kids these guys who are 16 and 17 in Florida you get your regular license when when you're 18? 17? What? 16? Okay so you can get like a regular license when you're 16. Now there was one kid yesterday that could be a rumor but he said he wanted to borrow 500 bucks from his dad so we could go get the car wash 25 times. What the hell is that all about? Is Sheriff Nick going to get a give permission cards for minors to come and get their cars washed and browned? Unbelievable. Anyway it's certainly something to a ponder. 1014 Wild. The Fort Lauderdale Swap Shop is a place for you to peruse and have a great time. Just walk around for hours checking out all the incredible merchandise new and used inside and out. So their whole campaign about the sports guys is in trouble says general manager Alan Shacklin of Channel 6 on less. We can find somebody who is first initials begin with S8. As in Shapiro who's still there. S8 says every any bells with anybody in his audience. As in Shacklin it says he could always hire himself. Real cute Juan Carlos, Code Tax and David Neil combined to write this incredible article in the hero this morning. Also the big flap about the name of the rape woman and Kennedy thing. And the globe out of Boka. Now the one of those great tabloids that gives you everything you need to know about what everybody else is doing. Her picture and her name from the London tabloid that first published it and have it a big flap about that. Hey listen why the hell not right. Miami hello. Hi. How you doing? I'm doing fine. Are you doing today? I'm doing great so far. So far so good. Yeah. I was listening to that the beginning of your program when you put that are sunny all hall. I hate him. Oh the worst. You know something I really like him when he first started. But he just. There's something about him. He just lets him set an arrogant asshole. I mean he just thinks that he's the hottest thing since they invented the wheel. He's just so cool that it says ready to explode. Yeah. He's getting a little out of control. Who will and who will and hornie and sitting on the edge of that chair like he's ready to attack anything that moves. I mean he's just a pathetic and that audience of his give her break. I hate his teeth. I hate his gums. Yeah. I live here with the lightning streak. Yeah. He's just him. He's the only one I don't like. However Rick D's is like a close second. Oh I what a lame show. How can that be on the air? That's a nice question. I think I just get into Racy. Oh is he? Yes he is. Well it sounds like you watch him a lot though. No it's I don't. How do you know that you just hear it through the rape line? Well that's why I quit watching him and I was over the front house. Sunday night Saturday night. She had him on. Oh I see. He's like a captain. Yeah and you know it seems like he makes comments against people's misfortunes. Which a lot of people do. But I mean it seems like he gets a smile like the captain just swallowed the Canary. Well he's a slime ball is what he is. Yeah. Nobody admits to watching him. Well nobody. I don't need more. Our team's real tired now. Oh he's been dead for 20 years and nobody knows that it keeps Prophet him up every night. You don't need your own talk show. Oh boy I got one right here at the other. I got one right here at the other. I got one right here at the other. I got one right here at the other. So what do you think about the Kennedy O thing? How about the woman? Well I haven't mixed feelings about it. I don't know why young lady would go with somebody at four o'clock in the morning and expect just walk on the beach. Well no wait a minute. She didn't just go at four in the morning. She went early in the evening and she walked on a scored it into the bar. It was drinking and curousing and schmoozing around. Looking he got picked up at evidently. And then of course the Kennedy's took over to the compound and they would drink it in there. It'll four o'clock in the morning. And what the hell did she expect to tea party? Did they think they were going to make their strategic plans for the next election? Sounds like a set up. Yeah. Who knows what it is but boy I'll tell you. Any howl was she 29? Howl was she 29? Howl was she 29? Yeah twine night. This isn't like a 15 year old girl or something. This is a woman old enough to know better. Yeah. Well. I guess the justice system will figure that out for everybody. Well at least I didn't give her right home anyway. Well. That's something to be. Have a great day. See ya. Bye. 1021 a good old W.I.O.D. And all by the way speaking of Shemooka this is the other part I wanted to get into. Far be it for me. I love Hank. I don't want you to start a thing about Hank. Although I heard a guy on Rick and said yesterday afternoon I had a great call. It was one of the best calls I've ever heard. Although it was terrible because he said Hank was a fat slob and I took great exception to that. But Hank tonight has Tom Randall's and Teresa Rod Riegas of Channel 4 News. Did he just have Susan Lickman who by the way I love Susan. I got to meet her for the first time. She's great. She's just a super person and beautiful and attractive and lovely and all that stuff. But you know Hank of course has this in such to his relationship with Channel 4 because he works there. Now isn't there like a little problem here of credibility that Hank is going to start Shilling and Shmoosing with all of his co-workers from Channel 4 and promoting. Channel 4 on a year and using his nighttime radio show here on 610 W.I.O.D. to promote Channel 4 which does nothing to promote us. Do they come on and say listen to Reniri in a morning and Rogers and Midday and Rick and Sads and by the way here's Fat Hank. They don't say that. No way. But I did like Susan. She's a delight. Very nice person. Tom Randall and Teresa Rod Riegas I don't know you have to tune in tonight and fight out. Maybe we can even get Russell Shmouka on here too. He's not doing much tonight. We have one open line in day 7.5.1.2 and Broward. Let's do quishos again today. Well we're going to have a tough weekend Broward because you know who is on this week. Boy, that's going to be rough. 5-2-4. 9-4-6-3 and Broward County. Are you unhappy with your smile as your face looked like the end of the world? Are you tired of being embarrassed by your teeth? Well I'm because of latest advances in dental technology. Dr. Mitchell Evodon can give you a beautiful smile. And his few is too easy appointments without any needles either. Your answer could be porcelain overlays. They're long lasting easily applied. They'll correct spaces crooked, disgusting, chipped ugly teeth. Stains they'll even whiten your teeth as much as you like. You could look just like wink martindale or a little less ridiculous if you'd rather. At any rate called to make an appointment for a no charge of aduation to see a porcelain overlays of the thing for you. In fact if you go ahead have the procedure done within the next two weeks. You'll get 25% off the usual fee of 350 bucks. Bring the total down to 260 to each. That's an unbelievable offer to have complete porcelain overlays done for just 262. Come you don't have the flipper theme in here. We were talking heavy duty about that the other day and no flipper theme. That's for the show was filmed in Fort Lauderdale. Ranger Rick's with the Apple Plactic Luke Calpin would have an ever sprake. Did we ever discover for sure was that not really Luke Calpin? Oh thank god. Why did he say it was it just to put on? We all have problems. What do you mean? He's a coupe. Oh he's just a nut. Oh okay. Because I'm telling you after that happened that we did a remote at specs downtown Miami. And just as a show got over with a guy comes up about I don't know. He said he was 41 and I'm telling you look like he's had a rough life. I mean just like Schmutzie and ugly and gross and he said I'm Luke Calpin from flipper. And boy boy you just never want to get out of bed again. I mean I realize life isn't fair but god almighty. If anybody can become that ugly in 20 years or so it's really a problem. Anyway 1032 at WIOD we have an open line in Palm Beach of course where the thing that match game is something they do over on Palm Beach at S.E.L.R.S. The arsonists 655 9463 655. Who the hell cares about what they're doing in the Kennedy compound. Doesn't that give you an insight as to the attitude of all those voyeurers up there in Palm Beach? It reminds me of when they had the nude beach on MacArthur Beach when I worked at JNO in 1975. They still had what was called the nude beach. And yes I did go there one time and when you go there I mean you just go nude. But that was when I had lost 100 pounds so I didn't feel so self-conscious and I didn't get the busted for polluting the airwaves. But anyway they had these condos that MacArthur built like a Jason to that beach. These big, high-rise condo commando type places and he's old ladies would get on their chairs. I mean it wasn't like right on top of the beach but it was like hundreds of yards down the beach. And they would get up on their high chair and it would take their telescope. They're my Palomar telescope that they just spent $50,000 for and they would be checking out all these naked people on the nude beach. And raised a big stink in a big to do so needless to say I didn't think the nude beach anymore. That's disgusting I can't stand it. Turn around a little bit so I can see it again. Just crazy. That's the Palm Beach there. There are a bunch of mental defectives up there. We all know that but we forgive you. 1033 on 610 WIOD at Yamaha. Advanced technology isn't a requirement. Oh I'm sorry. It's a passion. At a Yamaha South this year he is leading Yamaha dealer. You'll find the largest selection of Yamaha motorcycles anywhere at the best prices. So if you feel like clearing your head. And blowing out a few cobwebs. They've got the remedy. A healthy dose of FZR 600 are the best performing 600 CCC Streetbike anywhere. The FZR 600 R's Genesis technology is obvious in its forward angled liquid cooled cylinders, wind raft carbs, and free flowing straight in takes. Just like a full blown race bike. Yamaha has produced the fastest most advanced race bikes because they know that every time they race, you win. They're the leaders in the motorcycle world and they maintain their lead because of Yamaha. Advanced technology isn't a requirement. It's a passion. There is crazy about that as we are about the NFL DRAP. See the entire 1991 collection of Yamaha motorcycles at Yamaha South, the 11 East Oakland Park Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale, called 5653110. 5653110 and when you go in there be sure and tell them that old Neil's since you buy. And Yamaha South also has on hand the complete line of 91 wave runners. No multi-passed your water vehicle sets the stage for power pack performances. Like the new wave runner VXR equipped with an oil injected Yamaha 650 of V haul to give it a turning edge and beautiful colors and graphics check it out now. The new Rones and Barbie Dog. The gift area is so separately. 1038 at WOD. The reason I've got the whip shot is because the whole new deal at Pompano Park where I was again last night with fat to friend. They keep giving me these whips. Are they trying to tell me something? No, I now have two whips. I have a big beautiful gorgeous one that I use on my dogs. And a little tiny broken one, the Dominic Pavia gave me last night that he broke on baby Benny said. And I'm going to use it on him tonight. And maybe even see him at the track too. Anyway, I just got a fact that says once in for all, when is that promo announced who with that horribly annoying voice going to be can from at least your shows? Those groggy voice overmodulated, inflected, too long promos for weather and shows. Simply in a word. Suck. I should read that again. Simply in a word. I always turn down my radio when they're on, but why not get rid of them all together and join the show? That's what it says. It's like you're a disgusting, rotest foul mouth douchebag. Have a nice day. That kind of thing. 20 to 11 on 610 WOD. Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, great. You're doing something to left waxing. Oh, I'm doing okay. How you doing? It's pretty good. I heard your outthing's gone. I heard your outthing gone. I've got to get a question. You ever get fired? Because I've been fired all the time. I keep getting fired all the time. Yeah, I know. And they keep paying me a hell of a lot of money. You do it too. Yeah. Well, I just had one question for you. What's that? I'm not thinking back into the Kennedy business. What? But now there's big who are about they released the name of the alleged victim? Yes, sir. Well, you know, I think maybe that's only right because poor Patrick Kennedy Smith, if it turns out that he really wasn't doing what this young lady. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Patrick Kennedy Smith. Oh, man. Let me ask you a question. How can his name be? I want you to stop and think about this. He's Ted Kennedy's nephew, all right? How can his name be William Kennedy Smith? Well, I don't know. Well, you know, I guess it's when you're related to him that you kind of get that in anyway. Well, seriously, how can a guy's name be William Kennedy Smith? Well, like I said, you know, they want to make sure they get everything. Yeah, but, at least. I mean, you stop and think about that. What did you do? Mary Howard case, Smith or something? What is that all about? Maybe, you know, the Kennedy's a pretty liberal. Maybe they decided to be real masculine. Share their last name. Is that it? I don't like, you know, I think. But their first child should be a masculine child. Right. Right. Well, let's call him look abratzi and see what he does about it. Yeah. Okay. He sleeps with a fishes. A 1041 along with a what's your name? Mary Joe, Copecney. 1041 on 610 WIOD. We have an open line and a Broward. A 24 and one in Palm Beach, 655-9463, 655, We're a bunch of lawyers up here and we're proud of it. We're looking out the window right now to see who's being naughty and nice and who's doing what to whom? Because that basically is what Palm Beach County is all about. But a nozy voyeuristic slime balls. They kind of like the trend setters for the whole world. Running to anybody, late leaves had that little hair hanging out of the back of their head. Oh, man, I'm more I think about it. The more it just physically is a turn off. Not just cosmetically, but like turns your stomach. Four Loderdale. Hey Neil. Almost as bad as watching Channel 10 News. Yes. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay Russell, is this Russell Shemuka? No, it's not. I'm sorry. I'm a Christian. Yeah. I just want to tell you that I think the thing is that you're unhappy. You know why? I can't imagine why sir. But I'm sure you'll probably tell me. What is it? I can't imagine why sir. But I'm sure you'll probably tell me. What is it? I keep winding. Yeah. You're not me. Sir, where did you get that gravelly voice? I'm just saying all these years. From singing? Yeah. From a sink in? Thinking. Okay. I need to be a singer back in 4D. You used to have a finger back in Vaudeville? I'm here back in 4D. Well, sounds like you're sitting on it. Okay, 1042 on 610 WIOD. We have an open line in date, 751, one in Broward, 524. And of course, what in Palm Beach, where they're all busy looking out the window to see who Teddy is driving home now, 655, 9463. Oh, here's our favorite college. Oh, you know. Oh, did anyone see the miracle game on Saturday? Oh, I don't know. I'm sure somebody did. Man, that gravelly on kind of an old gravelly is doing the playback play. Oh, yeah. I'm somebody by Randy and Gilbert. I beg your pardon. Yeah, he was accompanied by Randy and Gilbert. Randy and Gilbert. Randy Martin and Gilbert were on doing a game with Greg. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh, and Gilbert called it. He called it. The play in the bottom of the third inning. Sounds like a real professional operation to me. He was invited back. Yeah, I'll bet. From what I understand he was just chased while I was just going on. What's he on there? They're based. Wow. Your Jewish? It's a pop cat play. Oh, no. There's definitely going to have enough problems. First of all, because years to go for my orlansky, and now we've got to work on you. So what's your story today? What do you so unhappy about? Not. Oh, some little depressed compared to your usual calls. No. I'm going to be okay today. Sure. What are you doing? I think it's fine. Oh, yeah. You know him too well, but. Birds of a feather rub it together. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, hold on a second. We'll be doing opportunity. I have another little sip of that stuff. 1044 on 16 WIOD. That's Henry Barrow Jr. On the phone from Kendall. Tabernier? Hello. Hello. Are you in Tabernier? Yes. Well, how come when I said Tabernier? There was like this. We don't like have a board full of people calling from Tabernier. Didn't you assume that was probably you? Uh, uh. Yeah. A board full of people? Yeah. Is there a lecture crowd? What are you like related to this last broad that we just did the dinghy lady? Of course not. Okay. What can we do for you? Bam, sir or whatever? No. I'm not related. I'm front and nail. Okay. What can we do for you today? I'd like to talk to Neil. About. About? Mm-hmm. Well. He's an old boy for him to borrow. Really? Yeah. I doubt he's so much too much for him. 1045 at WIOD. We have two upper lines in Dave County. 751, swish 751. 9463. Here's a lady mobile in Boca. Hi Neil. Hi. Hi. I love you so. Well, me too. Good. This is all the first time called. It means to an end. Huh? It's a means to an end. Really? Well, I said I'm the first time called it. So take it easy on me. Okay. Well, listen, you got a couple of tough acts to follow. I'll tell you that. I know. Well, I only have a few minutes because I'm late for a class. But can you play a song for me? I mean, this is your first time you ever called and you're going to make a request? Yes. Can I do that? Come on. What do you think I'm request? Oh, oh. Go ahead. Okay. You know that song. Want me to sing it? Could you believe that Steve McLean was doing? Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Did you think Steve McLean was Jewish, finally? I think he was now. You think he's won? My boyfriend's in the car with me and he's a big deal fan. Yeah. Um, so I think Frank's not sure was Jewish. Well, you probably have to answer Nancy Reagan. She probably knows for sure. So could you play a for me? Sure. No problem. I'll tell your boyfriend he's a pain in the ass. Okay. You're a pain in the ass. See ya. Bye. Wow. Mm-hmm. I've had a lot of thrills in my life. Three kids are gorgeous white. Such looks. I'm thrilled about my car or the air. My sister Sarah and John O'Harris books. But the thrill of thrills that gave my heart a cloud. Was the thrilling night when I thrillingly found out? The McLean is Jewish, would you believe it? It's just like you and I. Couldn't you almost die? And Harry grants his Jewish, could you conceive it? Such a living doll in a prayer shop. Maldon Brando's Jewish, had a bride and rich at hunting. Not to mention that lovely couple, Harry and Bella hunting. Ranks and not rejoice for you believe it? Sean Cuddery and Lyndon Johnson too. As a matter of fact, the whole Jewish since I fell in love with you. With you rosy McLean, I could have called you. With you. Michael, let's use Jewish, would you believe it? Joe Girardi, Andre Dawson too. Dr. Santos Jewish, could you conceive it? Louis Salazar's a Jew. Ranks and bricks Jewish, wouldn't you know it? Jerome Walton, Harry, carry too. As a matter of fact, all the Chicago cups are Jewish. Since I fell in love with you, actor Villain O'Way. I fell in love with you. Henry, come on! Henry, come on! Henry, come on! Henry, come on! Johnson! Henry, come on! Henry, come on! Henry, come on! Henry, come on! If you love for a seafood, it's great to sing. No problem. Well, there you go. This is the show. You want it. You'll get it. And even if you don't want it, you'll get it. 132-12, whatever. We have an open line in the center square. At 524-WIOD, here he comes with his little puny salad from sunny. Who has the longest copy I've ever seen by the way, but a cheap skate like that. You've got to give him about a six minute stop to spot, stop to keep him happy. That's right. So, the way I like it. Not here. Back at you. Yeah. I think you came up with the name. For what? Packed attendance. For the topless car wash. Or for the topless anything. Or stacked attendance. You said it a little while ago. And I thought that would be the name. No, I did not. You said packed attendance. No, I did not. But you know I did not. Topless biology teacher. I beg your pardon. You did. And you said you would have packed attendance every day. And I thought that's the name. For the people that work there. I was there this morning. It doesn't fit. That's what I heard. You were there. Well, exactly. That's why they're there this morning. You're back. Right after you talked to him. Was it a mob scene? No. Nobody there? They have one girl. Wow. Well, I told you I go there. I have the guy. Do you need to. He's got a brillopad. That's the worst part. Yeah. Notice you do a good job. How about on the car? Yeah. How about on the car? Yeah. They do a great job. He does a great job for 10 bucks. I mean, he goes around the car. It looks as good as when Jay doesn't. Jay does a great job. What do you mean he goes around the car? I guess the guy. I'm not, you know. Well, then what the hell did you go there for? You can go to any any car. Why? Because my car. You watch is your car right here. But I'm not here on. And what's his name is here tomorrow? Spencer. Whatever. That's why you got to watch today. Oh. Yeah, here that's Spencer. That's where I was. That's where I was. That's the guy with all the schmutzie here on his face. That's Rick Riley Spencer beat him up. He's a good little stronger too, by the way. He's probably a good guy. Good for him. I'm glad. Yeah, he's strong every day. So we're eligible now. So it tells me we're eligible for the, the big Cox plan. Were they, oh, I know nothing about that. I'm not an employee here. Oh, that's right. You're your own thing. My independent contract. Please inform you of your eligibility. At this time to roll in the Cox savings investment plan. I get no benefits. They match every dollar you invest with 25 cents. Yeah. Waxi matched every dollar with a dollar. Well, they didn't people figure people last like more than two paychecks. So it looked good on paper. Well, part of this thing. I will start the pitching about the benefits yet. It has very envelope hasn't even completely been out open yet. He's already right. Really? That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Because the next golden rules that come down the pike. I love that car. Quite the way down. Well, the golden rule. That's the one. That's the one. That's the only one I want to play. Now, there's, look at, you've got, We're going, we've got a larger. We've got a larger. Scavenger. No, you're not. Oh, yeah. We are. We are. All right. Those cards for the next five years. I could never make up for the skull. Doug, we, that's going on. Skull. Doug, are you? First of all, a sound effects rack. Which you seem to have no problem with by the road here. I'm, you're on Brella. There he is. I'm Brella. And we'll stay out of my umbrella. That's what the memo said. The golden rules. No, I'm not. I'm fine. I don't like Hank. We're going to all of people from Channel 4 and abusing our airwaves. It's, it's like a kind of a channel for an emotional thing. Tom Randall's and Theresa Rodriguez again, more channel for anchors. I mean, it's, you know, I don't want to repent. We're going to have that big roundtable with us on Channel 4 then, right? Yeah, right. The only thing we ever get on Channel 4 is Bob Weaver, who's not about three o'clock in the morning says, you know, Neil raised for the Camille sounds so much. Yeah. That's about it. Well, nothing. We're going to be looking for a musuz and look my way thing over there. And Hank is just to be her shamelessly, shamelessly promoting Channel 4, pumping up his own little thief them, fight them. I love the guy who called. He was your best caller in months. You're a Hank and Julius today. I was on the way to the track. I almost drove off the road. He had me peeing in my pants. Which one I got to the track. They kind of looked, but somebody wanted to know who peed your cornflakes. And his matter of fact, when I left the track less than I had no pants or shirts with him. They're making a difference. My money to get to fall. I was like, man, that place, I'm telling you that. I see I wasn't going to go with, yes, I did took your. Thank you. Fan rich is such a yenta. I picked some horses last night that paid good prices. And old porcupine had the racing secretary. He's not a bad guy for old Canadian fart. He comes by and, you know, fine, talk with him for a few minutes. I give him a tape of a big race that I take form. Get him the hell out of there and go on. I don't need all this help. But one thing which is still hasn't learned after all these months. All the so called information will give you a bunch of crap. Never comes in. I've been going for 32 years. Okay. So I know what's going on. I know what's going on. I picked some good. I'm a good handicap or lousy better. The worst, but a good handicap. I picked a horse that paid $43 and ever better dime on the race. I picked another one and paid like about 36 or 37. An engineer with Viral Bowman paid almost 40 bucks. Never bet that because Mr. Pup porcupine had was telling us this other horse that the eighth race was a mortal cinch with Ronnie Wapel. He sleeps I think with Ron Wapel's racing secretary. He was nowhere and I wound up screwing up my whole double bed. He didn't bet the seven. And then in the tenth race, I think it was. I loved the seven horse. Loved him. And again, we get talked in a wapel's. He can't lose but by the race starts. Wapels with the tourists goes up any air makes a break. They bebees jumping his falling down and naturally the seven one and the seven one perfect to pay nice and rich is like, oh well, you know, he's going through page by page. Like there's somebody in that place who's going to tell us the winner of every race. He still can't learn. Then just a slap me in the face. He hits the last super effective for about like 50 bucks and breaks even on the night. While I'm plunging my brains out just like slap me in the face. But did you have a good time? Yeah, okay. It's 137 at WIOD. Are you over your head with credit card and hospital bills? Are you plunging your brains at the track? Losing every dime you make? Our bill collector's calling you at home and work. Well, did you know you can't stop them, Marvin? From calling you legally. Having fun and not, not, not, not. 140 watt. Rick Riley just in here and shared with me one of the most ugly memos I've seen in a long time. But I don't want to interfere in that. Anyway. Well, listen, the fact that we have incompetent people sitting in that, what do they call programming like production? Whatever that office is, where they sit in there picking their nose and trying their suspenders all day. That's not our fault. Okay. There are a lot of people doing stuff and have a guest on and they're never on this sheet. I make a joke out of the sheet every day because there's nothing on it. Sheet is the word for this thing. I don't like it. There's almost never anything next to their name. And then all of a sudden I'll be driving home and they'll say, oh, we got so on. So coming on day and I wonder, how come I didn't know it so I could promote it? And the reason because it's not on a stupid sheet and it's same like with sports talk. Nine out of ten times. There's nothing on it. I can recall several times in the past few months when they've had some big name guests on sports talk. But you won't find it on the sheet so we can't promote it. And the same with Hank tonight. Now maybe the reason they didn't put Tom Randall's and Theresa Rodriguez on where Hank could just blank. Maybe the reason they didn't put it on there's because they're embarrassed that he's shamelessly pouring our station for Channel 4. Now that's a good excuse but I don't think it's valid. I think the real reason they didn't put it on there is because they were incompetent. Slip shot and they sit in there patting each other on a back. I bet you that plastic man winds up in programming pretty soon because he's a great back slipper. He's a knee slipper and a back slipper. Yeah. And a big ball of gas or whatever. Competo. Competo? Yes sir. It. Man. Hello. First time calling. Yeah. And close and I like to call my brother, heard. Okay. Here's a lady in Del Rey Beach. Hello. Hi. Hi. How are you? I called to tell you about Jean Kennedy Smith but somebody from Fort Rotterdam. Oh, I see I don't buy that. That's that is so speaking of plastic. It just doesn't, doesn't fly with me. It's the truth. It's the truth. No, I'm not saying I don't believe it but I just I don't buy into that. I think it's fake. Erasats. Well, you know, some people are kind of weird about their blast names and want to carry them on. Yeah. Well, I can understand them carrying them on but try to pass it on to their children. Like, you know, like somehow it's going to rub off by osmosis. They're going to make him a Kennedy. Well, obviously it worked. And you know what happens to the Kennedy's and Palm Beach. Yeah. But the trouble. It worked. Like I said, I think it's a good idea. Well, anyway, Neil, I'd like to just close and I know you don't take requests. But I just would like to say this so somebody could hear it. If you could just dedicate the asshole song to jewelry. Have a great day. Thanks, Neil. Bye-bye. See you. Now, what does she mean by that? Oh, I see. Okay. I got it. I'm a little slow today. It's already 144 in my head is swimming from all the internal news in the building about the coast and the variety of other things which we all not elaborate on here. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. I heard somebody while back tell you about the motor oil for the dog. Yes, sir. That's a burnt motor oil. You. Come on. Yeah, we've got a besingy. Well, let me ask you this. How about if you just took like unused fresh from the can, poured it on there and then just lit it up? That's our word. Yeah. No more skin problem. Right. Well, I took him to the vet and he gave him the cord of his shot. Trying to dark steal him a snap all by the way. He gave him a cord of his own shot and then what? And he's great. And I've heard other people say, it's not good for the dog, but hey, please the dog lives. Well, not just that, but I mean, he isn't scratching at all. He went from just driving. Right. I want you to understand that some people, you know, overreacting. This is thank goodness. It's not one of those dogs that's scratching himself. Raw. I mean, you know, you've seen something that got no hair. Right. But it's annoying. And he just does it constantly. All the time, inviting and chewing and scratching and just, and since he got that shot, man, he is just as calm and happy and running around and healthy and great. Same thing with my dog. The only problem is they'll the vet said he's 10 pounds over where he is. Yeah. And you're a go he weighed 86 pounds. Now he weighs 96 pounds. Golden retriever, 96. So he's not a doggy diet. Wow. He's on doggy system. All right. One other thing. Yeah. My brother, James Terry. Good rider, by the way. Okay. I don't want to shut up. Let's get a couple of wins under his belt here. Okay. All right. See ya. And closing. Yeah. I want to call my buddy Mike Paul and major douchebag. Okay, sir. All right. Good day. Jim Terry. Good day. Jim Terry. Good day. Good day. Jim Terry had the horse in the second race. I had twice paid. Why? About the motor route. But you know, when you stop with a motor route, he's selling stuff here. I think. And the motor route too. Four lauderdale. Hello Neil, first time call. Yes, sir. Just like to say, when was he stroke? Well, what was his stroke? When was his stroke? When did we lower a year ago? What month? What month? Why are you writing a biography? On authorised biography? Now, the show has been so boring since you had to stroke. But you know, something you have a missed at once. And judging it away, you sound, sir. I think you'd feel right into the ambiance of it. Closed you, cuces, this is so boring. Sounds to me, sir. Like you're repeating what others have said. Okay, like a little automaton, as they say. Was that Greg? Well, he starts. He does sound like this, by the way. Exactly. Sound like Greg and the bridge guy together. Here's a mobile in Hihalea. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Boy, oh boy. Boy, they come on at 205, kiddies. Come on now. Try to control yourself. Keep it in your pants. Miami. Okay. Let's go for four in a row. North Lauderdale. Feeling like a picture for it. A pig report? A picture for it. At this time of the day? I'm sure it's a unbelievable. Yeah. Three. No. Okay, we can go for five in a row. That's all out of a set out of nowhere. Out of nowhere. Stored. Stored. That's five. Let's go for six. On six, 10. W, let's go for six hundred, 10 in a row. Here's George can't even keep up with these. Miami. Hey. Yeah. How you doing? Oh, nuts. I got a name for our new team. Oh, wait a minute. There's hope yet. Not the baseball team. Our new roller derby team. There we go. The Miami Boulder Dash. And I'm going to put that car wash guy at a business. Yeah. I'm going to have one of those 10 minute all change in loop places called loops and boobs. Yeah. Or you could just call it loop this. Include that. Absolutely closing. Okay. Not bad. That's what? Seven in a row now. Okay. 148 at 610 Wiod or hysteria station for the 90s, where we just have it a a pot full of fun today. And poppin' on hardest is now in its final two weeks of their meeting. He's through. I think that guy had a point. 152 at Wiod. Stuart. Why do you keep putting Stuart back on her? It's not going to be anybody there. Why do you do that? It says three, doesn't it? And I punch up three and he's not there this time. It wasn't there last time. I think George is having like a little problem, little mental problem. For a lot of deal. How you doing? Okay. I should just hang up and keep this going. No, let's take a rest. Got a rest before him. A rest of people what? Wait a minute. Wait now I think. Oh no. It never goes to the movies and have popcorn with raisin' at the net. Popcorn with raisin' at snow. It's great. Sounds interesting. What the chocolate and the salt and the mix all up in it? Yeah. Well you don't have to mix them up together. You just need them like one after the other. It'll kind of come out that way. Yeah. But it's just convenient. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah. Got to hear something. You have to hear something? Yeah. How about goodbye? Oh. That's better here, perpendicular. There's, let me tell you this. There are three chances you're going to hear a burp enders today. Okay. It's seven minutes till two. I've got a full board of calls. Most of them are probably nuts. And you want to hear burp enders. All right. I'll tell you what. Because I don't like to insult, you know. It's spite of the general rumor and all that crap. I heard it. Where's, um. Look at that. Boy, you talk about killing me into the show and killing all the rest of the time. Look, if you're going to put back stolen carts, at least put them back where they belong. Did he take that one out? Oh my god. I can't believe it. Where is it? It's gone. It's missing. Maybe it's all I put it. Look at that. I'm putting their carts over my stuff now. See, I told you I had one slot that was missing. Okay. That's, sure that's the best we can do for you. Okay. Let's go to a fourth order deal. Hello. Hello. Miami. Neo. Yeah. How you doing? It's Albert. It's Albert. From public. Oh, how you doing Albert? I haven't called you and haven't seen you since Gulf Stream. Well, isn't that exciting, Albert? You gave me a winner. Thank you. Yeah. And you did, how did you do that day? How did I do? Yeah. I did okay. That's great. Yeah. Can't wait. Oh, man. I'm getting all this stuff fucking fused here. I've got a slot that's missing from Ricken Sudge now. Boy. Can I ask a favor? What? I'm going to watch no nothing. What is it? Okay. I'm going to wait until the end of the program and can I speak to you? I have a brought you a person from Chicago. Can you speak to me at the end of the program? We have to go to Mommy's today. Albert, I don't have time to sit and daughter around here with the pain in the ass. Listeners. Okay. Well, what do you mean? You brought what? I can't take off the phone. Why is that? Because I'll tell you then tomorrow or sometime. What? Well, what are you going to tell me? All right, hold on a minute. I want to line as a douchebag. Hold on a second. Thank you. All right. What the hell would that be? All right, here. Okay, Albert, we're off of here. What is it? Sometime. Hurry up. Hurry up. I'm on the air, Albert. You're not on the air. I want you to tell me in the air. I've got to go here, Albert. Get with it. No, I don't like Nintendo. I can't stand Nintendo. I think it's a dumbest pile of crap. And if Ricken said they were talking about it again, I'm going to beat them over the head of the spike. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like it, Albert. I don't want Nintendo. I don't want the game. I don't want the things that I want to hear about it. I hate it. Is that okay? And so do you. So you're trying to pawn it off on me. Have a great day, Albert. See ya. Well, I think I've got that straightened up. One minute. I just, you know, after... Go on, history. He's going to be coming over to Sports Talk. I don't think so. He's too sports intensive for us, sir. Yeah. Well. Any guy named Schmock shouldn't be on here anyway. We're going to reach that. What's going on with this? How do I slide pad? You have nothing to say. Let's go to Boynton Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Who are you following for in the, any tell? Pull this. Let's go to a Margie. Hello. What's in the tell? Okay. Hey, this is more like it now, right? We can get about 100 calls in between now and 158. Miami. Hey, Neil. Let me catch off my speaker for a week a minute. Is it unbelievable that I got? You're worth an average. You're worth an average. What do you want? Oh, what? What? Well, I guess you got us out to speak or phone all right. Good job, pal. Miami. When is this? Georgia, Engel. Who? Georgia, Engel. Good night. Good night. Head nice wife on the, uh, never heard of her. Well, what was her name? Georgia, Engel. I'm sorry. What about her? She went on the Hollywood Square. Never heard of that person. Did you ever hear it? Did anybody, nobody in building ever heard of it? We think you're making it up. Oh, come on. Never heard of it. Let's go. Let's go. Okay. See. Pop it. Hello. Neil. I'm like free to sit. Boy, oh boy. These people are just getting ready for 205. Okay. This is the warm up round. They're just getting ready for the big 205 to 237. And old man, am I any beach? Hello. Yes? Yep. Hello. Hello. Yes? Neil. Yes. I want to thank you for some treats. Yes? It is something. No, no, no. That means, yeah. That means, though, I don't have to thank you for it now. Well, you better do it fast. I don't hear. Because we're all running out of time. And it sounds like you're more so than me. I'll tell you what happened. Then he is the girl where you are on another stage. By the way, Stephanie Brownfield's doing the top list to a clock Wiod News. It is going to be shocking. What's up? Go ahead. Quickly. Quickly. Can I tell you what you did? I'm listening. What? Do it. Do it. Say it. Oh. You gave us a recipe of the air. Oh. Thank you. And I've been doing this ever since I just have a plate sold out. I have a call you tell you how crazy it is. You had a plate full of frozen grapes? You called me. You called me. There they go. Okay. Good luck to you, sir. Man, whatever that was. Wow. Got to eat those things very slowly. Otherwise, they have to snap it a sneak in our real fast when you least expect it. Here's a mobile on the pike. Well, Nick. Yes, sir. Yeah, this is Tony. I'm in the turn bike. I have Tony. You're in the turn bike? Okay. I just went on the turn bike. I just went on the turn bike. I just went on the turn bike. You're disgusting and you're a douchebag. Thank you, Tony. Okay. Let's go to Palm Beach. Hello. Oh, man. Yeah. Yeah. I just want to thank everybody in your cell. The Parbo needs a good tongue scrape in our shoulders. There you go. Yeah. I want to call Mike Disney at douchebag. How about a strawberry fudge animal would be? Yeah. And Mike doesn't hear it to his back. Okay. Well, I got to tell you the last of the ten and twelve minutes here. We're certainly the highlight of my young life. Anyway, Rick and Spud, who are getting sick and tired of the programming department, mess it up this sheet here. Okay. They're just not taking anymore of this crap. And they're going to straighten it out today. They're laying down some rules of their own. Because they're sick and tired of taking a bunch of cram. From a pile of known nothing, slime ball suspended idiots. Okay. And I don't blame them. And boy, we'll be the first ones online. Way behind and do a wave goodbye. Joseph Gackie and Sunny Hershons, sports talk tonight as we continue to do the post-analyzaian of the mock draft as we build up toward this Sunday's gigantic incredible NFL draft show. It's going to be Stupendus. And then Hank Goldberg and I, who of course, we've got millions and millions of real interesting people out there for a nighttime show. Lots of doctors and lawyers and nutritionists and all those holistic healers. But Hank and course works at Channel 4 so we continue filling for Channel 4 Tom Randall's Teresa Roderott. What's your name tonight? So anyway, I guess Sunny's getting even with me because I was kidnapped at the day about something but it's ugly here or whatever. And today he gives me the raspberries. Yeah. Oh, really? These are beautiful. Man. Where the hell do they get raspberries at this time of the year? Well, like I said, he gets it from all over the world and their fruit too. Hmm. Boy, I love raspberries. Don't you? They're great. And also we got to subway sandwiches coming but a while too. So that's just kind of space ourselves up. And if Laura is interested, look at that banana. Hmm. Man, is that a beautiful water what? I haven't seen anything like that in a couple of days. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, I see. Better with juice berries than the go berries. Yeah. So, Neil. Yeah. I want to tell you, your show has gotten really good recently. I like the way you really draw it. It's gotten really good lately like it used to be crap with the other thing. I think before the war, you're a little afraid on the area. I didn't think you had your confidence. Now you're just doing your real thing. I was afraid of what? I thought that you know, I don't know. You didn't seem to be surprised. Yeah. You know, I always love it. People like you analyze this program. It just, it just does wonders for me. I was afraid on the area. I was tentative. I think that maybe like the program director didn't want you to do certain things. Let me say this to the director. The program director has no involvement in the show. Okay. Get that straight up front. I think that's what you want us to think. Oh, I know. You're right now. Let me read again, sir. The program director has no involvement in the show. Thank God. You're on zero. But anyway, you know, about a year ago, the show is a little weak. It wasn't as strong a man that you're doing more, you know, talking. Yeah. Call it. How many cards the show is a much stronger. You don't want to hear so many cards? No, we don't do it though. Right now, language lab. The show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds. Today's lesson Greek. Listen one. Strawberry pie. Strawberry pie. Listen two. Apple pie. Apple pie. Let's do three. Pumpkin pie. Pumpkin pie. Pumpkin pie. Customer. What kind of pie do you have? Answer. Apple pie. Still on berry and punky. Language lab is a public service. I mean, I'll be copied or I'll try it for you, sir. Thank you. Boys, it's good today. Thank you, Sonic. Extra good. It's really even better when you don't show up. 1142. I just love when those people call in the start to tell us what to do on a year. Okay. We have an open line in the center square. 5, 2, 4 that's ringing now. And guess where the only line on the board. Res I look at it right this moment. Guess where it is. How many guesses do you need? 8. How about Palm Beach? So you see, Ron Hayes, you were hell of a guy. I'm sure that the sister is paid you a lot to write that article up there. We probably needed it. I can't heard at this point because we're like a big zero in Palm Beach. Palm Beach line. Hello. Line checker. Same. It's probably father. He's sitting in that studio out there in a conference room with a phone. With his little Sony walkman listening before he goes on a year. Let's see if he's really got any calls in Palm Beach. There probably is nothing more insecure than people in the business. And it's always people in the business. There he is again. Come on, please stay on there for a second. The line checking line. Hello. See what I mean? They're nothing worse and more insecure than people who call other people's talk shows to see of all the lines are lit. Now you don't have to do that here. Because I tell you, I'm not like some of these BS artists who say, oh, we got 400 lines all filled up. We just have one open line to be called right now. If you're really rush, that kind of crap because they're full of baloney. Palm Beach line. Lee, speak to us, Lee. Come on, you can do it. Okay, let's go to a lady in Hal, whoops. The wrong one. Helen Dale. Hi. Hi, this is Neil. Yes, man. Okay, this is Elnaur from, no, it's not what I'm going to call it. Don't even know where I'm at. My boss loves to hear you sing an asshole song. I hate keeps calling. He loves to hear me sing it. He said you played on your radio. Mm-hmm. And I've never heard it. He keeps saying this was such a song. And I thought that's not true. Oh, yes, Elnaur. You've never heard this show before? No, I haven't. And we're in Hal and they're constantly. Well, I bet your sunny Rosenberg probably told you not to listen, didn't they? Who's funny Rosenberg? I'm a newcomer to Florida saying, well listen, listen, you'll get to lay the land pretty soon, Elnaur. I will. Are you going to play that song? Well, I mean, you just called up in desperation or narrowly. We don't take requests, but since we're just. Please, because he's driving me crazy. You can say that the wonderful song. Well, did he put you up to this call? Yes. Oh, yes. Yes. I said that you're true. And I didn't know that's not true. Did he like do sexual harassment to you to get you to call her? How did you know? How did you know? Yeah, you're just hoping. He's a one? A deviate? A sex deviate? Well, that's what we like on his show. Do you really? Yes, man. Well, listen, if you put your instrument down right now, go back to the radio and listen, we got a real great thing for you. I'm going to do it. We're going to do it right now, baby. We wouldn't do it for anybody else. Thank you, Neil. And a great life. Okay. Did you say he wrote the burger? Big cast, right cast. Kiss. Right out of sing. Okay. There's an old two days in a row. It gets busted. What do you get busted for stealing the 86 baseball, top to baseball cards? Some crap like that. So we don't have any eight isn't up music. That's from the soundtrack by Jeff Strik, or eight isn't up. So we play a Brady bunch instead. I'm telling you, that's infectious. Once you start playing this card. Hey, my time. Can't stop stealing their cards once you start doing it. Miami. You know, I think he needs to butt load brooder. This sounds like somebody we know is. No, it's not. I don't just didn't he sound just like you know who? Wait, hold on one second. I only call it. I call you one. It's like Woody. Now this is Randy, the Coca-Cola man. Okay. You sound just like Woody Randy. Well, I will thank you. No, it's a knock. No, let me tell you something. Oh, yeah, please. The reason why I am calling no. Wait a minute. Go get so hyper. I got a half of the beautiful turkey and bacon deluxe sub from subway in here. Somebody the first person who comes in here gets it. It's yours in a building. I'll be there. No, not you. Oh, it. It listened. I've been working two months for this on this project. Okay. And I've searched every record album in every tape. Okay. And I found the ultimate scene song for your new show. Yeah. I swear you're going to get a kick from my new show. Well, the old show, but new scene. I see. And I want you to hear. I don't know how to get it to you somehow. And the song too. What do we got to do to get this to you? Because you're going to love it. Why don't you probably like put it in a non-phillopusoductor set? It's yeah, it's on cassette. Wow. Well, why don't you put it in an envelope like on a front-put the name of the station and my name and you dress in the white stamp a couple of stamps on it. But in the mail. Maybe you'll get it. Isn't it amazing? But you got to check it out. I'll pick it out. Okay. Let's go to play it. I'll give you a hint. Okay. It's by a black group from the 70s. Yeah. A black group called Parliament. Parliament. I want to testify. The Parliament. Well, listen to it. They're sort of like a kiss. Is it the Parliament? No, it's Parliament. And they dress just like kiss. Kind of weird. No. No. I like the Parliament. And I want to testify. That was one of my all-time favorite records. I wonder if Johnny Dark is got that or anybody we know. I want to testify. Got to have that by the Parliament. Great. But not a better. Which wean has got that. This is a black group who thinks there's trying to be like kiss. Yeah. Back in the mid 70s. So kind of like a black kiss. The name of the song is tear the roof off the sucker. Yeah. With that with an S. Can you keep that on the radio? Yes. Okay. It's called tear the roof off the mother sucker. And you're going to lock them. How come the name of it keeps expanding here? Um, because that's what it says. It's the real title is. No, I don't want to hear any more. I mean, you're just like, let me hold away the back. No, no, no. Don't sing. It sent me the thing. Send it to me. I'll send you my thing in the envelope. Okay. Okay, sir. And I'm not. Well, Woody, whatever. We are Randy. Wow. Woo. Woo. This sandwich for there. You notice how when the subway comes after I've picked out on the salad. I usually cut just a little piece off. Well, I have to confess that I'm well on a way to finishing half of this. And if somebody else doesn't come in here, and it's going to make me very sick if I eat the whole thing. You know that. There's a half of a subway sub sitting here waiting to be eaten. Turkey and bacon deluxe. And it is extra good today, too. It is sensational. Speaking of food, which we do just on a vacation on the show. If you love fresh seafood, but you just can't afford the high baggage that goes along with those prices. Can we? The seafood place just put seafood back in your budget for just about everybody, even Marvin. Uh, and can we? You can get a complete fresh seafood dinner, including salad and vegetable for under ten dollars any day of the week. Finally, somebody came along and made fresh seafood affordable. If you love oysters, if you just, if it does something sensual, just sliding those babies down your throat, every Monday and Tuesday can get a dozen oysters for a buck. If you love lobster, one pound main lobster dinner only, seven, I do not have canny seafood place. Ah! It's all right. Okay. Have you ever seen Nick Navarro and Sunny from the market together by the way exactly the same here? I think they pass it. Oh, seriously, I think they pass it back and forth. I don't think there are no two people in the world can have that here. Well, I don't know. I, I, I, I, I, I, I just noticed it, it is kind of similar. It's shocking. Well, we'll have some have a good life, you know. Okay. Well, listen, you're obviously a guy who's interested in body parts and we'll have a Lane send you a few in the mail, okay? I thank you. How do you go? So, by 1218 at WIOD, we have an open line of day. The calls are picking up to a frenzy pace now. I think just now that I'm starting to slow down after reading the, the raspberries were sensational. Oh, do I love? Love. As in the love boat raspberries. See, you get started. Am I the only one that does that? I think everybody does that's like certain words. You will say them. If you say them enough times, they sound ridiculous. I can't think of one right now, but there's some words of you. You keep saying them over and over again. It's just, it's like they're can't be such a word. It's ridiculous. And it's the same with the certain expression. The love boat. Now I'm going to start saying that all the time because I show that the voice. I mean, the show is bad enough, but the voice. What was his name? Somebody calling me yesterday and told you with your mouth just, the food is just pouring out of his mouth. He's got his got sandwich and salad and stuff just, mungering out of his mouth and they're Georgia, a pig. Gross. 1219 at WIOD. So somebody should, if you call this show between now and two and somebody answers the phone. Don't you roll or do? Like that. Sound like they got a mouth full of whatever Ross Morton has in his mouth. You'll know it's George. Homestead. Hey. Yes, sir. I just wanted to call, tell you that it is a public service you pull with them whole bags, pits in the mall. Yeah. That's about all I really had to say, man. Well, not well. Yeah, later. Back at you. 1219. You know the best calling that just struck me. Was that woman from Alabama? That's the best call we've had in months. She was all right. We're just all over here. I get the big kick, you know? Out of this. Getting the kick in our pants. There's an open line in the center square. 5249463. 524WIOD. Harry Heat is on the phone. Harry? Harry Heat's gone? Well, screw you, Harry. It's boring. We're not interested in NBA basketball. We're interested in the ball. We have two open lines in Broward 524WIOD. We have our first peg report of the morning. I can't believe it. There is a major, figure port here. Yeah. Between copins and Atlantic. Yeah. He's got a major speed trap. And I just got caught. Did you? I feel like sharing it with everybody. I don't get caught. That's a pegs are out there. And they are thrupped. And no jam good. On. Believe it. I'm telling you. Much of slime balls. Yeah. What do I do now? Okay. 20 afternoon at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward. We have led him to get out of the system every day. 5249463. 524. What was his routine yesterday? I forget what it was. But it was pretty good. 1221 on 610 WIOD. Where we bend over backward. And we still have got. I got an apple. It's been sitting there for two days. It's probably like mung. But I got a half of a beautiful turkey. I'm going to eat it. Don't do it. Hey, let me say this to you. Screw you. I'm eating it. He's sitting in there with food just pouring out of air. Or if it's in his butt. Don't do it. Don't do it. Do this. Hey, I just saw Marvin walked down. I just came into building. It made me a wonder. Are you over your head with credit card and hospital bills? Our bill collector is calling you at home and work driving. And you know, you can't stop them from calling. Legal. Have a. Well, retirement just wasn't my style. So I began working nightstanders, or janitor, and so we're off the building. Yes. Just to keep busy, I guess. There's a pays gold minimum wage. And you pay. There's the big cheese now. How you doing? Hey, where are you? I do. And you have it a pretty tough night. Yeah. Good night. Good night. You're going to watch it. And watch the game, do you? You have it across the street. Free pizza beer night over there. I don't know if you'd tough day. But I just watched the game with the fellows over at the bar. Oh, yeah. Well, I'm just going to listen to this whole radio here. And tennis, kind of shaking. Look at the big screen color TV over there. It's the best picture of the scene. Yeah, big screen color. Great picture. I heard it is. Well, I'd sure like the reason. When you know, I got all my work done. It's all really used as your all done. Yeah, you suppose maybe I could. Well, let's say what? Maybe I could. I got my BMW and the garage. I got a blue-foot neck radio in there. I could pick up the view and drive me to anything. No, no. I'll give my car keys. Once you clean out my car, I got a wicket key. And the back seat. Yeah, I've got some stuff in there. I'll be putting it up with us. Simonized. I'll be back at about two hours and I'll maybe I'll bring you a piece of pizza. Okay, dad. Well, that was the thing. He's a lot of here. My keys. Who cares? Who cares? Who cares? Who cares? Who cares? You're not going to bring. Well, you're ungrateful. You asked or said you were a worthless. Second son of a. Hell, you can't be my son. Nobody's that ungrateful. You. Weth. I'll take your. I'll stay in BMW and run that mother. I'll try to into that damn living life. You're worthless. Nothing. You have someone's attention. Second goods. Sorry. You're real saying this. Big face. This message brought to you by the National Cursing Foundation. And remember our motto. Go. Your son. Okay. 1226. Did you have a call from Prestige? Just like worth? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hello, Americans. I used to be a chronic. Yeah. A chronic nuthnic. And you probably remember me. I sort of dropped off a little before the war. But I'm back. I got several questions. Let's see how many you let me get to. First that. Okay. Just a joke. Go ahead. I put you on hold for a second. It was just a little joke. Gee, where does I thought my heart stops? Yeah. Then the. Then the. Turn. Run. You have to go with the spaghetti. For me. Do you remember that one? Yeah. Can you get that 40k. Okay. Second question. Uh, you call it the blue screen. Is that. Go ahead. Go ahead. What? Is that you a screen of blue screen? Okay. Third question. Um, I saw the article today. And I think it's a seven and a half. Good. These. Easy to dance to. See you. 12. You know, he reminds me of it kind of a different way. But the same boring. Things he's a real character is like. Altar clock or Sydney that calls Raniri and all man. Who did he call the other? He called up. Um, oh, it's huge. Now I remember it. It was one night last week and I was listening to Hank in the car in the way home from the track. And he calls up and he starts going on about. Bill called her. And I, you know, I hesitate to say this because he's. Because maybe Altar clock or Sydney is listening. I probably should say it because I wouldn't. I mean, Bill was one of my best friends for years and a great guy and all this. And this guy thought that Bill just thought he was a cat's mail. Bill called her. Thought he was the biggest slime ball that ever came down to Pike borrowed money from the Bill one time or for me. One of us at the colder years and years ago. And then wound up sending a like a ticket like a to cash. Like months later after we embarrassed him on the air. And this guy is just the he knows nothing about racing at all. And this is a renewing expert on horse racing that calls in all time and we'll be calling And soon because the Derby's coming up and we carry all three of the Derby. The Freakness and the Belmont's thing which reminds me the Dave Johnson should be calling us So pretty soon right Derby week. That's May 5th right. You don't even know who the hell Dave Johnson is. Well, what the hell do you know George, besides just traveling on a bunch of food down your big stupid getting fatter by the minute face. There's more to life than just eating George. Damn it. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Poor guy is good to there. Hmm. Man. I usually exert a little bit of willpower suppin' in here. But not with the stubway today is the best. Well, the fortune and the McLeod house still in front of the building. The reason I'm filing, ladies and gentlemen, I have a zero size second. Uptown funds, the space and the learning is finally. Moon Rock's thing is to fire outside. They can throw the top of the switch, the McLeod very easily. Uptown funds, six weeks on the outside second, Moon Rock's thing. Who's the switch, the McLeod on the inside? With uptown funds, the sound is electric at three. Uptown funds. Here for a whole lot of mob, Meyer. There he is. Doing it. Who says we talk about horse racing on this show? I want to get everybody in the mood for Clockerson. He's called. Miami. Hello. Find out the anchor. Now that I've met that guy, it's like it's added a whole different. He's more sick than I've ever. What a strange guy. Let's go Miami. Hello. Okay. Nice talking to you too. Two in a row. Miami. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? I want to give you a major juice bag report. Yeah. Yeah. It's that dude Randy from Homestead. Anybody that sent two months of his wife, figure it out of the scene. Seems like he ain't got much to do. Exactly. And can't even figure out how to get it in the mail to get it here. I'll tell you what, throw in that other guy with them. With them. White cracks too. Whoever he was. Yeah. Where was that from? That was from Homestead. You're not full of me, sir. What a bunch of yay who's down in Homestead. Boy. I guess they just tried to fulfill the legacy. Here's a mobile in Miami on their dime. Hey, Neo, how you doing? Okay. Listen, I'm giving you up in Chicago in a couple weeks. I was wondering if he had the cubby home schedule handy. Um, do you know the one day I don't bring my little satchelin, which is out in the car, I don't have it. Satchel page. Mm-hmm. He's in the trunk. Uh, I'd never been up there. Is it ballpark right in the middle of the city or I'm staying downtown, how far away am I? Uh, by cab 20 minutes. By cab 20 minutes. I can't take like a train over there. From downtown? Yeah. Like that loop thing? Is that going around there? I really don't know. Somebody from Chicago, I've never taken that. What's the matter? You can't take the cab? They're going to cab, is this a nap? I guess they have cabs up there. Unlike there are cabs all over. No problem. There are cabs all over the place. You're where you stand, what hotel? At the Marriott. Well, of course, just get a cab out there. They've got a cab standing front all over. Tells get a cab and it'll take you 15, 20 minutes. Where'd you stay when you're up there? We stayed at the, at the, uh, what's your call? The big, uh, the rich Carl. So that's a nice one. Oh, that's one of the most beautiful hotels ever restated. That's, that's, that's a bad room. Been to the rich Carlton in Atlanta? No. You got to, you got to go there. Yeah, I heard that's great. But the one in Chicago, I'm telling you, sensational. Uh, but anyway, uh. I did restaurants up there. I every restaurant is good. You will not get a bad meal in Chicago. You go to scoosies. They're great at Italian restaurant. You can go to, uh, like pizza, ginno, zest, you know, is west. Great. Um, there's a great restaurant right down the, uh, by the Lakeshore Drive. There's called, uh, the palms. The palms. Mm-hmm. The palm. Is it enough your hand? Mm-hmm. Tremendous. I won't touch that. No, it's, I'm telling you, it's tremendous. There are no bad mutting these down. Even a food in Chicago. I mean, at the ballpark is great. There's a great steakhouse across the street from the Ritz Carlton, the name of which I can't think of. We'll have a whole bunch of people calling it makes suggestions for you. Okay, that'll kill a couple of minutes. Terrific. And one final, have you been to that place in Hank, was talking about last night's car wash? It's, it's your, your way behind the time. Sure, we already had our reports today. It is busted if we can say that. It is. Sure, if Nick went in there and busted, he hustled out all over. Um, because he was, he didn't know what it was all about. He was heard about it last night. Hank was in there. He, he was talking about it. I don't know. Well, then there's Hank in the monkey. Too late, Hank. Too late now, baby. Hank was dying to paint the monkey in there. That's nice. Well, when we get it back from GTR, we'll let you know how he's feeling. How did great day, sir? They did. Back back this. Prop 33 at WIOD. We have an open line in date, 751-9463. And speaking of subway. And I'll see that's bad. That is really bad. I shouldn't have eaten my little end of that. And these people, when you, you know, the interesting thing about this building, when you want them to come in and eat, they don't do it. When you got stuff, and I mean, good stuff, sitting here like tons of it. And you go on here and you say, boy, this stuff is going to go to waste. It's going to rot. It's going to get all kinds of mung on it. And they just don't come in. If on the other hand, you have a small amount coming. Remember that day? We had just for us, whatever it was. And all of a sudden, the door, what was it? 20? Oh, yeah, the day that I bought the Chinese from, that what you call it delivered up here, Ian, Evan. And man, it was for Cheryl and George and me, and whatever was left over, depending on how much it was brought. And he hasn't even put the last box down on the table here. And the door opens and all the snores led by, I used to have a big nosey lane to come large in here. Like he was Morrison's on a bad day. So as a result, you've done me a grotesque disservice here in the building. My head is swimming because my blood sugar is about 700 knots. Shouldn't have eaten all that. Bad, but it was delicious. And of course, don't forget to check out that delicious six-inch cold-cut combo it's subway now just a buck 69. The dollar is 69 for some of the juiciest, most collectible six inches you've ever had in your life. And the thing about subway is everything is fresh. They give you a ton of food for a tiny little teeny bit of money. They bake you raw bread daily throughout the day, so it's always as fresh as can be, your choice of white, or whole wheat. And whatever you like, they'll make us up for you, whether it's tuna turkey, the subway club, the VMT, which is loaded with all kinds of great cold cuts, seafood and crab, the steak and cheese, roast beef, meatball, spicy, and Italian ham and cheese, cold, cuccambal, or what we had today. It was great. Did you have a whole one? You sure did, and then some. Just shoveling it down. The turkey breast topped with slices of bacon, it was sensational. And don't forget if you're having like a special get together, or if no one's coming over to visit, you'll learn of those big six-foot party subs at feeds about 20 to 25 people, or if Cheryl's coming by, you'll learn of a three-foot party subs at feeds about 10 to 12. At the subway nearby you and don't forget they're growing like tops either everywhere. There are over 120 locations throughout David and Broward, telling that fat getting feder by the second Neil and George, sent you by the subway. All the white folks hate the black folks, and the black folks hate the white folks, to hate all what the right folks is, and all this established rule, but to read the national brother to eat. Lean a horn and share it with Clark, our dancing chief to chief. Once you realize the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school. All the poor folks hate the rich folks, and the rich folks hate the poor folks. All of my folks hate all your folks, it's American as Apple Pie, but to read. National brother who eats, National brother who eats, New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's Betty Sheet. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand, you can tolerate him if you try. All the Protestants hate the Catholics, and Catholics hate the Protestants, and the Hindus hate the Muslims, and everybody hates the Jews. All the Holy National brothers, National brothers who eat, National everyone smiles. One and another who do eat. Be nice to people who are inferior to you. It's only four o'clock, so have no fear. Be grateful, light, it doesn't last all year. While I'm leaping through this tremendous book that was sent to me this morning, I want to thank whoever mailed us to me, fantastic called the fart book, and I'm reading through it, learning a lot. The French fart said to be the most beautiful of farts, usually in a minor key, soft and musical with many haptones. Any long, drawn out part that seems beautiful to you is most likely a French fart, very rare. Now we come to the German fart. If you hear a fart that makes you think of a dog, it is probably the German fart. It has either a deep growling or low barking noise or both. It comes from deep inside and never seems to get all the way out. Still it can be loud and frightening the small children. The older varies but not much as it is one of the rank ones every time. Wow! So anyway, if you want to hear this thing, it's by every tower publishing company, and it's by a couple of real connoisseurs Donald Wetzel illustrated by Martin Risken. The illustrations are great. You've got to be on TV to see this. There's the inspirational fart, the junk fart, for meeting junk food, the list fart, the loose board fart, etc. For men who's reading, I'm not sure if you'd be a good place to read that too, don't you? Anyway, I'm looking at my box, I'm getting the mail this morning, and stuck in my box. I hesitate to go into this on here because people tend to be very overly sensitive. Here is a picture of Mani, our board up. Now why Mani has selected to put this picture in my box? I have no idea, but over the last, Mani used to be like a groupie, Mani from Kendall. Then all of a sudden he became a board up here at WIOD, just out of nowhere, I guess because he knew Dave Graveline. And now he's like transcended beyond that as most of these people, there's become like a celebrity in his own mind, and recorded the thing with Rick Sanchez and all of that. And he's a great guy, however, for all his period of time since he's been calling the show for some reason, Mani has diluted himself into believing that I desperately want his body, okay? Now Mani, I must say, a nice guy, but on a scale of 42, Mani, I'm just, forget it. 1242, and in addition to what he's got a very attractive, his room or girlfriend, fiance, whatever she is of you, very, very hot, right? What she's doing with him, I have no idea, that's what George said. What George's wife is doing with him, we all wonder too. Probably something pretty interesting, a four-later day, hello. Hello there. Yes sir. Um, have you driving? Yeah, pretty unsafe. Yeah, it is pretty unsafe. Dangerous, dangerous, dangerous. Yeah, cause a mid-half fiberglass. Mani, no. And if you get hit, that thing can crumble like a cookie mani. I know, it's great. Well, that's what Grave just comes from. Somebody can't get hit by anything, it's fantastic. No metal comes, you know, jabbing back into your body. Well, there's crumbles. Maybe metal from the other car is straight shit. That's possible. No. So I think I tend to agree with that. What do you drive? Some little piece of craps, sir, is that it? I drive Mustang. Oh, Mustang. That's not bad. No, thanks. I like that Mustang convertible. Doesn't matter. But I am bothered by these punk kids that get up next to me at the stoplight, figuring out a race and who are they kidding? Why? They're dreaming. Leave them in the dust, you're leaving them in the dust. It's not serious. Okay, whatever you say. You're on, baby. Come on. Okay. You use a manual, right? No, sir. It's automatic, which is the faster vet. No. Yes, sir. You think so? I don't think so. I mean, if you read the thing, those high-falutin rodent track things it is. It's been tested. The automatic the last three years is fast. But it's thick. But the zero one. Well, I mean, what about the zero one? Doesn't, those are the pussy, but the fastest. That's correct. Out there. So you should that step up one of those? Okay. Can you kill quicker? There you go. How about it? Okay. Well, work on it. 1243 at WIO. I'm surprised we have a more comments about that by Angry Vet owners. But like I said, weeks ago when Rick Riley was given us his pseudo-electual Porsche crap as in the Merchant of Venice. Poor Corvette owners. We don't have to be reinforced, so to speak. Maybe the body needs to be reinforced. What the hell am I talking about? Anyway, the story, the wire service story. This is by an insurance industry research group. They said the Corvette is the deadliest automobile on a highway from their statistical research, which they can take and sit on somewhere. And the Volvo 240 station wagon is the safest. I got news for you. My Porsche 928 is the safest car in plantation acres. You want to know why? Because it never leaves the thin driveway. In fact, it's even covered now. I finally covered it after it turned like kind of a burnt orange color. After it's set out there long enough of the painter. Now, if the car's got a good paint job, it should be able to sit out there for months and not have the paint turned orange, right? All these people said, oh, you should put it in the garage. You should do this through that. So now I have the only like orange 928 in plantation acres. Anybody want to buy it? Chief. Here's a mobile in for a lot of mail. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. My name is Fred. I was one of the call and tell Neil about a good restaurant in Broward. What is this like a plug for your place, Fred? Oh, no. I just see it all the time. I know he's a connoisseur food. The name of the place is Shave Porkies. I'd like to exchange in food. And... Are you porkies? Yeah. Well, that's where they filmed that movie, huh? Yeah, right. But it's a North Broward. I'd like to bring him by some wings sometimes. You're one of the business. Yeah. How do you know, right? You like your friend of the owner and he put you up to make it in his car? What's that? You like your friend of the owner and he put you up to make it in his car about that. No, no, no. I'm just a patron there. Yeah, I'm a patron. It's a good restaurant. Yeah. You know that Neil likes good food and... It sure does. So what did you want to do? Well, how can we bring it from wingfield? Can't do it. 1246 in Wild. Look at this. There's Christmas list on Saturday in the 11th race, on the far outside. You know, that can't Williams. I am getting so sick and tired to look at that porky pine here in those stiff horses that he touted a fat rich on. Although it wasn't his fault. It was fat rich his fault. I'm going to stick by that. Absolutely. Nobody to blame but fat rich. He just... just... Bugs to be touted on crap up there. And so help me if he... if he does two things tonight. I'm going to be really upset. It's about time we reform that fat friend of ours, okay? Number one. He don't need to eat. Now, I'm definitely not eating after what I eat here today. I admit I went. I just went nuts. I had the salad and a whole subset, which I haven't been doing. And I desperately have to lose that 85,000 pounds. But I go up there at night and when I go to poverty, what I have is a bowl of soup. Diet soda. And once in a while, I... no, and I usually have like a thing of a sherbet for my dinner. And that's it, no meal. That's it. He sits there and has a whole meal, like 99 times out of 100. 99 times out of 100. Shrimp cocktail, bowl of soup. And of course, always the French onion soup with the thick lobs of cheese, just fatning yourself, right to your gallbladder. And then like a steak or chicken or chicken parmesan, and a food cup, and, you know, ah, things he's too, all just have the fruit cup for dessert. After he said like a 70,000 calorie dinner, no eating tonight. Feed your fat face at home. Have yourself a little bowl of soup and that's it. That's what I'm going to do. Stop picking out. And no touting. Oh, Kelly said this. It is, but I don't care what anybody's out of one. I know it. I don't want to see Harvey Ross. I don't want to see Spencer Ross. I want to lose based on my own stupidity. Not somebody else's. How's that? Anyway, well, that's spot's coming up right now. As a matter of fact, how do you like that for time? Great job. Pork you pine. Christmas list in the eight hole on Saturday in the 11th race. Well, a trail for an adult. Hollywood. Yeah. He's a neat guy. He does all his voice. He made a million times. Voice makes me nauseous and that show is just a die from them to the love. But that's the only one that he used that voice on. It was a joke to him too. I grew up with that guy. And then he's, now isn't he the guy that did the ABC stuff? But everything. Yeah. So does. A lot of it. One denied on. He did like that Miami Vice-Prin. Yep. In fact, no, he started it on ABC and then NBC got a guy who sounded just like him. Yeah, he got to be the voice of the copy. Right. Good old Ernie Anderson used to hang out through a lot of crazy things. Welcome. One. Just hanging out, huh? Yeah, that's that. And that's what I wanted to say. Can I do one thing? Sure. First time call I got to see the, I know Tony is listening. Yeah. He's a major Chicago deep fish. He's baguette. Okay. Deep fish. I like that. That's Chicago. Excellent job. You got it. Thank you. That's it. See, like here, we just got a plane out. Chicago, they got the deep dish to speck. Now, if you listen to the voice five, I love both. And that channel 10 also got a guy who's doing the local stuff like that. Gross horrendous. It's just a sad commentary on these stupidity of the masses. We have an open line in the center square 524. Avigore, Avigore, Avigore, by the way, is all about your crab. She and Merfor have been engaged for 20 years now. It's all about your balloon. You know, how come that story is being so well suppressed. Have you noticed that? It made one little blurb there. And boy, they have got that story back deep in the closet. There's not going to be a button to slide. Hollywood. Yes, Neil. There is. Yeah. Yeah. I'm an Air Force recruiter here in Hollywood. Yes, sir. And I got a couple of things. Number one that I'd like to mention. The United States Air Force is going to be playing a Miami Dolphins for a Organization called Kids Crusaders. Now, I got a phone call from Kids Crusaders this morning. And they got a serious problem that I was hoping some of your listeners might be able to help them out with. Okay. They are in serious need of a couple of bunk beds for some of the kids that are in foster care. And what have you and I thought one of the best ways to get this message out would be put on your show. Well, there's a lot of bunk on their show, so this could be the right place. That's true. You know, where do they call? Okay. They could call Kids Crusaders. Uh, the number is 7462845. Right. That's in Fort Lauderdale. And I can talk to you, Eda Maria or Madeline. Uh, they're needing these real soon. So hopefully somebody out there can help now. Okay. Well, do our best. Okay. Thank you very much, sir. Anytime. Bye bye. Okay. 7462845. Get your bunk bed and the get it over there. Okay. Out of the attic or the closet or wherever this. And let's go to Papino. The new. Yes, sir. Yeah, they got all of our shape. Porky is used to work there by chance for about five years. Yeah. And he's right to eat his great. I got to tell you. Yeah. It's really good. So just check it out. You know what? You're so sucks. Yeah. I'll say something to you, sir. No, fine. Sock this. 1257. At W.Y.D. Well, that's a good shape porkies, huh? They're getting some good play in here today. Is there really such a place? We have an open line and Broward 524. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi. How many mobile do you have? How many mobile what? How many mobile lines? Because I was holding all of these. You just got a mobile. I thought you only had one. Well, no, no. You only have one for free. But the other guy was paying in his dime, which is why we put him on the first. No, no. We're doing on our dime. That's another story. Oh, fine. I don't mind waiting. Okay. First, what how you doing? Okay. How are you doing? I'm fine. Great. Yes. Listen, I wanted to ask this small favor. Yes. I thought I could do this playing a card. I'm only. How about cheap porkies, is it? No, no, no. I'm only going to... That's... But, then, I can go ahead. No, I'm sorry. I'm only able to call this show once in a while. If I call my way to work in all my way home. And I really don't have any other time. I happen to catch brick and a stud yesterday. And I offered them my services. The Thursday. I wasn't... I was supposed to call back before the show ended it. To see if they chose me. And I wasn't able to do it. To do for what? To do one of their Thursday happening. Well, one of their, uh, idiot on the corner. Yeah, one of those. Well, you know, it tastes money. So I don't mind doing what I do best on the corner. Really? I hate for what? Hey, you sound like you're experienced. Well, I'm a great potter. Ha ha ha. A great one. Potter. I want to throw pot. You know, on a potter's wheel, like in Go. Whatever you say. I was wondering if you would heard anything. And it'd take shows me to just so I'll call them back. Oh, there's Mani in his big ass in there in a control room now. I have no idea. But I'm sure that they'll be glad to tell you. Maybe somebody can call in in the next 15 minutes. I hear a nag ear into you. This audience is right on top of it. Thanks a lot. Good luck. Okay. Markets up 19 points. And George is obsessed with Mani's big, shapely head. That wasn't so good either wasn't. We have an open line on the starline, star IOD. And that's it for this hour. Can't believe it. Boy, time just flies when you're having great calls like this. We got who's doing the news? Chuck E. Meyer is standing by with the news. His pirates are going to kick the mets all over the field tonight at where they play. And Pittsburgh, I'm sure that. And we got the comes in the fillies in. Really feel the Samphano. Boy, I got a race out of here. I hate to leave real quick, but at 159 minutes out that door. So if anybody's got any in the sales department, anybody got a meeting, save it. And Rick and Saga Samphano, now I haven't promote what it says in search of an idiot on a corner for Thursday. And listen for a chance to win tickets to the former Holyfield fight at Penn Rods on Sound Beach, E. Vander Holyfield. Sounds like somebody used to play for the pirates with Honest Wagner, E. Vander Holyfield. Joseph Eki, a gym manager with Steve Spurrier and Joe Mendez, and he's more of that draft grab, high goldberg 82111 tonight. Yeah, around the studio. Yeah, you're almost as good as Alaska with that old Chinese job. Well, listen, it's a nice talk. Do you have a great life? Are you? Bye. I told you they'd be quick today. 12 minutes past 11, but they've been good. These people actually, most of them, they're not brain surgeons. They're not too bright, but they're under the age of 100, which is all we care about. Okay. So, just remember, you don't have to be intelligent to call this show. If you ever listen before, we probably don't have to tell you that. Okay. It's 1115 at W.I.D. and our friends from the pizza loft are here with just a little lunch. Okay. If Linda is listening to your new sister, I don't want you to panic there because everything is under control. We've only got about 78 pounds of Italian food here. Now, what is that? Is that the lasagna? No, that's the mushroom baked. Oh, baked mushrooms. She's in sauce. That looks incredible, doesn't it? And this is diet, right? And we got a whole week, just a little tiny whole week pizza, which I'll have one slice. And that's it, that'll be... What? Yes, I was agreeing with you. Cheery wasn't I? So, sarcasticly. Oh, me, sarcastic. Thank you very much. This is, this made my whole week trust me. Thanks a million. Pizza loft in Miami, and I'm telling you, they have got some of the most incredible Italian food that you will ever, ever dig into. I'm sure that Nick probably wants a little bit of this too, right? They gave him something. He got something? Look at that. Boy, oh boy, what about Roger? Want to go to something? We got some lasagna here. Oh, you got... look at that. They brought in food for all the important people. How do you like that? 11, 16. Let me just taste this. Yeah, I am. Never had my own. Oh, my God. Just like this. Oh. This is... No, I'm serious. I don't dare...