Everyone knows the Kennedys have quite a record and now you can have it too It's the Palm Beach Boys singing all the Kennedys greatest hits The Palm Beach Boys will give you the willy Yes, it's the Palm Beach Boys All there journey hungry is washing up on shore. My girls are the beach Wake up with the wages who is selling team you'll also get little loads Rosie from Massachusetts Ted man's curb and twist in by the pool So next time you feel like hanging Ted Oh 10 catch the Palm Beach Boys available on criminal records and tapes Let's put it on endless loop and just play it all day. That was the that's number one already We just played it. It's already number one incredible outstanding sensational Yeah I Never heard that I'm gonna be never hurt that's the only one Okay, can I make a little suggestion to you in closing? Don't ever do this. Don't ever do this again. See ya That's enough Probably that's after 10 at WIO did we have three open lines at the board now? I don't know what happened actually. I don't know what happened. We got all those calls We have been said to Loya hello Hello there's a painful fact about Neil Rogers you should know that's a major cause of Stiffness and swelling and none of the do it that Well, I'm the type of guy who will ever settle down We're pretty girls are where you know that I'm around I kiss a man. I love them because to be there all the same I get so gosh darn him and I don't even know their names because I'm a phalandera Yes, a phalandera I sleep around around around around around May future on the left. God of Bimbo on the right Only God will know where I'll be passing out tonight And if you want to ask me which girl I love the best out there open my shit got by the road She on my chair. Can I'm a phalandera? Yes, a phalandera. I sleep around around around around around They're my bones been all around I've the charm and lots of And you know I've stood so many girls Did I make Gary heart look like some kind of a queer? We are the type of guy He likes to go around I've never even won a place I won't be pounded out And when I find myself falling for something I've already been caught am I? I think of for a world to drive a tentatie Here's I'm fit to the The cost been round and round and round and round and round There must be spoken of carpeting of RACN this week. They came up with some pretty good stuff It's about time too, by the way 10 17 at Wild, D Miami Beach Hey, doing new okay Hey, I wasn't talking about the baseball Yes, sir. Okay. I'm not a baseball fan. Why not? Well, I just never grew up, you know, with baseball grew up a football Where did you grow up? But huh? Oh, you grew up here. Yeah, I grew up in a country I never that's the problem you've been sheltered on your life Oh, yeah, I know, but I'm just saying that You know, even though the Nelson was the late till September We you know once we get the team here we got to support the team I'm in a baseball fan, but I'll support the team You'll be there every day even if you have to steal the money to buy the tickets Well, I do that anyway good next one You know, we got to support that team like we do the dolphins and heat decaying and professional wrestling Oh Hey, man and and for the people that don't want to support them They're a bunch of douchebags. Yes, sir, and you know what you are you're an asshole Exactly. That's the way it's gonna be Neil. Okay. The way it's gonna be. See ya This is our brook shot in New York. This Justin Disney entertainment has just announced the upcoming release of an epic adventure About an aging congressman's indiscreet liaison The film is entitled Teddy Teddy Bang bang Tom Tom brook job now there's one but I don't want to say But pick it out for Teddy. We're yeah go Attention came on shoppers. We have a lost little girl She's 19 years old Auburn hair green eyes 36 24 34 and answers to the name event She says she lost her daddy and needs a new one will all perspective daddy's please form a double line Outside the manages office and please have a recent bank statement or stock portfolio with you Thank you. Thanks, you're near it's 1051 a WIOD here's a lady in Miami Yeah, hi Great job Some of you cars are mean and no for the talking What's what's what's wrong with them on the fight what is your a story man sir? Whatever you might be What can we do for you? I say what do you want? I want to talk to you. I'm trying to talk. I'm trying to talk. I'm trying to I don't want to hear that. I'm doing a great job Oh, what does that mean? You know what they reminds me of it's like every show you here Somebody will be on for like five minutes and somebody will call is a great show great show today They haven't even said hello yet. Oh, hi all they're doing a suck it around who is this? This is Chris. Oh, hi Chris What do you want Chris? Well, actually I want a job. I just got my FCC license FCC license for what for radio For what for engineering you mean? No, you don't need an FCC license for this Chris They don't know So what can I do I say that's what can you do with it? Well, I got a lot of ideas in fact you can probably envision some right now You're right hand or your life pom Beach I got something to complain about Neil. Yeah. What is it? I was standing online at palm war and what palm war it's a pharma It's far more not far more far more Not cool we call it palm war You call it whatever you will of course you're in Palm Beach, yeah, it's right okay And one thing I like for about 10 minutes. I can go to your husband. My middle business reading the garbage newspapers It's all tag walks up front of everybody where you go out to the exit It's up no bottle of whatever down their description of pills. I think it excuses self And then when everyone looks at it Oh, I didn't realize this is the front of the line Oh, I know You didn't even even you weren't even listening That's the problem with people they don't listen Have a great day. Let's take you to be your dad See you bye bye Wow Sometimes I feel That life is passing me by Sometimes I feel that people don't want to smile But when I listen to your show You make me smile like a child And you can help me get by my friend Be cold at all my radio Be cold at all my radio Or my radio Or my radio Good evening ladies and gentlemen this is a CBS news special I'm Larry King and by special grant of the next president of the United States We have been a quarter in interview with president Luther Francis Forgive me for laughing but Mr. Francis is walked a little Weirdly into the studio tomorrow night he will be inaugurated as the 39th president of the United States and normally presidents do not Do not crack Normally presidents do not grant Normally presidents do not grant interviews the night before the great little beer. Thank you to have you President Francis gets president until I present a little act right tomorrow Hey Tomorrow Hallelujah To that I believe a president Break no hold back now. Wait a minute. Some members of your crew are trying to get the president off the set You're not here. No you're committed President Francis is a pleasure having you here at CBS News Central Tomorrow is the big day you become the Yeah, tomorrow it's eggs Benedict four years eat All my life yes, I wanted to have eggs Benedict And this is your way my George we're gonna have them we're gonna take over that mostly Care now you never had it as governor of your state had it I Presented I did you have a point of very outstanding cabinet you are blacks Puerto Ricans women Why is I got a gate? I know but I know One of them is a gate. No Edo He's a copy Where do we go on? Now we know that Bill Carter is one of those people so I wonder if we did another one was and then they'll do it that yeah That's what he always said This is Donald John New York after a cold reception from Japanese investors President Corbuchov today convinced the American Motors Division of the Chrysler Corporation So begin production of the new AMC Kremlin Corbuchov's vodka power automobile featuring fine Siberian others the car reportedly gets 50 miles to the ball I'm Tom Rothschild Yeah, oh, I'll see you tonight I down at Tommy 1114 at Wild the starlines weight 90 stario d we got a call from Chicago Yeah, how you doing? We got a call from Chicago, but he don't have a phone. Yeah, yeah, what's up? What were you talking and do like the waste basket? From what I was talking to some chick for about three hours straight boy Is there somebody else on his phone? Yeah He had the big news on the phone who? You can't you can't talk call long distance and have somebody on a cond uh that's it get him off of there Tell him to go get busy or something He's going the way out. Yeah. I can see briefly from here Neil. Great. We go into the Dodger game Great, 320 hour time the Sanctuary and 220 a central daylight time. Yeah, he moves God Neil. Neil right God my kids can't hold a jack strap Who are crazy? Yeah, you'll be sorry sir. You saw you said these things Are already punishing you taking your voice away wait to see what he takes away next Who's pitching today? Scanlon Oh, Sean Bosky's pitching day against Bosky's pitching against Bosky has a trouble. Oh Bosky first Morgan oh Morgan yeah Any Morgan used to drive it Vernon downs. Yeah Yeah, yeah I No 11 16 a Wio do that's like five this week from out of time that we just finally had to a blow off They're just so bad we have an open line in date 75 one and one and Broward five two four Wio D South Miami We'll worst we started out with a sizzling 40 minutes and then all of a sudden they read out a material Yeah, you said those out of steep calls. They were good that's right Yeah, that was the only hope we had we see a call from Chicago or Cleveland or something It's a hey here somebody's got something to say guess what not anymore They've wrote the well is run dry sir Well, only the good I guess it doesn't really last that long. Yeah, like this call, right that basically this call is going down Okay 29 after 11 at Wio do we have an open line in the star line at stario D who are these these people out of work released that are standing in there now like Staring there's nothing like sitting in a fish pool and having people staring at like with that with kind of like a Weary look on her if he like what is that what the hell is he talking about is that asshole really on the air and stuff like that Yes, we're really on the air. Okay. It is amazing, but it's on here almost Miami Yeah, yeah, sir, you're really I get a lot just a picture of a 19 92 prototype bet Yeah, right well listen I got some great facts nice in your folks have a wonderful trip. Okay. I'm sure they'll put you back in on Monday Now what is it? What are these people who are just standing in here peering in here staring at me these are geeky We're not Calm Well, I haven't been the same since Paul Harvey Jr. I wasn't on the phone there You can't you can't even count on the old reliables. They're now under liable Sir, you know what I'm saying? They're all good. Yeah, we do have a couple of beautiful peaches that look like a pair And I won't you like they felt like a pair Come on. Let's go now. What is it now? I'm just gonna fix some pictures so that I want you to do get sort of something along the lens like a Gabriel last year Anyone wait my friend was talking oh Jesus need to have these pictures given to Rick and says it's about the cats It was cat problem Okay, yep, you know if you could just pass us along I'll pass them We'll do that okay, appreciate talking to you see you Man, what what what what do we do we ran into a brick wall? I have never we were just smoking and I guess we ran out I am just in shock We have an open line of date County listen you could be another one of the deadheads that they got nothing to say man They have no material you can't complain about their material today because they don't have any none Zippity do da God almighty I had a fact this morning I forgot to mention it for obvious reasons from a lady in deer field Who says please talk about the bufofrox and tiny some more Too bad you can't keep the set cat sound sustained like you can with CDs you make my life great from tentat to a lady in deer field beach I think she's right we ought to talk a lot more about frogs and tiny or tiny frogs or tiny bubbles or something Man, oh man, I'm a just absolutely I'm ready to go fall asleep from these calls What I love my Scott If I want you to elect me a doll grab your cross Like a man with Kennedy a my nephews a queue The sexual the foul plane my dad's wife will drunk the cross three lanes of the expressway Well the cops would bust a good anybody else When I get a trouble like I use my well I don't care about anybody else Oh no Back to the fridge now Senator. I've read some of the day bread You're the one that then keeps me in power Even though I misuse my ties I helped it John Jr. he couldn't pass the bar But again, the neither can I Wow the cops to with the bust anybody else When I get in trouble I'll use my well Because I don't care about your anybody else Oh no, no, no, no High-bearing officer. It's a good to see you again. That's a powers your family But let me write you a personal check right now that I appreciate that It was a yeah, a quiet depth of family weekend He once he my pants What I do with that cart. He said there's another cut on it. It's almost intelligible I I Would yeah, I like that one 21 till noon at W. I would he let's adopt this Montreal call I have a great Don't like it. Well, what do you mean don't don't me? Why not? Because I got an important stuff to tell you I got spy we'll why didn't you do that when you run the phone Well, you know I did not rush you you said put me on hold so I can hear what's going on Yeah, well, that was good. I enjoyed that for yeah, yeah, I agree Like you got the news coming up or something now we don't have the news coming up. We got 80,000 other callers Wait, but not look good online. I would have to get the well how to live or find one pretty soon Hey, well you figured 80,000 is at least three good call on come on get to it Okay, I already I was up here and I went over to Washington DC Yeah, and I went by the museum the Smithsonian and they had this display where you can put up messages Yeah, and what message said somebody put up right on there in the Smithsonian how many you might make a guess? No, I don't think you get it. No, I think I will wait a minute. Let me just just second Some fine. I got to find the right okay Here's my guess already. Okay, here it is. I'm dying. I'm here. That was close. What is it? But load really can you believe that in the sure I can do it with that's our crowd But that's just like a DC spy report. Okay. Have a great life. Hey, don't forget Dave is a douche player later. Oh, man don't put any more out of town calls on or any in town called 1141 only ship to shores 655 WOD got a heavy heavy box this must be the cigars from Alomaconsteadly sucking around Goldstein. What does he want? What does he want? He's starting to get out of my nerves now. He's a good guy and all of that. He's fat not as fast as he used to be but he's just Oh man such a chronic and he's got Rick and suds over at the house and Steve arena over at the house. He just Got more money than God. I just don't think he knows how to enjoy it now that they took his Cheerios away from him I don't even want good cigars. I like cheap cigars that you hack and cough and showton get the deadly diseases from Look at this George is excited about it because he's he's pretty isn't a crappy mood today's got to be a little six o'clock He don't have to be here Marvin's working Alex. Oh Alex is working boy he'll screw that you up good At a boy Alex not gonna be all the information out of do it. 1151 a WOD if the good nose in the bad news about Al goldstein cigars the good noses There's this huge box. I've never seen a cigar box this big 75 Dunhill AIDS cigars from the Dominican Republic the bad news is Like smoking the arm of a wooden antique chair. I mean they just absolutely Dry and tasteless so when it says AIDS cigars I wonder what century they were from and where they were aged and never in addition to that Of course you got a polka little hole in the end before you start puffing out. I'm too Boy, I'll thank you so much, but these are just tasteless bland And you got a suck on I'm so hard. It's like it's like smoking Palomance or parliament lights God These are the I hate to say it because is that tacky to do that if somebody sends you a gift and you said really sucks But see when somebody is sucking around big time like that if you're good I would a much rather had like a dozen good ones you know what I'm saying then seven thousand Wait, I want you to try one of these and see if it's just me. I mean these I've got if these aren't the worst I'd rather have some old Dutch masters right out of Eckerds that have been sitting there for two years They're like a brick I'd rather have that these are Sorry, I'll you're still a great guy, but your taste and cigars is a week Oh, we have a fake old lady in Pembroke pines Yes, it's me your I'm a it's all I'm a Bromboy. You know me Uh-huh. Yeah, I have my FCC license in my right hand. What should I do with it? Yeah, stick it in your left hand and put it where the Mondo shine I'm Okay, we usually don't make requests Inside the building, but we had a special dedication No, but this is for you honey That lunch dog. We got all cut Yeah Well, I was driving down on 95 the other night Somebody nearly cut me right off the road I decided wasn't gonna do any good to get man So wrote a song about them instead It goes like this Or I mean Or did you work it in your whole life Either way it worked up by Because you're an ass Yes, you're an A S S H O L E And don't you try to blame it on me You deserve all the credit You're an ass All tonight We're an asshole Yesterday You're an asshole tonight The girl I've got a feeling You'll be an asshole the rest of your life You I was talking to your mother Just the other night. I told her I thought you were an asshole. She said yes, I think you're right. And all your friends are assholes. Because you know that you're whole life. And somebody told me you've got an asshole for life. Where you more than asshole. Or did you work in your whole life? Either way, work not fine. Because you're an asshole. And you're an asshole. Be relatable. Hold the night. Okay, a little dedication for Nildo who probably took us to the eating to hear it. It's 12.0.9 at WIOD. I mean if these were even mildly interesting, amusing, or useful for something, I guess they are if you have an elephant. But boy, these are just horrendous. Owl. Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Neil. I've used to listen to you in high school and now I'm at Gamesville. I'm down for the summer and I wouldn't go back any time soon. Yeah, I know. This is crazy up there. They thought they had a guy. Obviously someone else is crazy too. Or there's more than one. Yeah, I wanted to ask you a question. I used to listen. You had this guy on the bird. Oh, history, yeah. Yeah, I was wondering what happened to him. He laid a gigantic egg, sir. Okay. Yeah, we'd kind of walk to a Kelly's working at the U-flotum. Yeah. But you know the good news though? What? Because this will probably your ring a bell inside your body when you hear this. And though the body is gone, wait a minute. The memory lingers on. Ha ha ha ha. Feel better now. Yeah, Tim. Yeah, that's it. Yeah. There you go. I want to ask you another question. I'm sorry. Just pull a question today. A little inquisitive of a calling. That's good. We like that. We like people who are inquisitive. Neum and college still my brain still works. Still learning something or alleged. Yeah, well, I was turning up the volume yesterday. Yeah. And I'm actually going to push the scan button. And it went to six forty on the dial. Which is? It's like W big it or something. I couldn't believe it. I thought it was like one of your little bits. You know, it was a sky going. This man has been afflicted with this homosexual anti-Christian skirt or something like that. I couldn't believe it. And then I said, wait, this guy's trying to raise money for this. And do you know anything about that? No. Really? Working I contribute. What a, a six forty? Yeah, it's like some, some presentation. And the guys like, oh, I was probably another one of those. Good Christians trying to help everyone along in life, trying to drag them out of all of their problems and make them it off for they can't refuse or else. That's great. Yeah, I think he's related to Jamaica. Could be. Yeah. Yeah. One last question. Probably related to Joe McCarthy. Yes, sir. What do you think of a spike Lee? I mean, that new jungle fever moves that movie he just made is out now. Well, not my cup of tea. Sir is the queen would say not my cup of tea. Yeah. I'm going to say it's home, but not my thing. You got your thing and I got my thing, you know, how close? Well, listen, have a great time and just when you go back this fall, go real slow. You know, like one step at a time and then by the time you get there, maybe something will happen. Okay. Okay. Hang in there. It's not a kind of depressed, didn't he? Twelve minutes past noon at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in Broward. We got a quarrel in New York. You're in New York. You're in New York? I'm in New York on business. Did you call us on our dime? My dime. Oh, geez. I got to do a break now. I just want to ask you quick question. Okay. You know when the actors are on TV and they have everyone to take a paid for it? Yes. Well, I'm suggesting some games shows do they get double pay? No. Okay. Thanks very much. Okay. Oh, God. From New York. He wasn't from New York. Was he? You might have been. It's an asshole celebration. And they're all out on the street. See them on the sidewalk. Oh, hear them shut up and pee. That's 20,000 assholes. Do an asshole from the made. Stepping side good at people. That's the asshole of the raid. Oh, God. I'm so good to know that. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, Jesus. Nine-line assholes for Jesus. The asshole's begun. Assholes for justice. Assholes for crime. Cause those of asshole areachted. Hmm. Yeah. Oh, Jesus. Oh, God. You got assholes making money, but making all the rules, taking all our jobs, if you're in a high school, assholes on the water, assholes in the sky, you're trying to sit down, want it, only assholes need a fly. You got a fly. You got a fly. You got a fly. Oh teach you won't you tell me, but I really made a raise. I'm higher, my flat firm. I just another half soul on the breeze. Mmm... 23 Mansage Basketball Good Ad apologize So throw the boat, asshole, you're gonna let it in Cause asshole's kids will go into I want to turn it to hell, metal that's all never die They just lay in bed in the wrong sky Assault in the morning, asshole that's a night Assault to the left, and asshole to the grave As 20,000 asshole, asshole from the day Suck a side, good people in the ass, asshole from the grave Okay, like I said, it sure feels some good time It was good for you, it was good for me, 1248 at WIOD We lost some calls during that period of time, but you know something that's the break Now we're up to our long-distance dedication And this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand Whether we have kids or pets or neither It's from a man and Cincinnati, Ohio, and here's what he likes Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request But I'm quite sincere and it'll need a lot if you play it Recently there was a death in our family He was a little dog named Snuckles But he was most certainly a part of us comes right again From coming out of the record, play the record, okay? Please See when you come out of those up-tempo, damn numbers man It's impossible to make those transitions And then you got to go into somebody dying You know they do this to me all the time I don't know what they all they do it for, but damn it If we can't come out of a slow record, I don't understand it Is down on the phone? Okay, I want to damn concerted effort to come out of a record That isn't a ping-pong record every time I do a damn death dedication Now make it and I also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week Just a god last damn time, I want somebody who's just been brain To not come out of a damn record That is that's up-tempo and I gotta talk about a p-tempo or a dying What is this? Emponderous man Emponderous Emponderous Well, I don't know about you but you sound like some stupid idiotic touch 1257, 58 Boy look at that time as fly at a WIOD Now here's Neil Rogers A news dog ready, oh 610, WIOD I just Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers It's one to do our Well, where I'm the type of guy who will ever settle down Where pretty girls are Where you know that I'm around I kiss a man I love him First to be there all the same I get so gosh-time him and I don't even know the names Because I'm a philander up Here's a philander up I sleep around around around around Well, maybe you'll hear on the left God of Bimbo on the right Only God will know where I'll be passing out tonight And if you want to kiss me which girl I love the best Out here open my shit, got by the rose, you're on my chair Can I'm a philander up? Yes, a philander up I sleep around around around around around There by bones being no longer round I've been chomping lots of blood And you know I've stopped so many girls Did I make Gary heart look like some kind of a queer We are in the type of guy He likes to go around I've been in one place I won't be pounded out And when I find myself Going for something I walk right into the car And I think a fuller world To giant vicinity Here's our security The cost is round and round and round and round What if you know is your bridge tender? Thanks so It's a 108 See it would have been a lot better if I was prepared But you know when your mind is starting to slow down I wonder if he knows the old bridge tender I just wasn't prepared I'll write it's Friday What do you want? 655 Wild There's an open line in Palm Beach But they're all probably busy out there hanging around the compound Waiting to see what kind of scandal We can stir up for this weekend This is John Brookshot in New York The National Organization for Women Celebrates its 25th anniversary this year With a one hour special on the Lifetime Cable Network And tonight Almost a special report on the remarkable progress Now has made an ending discrimination Against chicks, babes and other skirts No matter how ugly or fathom are I'm John Brookshot See it tonight And the city is really something 115 at Wild And don't forget the guys out at Atlantis This afternoon man they're going to be doing it They're dropping Marvin from 600 yards up in here A stark naked into a two-foot pond Pompid on the star line Yes sir The big you did with the old guy in the intercostal with the bridges Can you play that for us? No 117 at Wild We have an open line in the star line at Star IOD And as soon as he said that somebody dropped off in Brower night on Blameham at 524 Wild My name is Springs I do a nail Okay Let's know the scars you smoking Did they taste this good as your weiner on a bad day? Y'all Oscar Meyer We here were chocolate or cream on it Oscar Meyer Oscar Meyer What can we do for you sir? Is that the extent of your repertoire? Yeah that's this one Okay Here's the guy who's a real optimist He went out to do that measuring thing We were talking about last hour Went to the hardware store about a yardstick We have an open line in date county 7519463 Manyapolis And now Yeah I'm the Cleveland guy The one I was in Cleveland yesterday Oh good Well it was nice talking to you What open line in date like I said a one and Brower at 524 Did he call collect? So in other words he really is he's making Around sir We better start sending alerts up by facts To all major cities around the country That this Jack ball is going around What an idiot I don't understand We used to get the best calls of all Interesting people would be out of town Now even the idiots That goes to show you even the morons Can't handle it here They're going around Doing their thing They harbor Neil how you doing buddy Okay pal I have a belated Joey Reynolds by report Oh boy this isn't about chupershire Physicous that's old news No it's about two weeks ago I was at Ocean walk And they were having a professional wrestling deal There on a Sunday Yeah And I took the wife there She was disgusted by the whole deal And who comes walking by in his bike or shorts With the most disgusting body on the face of the earth But old Mr. Star puts himself Old Joe I have my nose up meals ass Wow Keep it summer I had that face He was re-em was he doing there He was with that guy that guy Bill Marshall No idea whether I wish It was that guy Lou of Lou whatever's name was the beach guy They used to call on him Oh no the guy used to do the weather reports That guy They used to be the only car they'd have for an hour Or the solar flex spot is on now I feel better Okay I'll buy that was just terminal You know what that was almost as bad as But not even close The moon scope guy on Rick and Sud You know I love them I love their show It's great That man is so terminal He could put all the Mexican jumping beans In Mexico to sleep in three seconds He was a terminal Yeah that's the guy used to call up with a beach weather report Terminal That's what's one of Joey's friend Joey he looked as disgusting as everything The guy is something's wrong with him His body it's just I don't know He's been dead for 20 years Nobody bothered to tell him When is he starting on super sure If there would be like a sandwich board Telling everybody to be sure to listen He and boomed them together right Boy That's true he's alleged Well who knows He'll cause I ask you to do me a big big big favor It's not a request It's a suggestion No it's not It's a request Aren't you in the minute Okay but it's good I've just been inundated I feel like I Like a squeezed out dish rag Here they like a limp sponge Okay but I promise it's going to be something different I've been used and abused Like I've been had Yes It's the Alex Bennett Steafcain altercation Do you have that? Oh God And I'm just into a break now here I just didn't upstart see This is the time of the day I started putting cards away I don't start yanking them out I haven't heard that maybe six, seven months Well I got it here for you Okay I got it You sound so depressed And so despondent like you're going to Slit your wrist if I don't do it Put loads there, put loads Back on you Thanks We'll do it eventually here in a second One to one One 21 and Wildewy we have an open line And day that's 751 Joy is slim 751 Wildewy But first we'd like to tell you And in fact you want to keep Joy out of your house or business Get a great system from IDS And true to detection systems Ain't good In fact I think they got a special A little chip they put in there And if Joy is like within 15 blocks And a direction the thing goes crazy And just starts screaming and curing on It's a benefit of you there Yes Mr. King Hi I wanted to express my displeasure You would now to go over the air And children and other acts Now you're friends and family down there That were deeply upset And one would think that even a talk show host If your call would have would Judgment did to do something like that Not really now I would have got to be wrong in which may read it I was buried I got wrong information He said it was only He said it was only for you were buried But I speak to the in a serious vein I mean do you have any idea what it's like I don't call your real-life show Craft on the new game We're not gonna Knock it off This is you know Knock what off Knock off your talk show craft This is a talk show You know what is on my phone show What do you mean What do you mean? Mr. Bennett I do not approve of this Hmm Well I can only tell you that it's kind of a stupid thing Well I know you can get it to the way You know you know why You know it was Steve it was that That tasteless way And which you begged me At the new trip to the thing And not even knowing why I was buried A little bit for you in the same room What? What? I say when you ran out with some phone stories You wouldn't be able to get What? No phone and a story I know a story They were having that that that that that that that My one half a horrible art in the night I was in a group of animals Even the paper appeared that nobody could get to their house That day Huh? What? Never mind Anyway Alex you know I'm doing that I don't know the road Well but to do something like that He's really well Well they don't back Well they don't back And when I'm not there I'm talking behind my back Well I'm not a purely been telling The art is telling you to hunt It's trying to screw me over It's your bet it's you I don't need anybody It helps you You need your little person I don't know I'm bad But you know you can say whatever you want to say And you can talk behind my back You know you can work Concern for the feelings of people I wonder knowing I have family in the air Is it just a thing like that you dumb jerk? If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now I'm taking God damn teeth in 127 By the way I got some exciting news And we haven't even mentioned this yet Wild starting on Monday We're going to be building repeater stations Every 10 blocks To make sure that everybody can hear our signal So like we're starting up on a quarter of Biscayne in 82nd And we're going to have like a little tower on top of each roof Like all the way up to Jacksonville And then all the way down to Key West Every 10 blocks just to make sure we can go up our signal It's a 127 Wild Alex is in the building It's not getting his haircut And everybody is just a laugh And they're ass off What are you thinking about? Oh he's got a Yankee shirt out of Wild explains it West Palm Beach Yellow and Yellow Yes sir Oh they're going Okay First of all I got a cold Scott up there and West Palm No that's at the end Well we're going to start off good Okay let's give it out of the way right off the bed Scott's a douche kid Okay That's a variation of it Um I'm amazed at all the cars No So much about very little bit of But the bad boy thing That's a surfer thing Isn't it? Wait a minute don't say that You know what that's like saying that's like my saying to you The president is George Bush isn't it? I mean when you first be right the other Collars for being dodo birds and then you say it's a surfer thing Isn't it? What's that you would know is what you're saying What the hell do I know about that crap All I know is the Mori Buggies board spot That's all I know about surfing All I know is that's where it is Surfers thing Is it a surfer thing Alex? Bad boys? He don't know about he's got a pony tail Timber three They did that song She just so bright I got to wear shades a couple of years back tonight They did what? The future so bright I got to wear shades Beats me I don't know anything Well trying to educate you a little bit Oh that's good So we got the surfer thing And then that And all guys measure it Okay And that's got your doos kid Okay All right see Wow What 29 All guys measure it How about you Alex? Have a measure it Not gay you're so full of crap Come on Give out a hair First thing you said when it came in this morning Was take me to your ruler Yeah that was ankle Uh huh Well he just came from the bar Went into Tywin on We have an open line in Palm Beach 655 9463 Here's a mobile and Hollywood Hello Neil Yes sir How are you the fit? I'm doing pretty well Considering only 30 minutes and 46 seconds Left out that I'm counting Well I don't blame you I wanted to brave a subject concerning positions And how they're investing And diagnostic centers that they By stock in Oh then Yeah Well that's great That's right up our alley And then sentations for diagnostic test That aren't necessary As if they're not making enough money for the procedure If you look at the cost of procedures And you know it stays versus Canada So I'm a triple Thank you So much yeah That's it Neil Thanks a lot Have a great life You too You too Hate you too That's got to be the worst thing And he's the only guy that know It likes you too The crap is sounds like a bagpipe music Hey Neil I'm not in the eye It's horrible You like you too Yeah even Alex don't like them And he that's right up his alley Should be He hates him He's in duwe He likes a deaf leopard He's like a punk So shmuck he'll grow up someday Alex is going to be running the board this afternoon By the way Marvin's out there doing it in the Georgia So George is in love with Alex today only Because the George don't have to hang around He'll six o'clock he said thank God for Alex He's been saying that all day We might even give you one of these great cigars to sit on 130 at Wiod Hollywood Yeah Neil are you doing He's eyes lit up like a Hanukkah bush When I said that I'm doing okay Let's go on and down I don't know All the even the losers are out of town As you can tell by these out of town Cause we've been getting everybody's left It's like a ghost town It's like a waste vast land Like the west little Fanity I had was like the escape Go going down to the keys You know It's the only place I can get away Wave forwards Long in the scum in this town And I just wanted to tell you I went down there last week You know and I took the old fish up over the bridge Yeah Nobody spoke English on the bridge Neil Oh listen I got a better one than that Even though that's just a joke Let me tell you something Listen listen to me The other ones they night Listen to me You got to clear it out now Well yeah Okay listen I go to pop and order the track ones they night So I stopped there's a In a mirror first honor you know 24 hour ATM thing there to get some cash out On the honor card Yeah This is in pop and old beach Right across from the race track And you look on the thing and you put your card in And the first thing that comes up You want the transaction in English or Spanish This is in pop and old beach Florida But it's like It's like the other time That would be like going getting lost In Colombia South Carolina somewhere Going to a bank to an ATM to get a couple hundred bucks out To get your card towed away And the things is you wanted in English or Spanish I think we've got a silent take over here in Georgia, Alex, about smiling about it I just I think they're in on it It's just unconceivable for me to realize that the key is only two hundred balls of parents There's such difference in life Yeah It's just scary I'm going to come up with my life and I just Well I give up sometimes I feel that life is passing us by And what I mean It's been passed at a long time now Okay Take care Oh do we do have a while hundred story? Absolutely. Well, if you're going to get a chance to go to the park, you know? Well, thank God It's just a publicity stunt There's nothing to it Oh Oh No No I want to tell you something To me that is when I first heard it across the back of my mind and I thought, now that couldn't be Yep, they said they have to clean up their image or change their image and there's going to be a big ad in Sunday's paper And they're doing this just a college entrance That is the lamest crap And any station is that desperate to pull a publicity stunt is like when, you know, they pull somebody off the air and then the audience is all calling in big Did you hear about this Johnny Dork? This is a Mr. Fowler Jr. on the phone with a report That the a while 100 thing allegedly about the morning guys being the act of was just a publicity stunt Yep Oh Oh Man, you know that is the lowest and all they do is lose respect to the whole audience by doing that I mean even the punk kids who listen to that thing are going to be just barfing all over each other And everybody's calling up to Brian yesterday Oh no don't change stop listen to Oh man why 100 is out I want you to spread the word that's perpetrating a hoax Exactly, it's a hoax and a pharse and the hell with them And we're going to set them all these cigars too They deserve us Good I do Thank you sir You bet why boy one more thing Yes, I call unumlabored a giant keeping Festering douchebag that then again so everybody else un believable Just a bit See you WList look at that A monster in the Nashville she's big in Asheville In fact when I first took that picture somebody said that to me in a mail It's an ad for WLAC Do you think I thought she was wearing a moumo and then I realized those with the sounds coming from the picture Do you think 50,000 watts is enough for her? Well, I don't know I think she's sitting on each one of them In fact the ad says she covers the Midwest and they're not talking about that signal either So it's a big hoax at why 100 it's just another big publicity stud Another one of these phony baloney deals to get the audience whining and build up their sympathy and on Oh, that's that's the lowest I mean there are a lot of that's even worse than contrived controversy That's just a worst kind of crap and to me it's smells of desperation Yeah, there's an aroma that shows no respect for your list There's an aroma coming from 100.7 on my FM dial and says L Stinko Which I think is the name of these cigars No snap-up by the way. I think next week we better straighten the other act out. You realize that because I'm getting his angrizzier And I'm not even a free load But, uh, I...