Be the crap outta here. He's brainless. Not much fun talking, not much to look at. But I ain't looking for smells just a little too much. Is that all the little too close? His nose is just a little too long. But while they're grown in, I will be mulled. Is all the little he's got a really big crowds of trust. The growth of the scream that they let it have, His got a really big crowds of trust, I'm fishing for those. His got a really big crowds of trust. He's got a lot of good news. Step on him, make me a just twist and shout. He's got a really big shout of trust. I'm feeling for both. He's got a really big shout of trust. He's got a really big shout of trust. He's got a really big shout of trust. For the shinfo more! Wait, did she have a lot of good stuff? You seem the TD commercials now. Let Joey Chinwood and his big Wales teach you how to do it. Thank you, Big Gav. And you can't agree, Pew-Foon. Turn it off, pull that ring on up. Oh, shoot, two-four. After just one week of Joey Chitt was grave-o-vom, stunt driving school, the old-be's wife is spicy to you, John, but a big rig. Joey Chitt was king of the 85 mile per hour condiments, whilst see if you've got what it takes to cut the mustard. He terrorized you in silence of the land. Hannibal the cannibal. Now he'll tenderly you at Hannibal House. Yes, Hannibal House. Will a food is always flesh. And now try our new, schmorgas morgue, featuring all you can eat finger food. Uh, yeah, I'll have the hand in Swiss on ride. I wanna hot long, quick dog. Yeah. Hungry for breakfast, try our 69 cents special, scrambled legs with French toast. And I'd like a coffee, too, please. It regular or de-camped k-t-u. Uh, never mind. And don't forget dessert. Try our world famous hot apple pie. This week order descended liver and onions with a drink, and keep the glasses or a hearing aid. Even a complete set of dentures. Why not bring a friend for dinner? Hannibal House. Tastes the flight mom. And now it's time for a shelter-teds new years party toast. Happy, very, very year. Every new year has some people all room-by. Yes, man. Every sponsored friends like myself should step forward and definitely offer helping hand to a fellow party, go as if whose judgment may be impaired. Honey, everybody need a ride home. No thanks. I already got one sleep at over. Another new year's party tip from Senator Ted. I'm dying over here. What else is new? I wouldn't Hollywood or anything, go on a. Yeah, this kind of one sort of disturbing thing. And I saw a pretty woman there. I know what it's called, just pretty woman. Pretty woman. I saw that Richard here. And I kind of put it off him not a big Richard Gear fan. Right. And I think the thing that really bothers me is that I read now that he wants to play Buddha. And that's not even a trip. Does anybody else? Yeah, he's a Buddha. He's a option to script and he would like to play the life story of Buddha. And I just think that's so horrible. Miss casting thing, which they have a lot out there. I don't think it'd be that. Oh, yeah. Richard Gear is Buddha. You know, like what's next? Robby Benson plays Jesus. Robby Benson is the Lord. Right after you make a. Come on. Right after you're. Ricky Schroeder is Mandela. Mandela, the principal is now seeing as Nelson Mandela right after. Madla. Jim J. Bulak is Mosulini. You love them in secret square. Well, high-witch squares. Now see how buzz the Italian dictator Mosulini right after Baywans. Oh, you do. Band-paten is no spread on a tree. Right after the gold of girls. Oh, Jean. So what I'm going to be on the next album? Oh, the days too specks. Soon I'll change. Oh, once in my life. See the plan I hate. What on the laundry? To tomorrow night. But then I won't hear some love. So I'll put the candy back. Come on, then you see. I'm a car on the street. It's a mirror to be. Nothing can be seen. I used to call the change. Here, real I stand. Here, I drop my tent. You have no. But there be a total of all my way back home. But I got nowhere to go. That's why I'm asking you, Joe. I'm talking to the land and the total. I'm asking him to buy some change. But here's the, the body I just told you. If you want to pass a phase through the other lane, cause this lane's only exact. Change. We do with the money, the total. I'm begging him to make such a change. But here's the, as look. How I just told you, maybe I don't what you got to another lane. If it can't come up, where the things that change are sleigh and light. It about is a higher and possible, a needed anti,ferned flow, across the Nether Own Photanger C lá Colour, Caterry, Strattles Accepted Capone Le Apondenneanding I have no force, gardnny. Would you like to read headlines like Dan Rodor, grass WWEL-EV, like WalTER Cronkiite, the news to the public like Peter Jennings? No? And there's a trading center just for you. The bird school of newscasters. The bird school of newscasters will teach you to relate the news on radio or TV in an unforgettable way. People will be talking about your newscasters all day after you grasp just a few pronunciation techniques. You'll be saying things like... Carol says pull out plans for order to have to do evacuations of the piece of agreement suggested that May rather do a valuation to the piece of paper. What was it in a evacuation or a valuation? I'm sorry, it's a bad evacuation. In a bad way? In a bad way? And it will feature highlights from a thousand secret tape recording. Hmm. You'll learn to pronounce different government programs such as... Not to chop social security benefits and keep the public aware of top world events. And they CIA would have to assess the country's or a assist the country's... And the bird school of newscasters will assess you in pronouncing four interns. New vote? New vote? New vote? New vote? New wave vote? Learn the pronunciations of geographical areas like... 1920's movie star and kids' graduate, Charles, buddy Roger. Kansas? And other geographical areas such as... Iron. Kuwaiti. Soviet Yum Yum. North Vietnam. Vienna, Australia. And city such as Washington, D.G. San Francisco. And penis, Arizona. Call the bird school of newscasters now. Or right to bird school of news cancer. Post or office box 103335. Fort Laude, Dough, Florida. Zip cold. 33000. You'll receive information on the school of newscasters as well as the school of speech writers. School of poets. And the bird school of court reporters. The bird school of newscasters. Where we guarantee the lowest frightens. If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610 Wild, you missed this. This is the bird? Yeah. Bird, how you doing? Okay. Listen to me if they're playing anything because I can't stand listening to you. You start like a douchebag. Do it. Just do me if they're playing anything. Can I ask you a question before you go? Oh, God, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you. No, just to tell you not to say anything. Just play something. Oh, God, can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening? I play something already. Why won't you answer me? I can't stand it. You won't see if you won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello. I got some shy. I got some shy. Before the break of dawn. No, no, no. What I'm feeling down. I know the time we all live. But where I guess you say what can make me feel so gay. Mirage. Mirage. Tusk and spounder. Mirage. I chicken farmer one out. One duck in windy day. By the crew, he rested as he went along his way. Now that once I rotten, they'd hit him in the eye. What the sight he dreaded. Ghost chickens in this guy. Oh, God, what my God. Before Mirage had reached a kid since he was 24. Working for the Colonel for 30 years or more. The crew and all those chickens and sending him to fry. Now they what we've had. Ghost chickens in this guy. Everybody to my mind. What the hell we're doing. The beats are black and shiny. They're as we're burning red. They had no meat or feathers. These chickens were dead. They picked a farmer up. And he died by the claw. They cooked a mixture of crusmen. And ate them with ghost law. Boy, is this pressure radio or what? I could have put a few liners on the cart. You know what? They could have just dropped these in like I was really here. And I could say our Camilla sauce total is. And $36,000. $31.8. Never known the difference. It's always good done. Yeah. Like I said, $145 a W.I.O.D. Don't forget it noon. Thanks to John Brunelli and Hayaleo Park. We got those 10 Flomengo ball raffle tickets in celebration of January 4th. Flomengo Stakes Day. The Saturday at Hayaleo Park. Each one by the way is worth 100 bucks. And each one gives you an opportunity to win that incredible 1992. So the first 10 colors after the noon news. Like starting a 12.5 with the big hand hits the little thing. That's where we're going to do it, George. Summer 1990 is the summer of Dick Tracy. You'll see the movie. Listen to the soundtrack. Wear the T-shirt and read the comic book. And now just in time for Father's Day. You can enjoy the fragrance that was inspired by the movie. The soundtrack the T-shirt and the comic book. New Dick Tracy Colone. Why smell like other guys? Now you can smell like Dick. Then lady ends up. She's an orthodox Jew. As she needs to buy bread that is unleavened. But his legs and she knows that the stores are all clothe. As she really needs to make a sandwich. And she's buying bread at 7. He's in. And the bread is wonder. This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being chopped to bits by finally home meat cleaver. This is your brain in a blender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Brains. Real food for real people. It's me, the P.P. guy. All this month, the P.P. Service stations get a free Miami Dolphin Sammy Smith tumbler with each fill-up. Here you go. Get the whole set of four. The three. The Sammy Smith tumbler said available with a fill-up only at P.P. It's a nice set look. And a selected location Sammy Smith and Sammy Smith have delivered your last to you. Here. Nice. Well, hold on to you, where's today? You can. For 14 years, everything was fine. On two. You haven't! This thing's too big or the paper's too small. So now I'm going to start all over again. No matter how hard you try, you'd never want. What do I have to wrap this? You think the box looks pretty good? The moment of confrontation arrives. Your finger tips and elbow hold the paper down on the bus. Well, your free hand reaches practically. You don't know. It can never be now, no. No. I'm not John Albert Me. You're experiencing the tape. Fear. No. Quick. Put your thumb on to bowl. I know. I know. Take fear. Come and do a whole new year. It's a moment of friendship. I'm going to sing just hand. Bye. Bye. But I'm not. Put him in electric chair. Now we're going for the changes hand. Bye. Bye. But he's. Spock no. Throw the switch. Now it's time. Pots your switch. Fondy. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Fighting. Ouch. I'm out here to stay, I'm existing I'm still here, I'm still here Don't you worry about a thing Or a Sunday soon Will I sing? Fondies Fondies Fondies Fondies Fondies Fondies Fondies Fondies Belt and shoot Fondies Voltage Echoes, reaction Eurasia Salmon Fondies S rejoined A captain S hiç OK, man, I'm sick & hurt I'm still hustling, I'm starting to feel heat Oh, a suddenly I see people And check it out my buttons like this Yeah, I got a first class riser It don't pitch to 10 my jeans Now I'm spotted in a woody I'm finding it a possible joke and see her I'm still finding a woody I feel like an act without a real So the goal is to go this He was far more than two I'll lose him up to the gates of Freishland Just to see what he would do Just to face his feeling As he had his fall his room There's a critters in the ghost She's waiting for his post Down in the jungle room Responding what is in my face It's still impossible You can see her on sporty wood is in my face I feel like a natural without a real Spontines and men's best It's almost impossible to see Spontines and men's best I feel like an act without a real This is the Neal Roger show This is your brain Any questions? Any? Any? Any? The election comes But the man won't run If we may don't be sick, the black news The election comes And the man don't run The heat, the time, the collapsing in deep news The election comes And the man don't run All they got to show is a bunch of loser The election comes But the man don't run Like the little prick They'll come, mass a true set The election comes But the man don't run There we are There we are There we are The election comes But the man don't run There we are There we are The election comes But the man don't run Covered a moon, deep mess and a tabard They need to come and a demand don't run They got nobody that can do that job They need to come and a they got no one They need to come and a they got no one They need to come and a they got no guy They need to tell you that they're seven To works They need to come and a they they're a great cry Every Oh Every Oh Every Oh Election comes But the man don't run Every Oh Every Oh Every Oh Election comes But the man don't run They get come But the man don't run The now and the is two specks Here's my story We sat by true about a girl called Siffle and so Had a bug and ran it around Give it to every guy in town We sat by true about a girl called Siffle and so We sat by true about a girl called Siffle and so We sat by true about a girl called Siffle and so I should have known it from this bottom, I'm a little I didn't know whether you're a little rich I'm part of all always being with you So stay away from us if we're this soon We took a closer, should've seen our sides We built a set of a friend of mine You got it back to now, I've got it to So keep away from a Siffle and so yeah Keep away from that girl, hope that I'll still live with you now Keep away from us if we're this soon She likes to sleep around Yeah, it's dinner with my best at home We did a girl that started to call Now I'm afraid it's falling off here We're going to have to stay away from a guy who knows You sound the horse where this fungus grows And scanning for all that she ever knew I keep away from a Siffle and so yeah Keep away from that girl I don't know you're a talented rich man And she's a talented rich We'd seen our fish for dinner We'd seen the management too We'd have to find this beauty trap Yes, I'll fool with you Oh, nest your eyes just drive the ground We'd kill every day, oh, hey Nest your eyes just push the ground And so I'd be in this space home But I'll use my old deem Traumatic New Year's Eve Day man We are doing it, we got Rick and Spud's life From the OBE parade the Saffronon Don't forget 1205 That's what we'll start answering Don't answer any of these idiots before 1205 Okay, one little hand hits the thing on a wall And we'll give away those ten raffle tickets for the Flemengo ball and a chance to win And a good chance it's not like one in a billion Like the lottery it's a chance like a very limited number Because these are worth hundred bucks a piece A chance to win a 1992 G20 infinity Thanks to John Brunetti And Bob Savage and the Flemengo's and all our friends at Highaliopark Okay, okay, is Lisa Campbell doing the news at noon? I thought I just saw her waddle into their boy I hope this is a good long news cast Lisa hope you've saved up some good cramp for us Anyway Rick and Sides back like I said at the OBE parade Suddy and Joe live from the hurricane Hotel, a shirt and bow harbor at 605 Hey Goldberg New Year's Eve in a big fat way It ate a clock tonight This is how for it is official station Of a 1991 1992 orange bull News talk radio 610 WIOD Miami Ford Waterdale in the Palm Beach And thank you Lisa this update of public service Of the ticket to Thames team We have to bring the roadway westbound of the dolphin expressway At Lujun Road this caused several flat tires Other problems in date accidents on the Tamiami trail 127th Avenue and one of the golden glades on the rav from north-midi beach Two Florida's turn pipe Fight traffic tickets in traffic school Ticket Thames team along firm will help fight back 99 dollars excluding court costs In date of rower call Randy Maltash 84741 team With replaying coverage I like things to sky watch 610 WIOD Partly cloudy today A high at about 75 Partly cloudy again tonight with lows near 60 Right now at 1205 The temperature in South Florida is 60 degrees Next news at one bulletins at once I'm Lisa Campbell for South Florida's news traffic and weather station Newstalk radio 610 WIOD I don't know what it is but it's for me Who's talk radio 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers show To get in touch and talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from day In Broward it's 524 WIOD Outside the 305 airing code Toafree 18944 WIOD And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star iOD The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers And not necessarily those of this station Now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIOD I'm a model now by the station Hey! The streets of Harlem exploded with gang violence in New Jack City Now that gang violence is spread to America's Heartland Sun's gone down boys You ready to rumble? Yeah! What's it gonna be boy? Let's TP a house Let's tip over a cow It started in the crack houses of Harlem And it spread to the cone fields of Oklahoma New from the makers of New Jack City Comes a startling film about random acts of wool Around the sun here comes a stranger By their boys i'm just in from a city Which way to the dairy bar? He wants to know how to get to the dairy bar Oh well you go straight down this road to lights Make a laugh and you can't miss it Why thank you? I just hope you've been wrong direction Yeah you'll never find it There you are There are wrestlers There are really boat jacks Where terror is just another name for cow tipping And dangerous just another word for tow Probably 7 a Wildina Let me explain to you those people who are ringing a phone So if the judge can only do one at the time Okay so if you got a ring Keep ringing it Can only take one name and address and choose size at a time So keep ringing it And since there's only eight lines It means we're gonna spill over look who's in the building Look at that Straight back from his vacation in Alpaca Spods is back What are you doing in here? How can we not down in the parade? You can all address stuff and drag and ready to go huh? They love those outside remote Man that's where it's all about What are you doing with that one on hold? Because you only got it huh? You're still talking to him? Man at this rate by 315 you're gonna have all these ten people done They have to come pick them up They have to come pick them up Tomorrow or I mean the Thursday or Friday Okay so you're glad to be back you excited? Yeah Ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh hey I'm no fool I know how to kill this day man This is the greatest day of my life so far Why don't turn on his mic briefly? Yes I don't hear anything I don't hear anything I don't hear anything Why don't throw up for every mode today and For that to tell me where What do you think about that? Wait don't Paris just walked out the door Mr. Happy New Year himself And I want to tell I hope that certainly Thursday morning he brings in these You know we got facsimiles of these things were given away These raffle tickets Oh yeah, yeah, which are worth a hundred bucks I don't piece and somebody's gonna win an infinity Which is great but I sure hope he brings those in real bright Nearly Thursday so when he sits I mean when he's great listeners Start showed up here Thursday morning that You know we got the tickets for him And we got everything in hand So to speak Paris Everyone knows the Kennedys have quite a record And now you can have it too It's the Palm Beach Boys Singing all the Kennedys greatest hits See you Come be down Come be down This is a little bit I think we think I want the free The Palm Beach Boys will give you the willy Happy on to help help me on to help help me on to help me on to Yes, it's the Palm Beach Boys Quite why Oh they're dirty laundry is washing up on shore I grew some of these Say you're a rabbit I put my head down here I can hear the ocean We have... ...Cuz and Patty and me. Wouldn't it be like if we could wake up... ...with a wager to win 17? You'll also get little old Rosie from Massachusetts. Ted Man's Curve and Twist in by the pool. So next time you feel like hanging Ted, uh... ...or ten, catch the Palm Beach Boys! Available on criminal records and tapes. Thanks for calling! This is Tom Brook, John New York. President Bush has called a surprise news conference. We suspect that he may have changed his mind on the Supreme Court on an aim. We'd all join that news conference already in progress. I'm mind about the previous nominee. So instead, I've decided to nominate three women to the Supreme Court. Right girls, you mean it's a free course? This court is a white night. Slightly too the white night. Everybody's hanging up. Let's name the year. Now we're getting down. You can't really know you just have to wait. We're too busy singing. There's no time to measure strings. We're right back in the Senate! Woo! Now the way you look like steps in the city. Hopefully not. Let it make me look real good. Set up. Now we make the longs. Maybe you have flat hair. Well Diana, I've had the same flat than B3. Don't you dip me in the top of the head. How do you handle the band? No, you've got to stop right back. This is Tom Brook, John. I'm sitting in the room. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Common listening. The story about a man named Jad. A dumb man near barely nothing in his head. After labor day had a hank until the cool sewed rounded up the kid. And then they headed back to school. Beverly Hills that is high school. 90210. Excuse me, Miss Jad? Yes, just a little. How many inches have you gone? Oh my god, he just like so stupid. Hey, like his not that dude who surf on his door. Golly Paul. I don't think I've ever gone a fit in at this year's fancy Hollywood high school. Now, Ellie, you keep waiting in boys. You already got crit. Well, the next thing you know there, living in Beller, checking in the rehab and bleaching out their hair. Though they're really tan and they're getting lots of chicks. They learn nothing because they're still a bunch of chicks. And, oh, Beverly Hillbilly's 90210. You're all hail back, now. Here. I know that the Lord even loves Neorotras. It's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the street. Sees him on the sidewalk. Go hear them shut up and feed. That's 20,000 assholes doing asshole from the native. Steffa side good people is the asshole of the race. We got the assholes, freedom. That's old for nine. That's old for Jesus. That's old for guns. That's old for justice. That's old for crime. That's old for assholes. That's old for all time. That's old for justice. We got assholes making money. We're making all the rules. Taking all our jobs. We're feeling a fire school. Assholes on the water. Assholes on the sky. We just find the septal planet. The only asshole is me to fly. Just a minute, a minute, a minute. Oh, you're crazy. O teach you won't you tell me. And I really made the race. Am I here in my class for am I just another asshole on the race? I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. Assholes get the orders. And asshole broke the boat. Assholes get elected. As assholes get the votes. I want to start a friend. That'll asshole never die. They just lay in bed in the multiply. Assholes in the morning. Assholes in the night. Assholes in the left. Assholes in the rain. As 20,000 asshole. Assholes from the night. Steffa size good and people in assholes are great. New from your phony company. It's yelling and it's cheaper than calling. Hey, Bill. That was the wife and kid. Pretty good Sam. You and Lauren, why don't you come over for dinner tonight? Sure. Okay, I'll get back to you. With yelling, you get the same convenient features as calling. Like yelling waiting. I just admitted friend my boss is yelling at me. Oh, David, you got that contract ready for tomorrow morning. I'm Daniel Sarajou. Try yelling new from your phony company. yell at our toll free number for more information. Of course, it's cheaper to yell after 7 p.m. A three minute yell from sunrise over to Temrad. Cost only a dollar. But you may have trouble getting through during peak yelling hours. I'm breathing. I'm breathing. I'm breathing. I'm breathing. I'm breathing. I'm breathing. It's the new easy choice from your phony company. yelling yell out to someone you love today. yell out our toll free number for more information. I just want 800 for you. LLL entry. Let me 50 dollars.