And we're gonna shatter gets up there when he says, get a life. Or I don't know what made me say that. I just been mean, I wanted to sit for a long time. Okay, and I'm glad I said it. I'm glad it's out. I would have played some of the highlights from the Cubs game last night, however, that lady was right. It's amazing how timely this show becomes. Remember the woman that was talking the other day, I said, if you want to see the guiding light and tape it, just start to tape now. When you leave the house, you want to clock and just let it roll. And she said, well, if the power goes up, the VCR is gonna cut off. And I said, no, no, they've all got a thing on them. Well, I've never had this happen before, but I sure wasn't gonna sit there and watch the game. I couldn't handle it. And so I started it. And much, much later, I come back. And at the end of the third inning is when the tape stop, the power went out on my clock, so like, you know, the clock on the microwave is blinking. Yeah. So I don't have it. And what a shame, because we had two dramatic homoons, including the game winner by Dawson and the eighth inning. And Dave Smith came on and got his ninth save. We had a big come from behind. I'll tell you one thing. If the cups didn't went out when last night, we'd be a big trouble. It'd be all over. I'm not saying that it's great, but for, we'd have been three games under 500. It would have been history. How do you, Seruva D'Arch? Who's that on a starline in Miami? Right here. Yes, sir? Hi, Neil. Uh, long, long, long time. Well, thank goodness for people like you, Seru, that can't find anything better to do. Yeah, the only real thing on talk radio today. The only thing period in the world is right here between 10 and 2 and 2. And to these people here appreciate it. No. Not at all. Markets up two points now. Oh, that's wonderful. That exciting. It's up two health points. That's, I don't want people to panic. Oh, that's a great time. But we're in a depression, sir. Nobody wants to fess up to it. It's the main reason that I called you here. I'm on the palmettole going south. And this is really constructive criticism of one on the traffic reports. They gave a report just as I'm going by a 100th district. There was an accident going south on a 100th street. And you believed it? Oh, man, you've been listening a long time. And you believe those reports? Oh, man. I believe Sky King before I believe Sky 1, 2 and 3. In fact, I believe the sky is falling. That was it. I believe for I believe those guys. Listen, what are you think of a guy that goes to Vegas? Wind's good money. Yeah. And doesn't bring anything back for his friends. I think he's a douchebag. Hang by the way. Hang by the way. Listen, I saw Hank Goldberg coming up the stairs this morning. And Hank was wandering on his way out with a good big smile on his face. He's on his way of the West Coast again. To Vegas again. His dad's right. Man is more money than God. Well, taste what I got to do for him because I'm turning off. But I've been half of my friend Kevin and Central Press. I want to call Bob a genuine douchebag. Okay. And I'm sure with the Elizabeth. And don't listen to that Joe Brennan again, so he makes it up. He's got three by five cards. He just pulls one out. That's his slogan over there. When in down the line out. Come to think of around 10 o'clock. He's smiling. There is an action in the ovens. It's right. Better start. Shuffling those cards a little better, Joe. Good luck to you, pal. All right. See you. 11 after 10 at W.I.O.D. Also, I got to pick my who else because I heard Phil Saultman calling yesterday would check my who was that guest by the way. Oh, man. Chuck is great. And the audience is sucking up to him. We'll go. But I got to tell you that I'm not into guests. I'd say 90 times out of 100. When I hear a guest on any talk show, I shut it off. Because they're, oh, who was that guy? What were they talking about? The intellectual snob. All the intellectual snob. Oh, God. Man, give me a break. Where you? And I heard Phil Saultman calling something about his daughter and going to school or some stupid thing like that. Probably with the racing form. Phil's daughter reads the racing form in school and probably. Anyway, let's see who am I going to pick today? I'm going to pick, I'm sticking with Katie Swenney. I don't want to snub all the rest of my friends over there, both of them had called her. But I'm sticking to it until she wins the one for me. I'm going to stick with her. Justin Admiral with Katie Swenney in the first race. How's that sound, Phil? You got it? Justin Admiral in the first race. Wheeled, boxed, and puked your lungs out on it. You're not going to go away now, are you? No. Of course not. And isn't this interesting? I don't have to get up really early tomorrow morning and watch not slain. I know, isn't that something? It's good. It's a bit different. It's a top 10 this week. Was it really? Yes. Woo. You got out of here before we knew that. I'll be sure and tell them our hold on a second now. It's 12 minutes past 10 to WIOD. If you're a salesman, you know what you are. And if you're out there on a road every day, if you're self-armaceutical, surgical supplies, you just play it. I'll come on time. Luckily, he puts in here. A plain old asshole salesperson. Tom, can't you do something a little more classy than that? Here's a great idea to make your customers happy. Have a great lunch delivered to them from the pizza law. How do you like that? The chef boy, he's on top of it. The loft delivers anywhere in Dave County and they can put together a delicious lunch for the whole office for his little is four dollars a person. I was saying, orifice yesterday, and a guy from England was just flipping out. He was going nuts. He was having a bloody fit. Just give Jeff one day's notice and he'll take care of it all. Of course, we all know that the pizza law to some of the world's best pizza and those delicious Italian specialties. He just want to shovel down your face with a shoehorn, mouthwatering lasagna, stuff shells, manacotti, big zee, eggplant, parmesan. It's incredible. And you can enjoy your meal and their new expanded dining room, including the Neil Rogers dining room. I tell you, when you've made it, when you have a dining room and then after you with the pizza law, that's prestige. Or you can take it home or have it delivered. You can even pay for it with your credit card on delivery. And if you see our friend Jeff, by the way, tell him his pointy tales, a lot of you see looks like a burnout, 60's reject, but do say hi to all our waiter friends up there too. The pizza law upstairs at 69th in Flagler and Miami, just east of the Palmetto, you can't beat the food and of course the price is always right too. 266, 5111 is that number. 266, 511, 111 for the pizza law. Okay, so it was not full salt's been to the car yesterday, but I just told him I said, somebody out there's got your voice down pad. If somebody's probably making race calls in our house right now, how come this thing is so distorted this morning? Can you hear it? I hear it. The collar wasn't it? Hold on a second. Is that better? Is that, I don't know, it's not a little better. It does sounds the same to me, it's awful loud. I like it loud though. Some like it loud, some like it's sore. Yeah. I'm sticking with Justin Admirl, Phil said the horse has been away for over a year and has no chance. I'm sticking with Katie Swiny, with her without her bug, okay? Does that bugs me when people try to help me off my horses still? Are you were saying what? Me? Yeah, I'm talking to you. Oh, hey, and I watched the cubsking. I'm asking you something, how come when I go into these little side issues? I go crazy. You talking to me? You talking to me? Of course I'm talking to you. Well, and I'm really delighted that you call so you can aggravate those people out there who hate you. You like poisons? That's right now they can hate me more because they're good. Now I wanted to tell you, I was telling George before the show. They had tough call in audience, again, to be differentiated from the listening audience, who are the more normal people I never call radio shows. Those people are such bug cases. You know, when you come to it, like when I moved around from one station to another, the first several weeks is like a honeymoon period. And man, you can't buy an open line. The phones are drinking up and man. It just, oh, God, we're just so excited to talk to you. And then after a while, the bloomers off the roads, you see here pumping those numbers. Now we don't want to talk to you. And then it's written suds. I got all excited about it. And we don't want to talk to them. And now I noticed Chuck yesterday, man. If he ever had one line open at one time was a miracle. I mean, the phones were just sizzling. Everybody. And they're just all suck it around. Like, you know, one guy he has Chuck, he said, what was your first car? You in Chuck's is a 63 Volkswagen beetle. Oh, boy. And the guy in the guy says, oh, yeah, great car. Great car. I don't want to go into the thing. I'm not even going to go into the car. No. I got the kids that got killed in one and stir just Michigan. Oh. Car going 30 miles an hour, hit them head on. And a car folded up like an accordion. And they were killed instantly. Oh, God. But anyway, that's depressing. I don't want to go into the thing. No. Great car. Great. He would have said, oh, 58. That's a great car. Chuck, people are such blood cussers. You know what? They really are. I just can't deal with it. If you watch the occasion, you know. No, I just I told you that I did not. I went out. I couldn't handle it. I just and thank goodness I didn't watch it because the risk. It was a great game. But the first six and a half things they're losing 401 and it was another coma toast performance. And I would have just, you know, I would have gone nuts. Yes, they did. Thank goodness. You know, they're still a little a hopeless there. But I don't know how much. Our friend Mark Grace hit a thousand less. No, he was three for four. He brought Boundal to the base. He's loaded. I heard about that. Oh, that's right at the very end of the base. He goes walker had a two run home. And then, of course, the hot comes through and hits the game when he home or in the bottom of the eighth inning. And Assen, mocker wins a game. And Dave Smith gets another save. It was a good game. We pulled it out of our thing. I'll tell you that. Excited. We needed that game. Big time. I'll tell you. If we lose that one, it's history. I need to ask you. Why did they call Andre Duffin' the Hawk? Well, there are a lot of lines I could use to that. I don't really know. I have no idea why. Just a nickname. Okay. I have another question because I'm like a new baseball fan. Yes, man. Okay. Last night, there was a runner. He, well, got hit the ball. Yeah. There was a runner on third base. This phone is making like sounds. Yeah. Okay, there run around third base score. But that's the side of the point. The guy hit the ball. He ran the first. He rounded to go to second. I mean, time to filter through a two line. He caught the ball. The guy like gave up. Is that like a rule that? Why? Yeah, he did just like. I'm never going to replace Harry Carrey. I'll tell you that, where this is. Scyndelating play by play. Oh, I'm new. He did. It was a runner. Okay. The batter hit the ball. Oh, I don't even say it again. Markets of seven points almost. Why did the runner give up without trying to make a second? I don't know. You're not describing what it he catched in the year? Yeah. The field or the ball? Yeah. How field? That's what the field is with the Tigers, not with the cubs. So the runner thought he had a chance to go to second. So he rounded first and started to go to second base. And the middle. Well, runner, the guy who hit the ball. Yeah. Okay. And then the field is through the ball two lines. He caught the ball first before the runner got the second base. Why? He caught it. From the field or the two. Yeah. The runner was between first and second. Well, he probably had a nail. They probably made to what they were trying to get another runner off base on the plate. Is that it? They were trying to get him from going to second. Well, somebody else will call him and describe it a little bit more articulately than you do. I'm sorry. Stick to not slanting. Okay. Well, I love the cards and that thing. Well, isn't that something? The brazer ugly. They are not ugly. They've just to see the rug. I don't know. I just put this okay. The brutty on Murphy back and Tom Glamans. There's some ugly guys on that team. So we got a lot of ugly guys too. Listen, it's not who's got the best looking team. It's whatever team you like. I mean, it just happens to be a coincidence. The cubs have a few guys who are not too bad. Michael, Becky and Mark Grace. Yeah, Mark Grace. Right, Amber. Sean Boski and a few others. You others. Yeah. Well, they keep a fortune. We got a lot of real ugly guys on our team. We have no time to cut. No, we don't ignore the guys. They're all our cubs. Just as Louis Salazar is ugly. Don't mean we don't want them to hit them. Run. And what about the hawk? The hawk is the same better days. But he's a great player. He's great. I mean, do you think I, y'all, geez, come on. Get with it. Okay. Pretty soon, you'll be a Bruinspan, too. She can salivate over Don Swinney. See, hockey players were too much equipment. There's not a lot of stimulation watching a hockey game. Okay, they were like 45 pounds of padding and equipment. Right, they're also easy because they give you those nice clothes up. That's right. And they're all scratching. Well, sir, they have a great day and we'll fight out for you. What the Ryan on the pole. Thank you, I'll keep listening. Okay, I'm sure you will. Come on. See you. Twenty two after ten. What the hell is he talking about? We have an open line in Broward. I, my first car was a 60-core bear. The next caller when we take it. I want you to call me and tell me, great car, Neil. Great car. You know, the one where the fan belt kept breaking every 20 miles. Great car. What a bunch of butt sucking fools this world is composed of, you know what? Anyway, if you don't have anything special planned for this weekend and probably you don't because this is a very deadly time of the year and a usually deadly town, come on out to the colorage mall at Mervins because they're having a big job there from 10 to 7, taking job applications for sales stock and orifice work. And if you want to make a few good bucks, work for some good people, check it out. I'll be there from noon to three, signing up those ugly new pictures and we'll be giving away sports fan bags, drawing for some neat prizes. And I'll be okay. Okay, in the colorage mall. So, all of you people in South David have been saying, when you come down here Saturday, noon to three, no retail experiences necessary, but be sure to bring your prior job history, couple of business references like a George and the manny and not bring market. Come on down the colorage mall. This Saturday, 10 to 7, I'll be there from noon to three. We'll be calling in and making fun of Meghani air and doing some neat stuff at the colorage mall. We have an Mcc's in smoking marijuana, a fxtor brain causing severe memory loss. Just listen to this actual recording of a celebrated part here. Okay. Your turn means who knew them that this innocent experiment would lead to goofy opinions, believe in astrology and yes, serious memory difficulties. Mr. President, you know anything about the Iran cultural weapons say you will. I just don't remember. Do you know who was your secretary of state at the time? We like I don't recall off hand. How could I buy a vowel? No! So stay away from marijuana. Hot when you and if you actually do try the stuff and someone like a biographer ask you if it's true, just say no. Dice rules banned, lowest theaters chain is boycotting, dice rules, the Andrew Dice played concert film, opening a friday. One of lowest film bias found the movie to be on a nonstop basis, odious, repulsive and repugnant to women. Lowes chairman, ALN, freedberg says, lowest ones 200 theater complexes with 866 screens in 16 states. It makes decisions on NC 17 movies as this one is rated on a movie by movie basis. So the diceman would lose is out. Oh! Big deal. He's not a movie guy. That other movie he made was a gigantic bomb. These guys just don't understand. He strictly stand up comic big mouth, whatever he is. Please back. Just like Howard Stern, radio guy, not a TV guy. They don't understand that down here because there are a bunch of Yahoo's and they don't hear his radio show. Off one TV Howard. Carl Gables. Neil, how are you doing this for him? OK. I want to ask you who are the creative minds behind these little sideshows that you have. You know what our Katie is? Yeah. Mental institution. That's where they're done. Who are the people that produced them for you? They do. Why? But you know, they're on a Reagan that you just. That was from American comedy Network Sir. Are the bodies on? Yes sir. Some of them and some of them just fall in the door and some are done by Mitch Lewis and some are done by listeners and some we steal from our comedy network from our consuds and they're from all over the place. We got billions of cards here, sir. So? Because we're desperate for material. They're a couple questions. These people in the audience, they have no materials. So we have to come up with our own. All right. Well, let me get you. I have no life. Right. All right. Here's a guy that I know you have a special place in your heart for Larry Kang last night. Did you see him? I know. No, I did not. No. He had on Ted Turner. Yeah. Oh boy. Talk about a butt sucking bar of marathon. No. No. I'm not. God. I believe me. Larry King knows a so far off his butt. And they would need a vacuum. They probably had to bring in some of the excavator to get it out. It was phenomenal. And the best question he asked was he started talking about Turner's material wealth. And then he goes, he goes, why would it bear like you care about the environment? Why would you care about this? I'm so tired of my chair. I wanted to tell you something. I am so tired of guests. And I'm going to tell you another guest who shows up on Rick and Suds all the time. As long as they're not here to defend themselves who makes me nauseous. And he doesn't even come in here to thank God. He's on a phone all the time. Is that moon scope guy? Oh, you mad. He is terminally suffering promoting bore. God, give it a rest. He's as boring as watching no curdle. Hey, I think Rick and Suds party with him on the weekend. I think so. Because with that guy post, I thought, God only knows. Yeah, I know where it's coming out of, believe me. And one more question in place where Larry King's knows is. What do you think about, uh, what do you think is going to win the cup this year? North stars all the way through in a big upset. I'm so tired of hearing Chuck Mironolo's Pittsburgh fans. They make me nauseous, okay? I want the North stars to kick some butt. That's part of the punch at Goons, uh. Yeah. They can have a cup. What the wait, I mean, they'll be better. Hey, listen, nobody, did anybody believe that the North stars could even stay on the same ice with the black cocks and a blow them away, sir. Uh, but you're waiting for the handle, uh, the way in the same way. Same with the same Lewis, who could have, who could have, Funket is Jeff, who can't see their, their few things in the world that make the hair stand up on the back of my neck. Who the Funket? That's one of them. And when somebody says that, I know there are real Yahoo and Jeff can't see the force for the trees said that on Sunday on this station, and we're embarrassed, and we want to apologize for. Who the Funket? Oh, Jeff, but Jeff with those cliches, we are all these Jacksonippers, man. It makes me sick. Well, one more sport, and I'm part of the heart cells of the giant. Yeah, that's it. He said, goodbye. On top, he knows when to quit. I like that. I like a guy, and you know, he's got no more to accomplish. He's going to go up into booth and probably had 20 years to his life. True. Because he's a real hysterical guy, you know. He's a great coach. I didn't say that, but he's a real hysterical emotional guy, and now we can go up there and get the big bucks and just relax him to tell everybody else how to do it. Criticize all the other coaches. All right, Neil, have a good day. That's what that's what Walsh is doing. Those going to come back from the day. I hope not. Have a great life by the way. It's 1031 at Wild. We here in Miami are not too fine to build Walsh anymore. Okay, because he thinks that often suck and he just pretends on one side and we just hate his ass. Other than that, he's a good coach. We have two upper lines. You're both in date. Counties 751Wild. D.R. Question of the day is, are there any straight British men? That guy who was in here yesterday, I'm going to tell you. If we didn't have his feet tied down with some men, you know, when they bring those party baskets in and the balloons start floating around on the ceiling, I am going to tell you, I thought he was going to float away. We're just a second or two. The news department came in, thought the Hindenburg was back. It was incredible. What is that all about? I mean, stop and think of the famous British entertainers like a Noel Coward and Rex Harrison. Talk about tip-to-wing through the tulips. Talk about fayway. I just don't get what that's all about. Here's a mobile and west Palm Beach. How you doing? Okay. That poor girl, the not-laid girl, she was trying to back through the figure out that baseball situation could be. Well, I don't know what else he's talking about. I have a feeling there was another runner on base somewhere else. Wait a minute. Oh, we got a caller's going to explain it right now. Really? Yeah. Well, you know, I know you're not going to kiss your butt, but I'm not. Why not? Just because I've been on here here for 15 years, what's wrong with kissing my butt, okay? I'm an alien law, because it's supposed to be the best one ever this week. No count on what that's going to be. I just follow a lecture now. I have a request if you plan a card. We don't. I asked for that. What is it? Problems to see store language say by S last week, and if still we're still waiting. I'm looking forward if I find it I'll play it. My second term is to add the office waiting for Monica. I appreciate it. Okay. I'd like to get to work. Hi, man. Yeah. 1033 at WIW do you're going to explain the play to us? Yes, you know. Okay. Okay. The two outs, Braith, have a guy in second base. Dave Justice is up. Hit one of the gap in right center. Yeah. He tries to stretch it into a double, and he's going to get his ass thrown out. So he stopped. He tries to go back to first and send Braith. Chase his dumb ties him out. Probably he stopped to give the other honor a chance to go on. For four to third out. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Great game you missed it. Well, you know something the only reason they won is because I wasn't watching. Let the first game I've seen when this year. If I was watching the Chico Walker would never hit the home one and Dawson would never have been in a game. Oh, yeah, man. I'm telling you. I just, I get real emotional with a cup games. You have no idea. I'm just curious my insides out. I'm not just a lukewarm fan. I mean, and the thing that bothers me is these last few days that we've been going through some real rough times that I'm sitting here just crying the blues. All these cup fans, you know, Hank and I did that thing at Biscayne on Friday night and it was a real good turnout and Hank's asking, we got any red socks fans. We're going to, we got any cup fans. You like there were jiggins of cup. Well, where the hell are they? Where the hell are they? Are they all in hiding? Well, we're all in hiding. There's Yankee fans and met fans and all these other slide dodger fans. Where the hell are the cup fans? Well, let me tell you. I'll be up. I'm kind of talking bad at a little bit and try to reinforce our, whatever. Well, my trip is planned first week in July. I'll be up there. Well, we're going sometime. I'll go. Here it is. It's, what's it a today? The 15th and May, we still don't know anything about it. That goes to show you what this place is all about. I'm going for the big pirate home stand. Oh, boy. We should get our blood kicked. I hope not. I hope we get straightened out by then. And you notice I said, we need Doug DeCenzo leading off. And even though he was only one for five, but he did score one. We won the game. You just caught the number of games. The cup's win with Doug DeCenzo's in the starting lineup. In fact, you remember when Walton got injured, got that stomach virus? Right. A couple of weeks ago. And we were hot as a pistol. Right. DeCenzo was leading off every day and getting on base, taking a few walks. You can't have a lead off guy who's got an on base average of about 240. It just doesn't get the job done. Yeah. Walton's up there swinging at the first pitch every day. He sucks. And plus he's a dumb base runner. He's always getting picked off face to send those to hell of a good little ball player. Well, right now got a great fielder. Right now got thrown out twice last night. Yeah, I know. I read about it. I don't know what to tell him. He was gone. In fact, that was the end of my tape. That's when the power went out. Yeah. Yeah. That was trying to score at Harry Sand. And the rider's going to score his eyes out. You know, and that's when the tape, that's when the power went out. I think my VCR couldn't handle anymore. I'm sure it's the one out right after we tagged him out to the power went out. Yeah, that's too bad you meant it. It was something else. No, I'm glad I'm happy. In fact, I'll say this. If I felt they could win every game by my not watching, I would just not watch. All right, that's a cup of tea. Probably had 10 years to my life. And they just don't have the sport this year. They're dead. Yeah. You know, I've known I know I'm very well. This group of clubs. I mean, you can see the pattern. They score, you know, Sandberg always hits his homers in the first inning. Never in the late innings when it counts. Always in the first inning. Okay, and we're head to nothing, three and out of whatever it is. And then it's just like the whole rest of the game is like an exercise. They come up there and they just stand it around and dumps them. They're swinging the pitches that are bouncing up there and Walton swinging the pitches on the ground on the first pitch and grounding out. You can see the pattern. This is not, I mean, in 89, they had, they were on a fire. They had was a whole different spark on it. The only guys who are sparking on it team now are Grace and Dawson. That's right. Other than that, they're all in a coma. And dumps them never swings in the strike. No. And now, and not only that, but at least Sandberg, when he goes in a hitting slump every April, Lisa's fielding is still great with dumps them, his fielding and his hitting or in the toilet. Right. Come on, Sean, show on, butch up. And we have nobody to throw the ball. Ever since Jeff can't see the forest, the said, Shawana meter, Sean has never been the same. He's history. Okay. Good luck to us. So we're in the subclif today, right? I think so. Okay, I'll take a couple of value. There you go. See you later. Later, while those afternoon games at rig, we have to be driving home 100 miles an hour. In my nearly smashed up Corvette. I come to work this morning and dispenses out. By the way, Spencer will not be your next week, but his crew will be swirby, but he get your car wash to eat. The money will be up in Orlando with a doctor for a few days. But his truck will be out there. He'll be a washing for dollars. Anyway, I come to work this morning and I'm racing a lure up the street and actually leave her in the dust. And I get here and I pull it. And there's this Yahoo from next door at Channel 7. You know those, uh, boards that they drive or mercaries, whatever those things are. He's sitting there and he's got some blonde, bimbett standing there talking to Spencer's wife and dad, but finally she gets back. And I'm sitting right behind him about three feet behind. He starts up and reverse. And I leaned on that horn and man, I'm telling you about two inches from my fiberglass being history. Anyway, right now I'd like to tell you about our good friends at the Intruder Detection Systems. There's such good friends. We know the owner's name now. Jeffries Wern. IDS is one of the oldest independent, long companies in South Florida. They're fully insured. They're state certified. They build up one of the best reputations in the industry. And they have thousands of satisfied customers. IDS will provide you with expert installation, fast service and personalized attention to all your security needs. So unless you want to be like Leslie Stahl and ripped off right in your home, you better check out IDS. They'll customize and design a system to fit your needs and your budget. So won't cost you an arm and leg to protect your house or your business. The idea is provides 24-hour emergency service, 24-hour, you well certified central station alarm monitoring. They have a hands on state of the art alarm showrooms and go in there and grab anything you get your hands on. They're committed as to provide you and your family peace of mind with their professional staff and Jeffries Wern, the owner who cares about making you safe. So go visit them at their hands on state of the art showroom. You'll meet their owner and the staff get personalized attention and they also offer free security surveys in your home or business. In day call 949-0020. That's 949-0020. It browed its 463-73336. 463-73336 they have visa mastercard and please be sure and tell them that Nudnigneela Wiod told you to call. IDS and true-der detection systems Inc. Language tape number 6. The convenience store. Follow along and repeat. Convenience store manager. Hello, may I be to helping you please? Repeat. Hello, may I be to helping you please? Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. You want a Parliament light? Repeat. You want a Parliament light? Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. Do you want a Parliament light? Repeat. Do you want a Parliament light? A Parliament? Customer. No. Neither one of those is the Parliament light. Wait, no, did it look? No, it's not that. You want a Parliament light? Yes. I want the Parliament lights. Is it the party? No, the Parliament light. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. What did you say? What did laundry have? It's a Parliament light. Turn this tape over for a language tape number 7. Ordering Chinese food over the phone. 1043, Wiod. Sure, hope that melon had appreciate the fact I dug that out and played it. Because we lost our Palm Beach call while I was playing. And how often did we get a Colin Palm Beach almost never? Let's go to Miami on a Sterline. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. I just found a movie last night. The naked gun. And I thought it was pretty funny at the end because you know, the Queen was, we're at a baseball game. Yeah. You know, she's going to bargain today. Naked gun is one of the funniest movies in the history of the world. And naked gun, too, I understand, is coming out soon, which I can't wait to see it. Yeah, we're going to get more. Leslie Nielsen is probably the funniest man who was ever born. That's just my own personal opinion. Well, it was pretty funny because that, that day, you know, was trying to assassinate her. And was the right field to rich Jackson. Yeah. You remember that? And that's what you're doing. And rich Jackson knows batting notes for the years. And you know, he might pass the magazine, I told that old dumb Cuban concecos. Do something you ever know about that. The dumb Cuban? Yeah. What does that mean, sir? Wow, he's a dummy. Okay. He's an idiotic jerk. All right, he knew that. Go ahead and say it. Okay, buddy. I'll have a good day now. Go shoot some quail. 1044 at Wild. We have an open line at Broward. 524Wild. And of course, so the star line with Bellsopman Bowdoin. Now star IOD is caused from your pickup truck now. All you dumb Cubans and others. What a young red mixer. Anyway, it's 16 before 11 at Wild. These Caesar Maniago by the way, I've been thinking about this. If we had any real sports, sonalogible people out there, I had to call on that. Yesterday, he was a goalie all right. I'm positive. And I think he played for the red for the red wings. And also at one time for the maple leaves. If my memory is correct. And of course tonight, we have the Stanley Cup final starting. The Pittsburgh Penguins with Burgess Meredith. And the Minnesota North Star is the underdog. Boy, go North stars, go Neil Bratton, John Casey, whoever the hell else is on that team. I must be very honest with you. Okay, I'd like to think a little bit about hockey. I can't name you anybody else. I mean, once the game starts, I recognize all the players. But I mean, North stars are the only two players I can name you on the North stars. And that's pretty embarrassing, isn't it? There's a thing that is on the Sentinel. Oh, geez. There's a thing here in the sports section in the Sentinel. Not too exciting, but there was a thing. And I was pretty good as a matter of fact about the penguins outlook and North stars. And the hot gold tenning from John Casey and coach Bob Geney. Well, where's the names of some of the players here would be good, huh? Come on. It's like one would be good. Look at this. It's just a lot of generalities. There were no names about the power play and penalty killers and defense. And it doesn't mention that. I don't think they know any names that are sunset and all either. There's no names. It talks about old Samuelson and the penguins into this one and that one and Tom Baraso and Mary Olomew and Kevin Stevens and Coffee who's out and Mark Recky. And I can't believe this. I'm my hand to the sky. There is not one other name of any player for Minnesota and here other than John Casey the gold tender. Nobody in his whole Islamic up final thing. Well, what about in the article here? Now there's a big article about it too. It says, Pissiper, Repa, Pah, Pah, Johnson said this. Swain Gretsky said, There. Well, there's nothing on here. Let's go back to page one about 1981. Loosen to the Islanders. There is no name of one player. One. Other than John Casey used the gold for the North Star. So obviously, Jerry's a goda of the Minneapolis star Tribune right up there. Minnesota who wrote this article also knows nothing about the North Star and that's his team. There's no anybody on the team. Miami Beach. Hey, yes sir. Would you define a technical term for me? Yes sir. How can a China? How can a China? Yeah. Means banging on a China cabinet. How can a China means like buzzing in your ear? Talk into much. Mugging you. Being very annoying. Someone being very annoying. I talk into much. Like Tom Dennerberg, just think of Tom Dennerberg. Picture his ugly little face and puny little body and that kind of matches. Sounds like a real. Sure. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. We have more answers for people out there who have questions. I was going to say inquisitive Graham, but that would have been never been bad. It's 10. 48 and WLD also understands who the great find that in this week's new times, there is a Skating answer to Richard Salus's skating attack on me. And last week, so let us to the editor. But unfortunately, we don't have the new times yet. So we'll have to wait and find out if it's as good as Mr. Disney said it was. So he gets excited about stuff like that. I don't really care. Okay. I mean, it's something to talk about kills a few minutes. It's the juices flowing in the audience. Who cares? Somebody writes a letter. I mean, the fact that we're even writing about you, that in itself is something. Right? How many letters you see in there about Sandy Payton, for example? How many letters you see in there about. Alphi. Whatever happened to Alphi. Somebody was asking, oh, that was on the handshow. The other night when he had Arne Warren on and all these old old kid. He told me he was going to be a team. People were calling it. Whatever had been to Alphi. It's 12 till 11 at Wild. We have an open line at Broward 5249463. I've lost eight pounds on my ultra-slip fast in one week. Today I'll be a week and actually it's even less than a week. Because a week ago today is the day that we picked out at lunchtime and we just kind of finally said, Yeah. Enough. Remember? Look at this. I was saying early today, Mr. Meyer, fresh from another pirate victory last night over the powerful Astros, is here today again. Two and a half ahead of the powerful dangerous meds. Montreal, by the way, is in last place. Exposing last place, the Phillies won again. They pout the giants by the way. Are there any giant fans out there? Will provide the guns. Brian Frost. Just blow your brains up. Brian Frost. Brian Bellos. Well, these are North stars. Yeah. Eight gagging. Two. They'd get. How are you pronouncing? Gagne. Gagne. Gagne. What did the guy say? And David Smith. David Smith. Right. Now that's the cubs. No. That's also the North stars. And? Is that it? That's he's a guy. He's a manly aggo. The gold tender for the North stars. Long time ago. Most of his career. Well, but he played for the Maple Leafs a one time I think. He and Geals Milash were uh. Geals what? Geals Milash. I don't say that. Always coming in here with some bloody talk again today. That guy was a trippy. I was just something else. It was it. By the way, great car that the Volkswagen Beetle. Oh. Hey. Great car. I know how you feel about German cars. No, it's got nothing to do with where it's made. It's just like it's like a death track. Well, it's all I could afford them. I had a little corvare. I had was a little corvare. Well, really. Sixty. Four of their little blue corvare. And put 150,000 miles on it. And every 10 miles you'd have to stop for oil change. And a fan belt. But it was fun. See everything. You see everything in life is depends on where you were place in time, how old you were perspective. Like when I first went to Detroit, I was a kid at Michigan State my first. And I'm in my own little corvare. And I'm driving the etsl forward in the John Lodge Expressways. And it was exciting. And I got the WXYZ and CKLW blasting on my radio AM of course. And it was exciting. Now I go to Detroit and I want to get right out, forget it. It's like all these memories of Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh is a dank, cloudy, slippery, oh, gross place. Man, it's a toilet. Ten fifty watt at WXYZ. So I guess we could assume safely that there is no step on Rishi on the Minnesota North Star. Thank God. But somebody on the phone has got some names. Deal. Yes sir. Calling from Miami and the Palm Beach line to give you some scoops. That's how desperate he is. Are you in North Star fan? Uh, from Minnesota. Wow. Well, I doesn't answer the question though, because they've only got about six fans. Yeah, I know they do. My brother and mom would even go out watching this year. He's a hell of a hockey fan. But all of a sudden they get in the playoffs. They get hot in that place. He's just jammed, packed in their rock and a ramp. He's a bunch of four runners up there. They're a little bit crazy. Oh, what's going on? Yeah. Here's a good scoop for you. Neal Wilkinson, their defenseman. Wow. They got a lot of kneels on that team. That's what I like. Went to Michigan State. Any hockey player who kneels can't be all bad. Hey, went to Michigan State. Well, like I said, I'm like it in more every second. Yeah. Yep. And Mike Madado. Yeah. Big scoring from LaVonia. Really? Yeah. From Wolverine Harness Raceway. School-cracked in middle bell. I know it. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, see? How about the question? Good. Yeah, I'm ready. Great. Wait for Toronto? Was that Gordon McRay? Yeah. Yeah. What a voice. He's going to sing the national anthem I heard. I know. Or Dwight Smith will set him up there. He's not playing much. No. By the way, he's our money, Agle. Yeah. Played for nine years from Minnesota. 24,000 minutes. But I swear to you, I think he also played before that for the Maple News. I could be wrong. You're a big, raw, skinny guy. Yeah. I'm positive. Yeah. He and Gump were as we figured it out. Gump were as we thought. Yeah. Worstly was before him. Were as we thought before him. Were they? Yeah. Well, no. He and the Gump were there. Actually, he's there two years before Gumpers. But the Gumpers was there. But the Gumper was there. Was like a twilight of his wonderful flopping career. Remember how he used to flop down all the time. Yeah. Slide around like a whale and he. He was afraid of flying. He was a pro. He was like a pro.