I'm Elaine Ator for South Florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio 610 WIOD I'm jobberland Who's talk radio 610 WIOD presents the Neo Roger show to get in touch and talk with Neo dial 751 WIOD from day. I'm Broward in 524 WIOD Outside the real 5-area code, so free 1-800-944 WIOD and Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers and not necessarily those of this station Now here's Neo Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIOD This is the Neo Rogers 1-2-0 You got a problem with that snap ahead Ooooooh! One of the most successful movies of all time Now takes to the stage Terminator of a musical The Hiel Salonine With the South of U.C. Yes Arnold is back I shot your legs and now you are both It's Arnold Schwarzenegger Like you've never seen in the fourth Dancing, singing, shooting If I want a cyborg Doodle doodle doodle doodle doodle All day long guys Arnold Schwarzenegger Half human half cyborg Half bass Half bass Half bass Half the trumpet A la But critics are wild about Terminator of a musical I am laughed I cry I am glad Every thing has to love these stuff For you I am from the movie So, thanks Terminator of a musical You are way I think Arnold has a big collection of Chris Atkins pictures But I could be wrong It's one O-A to WIOD We're going to take a lot of calls here And build up to a crescendo To a fever pitch For Rick and Put We're going to be out there doing it In the parking lot I was a weather held up yet Going to be great Because I was driving home yesterday And what's his name Who was just on the phone Who called in from the car Who must have been about a half mile behind me I was looking around And my head was spent like Linda Blair I wanted to see all the action But anyway As we were driving up the road It was just nasty And danking he was saying What about a rainout And if it was like it was yesterday By about three Good luck to all of us Good luck to you because I'm not going to be there 75 75 is breezy It's great That's the Aquin forecast It's blowing cold in Sarasota Let's go to the Grove Shall we? Yeah Time caller Uh-huh Native Miami And I've been away for 15 years Living in Salt Lake City of all places Oh boy, you hit all the high spots Well, I tell you I guarantee it is no program like yours out there Yeah I'd be big out there for about 10 minutes But 10 seconds Till Donnie Osmond and his family came in Well, they're not about Donnie But you know, a few years ago They passed a And a cable decent sea law Uh-huh They would have outlawed HBO And uh- Sure, why not? Yeah, and the governor vetoed it Good guy And then the lead They don't let those pop and fresh spots come out there either Yeah They don't like to finger anywhere near the waste Well, it's a slager over road to the veto They took it all the way to the dam It seems to be in court It's been about a million dollars To the taxpayers money for a waste of course Hmm But anyway But it's interesting though With all these pseudo-piety that goes on We're talking about this couple of weeks Well, all they almost all of the mass murderers seem to be like in Utah And up in Washington, state and Oregon You know, there's like the whole thing out there There's like a lane Yep,undee was out there for a while Wendy started up their work this way down That's right Yeah, he was really Utah He was the only place they actually Convicted him for a while And they'd loan him to Colorado Yeah, the trials kind of walked out one day You got Terry sitting around there waiting and walked out Yeah, the reason I called you was I like to get some of this music that you're playing And take it back to Utah and shock the hell out of some of my friends Well, probably getting a cassette recorder be a good idea Yeah, we're working I get it Get what? Get this music that you're playing Get the music that I'm playing? Yeah, you know, like this one was the What was the simplest, too? And you know, this kind of stuff Yeah, we're going to buy it Working you buy it? Yeah, don't you sell it? Well, I don't want to get too personal No, no, no, the music, the music No, we don't sell it Now come November 1st will do our Camilla sauce thing again But that's a long way off We have a taper over here the best of tape So this stuff that you're playing is not the sale of any story Now of course not You have to have your cassette recorder I see if you were smart And that's a big gift because you've lived in some bizarre places But what you do is you tape the show every day And then what is so funny about that? Well, you'd have somebody It could be easy to buy it, but definitely No, nothing's easy, if it's easy it's no fun Well, listen to it, it's pleasure talking to you Harder it is the more fun again So it's a bad work, we are Okay, thanks, yeah Now you don't want to listen to me He don't want this stuff He just wants somebody to hand it to him right on a platter You know? We have an open line in date 751-9463 And one on the star line Star-I-O-D By the way, Skipper Chuck is a good guy He really is the show last night That's another story Now the show is good up until he had that stiff on I'm so tired of the station Bring it all these old line farts And want to talk about how great everything is And all we're doing just fine and boy It's great having the sidewalks roll up at night A clock at night and chasing all the living and breathing People are I tell you one thing If we didn't have South Beach That's our only, and you know, maybe the grove If you're one of those people are floats But seriously, if we didn't have South Beach That would be it We could just roll it up like San August And say, okay, you used to be great here And we could have like monuments Showing all there used to be a lot of stuff going on over here And what's the big bar Where they used to have the whatteacher contests The button on the beach in Fort L'Auderdale They're tearing that baby down And building like probably a nursing home or something For Bob Cox And the city commission Well, we're going to need some place to stay Oh man, I'll tell you Oh, it's great Hey, this is fabulous All those Europeans are going to come over here And just go nuts When they find out how they've been ripped off The snap-o' guys on the starline Oh, hello Oh, this is going to be a regular habit, isn't it? Is this jury? Yes, it is. You get the diet's recipe Yes, we did, jury, in fact, I haven't my hand right now Thank God And it's delicious I'm glad you're there Are you under a lot of dress about this? Yes, quite a bit Well, somebody was hiding under their dress But we finally got a hold of it I'm glad you're there Enjoy it Good health. Talk to you later And the same to you, thanks, jury He's getting to be a regular, we like that We like our snap-o'le regularity In fact, I think snap-o'le does keep you regular We have an open line of dates, 751 It's ringing right now in the starline The stario'le will be coming right back That's the same Damn, damn, damn, we're here All right, so we have a little conflict here, I guess, huh? This is the real jury I don't know what you're drinking But I'm on my way to the studio Now with the real stuff Sure I'll be there in 10 minutes Come on, jury I don't know who that was before, but I'm on my way You're what? Yeah Did they get him? I think they got him The snap-o'le hijackers got to him again No wonder we never get the good stuff We got to right here in our hand, so cut the crap So we got like a whole bunch of fandom jury hellers out there in radio land I wouldn't be surprised to have a few more One-16, we have an open line on the starline star snap Let's go to the port of Miami, hello No, I was hanging Okay Straight out Yeah, the good news I'm leaving You're leaving? That news I'm going to Bahamas Oh boy Yeah Yeah, who sucked you into that deal? No, I work for one of your favorite people that owns the cruise ship Oh, oh Or nine Yeah I can't say because he's a big fan, he can't turn it off I'm sure that Love those cruise ships boy And that food can't be with a stick Now, there's somebody already beat you to it I shouldn't be saying that kind of stuff Because saying what stuff? The truth? Okay, let me ask you a question I guess when you work for the cruise ship lines Like they have to lie a lot Whatever happened to the island queen Ah, probably got lost in a cruise ship somewhere No really Probably got lost cruise in somewhere I said probably got lost cruise in somewhere But you stepped all over me brutally there like What? With your rudder Okay Anyways, well, bond voyage So you're going to the Bahamas for how long? Just for the weekend Just for the weekend I work for work for Don't say them Don't say it No, I'm not We'll have a great time and have some great chow and Love Chucky Why don't you just just like I remember one day I was listening And you were just like ripping them and new ads And like did you just like do that for the rest of the time? No, I'm not going to say the same crap all over again It's a redundant repetitive in the fact that it's a bunch of rip off In fact this guy I don't you got me started The guy that was on with Skipper up Chuck last night I think he was a guy from Wal-Methko About a 400 year old guy used to be there Skipper Chuck too But anyway, this guy was going on and on about the well If they want a gamble we got the cruise ships And they go out in the middle of the war Shining they go around in the circle All they do is they're floating crab ships People can gamble if that's what they like And Bob Aban Yariya and how great it is all the people who come down here can do that Well, yeah all the people come down here do that They get on a plane they come down to the airport here They get in the cab they go over to the port They don't spend one dime in the stick in town They get on a cruise ship that give these rip off artists all their money Well, that's great. That's wonderful They don't leave a dime here. They don't create one job in this area They don't leave one penny for us That's a biggest pile of crab and the only reason the Bahamas even exist is because the mobsters have kept gambling out of our god for a second town And the people over there We had gambling here at Atlantic City would fold up like a prune And the Bahamas would fade off into the bermuda triangle never to be seen again Keep going keep going have a nice day Okay One nineteen at WIW the toy there wasn't going to get worked up about it I think there ought to be an investigation as to who the powers are that continue to prevent this community from coming into the real world And offering fun with the sun And making this the dank depressing monument to stupidity that it is Who's the guy that owns the what's the guy that's got all the money? Wanted to Disney's friends you know the one it's got the billions of dollars The cruise ship guy come on come on. What is his name? Boyle boy man out there You just keep going out there folks and getting ripped off and spending all your hard earned bucks Okay Now we're not talking about discovery because they're great A one nineteen at WIW D for Lauderdale hello Hello Yes sir Deal Armstrong for sir From Neil Roberts to you What is it? Sorry Neil First ball As I said I'm from the Phoenix Valley I've been listening to you for about two weeks I'm here for about 21 days And I finally come to the decision that you are very good about creating In the mind the people are creative power I'm impressed with that Anyway, I'm going to call it tower 96 Pardon? I say you're absolutely right Well you make people think that's what's as me The reason I call something about we haven't talked about or I haven't heard Well here's a great video on mtb it's salt and pepper Salt and pepper Yeah That'd be good Yeah, it's quite peaceful a crap man I'm tired of this Okay So it's a crap Anyway, I'm a plumber service plumber I've been for some time And I heard the word crap here quite some time ago Yeah From Jonathan Kraper Yeah He designed the first toilet in England about turning the century Right You also invented Krapeless Crap Yeah, right Well what happened Well they decided 20 years later It's been a little bit That's big and hell and hell by the way Krapeless Crap Yeah South Beach a little bit Little bit But they decided that was a worse mistake society ever made But they had to make the mess of it Well we don't know what's going to happen But an interesting point Can I ask you a question? You may What the hell are you talking about? The what am I talking about? Yeah Well the worst thing that we've gotten Probably the best thing that we could have The plumbing system in the United States There you go Now we're talking about something I will say that boy the plumbing down here is the best Except of course in my backyard where I've that swamp Next to the city of plantation Oh god So you want to give me started on plumbing I've got a sumps plump out there I've got like a it's like swill It's horrendous Oh god Somebody's places are just not Oh god Just standing water I know when I was in service plumbing Ground is saturated now Because they dug this big canyon back there And they can't figure out why the water don't soak into it Oh god Or the ground either But San Francisco's got the worst plumbing in the world Oh I'm not touching that line sir You're not touching that one No Anyway I see plumbing becoming something In the future this going to be very creative Yeah I would say that households will be self sufficient There will be a grid beneath the house This is my opinion Okay But I have to be a lot of grid beneath the house If we can think about it I think it can be I think you may rhyme with that But I don't think it's grid Well listen it's been a real educational But we got to move along here Alright Have a great day Don't ever do it again Boy Boy 22 after one And WIOD As we build your confili Tension just building here Man you can cut it with your little toenail God it's just building up to that Now they're all about your naked babes out there And they're in a front parking lot You'll have to come by to see And by the way Don't worry about it Because this is the best neighborhood man It's If you're coming on 95 and you come east on 79 Street Don't be confused The fact that there are a bunch of illegal aliens Riding in the streets Don't worry about that Of the forest fires You see that's just a little gas up there on a Causeway And when a bridge is like up in here After you get through the railroad tracks It's like an obstacle course It's like Davy Road In Davy With the railroad tracks And if you don't make the railroad tracks You get the bridge Well it's the same way around 79 Street as you come across Biscayne you know First you get the railroad tracks Then of course that's after you get around The 75 big gold Whatever those vehicles are Carrying, slipping stuff behind them That's falling off that they just picked up out A dumpster all over the highway And you will fade that part of the obstacle course You get around the attracts And then you finally think Oh here it looks like clear sailing You get past Taco Bell there Not all of a sudden you get past floors And here's the bridges up in here Oh god I blew it Man And the bridge centers out there Haven't a meeting with the IOD Executives is how to get the bridge up Oh yeah And then boy Kirk comes out there With boy Gary and they have a big issue With the news department is now We're going to come with Gary Oh Oh Oh Oh 124 at WIOD Don't forget charcoals this weekend Is doing it again A lobster and shrimp special Come into any of the charcoals Locations get a half man lobster Stuffed With shrimp and crab meat Plus succulent shrimp scampy Rice peel off homemade soups And rolls on and trip to there Enormous salad bar All of this for the unbelievably low price Of just 1195 It's a way for you to introduce yourself To charcoals in the delicious food We did a remote over there Several months ago And I'm going to tell you People were just doing cartwheels The food is so good They give it gigantic portions So here's an inexpensive way To treat yourself to a sensational meal This weekend to charcoals Here it is again Here's the deal Half a main lobster stuff With shrimp and crab meat shrimp scampy Rice peel off homemade soups Roll salad bar Just 1195 It's unbeatable In candle you'll find charcoals At the ton of country Settargesties to the turnpuck It kindle drive In my amelachs just west of the Palmezzo At Northwest 154th Street And cross brings on saporotat 441 And in Lotharil On North University drive And commercial bull of our Don't miss it It's a fantastic deal It's the shrimp and lobster special This weekend at charcoals Three plain coverage Skyline over days Skyline two of us growers Hi three A pop off each county That's what it takes To cover celled Florida's highways Popped a bumper travel southbound Palmezzo I 75 down a 103rd street Also gonna find us late Well I can't even see where they're And they're angry and accident Northbound 95 is one of the airports You get the three right lanes One to late back as Griffin run Get five hours before And the economy is univision And the southbound On any kind of road You've got three to four to three To people drive the TV And towards your left hand side Two here Throughout the day And the容易's two For Skyline six ten traffic These are in three plain coverage From south Florida's news Traffic and weather station Newstalk Radio six time WIO day Six ten Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Five And Two Two Three Two Four Three Four Five Three I'm right away I'm a rainbow to burn My God, baby, sharing The fact of the struggle we do For some nice pop and the fun I'm never left I'll give you the fall first You give me your money For her And bring your rock hunt funny My backpack is a big white truck Where you can weigh your legs up Hot back baby The folks like the baby I'm sorry I couldn't hear you What do you want? Wait, let me just bend over here Back in There is no choice Sure, we have that Just come on around that I'll be having a surgery There is no choice What's that? On sale There is no choice No money Here, have it written Nothing, honey What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? It's Arizona, you know This is strictly bogus Hello Yeah, I'm really in Arizona No, you're not I am I'm in beautiful Scottsdale, Arizona Oh yeah? It's the worst You talk about my Amy being boring Deadly Deadly They're in anybody out there Under the age of 600 Only in spring training When the cubs are there is a little bit of excitement Oh man, it is dead Nail, we need you out here Nail Yeah, right Move out the Phoenix Now that's boring enough here Right now you got Larry King on talk net And you got the mother-old You're talking about a gun control And then there was one guy The other day talking about how they should Forget about the ERA And it's horrible over here It is really horrible over here So what are you doing there? I got transferred here with my job But are you so in other words, you're like there to stay? No, I think what I'll do Is I'm going to stay here for about a year Then hopefully I'll Hopefully I can get you Lower your brains out You'll do what? I'll get transferred out to LA Hopefully Hmm Because Well that's how better roses either All I want sure is how it beats Phoenix Well there's not, I mean the most exciting thing to do in this town It's like a rena couple of videos at night Because the town does close up at like 8.30 now If you speak Korean though, I think it'd be good to get to LA This is like all the orientals are in LA now They've taken over the whole city All the signs are in oriental And oh, Mexican's too And even the mountains are starting to have a new slang on them It's incredible What the hell is that gonna say? I don't know Uh You're the good thing about living out here though Is that I'm about an hour and a half or about an hour away from Vegas Right And what's wrong with that? You can go there every weekend Well I'm going near this weekend I'm making my first trip out there Sting at Caesars And we have LA about an hour away In fact that was there last week and here how it's turned Yeah And how's he doing? I'm gonna How it's how we're just talking about what's going on in Milwaukee Yeah And talking about how David Letterman won't have him on a year anymore Because he's jealous Yeah And that's how it you know the same old the same old stick What's going on in Miami anything exciting? Same old stick Same old stick Same old crap What's going on with your buddy Steve Kane? Same old crap Same old urine ladies Same old the contrived debate Same old garbage The last show I heard tried and drummed the poor But you deloft the air the same old the contrived Don't you know what? Now he's trying though Steve's trying to muscle him out Who who who who who do you want there in the morning now? Probably Lee Fowler one of his other personal pals Man and what about Norman Norman still there Norman's a great guy then belong on the air But he's still there still hanging on yeah And he got an earring now he's pushing up a little bit Norman's got an earring yeah Oh Any tissue put me at hold? I could just let sure no problem. I had less than good luck to you Thanks a lot you'll need it don't ever do this again though 132 at Wio D Let's try Western 80 I do okay first things first you know I forgot why I call them sitting here sitting and work doing nothing And I'm sitting on hold listening to you and I got this girl that works for me coming in Complaining mowing and I got to use the phone who's meill Rogers. So I have to call her douchebag Is that okay? Don't know what it is but it's moving okay? I have to call her douchebag. It's moving but listen the reason I called What's with Sid Fernandez that's that tick he comes back after Bum-ah, leave the guy alone okay You have a bum-ah, I'm too He's been looking as an athlete He's got an ass like he's got an ass like Vermont okay the man is enormous I watched a little bit of that game the other night It's I am tired of guys like anal her shies are in front of and something all these guys who can't even roll a ball up there You know just go on disability or something get out of here and stay away from the mowing to try to make way for somebody who's got You know something yeah, and I got I got Sean torme here Sit into my office too. I'm the earlier douchebag Sean torme torme Mel torme oh the guy the guy who called you Vince the one to talk about the Hooters woman So it's doing nothing. Hey listen you think that I from like one minute to the next you What you ever under the song and I loved it. I did why you wrote it this guy out what well why not? He's sitting in the office. He's a lazy brum. Yeah, I'm talking about everybody else And yeah, I have to know if to tell you though this isn't a shit me playing base sitting there with his hands in his pocket God knows knees and still hasn't found it. Yeah exactly desperate well Neil I got to get going What's his name his name is Vince Borga one job fence Take your Neil see you. Why did I say bunch up bunch up fence maybe you'll find something then 134 at Wild we do have an open line on the a Broward line at 524 Phoenix is great like a fenes rising from the ashes isn't that what they said Should we do Holly? What are should we I guess we'll do Holly with Wild Hello the Hollywood line yes sir. How are I? I'm doing fabulous. That's good. You know why right because it's almost two a clock on a Friday You're ready to get out of there four hours. I'll be at pop at a park just punching billions of dollars I'm a cymbal cast from the metal lands Neil I call the issue if you're still in your diet On my diet. I'm not on any diet. I'm just just hanging in there. I'm just hanging loose I got to tell you place to go when you're a base. I for great food. Yeah Face ID delie they got the great they got a delie and base sign yeah all American food and they have the Vienna hot dogs and who eats it People eat it the foreigners eat it oh yeah yeah about the food Great food yeah or you you had the Vienna hot dogs before right yeah of course Okay well they got them there great hand burgers And that meal well that sounds pretty exciting I'm gonna really be building up to a big one for that Thanks. Thank you That's it just keep giving me all this false sense of security for two weeks from today when we do our show at base I'm go there and bomb. Okay. Hey. Hey. Yeah. What? Hey, it's gonna be great. Well I draw some people out there believe me We'll give away like dates with Elaine at tours old nose and some really valuable stuff 135 a WIOD J Excuse me is that a bugle in your jeans? Why yes it is get in I Know flight of the bumblebee I don't know what it is but it's moving 20 till two at WIOD Miami hello I don't know okay Hey Yeah before I get started I just want to call my girlfriend Heather do speck okay all right 140 20 till two at WIOD that's number three number three Okay, whatever you say I'm just here here to agree especially a 20 till two We have an open line in day 7519463 751 WIOD and now let's see Riley's not coming into building Not coming in here. He's all set up out there. Is he here? Oh he's not here yet? He's not here yet You got to be kidding me Maybe he's gonna shine maybe he's gonna hot date today I think he's upset because I opened up that mail there's probably some personal letters in there Oh and there's the Ross who was up on a roof with Marvin and we hours of the morning we understand that's what we heard that's the rumor Huh I almost kill myself Oh nuts Let's go to coral geobals allow Are you doing it okay first time call her great? Hey listen I got a question for you. Yeah, yeah, they somebody was asking about they were telling you Actually about a book named boss of bosses and you were recommending a book that Something was father Since of the father since of the father yeah, because I couldn't remember name all that's the name Hey listen I saw my sisters weekend and Was I back I heard it was weak? Well, I mean it is an entertaining movie, but it's not like the golf father And I question one last thing. I think you're being kind The in the movie the grandfather that for example, I'm in Roth with my Irland's against stuff That was more green who was more green right Joy Reynolds yeah, but I mean Is he representing somebody in real life or something? I just told you What was it name? Joey Reynolds. Joey Reynolds. Yeah. Oh, look at that Okay, thank you everyone have a good one 142 you want to know we got the answers for even if we make it up we have an open line of day that's ringing as we speak Look at that boy the enthusiasm here today is just astonishing I bet you've got like a car a van of car On there way to that bikini thing Pembroke pine start FTO's management All right, listen in a Ron say John we usually can depend on him for the music and as I heard him yesterday Would something clear thing is he drinking again up there? Come on Ron come on get with it Good on a stick stick with the music Ron you can be the number 2 DJ a m Miami Beach Tamara Bill yes, how are you okay first time caller? Well, they're really a this last shot for the week boy. They're really squirted out of their system now Listen, I wanted to if you heard that cut that cart rather Yesterday that Ricken's uh such that just another day. No, wasn't that Ricken's such that Mitch Lewis did do you mean to want to Rick played about 45 times? Yeah, I was good. I was okay. I didn't I just he you know a different strokes for different folks Is people would say but I just wasn't blown away Mitch says a lot of great stuff but to me that wasn't you know Wasn't for me. Well, I just you know it's almost two o'clock and it's just another day and you know you wish it would end So I thought maybe he'd I don't know whether I wouldn't I wouldn't he played it 400 times I was funny. I'm sure they got it downstairs because they've taken all see they got a car machine out there for the show Because they're doing outside today. Oh So they call me out. You know that's a good excuse anyway. What is your favorite? I don't know you don't do request That's right, but you know that Mike Tyson carton got his history That long gone that was really good audience ruined it Mike Tyson's history I'm telling you it's gone the cart's gone we took it out. We're about case vacation That's in there that's in right where belongs. Yeah, have a great day 144 a WIO day boil boy we were doing the week has been fine started out a little bit Cycotic Monday and early Tuesday then it level off into just tremendous But now these last few minutes they just have to get it off their chest now the a twangers down there two by the way So that I had borrowed you might want to use that and I have a feeling you're probably want to use This Oh, geez, not my enough of the sucking plaque. Oh God what the hell are we gonna do now? How about stroking by clearance card right I think you want that outside. I think there be I think there be enough of that without the card Heat stroking that's a good one. It's about 122 in the shade in our parking lot by the way So bring your own here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah Hi, this is Scott from WKMI. Are you doing okay Scott? This is Mr. Laura. I just want to thank you for the Marlin's hat. I Don't give you any more. Oh, that's where I Laura said we I want one for Scott Yeah, so uh, and I said hey, it's good to have a suit of intellectual with the ball dog We hit were in a camp. That's a good idea It's a great hat. Yeah, it is it's a ferris. Okay So I just thought I'd give you a call and say thanks Well, it must be pretty boring over there. Listen to a Mozart bang on the old thing there, huh? No, actually I'm just a cruising back to the station trying to go out and drum up business, you know? Yeah, I know how that is. Yeah. That's what our guys are doing. Hey, I'm looking for some good accounting executive If anybody was why do you call the wrong place? I know what nobody for your state That's me not that Kenny Tobin. Oh, God now you're one my weekend Great life Scott See yeah, all right take it easy Well, here he is ladies in gentlemen. Oh, you look the part today. You're gonna be great out there He's all dressed up for the the prom Yeah, and you look like Mr. Picknik. Yeah, brought a big box of ants a huh and Here's your mail box. It's buzzing baby. Here's all the mail What's Ali told me when I want there it is. There's all I know what you're doing Well, I had it up because I know you're all gonna be pretty You know you get so crazy no, I'm not crazy I need to give you a little kick in a button motivate you now for what to get this thing rolling It's rolling now. Have you got that seven grand from a blockbuster yet? You heard that? Yeah, okay? I heard that my reaction was exactly the same as yours exactly like I'll like they said We will believe it. We'll see it Surprise So anyway, but you know we played back to tape. Yeah, and people said they knew him That's good enough for me. Oh, see if this is it so our total now is 14,000 Yeah, we're not we're not counting any do we have it in our hand if you don't know Marvin said what he was gonna do is jack it up to seven thousand which was 103 dollars which started a whole lot different than Oh, no, no, no, he said he said I could have had my accountant cut a check there seven thousand dollars He wouldn't make that big a deal for 103 bucks. No, that's like five tapes. Yeah, so it had to be seven thousand And if we talk about it, we'll give him like 15,000 worth of advertising and we'll come out of surveillance city jack it up. Yeah That's all this Hawaiian. That's been told Ross on the roof last night here at three o'clock this morning Do you know they were out there and to roof this morning Well, what is that more checks? No, this is from the Hawaiian tropic thing that I'm going to And that kid that called yesterday and said that That naked gun two and a half was good move. I think you misunderstood he said one he said two and a half was not a good movie No, he said hot shots was as good as naked gun one The other one is good. He didn't yay did not from what I heard I'm telling you he said it was I asked him to grade on a curve I said I think face would have a lot of her beat the good shot out of math towards such the only guy who likes it He likes to what a half. Oh, man. Well, he can relate because he is exactly It wasn't with activity There's this is a lot of things are what I bet you're I bet you're the NBS about this I am my cardboard truck nice. I saw Florida magazine was just like a thin cardboard like a sheet of paper Like you know, yeah somebody spit on the back made a little thicker, but this is that's a real feeling That's real cardboard. I'll even let's just squeeze it a little bit. That's kind of a little while I remind the folks did pop it Huh, it's got a little somebody creased it Because I know you have these framed all over your house Do we have is the new new times in the building it must be this Friday How come we here on one day? Yes, how can we haven't seen it of us be the awards thing And here we get single doubt and mention of this big Prestidious classy a piece of cardboard I don't know about it. I don't think it's the awards one Isn't probably wainted bad. Well, so this is like a pretty much What a funny way. Two years. I for a couple of hours. Don't pick up new times right Pompidote park is now it is final weekend of the summer mean fact. It's tonight in tomorrow. That's it That's it free parking free admission Great heart harness racing. Sommel cast from the metal ants tonight and then tomorrow of course We got the Hamiltonian during the daytime at the metal ants in a harness racing tomorrow But they will show non-wagering replays of Hamiltonian day from the metal ants tomorrow night the entire three million dollar Race card will be re-brug cast among others throughout the night tomorrow headline of course by the one point two million dollar Hamiltonian that's tomorrow and tomorrow also Features fifty cent night again with hot dog soft drinks and beer all price to just fifty cents a piece to mark horse closing night and on the track tomorrow Night the top two-year-old quarter horses now racing at the park will compete in the one hundred thousand dollar Poppino play land futurity So come on out post time is 730 tonight tomorrow night the last two nights Fatric and I will be there tonight. We are gonna boost that handle up man. We're gonna go set tonight And the handle to a pop at a park Easy to get there lots of fun and excitement and this is it this is our last plane to get even at pop at a park Three plane coverage Sky one over days This is valid A poppy county that's what it takes to cover cell Florida's highways Pumped a bumper travel southbound Pomettle i 75 down a 103rd street. I was gonna find it to late Well, I can't even continue with our injury accident. Nor found that he five in front of the airport You get the three right lanes blocked the lanes back past Griffin run get five hundred and four Lots of these county majoria This southbound odd any time a fruggy 40th street and people drive the feeding towards your left-hand side Two here throughout the day and these two force guy wants to extend traffic These are three play coverage from south-flop is news traffic and weather station news dog radio six time W i o d 150 do I wonder if the guy in Phoenix is still there Phoenix where would it help you are you somewhere else on beach you're in Palm Beach Well, do you never would have got on because we didn't put it on the thing there we thought the guy from Phoenix was I'm your what I'll really am from Phoenix, but you're in Palm Beach, well, that's fun. What? Small town in Phoenix because we used to have a guy a few minutes ago I know who was from Phoenix who was on a Palm Beach line Amazing coincident. No, he's from Palm Beach and was on the Phoenix line. That's correct. So what's the story? I have a jury panacolies fire report. Okay 153 a w i o d We have I'm gonna be given away. He's gonna give us the inside story These Hawaiian tropical deals. This is life for the state finals at the maria I want to be given the last day's finals one. He's the way today for donations for the Miss Hawaiian tropical For all these seething people that are gonna be coming by today. This is the parkers. This will be like a guy that called You're like 16 times today. Call me a fan slob. He's here. This is covering his ass because he's probably one of the guys He used to sit in Alex, Alex, Ben and studio audience. So his fat porkers. Yeah, he used to sit with their Police can get back guys. He's never a lot of them. So he needed a lot of them. So we're also doing auditions for porkeys five today With all the yohoreny guys that come hang out. Yeah, whatever happen to more porkeys movies We got to get that live studio audience. Yeah, again. You're gonna work on them this afternoon So anyway, we're gonna be given those away for donations and what else of the prestige car wash people which I stopped by and picked up those coupons Not mailed them to me You ever go to prestige car watch on car watch. I go. I go there all the time. I'm watching seriously It's a grist like eight bucks and it's great. I don't know. I'm not gonna say anything. Well, not for you Yeah, not for your bet. I've had a nine eleven. No, I take the the I used to take when I had another car. He's taken there But it's great. It's a great car wash. I'm trying to say and they sent me like ten coupons 150 dollars were so well auction off those today. We're just we're gonna sell a house. We're gonna sell everything We have snap. Damn it. I wish that guy would have brought a bunch of snap. These people are gonna be dying for thirst We could have sold those at $50 a bottle Little courts in them like fine champagne Keep your hands off my goddamn snap. I've never had a bottle good. That's what we're nearly some waiting to be offered Long wait huh 154 is that it because you seem like and there's big cherry but I are great from what you are white cherries Bing cherries you're right Bing cherries They're not white they are white they're called white white white sunny as the label says white cherry Well, what the hell does he know? Well, he's got white hair. He's referring to something else up on a boulevard. Oh, okay Oh, and he's lying there wasn't a little arrow pointing that way lying on both count got it all right I got it. I'm sorry. These are incredible. Carl spring really 12 dollars a pound. Oh, speak to me No, yeah, are you doing okay? Um I want to call to ask you about um if you're gonna be a pop-roader now. Yeah All right, turn away and meet you. No. No Well, how much money is it got? Yeah, how much you got? I got enough Okay, slip it out of the door and the cat after you're there. Okay, put in a big brown envelope. It'll be there six here Let's go to a higher lea hello High-lea hi hi hi You're all right? Hi, whoever you are Oh hi, so what is it? Rock Rock says I was like she'd be great in a bathing suit. We're given away 18 bathing suits too for the first time you coming in a bathing suit rock Sam yeah, what a rephrase that? I'm your first time caller well, that's great rock, Sam. I love your show I like listening to it now. Well, that's great. Good thing you like just looking at it now you even listen to it. Yeah, boy I was wondering how can I get some creeps we can't so take it for what anything? You're gonna be there on the sick of August. I'm gonna be weird. Based on yeah, are you are you gonna be a basic? Because you sound kind of like a base side lady. Yeah, huh? What's how much you take it for what? Any tickets while we'll just bring some old tickets. I got some old cup tickets from last June No, I don't want those. Yeah, we'll bring us some tickets. All right, okay, okay Don't disappoint me not all the time. Okay, tell all your friends to be there, okay? Okay, not see Okay, she knows how you gave him something and it just like made him go away. Yeah I gave Johnny dark that big called her a thing that big uh carrying sack or whatever that is That they're given away to the first 10,000 people who show up this Sunday with full-paid admission That's a big sack. Yes, and if you could fill that sucker up with money that you want near boy You never have to come back. What did I do with just putting a shirt in there because that's about all he owns He's gonna hop into it. Okay, because that's a big sack. Yeah, so he'll fit right in there Boy, is he a sack? I can do a serious like it in the whole four hours. What you notice? I mean nobody would take that thing I made some nice for free and all of that but it's pretty it's pretty it's been a radio for a Yeah, you're all a strong I can use it. I can use it for free. I can use it. He'll sell it here my dog left There's all I can use it put in the bag. I'll take it home. I'll find something to do with it. Yeah, I bet Mike from pop and o park No, not Mike Finkelson. Yeah, he's we were doing so great. I was having such a good time and Michael had a call with some propaganda because his dad's out of town I see when your dad goes out of town. That's when he start with his abword behavior again Mike Who's a man? We're Tonyan. I don't have any idea. Nobody knows. No So we have we're gonna find out on TV. It's gonna be on tomorrow. It'll be on TV and then you're gonna have it on a replays tomorrow I did pop it up our closing night. I just got through saying that I went through a big song to dance Yeah, but we can't bet on it. Well, that's a no actually what we're gonna do is we're gonna pretend that it's live and we'll just always form our own pool That's all good. We'll help the handle. Yeah, okay Hope to see you tomorrow night. Tonight. Now. I'm not gonna be there tonight. Oh, tonight. Okay. Oh, so I'm gonna hold a bunch of people Come and buy uh it's gonna be great. We're gonna have a j-we're gonna record breaking handle tonight. Okay, we can use it. Okay. All right Bye, Mike Uh, Miami Lakes. Hey, Neil our last call of the week. It better be great. It's gonna be really good. Okay. I bet you remember me Dino Dino from winter of donuts. No, no, how can you say that? Do you're not the guy from winter's dome? Yes, I know you're not know you're not why not because you just don't sound like the guy from winter I've grown old. I'm mature. You've grown up. No, you're not the guy from winter's don't us Well, that's not the point me. I got a problem. Yeah, I know that What is our real problem man? I'm gonna get you on the bum rat now because of this I got a slightly resemblance of pv Herman do you? Yeah, yes my hair cut and everything It's just a where I go they tell me oh he's got out of jail or something. Yeah, well, there's one way to prove it pal How can I prove it trust me? Well, I don't know Was it a private club he was in her a Private club The atercer right right So there's no way he could have done that fantasy five to himself now Great I don't know you think they have any Consilled camera. How tell you what listen? We'll see at the pussycat about eight three night, okay? Oh come on Bring the trench coat. Okay, listen. That's gonna do it for us. It's been an incredible week. God. It's been great And we got Rick and Spon other uh, this is a little ringer here the first hour They're gonna be in here the studio because it's hot as hell outside and you know Hey, you know two to six red they're not gonna do that for you guys They just want to wait till all of naked babes get out there So anyway, come on by and bring lots of money Jim managed and his guest Jim Nance from CBS Sports on Sports Talk tonight at 605 And Hank Goldberg another one of those can't tape shows that we love because the prices right eight to eleven tonight This is out Florida's news traffic and weather station News talk radio 10 W I O D my army board water bail in the Palm Beach is