Yeah, it's okay for us to do this, but we don't want to corrupt the dignity of the people out there in the audience. You have to be a professional to do this. There's a way to do it. Yeah, yeah, like that. The 11th pass noon at W.I.D. Boy, I can't stop eating, see, because they said we want you to taste a little bit of everything we've got. The country fried steak was phenomenal. I had a lot of that. Corn fritters, honest and good. This is a special report from NBC's Life and News. Now, from Washington, here's Tom Brochill. This is Tom Brochill, live from the 4th of the Senate. Although President Bush continues to seek a report for David Souter, he is not on either the Supreme Court. Senate Democrats are suggesting an alternative candidate, Andrew Dice-Play. While it's believed that the Diceman's views on freedom of speech will appeal to liberals, his views on women's issues should also appear as conservatives, as Dice himself told the earlier. This tick name, San Dr. Dayo Kanna, said, Mr. Clay, please come here on. I said, look here, you bitch. I don't give to you. Now, how's up, but wait, hop in the sun. This is Tom Brochill. More or later on the NBC Slight My News. What was that like about a pig's knuckles? What were you talking about, Cheryl? It's 1125, a WIOD. Look at that phone, boy. This has been a bizarre day, hasn't it? What? Old Bulldogs feed. I'm sorry. Well, I've never seen anybody who had fingernails like a Bulldogs feed, but that is kind of interesting. Something does conjure up all kinds of wild images. Anyway, and then a chicken neck, that's kind of interesting too. Well, maybe they can do like a package deal. We have an open line in Broward, 524WIOD, one on the Starlight. Like I started to say before Cheryl interrupted me. Um, what the hell is going on? Really strange day. Set down and every line was lit. We started out with Gladys and the Ten of Clock Hour was just incredible. She just wouldn't get there off the phone with a bunch of terminal depressing, geriatric stuff. And it's either feast or famine today. It's really bizarre. Star IOD. Yeah, so I'm like talking to Neil. Speaking. Neil. Yeah. I'm going to drive my horses, no skin. Okay, do you want to come along? No. Oh, it's fun. Back at you. Oh, it's been low. Okay. 26 after 11 at WIOD. Don't start calling here, rag it on Rick Riley. The days going on vacation wait till Monday. Won't be here to defend himself. But Chuck Mirol be her Monday Tuesday and Wednesday filling in filling the gap for Rick and Puts and Hank Goldberg will be around Thursday and Friday and he's not too excited about it. Anyway, I'm going to sit and wait until we get all those lines lit. Okay. There's three still open one in day where we're getting line checkers over and over again and two in Broward. When we get them all set, well, you're all ready to go with a full board of calls and a bunch of enthusiasm and then we'll be ready to do a show. Okay. That's just the way it's going to be. Okay. I don't want to start playing but you're host. Because that would certainly be out of character. Anyway, that's pretty exciting if we've really sold 61,000 tickets for those two games. If that is really true and it came right from the horses nose. So that is incredible. Wow. Where'd be something if we packed the place both games? Let's go to a pay phone and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, yeah. Let me sit again. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. It sounds like an iPhone. Yeah. My phone is your phone. I'm sorry, Tom Corre. Okay. I never told people for so now I'm sorry. I tell those papers. I'm a traffic. B.A. You want? Tell these papers. Out in the traffic? Yeah. You see the street vendors in Fort Lauderdale? Yeah. That's right. You're one of those guys. Most of those guys are pretty weird. I always say. Right. Yeah. We have to go some kind of a weird test before they let you do that. Really strange. Everybody think that everybody's out on work release. Yeah. They look like anx murderer is most of them. Of course I'm sure you're an exception. Please sound like one. I just enjoy your show. I'll listen to you every day. Well, you're one hell of a guy. I'll tell you that. Hey, if I work at her. Do you ever have anybody try to run you over out there? Oh yeah. All the time. Good. Well, probably keeps you busy. Keep you in good shape. If you're on, yeah. Does keep you in good shape. When I come down 7th Avenue in a morning, good to work, I always try and run over as many of those. A Harold people as I can. I don't know where I'll go. Well, I know that. But I'm saying anyway, would sell the Harold deserves to get flat. Exactly. Exactly. Okay. Well, how was it so far? Was it okay? Yeah. Great. Have a great day. Okay. Okay. Good job. 28 after 11 at WIOD. We still have two open lines in Broward. Boy, Alice must have the proctorologist or something to go on today. Because we're just dying in Broward. We just can't get arrested in Broward. 5, 2, 4. W, I. O, D. I think we're going a little bit too fast. Maybe all the people in Broward County are trying to act as personal escorts for the French Canadians. But time for them to go home. Wouldn't that be great? Boy, they are really hearing masses now in droves. Everywhere I go, just loads of those Quebec plates. Just billions, even on 5.95, there should be a law that they're not permitted on 5.95. Can we put up like a big sign? It says no frogs. In fact, that could be a new international symbol. A circle, a red circle with a slash, with a frog behind it. I think they get the message. Boynt and beach. Hey, Neil, I'm finally on, huh? Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Hey, listen for all the satellite view is up there. Yes. I just want to tell them on T2, 21, 22, 23, and 24. You can catch all the NCAA action. Unscramble. Unscramble. That's the CBS satellite. Right. Mostly out. And hey, how about the Chicago Cup this year? Is the Jerber going to win you up? Well, I'm going to do it, sir. You think so? How about the red socks? How about the red socks? Well, we'll be back in that choke battle again in the American League. You're right down the last couple of days. You choke first. Like those Syracuse arrangement, did last night. That's right. They're the best. You picked a great one. Yeah. Well, at least there's no tension. Okay. We got another way right off the bed. Now we got Michigan State going to the day, sir. Look out for those Spartans. Yes, call. Call Ginto, a douche bag, and tell my wife I love her. Okay. See you later. Okay. He called his wife a douche bag until Ginto. He loves it. It's 1130 a WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 524. I owed whatever it is. You know what they're like? Why do I keep even bothering with it? You know what they're like? It is by now right after all these years. You know exactly what it is. You just like to make the people on the year work and work and work for those harder and poultry few dollars that we eat out. And George is very, very hostally said, they just gave me the check that I was short in my paycheck yesterday. He said the amount they shorted you yesterday is more than my entire paycheck. And I'm pretty damn pissed off about it. And just to show how upset he is about it. He's been on that phone all day today. Since they got that new headset, we got a new deal going. He's doing his own show in there. Just like somebody that, what's her name in Kendall Loves? What's her name? Bobby and Sandy. Sandy. Well, I forgot I got a metal block after that embarrassing call yesterday. I'm beginning to, I don't want to jump to conclusions because up till now she's been wonderful. But I'm beginning to believe that she's kind of like an overbearing pushy bitch. Is that possible? You get that feeling? A domineering bitch. Sandy, I could be wrong. I'm not saying you are. I said I'm beginning to get the feeling that you are. And if you are, and not only that, but anybody that's married to Bobby, any guy that looks like that and has got this big thing for Marvin. You need an eye doctor immediately, Sandy, okay? An addition to which Marvin is Jewish, so don't count on too much. Miami Beach. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. First time caller, long time listener. Great. About three or four weeks ago doing the 100 hour war. Yon Foller from FIU called you and he was apologizing for the protesters out front. He was embarrassed by it. Asking now on the recruiters from the big businesses come around next month. How many of those same ones are in line to go to work for? Would you play the asshole record for us? Well, that's, that's it. The top of the list, every day it's all anybody wants to hear. You want to dedicate it to that particular caller I'm sure. To my boss. Oh, do you want your bond? Okay, good luck in your new job sir. Thank you and I really enjoy your program. Thank you. So 1132 at WIOD. Let's go surfing now. Everybody's learning how come when I'm so far away with me. I don't understand it. What's wrong with you people? Don't you want to face reality? Mike love of the Beach Boys is 50 years old today. I mean, I understand that's depressing. It's almost impossible for us to accept that. 50 years old today as I speak as of this stinking moment. Oh, the crep of decaying rotting. Festoring. There. I probably like all kinds of lint here all over his body. I don't know what I think he had that when he was younger too. He's got a bishmotsu looking guy anyway. It's 1132 at WIOD. We have an open line in date, 751 and 1 and Broward, 524 very, very strange explosive friday here. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I said a very... I'm confident. What? I am now in confidence. Well, that's not that big of a video. That's 15 minutes. I gotta tell you, you know, the people selling the newspapers. Yeah. On the corner of 60 seconds street in 31st Avenue. Yeah. Girl, that's a knockout. I don't know where they got her. The other thing I want to talk to you about is the joy but candy, sent you mentioned? Yes, sir. You gotta go to the bulk food places. To where? The bulk food places, you know, the places that sell you, you know, three, four pieces at a time. You can get a nice variety. Some orange gels, some raspberry, some rippings. Oh, but the raspberry, the raspberry are the best. Oh, that's pretty. I've been eating them for 20 or 30 years. I look what it did for you. I just celebrated my 50th last month. Wow. I left the 40th, printed at a 50th. That's so terrible, Bill. Christ. Michael O'Brien. He's joined Michael O'Brien. Okay. Have a good one. And love you, shall. Thank you. Thank you. It's 11.34 at 6.10. W.Y.O.J. Happy birthday, Mike. Well, he's been building up the sign of his forego. Oh, hi. Anyway. Boy, you know, so he's hanging around many days nervous. He's real nervous because he knows he's going to get that big assignment on Saturday, on that weekend magazine show. I wear like a lot of heavy underclothing on that morning. We have an open line in Dave County, 7519463, and one on the star line at star, I.O.D. And if you really want to hit it off big, if you want to get up on a right track, I would like bleach dye your hair like bleach pline, like my cloth, man. You'd be on the inside looking out. It's 26 till noon at W.O.D. will be right back. 11.38 since we have so many dedication today. Here's Mark Hibnick and Tom Dennerberg's favorite song. Happy birthday, Mike. Mike, I'll have 50 years old today. That's depressing. That is just, oh, man. Everybody like when Michael Jackson is 65, can you imagine that? And all is going to be left is like a little puddle of plastic. Only the complexion, the only the tone, the flesh tone or the plastic, you'll be able to know whether it's Michael Jackson or Ken DeBriddo from our sales department. Anyway, it's 21 till noon at W.O.D. let's go to North Miami. That's plastic, man. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. Hey, you're on. Okay. Anyway, I have a problem here. I'll bet. I want to go see this Yankee game on this Saturday night. And the family's having a fader that night. Yeah, I'll screw them. What do I do about that? Get them all drunk and leave the house. Well, they should be good and drunk by that time. Neo, the game starts at... Go on Sunday, how's that? Well, I'll definitely go on the Sunday walls. I'm gonna go to that. And... How could they do that? Put it on the sader. Yeah, ask them. Two open lines, one in date, one in Broward, seven, five one. He's one of the most boring people I've ever spoken to. He's got just... he's a good guy. But he just got that boring sound. You know? And we have an open line in Broward, five two four nine four six three five two four. Wiod did. Don't forget tomorrow morning, Chuck Meyer, and that big weekend magazine show, Dead of Relive, we got Arthur Maria at this week. I may make it this week too if I have like one more or those little chocolates I think I'll make it. Dear field. Neo, it's that time again when we need your all floored at Derby Pick. I plunged last year on your pick. Row and elk and I'm still living in Derfield. Yeah, fly so free at about two to five sir. What about Jackie Wacky? No chance. Shoot a by a green sheet. What does that mean? Could you buy a green sheet? Do you have like a putty? Oh, a shirt on? Should you put on socks? Aren't you? Don't you people have a mind of your own? Do they help? The green sheet is great. Okay. I'm serious. The green sheet is excellent. Okay. You always buy those when you go to Pompino? No, not when I go to Pompino, I get it for free. So when I go to the Thurabreds, I always buy the green sheet. Believe me, it's the best racing sheet I've ever seen. Okay. Not exaggerating, it's very good. And a lot of times they'll have things in there about a horse that was blocked to last racer. Some little thing that you won't see in the racing for. But they will have seen it in a green sheet. Believe me, a lot of winners in there. Okay. So fly so free and nice. Well, I mean, anybody can give you a fly so free. But everybody says he's unbeatable. But they still have to run the race. If I was there, which I will not be. But I will not be. I don't go on Florida Durbinates. Two damn crowded. Like a circus. It's a madhouse. That's what makes the fun. Okay. Boy, it goes. Who liked drowning in a sea of blue hair? Have a great time. Good luck to you, pal. Bye. On your guts. It's 1141 at Wiodine. Of course, we will be covering the Florida Durbin tomorrow with a blanket here on Wiodine. 430 to 7 right after the Yankee game. We'll have a hankleby out there. Jeff can't see the forest for the trees will be there. With this usual goyer's shirt routine, it's going to be great. And we'll have the race for you in the whole bit. And it will not be locally televised because Mr. Don said so. We have an open line in Brower. Did I say that? Boy, you can't say it enough. 5249463 West Boca. Yeah. Yeah. I told you yesterday. I wanted to clarify the ticket sale. Information of the first gear earlier. Yeah. I told from you, Jerob. It's a bit differently sold 35,000 for both teams that were paid for. And it's 6,000 and our paid for. You're way of an away man total? Total. Well, 35,000 has the application of 35,000. Total. Right. Yeah. And it was 6,000. So that would be 41,000. Right. So a little bit of the fact that I was told 61,000. Yeah. Now let's see. The paper the other day said 20 and 15 that would be 35, which I guess would be right if they were counting paid for. Now what did you talk to them? That we thought man together. Today? Yep. And they said 35 to 41,000. Well, that stinks. That's a lot different. So they're pretty clear. Well, and Hank came in the other day too. And he said they're going to have like 40 to 50,000 on Saturday and 30 to 40 on Sunday. So you get all these different stories. I don't know. Hey, I'm going to tell you if we don't have big crowds here both days. This is a horseman or town. We do not deserve a team. I'm serious about that. No excuses. I just want to tell you that. Okay. Correct. Thanks for the pressing news sir. All right. Okay. Well, at least he's honest. Okay. I mean, Mike Disney stuck his little head in the door here before. And he said they was just over there in the stadium looks great. I mean, we are after all your dolphin station, at least as of this moment. And, you know, if anybody should know what's going on over there, we should know. Okay. You think we ought to call a fudge brown? George. Yeah, let's give old fudge a call, huh? Fudge a call. Where do I have to call? Oh, man. Anybody with the name like that? She deserves to get call. I don't have the thing in here anymore, do I? I think I threw that other sheet away since we got to new one? Yeah, do me something useful. Where do you manage to just sing there like a bump on a log? Yeah, let's get the number and talk directly to old fudge and see what's really going on over there. Because there's a big disparity between 35 and 61,000, right? So let's not just sit here and start spouting off a bunch of numbers because, you know, people are spreading rumors, all right? Because I don't, I really don't think anybody is at this moment to be very frank with you. I don't think anybody knows what their hell is going on. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. We have an open line in date County, 751Wild. Here's a call in Hollywood. Hello. Hey, to the beach board, Chuck. Okay. Thanks a lot, Jim. Jim Morrison calling in from Paris. And CBS morning news again this morning. I'm telling you, if somebody over there doesn't have a piece of the action or must be going out with Oliver Stone or something, I have never seen any movie. Hiked so much on one show. Every day this week, they've had a big song in the dance, the music and Oliver Stone and this one and that one. And the Val Comer and Valine from Not Slantic. They're just obsessed with that stinkin movie. They're going nuts over it on that show. I wish there was something else to watch in the morning because I'm getting sick of that show. I liked it a lot for a long time. Then the war came along and they did a good job on that. But when the worst started, they had Harry Smith and Pauline Pallazon doing the news. Which I thought was kind of strange because they were on that news set. Now I guess they figured they're going to save some money. They have them doing news every day at the top of the bottom of the hour. I don't like that. I think that is so... It would be like my doing the news at the top of the hour. Instead of Elaine. Something to think about is not to be a lot shorter beyond time. I don't like that. I think that is really just a crappy, it's like bargain basement. Like FW Woolworths of the morning shows. And of course the CBI, I mean the ABC show. That guy is like so plastic and so annoying. And NBC, it's either Joe Dodgeola or Brian Gumball. I mean, who the hell wants to wake up with either one of those? Joe Dodgeola. Well, he got him. He got him. There's everything that is wrong with this entire country. He's right there and the Rajiola's face. He is so borderline literate and so dumb and so embarrassing and just a bumbling goofball. And he's sitting there with those glasses on. Trying to look like Mr. intellect. Give me a break will you Joe? He got him. Anyway, it's 1146 at WIOD. Tomorrow's the day that you've been waiting for. It's the 40th anniversary of the big $500,000. Great one Florida Derby, the greatest show on turf. And all the goodies started 930 in a morning when the gates open and they've got it all. The FSU flying circus, the US equestrian team. They got that petting circus for the kids. And the St. Thomas Aquinas High School band Tony Curtis will be there with those stupid sunglasses. It's going to be incredible. And of course tomorrow you'll be able to see the deputy minister handy camp for three rolls and up at seven for longs with Housebuster the champion Sprinter of last year and on bridled the Derby winner and last year's Florida Derby winner. And three other stakes to the $75,000 at swell stakes for three rolls at seven for longs. The $50,000 at a buck or multi-candy camp for three rolls and up fillies and mirrors at a mile and a sixteenth on the grass. And the $50,000 noble dancer handy camp for three rolls up and up at a mile and a half on the turf. So tremendous racing and lots of fun and activities for the whole family. Don't forget there will be 10,000 unresearched seats available. First come first serve. And the absolute free so get there early as I said gates open at 930 and special early first post time 1215. Big day Florida Derby day. Let's see if fly so free is really going to be the champion we all think he is. Get out there tomorrow kids 1800 minute free with an adult. It's the Florida Derby at the home of the greatest third but racing in the history of mankind. Gulfstream see you there tomorrow right Hank. News 24 hours a day. The station 610 WIOD. The reporters and anchors and rebarrow and account Stephanie Braumfield Kevin Courtney a Lane at Tor Robert Bankow Jennifer Ramm and Chuck Meyer the rich sources the associated Friends the Florida radio network united breath international and the mutual radio network news 24 hours a day south Florida's news traffic and weather station new talk radio 610 WIODs It's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the street see them on the sidewalk Oh hear them shut up and see that's 20,000 asshole in an asshole from the native Stepping fine good people in the asshole's parade We got the asshole freedom That's old for mine. The asshole for Jesus. The asshole for gun. The asshole for justice. The asshole for crime. The asshole for asshole. The asshole for all guns. We got folks makin' money. We're makin' all the rules. Takin' all our jobs, There's a feeling of five to two. The asshole's on the water. I told them to sky You might have to set their up wanted Only half told me to fly So if each you want to tell me I really made a rage My head and my flesh And I just another half Hold on to rage One of them didn't very must Parts were enough for the red Fades contain Matthew is getting orders And I saw a broken boat I saw a little lettuce Cause that's all kids are closed I want to hurt it's good I know that's all I've ever died But it's been a long time I've thought it was a morning I thought it was a night I thought it was a last night And I saw it to the right But 20,000 asshole And I saw a cramadate And I just kept inside Good people in the apple of the rain And I just put it in the rain And I just put it in the rain And I just put it in the rain And I just put it in the rain And I just put it in the rain And I just put it in the rain Okay, it's long 53 let's see if this works Manny has gotten me a number Which is probably some kind of a... Date line or something Probably it's one of Dave Riders lines Okay, let's see if old fudge is there And there's my lunch from Los Sunnis I just see the gentleman with a bag Let's get the story right from the Horses mouth Thank you sir Hi, Fudge Brown, please Sure Thank you sir Thank you, sunny, sunny is here with little lux Which I think what I'm going to do is take a pill now Would be a good idea Don't you have to that chocolate Before I eat that before I dive into my lunch Anyway, we're trying to check out and see what's really Randy Martin was just in here briefly, thank goodness And was just over to Stating by and her tickets for the baseball game She said there was a there were long lines And there were lots of people she said Evidently the corporate folks What's the matter you don't approve of my lunch? Well too bad, okay? Keep your nose out of my lunch He was saying the corporate folks are evidently buying up Not because a lot of people were leaving with big stacks Things are going tremendously well Fudge, we need you on the phone, okay? I'm on hold now on a radio show, this is embarrassing Five minutes till noon at WID, what the hell do we do now? We could give another plug I hope you? Hi Fudge, it's Neil Rogers at WID Hi, how are you? Okay, we're on the air, of course And I'm just calling you an update Because we have so many conflicting stories about the ticket sales We figure we go right to the Horses nose Can I give me a hard time again? I heard terrible stories from the next few days after I called These people and you have to know that's a humor come on All right, well, now things are going great out here right now That's good and partly because we're promoting the hell out of it That's certainly true So that's worth giving you a hard time isn't it? Absolutely, I'll just bar it up for the company Right exactly, so like you have any idea what number we got I know what we're gearing towards, I mean we're trying to get 40,000 here For Saturday night and about 35,000 for Sunday afternoon You mean advanced? No, we're trying to have that here Oh total Yeah, I mean obviously we'd love to sell the game out But that's what we're gearing towards realistically Okay, now what do we have now? Well, I don't have a specific thing Well, ballpark, you mean we're in 40,000 either way Yeah, we can take 40,000 Right, you know we're doing well We're you know we're over the halfway mark And we're pretty happy with where our sales are right now But you let's just say It could be better Yeah, and we've got two weeks Really kind of show the national league what's Miami and that's one What is wrong with this town? What do you think they as soon as we found out that we were going to have a real good shot at a franchise and people realized how important these two games were Wouldn't you have thought that they would be like sold out within two days? Well, hoped You have to really think about what you know When we first put tickets on sale It was back in January And right now people are just starting to get into the spring training Feaver of things and baseball starting to show up in the paper Every day in their tracking by London And I think now in the next two weeks You're going to really see it, you know, jumping out of so I sure hope so because I'm just going to flagulate them until they Until somebody drags them down there and makes them buy Well, that's all fair enough We definitely appreciate this support Because, you know, I'd love to see baseball here And I think all of South Florida would be nothing but a positive move for South Florida Okay, well, listen, we're just going to keep banging away Well, feel free to give me a call any time you need it Okay, we'll call you in about a week for an update Let's hope that's helpful about three quarters of the way there in about a week Okay, all right, tuck yourself. Thanks. Take care Okay, that's the word right from the horses toenails folks In other words, it's about what we said before I think the guy was on target That Disney boy, where does he get his information? Huh? Boy 61,000. He's in a he's in Lala land I mean, she wouldn't give me a number, but I think it was about right about 2015 And about six that are not paid for but bought a ledge So that would be about 41 That's about right probably like about 22 and 24 and 17, something like that Week really, week get the hell with it Will you folks man you people are brood, oh, gee, it's Passover It's pretty sad, Easter what a you got an excuse for everything Okay, bring a bunch of monsters and Easter eggs to the stadium and cut the crap already Will ya? We got a pig report on seven hello Yeah, yeah, okay, this is my just on grass box check yourself Check yourself, yeah, there's five of them and they're checking cars Check and what? I don't know, there's stopping people and looking inside the car Hmm, hmm, so I mean I have a feeling based other things I'm hearing last few days of what's going on in California I have a feeling the good stopo is about to take over Yes, hi, how a healer. Yeah, you know, I was driving, well, I was getting off it right And the saw grass too, yeah, and as I was coming on, I was with the heck and they were stopping cars And it was like six cars backed up and it says as the time sunrise just you get off the saw grass These are the gold, you know, either the gold north or south Right, and in other words, there's nowhere else you can go there No, you know, and if you're going on there and you are hiding something Don't go that way because they're there today Okay, all you drug peddlers avoid the saw grass sunrise Basically avoid that. Hey, I'm going to be checking out Godfather 3 this weekend Okay, and I'm going to give you the old report and One day, okay, and you know what? Yeah I was in the far the other night and the two Iraq girls came in and To incoming studs. Yeah, hi, see you. Okay, boy. Oh boy. What material? Can that be felt sir? We have an open line at Broward 5249463 The lovely Elaine Heter is here now with her beautiful fingernails And oh, you left one off there. We'll take a look at that and then we'll come back at 1205 We've got two live Jews with Rick and Spud on their pre vacation show from 2 to 6 Jeff to forest on sports talk at 605 Hank Goldberg with a big Florida Derby preview way to 11 tonight South Florida news traffic and weather station News talk ready O6 10 WIOD Miami Ford Latterdale Good afternoon. I'm Elaine Heter and the 610 WIOD news center The news brought to you by Benjamin Moore paint the temperature 12 o'clock is 77 degrees Here's WIOD's Bob Soapers. The continual round 80 degrees with diminishing showers and more sunshine I'll have a complete forecast in a couple of minutes. Authorities in Miami say 43 people including an alleged leader of the Collead Drug Cartel are named in a sweeping indictment announced today WIOD's Robert Pancow is standing by live now with details. Robert Elaine the indictment includes 43 defendants from Miami, New York and Los Angeles Allegeing they laundered more than $65 million a year in drug profits US attorney Dexter Laten says this indictment includes the head of the Collead Drug Cartel Gilberto Rodriguez or a whale. The three indictments Constity A. Who's who are federal reserves of the Collead Drug Cartel The Collead Drug Cartel is a black buscoer sort of speak of Non-yondering indictment particularly against the Cali Cartel Two and a half million dollars and more than 2000 kilos of cocaine We're seized during this operation so far 12 people have been taking into custody They all face 10 years to life in prison if convicted Reporting live from downtown Miami Robert Pancow New stock radio 610 WIOD Thank you Robert at top officer in the Paraguay and Air Force will be Arrangement today on charges that he smuggled more than $100,000 in Counterfeit money into South Florida and tried to obtain a pistol equipped with The Silence Sir for a murder in Paraguay. 47 year old Carlos The brother of Paraguay is consul in New York was indicted on Tuesday By a federal grand jury in Fort Lauderdale Three-fouth Florida men were also named in the 10 count indictment Which also includes allegations of marijuana and cocaine trafficking Brigadier General Richard Neal says the US military isn't trying to force Saddam Hussein to sign a peace treaty today's Los Angeles Times As US troops are retaking parts of southern Iraq to pressure Saddam But Neal says they're merely maintaining a ground presence A largest contingent of civilian aircraft technicians who spent time in the Persian Gulf during the war arrived home today It's Grenichair services in Miami WIOD's Jennifer Ram was at their arrival and joins us live now with The Tales Jennifer LA they've earned the title Scott Buster's 15 Miami based civilian aircraft Technicians who spent 65 days voluntarily in the Persian Gulf Providing their maintenance and service expertise The high tag radar air force planes during operation desert storm Aircraft technician and team leader George Morales says Sometimes working in the war zone was pretty tough Every little bit game will carry when you heard them The alarm to last, the comical warfare gear came on And you kind of took cover But we went on a picture and we cut it on the quality of American products that are built And it worked every time A Rally's brought back pieces of the Scott that came down right near their central Saudi Saudi Arabia and date He along with his colleagues returned to a hero's welcome with a color garden And banned and more than 100 family members and friends here at Miami International Airport Reporting live at Miami International Airport Jennifer Ram New talk radio 610 WIOD New talk radio 610 WIOD presents the Neil Roger show To get in touch and talk with Neil Dial 751 WIOD from day in Broward is 524 WIOD On beat 655 WIOD and bell-top mobility customers Make it a free call by dialing star IOD The opinions expressed by the guest host of callers are not necessarily those of the station Now here's Neil Roger's on New talk radio 610 WIOD Another hit in the mall Oh my god, it's just a hit Another hit in the mall Because it's citrus in its high concentrated sugar Okay, any other questions? We have an open line in date county 751 WIOD I'm telling you this place, there are more bans he's running around here today It's like a nuthouse Like most of the time Now is that pig report is that a new one? Another one on the Sterline hello Oh yeah Yeah How you doing today? Okay Anyway I had a television accident last night Yeah A channel line there you have this real strange weatherman he's great He's great You have John Lens Lloyd Lindsay something Right anyway, any last night there was another guy on there a younger man And he actually acted exactly like the other guy Yeah, but his coat was so big that it was hanging down with some And his phone office shows him what they're doing What? He's one His coat is Jack it was so large I'm didn't fit him And he's acting just like the other guy it was just comical Yeah Is that the pig report? I didn't say I was given a pig report I don't know where he got that George is on a phone today he's in another world Oh okay, well I'm sorry I was misrepresented Okay, sorry Wait a minute, what was what I just hearing a background That's a friend of mine sitting next to me and there's a vehicle here Uh-huh is that what I heard? No, he was just laughing he was like the stick to you Is that okay? Sure All right Hi Neil Yeah I doing okay First I'm caller Uh-huh Did you see that movie upon a fourth of you I was found? No sir, I did not I've had time cruise that's coming out of my nose already Oh, because if you were seeing that he wasn't that good And only two good movies he was in Is that a good movie? More than a fourth of you are It was good Yeah, he was very good in that I thought he was the one that kept him in the ward for you Really? Yeah Wait till you see P.V. Herman's new movie you might change your mind Oh yeah Yep Have a great day, Phil Why? I also saw the sounds of the lamp Yeah I don't think it was that good Okay Bye Thanks a lot Ten past noon at W.I.O.D Well he's a Tom Cruise fetish He likes to hunchbacks We have an open line today but we got four open lines on the board Wow, wow, wow That's all I can say to you folks Okay Plantation Hello Neil, how are you doing? Okay I think that guy needs to get something thrown in his face Like Jodie Foster Where you going? Okay Anybody that would knock the silence of the lamps has got to be some kind of a degenerate All right, that's right That's all great movie, great picture Maybe you can invite Maybe you can have him for lunch and straighten him out Yeah, I hope you don't try to mind I haven't slung it Okay Neil, I know you don't want to let her endure No You know how big let her in fan I didn't say that I'm not going to stay up to one o'clock in the morning Do I hear the same top ten list and watch Paul Shafer You know, do his Truman Capote routine Well you missed a Cisco on Ebert on their last Oh man The two trimmed the edge Oh God, these guys They have a bunch of chaste and movies As Betty Crocker doesn't donut Right Very well put that was an excellent analogy You like that one? You like that very highly You like that? Yeah Neil Listen, what is the problem with Cisco Ebert? Better fact Betty is coming to sunrise Because they heard she was an altar crocker Well why did they just like to argue with each other? I mean, just wanted to once they okay Well they have a little spat Okay Okay, I get it now Okay It's like that Neil Where's the good place to take a girl to hotel? To a hotel? Yeah How about in high allea The one where they have the stuff on the mirrors on the ceilings? That's those, you know how much is that a night of that? About 50 bucks Where you go over here on buscating Right at like by the minute They have like a little meter That's not bad Yeah I knew In your case, I think you're better going to some extra change Can't Neil think well Okay, here's the guy who spends most of the day feeling the change We have an open line and Broward 524 Wildee got a beautiful neckdoreen from a sunny sear Boyd Alex almost took a deep I've seen a lot of things like that In my time anyway, it's 12 minutes after 12 I have a feeling I'm repeating things twice here Do they have a renery syndrome? Right? Say, Patty's Irish festival today Tomorrow on Sunday at Mullins Park Cross The festival springs near university and sample Great Irish music Gaila dancing, food Irish shopping Bagpipes, arts and crafts Our sports kids fund it A fantastic carnival It's great fund for the whole family A featuring Patty Nunan show band Ireland's foremost tenor Frank Patterson The multi-telleted dingo spike Boyd's two-bed stands out here Anymore we can bring on the Irish rovers Wow Comedian Deskihode The Black Velvet band More Amazing Act And St. Patty's five-mile run Starts at seven o'clock tomorrow morning At Sample University be there to cheer Or both Or if you just be after the runs you can be there too Sponsored by Budweiser The Miami Hero Jamison's Irish whiskey Coca-Cola and Waste Management It's all happening at Mullins Park Cross Spring near university and sample today Tomorrow and Sunday Bring the whole family they're going to love it Clowns, space painting, magic hacks, kids And a good time will be head for all Tickets at the gate kids free Today tomorrow and Sunday At Mullins Park in Coral Springs On status on hockey It's a great run right along Harkey He hasn't petchised got a sore shoulder He feels stiff I think stiff is the word I'm hoping he went about 20 games this year But if he pitches what else We need to make a trade to get it up Exactly Because I don't think cyclical is going to pitch They can give us this song in advance Thank you very much You've got a fork here Wonderful gentlemen I don't think cyclical is going to pitch it all Harkies, he's always got a stiff shoulder or stiff something Anyway Neil, it's good talking to you I want to say hello to you Come in back sir I'm coming back Monday I want to try to get a 95 clip Oh man I'm eating right now Did you work in Tennessee? For a month yeah WLAC That's where Debbie Ellis is sitting With a big bat can right now How could you ever spend a day here man While a month seemed like 20 years to me And it's great and it's blank And it's nasty air And it's crappy and what a place I'd great place for the bird You bet You'll need it 1022 Oh did you have any of this? Of course not You wouldn't need it anyway So you had 42 bagels by the way So don't give me this crap about Mr. Righteous I only had like one and a half It's not even 1030 yet No, I had one and a half Oh you had two Well that's alright Miss Missouri and air She had like 14 I understand now She had like three bags full I have two open lines in Dave County 7519463 This is bad This is really bad It's not even 1030 yet And I'm already eating and it's all like sugar and a bunch of crap that I can't eat I'm telling you I'm going to die on the air today But we're used to what we died here on Monday Big time Anyway this coming Tuesday if I'm still alive It's the big day at pizza law We're going to dedicate that near Rogers dining room at the pizza law Our good friend Jeff Cohen one of the great snorers of all time at the pizza law It's a lot is offering you something a free dessert When you order any dinner on tray on Monday or Tuesday Could have your choice of that delicious new tiramisu dessert That is really fantastic courtesy of true cello and sons or Italian pervellers Or a free canoli or a serving of any of Jeff's famous cheesecakes Including Heathbar crunch cherry cheesecake Chocolate chip cherry vanilla swirl or if you're really pedestrian and boring Plain It's free with your on tray while they last Lots of other prizes and surprises to give away free dinners We'll have those ugly disgusting sickly autograph pictures to give away Tuesday So come on by Tuesday evening five to late PM as we dedicate officially The grand opening of the Neil Rogers dining room at pizza law Tom of the world's best pizza and a great Italian goodies like stuff Shellsman a Cati baked CD Eggplant Parmesan and they're award-winning Los Agni It is just incredible a pizza law out there on a 69th and flagger street upstairs In Miami just east of the Palmetto Come by and see Gilbert in a cast of millions five to late PM this Tuesday at pizza law Tonight Gilbert at night comes to you from the diplomat hotel in Halendale Neil's favorite town Maybe Neil will drop by I doubt it but He of course being the fitness guru from ESPN and For most of my will be talking horse racing From some of the great riders and people who are involved in that great game as we preview the Florida derby And for next Friday Reagenerals come and buy and I'm not going to be here make reasons going to show And the news talk radio 610 W I'll do the shows go over tonight So why aren't I there when Maria comes in Well I decided I want to spoil your trip back to Toronto But we had a full board of calls immediately on a show It looked like we were really going to kick some ass here on a serious Friday We got forced thinking calls left on the board because Gladys was not going to try to get about some of the most Terminal stuff I've ever heard Gladys you're great, but don't ever do that again honey We love you, but we don't want you to feel bad but but but Two open lines in date 751 Wild one on the starline star iod if you're a bell south mobility customer please by all means give it a shot Okay and 655 9463 655 Wild It's not even 10 30 yet I had see I come in here every morning with a best of intentions and you know what they say about that First of all I get to I'm coming in the hallway downstairs from the parking lot And I hear a voice it's plastic man back there plastic man Is that near larger kneels us come in I'm not even three steps in the building already he's down there haunting the kitchen looking for me What's he want he wants me to go eat the restaurant which by the way the restaurant he's talking about I don't have any spots for that on the log today There's some recorded spots. I don't have any so plastic man I mean you're just perfect for the sales department you haven't got a clue what's going on back there Then I get from there. I finally do get into the kitchen and here's George and Phil Latsman and a bunch of other Causers down there and they're shimmering pounds of cream cheese on about 45 bags of bagels So naturally I couldn't resist that I thought well that's okay. It's not so bad and I come up here and all of a sudden many from Kendall is running around It was on the board this morning because Venerory was out of Gulfstream and he's running around with these little things And then Henry slaps this guy in here and just fed me about 85,000 calories And my blood sugar is probably like 7 billion now, but it was pretty good out today That it wasn't pretty good. It was spectacular It was incredible and I guarantee you this guy I'm sure because he's a gourmet chef I guarantee that he makes a lot of stuff that isn't you know like with sugar and sweet and fatning Why would you bring in desserts at 930 in a morning? You understand that? I don't get it Not that I'm complaining Norman, but why would you bring in desserts at 930 in a morning? For Loderdale Hey Neil, have these things Patrick did Yeah, it's top of the morning to you sir We're in all that crap Christmas the Rick O'Reilly He's he's probably getting his stuff packed He's probably going to give him I see they got two live Jews on today Which is pretty embarrassing But that'll kill time and make it go by real fast because his brain he said is an aspirin already Or his asses in a Colorado Neil, I got a notification Probably here a lot more that boring crap about snow skiing today sir and that exciting I want to dedicate some of the Rick Yeah Then I'll show you again Michael is the CEO of breathing target In the Martyrs and Go Esther Think that he said malastores Then I'll show you the sign of your life sir 1029 and WOD And pay so high as not for another week Or two we have a two open lines in date County 751 and what in Broward 524 WOD Here's a mobile and del Rey Yes sir We're a little worried about your buddy Why The training all this Can't hear you sir And you know who that is of course Let's go to the University of Miami It says Neil man Okay, don't be screaming place Oh, sorry I got like seven second lag I feel like King Dixon here Yeah Let me tell you He's out like King Dixon Who the hell is this He's a real you know five guy of that Who the hell is this? This is Gina Oh okay What happened to the doorclady What do you mean what happened to her? We want her back She's there around she's hanging somewhere Do you know what have you been to see aquarium? No You could see WLS 335 two shows a day No, you don't have to go all the way over there Just come by our reception desk See you in more so you're safe Okay See you Gina Okay, gladis you sure did it to me I'll tell you that we got three calls left on the board Gladis I wouldn't wish this on Debbie in the Nashville Date County nothing Zippity due to a 751 WIOD Broward we have an open line there 524 And one on a Palm Beach line at 655 9463 Hallendale Hallendale Hallendale Is also gone Okay Well we can weed these up pretty fast Georgia get back to the CDs Let's try plantation Okay, there's the ticka Gladis so helped me God I want you to be for the bus takes off for Toronto Gladis I want them to bring you by here Okay, talk about nursing homes We're going to put you in one What you did to me I wouldn't do the foster he wouldn't He's been dead for two years Unbelievable what you did this show Gladis shame on you or whatever your name is Mumble in for Lodderdale George is there anybody on these lines? Hello Hello Nobody on a George Fort Lodderdale Hey Neil Yes sir Got a pig report from your right out here in your neighborhood Yep Plantation size in 18 There's a lot of motor cycle And he's got his buddy in the median Got something laying on the hood Pointed at the oncoming traffic Great nice job guys Well Anyway Have a handy day Neil Okay 1031 a WIOD We have an open line in Broward 5249463 boy Gladis says The caller that killed Miami They're going to have a monument to her outside Maple Leaf Gardens Miami Rick and start suck Okay Thanks a lot Greg Beat all of them as way home again North Miami Beach Yeah Yeah Yeah What do you want? Nothing safe Dave County, you say nobody calls from Dave Yeah Oh Jim Yeah come on, okay thank you everybody Have a good day sir You're a new Yeah I'm here for a walk at a him Yeah well you know gas station I have to you know How are you any gas station? Yeah Wow It's a BP man Fantastic The cheapest gas 97.9 Well you know what they say I'm Friday there's nothing like Starting the day with little gas Yeah Yeah you know it man Go go go go go go go go go Yeah What's up? What's up? You're not telling me What the hell does that mean? What's up? You don't sound like some kind of The antithole that we call a radio show It's a whats up Okay how do you do? How do I do? Yeah Who do I do? We do Yeah Where if you want to reveal the details? Not today No do tomorrow Okay Good man In the same day as the Resize and pay So I can do it No man can do it Okay 10.30 Wow I'm going to tell you Between that and the raspberry sauce That was pure sugar And that chocolate Two chocolate things My blood sugar is 40,000 My head has been And I feel like Jim Morrison on a bad day And a mushroom field Man This is All I need is a little shot of helium That'll put me over the edge Wait a minute Here we go BOOM BOOM Wait a minute I think we're getting a little low That's starting to jubble a little bit It is, it's getting real low But that's too much of a fast Oh I'm ready to go I'm wound up like in the alarm clock now 10.34 W.Y.O.D. Here's a mobile in Pembroke Pines Here's a good phone Good phone God, those are too much back Okay, sure, good call We have an open line in the Sterline If you have a phone like that Give it a shot Star-Y.O.D. POPENO Is there something wrong on it line? Wait a minute Hello Are you in POPENO? Yeah Well let me ask you a question How come when I say POPENO? You don't respond I heard a button But that nothing happened Well what do you mean nothing happened? You didn't hear me say POPENO? Hello I can hear it but it wasn't coming over the phone What do you mean it wasn't coming over the phone? Where did you hear it? I had it I had your pump up toaster It was at my thing Oh and your thing I thought that not planning my thing It wasn't on Oh man it was incredible I was saying up waiting for it I ended up like the college hoops Oh get college hoops Man the first 85 games don't count Okay college hoops Whoop this? Yeah But against the final and by the way The team I picked Syracuse Gone What happened? But to me what happened? They got beat It's somebody Hyper-High beat Am I think 72 to 69 or something They choked How about that heat game? I'm not interested in the heat I don't care about the heat Call up Rick Rowland Talk about snow skiing Okay Okay Okay We have an open line in date Who the hell are these mispets we're talking to They kind of like them so far 751 Thanks a lot Gladys Okay I hope that Frank Mahavala comes to your house And hides your dentures That's how much I am upset about your call Gladys Taking a ball at time Not going to fall Our great colors that we had at the beginning of the show We had loads of great material That we're going to share with us And now they forgot and already But you'll have a good time And that nursing home Gladys 1035 at WIOD And we are going to come right back Well I'll tell you another thing that I really love And is this at the Paisasarizat Hanukkah The Jewish candies With chocolate outside And like that raspberry Paisas what did we callers? Not a cup of milk Well that's really it's a chocolate Cover jelly That's the best you can do Cheryl By the way, before the show started Cheryl was telling me some of the most incredible stuff Ha ha ha ha ha Oh god Ha ha ha ha I'm not saying to what was about It wasn't incredible wasn't it And you'll be pleased to know that I was right And that came up at a Apologize She screwed up my check And it was $440 short Which was like the pocket change But hey listen I was right I told you how much the check was Now much it was really supposed to be And he was on a floor for like two minutes Hey listen You know 31 years of crap from people You gotta get paid sooner or later okay Cheryl's mother is probably listening At the moment her hair is lovely She looks just incredible today But when I tell you what she told me before It's going to make you grow new hair And places where it's illegal and sunrise Don't forget a lane head to roll be here with the news It noon Okay bye Cheryl North Miami Beach hello Hey Neil how you doing How do you doing? I really love I love Reese's peanut butter cups and chili Donuts Yeah this must be Tom Deloise I thought last night Is that one of the great movies The best scene of any movie in the history of mankind What? Is the scene where he's sitting there with the The trebuchekers the two fat guy And they're starting to talk They're drinking the water And oh yeah that's The hot water and anyone Get the honey junior And then he rips all the cupboards off the wall They go into the speeding frenzy They start they start fantasizing Of all these different kinds of food they like And tastes as if you ever stuff A Reese's peanut butter cup Into a jelly donut and put it in the oven And let it on the chocolate melt Into the milk And they start fantasizing and getting his Sterochel out in this bug guy Must be like 700 pounds He looks like he should be a receptionist At a radio station And anyway and then they start Just pulling the cupboards out Ordering up the food And then the scene where they're he's whipping up To stuff in the kitchen It's incredible Yeah they all fight And very and very relatable to Oscar Lopetus He was actually I just wanted to let you down And Anne Bankrop was great She directed that I think she wrote it She was cremated and she was great now Oh he went back So I thought last night for the first time I got the red over you talking about I wanted to see a hysterically funny movie This weekend go on rent fan so With Dom Della Wees and Anne Bankrop Exclude choise sir Just on lichen now Okay sir Thank you much Leave the cannelly Bring the gun See you later Little switch on the godfather By the way Big movie starting today Is it today the one with Gene Hackman What is the name of that? Supposed to be great We've been pretty movie intensive last couple of weeks Which is amazing Cause ordinarily the audience has no interest And movies at least of people I've closed on But all of a sudden we can move the intensive South Miami Hello Hi Neil, how are you doing? Okay Listen, I want to congratulate you And thank you for all the work you've done And the way you've pretty much kept this in perspective Really going to a great job that you did What I wanted to ask you about You're from the north east originally Yes sir Well I got a job interview up there What do you have to say about that What do I have to say about it? Yeah I don't understand the question Is it a nice place for what? Well the northeast is to be I don't know I mean the northeast is like not a place The northeast is like a lot of places where you mean idea I think Connecticut Oh and Connecticut Oh well Good dad Or ugly Connecticut's okay I mean See Connecticut the one good thing about Connecticut is It's close enough to New York You can go there and do all the fun and great things But you don't have to live there Okay Let me go back home and write Right Exactly In other words you've never been in an northeast Never been there And you got a job interview there when Next week And you have no idea how cold and brutal and nasty and dank and grey and freezing And mong and icy and slippery and mushy it's going to be No But the good part of it is if you have a job interview there And you take the job there like in about a month and a half So that's what it's going to start It'll be beautiful Oh yes so for like about six weeks it'll be great It'll be sunny and then like in about October It'll start freezing and snowing again Yeah Yeah, yeah, January heard it Hey listen at least in the northeast there are living and breathing People and lots of stuff to do and you know If you can put up with the weather it's great Yeah Alrighty Thanks a lot You're welcome You'll need it Boy I think my blood sugar's up to about 700 now Let's take up an office pool to see what time meal I'm going to go with a small one I'm going to go with a small one And if I do feel something coming on I am going to look to play that I got a close by here In fact I'm going to just Because George doesn't care Oh man In fact the raspberry sauce On this dish the Norman van Aiken of Almano restaurant And the Betsy Ross Hotel and the Bix Seriously the raspberry sauce reminded me of those raspberry candies And that we Jews We ruled the Valt religious Jews like me Who only care about the food That we eat on pace off There must be a different name besides chocolate covered What did she call it chocolate covered What? Whatever it was it was a stupid name Cheryl There's got to be a name for those candies Okay, we always have some fancy name for everything By the way did you see Elaine has just had her nails done And the hall she looks ravishing I think she's going to get you with those She looked like Elviron a bad day for Lauderdale Hey Neil sounds like you're recovering pretty good When the light is just calling out Yeah, it wasn't that a great job I always thought I'd believe a lot Yeah, we'd let it go on that long But she doesn't sound like Well what the hell was that going to do? I mean if I if I wouldn't have begged dog she'd still be talking That's probably true Question I'm the one who's going to be meeting or one of the guys Come be meeting Rick Riley out in Colorado Oh Wow Wow He said yesterday that you left You asked him you said you might want to go Yeah, and you believe that Are you really that gullible? You seem pretty convincing when I said I doesn't sound like Neil Well, he's going to sell you the Brooklyn Bridge when you meet him out there too Because that's like you're an easy target Well I'll show up when you tell him that we don't have to do not snowsky Listen, let me say it again People are interested in different things No problem, okay, but it's not interesting to hear about it on the air In other words, if it's something that you have to be doing Talking about snowsky is not interesting to hear about Well we're a thing of ski club in the country I understand that but doing it is what's interesting Not talking about not like baseball is a spectator sports So unless you're a player talking about it is interesting But when it's something that you do yourself that it's a participatory thing Talking about it is not too exciting Well we might have a couple of good stories for you when you get it Oh well that's an other story, yeah, that's a real All right, well we'll talk to you then Have a great time Okay, don't ever talk about it on the air again Yeah, I'm sure that because I know how that deal is with vacations With me, I start counting the weeks Until it's time to go I start about four months ahead And then figure how many weeks before my vacation comes And then it goes by pretty fast All of a sudden it's like seven weeks and then it's three weeks in Bingo And when I do my summer vacation I've got 17 days Because I leave after the Thursday show I got Friday And then the whole weekend and then two weeks Including two more weekends so it comes out to 17 days And you know in Europe or Vegas or wherever you are And you start counting the days And that's depressing Because before you know it you're saying well I still got four days left And then it's two and then you're on the plane coming back to hell 1049 at WIR would be and we'll be right back Barbie kitchen and too many hours in front of her Barbie TV Game of your favorite fashion dial for the big Barbie behind Oh wait for her babies to big for her That way too big for her band and she'll need a whole new wardrobe You know it takes two hands together From fashion leader to binge eater she's Oh the wait for the brand new overweight Barbie doll With Spandex pants and hoisting grain available now And Alexa can sold separately Okay we borrow that the hoisting grain 1053 at WOD How about a couple of half gallons of bed and juries with that do it? Okay send it up front Pop it old Yes sir Are you doing it? Okay you are doing it pal Yep I just wanted to say zero-facted Okay, goodbye Thanks a lot Chocolate covered candy is not the answer to my question Something we must have some very Eridite Jewish listener out there who knows what they call those There's got to be a name for it It's got that like raspberry Chocolate covered jelly is not the answer Sure, I'm sorry that's one of the lamest answers I've heard in my life Here's a mobile in the gables I see you Yes sir I tell you you got a lot of anal regenerative people there today Now come on we got a great audience Colin, I want to tell you about something So far Yesterday on the noon I saw about these two punks I went to this rally for the troops And they took credit for going over the gals And they said they were in Kuwait City And these punks were not even over in the Middle East Yeah And they tried to take credit for it Well they probably once ate a day in W and Homestead And wanted to take credit for it Pretty weak Yeah You know Somebody's we should have said about to LA for the cops to work over Right? Just a little occasional beating here Stamed them out Exactly Or just went up to a four-laterdale Nickel take care of Hey You're quitting to play Right I got a good question from you Wait a minute You're calling the other callers today Annel retent of douche bags and you have a request And then that kind of request and it needs to be requested Oh my father really digs you so So that makes him kind of strange right away Why is that? Well I like you I have a lot of old post-seenile people who love this show Yeah, he's at that stage But he's a douche bag My father not really close But he is a douche bag Yeah And I think you should call him one I think you know it's sir If you listen to the show I don't call anybody a douche bag How about call me? I might make an exception for you The callers do that sir Can you tell him I don't know I can't you I can't tell him Why do you have to have somebody else do your dirty works sir? What? He's the ultimate for him and call them the deputy process No, I don't use that kind of language on the earth Sir, what is his name? Hi dog Dog, quickenerent process, dog Thanks Okay Even Lauren knows what that means Because she's now Laura wait a minute where'd she go? Laura Now what is she just went through all these Becoming very Jewish classes and she's got a mrs. around her thing And she's really so you know I'm pass over Which is coming up almost any moment We eat those chocolate covered candies Would like the raspberry jelly inside Have you had those? Yeah, she's the same one I brought me those little triangle Humbentoshin about the size of your thumb That are a joke Well find out there's somebody We gotta have one or two other token Jews Oh, we find out Oh, here we go in Point and beach Hi Neil Yes sir, what is the answer? Okay, there a company name Joy the make the make the make Ah! Joy the Right, Kelly The green jelly squares Jelly sticks They make the hollow vibe They make the chocolate covered Marshmallows Yeah Full that good stuff And there was a line in fat so where Right, M. Bang grew up Just talking to the brother Yeah And he's describing the scene in the kitchen And he goes And the stupidest thing I've ever thought it was hollow vibe Isn't that one of the greatest movies ever? It's great and it's true to life And some people don't believe it I remember one lady called you up going Oh that was so unreal Well it was not unreal at all I can relate to it I had a cousin that was 40 years old Barry didn't piano box Yeah They just couldn't Man, and he was thinking to the movie The movie opens with a scene where they're Baring And bank crops nephew Isn't he the nephew Cousin Cousin And a guy that he's like a kid He's like what? Nineteen or something He's 20. 39 Oh he's 39 And he died Oh I thought he was any any He died Right And they're burying him It looks like an a piano case Right And fat young guy And it's behind the heart Yeah And as they're carrying on And the mother is carrying on And bank crops is screaming And screaming at him And yelling you bastard And that's a body And and And a domedellawees is going to get water And a kitchen for everybody That's crying in hysterical And he takes the little End of the bread The Italian bread Put the pot And he sticks and puts a fork And it needs sticks it in the sauce That's cooking in the big pot On the stove Let me fry him And he's crying And he's hysterical All of a sudden he eats the bread He starts getting happy And he's calm down And it's incredible I want that every three months Then after he's got the sauce on it Then he just lightly dips it And the big thing of promise on cheese Right I used to do that when I was a kid Oh man Well thanks for the answer sir You're a joy of a forever Happy pace off 1057 Wildewildey We have an open line in date 751 9463 And what in Broward Oh here I think my nose is starting to twitch a little But I think the strokes come in any second 524Wildey in Broward And starildey on the Abelsoff mobility line Which is ringing as I speak Let's take a call from plantation Hello Yeah Hold on a second Don't blame you Henry Now let's blame Norman What's his name? Van Aiken The Abelsoff mobility line 1440 Oshandrava and Mimey Beach For bringing me all that delicious Fanning dessert crab Next time I'll tell you to bring something That's not the dessert Like in about an hour Yes sir Neil Good morning, how are you? Great Good Fan You like? Fan Keeping joy of a sticker You will get fat I don't have any yet Well go down You did this 20 around They are delicious aren't they? Oh That's my biggest weakness Last week I'm not a horse player I didn't think that but I listened to a lot And I went down to Papa No rest for our dinner I just thought you know please start her Did I need to show you? What are you guys? What are you looking at? Yeah I got to a quick 20 on it and see How are you sir? I got 260 bags All right And I look today And I don't see Christmas this morning Tomorrow night Yeah they couldn't fill a race Friday so it's going to be tomorrow night in the ninth race You're going to be right there I'm going to go down tomorrow night then yeah I don't know if I can tell you He should be good to Varkas There's a lot of speed in that race You got best funnier and probationer And Woloth is a lot of speed He's going to come from behind again He could be right there I hope so Did you see that? Did you? I looked in a paper And I saw that Good silk 840 some art dollars Yeah That way it got worse Come on Hunger That's right Pates so much Good luck, pal This is thanks Okay Bye bye We have two open lines in both and Broward 524 Joyva 5249463 Henry Barrel The man who is going to put me in my grave before my time has the 11 o'clock Wild news Let's see if I can lick the plate one more time here Oh man Mmm Then we'll come back at 1105 Rick and sons with two live Jews and Joyva Jolly had two Jeff de Forest on Sports Talk and Goldberg A preview's the derby at 8 tonight The horse will owe it tonight Crackle records presents for the first time anywhere A fabulous two record collection of pop music spread It's thunderers like Buckman's Thunder Overdrive The amazing piece of the internet The incomparable David Boy It's entertaining The greatest David's in pop music Stammering and stuttering They're way to the top of this one of his record offers Oh, oh Impound And The Jackson The Prince No Free generous of free sons and summers And if you are now Procto a growing a fabulous collection called Friends and Rolls with James Brown And he Roger has been a star Must many more If you try to buy these Thunders they probably put you away Keep it only get a real Procto Friends and Rolls Plus, the daughters and stevers From Crapco where we say If you'll buy this you'll buy anything Thanks a lot Henry's got Norman Vennycans But what do you have to do? You're just sucking around for more free wine And I noticed that everything is swimming In rich, fat and cholesterol-laden sauce What a way to go Feast of some light Yeah, right, keep your fruit By the way, I see Henry's looking to play Two, he likes that gropa on there Anyway, we have an open line in Broward 524WIOD We're having a little Friday morning feast here As we get by the way, I have a little birdie Just stuck his head in the door Said they have sold 61,000 seats For the two baseball games? Boy, I tell you, you should get mixed stories about What's going on on this time But if that is true Let's say it's like about 38% And about 22% We've got a good start Because we have two weeks to go And let me say it again If you want to give us a big helping boost Or getting major league baseball in town Because you know damn well They're going to be really looking to see How we packed that stadium Those two nights, two days rather Saturday night to 30th And Sunday afternoon to 31st You can call ticket master Or you can buy tickets for the games That select drug stores Sears, South Warehouse, Q records In date counting, call 3585885 In Broward 5233309 Or in Palm Beach 8393900 And we really hope we have a big turn The reason I play the Randy Martin thing is because She's sitting in a control room right now Getting ready for her big two hours show on Sunday That's not even worth coming in for is it for two hours? Well I guess you have to keep your face before the public Fortal 6pm after you end baseball Randy Martin And of course we used to be very hostile toward Randy Until we thought out that Dave Graveline Was going to be doing a little weekend work here So we love Randy now See if you stick around long enough by default And speaking today Graveline I see many from Kendall Is he coming in there now? Sooner or later these guys all get their cronies in here Man it's embarrassing Too much cronies in his business Let's go to Miami Hello Did you ever suck the jelly Yeah Is he gone? Out of a donut Or what happened to him? Are you there? I think he swallowed it That's part of that scene in Fanto Is it did you ever suck the jelly out of a jelly donut? I forget exactly how it goes What? Yeah we got something for you man Okay something you can relate to There's an open line in Broward I started to say at 524WIOD Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach Hello I think these bad calls are affecting your board Obviously it's not really bad food over there We haven't had one bad call yet except Gladys Gladys Gladys got a lot to do You've got a lot of cranks too We have nod Well what was the last guy? He was not a cranky He was there was a line from the movie Fanto Oh Oh, didn't you? You've never seen a movie on No I haven't I've heard about it told me it's great Part of the same scene where they're fantasizing They're he's with his group Chubby Chekers Where if you get an urge to eat you call us number They send these two fat guys over Who are on the same program and they keep you from eating from binge And a bottom line is Dom Deloitte sits around with these other two fat guys They start fantasizing about all these great things They love to eat and then they just lose control They start ripping the cupboards off the wall and ordering up ice cream and peaches And making pasta and they go into an eating orgie It's incredible. It's one of the great scenes ever Can't like you if I read Right I mean I had a little radio Actually this is the second call this week I hope you don't get angry with me But I had a recall in a week is not chronic Unless it becomes like the second call every week Okay, now a sandy from Kendall Who yesterday showed her big butt to the entire universe Did you hear that call yesterday? No, I didn't We were lucky. I wonder what you're in a good mood I miss that one I had a radio accident this morning Yeah, your pal Mike Miller My buddy Yeah, what's his deal? He's he not only seals like cap of your material But now he's running a trip to Chicago Somebody called about that yesterday And he's going crazy about the cops Yeah, he sounds just like you It's unbelievable No, I don't think he sounds just like me I think that's what I'm going to be doing He's doing his best to try it Yeah, and I just wanted to do some from Chicago I know he's from hunger as far as I know I know that he used to be here in this chair on his radio station Until he wiped up and got his boring ass out of here Oh, he used to got an Iodate Oh, yeah Back in the days when we had sandy and sugar cookies I bet you're pretty soon he starts playing Harry Carey stuff on a year There's a ride ball right back That's my thing It's a dream It's thinking of speaking of WIOD and WW What we won't say What Tom What is Randy Martin doing? She's just going back and forth from station to station Or I've heard her on Saturday When you're station and sun is up here And I'm just wondering like what is there He's become the radio butterfly She has a contractor Now I'm just getting in 79th They have another word they need to work But I'll be diplomatic She's the radio butterfly Hopping from one station to another Pollinating everything she can Are you going to the track tonight, Emil? No, tonight Yeah, tomorrow night Do I go tonight? I'm not that I know Chris and Chris is running tonight Tomorrow night Okay, this is just got through telling this guy that like four seconds ago 9th race tomorrow night All right, I was getting in my car This is just a line by the way So maybe oh Oh, yeah, and you didn't show up Wednesday We had that incredible thing between Walley, Hennessey and Peter Rent And you jerks in the newspapers here Didn't write one word about it either By the way, Dave Joseph you screwed up big time Now if you want to go I can probably because my good friends had pop-ed out Didn't tell anybody about it I'm serious Wednesday was one of the most exciting nights I've seen in any track ever I'm a real bird and you still have tears on you Yeah, yeah, well, I mean you wouldn't see me if I went there But you weren't there But how do you know? Were you? No Oh Because if you would have been there you would have had a comment about it Because you'd have just freaked out of what a great I mean, all right, every race that Walley and Peter Rent was like a match race I mean, they were like down the back stretch head and head nose to nose There were like three or four races when they came down the stretch right together And the last race which was the deciding one And when all the way right to the end They came right down the stretch together And Walley wanted on the outside and won the whole thing Wow Wow Oh, probably was a good time It was All right, you don't screw up again next Wednesday Okay, take care Two upper lines and Broward 524 W-I-O-D But again, nothing was in a newspapers It's just what a Horstman or Tom It's so hard to promote anything positive that happens here Because they've all got their own little thing And there's Bob Rubin in the Harold writing about the Yankees again And what a great year it's going to be for the Yankees And all is a Come on, wake up and sniff the pansies Will ya? Ever since grade school you were taught to two as greater than one That's what they say at the window at Pompano As you got older and invested your harder and dollars You wanted the biggest return for your buck Today's simple arithmetic tells you that a yield Of 10.04% is higher than 7 or 8% And today if you're not getting a 10.04% return on your investment Then you're failing math right now dummy You get a 10.04% yield by investing in triple A rated CMO is from Curl and Securities An investment of 37,800 dollars Will grow to over 125,000 about 10 years Then it pays you principal and interest in come over the remaining life for the bond Total return 204,000 all for that original investment of 37,800 better than a superfector Perfect for IRA rollovers, keyo contributions before April 15th A retirement plans So past your math course with triple A rated 10.04% CMOs Realized deals and prepamid rates may be affected by market conditions Which can do change both our based on prepared formulas and past performance of underlying collateral Minimum investment for this by the way is 15,000 Call now toll free 1-800-541-9177 That's 1-800-541-9177 for Curl and Securities Members NASD and SIPC A name you can count on a name you can trust 1116 and WLOD have some very bad news for the people in the audience who are like my age Which is almost nobody because I would say probably I don't know what percent most of the people listening to the show are younger than I am like a lot Although when you live in South Florida no matter how old you are, the good part of it is that most of the population is older than you are A lot even if you're like 90 Mike love of the beach boys is 50 years old today Everybody has a lot of stuff across the US And that's depressing boy if we had it or what? 50 years old today which is older than I am which is something there's one Boy, here's a pig report in the starline Hello, is he gone? What is it? Okay, so you're good luck to you just got a ticket but also they ought to give a ticket to his phone Okay, did you hear that? I just got fresh weight Get a new phone pal, okay, so if the pig is still hanging around go back and give another ticket for a bogus cellular phone There's an open line in Broward 5249463 524WRD Can you believe that Mike love his 50 years old today? God is that depressing Now all you young whippersnappers as you grow older I know this sounds like one of those awful things that all you're a grandparents in your old Fogi parents tell you But as you get older you will associate with the people you grew up with And all of a sudden when they say like Madonna is 65 And you say, oh, hey, I'm getting old You'll be really depressed Like California Pretty soon, I got to be selling Ricky Schroeder is 72 And you know something else still be the same little twit when he's 72 He's just he gets on my nerves bad big time Huh? Rick? Oh, it's Rick now. Yeah, they've bunched him up. He's always the sheriff now with little almost trash And he a gun and the, yeah, right? Man Anyway, it's 1118 at WIOD We have an open line in Broward 524 WIOD Dave Grave line in Manney just out in the all comparing notes I see I bet you you're going to be working the board during his show to Archer Yeah, I had to be real cozy, Manney Let's go to Miami Lakes How are you doing, Neil? Okay I listen with that new hoopla over the new baseball team Yeah, we're in a supposed to be playing much we get a team And what league, you know? In the national league sir It'll be the East most likely Well, they don't know that yet I don't understand how they put it left in the East It's the same rules in the way No, same Lewis is not in the West I mean there's, but the Outlanders in the West and same Lewis is in the, yeah Yeah, the key of graphically speaking now Yeah, okay, well, maybe we could just move the cities That would straighten it out It should be better For fact, let's move it land out West Be no great loss I just want to call out him and Max We're from Barry Shevel Okay We have an open line in day And day 751 And one in Broward What do you want? Yeah, give him a kiss Okay, come to kiss my Tauca Alright, they've brave line Man, do they? I don't know how, what do we do? We go out and hire the, um, I'm not even gonna say it This boy Gary And he can find them, can he? He can find everyone from all the, uh, radio drifters Every stick and one of them That's alright, we got a little surprise for you Dave I have this little device for the phone When you come in here on Sunday morning To do weekend magazine when Chuck is on vacation I have this little device that makes the lights go out on the phone So you can have like all eight lines ringing But you won't see any lights flashing Payback is a bitch day of just a joke relax We got another break to do now How come I crossed it off already? We didn't do two breaks, did we? Well, I'm getting so far ahead of myself Already crossed it out Meantime, there's an open line in Broward Five, two, four, John Harper is God Five, two, four, dumb All my old boardops from KAT There are like hot shots now They're all walking around owning radio stations And big hot shots, executives We've been playing hot and cold yesterday From all these piss pots, now they're like hot shots And all the rest of us went kind of like life is passing us by And sometimes I feel, uh, that it is, you know We'll be right back We went through the doorway with the curtains Then they have other rooms And they have a pool and things like that Because they sewed the pictures and things Anyway, I thought I'd tell a girl Let's be quick and wanted to go with about A mile or two, four, forty-one I'm so thrilled for a ride Well, after lunch, the whole staff are going to get in a bus And we're all going up there and check it out All right Okay, see you Hey, why not be got an idea for Neil Real quick All right For who? Neil How do you know?