That all of people at our hysterical with their gene funded said turn it back. Maybe this will give me some of the else to pick on now. Alright, let's resurrect you and buy us a start jumping all over our hurt piece. 10 after what a WIOD our gigantic one to our Rick and Skud are going to be along at two. The reddest sweat will be here in the studio. She's going to be dressed in her khakis and a whole bit. That'll be great. Let's go to Boka. Hello. Hi. Virgin caller. Okay. Quick. I just picked up some. I can't wait to get rid of it. So I'm with their flags on the car. Yeah. And they get kind of tattered in the wind. I just take a little bit of it. Homer's clue. Just kind of work that in around the edge. It'll dry in there. My husband holds up real well. Let me be the flag. Yeah. Okay. There's little Homer's clue around the edge. Okay. From Tarrant. Uh-huh. That's it. Okay. Thanks a lot. We're going to have to do it. We have an open line in Palm Beach. Sixth for just a little glue around the edges. Man, it'll do it every time. 6559463655WI. Oh. D. And let's try dear field beach. It's gone on that clicking line. Yeah. I think things are settling back in. You know what? I think we have to worry about too much more. Let's go to South Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Let me see it again. Hello. I like to thank you for working the people up and letting them use their minds on what's point on. Basically about the Middle East. I'm calling because I feel that we're totally wrong and being over there. And the reason I say this is because I think it comes down to one word and that's oil. I think it's the Americans, gluttonous appetite to fuel their Toyota's made into pan, but which of course I think that we've rep as a Japanese. And we were for about a year. Yeah. That 12% of the Americans people work for the Japanese now, but getting back to the Middle East thing. I think that we're inspired by everybody in the world simply because it comes from greed. We repurposed the citizens of the world's population and we're using 40% of the world's energy. And I think that if there were oil and Ethiopia's and windy people starving, and I really can't say in a person such as Indian means the intertextive by American soldiers over there. My heart goes out to the island with the soldier. I just did body and something we had done. And I don't like it at all. Yelp. I can't hear anything. What is it? I'm happy. All right, John, come down. What do you say? We have a couple of open lines of Dave County, 7519463. Who's that on the bat line? Not for me? Who is this? Neil. Yeah. How are you? Hold on. That's Mr. G. Why is he on hold? Why? Why? I can't hear you. That thing's not working again. What we were just doing magnificent here for about two weeks. And all of a sudden we came to that one o'clock thing and I put on my dixie Yamoka here and all of a sudden it just went to a whole and a hand basket. It's 13 after one at WIOD and we'll be right back. 116 at WIOD where the natives are losing it rapidly until. Let's go to Halandale. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? OK. Listen, since the start started, I've been listening to your show and all of a lot and I've gotten a lot of comfort. I'm of draft agent first. I was kind of worried. But it seems like listening to your show over the past two weeks. I've learned to realize that a lot of the stuff is more than worth fighting for. I wouldn't say that I was on the entire website. But I was kind of ambivalent about my feelings. Yeah. And you seem to have brought a lot of sense around to me. I can say, first of all, I do agree with the, I was listening to you earlier. You said you were mentioning one caller said we should keep an eye on Iran. And you were saying we should forget about that. No, I did not say that. Well, I didn't say that at all. I don't think they're going to jump into the war. No, see, I mean, when somebody calls a look on a radio talk show, which is why I find most talk shows terminally embarrassing. And since we should be keeping an eye on Iran, as if our military people over there have no idea what's going on. Have no concept of the history of the Iranian government. Don't remember who the eye at all was and the taking of the hostages. And all the other crap that's gone on. I mean, you know, it's just it's ridiculous. It's embarrassing. It's a waste of effort. Right. Another thing I work in the satellite business. You know, I hear you give people updates on what satellites the feed come in. And the G2 has a CBS newsnet. And it also, it was called the TBS, the Tokyo Broadcasting System. You see a lot of the stuff coming in from Saudi Arabia. And I saw last night the stuff like when it when they first started showing it to the Capture, all the war stuff. Right. And it's a galaxy to transform their four. But you know, another thing that I kind of bothers me, you know, I see all these raw feeds. And the way to press just, you know, cuts these interviews up towards like a, you know, five or six word little spot, you know, a little bite. I guess that's TV unfortunately. Everything on TV is real life, but condensed to 20 seconds. That's the nature of the beast. And I want to, my final point here is I was always wondering why was the media, especially the American media. I saw a lot of international stuff, which wasn't nearly as panzy as the American media. Every time the interview like an Iraqi ambassador or someone that dealt with the Iraqi government, they're always so nice to them. And you know, it didn't really dive into the heart issues of, you know, what was happening. Yeah. I think we got an awful lot of people in the media in this country are more concerned about their own image. And about not worrying so hard about not appearing, given the appearance of being unfair or biased, that they're bending over backward to try to be objective. I think it's ridiculous. I think it's about time they started asking these people some tough questions and started to bunching up a little bit. Exactly. You know, I know I heard about the thing with chill 10, but I have to say that on ABC Peter Jennings a few nights ago, he had five or six nights ago, he had one of the Iraqi ambassadors on there. And you know, the guy immediately starts saying how many innocent civilians and everything, you know, the bleeding heart story. And, but Peter Jennings says, all the were doing tactical bombing, you know, we're trying to avoid this as much as possible. And he says, no, you're doing saturation bombing on all of our cities. You know, he originally said that we only killed like 90 civilians, Peter Jennings, you know, and he said, you know, a court of it said, well, for saturation bombing in cities. Yeah, we're having to kill 90 people. Yeah. And he was just firing at this. Well, I wonder if they were doing saturation or selective torturing in Kuwait. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Just want to completely ignore what they did in the beginning. And they go into a to a sovereign nation, they butcher up their people, they take it over the annex that they take over their oil fields. They take over the whole country, they butcher thousands of innocent people, they rape the women, and they put people on racks and pull their eyes out. And then they stand up, they're shaking their finger at us like you're all to blame for this, your barbarians. And then they say, oh, it's for the Palestinians. Yeah. You know, we did all this for that. Exactly. We will keep up the good work. That's why they're laughing the scuds over there in the West Bank because they love the Palestinians. Have a great day. Take care. 20 after one at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. If you have tried a lot of Tabernet in Tamarack, you are missing out on the finest North of Italian food anywhere. It's South Florida, Chevrolet Monno and Carol invite you to come in and try a meal that you're never going to forget. You try a lot of Tabernet at once and then anytime you want to go out for a really special Italian dinner, you will go back immediately again. Try one of their great, vehicular chicken dishes like Chicken Alla Tabernet, which is almost breast of chicken, and a fragrant wine sauce with mushrooms, artycho carts and tomatoes. Great shrimp, clams and fish dishes as well. A specializing in Flambé and other table-side preparations, delicious pasta dishes and the one thing I love about a lot of Tabernet. Is it an experience? It's not just a quick in and out, so to speak. You go in and have the appetizers, the great garlic bread, some of that fantastic, thick, hearty, minister-own or pasta-fajol soup. And then of course, whatever you choose, whether it's veal or chicken or seafood or just pasta, and top it off with one of those incredible homemade pastries from their dessert cart that they make right there on the spot. Lots of Tabernet, you can't beat it. There are 84-55 West McNebrod and Tamarack, just east of Pine Island. Here's the number for reservations, and they are a must, by the way. 7-2-2-18-31. That's 7-2-2-18-31. Give it a try soon, you are going to love Lat Tabernetta. If you missed the Rick and Sud show yesterday, I'm 6-10-Wild. You missed this. Hey, hey guys doing? Okay. You guys got the cartoons on him all the way to the shed? I don't know if that's on anymore, no. I'm not sure. I haven't had the chance to see the television. You were getting a little too slow. Everyone's in a while, I get some papers. I saw you on Scooby Doo or whatever. Yeah, yeah. That's the best. Not me, that's the ball hit it, Koolit. I see you have a good room. I'll do some hair. No. The Rick and Sud show. Today at 2, on Newstalk Radio 6-10, W-I-O-D. W-I-O-D. 124 at Goodhold W-I-O-D. Let's take a call from Paparoa. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. I just have a few things I think you're doing a great job. Okay. Fantastic. One thing I wrote to Tom's name down, interesting that if you mix the work of the letters around, it's called Mad-A. Yeah. We got that month. Oh, you did all the way home. There was a few times, a couple of people calling like to the rallies and stuff, saying, you know, the tell-per-boys and boys. I think we should give the women a lot of credits for what's going on over there. As we know, we got one woman POW, which I don't know. It's pretty controversial that she was in the war zone, I guess. I don't know. But let's not forget the women over. I think they're doing a great job. They're all doing a great job. They're Americans. Forget about whether they're men or women. They're Americans. They all volunteered and they're putting their asses on the line. And even if they're not in combat, they're right close to happening. They're happening. They're doing it. I agree. I don't know what I know to protest your things, then. But I think a lot of these protesters against the war should go protest at the Iraqi embassies about our hotstages and Lebanon ahead for what five years already. And the saying's in you main treatment of the people of Kuwaiti. Listen, listen, save your breath. Okay. I understand what you're saying. You're not going to get through to those people. Forget about it. Stop wasting your energy. Listen to me. Forget about it. The people who are protesting, 99% of them don't even know why they're out there. Okay. They're doing it because they're professional protesters. So forget about it. You're not going to reason with them. Reasoning with them would be like try to tell a Palestinian. Hey, look, this guy's not your buddy. He's dropping scut missiles right on where you live in. And their responses. Hey, next he's going to get in the york. We're going to kill all you imperialists. Okay. Forget it. You just heard it. Forget it. Well, you got to do it. You just have to consider the source and understand where these people mostly are coming from. Another one on the thing I was going to say, It might be a lot of the businesses I'm going in. Everyone's having flags and trucks and everyone feels real patriotic and together. But it's just it's great. But it's unfortunate. It has to be on the these circumstances. Well, that's human nature. You understand that. Yeah. And if we did it all the time, maybe now it wouldn't mean anything. Okay. Well, I think we'll meet a lot. Well, I don't think so because if you just like I said about the star-spangled banner, you go out to the ball games or the racetrack and there are a lot of people. They just stand up and the piano attention doesn't mean anything. At a time like this, these things mean something special. So I guess there is some good out of this graph. Right. Hennigrate today. Thank you. 127 a WIOG. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. 524. What do you get one to him for? Give him one of those operations and home front things. He's a trader. He's working for the enemy. What do you think they call him Scott 4? We're going to launch his ass any second by the way. 2v doesn't cut it out. Anyway, well, listen, it's good to have a real intellectual on the ear and the midst of all this other stuff. He can give the opposite viewpoint. It's excellent. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hey, how's it going now? Okay. I just want to make a point. You know, I live in Hollywood and drive to Palm Beach every day. And the consensus is that 90% of the people in Palm Tear Army today are of middle or low income from that part of America. Yeah. These rich bastards up there in Palm Beach still even have the, they got so much money. They don't care what's going on. They don't turn their headlights on. They don't put their rib in Sunday. Well, we ought to sit him over to Cairo so they can party with all the rich co-edies. I'll be around the field. But the Nairnabra Hood, that's what I say. Okay. Let's see how they're little. Let's bomb Palm Beach. Sir, I'm all with you. Let's go for it. Okay. All right. Let's go. Right in the middle of Palm Beach right on SD loudrush house today. Okay. He's sitting right in the other room. So help me if he puts that thing on. I'm going to go in there and just slices head off and put it on a plate. You're going to put that on. Passiveist. Man. You ever see him in Timothy Leary together, by the way. Anyway, it's 1208 WYOD. A pig report? Yeah, you bet. 8 or 9 cars from HFC. There's 6 non-route 9 just before I 95's won't release an 167th street. Great. It's on a northbound side. They've got all kinds of people pulled over there. That's what I love is those great American pigs man. To put their lives on the line, just like the troops, like the other day. Real important stuff they're doing. You bet. Makes you feel proud to be an American. Does that's all? Yeah, absolutely. Without a doubt. Thanks for the beer. Why 60 feet off the ground. Okay. See you. As Sight the knife would say, thanks for the tip. 129 at WYOD. We have it open. By the way, line three is out of order. So it'll get all panic because I know how historical Rick Riley gets about the phone. Why can't you learn from me? I never pay any attention to the phone. Anyway, let's go to Pobby, Chillow. He'll hear you. Okay. Long time, Mr. I want to thank you a thousand percent for what you're doing because I support a troops too. Good. But two previous co-workers had a list of what he called a rich bastard. Well, I have a list of the rich, kind of people too, but on Palm Beach. We were not supporting the war and it happened to be the same kind of people that a previous co-worker called about before who said that he missed the street to San Francisco. Oh, yeah. I was watching CNN that was getting the update in a war that switched over to an STAINMACHEL. And here's my list. The Ted Danson, Christy Ali of Chiers, Woody of Chiers. Demi Moore, Chilimic Lane, Casey K.S. Some Arab Americans who's making billions with changes name. Kevin Gilbert of Musician, Sean Lenin, when we know about that. Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. We have Ed as their run-topic. What a turn his Mel's in a burry day. By the way, we played John by Aslet if be and not the Beatles. Okay, Sean, so you're not going to get any residuals from that baby. Okay, heard that. Okay. We have Roger from Roger Me. And we have Margo Kitter who's considered the new James Fonda of the era. Of Canada, by the way, she's not even in American citizens. Well, sure, there's a big ugly mouth. Right. Then you go back to the song you sung the, um, um, you've sung the song you played before up the Canadian who supported us, um, previously. Yeah. Now, conversely, we go back to the movie starts. You've made movies in support of the previous, whether we had from Gear Hunter to Full Mill jacket because of a movie fan. Right. We have Robert De Niro, Murl Street, Brando and Sheen. We have to faux, Burranger, Charlie Sheen, and, you know, both things Jean-Fonda, again, coming home. Casuses of war, we have Penn, Michael J. Fox, Bruce Willis, and Matthew Maudine. We don't hear anything from them, but the list came out for the previous people that they are totally against the war. Now, the people who have made the millions and millions of dollars in this country by sitting on their jobs and being prime time TV. And, I think that the people who support them are people who are over in Iraq right now. I mean, not Iraq, but I mean, Saudi Arabia are troops, their wives, their children, supporting our war efforts, watch these programs. And in some way, I think they shouldn't because these are the people who are the Paps of TV, like the, I don't want to say Michael Douglas, but I mean, the previous call, it was said the street San Francisco. Who are watching this? Next thing, you know, next thing, you know, William, Carl Maudine is going to be sticking his nose into this. Well, not what American Express fishes probably can use in authority for this. And if he sticks his nose into a man to hold coalitional break apart, what is that? He was a mobile, wasn't he? He must have been. If he wasn't before he is now, I'll tell you that. One thing, what the hell was that? I think that was Jane Fonda, damn it. I think these people got a point. I think Jane Fonda and Ted Turner are doing it. I think she's doing calostynics right over the air here. Anyway, speaking of Casey Cason. And Casey just come and tell you live from Hollywood with another edition of America's Bottom conceived. Born to you by the сил, third company Nurse at me Medication. Etsy moms, 5 44 teenagers, To be a little quicker on the tape voice. Oh, good shows. We've got the worst songs in America and we're counting down. Red rich joys are showing them. Haha. We're some odd no-reason, you're buying them. And I'm using them as coasters. First, what review of the top three songs on the charts? And number three, guns and roses are singing sweet out of mind. Well, if I had a child around my house today, I'd have these four words for weed guitar, slash and his cohorts. Today by hell away. Haha. And number two, you ever heard this? There ain't no ribbon in our birthday world. And especially not for you, you are easy, since you don't speak proper English. And a number one George Michael sings, he's got our monkey on his back. Well, I would imagine it's given a little crowded back here. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Then again, you probably don't mind. Haha. Haha. And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called Razor. Haha. And lose that very ass jury. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Other songs on the charts, the band Johnny hates jazz, with, I want to be a hero's new and down on the charts and deservedly so. Haha. Apparently Johnny also hates music. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. He knows he care of status as a demon of Johnny, so get a real job. And there is it on that right. Rod Stewart, Norris really, Forever Young. And for a moment, I thought it was a song about me forever. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Hahaha. Haha. Hahaha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. At a boy case, you're doing it. 135 at WIOD and we'll be right back. 21 to 22 at WIOD, let's go to Miami. Hello? Hello? Yes. Congratulations. I haven't been waiting a long time in the line. I wanted to say that I like your program. It's the first time I call. I love your program. I'm Q&A American and Catholic. I want to send my support to all the brothers and sisters to Jewish faith that I self-rightened for this generation. These people are crazy. You know, the Iraqis and all the people in there. And the I self-referred Israeli, you know, because it's a lot. The I'm glad United States is helping Israel. I hope everything will come. OK. Thanks a lot. OK. I'm 140 at WIOD. There's an open and a line in date 75. One in Broward. Look at that. 524 WIOD. North Miami. Hello? Yes. I know. I have a 19 year old son. That's about to be shipped over. And I just wanted to share a conversation I had with him. Maybe it'll make some people think. I just like to talk to you about it. He said that he's scared. He's concerned about his well-being and the guys that are going over with him feel the same way. But he said that as he grew up, I always helped him to understand what a great country this is. And he realizes that. And he's proud to be doing what he can do to do what's best for this country and for the people that we're trying to help. But the thing that impressed me most is he said he and his buddies were talking. And they said, hey, the Iraqis do something else to make themselves hated and they do some terrible thing to other people. Every day there's some new announcement about what a terrible thing that they're doing. And he said that he'd rather be there having a hand in stopping it than being here totally frustrated like some of us are and not being able to do anything as far as actually doing something about it. We have to do, we have to help in our way by flying the flag and doing what we can. But he said he and his buddies all agreed that they would rather be there actually participating in trying to stop these atrocities than being here like us just being frustrated. Well, that's great. That's great attitude and I'd be pretty proud of our view. I am very proud of that. I thought I would share it with you. Okay, best of luck. Thanks. 142 at WIOD. We have an open line in Dave County, 7519463. And as you watch for example, if you do have a satellite this and you're getting hours and hours of these tape feeds from over there in Saudi Arabia, that seems to be basically the attitude. Obviously, these people are scared out of their pants. Most of them, I mean, they have no idea what's coming next and they're up against the maniac. But at the same time, of their confidence, they've got tremendous training, they've got the best in technology and weaponry and their ranks just to do the job. And that's the attitude that comes through. A mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, how you doing, Neil? Okay. I'm from Miami, George. And I've been listening to your radio station, ever since the situation occurred. Yeah. But not only do I have my headlights on, I have my high beams on it. Right. Definitely support the troops over there. And I'm my heart with all the families of these people. And these idiots that are talking about these, these, of course, we all speak in order to get teams. We got to put our foot down and say, hey, this is the way we want to live. And this is the way that you make the human people should be gathered and try to finish off this madman that's in the situation he thinks he's going to win that I buried out here, it's me doubted with the president and our people that are there. I was born in Cuba, but I was raised in the United States. And I'm American citizen. I'm very proud of that. And my baby is an American citizen. And my wife is too. I support our troops. And if they were to call me to say, hey, if you're a turn buddy, I would be right there with them right next to them. Not behind them or furlum, but side by side with them. Okay. And as far as they're doing a great job, go bless you guys and our troops over here and the desert and power to them. And I hope they have their safe return. Thanks a lot, Jay. Alright, back it up. Bye bye. 143 at WIOD. We have an open line in Dave County 7519463 751 WIOD. Here's a, this is Fort Lauderdale on a Palm Beach line. Hi Neil. How you doing? Oh, pretty good. Hey, I just want to say that Casey Cason bit with hilarious. That's old Casey boy. He's a hololast. Yeah. My wife and I had a son of a good year of brim coming over a half last night. Yeah. And the message came up, turned your head late on South Florida. Great. So you're getting them out to Jeff? Yeah. I'll tell you when I come on at turn, like every day, and I get off at the tool booth and they almost all, I guess some of the people have ripped them off of there. Most of the total things that's have a sign right on it, so support our troops turn on your headlights. That's great. Oh, that's great. Yeah. There's a lot of people out there with that alone still, though. Well, listen, just focus in on a one to do in the rest of them. They're in Lauderdale and don't worry about it. Okay. I just want to call them what you know it. You know, we saw that last night. Great. Okay. And hopefully PR now in a really game fun at some day. There you go. And Ted Jenner. And when I tell the guys in the prison, they're a bunch of dudes back. Okay. Have a great day. This is 45 at WIOD. We have an open line in good old Palm Beach, 6559463. We're launching Scud at 330 this afternoon. We're putting them right on the reddest with back. And we're going to launch him right off in the middle of Palm Beach. That'll fix your ass. Probably hers too. Anyway, it's 145 at WIOD. We're going to do our little apiece of business here. We'll be right back. We've been using Doc Radio 610, WIOD. For over 65 years, we've been covering the news from around the world and South Florida. From World War II to the war in the Gulf. 610 WIOD's experienced new steam brings you all the information as it happens 24 hours a day. Keep it tuned to 610 WIOD throughout the day and into the night. When news happens, you'll hear it on South Florida's news traffic and weather station. New York Radio 610 WIOD. 148 WIOD also want to mention town center in Boka has produced readings from Florida cards. For mailing to US military personnel in the Persian Gulf shopping center customers can pick up these cards free of charge. At participating stores beginning February 7th at the next Thursday, cards can also be obtained at Center Court Guests Services at the town center next Thursday and Friday for 9pm. And next Saturday, February 9th through Thursday, the 14th during all mall hours with the postcard shoppers also get a mailing label to any service person address for either land based or ship based personnel. That's at the town center in Boka. Okay, it's 149. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hi. My statement I wanted to make was the other night on the news. I was watching how they were talking about all the concerns of the children and how it's affecting children today and their anxieties and all the other kind of thing. And I said, boy, it's because they never did care before, but I was simulated wars that they put on TV and the murders and the, you know, how many hundred thousand murders they watched and they were kid in the first place. They all have fears and anxieties. They got over their movies. Yeah. Now all of a sudden they're talking about the war and how it's affecting the children. Why didn't they worry about all the fear they put in the kids before? Well, because it wasn't a major news story and they couldn't get any hype by the time. Right? I guess so. I just, I never did care for scary movies and all these murders. I think that's one of the reasons we have such high crime today in the first place. Of course everybody says that, but nobody does anything about it. Yeah. Well, I support my troops and I turn my lights on. I went out and bought a little flag to put on my antenna. Good. That's sex me too and I see that nobody has their lights on. Of course a lot of people still don't know what's going on. My mother didn't know anything about it until just this past week. Just a couple days ago I let her know what it was all about. Well, depending on where I'm going, I mean, to guess it depends on where you are. West Broward is doing a big job and on the turnpike, but certain parts of town, the news travel slowly. The camel is thirsty and is getting their real slowly. Well, she worked to the place where she didn't watch the news. She doesn't get to watch, she didn't listen to you on the radio. I'm sure that. So, you have to spread the word about now. Okay. Thank you. Keep it up. 1.51 a W.I.O.D. An open line in Broward 5249463 a mobile from the Redlands. Hello. How you doing? Who's this? This is Neal I think. Who's this? Hey Neal, how you doing? Listen to me. The first time I'm calling, I want to ask you if you could breathe me on this harness racing thing. Yeah. What's this all about? I was in the Thoroughlet industry until I got chased out of collar. And I was just listening. I was interested in what this is all about. You have a horse, so we are O.D. or some people. Yeah, it's a promotion. At the station started with Papadou back a couple of months ago. And the people who came on the first night of a certain race all have, somehow passes to get in every time the source races, which includes tonight. And then at the end of the meeting, however much your money the horse makes will be divided up by those people who are there. The most often when he races. So, along the horse, so much of people are O.D. One of the same people on his who owned it originally, the track is going to double the person I used to get a promotion. So that's where he gets some money for our people. And the horse is called Christmas path. Christmas list. Oh, Christmas list. Yeah. A Christmas path of the store. Some day he'll be Christmas past, but right now he's Christmas list. Yeah. So you just go there and you bet on the horse, but I don't do it ownership or whatever. No. But as far as I just want to tell you, there's no one in the people in Iraq. Is there's no innocent people in Iraq? And everybody else in the Gulf. They're all heroes. And that's what I got to say. Okay. Thanks. 152 at WIOD. Here's a call from Fort Laterdale. Hello, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. There's a first time call for me. And I think it's your show that's done. But I want to say something. There's an album out. It's called Thread of Glory. 200 years in America. And you're not feeling too patriotic after you listen to that. It was made in 76 for the by Centennial. And it has been Governor Reagan. And quite a few other ones doing words and music to history. And I took a part of that tape to the pigball. And we put it on the ghetto blasters. All the patriotic music from it. And it really is stirring. And what you're doing. It really. And I'm of that. And I really feel that when we came over to Vietnam. We couldn't wear a uniform. But what you're doing is making all those boys over there. Here, folks. And keep it up. Okay. Thanks a lot. 153 at WIOD. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hi. If I could get away from those two dates at Joe Robby for the game. Boggames. Right. The March 30th and. 31st. Whose plan? Thank you. Norials. They're both the anchororials. Orials will kick the Yankees to straight. Oh, I'm sure that. We hope. Another thing I haven't heard too much is on the Monday. Monday issue of the Harold. Like on what the faith page had. Lee Ruson and some other guys dancing and celebrating in wartime. And none wrong with that. I understand they're celebrating. But UM ticks. Texas is buttoned. The big deal about them dancing and all. And now I don't hear nothing about them dancing in wartime. About who dancing? The the Giants after they won the ball. Yeah. And that didn't make a big deal. But UM dances and. Everybody's talking trash about him. Yeah. Well, listen. Have a great life. And don't get me started with UM football again. Okay. Thank goodness it's over. I am. Hello. Hello. Did you read the home today? I don't get the Harold sir. The ultimate condo command. Oh, you made about the shooting. The 55 year old limit. Who you are? I guess I guess he won't be enforcing that limit anymore. They're willing. Why? I don't think the president's going to be around to live in person. I don't know how people live in condominiums. Well, they're massacous. There. I guess they enjoy every second of it. That's right. I just thought you might have. I don't know. If I'm there. If I'm there. If I'm there. If I'm there. But if I'm there. What are you going to do? If you were there, you can. If you're there, you can. If you're there, you can. If you're there, you can. The first thing I need to do is imagine. If you're there. I could say no. But you can imagine. Yes sir. Okay. How do we have a great life? One 55, a WWI. Have you got that? a market retirement condominiums board president was shot to death there's the allegedly by a condo owner who became enraged after being told he could not lease out his unit to somebody under the age of 55. So we have warfare and a Persian Gulf and we have certain domestic activities are going on here in South Florida and I'm really sorry he brought that up because I did a great job of getting through the entire just to get you all crazy anyway let's I don't want to hear his name again today okay just give me a couple of an hour and a half of rest from you know who let's go to North Miami Beach hello hey Neil yeah how you doing good I just want to congratulate you on all the good things you do for the troops and I want to say here at the Hoover Company in North Miami Beach we support the troops 100% we hope they kick ass and come home safe they're doing it thank you sir okay 1227 at Wiod we have an open line in date county 7519463 751 Wiod take a call in beautiful day be hello Neil hi okay I remember last week you had us call up to Miami heat above the national anthem the way they weren't playing the national anthem well I've been trying to get through to you since then I called up and I spoke to a lady there I can remember her name and she said it was the heat policy not just not to play the national anthem because the people didn't know the words that's the truth is standing here what people the audience they don't know the words that's what you did I said is that the official heat policy that's why you play America beautiful she said yeah I said well I'm sure glad I'm not in the NBA basketball too that well that's how the experience we're doing to many headlights on in in the day county people don't know what's going on you wanted to tell you as well a great book called inside the PLO yeah can't remember the author because I'm kind of nervous talking to you but it's really my two guys and excellent lot of insights group on all sorts of shady characters that in the book I believe so yeah it's high bro but it's a lot of stuff a lot of interesting stuff and let me see oh yeah her has a 10 nights on this morning among a million other cars coming down coming down day to go this morning so I guess we're doing it in Davy okay okay everything well I knew 1231 a WIO did a Diann and Davy we have an open line in Broward 5249463 I don't tell you about Toyota of Hollywood right now if you want one of those beautiful well built fuel efficient 91 Toyota is you'll find the biggest selection the best 1235 a WIO D boy they just had that erarchy ambassador to the u.s. who is fled by the way to uh... more is it all three of the internet I think is where he's hanging out he denies that he's looking for political song he probably went out there to get some sausage or something but he's very upset about this rampant slaughter of innocent Iraqi civilians the whole world should be condemning us they just had some Iraqi woman on CNN standing in the middle of the rubble shaking her finger you are all responsible for this you're doing this for oil we are human beings you are all right she started like the protest is out in San Francisco stick around there on the golden gate bridge without its benefit okay give a remap my heart is bleeding for you lady how about the million people who died in the Iranian Iraq war ha million I said thousands before I was wrong it's over a million not to copy hundreds of thousands of people who were slaughtered murdered rape tortured in Kuwait man that's another story right market is down 8.92 let's go to del Rey hello right now and first time I told you that you think you got your just doing a great job thank you you know and I just the something else came up a couple things really bought me a warrant to say but the lady that was on her earlier saying about you know residents afraid that uh... you know there's not out there and I tell you I've been a cop in here for ten years and as she sounds like she ought to listen to her husband sounds like a smart guy there are some nuts out here you bet she ought to keep it you know just that home and with friends and support the troops and everybody supporting the troops I think it's great did you see in this morning right after uh... I like to call it who's saying that work news uh... when the guy had to the civilian and he's sitting in this this wreckage in this rubble he's sitting there saying he goes if you want to wait you can have to kill us but yet the uh... you at the press it's over there is pushing to these numbers entered and they're saying we're well the same family work we're killing all these citizens but yet they get a citizen on the TV saying that uh... you want to wait about when the Palestinians when the when the last two scuds dropped on the west bank on the Palestinians and their comments were we don't care okay in other words no matter what he does it's okay and there was one of the Palestinians running around to speak English was saying along live saddam he's going to destroy the york he's going to wipe you all out you know they're all putting out a knack for the cameras he listen i have no sympathy for these people their lunatics they're insane and uh... you know they brought it on themselves i just don't understand i mean how can these people sit over there and say yes we support him go ahead bomb us but uh... you know i have to have a mask you know give me a mask you know i'm not going to sit around and have this happen to write support him and the people in in uh... i rack every time they get on TV and it and it was repress over there right now you see a lot more of but there's the stand around every time you see him and they're saying i support him i don't know they're putting out a good show for the cameras just like the protest well yeah i'd like to refer to the same as that work news right eight and in yeah i just understand that's pretty much all i wanted to say it and i think these press guys on these i'm starting to turn it off like you said uh... i watch it when something looks like it's coming on out of the turn she and in back on but uh... the press every time they have one of these these briefings on that not been watching them like daily every day and he's these these newspaper guys and they're just pressing them for numbers and the guys are saying we can't give you this because it's going to kill our true yeah well that's you know that's why we can't we carry the briefings on io d here we carry the statement that's made by the military and then we cut out of it because the question uh... it all most of the 90 percent of the questions our questions they know there can't answer anyway so it's a real waste of time to keep saying it over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over well i got to make they got to make it look like they're doing a job yeah i guess they're going to do something yeah i have a great day twenty one to one a wio d i saw a plantation police car with his lights on yesterday on knob hill road i couldn't believe it he didn't even have a radar gun way to go guys you're doing it they're kicking ass in plantation usually they're all cross-prings is gone are you there long gone that's a clicking line south my amy hello hi Neil hi i had there was a couple things i wanted to say first of all i'm a jew from my amy and when the way you know that you wanted us to call land you don't have a banjo on your need though do you pardon you don't have a banjo on your need no because i have my i got my uh... rebel flag here with my yarmac i've got a yarmac uh... dixie uh... reggae i'm the kid that i caught that you in the parking lot eight months ago to get in your show for the anniversary show to get a my show you remember that i stopped you in the parking lot i wanted to get on the anniversary show oh yeah right i wanted to say hi and there was a couple things i wanted to say too i think it's about time that people started realizing what the true motives of the power the pilo is and that when people keep talking about wanting to go sheading and putting pressure on Israel the set up with these people everybody's quick to forget about the unique and about anti-be and about all all of the acts of the been responsible for and the true charter of their organization is first the destruction of Israel right then the creation of a homeland i heard a line this morning somewhere they were one of the uh... palestinians was talking about uh... there the legitimate right to uh... palestine i didn't know that there was a country called palestine i thought it was Jordan and Israel yeah and i thought they said in forty seven that they wanted it all or nothing but uh... i think you're doing an incredible job and he make me laugh every day and uh... this reminds me of the old days i know you don't want to go back but it's always for change okay it is nice and i'm listening have a good week on i like that twelve forty and w i o d we have an open line in date county seven five one nine four six three and i'm gonna say again what i said yesterday uh... it's very very disturbing to me and i'm sure to a lot of other people especially jews that this whole thing about uh... israel and the palestinians has somehow gotten dragged in this this alleged linkage in the discussions it hasn't gotten thank goodness in the wedding negotiations that we're going on but into discussions of this and of course that's the constant excuses to uh... stand up those palestinian people and keep clumping them around all it's the poor palestinians that's what the real problem is in the middle east and again let me ask any rational person including any uh... propelotide people out there what does that have to do with invading kawait and killing thousands of people and raping the women and torturing and uh... plucking isa doing the kinds of it and then saying oh it's part of a rack now we just annexed it how how is it possible for anybody who's even got one marble between his ears to make any kind of relationship between those things and obviously it's not but again there are those people in the media who just keep getting sucked into that sucked into that and just keep going back to that as if one has anything at all to do with the other the only thing it points out is that if israel wasn't there at all if we woke up tomorrow morning and the population of israel was dispersed all through the rest of the world that didn't exist anymore we just a barren desert it would it would change nothing because the fanatical error elements all the different factions over there they would still find other things to be killing each other over and let me say it again they weren't used for the most part in kawait there may be a handful there are other Arabs so that i'm as brothers that he keeps talking about that he keeps trying to type up into joining japan on the bandwagon to self destruction for forty two a wio d a mobile in my name is spring hello hi i want to point out something that uh i find a bit hypocritical even though i agree with your position on this to take to the issue on the war there are a lot of liberal Jews like yourself cleric king persons even though so large from the earth who are normally anti-analy type of military aggression to help other people liberate their homeland help other people with their problem such as what central america for example get when it comes to the way to men who says that i was against what we didn't Panama i wasn't against that was i against what we did in a libea what eight to the contrary that's right i was very much against it so was Stephen solar for sure exactly and so was lary king for example the way to what if something is such a huge host of your heart you suddenly stand up they are in america let's go out and pick some blood what about a zami close to my heart do i have some kind of ties with kawait you have some kind of guys with Israel o i see so in other words this this bears out what i just got through saying it's very timely what i just said a moment ago this doesn't get the start of this had nothing to do with this real so start landing on your own and head has nothing to do with it yeah and what what's the point my and my anti-semitic friend what's the point i'm not anti-semitic here you are i support Israel but i support Jews like Benjamin Netanyahu will stand up for the right of country such the people of nicoid was to take care of her so in other words if we don't agree with you on every position of foreign policy then somehow we're hypocrites is that what you're saying or hypocrites because now you're ready to kick but and when we need it even so large and float back in 1979 yeah in 1980s the fun of country is he was out there talking about what or what or what right yeah but the countries who are busy pedaling drugs into an a great job raising money so you're okay and and the violating the laws of the nation okay let's have a big parade for all in ortho again okay so i'm not going to take the time like i've said a million times during these last two weeks i don't do this topical crap anymore what we're doing here is because there's a war going on we're serving a function that i feel is needed i think this station is doing a great job i'm not going to get sucked back into that kind of crap okay if you want to call ft on have a big argument with one of their mavens have a great time but don't impule my motives and don't give me a big song to dance because i don't happen to agree with you on every issue the threat is not just the Israel the threat is to the entire globe when you have a madman on the loose like this who's killed millions of innocent people and gas to zone people so please save all your venom for for somebody else oh god 1253 will play a drapla bomba with ronal ragan juniors just a second while we can find it anyway there's mr. a pacifist in the other room just came in you know i learned an interesting thing about him the other day was talking about when he was in the navy but he was also out there protesting he's another one of those professional protesters that's what he is i saw a whole bunch of people when i left yesterday protesting your show they got that loretta twit on today man let's get serious anyway let's go to north Miami Beach hello oh i'm doing okay first of all i'd like to say that that uh i've only been down for a couple weeks and my introduction to my amy with the listen to your show on the way in as though it's going to radio station is trying to find something listen to right after the injured thank you i am very impressed in fact it gave me a good impression about the area when i got down well don't get carried away i do think that there's one thing that we ought to remember uh just like to put on your show that a lot of people behind the scenes that that don't get a lot of credit don't get the fame etc that we've got guys over across uh over in Saudi and and obviously i am very touched about that i'm in the middle of turn myself but there's a lot of guys over here that support those guys over there you know and uh singing supplies and and basically a backup just like the guys behind you you know that help people on your show i think we are a member of those and that's another another another group that i think ought to be recognized and that's the people who are here trying to keep the terrorist acts down to a minimum yeah uh and those are people behind the scenes that we don't hear about i mean if they catch somebody if they stop something we don't even know about it doesn't show up in the news and uh i just like to say that that when i have my lights on i have my lights on for all of them not just the guys over there frightened of who i my heart was out to you know i go over myself if i wasn't need to come play south but somebody above me makes a decision about where we go okay all right thanks a lot thank you co-op 55 at WIOD we have an open line of Dave County 7519463 Lodderhill yes hi hi I know i'm the first time listen uh i mean the first time for whatever yeah whatever okay uh this one uh first well thank you help me keep my lights on i'm gonna remember until i was here you are a stupid mention on a radio i got my flag up over my garage i just put up yesterday and you know i'm just feeling very proud these days but the something that's bothering me about these peace protesters you know um i'm no supporting our boys over season everything but uh what really bothers me is these people who are accustomed these protesters you know trying to physically stop them from doing what they're doing and exercising their right of free speech there reminds me of a story that uh if what's put in my father's he's to tell me someone he knew who was a POW and the momma and the sky said that one of the ways that they were trying to torture him was showing him pictures of uh protests is back in America who were burning the flag and everything and showing trying to break his spirit showing people burning the flag and protesting and for war and everything else and this guy used to say that uh one thing that kept him going is knowing that in America you're allowed to do that without getting arrested or anything and that's what it's all about for us to do that and a rack will be hit mom or any place else you know a lot of places in the world they'll just throw you in the flammery you know i don't think they waste time in a slamer it's off of your head and that's it yeah well yeah in a lot of the Arab countries yeah and i was gonna uh also about to compliment you and how you handle this to the three corners about uh that last time it was definitely something like a anti-tempo well whether he was or he wasn't i mean these right wing fanatics who see you know this business of if you weren't with me on this issue uh it's hypocritical that you're agree on this one that's just a polycrack okay all all these people that can't get together for that would be like president bush getting up in the state of the union address and chastising all the democrats or republicans in the congress who didn't go along with them on other issues i mean it would be juvenile and there's some people who can't see beyond petty politics or their own personal prejudices and i just don't have the patience for people like that i mean this is an american issue and obviously there are people with different shades of opinion and people don't agree but the overwhelming majority who do agree do so because they understand what what it's really all about and to try to bring in any kind of an ethnic or religious or any other kind of ulterior motives to it is really pathetic there's a thing it's interesting that uh if you get people who are the Palestinian origin in the middle east or really any of the Arabs and if they decide to hourly take a moderate stand that all of a sudden their uh business is get boycotted their families will get beat up in threatened yeah a lot of times even worse and i think that's a big issue well you're dealing with a mops of what a mentality that's absolutely hopeless and again these uh they've chosen their leadership and this is the faith that they've made for themselves and it is never going to change unless they decide that they can overthrow the aerofets and the ablity dolls and the other lunatic extremists and find a more moderate leadership they're going to be wandering forever and they'll be continued use as a pawn in a big chest and that's all they are they're the most exploited people on the face of the globe sure they keep complaining that we don't listen to them listen to them you know how can we well why should we listen to them when they're only to don't even listen to them they're all you know most of those countries are ruled by tyrants and just look at three of the fires they're at yeah well one of the i forget who was made a comment yesterday about that they were comparing how fast i've uh how fast i saw it of Syria with uh uh who's saying and he said the only differences that sadama who's saying's got a bigger military so that's the only difference at all well listen you have a great day thank you thanks for calling open line at Broward 5249463 and uh we're going to pause for the news with the lane editor coming up at one o'clock and then we'll come back for our one to two hour we got Rick and Scott coming along from two to six this afternoon star of stayed screen and anything else you can think of it says loretta sweat of mash is going to be here's that in the studio did you find out you don't know do we ever find anything out he's to listen such as two busy running around with his award protest t-shirt and the lighting the uh flag on fire at channel seven and just crouching down on a map there with Rick Sanchez cut it out so as you're acting like a jackass Joseph Gackie and Sunny Hershey on sports talk 605 tonight hey Goldberg open phones tonight from 821 11