When any of the under 64 immigrants? Whoo! In, credible. Here's a piglet port on a starline. Fail! Yeah! Hey, let's just look quick back out. I'm not there now, but just to get nice and 75, you know, on that turn bike. Yeah. Right at the bottom, baby, waiting pretty. Okay. And let's now say something real quick about the dolphin. Yes, sir. Pops will be just a tonic from birth. I'm not really a football fan. I mean, those of the lands, whenever it's nothing too, I think they're going to be a big proud of. But, you know, I live here now, so I start to Bruce of the team. Exactly. Get on a bandwagon. And you know something else? I got to be honest with you when they got to the start. And I was still putting up a town, having a good town in the living room. But when they came back and started, they did in those three places. And before you know it, they were already on the same dial. I thought it was a big joke. And I gave up my hope. And my girl told me, well, don't give up now. You know, there's still time. And I said, no, they're going to kick that field, go. I kind of felt bad because that I gave up. And I guess that was wrong. But I'm glad I hang in there, pal. I don't hang in there. It ain't over till it's over. Very tell you, so that was exciting. It was fun. I guess I'm fine. I wish I could have been there. Just to see everybody going nuts like that. You could tell her if it was just one of the best games to be at. Ever. So let me tell you, I'm going to ask a couple of football questions. I know nothing about football. I really quick. Real quick. If the dolphin's beat the fives, or when the dolphin's beat the both, that means what did they go? They play the winner of the Raider Bangalore game. Okay, and that's the AFC championship. All right, now is that the second season, the Super Bowl after that game? Well, whoever wins that game goes to the Super Bowl against the winner of the NFC. Oh, okay. All right. So in other words, just like, three more games. Right, so there's still three ways for me to get in it. Probably exciting. Well, I'm going to be there at Joe Raider. I'm going to check out that the bar there and set it. Okay, Tony. Hi, let's go take it easy. Audio. All right. Well, 33 now. That's from Paparot Park. Okay, and the piece on his two. Okay, it's 12.39. It's just too much stuff going on here today, man. Why can't everybody be like Miriam? She's like lightning. She came in here, sniped that hair. She's on here. She is incredible. And now Phil's sauceman's bugging me. Oh, I forgot to mention, by the way, Joe's sauceman picked five winners. The day that we were out there Friday at Calder, of course, not even paid over a dollar. He had the bet three for 20, 20 to 60. Phil, your picking was great, but the prices were brutal. Brutal. All right. Well, the first race is over already. So we can't pick that. Oh, there's Clara's boy in a second race. That's it. How can we go against Clara's boy? Well, I'm going to pick against him. Okay. He's got the rail in the six for long race. Parsemonius and Heraburo Casti. I'm going with Junior. Parsemonius, I can't pick Clara's boy. I just can't do it. It probably went. All right, 1240, let's go to Miami. Hello. Yeah? Yeah. I got it. Was talking to you about that, all right? Yeah. It was all wrong. But I don't listen. I can't take the luxury. I mean, there are like six people in the whole audience. We have a satellite dish. And one woman in Carl Springs is still waiting for Dennerburg to do something. I can't put the whole audience into the coma with another terminal thing on satellite. I look for it to satellite today. 1241, a WOD, we have an open line of day count. What is going on around here, man? What is going on? The phone is ringing and this one is in that. This place is still not come back from the holidays. It really has it. This place is so disoriented and this organized and yesterday, I'm listening to Rick and Southern Marvin's wandering route of building and the traffic is from other stations on it. This place is like hysteria city. Let's all settle down and get back to the reality is of the cool harsh world, okay? West Palm Beach. You know what's up, buddy? You go out and buy some lottery tickets and went out in 27 million. How's it going? Pretty good, pal. True dolphin here. I was at the game the other day. Okay. And that place was rocking. It was rocking and sucking, man. He was like, wow, you almost had a look to ride and make sure you wear my amy. I couldn't believe it. I really, and especially when the crowd was like leaving, everybody was singing and chanting. Yep. Incredible. It was fantastic. This also saw that movie. You talked about last night. Great flick. Backfire. Backfire. Hello. Hello. You're going to talk about it. I almost forgot about it. Yeah, I know. You want to talk about it. It was an outstanding move. What happened in the beginning? I kind of got in a little bit. I didn't see the very beginning, but just in the beginning, came back from Vietnam and he kept having all these flashbacks. I didn't see the first few minutes. I was in the bed. Oh, yeah. Well, he kept was plotting with the first boyfriend that to do a man and work out perfectly. And the first boyfriend chickened out and the kind of guy. He did a great job. You're very complicated. He kind of got his head handed to her. This sort of sneak. Yeah. I was on a platter around the bed. I was pretty good. Yeah. How about, you know, what do you think about this buffalo game coming up? You think Miami is going to rush a few more people and like three people at a time? Well, I don't. After all these games who played this, we're going to have a pass rush in this game. I'll believe it when I see it. That's probably the weakest link on a team is that we give the other quarterback all day through that ball. Yeah, he could have a ham sandwich back there. Yeah. That's the only thing that I just, um, desperately praying for. But we'll see, you know, never, never know. You've got a lot of, buffaloes. Buffalo's had a lot of erratic games. Do I not try to sound cocky about the game, but they've had a lot of erratic games where they just, uh, were off their feet. We can get by that. I think we'll, we'll make it to the silver ball. Yes, sir. You know, it, okay, uh, built a douchebag. Okay. Take care now. Well, 43 and other ratings are what happened to the old days. You know, these people don't care about any of their stations anymore. What, what do they care about? Anything? Man. Except calm on the bat line. Who the hell is that on the bat line now? Who is that? Who? Phil Who? Phil Who? Okay. There he is. I just got, my head is swimming. I feel like Esther Williams. Oh, I'm sorry. That was bad. I don't want to be ostracized. Huh? Esther Williams was never this big. That whole silly crap over there. Boy, are they desperate or what? But I'm waiting for house announcement. That would all the other stuff. We heard that a million times before. Put you the good stuff out. Come on. We have an open line in Palm Beach, 6559463. So, and I got to tell you something. Here's a guy, Norman Kent, who is a friend who's my lawyer. And he works there doing mornings on light bulb radio. He has no clue what's going on over there. Are you aware of this? Was he not just on the phone there during the watercloth? They knew newsbrake? And everything he told me was garbage. It was a bunch of crap. And it wasn't the guy on the phone before. And he's not out with out of the day. But he's going to go on with him. And the bat line, the moon is in Uranus. And all, Norm, you haven't got to clue. I think the baseball card stuff is getting to your brain. That rotisserie baseball is starting to affect your mind. Okay? Two many micphalucky cards. 1247 at WIO Dean, where were ostracized? Were cut short from society. And if you don't believe it, just take a peek. Here's the X10W. It's an extra question. We never looked at night. Was Hank on it all during this sub book? Why did Hank go on here at night? Of course he's never on anyway. When did he go on? In November? I don't remember it. Where the hell is nighttime 12 plus? Okay, let's so fumble for that while we take a call from Boko. Hey, Neil, what's going on? We're doing it. Good. This is Rico Tico train from Boko at dawn over here. I wonder what happened in the 20, 20,000 pounds of beef in Kansas City. Hey, you're on a wrong show, Rico. Call up Rick and Pot. Okay, that's your deal. Give your beef to them. All right, don't even know what they'll show you's listen to. Oh, let's see. Where's the 7th midnight? Here we go. 12 plus? Not in the first page? Why didn't Hank go on? We don't know. About a month ago? We don't know. Um, not on the second page. Coast 3, 4, and night. IOD, 29 to a 3, 3. That's the highest number right? A little while. We'll give the credit to Hank. Okay, he deserves it. Maybe he'll give us a tip someday. Poor fellow, come in. We have an open line at Broward 524Wild. Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing it. Very good. Neil, I need some numbers for some of the Hispanic stations. Why is that? On the FM dial? On the FM dial? Yes, sir. Lay it on us. We can't let it. How did XDJ do? My name's your Sunday 6th midnight. Um, okay. Boy, here's the guys. He didn't give me the address. What's the station you work on? Uh, competition. Oh. WXDJ, that's radio, read more. 1, 2, 1. 2554? Well, you were first 12 plus. No, I want to be 12. Well, no. One at the time. I got her right here. I'm going to be 12 plus. 4, 0 to 3, 4. Okay. Okay. Now, if you work at a competition, you should be happy about it. Yeah. How'd seem to do? Well, just a minute. 25 to 54. Here we go. 6th to midnight. Now, what do you want to know? XDJ. WXDJ. There, let's see. Not on there from a 4, 5 down to 3, 8. Well, for the CMQ from a 3, 1 to a 3, 9. Beat them. Well, yeah. Yeah. All right. Very good. Say hi to us. Thank you, Neil. We have an open line in date County, 751, versus a douchebag, 751, WXDJ. Here's a hand came on November 20th. So this includes about a, uh, a little bit of a hand. Yeah. That's right. I don't want to say which partners we can't say that on the air. Well, Steve can say a lot. Mobile in Palm Beach. Good morning. When is this? And how are you today? When is Saturdays? Yeah. I wanted to tell you, you were right. Your buddy that called Chuck E. He's been, uh, you've been taking a high-hard win for the past hour. I'd have to. Oh, boy. I am. Did you know that you are an emotional basketball. Absolutely. And, uh, we follow. I'll tell you, guard half, um, guard half, um, offer to pay for your therapy. If you agree to go. Oh, I'm so impressed. Do I have to wait? Do I have to wear a dress or a skirt when I go? I think just, would you believe they just started taking calls about 10 minutes ago? And about 75% of what I've been able to hear because I'm up for a point now. And there's, uh, some dull race station that just bleeding all over. Yeah, it's great. Uh, you'll be surprised to be a monocolors that are thin. You know, get off your high-lars and, you know, leave the poor guy alone. Yeah. Or else maybe Alice should make a little statement and kind of clear the air. Well, they won't be a major letter. Or the letter that was meant to you. Yeah. And, uh, it was a very emotional experience for everyone involved. Why is that? We already told a story about Alice at the palace. It was a joke. I mean, and now they're trying to make a big sexual thing out of it? Well, it's not only that, but they're saying, you know, 22 kids a day. Yeah, right. Because they listen to this show, right? Let me say this to you. Okay. I don't want to dignify them by going on too much, but I'm going to repeat what I said yesterday. When other people in my position are as out front and open and, you know, as I am, I can laugh about it and have a good time and tell other people to do the same thing. And not take any crap from everybody, no matter what they are, then we'll have something. Okay. So why doesn't this crackpot take his time and effort and go after the people who are harassing Gaze and other minorities instead of going on here, try to help WFCL, you know, make some waves. I help Alice get out of it. Yeah, the guy from what I'm told he's a personal friend of Ali was on Al Shou on WS News. And if they're so contrived and, of course, in the back of my mind, I really have to wonder who is behind all of this, contrived controversy. I wouldn't want to suggest by any scripted imagination that anybody we all know and love could have whipped this up. You know, two again, manipulate, use neo-rodges as the battering ramp to get attention, but do you think there's any possibility of that Steve? Oh, excuse me. Well, I guess what they're trying to say is, you're emotionally disturbed and you're just ashamed of what's going on. That's right. That's why I'm in the closet right Alice. Oh, is that a little backward, I guess, huh? Oh, well. Have a great life, Phil. Thanks for the report. And it's interesting. We certainly haven't been flooded with reports, halfway. Isn't that amazing? I wonder why? We have an open line on the star line, it's star iOD. And no, I'm, let me just convey a message to Norm Kent. You know, if you're going to be on a station playing radio and pretending to be a whatever you're supposed to be, at least, like, find out what's going on over there. Will you, you're giving us some bum information, okay? And we've got to depend on our codder spies out there to find out what's really going on. Well, let's see, Norm's office, though, is building with a lot of heavy cement wall. Probably can't pick it up in there, right? Are you still working on an American? You get a, yeah? No, I can't. I really can't. Wow, I'm telling you, Barrow has been back there. He's been twisting it and turning it at the antenna that is, and just can't handle it. A pig report on a mobile. Hey, Neil. Yeah. They're out here, all, oh, 95 right now. Yeah. They're like, six in the middle, under the bridge, and they're six in front of, and all cars, not hiding. Where's that? I just will be cleaning your motto, road and glaze. Between your mama road? The motto, who? Who is? They try to get me, but I slow down too quick. Uh-huh. Yeah, I was coming in this morning on the turn-fight. They're on just when you get around the Jorabi stadium there, you know, there's that overpand, and he's sitting up there on the overpand. Uh-huh. A pig on the bridge. Huh? Do you want you called that, though? I want you to pick on a platter. There you go. Everybody who's driving by is y'all in jump, jump. Uh-huh. Have a great day. How you, what I want to do, my Civic, all American duty, by letting everybody know that they're out there. You're great American, sir. Thank you. Okay. Slow down. Tough if the Adanolu cars, no, in fact, they didn't have all of the new cars on the sport. They were doing a thing on a CBS morning news from the auto show, the big auto show, and Detroit that opens in a couple of days like a little preview. And Leia Kokom was to board out the whole CBS network. There was all they were showing you, it was basically at least the part that I saw, Christly, uh, the Dodge, the Viper, which is going to be incredible, which Rick Rally's already ordered to her three, but after he sees the book he may sell one. But, um, I don't understand that. What was that all about? All they kept seeing was, uh, Christly this and Dodge that, and, uh, I'm sure they were, and we didn't see like a BMW, a big $75,000 beamer. But I'd, uh, maybe I just missed the good parts. For Lauderdale. Any other stuff? How you doing? You're at the Instagram, I want you to. Yes, sir. And the amateur great. It was phenomenal. It was unspeakable. That's came out of the event. In history of mankind, could be one of the great games in history of the league. So Laud. Yeah. Great. I have about family though. You get pretty good. That's right. Maybe he, maybe you've got a wake-up call. The board always looks like you'd like to be walking. No. It looked like it was played touch football. And he was really hitting the whole pretty hard. You bet. We definitely need offered all that too. Amen. Let's kick their ass. I want to say Lou Horses of the Duce bag. Well said, pal. I can't see it. What a great call. Hey, really. I mean, he really capsulized the entire world right there in about 30 seconds, which is just what we needed because you're laying is not taking no for an answer. She's got that news in that news. Realme, she's not taking a crap from anybody anymore. That's your new year's resolution. For many of those real old guys. Rick and Soz with the PayPal and Challenge to the sixth of Saturday, Noon Sports Talk at 605. Hank Goldberg with quarterback coach Gary Steans. I've been trying to get that in all the time. We just keep running the music. Keep running that seven at Wild and I just want to say this. I had a couple of calls off the year during the news. So I know what's going on with Alice and with FTO and with Charles, whatever is real name is. And there is no question in my mind who was orchestrated this Fiasco, this debacle, this outrage over there. And quite frankly, most people are not listening to it anyway. And secondly, you don't know what it reminds me of, but I was on Zeta. And certain unnamed parties were going after me when we don't talk about on this station. And I told you why and we won't. And certain individuals over here with the initials SK were calling this party's everyday and eating and abetting and feeding with a lot of crap. And then when I came over here all of a sudden, tables turned around, wow. Why? What am I saying? And now Steve, you're trying to do it with somebody else because you have this up to talk about neurosis. You've got this obsession with neorodges that's like beyond, I mean, so far beyond the scope of anything normal or acceptable. It's just an obsession. And you really believe you're going to build a whole radio station by Neil Bashin, every day and talking about Neil Rard, I got this for that kid's old real old. I mean, I do a lot of Bashin, but I'll express it around a little bit, okay? In addition to which, well, I'm not even going, I wouldn't even dignify by going into it, okay? Poor Latterdale. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. My family jewels are ticklish and Steve can is guide. Let's go to Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. This is Bob. How you doing, Bob? Good. How are you today, Neil? Okay. I just have a problem with this guy as the Miami-Herald Edwin Pope, writing down that the Dawson's man handled, Dawson's line of the chief. I think he was a little outrageous by saying that, don't you? Yeah, little carried away. Little carried away. And also. First in a quay, what do you gain like 80 some odd yards and you only played mostly in the second hand? Great. Great. Where is I think this guy was watching the rerun of the... Well, Edwin the Pope is just, he's in the twilight zone. He thinks he's a big timesport's writer, and he writes for the Herald. So you got to understand, I'd look the other way. Yeah. I think he hit the confess and his sand and the first half a little too much. Yeah, like some of the fans did. Yeah, that's true. Another question, Neil. Why don't we do this for the Dawson? Yeah, we have a show up there. Save the money and put the money to the commrose house. Have a great life, pal. All right, great. 109 at WIOD. We have an open line at daycounty. So whatever you understand what that means? No. 7501, 9463. Let's go to a mobile and dear field. Hey, Neil. How you doing? My speaker phone's stock. Yeah, I can tell. I can barely hear you. How's this? Is that better, sir? That's great. Okay. Sorry about these people bad, yeah. And they've got to get a life anyway. Well, no, but it's just so pathetic. I mean, it's so transparent. There's desperate attempt to make like a whole radio station out of Neo Rogers 24 hours. Yeah, I want they just put my picture on your billboards or whatever. But most they're gonna have and just call it Neo Rogers radio It's unprecedented. I've never heard of such a thing. Maybe get some royalties out of it. There you go. Maybe Steve is on a win You have. Yeah, you're here. Yeah, I'm here. It's a crappy connection As far as it's open go that was a great game and Everybody's saying oh, they're gonna go up the buffalo and everybody does the poor. Oh, I think they're gonna rise the occasion Well, first of all anybody who was saying that is some kind of a fan Okay, I mean I realized we could get whipped again up there. It's possible buffaloes out of a team But you know, it's a game. It's one day one game anything can happen. Okay, so if you're a real fan You don't say those kind of things you're optimistic and you hope for the best, but you don't they say third time the charm Okay, thank good day. My way beat him the first time. Anybody forget that we beat the crap out of down here 31 to six today. But I forget that I guess We have an open line of date county 75 one and one on the star line star Iod who is that? Bill Salzman is online already. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, I can't What he must have had a hell of a new year. You know, I think he was out of my mushroom field and Ojas One night in a W. Iod Pompado a couple things first of all in regards to the Pompano harness track. Yeah, when I read on the program Need a little bit of vice here Norges SVD Desh and then ground your OU and the Saving ground what does that mean? It means a horse is stayed on a rail all the way or most of the way in this That's not usually a very good sign In other words, if a horse is second or third and it's a saved ground I mean it doesn't mean he won't run well the next time, but it means it might look like he raised better than he did because he stayed on the inside Oh, he'd never made a movie to stay on the inside right well he never made a move off the rail Kind of like I was bald old for me. Yeah, there you go, actually. Did he ever race that horse again by the way? I don't yet where is it? I don't think it makes you'll be in the barn. Maybe you left town By the way, when you went to your break, I kind of switched over to Alice at Alice and I think they made them fake doing what they're doing. They're getting bad You're pretty bad. I don't know if you're monitoring or not. No, I don't know I didn't first of all I couldn't pick it up here if my life depended on inside the building you can hear it in the car a little bit out on 79 But inside of building no way and secondly, I mean I'm embarrassed for them I mean first of all here's the guy comes on here. Oh, I have no desire to talk about Neo We're gonna talk issues. We could talk about the Middle East all of stuff that's going out in the world today And the best taken do is to bring this guy on who's a personal friend of his who do even uses real name You such a such a coward and come on a year to attack me and to make up all kinds of crap You know if they wanted I mean that's all A fantasy but if that's what Alice show is gonna consist of I think at least we had a little honesty in there So why doesn't he tell us what he's all about? Okay, if he's so concerned about Neo and my sex life or red sex life And what I'm interested in and what I say why don't we hear more about him? It's his show That's what the rest can he has no end He has no answers when you know when the people who work with him on his own station call him a whim But I'm not making that up that he was called that twice yesterday by people who work in his own station I think that should give you good reason why you know cowards it's back there bring bring somebody else on the bash me Why can't he do it himself? Maybe you don't have the balls to do it. Maybe somebody ought to check have a great day sir. Good luck Unbelievable just incredible but just predictable You know like I said when Steve first started over there bring all his friends over and start this whole thing and manipulate people and try to get people Do this to say that and it's amazing because Norm Kent's telling me just as recently as a couple of days ago Oh, I'll has no desire to talk about you and Steve is the one that keeps suppushing him to do this Steve and of course we know that's true I remember the the most embarrassing shows I ever heard in my life was when Steve was over here And I was still at Zeta and he brought in Bob Coons that is good pal Rick Simon with whom he's joined at the hip and they proceed It was almost I guess probably you've already made them what they're doing over there today with different cast of characters And making up all this fantasy about who I do this with and who I got dream about and who either it's amazing because these are people I don't even socialize with and ever had and yet they've got all this Fantasy in their heads and of course Steve is fit as whole adult life out of psychiatrists couch and Yeah, he has produce over there at all all the rest of us that we're not such a veteran so Atoboy Steve and they're no homeless either they're all just a bunch of bones I mean King Paul I got news for like I said before you disgrace to the business you change format every five minutes And you turn you know the keys over to your station to a bunch of guys to play radio I think it's embarrassing I was gonna buy a car I'd have to really think pretty long to heart about that, you know 22 after one a WIO G for Loderdale A Niel yes The only good thing about us The Is between a loving at night and about three in the morning you don't have to listen any commercial Did you know that why is that? I guess they just worked for free who knows well Craig is on from ten to two isn't he? It's very good. Well, you'll never hear me not Craig Craig is a good friend of mine and a good guy And you know that's right and you never will hear it either because Craig is not a phony baloney And not a not a Desperado. He's a good guy. He's got a good talent. He's like wishener. He just doesn't know say that But yeah, he just goes in and entertains. He's got a good sense of humor and you'll never hear me not Craig. That's for sure Niel I'm going to Vegas again on Monday. Yes, sir. I went and I guess yeah a couple years ago I had serious I'm illness and I listened to you talk about your trip when you stayed at the proper can of stuff That if I ever get better, I'm gonna go Or I went now I guess then I had a great time. How can you not have a great time? I've told the nicest people in the world a nice oven 20 years in the air force as they see him as I see in Vegas you bet Even the guy I don't want job they had there all night you bet and This time I'm gonna be saying at the Aladdin I did say at the tropical can of like you said you stayed Yeah, which was nice, but then have a horse room You know a sports boy Ali Aladdin's got a decent sports book not great. It's okay But let me tell you what happened in Menele I was tired and Run down when I got there For more my surgery, but the second day when I found the sport book at the Aladdin I had four tracks going in between races as running out playing roulette shoot right I was waiting to do it In fact my friend of what was a trip you look like you never was gonna day in the hospital I just got friends with a hundred days in there I have to Thank you a little bit for my recovery Okay, well go what don't if you make a big killin out there just remember us, okay? Well, I remember Dr Joe Greer don't know what time okay? Do it that way you know him? No, I sure don't very appreciative Okay, good luck to you sir. Let us know how you make up okay? Okay, what 24 mr. Riley's in the building mr. Riley? What Got kind of a quim now if you heard any of this attack that's been going on I'll come on in here for just a second and let's play the game a little bit okay Let's give them what they want let's give them a little bit of attention because I look at that I'm scoured those pages and I can't find hide in her hair Hello, oh 65 plus I think they got a pretty decent number like about a two what is it now? About About 125 and he afternoon yeah About 82 you've got it you know you've been in the business You know the market your summation is perfect See there are some people with good intention like called it off the you're and I appreciate getting a little spy report I'm not gonna get his terrible things is octin to that's just what I'm trying they want me to do is to get sucked into a big Screen war and back and forth. I mean Alice is small potatoes when I was on i and z and he was on n w I had a nine share he had a two seven and most of his people over the age of 200 Alice like a cheap imitation of me and he's been at four years He doesn't have an acty as no sense of humor. He certainly is a wimp like his friends call Because he's got no career no balls to stand up and be counted for any cause whatever it is and here He's over there bringing egg in his guy on his gotten organization of three people three people yeah And Steve Bosch and the Broward hero does evidently given this guy a lot of coverage. He's got him convinced these Whatever he is, you know and it's just it's ridiculous like they're gonna tell me what I'm gonna say I'm on my sense of humor is gonna be It's a joke. It's embarrassing. You're right. I like I said with all the things that are going on in the world that they're supposed to be Detox station He and they're still clamoring away to try to suck me into a big contract radio award I mean this has got to be like the third time Well, I don't know what terms are putting it because I haven't heard it But I know I did hear Somebody said Steve said I'm declaring war on neo-rodges is and that was like two weeks ago And if it no shots have been fired yet and then norm came on a couple of mornings ago and I did hear it I'm declaring war in a course in a funny way because Norman I are a friend, but I mean there's does the same The war there may be a war next Tuesday or thereafter, but the the same the war Listening to you you make it sound interesting So I punch over there to see what's going on. Yeah, hey, let it boring. Yeah, you know you stick with it for a minute and it's boring It's the same old crowd here how many months did I sit here in the summer and have MTV on and talk about the Nelson twins I don't deny what my taste is are okay. I'm not interested in minors and spider whatever crap they're given over there But but hey, I'm interested in good looking young guys just like a lot of guys my age Which was didn't good looking young women? I have no problem with them I've talked about it and joked about it for years right on the air here now there are other people on here in this community who have very similar taste to use to put up pictures of What's David Kishon Cassidy back at WNWS and other young Peter Barton and people like that If they want to talk about it on here, that's their business. Okay if they're ashamed of it And embarrassed and color in a closet then they got a problem. I don't have any problem with it Well in between the time they wrote the letter and the time he made the appearance on the show I think they forgot about that's freedom of speech deal So they kind of backed off a little bit and said well we're and they're going to disavow you you can't be Well, I'm not just I can't be a day you can't be one of them anymore. Are you sure? I think so I think Well, I feel so sorry about that What does I say is crap about this committee? So as you see it's people who are persecuted by people like this Charles Peak or whatever it is real name is who doesn't have the balls used real name and this kind of crap Isn't that interesting? We have witch hunts from people on the far right and you expect them as unpleasant as they are But when people who are members of groups who've been persecuted Start doing the same crap. It might be of Joma Carthi and and Roy Cohen and at the 50s witch hunts You know the whole same kind of crap coming from within your own so-called people There is no gay community here in their never has it. This is not a city like in no San Francisco in New York where there's like this big body There's a population but there's no such thing okay and addition to which even if there were I'm not interested in that I'm interested in being me as a human being making my statements living my life and having my sense of humor And I haven't somebody else dictate to me what I can say and what I can And that's just the way it's gonna be Exactly they can do the same crap every day for the next to 10 year It doesn't it's not gonna certainly the audience isn't gonna be impressed by it They're gonna be revolted and turned off by it and embarrassed by your summation was totally accurate It's a contrived yeah, and something behind it's something that they figured they were involved What you know if they're gonna contrived something what are they gonna go after and let me say it again before he even gets on the year This station as you know We had gigantic kiss in September in the year ratings Hey, we joke about all the time when they're great. We'll take credit when they're bad. We'll cry But they bounce around but the fact is you've got solid numbers in there you better. They drop Okay mind drop. Rineries dropped a lot the fact is they're still solid. I look the rest of the number is here I've got all the sheets you see them right there 35 to 64 I can't even find now Steve is gone from a one two last month of the trend to a one three Which is hardly any two months out of the three in the in the book Is not that's not exactly something to write home about in addition to which when you look through the demos There is nothing there in any of the demos under 64 male or female So obviously that one three is almost all 65 plus which is the FT L audience Now I realize they've only started the thing is short time and it's gonna take some time I'm not gonna be unrealistic but as far as making his gigantic impact in a their baby So if he wants to come out and they oh gee, they took another hit over there with concerns They really suck and try to sell it like he's taken the audience the way well I got news to him He has it ain't in here. Yeah, okay Everything settles in and to come on like they're doing and trying to get a big thing going like I say I punched over there. I was ready to hear you know something good happened just something just lively something interesting It's boring a minute and a half and you want it to know I don't understand how they can keep it going for two out one time deco. I don't know I have no idea And that's that's got to be like almost a world's record all those Steve I'd like I said before he did a couple of real good ones over here here with he had the unmentioned of a one-on-one time for three hours Doing basically the same thing and then he did that show with cider and a coincidence, which I can't even describe how gruesome it was It was just Ridiculous and again just making stuff up as they go along These are not people I socialize whether have anything to do with yeah in addition to which stuff that they would like to Dread jump from 15 18 years ago. Okay, that's ancient history. Okay Ancient history like times that I worked with Rantel how long has it been since I worked with him? I left WNWS in December of 83 so it's been like seven almost eight years seven over seven years since I've left there I had I think I hadn't dinner with a monster twice in the interim spoke to a monster twice beyond it Have nothing to do with him But I'd sure like to find out you know if if he wants to start doing this about delving into thing I'd be fascinated to hear him tell us more about himself And about the people he's lived with the last the several years since we've kind of parted are you going different gate ways And you know Let's find out just instead of this cow, you know my mother's other phone. She's crying I mean grow up already. Well, yeah, geez. I got to understand what you're like a little punk kid But now the guy's got what 35 years old he's got to be 34 35 time to grow up already Alice and stop being a whim I mean when your friends are calling you a whim behind your back there must be a good reason for it butcher Oh, I'm sorry But that's supposed to say that no I think that is the message is that from his guest was to put you up I think so see where these people are coming from I had no idea who they were and of course this group like I said is like fear for people They are like Macho kays in other words they're like Football player types and jog go locker that that man tell me And that's fine, but they're evidently talk about neurosis They have a real problem with these stereotype of case and I have a problem with that too But nonetheless if it's been done for fun like you here and done all the time Oh, that's one thing if it's being done to create Terror and loathing that's another thing So that's where their problem is well it seems to me when you discriminate against people who are a feminine or who are Transvest there or whatever I mean that's all in the same category You know it's just a matter of degree just like there are straight people who are into whips and chains and leather in there Straight people who are wondering their wives underpants. I mean hey that's that's life But in the context of what I hear you don't do it to other people you do it to yourself Yeah, and if you can't poke fun at yourself you can't poke fun at anybody. Yeah, well, you know I have the letter. You know it's interesting to me It's crap. Where's that letter here? I brought it in. I haven't touched it all day or the letter either But there's a line in here. It says When you call a man a female name many people conclude that gay men were home to put their panties and risen Now Alice is my reference to Al Rantel and has been for many many years And I told a story about Alice at the palace when we didn't are at that poor lawyer arrest room Which is that's what I heard him mentioned. Okay. Now let me say this to Al Rantel is neither fish nor foul publicly okay as far as on a year Well now if you were an out of the closet homosexual and I were calling him Alice then it was fit in the context of this letter Even though I wouldn't agree but it would fit but in light of the fact that I don't make reference to any Known gay people by any female names that I don't know what this letter is even talking about exactly unless there's someone out's been coming that we don't know about And the other word that I have is that Mr. Manipulator over there Mr. Ego is trying everything and is powered desperately to Proved that announcement to come With certain really really well, that's what I hear from inside from one of his best friends who also happens to work there He's a German epileph. He's a really a she's bad news. Oh, yeah, he's bad news. Well That's why I'm in a guy who I and the reason they wanted his ass out of here badly Was because he has no clue as to where to draw the line. He's proven that over there's only been there a couple of months He's proving it beyond the shadow of it out the crappy pulled on you personally with a crap about your wife And now this stuff that he's orchestrating over there on the internet, which I'm sure he's loving every second up He has no clue as to where to draw the line. This is why I have an end by self from the end when King Paul starts getting the foul fallout From the crap that they're going to wreak upon the airwaves of their light fall over there I don't think he's going to be too happy about it. You know, it's one thing that talk a good game Just like they did over at Guy Gannett when I was at INZ and Zeta anybody can talk a good game But they went to fallout starts coming in and you have to pay the paper that's another story. It takes a lot of money to back up these arguments Yeah, and for a station that was on the verge of bankruptcy before they made the chain right I don't know where that money's going to come from could be a very short So talk is like a lot of the ten years of the format over there could be very quick could be In addition to which I do want to say this while you're sitting here another one of these let's start some trouble with a Hank Goldberg stuff Mike Disney was in here after the numbers came out during his break and congratulating me on the numbers because even though I dropped a little bit there still solid Anyone and he said you know Rick and says dropped a little too, but he said I like him. They're doing a great job And I said yeah, they're doing great and the people the listeners love him So that comes from the general manager of the radio station So there's really any this crap going on that there were poor getting Hank Goldberg's in training and we got him warming up at A locker room and he's in the bullpen. It's a bunch of crap. Hey, they fact the same person who I'd ever want to get Norman or a lot of trouble So I won't mention his name but the same person who works over there with Steve told me Several days ago that all that stuff about Hank is just contrived again to try to start or rift over here I mean Steve one you're gonna grow up already put something real on a year okay Whatever your act is find it and do it, but man anybody who can't see through that is gotta be blind You know they got to think that Sofia couple is like Sofia L'Oranco But anyway have a nice day well put Thank you See you 136 at W.I. Oscar sized D it will be right back. Why do you while we don't have time to play the whole thing a thousand times But let's at least keep the feeling alive okay As I say over there North Miami Tell is reported dummy's over here. There's no such thing at the policeman's nine millimeters service. We've all there Well, what is that? We've poured his over where oh at the coast okay. Look at all over a well jump on Mary's hands 140 at W.I. O.D. we have an open line in Dave Johnny made a face when I said that at 751 9463 751 O.D. That was bad okay. It was bad but I thought I liked it Papa though Yes, sir. How are you okay? Great. Uh, I just was that you're remote Friday. Yeah, I was the pot You came up to the table with a beautiful little girl in my arm and Showed you the winning ticket for the first race right right you picked it. Yeah, that's right man. That was a 20 $1 Horace One it was a $12 best and a hundred and forty eight dollar pay off We love bring that little girl back. She can be our handy crapper That's it. I didn't want to rub it in the hand too bad Let me let me tell you a Hank I like Hank a lot. Hank's a great guy, but Hank is like most Gamblers a real BS artist when he up at the dolphin you know they all he's talking about is how he hit the bet three stuck around the at the bet three but it only paid twenty two sixty he didn't tell you about the 80 billion dollars he lost on the pick six and those first two races okay so he plunged his guts out there on Friday Believe me that's it. I've only been to Called her through any horse races second time I don't understand racing forms I a matter of fact first race Friday. I tried to bet a quenella So I Yeah, good luck winning quenella's it to save that for the dog train In a high-light which I saw you at that remote also Yeah, I didn't do as well, but the thing is I just go over I look at the horses And and well, I let your little girl pick him. Okay, let her up pick the color she likes and all that stuff Why not retiring in five years? I would say let's see Brian Pete you know the let's you talk about the sooner he's gonna die because it Isn't it in there isn't it embarrassing though to keep going back to the same old crap over? I mean, you know one day I heard him a few days ago talking about well Let's turn it into a sports station IOD and all Neil talks about between the godfather and and sports and yet You'd think that they've got something to talk about and it always reverts back to Neil Rogers So if there's so much else to talk about and I'm so boring how come it is they keep talking about me? Fasten it all like listening about horse races and the godfather and whatever is timely You know, I mean a hurricane thing was timely the dolphin thing is timely to other godfather Everybody was talking we talk about whatever is going on, you know Exactly and if he'd all like it tough potatoes and the number show we enjoy it Have a great life 142 at WOD let's go up to Joe Brennan right now in Metro traffic Joe You know what you guys ought to do seriously Rick and suds out of steric did I know we're near it would never do it because he's like a sleep in the morning But you guys ought to start going to Tomma what's his name Tom Robinson Robert well who knows same difference it's a funny name like mine Tom Robber it's like it like it times Well, you don't expect it at all you know what I'm saying like it's for 21 or whatever, yeah like a 407 oh Hey, how about we go up the time robber's right now Metro travel check what's going on with skywatch is 16 Bet yeah And then just open the pot and you can hear Molly's doing traffic on mile 100 something I love that yesterday at 530 that was I was just doing it right in my car I'll tell you I had to wipe the stains off the seat it was just incredible Man Well, Ellen the Metro travel is about my beer and other palm at O there are eating a bugs and bug this Tom okay Man you people are between him and so per we're gonna have a contest in 91 the see who's not there the most time Soper's got to excuse he's on tape Okay, he can't help but if the car doesn't recue Do you know that when you watch Bob soper and channel seven on the weather that's also on tape You didn't know that did you? Do you know that they've got like 10 tapes and what they do is they kind of like look out the window because they got big windows here next door And they check out how the weather isn't in out there's a little sunshine and they pull out like number one or number three He's on tape Bob soper radio antivy In fact nobody is seen a guy like in 20 shows up at the parades on the weekends. He's a good guy for that stuff Water hill. Hey, how you doing okay? I've been a dolphin Take it over for 22 years and I'm right on the 50 yard line also opposite you yeah, I saw you the day you were going nuts Well, what happened during the fourth period? I thought I was gonna have a car in it. Oh, I was I was patient back and forth and back there a couple of people the new I was where you shot and up like they thought I was gonna just to kill right over Well, what I kept doing I did a follow along. So I kept looking at the binoculars across the view to see if you were as tensed I was and we were both sort of if you had peanuts going that engine peanuts I thought you were chewing on you know I would have my fingers but the is that what he said was chewing on Peanut say that very very carefully now We don't want to give many more material over there peanuts but the The density of the deck was actually vibrating yeah, I don't say that either We were just talking about channel 7 don't get Sarah all up said Right to real name by the way Sally fits his name is Sarah Sarah Little song for Sarah if the Sarah fits where it oh it was either 30 or Friday and Steve was with fashion as often as they were gonna get the straight oh Jesus you back on that crap again see here's another guy doesn't give it in but anything in the community is always Whatever I do he says the obvious like a little child me also said stay he says it's not back in the early 80s Remember when we had that great AFC championship we beat the crap out of the jets and AJ do we had the big day We had the killer bees and I was playing a stuff on here in the fight song and I played some of the dick and burst stuff from NBC And try to whip up some enthusiasm in this horseman or town and he will run the same station on w's news And he comes out in the next day. Oh, it's boring I mean his whole life is based upon whatever he'll says I do the opposite he liked the godfather I see it sucks. He's it who's about to dolphin I say it's boring. They suck. I mean come on See grow up already. Well, yeah, I mean via man like Lmartino Let me say one thing King Paul, you know his card dealership is not doing well with all colors dealership And as soon as he starts to get heat and he sees he's losing sales because of what's gone over there You're gonna see back to the 40s music again. We have well, it's they changed for him That's like people change their underwear so it's standby always best for it stand by for the next one. Thank you See you 146 to W i o d we have an open light and Broward five two four and one on a star line at star i o d I want to be a star I feel so left out now, you know, I do But I go home tonight get ready to go to pompano with my purple panties In my pink slippers. I want to be a star And my cigar. You need to be a star with your cigar and your purple panties And your silks lippers Hmm I wish I had sent and sheets Homestead Yeah, it's right now How you doing? I'm listening. I'm a long time listener and this is the first time I've ever Got up the nerve to call you. Wow I want to talk about this What's channel on channel 43 at least that's what it is down here in South Dade. Yeah, you don't mean to want to solve the air do you Channel 43 sports news network. They went off the air. No, they're not off the air Okay To be ever heard of the sports writer or I think that's what he is named Bill Gleason Yeah, oh, I love that show. Sports writers on TV Well, you should have heard it last night. Yeah It was around 11 35 and I was kind of with that. That show is taped in Chicago by the way all those guys are working in Chicago Where he's from the field of leacence from the south bend to his paper Well, it's in there with Bill Gleason a bill jar right a John somebody from Sports Illustrated and a Ben potentially right When I turned it on this is what I heard They must have been talking about the buffalo dolphin thing yeah And they said the weather will be a factor so let's play for rotten weather Then they got to talking about how Chicago can't play on how the surface turns so The guy I knew is for a Chicago barely got by the saints in the saints are like a little league team Well, anyway, they take to giants and also they take the court of the raiders and they said that The raiders and the San Francisco will end up in the doofall and of course San Francisco will win yeah, and Ben Bill Gleason He's such I can't hear and he said He almost cried when that field goes bell short That while we can why is that he have a bet on it? No, he said that He's south that seems to burglies He loves these to burglies and he should go all the way Yeah, right and he cried isn't it well we'll listen we'll send him a crying town and also or baby But you got to remember Bill Gleason is from south bend okay, and I do know what university plays in south bend Who what? Notre Dame See and that's when they do a lot of crying up there every time they don't win by 30 points What ever kind of sport it is they do a lot of crying so he probably rubbed off on you know, he's used to crying Well anyway, the show I I just they talk about a lot of different things. I like the show though I it's one of my favorite shows and when they're not knocking a dolphins it's usually a pretty interesting show my god She did her what they said about the hurricane