Everybody that would like to hear Cory coming on a show today. Let's see those phones light up Oh Everybody look at that there they go and brod Wild Okay, Wild Okay, Cory cut the crap for you. He's got mommy on one line daddy on the other line and he's got a couple of the dolphins on the other two Wild Yeah, yeah, I do home on a sick okay put him on hold Okay, look at the one they're pop it on and off like a Monday today. This is interesting Wild Okay line checker Wild Okay, let's take a poll on Cory Wild Hello What is it who's Cory who's one what Wild Speak to me, man. Yes. I'd like to speak with you speaking Really? Yeah, I'd like to hear Cory you'd like to hear him what I'd like to hear him sing you'd like to hear him sing Yeah, why who's this a sister? Yeah, it is oh great Okay, there you go honey one open line in date 751 Wild This is what this town's all about Delray Beach Hello, hi So to see you. Yes, man. No, I do you remember the show you had years ago people used to call up to meet people Bating show you. Yes. Well, I'm one of the people and I have a good fortune to meet my husband Well, what's that nice? It turned out to be beautiful. Well, that's great. We married 38 couples off my dating show as not I'm not kidding. Well, I'm married almost six seven years walking graduation She was strictly because his friend Purge your show and we were not on a double date and that's how I met my husband And I just wanted to thank you and said that it was a big thing for people who were very lonely at that time Well, that's great. I don't know why it went off Well, it just kind of ran the course, you know, it's just there's a time at a place for everything and of course We got a lot of other people trying to do the same thing and turn it into a Cronographic dating show is all of that crap But no, while I was with Odin he was with him. I guess we were just right looking for something That's great. I wanted to thank you because it wasn't for you. I never would have met him. Aren't you nice and I have to all this time And you still try to get through a couple of times of a good but anyway Thank you and thank you Well, you and keep the well lots more years to you. Thank you. Okay. Bye. Bye. Why not say lots more years to you 10 27 a W I O D we have one open line. It's in date county 75 one nine four six three Somebody just popped off and broored Five two four. Let's just not take any. Let's just let's just play like a little circular musical chairs with the phone for four hours I can handle it today. I feel great today. Can I tell our big night at pizza loft? We're gonna be up there seven to 10 PM Gonna be great. We're gonna be a for charity only of course for our Vietnam veterans to get that van that they desperately need We're gonna be peddling those t-shirts and we got a whole bunch of the Rick and Suds patriotic t-shirts with a flag and the new unbelievable ones that just say unbelievable The ones that say enough of the sucking The complete doctor Frank Master. What is that? Dr. Frank vital loob points the house of loob Hmm Okay, that sounds really interesting from some slime ball on Hollywood look just checking out the mail here There might be something real exciting W I O D I want to talk to you speaking I knew I'm just picking up random calls here today. We're just doing a little little different today Just pick it up here in there. Okay. Is this being taped? What do you mean? Is it being taped? Now we're on right now. It's not being taped Okay What do you mean is it being taped that I don't understand Because I didn't hear it on the radio right away well because we're on delay One seven second delay turn up the radio now. Do you see here it? Yeah, okay? Turn it down now. Okay, turn it up again turn down. Okay. Okay. So what's up? So you're gonna be at peace of often. Yeah, that's what I just saved seven to 10 PM pizza law All the veterans gonna be there are the veterans gonna be there. No, I don't think so. I mean Okay, I thought I know Can I say hate some buddy? Can you say hey? Uh-huh. As in Willie May say hey. Uh-huh. He was the first one that said that, you know He didn't even even know it my boyfriend was sitting at work. Well, isn't that great? What's her? It's name. It's name is Frank Frank. What a nice name for your boyfriend. Okay? What did you didn't say anything yet? You're a little message there. Give me a little a phone massage I can do that later. Oh, okay. I bet you can. Okay, so we'll see you tonight. You'll be there. Yeah Great. What's your name? Christine. I'll be looking forward to you. See you. And that nice we're gonna have a big crowd up there tonight in spite of Jeff Cohen's hysteria over the fact that while he was away screwing around in Acca Polco where we're gonna have a lot was we had a you know a couple of Sarah's over here a couple of times. Okay? Big deal. Don't get all psychotic and the reason he's psychotic and neurotic is because Dennenberg handles his account You know, he's like a Mexican jumping bean and heat which is why Jeff probably went to Mexico in the first place W-I-O-D Hold on a second. I'm not talking on that line. Here's a mobile in Miami on a terrible connection Oh, yes sir. Good morning, how are you? I cleared up again. Look at that. Do I sound good? You're well a connection when I picked it up was really bad Listen, yes, firewood. Yes, I know those kids out there could clear up their complexion as fast as your phone line cleared up We'd have a great world The guy that does you know for the sucking calls. So hard. What is it? The guy that does you know for the sucking call. Yeah, yeah, I'm the Rick and sucho and he's the same guy that does the godfather and Michael Jackson But you know that and off of the sucky. I didn't know that he did it for and that supposedly he said this is Fineal and they recorded it and everything so as Rick and sucho What is it? I don't know if they but they take him in it or whatever. I don't know oh boy and he said enough of the second He and he said it pretty much close to what it was the first time and this is turning it to be a marathon You know you would think that he would have been able to do it the 56 times we had him cut it that other day last week I think he was more relaxed yesterday and I heard Rick telling whoever You know supposed to record the show. Did you Rick go to get that? Did you get that? Did you record anything? Well, we don't have it so must have been Marvin could Marvin never get anything But they said they got it. Yeah, I'm saying, but it's not on a cart not that I see unless they're hiding it somewhere As for the probably one to get money you rent some money is something for it. Yeah, well, but only come in even swap They can have that. I'll see you tonight a pizza. Okay Well, it's about time we got to the bottom of the barrel here. I mean the bottom of some of these questions I haven't you been handed anything yet. I'm playing with my nose Not bad don't start asking a lot of personal questions. No further talking That wasn't too bad. Let me hear I It's got a queue up again. I just got through planet and no further talking that's Pretty fast Close that and it goes back. It's not it But since you are on the phone. I want to know what Cory was doing in here again yesterday That was the most disgraceful the only thing worse than that was after William Shattner was on Yeah, and you sucked around with him for half an hour and at the end of the call I thought you were gonna kiss and run off and get married in the Tahoe or somewhere And then all of a sudden after really he was only on a half hour and he wouldn't take any calls He's a douchebag and he slips slide it around that thing on certain I'd live about get a life and Spinalists and try to promote his new stinky movie Why didn't you tell him that why didn't you tell him that? I didn't do a Chuck Meyer rats on soupy sales routine. Okay. We need some people in this station with some balls I think you'd be it on so close to Hank. I think it's starting to rub off This kissy kissy with all the guests. Okay. I'm not ripping some ads. Okay. This town is Talking to a man who's still asleep is not very effective. I'm asking for that. That's true. Although maybe subliminally it'll sink in Well, you know, I mean, he'll see you know, let's get back to Cory again. What the hell was he doing on here? I thought we were gonna you'll talk about this on the guy gets on the guy. I already said we don't need to talk about it He's been promowing it and suck it around and siphoning off airtime for months on it now and hanging around here like he owns the place Right the fact that we played it You know, and then he comes up with this crap well, what's it gets on the FM stage will really take off? Yeah better than then us okay. We don't have a three and a half minutes to waste on crap like Oh man. Well, we're in the video What? Oh, that's why you're sucking around huh? Well, the video gets produced will probably have to do that and off of the fucking and off of the fucking there you go And off of the fucking yes, you know we got it on two carts. We can play it back to back like an endless loop forever Doing sucking you're on the video. Well isn't that great that in 40 cents will get you about a half a cup of coffee at Wolfies Exactly, but you know something to send them home Oh great I'm serious somebody stole a ball's in this joint. I'm telling you that right now Okay, so William Shentner's on the phone. You're gonna tell him he's a whole dad and he's a Yeah, I wouldn't had him on the first place What that's such talk to him about that. Yeah, that's Star Trek stuff is Tremend you know let me tell you something I've thought about this many times because such is like an overgrown infant okay. Yeah, we all know that including him But science science fiction undergrown in grown science fiction is for young adolescent males like when you're but like 11 13 14 15 years old And then you outgrow it because you realize it's a lot of hockiest focus. It's like Santa Claus and God and the tooth fairy It's a bunch of crap and then you go on to bigger and better things okay like sex. I mean, you know you you outgrow science fiction It's for kids it's for young males Well, why don't you have a little father to send talk with him? I don't have anything to do with that show That's your job. That's your show. Well, you know just an appendix to your show. You're letting the tail wag the dog Is what it sounds like to me Because I'm a nice guy no because you're a whim. I don't nice guy because you have no go-naids pal You better you lost a lot of weight now. I realize it extended beyond just a waistline buddy Let me tell you that right now The force for the trees left his postage you'll not cups in here for you. You're right He says it's a fool fits Well, that's right. You will be there. I forgot to mention that Everybody can just take a look for themselves and see that I'm right that this man is shriveling away Maybe I'll get some go-naids now and refuse the appearance Jeff brought you some back from Mexico and he said that's no bull either Boy, I like your card Enough of the talking yeah, I hear that curry on here on this station on board time I'm burning the building down. I'm gonna call the investigative team next door a channel 7 and have them come here and root it out With their what with their Sally Fizz Roto Ruder not just because you say so I learned yesterday boy I did just Come I mean what is he it's like he's part of the woodwork here Well, when it's done in stations they get sucked into these things and where's our Marlins paraphernalia by the way? You're right. Yeah, here it is Tuesday. It's almost and last Friday like a schmuck I said here and I kept Promoy go out tomorrow the stadium and the stuff will be on sale and Marlin T-shirts and Papa Bobby Bebe and we still haven't seen anything over here yet Well, there's still selling They're not far south of the park. If our sports department was on the ball if they weren't so damn worried about Hurricane football in the middle of July They'd be over there and they'd have a whole bunch of that stuff over here for us to rave about and promote and talk about and whip up some enthusiasm and get everybody into the swing of it Speaking of your friend problem with them. They're busy swinging it works my season ticket Hey, I don't know where that fat douchebag is don't ask me Do the heavier I got news for him. Oh, he's gonna be a pizza loft tonight. Oh, I can ask him right to his big fat face He says he's got him, but I he keeps telling me. Oh, they're in there in yeah He didn't say where they're in though, okay. I think he may have sat on him or something All right, well, I don't think it's I don't think it's that gallbladder that's acting up I think it's the dolphin ticket said of like an easy and pale somewhere inside of his body impacted yeah You know they have that expression about your brains are fried because it's so hot down here That's not because of the weather that's cause so many people down here been sitting on him for so long Are you okay? I'm fine. I feel great today I told you at the beginning. I'm ready to kick some ass today Wake up this sleeping damn station in a sleepy town this station is the only thing that ever Vibrates any life sorry Sally any Radiates that's a better word any life in this town and we're going to sleep or all busy kissing kissy kissy You're right especially that big fat hank man I'm so tired these politicians these people coming on it can say any damn thing they want they never get challenged He had this geek godlight medic the geek god from FIU last night doing this Propagandaizing for our president day it was the most disgusting right wing fascist crap I've ever heard in my life and we got it's like you could come on and say it. Oh, yeah It is kissing kiss and kiss and suck around and get all those old farts in here that used to listen to wus news We don't let those old people we even when new he hates him and he can't get rid of him You should all seen the look on his face during that telepoll this morning with all those old cretons calling it What the hell am I talking And not for the suck exactly well. I think I finally made a statement. Well, I'll send a first cell to talk with you Wait a minute. I just got a letter look at this Dear Neil it's time for a change you have the biggest Brain in town please use it You have milk the douchebag mentality to draw to the dry stage Didn't take long most of the adolescents that call have no material by their own assessment But you can't blame the audience when you have limited your program to one joke to a one joke level sincerely Audrey Bell rhymes with hell PS I hear you come on after Mikey so I'll be listening for a few minutes each day Hoping you change before I dial along to the news program. Yes, sign your favorite bitch Audrey Have a nice day. Oh, yeah, bye 1045 I'm serious you didn't say favorite bitch. You said least favorite bitch. I think Audrey it's 1045 already and you're still listening honey What's the matter got your finger somewhere else that you can't twist that dial baby? You the disgusting psychotic bitch Just whip it out and change it okay turn over to WS Whatever that is I and see with that boring terminal tedious ponderous all news all day That nobody wanted to hear the first time that they're now reading for the 85th time because it's almost 11 in the morning We're sick and tired of the news on this station That's why we're just yanking it right off the billboard. Okay. This is just your weather and traffic station now No more news cuz Henry's plaster that up his mind now He's calling around on the floor Chasing right ants out in the hallway They're calling all over his damn body out there Tamara at damn core. I like a grab them by the neck and then I rip up damn hard out of this skinny rip Call those all better They like to smash as simply face into a stucco goddamn Yeah All right, he's waiting for you Cory right outside the front door baby Man, when are we ever gonna learn neurotic repetition man? It just keep making the same mistakes over and over and over again Just like me. I keep coming in every morning We have an open line at Broward 5249463 524Wild Oh orange look at that Fort Lauderdale yes, yes, sir. Yeah, I'm calling to see a The real listener called you from Hawaii in the today or yesterday I big your pardon. I'm trying to find out if the real listener called you from Hawaii is on the case I don't think so did we have a call from Hawaii yesterday? No, I don't think so My calls can you tell me who he said he's mr. 20? He's one is 20. 20. Yeah, I'm kind of like juvenile sir. You sound how old are you? That's worth you're about 12 well, I'm right on target then. Okay, okay. Well, I'll tell you you must Distoll in the ones that disappear near because your voice has dropped dramatically for your age Have a great day pal. Hey, see you Okay, there's the man who stole the gonads right there on a phone. How do you like that the gonad thief is called in? What are you hockin a china can there? Do you look at this he's just Decolating and going up crazy Boy just going crazy in there he's having a Bitch session in there. Oh too much wine Henry don't start. Let me keep leaving at Pinot nuo Around okay, I love the way Henry goes out of his way to pronounce all these fancy wine is just a cheap drunk, okay? Pinot nuo We know it's ripple you stupid drunk. We have an open line on the center of square there in Broward 524 Wild Kendall when is D. Yes, I'm doing great good This is the answer questions Cory on the payroll now he ought to be pretty soon. I think maybe he ought to pay Put it a lot more time in some other people in middle level management. I'll tell you that I think you ought to pay the Vio dee for be on here. He ought to be banned from the property We ought to have like a 24 hour security guard if he comes anywhere near this place that I just Cart him off with cement shoes Yeah, that commercial you just had on last break that guy was going Yeah, okay, I think that that sounds like half the audience every time I hear that Cori on here I Think you're out of something I mean, you just on something. I think they'd rather have a About what I mean, we've tried We've tried everything we know to try to give this guy a life and to try to legitimize this embarrassing crappy rap thing that he'd ended it? It sucks, okay? I'm gonna pay his mother back. I hope so and then then he tries to legitimize it by saying he's gonna give Part of the proceeds to come in the house. Well, well, I'd he never discussed that with me not that I'm the spokesman for come in the house But it's interesting how he tries to siphon it in there So like we'll legitimize him and put him on and put up with his crap I'd like to see if he really does you notice how Eric Lambert just disappeared from the human race Remember him with two live Jews remember that? Yeah, he was he was a star for about six minutes And he was on with reges and Kathy Lee and on MTV and he disappeared like he'd never existed, okay? Like stepping on a fruit fly I think there's a lot of similarity there to be honest with you actually Are your fruit fly has more hair? Well, go and add to yeah, that's for damn to then they do in this place This is your suck around station Wiod where we just kissy kissy kissy all day There's the solo flex spots pickin a kissy kissy yes, sir Sound like you found that Original and that's the sucking tape you must have just tuned in No, I've been listening but the guy called Rick and spot yesterday and tried one more time and came up with Which is very very close to the original very close not a match, but close enough for us We have like 18 different versions of enough of the sucking and they were the second that's going on on the station Lately we needed it. It'll work. Yeah, I hope. All right now. You have good day speaking of sucking no frigid grave Linal be on Saturday morning have a great day pal 10 54 a Wiod is we try to revitalize a something here We try to find the organs and put them back where they belong so we can say at the end of the day G dad It is a warlitzer 10 55 here's a mobile in Jupiter hello Okay, and we can handle it sir and a song a question. Anna song. We want first. Let's do the question first Have you ever heard Jerry wishing her and Sonny fox together? Now for the song Somebody messed with that card Now wait a minute. Somebody's got the cart out of order You through the traffic Sarah smile to Because I'm in home with you every day Because I'm in home on something special Do you I There's only one thing we can say about you sir wait and he have a lot of cuts by Have a great life what a job, huh? That's the kind of color that this show depends on Audrey you slime bag no more sucking please Hi, I'm Darrell Hall and you know even though my hair looks really good and I got a great body and all the women really love me I got a problem high cholesterol so that's why I ate this new Holognao friends Every taste a little flake safe just like my partner John set their bigger and they don't hold back my career Anyway before you've lost that living feeling rockin' roll with a healthy bowl of Holognao Brand hey it's the only thing I like better than me You write up try some hola no be a brand eater Holognao brand cereal from the makers of guns and raisins Oh have a bowl be a brand eater Hey, Barrow standing here with the straight face and mitting that he's going out to Oregon Boy to get smashed again another wine tasting thing a four more piano new app and grandma boon Okay, you cheap drunk He says forget that it was just bring in a booze, okay? No more news we want your booze weather and traffic station, right? That's the new billboard. That should get some attention out there. Yeah Wild Georgia's poaching around with stuff in the back of the room there Hello Can you handle it for the lights are flickering? Hello You're somebody on the other way out of the phone there. I'd hate to hang up because it's at 800 number Hello Oh, it's just a breather. It's a Ansel is what it is Hi, I'm Linda Blair and whenever I want to I love a guy I go to six six six slides over America It's so easy you'll leave your car and all hope behind in the parking lot Then you ride the hand basket to hell and Oh look here's our park mascot Jaggy the jungle What you do next is up to you you can join the four horsemen of the apocalypse on the car and sell them doom It'll spin your head around Right the lobster down the river sticks It just relax and have a snack in our position stand yeah give me a double dog to rent hotz and the Orange goes for the So drop in six six slides over America It's the best part in the whole Nice All a time will tell is the new Nelson video they just headed on MTV and it's still look pretty good to me It's 11 15 we have an open line in Broward five two four WIO day just candle It is being you this be me This be you how you the Jarvis Williams? Yes, well right it's about time you came to your senses It's not on the dotted line Jarvis get out there and kick some butt in that secondary You know, and you'll get what what I came out in a new album. Yeah, it's called I ain't gonna practice and a bitch Don't yeah Oh I like it Yeah, don't you know you can't touch this I don't think he wants to well hit her why I'd be the best safety in the entire universe You know right over here Jarvis will have it on with Rick and Sudge at 205 and get that Cory's ass out of here We have an open line in dates That was good 75 one nine four six three I think they're wickin up a little bit out there not a lot don't get carried away In fact, let's open a window Let's open a window wide and see if we can hear the sound of the city, okay? Okay shut it shut it up We have an open line in Broward five two four wiod let's go to candle and beautiful date county hello I'd rather listen to a virtual thing god bless America than Cory and his stupid dolphin song Yeah All right there's a gentleman who had something to say he said it slammed that phone down on his receiver I hope it was Mark Clayton. Let's go to Davy. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes sir two things. Okay number one First please stop making fun of the channel seven news crew to my favorite. They're the best and number two yeah Sally says hello okay 19 past 11 at wiod they must have been from the balls of the building next door here And by the way uh is it Marcy who drives that white cutless over next door channel seven Would you try to park your car in one space and straighten it out a little bit honey? Who is that lady that just came in here are you applying for a job you're hired honey? You can be on like at six o'clock to get that damn sports talk off. It's boring It's talk the same monotonous crap every night on that show. I'm just gonna I'm just gonna pick on everybody from now on okay Including myself this show sucks Everybody sucks It's supposed to follow that up dummy you're supposed to say and off for the talking okay for waterdale And they're right there on a phone like a real call or should be okay. That's what we like How you doing great good You know I guess I said a Corey Am I gonna have to dump this sir? No no no no Just saying you know how you got your little uh cart that says Uh yeah Yeah, yeah, I got a city Corey I get a life oh I got the cart pot shot You believe that Shut up. I like that just don't get a life yeah get off the radio go get a real job and leave us alone over here man Rick Rolley's got a he's a great guy, but he's got a butcher up a little bit He's got nothing to do better than call up when he first gets up in the morning Uh who Rick yeah, he's sucking around he's insecure Now leave him alone. Well, yeah, they're great. They're wonderful guys. They are a lot to answer for okay And he was just trying to be helpful by providing me with No further talking which he had hidden in his box and then when he heard somebody exposed the fact that the guy called and he immediately came Oh, yeah George go out and get it it's in my box He had it in his box because he didn't want me to have it and no further talking see he's trying to steal out from me That's like my whole show and he's trying to steal that's all I got left that's true And he's trying to I beg your pardon. Bye have a great day. Let me tell you something Yeah That girl Audrey that rocha letter. Yeah, tell her oh You tell her okay tell her right now. She's listening. All right. Well. You know You know right the right letters every two old decade What is it? Tell her not to write letter every 28 days. Yeah, exactly exactly Could have period on the end of the sentence exactly the great life. Thanks, Neil. See you. How in deal The magic kingdom. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? The magic kingdom. Yeah They just go to new farm or over here in hell and they'll have a great All right, we love farm more yeah, listen. I was gonna do it in our next spot break. I took your advice I did not go see naked gun two and a half good for you. What what was that if you heard about that you You mean that will be coming outside. I guess it starts this Friday called mobsters Yeah, that's supposed to be great and George refuses to go see it because Christian slators in there And he's got to think against Christians. Yeah Well listen my wife and I are definitely coming up the pizza loft tonight You'll recognize my wife She's a month pregnant No, you always look back and there's some ugly guy on there. They're not slant would you just keep your eyes fixed on it Man, are you driving me nuts? What is it and I was want to know if you could uh oh? It's Tuesday. All right, so suds isn't here really early. It's they're holding their big meat today on Tuesday And I hear he's in a real grumpy mood too, so you better watch it. They're have ding-dong school today With boy Gary I'm sorry I'm interrupting you and you were about to say pizza loft. Yeah, I'm bringing my wife She's eight months pregnant, so you'll recognize her her name is Veronica Well, maybe we can have like a blessed event right there in a place. Yeah. I would like you to autograph a picture for sure Okay, and One more thing before I hang up. Yes. I want to call all the public truck drivers douche bags that's the 18 B team and seat team they're all the way Yeah, yeah See you later. Okay, alligator 2019 a Wild how do you like the shirt suds? Huh, he likes it Miami Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You know you should be congratulated upon a news department You make them all stars remember gal bright used to work with season channel for now looking very pasty and Yeah, I mean you made them all stars. That's a lane a superstar a lane at towards no Was all by itself has got a six year. I don't know if they thank you and I put you good now they forget about me That's terrible. What do you recall I don't forget about them too? Well, they're forgettable What's um what do you know about your WKT day anything finally? Oh, yeah, we had some good times there Craig Worthing Lin Russell William Altan who had a street named after him was Steve the U.T. Go came now Oh, no, he was getting fired in Orlando in those days. Oh, now he didn't come along till W. News when Alice hired him and put him on here with his boring premeditated orchestrated crap. Oh cat with a K the point nine man who is the You know, I talked to Norm Kent yesterday who spends all three hours every morning plugging his baseball card store and boring the audience and screaming during those spots But anyway, and he was told me that the other day when the book came out they were all writing and Raving on the year over there about hello I O. D's numbers were these are the same people are got like fractions that had barely make a blip on the Richter scale and they're talking about us I mean if I was a big hot shot with a big ego and I had a point nine I would just go off to a mockery and to retire and ever be seen again, right Steve This something harsh work with you on WK yes sir and Chris Myers who now on ESPN Chris Myers with that fully voice He was over there. Yeah. Wow. You guys said super slow heads and Lin Russell who's on CNN headline news Very plastic and does a nice job. She was there. She was the program director She said Levine used to have some long lunches together. Yeah, who was the on the station? The owner was Mrs. Katzen time. Oh, may she rest in pieces after what she paid us You made the big bucks back and it was a picture on the wall or Frank Katzen time who was a long since dead when we were there But he was on the wall his eyes used to move around How he'd say something he didn't like his eyes on the past where do you we all used to insist those eyes and Dave Gravelin was there too No screwing up our calls. He was a borough And also had a terminal show when I first went there called at your service from nine to 10 a.m. Where they used to talk about get rid of cockroaches and stuff like that and how to kill your boo-fotoed frogs And then after they took his boring show off Craig did 10 to two and I did two to six I started I made $225 a week when I left I was up at the end of two years to 275 big ones a week Wow, how do you like that? $275 a week and all the crap I could take and the such a stage is a little bit more than that now. Yeah, just a bit All right Neil take care. 300 see you later 1229 a Wild we have an open line in Dave County 75 one. There's a radio history and we just had on the phone I kind of enjoyed that not let's go to sunrise hello Since we're George so I'm more now. Is he like to be here? Sidekick? No. No, he wants to stay employed Is Not planning what he married? Yes very happily married to a very old guy by the way. He got gray here and appeared looks like Gabby Hayes kind of very old She's she's anxious to dump him Oh wow when she comes to these remotes every remote we go to like at the amarr at the miracle game one time There was a guy from Chicago His name was Frank I think man. She had the hotse for this guy. She was just drooling all over the table begging me for his phone number I don't share though. I don't share numbers. You know what's it around man? He's wild for Adam now man. She was in a hallway just a sliding She looked like one of those tree frogs you know that they have those suction cups and they stick to the glass She was sliding down the wall in the hall. I couldn't believe it. Well, maybe she's begging for something She loves Adam Could be maybe maybe there's a cure for it. See you later 12 30 Day and we have an open light at day 75 one nine four six three and one at Broward five two four W I D now what do you got for you're just full of it? It keeps running the here running the here running in here He's not even supposed to it's from the euro dynamic center about penal lengthening Me so horny Look at that penal augmentation or lengthening is perhaps one of the best kept secrets of the urological profession Yet numerous articles attestantly to a testing to its success and application Adore in the urological literature I do this procedure frequently in a 1989 my video entitled augmentation Falo Plasty was accepted and shown at the annual American urological association meeting in Boston says Whoever wrote this crap. Oh, this is over on Bay Harbor Island From Harold Reed Diplomat of the American board of urology active member of the American urology urology urology Association et cetera He says the average American adult male has a five and three eight's inch erection However, I would affirm that having served in the u.s army medical core in Korea that black men do tend to have longer Penises and Chinese men have somewhat smaller ones than anglo's But all this is a medical thing, okay? Okay, but all that considered these are there are some men with a penis clearly too short to provide decent Confirmation to the rest of their body or be reasonably suited for intercourse Me so horny these concerns are the two most vocalized complaints among my patients he says Close dresses with bold Jackson. Oh knows lingerie Oh knows Carter bad Oh no, oh I like you Oh good with eyeliner. I have some loopy. You know that's true, but those feet hard What? You don't know Deadly That introduce me Okay, Mr. Tiddly this is Mr. Jackson Review what a dress like a woman 107 thanks to Miriam over from her boutique across the street there number by the way if you want to get your hair's cut They do a great job. They're lovely. They're attractive some of them are on a taxed like Miriam 861 0395 The right on 79th street here in prestigious Northgate Bayville a dread across from our station 861 0395 She gives the best hair cut and even if it's not that long if you just want a little trim 861 0395 Anyway, it's 107 at Wild and we got another rupunk in Miami. Hello Who's this? Tracy how are you doing Tracy? I know you're doing great. I you're short said it was like another little punk kid You're not a little kid. This is Tracy who's 22 I have a bond to pick with you. Well pick away Tracy Why are you ragging on glorious dress on oh man? I would like to know I just don't like her music Because it's been played like Wild a wall. You know you get tired of it after a while Give it a regular reaction for her don't I have what? And you can pass in for what? What is whether I like to her music have to do with her I have comparisons. He was in a bad accident. I wish you're all the good health in the world. I still like her music You don't like her bomb a day music. I don't like bomb by anything. Okay. I don't even like love bomb. How do you like that? Oh my god Hey listen, why do you think they make 87,000 flavors of ice cream not everybody's into a cherry vanilla? You know exactly but I just got a little bit crickety. I said you run a little bit pioed Yes, a little bit. Well that's okay. You're entitled you're entitled to your taste even if it's bad Well what else do you like what other but do you listen to power 96? No, well thank god. I knew you had good taste. No, no, no, that's that's How does exactly see this is no little kid George. This is an adult with good taste. Thank you very much. Mostly Now what other state do you listen to music on what state 97.3 97.3 That's the host We love you. What was your name? Gracie you're the best. I love Gloria Estefan She is my favorite She is the best no more sucking. Please. Well, I'm doing my best. Oh my god You you like to say that don't you? How like you have certain moments when you like to say that Yeah, I'll bet you do. So are you gonna be there? Where? I'd tell I'd be dating with with bells on of course. Well I'm gonna come up to you and tell you that I'm the Gloria Steph on fan. Okay, I'll be looking for you at tracing. You know it. See you. Bye. Bye. What happened to enough of the sucking? I just lost it again. How could we lose it again? The new one the old one the new one that sounds like the old Oh there it is. Oh man panic city. I'm telling you they're just certain things that is building. It's stuck to keep your hands on. Grand Rapids. What are you sitting there on How you doing? You're in Grand Rapids? Yep. Well that's great. Yeah, it's nice. It's nice up here. Oh, although it's scorching and not many of the places have air But that last rule that was calling about a Gloria Estefan. Estefan. Yeah, I hope that you like you said Beldeca Sada too Yeah her name for all before the she became famous as Gloria Estefan like Michelle Gillin But after a little like Tony show to speak. Michelle yeah. Me. She'll get all these people get a big Snyder attitude and become real up at a start changing the way they pronounce their name like Tony Tony Dorset all of a sudden was Tony Dorset you know Mr. Hotshot don't forget Kipette and lippett yeah Ronnie lippett. Yes pet this Ronnie. Is this any good by the way George? We don't know. Oh, we got a new card here that we got a Marlins parody song. How do you like that? Yeah, and me oh by the way that the lady that's cutting your hair when you're asking a little while ago when you mentioned You said even if you want a little tramp yes sir moving right along. Yeah I don't watch those any Murphy movies sir So Neil tell me what is odd to get in Slim early hardwell down to do the I think that would be an excellent choice boy. He's a great guy I'd love working with him. I mean it would be great. Have him here. Do you really do you think that the hour how they consider that or What do you mean I mean they haven't even started bidding for the right yet so are they're gonna worry about announcers yet I guarantee that Wayne has ended is gonna get like 6,000 tapes from everybody who's ever even seen a ballgame wanting to announce the games Believe me, well have you ever heard his sidekick also that a works with dirty hardwell Paul carry Matter like Paul carry the guy from W. J. R with a deep voice. I don't like him. I don't like that Fony deep voice. Yeah Like Bernie her well, Bernie's great. Yeah, he is. I mean to really take that away and next thing you know Uh, they finally said they found an area and they're gonna knock down tiger stadium eventually I think that's a bad idea sir. I love tiger stadium. It's one of the last bastions of fun old ball parks like Fenway and Rivergly field and just aren't too many left sir. We don't like these plastic ball. Thank god Joe Robbie Stadium is gonna be one of these plastic Pre-Fab ball parks that looks just like Atlanta and Pittsburgh and Riverfront the same Louis. They all look the same They all look the same if they knock that down really that does take away from that and I'm not even a big baseball fan But thank god for that that is a great stadium By the way, is it true that a blend and Gilbert we're gonna have a show called the Glenbird show. Yeah, that's coming up on the W. O. C. N. Ismett or fat? Gilbert in the ocean and now what's with cane and able? Cains not able he's got a point nine Really you really have to be under an overpass up and watered out a catch that we have to be over and underpants Have a great day pal. Hey you too and say hi to any harwell for me. Yeah, don't forget Tracy Gloria Stephard you Latin but kids are okay. See yeah, that was like an ethnic slur there Tracing we apologize profusely, but he's a and Grand Rapids, okay, so you'll have to forgive him for his crap We have an open line on our Florida world aligned 1-800-944-4Wild At least we cured the Steve Abrams from St. Teresa Teresa if I never accomplish anything else in my life I got him off of that crap now it's Terry first it was Teresa now it's Terry Back to you test here's a lady in Papadou Hello hi, I knew how you be I'm fine. How you doing? I'm doing great So long for you almost go sleep well a busy scootin over here. I say we're having a great show You are yeah, well I'll listen to your time. I think you're great your sick as I am that's right I first of all I want to wish my boss and his wife Cynthia my boss made you major big time do she big Yeah, I'm here. I'm listening you're listening. How can I add to that? No nothing really Yeah, first of all they're responsible for me listen to you first I thought you were a little sick copy No, that was a tiny it all me's scooting right now Tiny Who's tiny my dog oh your dog he's scooting under his subcutaneous sack why I don't know you have to Right, I'm gonna do that this afternoon right what's wrong is he? I don't know I'll ask him something wrong with him moving along moving along So anyway, so now I start watching you listen to your overtime. Yeah, well you keep watching I watch and I listen at the same time. That's how good I am Then I saw your picture. Yeah, and that was enough to make you breath. No way I like men to have a like a receding here long yeah I started on the back of their neck and working down right Right, it's nice and smooth and sore off. They're my head too. Yeah, you're catching on on catching on with a drift Yeah, I'm here so what's going on? I tried to muscle in on our show again Huh, I said if Cory shows up again today. I'm gonna come back here and burn the building down Oh don't burn the building down sick of him. He makes me puke. Oh, oh Cory Why what the other way just to worry about his subcutaneous sack Maybe if we clean that out he might be your conscious Right you got more things to worry about than his subcutaneous and weather hello it is black Don't you yeah What's a mat you seem like you in the bad mood. I'm in a great mood. I was up till about a minute and a half ago And now you like giving me the third degree here. We're having a good time today so far I'm giving you the third degree. Yeah No, I hate making a question. Well, hi. Have a great day. Yeah, that's right. We've been a little too up tight A little too up tight. I mean have it. I stay Bitch 20 after one a Wild we have two open like go back to New York okay you give me a pain where I sit honey, okay God go away 524 Wild and open line at Broward. Let's do a little business here. Maybe we won't come back We can recover from that piece of crap Pump Should I'm a little nervous, I'm a part of all always be with you So stay away from a simple this soon I've been talking close, I should've seen my size I spilled the scent on my friend on mine You got to be back to now, I've got to do So keep away from a simple this soon Yeah, hey, keep away from that girl Hop on a silly room to now Give me what I've found soon She likes to see if I'm wrong Yeah, it's dinner with my bass and how We didn't feel as though it's not a tough call Now I'm afraid of falling off Here's the moral of the story from a guy who knows You sound the horse where this fungus grows And scanning for all that she ever knew I keep away from a simple this soon Yeah Keep away from a 25 WIDER RECIDS are the pay for challenge Today don't forget they're going to be up with us at pizza loft tonight And you can all give them a little friendly advice Keep going off the show Never again Just whisper in your ear, okay Or hit them over the head Kendall Yeah, needle This is Mr Wayne Huyzinger Yeah, um, I just want to tell you that How you doing? Promotion to my block club Yeah, and everything, how every like every second your voice keeps getting a little higher Wayne Yeah, yeah, that's what you said What is it? Pre-pubescent Another thing you said you wanted to clean race controversy We're here it goes Okay, one 26 at WIDER we have an open line in date 7519463 Let's go to the star line in Miami Hello Turn that radio down. Let's get on the stick here I'm sorry. That's okay Don't ever do it again We'll have it ever again Real quick something in Tampa happened this week and I want to Something about video time I miss that the warrior at the bottom of the steps Well, I don't know what happened because I was up to him Well, it seems that what do you mean you were out of town when you must have heard the news story or wouldn't know something happened Some pervert with a video cam was sticking his nose and other people's business And they were doing it in the bathroom with the blinds as they're like open And he was taped it Okay, one of those one arm video cams he had to keep the other arm free for obvious reasons And now he called of cops and they got busted They got a bus Tim first in the mouth and secondly for invading their privacy and thirdly for being a peeping idiot I'm a perfect I mean, I had taken him on the back alley and now exactly a video tape that too That's the whole problem now everybody's video taping everybody else so they can get everybody busted And they got because now they're gonna have a it's you ever seen 911 to rescue Yo, yeah The big exploit the people who are actually hurt at that second You know and they got 10 up in the ride And this guy he's just given right to start a new show on the fox called America's most pornographic home videos I'm Tony You know I've got nuts I know I've got almost three videos descend into them I'll make sure you show to start Okay, well, let us see him first Okay, okay One twenty eight a WIO day we have an open line in Broward five two four in our star line just opened up like the red sea It's star I OD a mobile in turnberry aisle Yeah, I just want to say the morning here Cory little two in the morning glad I'm a jetman I can't like Cory Jetman, that's like saying I'm the scum of the earth. It's like saying when your dog scutes on the living room floor That guy's what it leaves behind on the carpet. Okay, man. I'd be embarrassed to admit it sir Let's take a call from Hollywood and see if we can upgrade the level of these calls. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Great. Oh I wanted to call you and see what you thought about that Jose Consegal Madonna I saw that segment on current who's having in a fear last night Yeah, you see that and it just doesn't seem to ever end and who is that beam bet that he had there that he met at facade And he took home and they were like in the sack and the phone kept bringing him to the answer and it was Madonna And he was she was whispering in his rear or something and who cares, you know I'm getting sick of all those overpaid of flunkies man try to What exactly I think it's a match made in heaven. I think they're a perfect match Yeah, it is personality in her hygiene man. They ought to be great together Yeah, um the real reason I call it. I heard there's a rumor that you need some parts for your vet Really, yeah, I'm likely now now Like which part did you have in mind sir? Ah, which part of a motor? That's what Rick that Rick with tell me Rick Sanchez now Rick Riley. Oh, he lies a lot He's jealous. He wants to get one of the same color. He's been like a little child now. You know, he can't make up his mind He's going through that second stage, you know second childhood Yeah, one day he wants a Porsche next day he wants a vet just like kneels Then he wants his cober back He's a cober Yeah, was it what was it nice? I don't know. You have to ask him I like when I have a car like to have a roof on it, you know, just in case have a great day sir It's like that Dodge Viper, okay You think at least it would have some windshield wipers wouldn't you? It's got nothing don't even have a roof on it I don't have to go for that crap. We've got to spend 80 billion dollars for a car I mean I just have like radio and roof and windows just some of those little extras We have an open line at Broward 524Wild, Boka Hi Neil. Yes sir. Hi, first time calling long time listening. Have a great show. I sure do. I'm going to Chicago at the end of August. If it's not one of my dreams And that's go to Rick Leefield. Great. I want to ask you some questions about Chicago