He terrorized you in silence of a land. Hannibal the cannibal. Now he'll tenderize you at Hannibal House. Yes, Hannibal House. Where the food is always flesh. And now try our new Schmoghus morgue. Beechering all you can eat finger food. Uh, yeah, I'll have the hand and Swiss on-rhyme. I want a hot long, quick dog here. I'll re-prefect first. Try our 69 cents special. Scrabbled legs with fresh toast. And I'd like a coffee, too, please. It's regular or decanted case. Uh, never mind. And don't forget dessert. Try our world famous Hot Apple 5. This week, order to standard liver and onions with a drink. And keep the glasses. Or a hearing aid. Even a complete set of dentures. Why not bring a friend for dinner? Hannibal House. Tenth of life, mom. Oh, boy. This got to be a mistake. Isn't that, is this like a dream? I finally did see that movie Jacobs later, by the way. Strange movie. Very. Can somebody tell me what that was all about? Was that a dream? Was that whole thing a hallucination? It's like what's a pot of time in America? You watch the whole thing. And you get to the end. And you figure what the hell is that all about? Anyway, I guess this isn't a bad dream. Here I am back again in this exciting swing. And town boy, are we doing it or what? Oh, yeah. This is where it's at. This is a happening place, man. And if you believe that, you'll believe almost anything. You'll believe that our sales department has a collective IQ bigger than their shoe size. You see this log, man. I tell you, we've had going out of business sale at KT1. They we had a better log than this. This is incredible. Anyway, it's 1007 at WIOD. Lots of excitement and town. Of course, we got Major League Baseball. What are we talking about at WIOD football? All weekend long. It's all we're talking about football. Hey, how about the Gator? How about the hurricanes? Man, there's this kid who played at PU High. Up in Madison, Wisconsin, man. He can run 100 and two seconds. What a town. You know, it never changes. It just never changes. And they never got to change. Monday, there's nobody in town. We're not going to get 10 calls the whole show today. What the hell did I come back for? Anyway, the good news is we're going to Chicago. See, there were a lot of people who said to me, boy, you're going to be sorry. You're going to Europe and elsewhere at all kinds of places, which I went to Europe and to Vegas, which I'll get to in a moment. And you're not going to want to travel again. Like the end of the same week, you're going to be exhausted. Well, guess what? I'm ready right now. What time is the plane leave? For almost anywhere. And, of course, the reason that we're always told nothing goes on here in the summertime and this town drives up like a gigantic prune is because it's hot and it's humid. Well, I got news for you. On the fourth of July in Vegas, it was 113. 113. And they always say that, well, that's that dry heat. It's not that humid yet, right? When it's 113 in Vegas, it don't feel like one degree more than 112. I'll tell you that right now. It's just mild. You could fry an egg on your armpit. It's that hot. And you don't care. Because every place is air condition. You're having a great time. There's living and breathing. People have played the city was packed. And you'll never guess who I heard on the FM. I'm in my red-acar cutless. In my fire engine red cutless. And I flip it around on FM. And I hear this voice. I said, that can't be. That can't be who I think it is. On the soft rock station. And I think soft was the operative warden, his case. Well, I have to ask, what's your name about that? But anyway, it was lead you land. Formerly from the coast, formerly from Zeta, formerly from like every market in America. He's kind of like the Jeff Charles of FM. He works every place for about a month. And then gets kind of go someplace else. So lead you like was on here out there on FM in Vegas. I know that would get a lot of his fan excited. Didn't have too much time to listen to radio though. I guess it's not worth that. That's why nobody makes any money out there. Because who the hell listens to radio in Vegas? YouTube is he having a good time. I noticed Hank is on vacation this week, which I'll get to him in a minute. I wasn't, do you think he went to Vegas again? He was just out there for the fight. Anyway, I said I was going to hit all the high spots. A little bit I realized I did. I was an amsteredam. I was in Stockholm. I had an unscheduled couple of days in Copenhagen, which I was totally wrong about that place. That's a great town. That is a magnificent city. Stockholm is beautiful, but the weather there is so cold. It's just brutal, awful. Like in almost July and it's like raining in 60 degrees. It's a nightmare. And then I came back for a weekend and I sat around to this boring god forsaken town and I boarded my dogs. And I got on a plane. I went to Vegas and had four the greatest days of my life. Four and a half days, almost five. 160 degrees the first day. Then it was up to 108. 100 11. And finally, it's kind of like a cap or on the fourth of July. To go in line with the fireworks 113. Who the hell ever heard of it being 113? Nobody ever heard of it. But not that dry desert. And then I'm coming to work this morning. And during one of our infrequent commercial breaks, I punch up a to see if my friend Norm can't still live over on the light bulb. And I don't know what their story is over there. You never have the same person on twice two days in a row at the same time. You must be on vacation or something. And Gregory Benjamin was on there and he had this, hello, Dr. Shaw, I couldn't believe it. If there was any doubt in my mind that I was back in his town, that convinced me. Hello, Dr. Aha. It was the most embarrassing 10 minutes I have ever suffered through in my life. I just couldn't believe it. So now I know I'm back where I belong. 12 minutes after 10 at WIOD, George did a magnificent job of editing those tapes. He tells me the phones were ringing off the hook. We probably had more calls during the tapes. The best of tapes than we're going to get today. Look at that. We got forced thinking calls lit. Lines, whatever they are. Which don't rush because I got lots to talk about. Believe me. Lots. I could do the whole show on a sales department, but I was doing that before I went away. So it would be just picking up where I left off. I mean, they are so impossible. It's just there are no words to describe it. We're still running spots for me for a while of vacation. For sales, there were over like six years ago at places that have been in business for five years. One of the spots come on for the famous. That's what I want to know. Anyway, it's 1015 at WIOD. So I come back into town for it. See, people using as excuse. Why do you know what it's hot and humid? People don't want to stick around. That's why all the snowboards go back up north. And nobody wants to come here in a summertime. Let me say it again. It was 113 in the shade. It was so hot. I don't care whether it's dry, desert, heat, or what you want to call it. It was suffocating. And the places out there were packed. Forget about them, Iran. You can get anywhere near there. And by the way, if there's anybody else going to Vegas, I found a place to stay that will knock your socks off. It's the Marriott residents' ends. And this one is on Paradise Road just to block off the strip. And I'm telling you for like about a hundred bucks tonight. I know you can stay at the casino as far as nothing. If you want to stay in a casino and have to valley park your car every time and put up with all that crap, I don't like to do that. I like to go wherever the hell I want. Residents in. And they're all over the country. This is the greatest thing. It's like a and having your own apartment. They call them a studio. But they're huge. And they have a full kitchen with a microwave and a big hub, refrigerator with an ice maker and a whole bit. It's like having your own apartment for a week or however long. In fact, they they rent them out by the week or the month or whatever. Great sensational. The best place I've ever stayed in Vegas, outstanding. And I started to say I never got near the Mirage because I went through to Valley Park one day and forget it. Valley Park and this was like a nine o'clock in the morning. Full, sorry. So if you wanted a self park, you'd have to like park about two miles away and they're expansive lot and walk in a hundred and ten degree heat. Well, there's only ten in the morning. So maybe there's only a hundred and nine for two miles. So I said forget it. Screw that. But I'm just saying that to give you an idea of how jam packed every place was from the start us to palestation to be a name it. All of them. Just jam packed with people loaded. And everybody having a great time. And again, 110, 111, 112, 113 degrees on a fourth of July. And jam packed with people spending their harder and dollars like it was coming out of a sieve coming out of a faucet. So anyway, before I went to Vegas the last weekend, not this past but the previous weekend, I came back from Europe long, long, grueling trip back. And I turned on the radio and I'm hearing on a Monday morning. We could go, would have been two weeks ago today or we could go today. I guess a week ago today. And I'm listening to the tapes the best of which I hate to say, but I enjoyed it. I thought it was pretty good. If I do say so myself. And I hear a promo for Hank Goldberg saying, my guest tonight's going to be Sandy Payton. I immediately got on a plane and went to Vegas. I mean, are we trying to turn the clock back? Is that what we really want? I have a feeling that this station has a death wish. I really believe that. I really do believe that they long for those old days when they had Sandy and Bill Smith and this monotonous boring sports where they talk about sports that aren't even in season all day. Sandy Payton. I mean, are we serious? They were desperate to get that bitch out of here and now Hank brings her back on again. Because Hank, I guess, wants to be the hero of all the jury actor, except I don't know what's all about. We worked our ass off to get living and breathing demographics for two and a half years. And now we're trying our damnedest to go back to what we used to be. Radio death. But I guess when you're in this market, I guess maybe that's all you got to choose from. Certainly at this time of the year, the living and breathing people are all gone. There's nobody here. There ain't nobody here because if anybody's got more than like $5 in their pocket, there are I heard Mike this morning talking about how his mind was like somewhere else. He kept envisioning and he's going off to the keys and they're having another cruise on Thursday. There's just something about this town. It was last weekend. I'm telling you, was so depressing coming back here from Europe that I was determined when I got up Monday morning. I was going to go anywhere. If I couldn't get a plane ticket to Vegas, I just go somewhere. Anywhere. Just to get out of here. Now there's got to be something wrong with that. Can't just be me. There has to be something missing here. Like life. Like people under the age of death. Sandy Peyton, I hope that we get a caller today from somebody who heard that show. What could she possibly have talked about besides sugar cookies? What could she possibly have talked about on this station that she'd almost destroyed with Bill Smith for like two, three, four years. With those terminal shows on bilingualism. If I have to hear one more show on bilingualism, I'm going to puke in Spanish. Which sounds kind of tasty. Watch out for those free holies, man. Those are really a mess. What am I getting excited about? What am I getting all worked up about? There's nobody here. All weekend long that I've been back. I keep thinking of myself. I dread coming in for two reasons. First of all, I'm coming back from vacation, which I don't want to be here. And number two, I'm thinking there's nobody here anyway. Who the hell am I going to be talking to? I got like 50 pounds of mail. When I'm here, I get like very little mail. I go away for two weeks. I got 50 pounds of crap mail. Hate letters, garbage, nonsense. Then worth time is writing again about casino gambling. Good luck, Stan. Here's this big headline in the paper. Baseball, yes. In big letters front page of the Suncental. Geographic enormous explosive headline on Saturday. And I turn on this station Saturday evening and we're talking football. With Mr. I took a shower with every joc in the world. Talking football again. Oh, and how about those gators and the kids? What about the dolphins? I don't understand it. I just for the, and then yesterday, you know, who a Dodo Birdhead on, Mr. Can't see the force for the trees. He's got a real moral on. I go to the story yesterday. I turn on our station for two minutes. And then who calls in, but Henry Barrow with another one of his stories about, you know, how he used to be great when he used to let him in the orange bull. And how he was staggering on his hands and knees. And they kicked him in the face and broke his glasses again. And it was a role moral that did it. And all or whatever the hell he was talking about. I punched it right off. I went to FM. I couldn't believe it. I could not believe it. Yeah, I got like 700 copies in the mail and Roger saved it for me. The tropic thing about the Teflon anchor, Rick Sanchez. And then there was a piece about Larry King that I got about 2000 of those. There is a picture in here in this tropic thing of Rick has put on his makeup. That's pretty smart me when you got to put your own makeup on, you know, pretty low budget here next door. But anyway, here's Sally with her hair and curlers. Have you seen this? Oh, this is worth somebody sent me a picture of this. And I didn't know what it was. And all that mail I just opened. And I didn't know who it was or what it was. And I just threw it away. And now I look at this thing and stay right next to Rick who's putting his lipstick on. Purple by the way. Here's Sally with her hair up in curlers. I want some instrument she's got her left hand. I wonder. Anyway, it's 1024 and WIOD. I understand Rick and Suds run their worst behavior while I was awake. Cory who we thought we had ridden him by already. See when the rats away, the cats will play or saw how we're that thing goes. That's just how it is. Like a bunch of children. Cory, chronic pain in the ass boring and bearacing with that rap crap. Okay. Now that one of these white guys who thinks it's cool to be black now. I just don't understand that. I was on a plane coming from I was going from four-laterdale to Vegas. So on the first part of that four-laterdale to Dallas. Guy sitting next to me. Looks at me and right away I realize he knows who I am. His name is Al Rothstein. He used to work at Channel 4. Big fan of mine. Good guy. And we're talking about local TV and about all of us other. And you know the thing with Channel 7 is everybody realizes there are joke. It's hysterical. It's a panic. Who could possibly take them seriously? And they're over here next door right now. Putting on their makeup and with the Rick's hair is up in the curlers and everything. It's just an incredibly bad joke. Speaking of plane trips by the way. Why is it that the last every time you go on vacation? The last leg of the last plane trip coming back home is always the worst part. All the other trips from here to Amsterdam everywhere. No matter where I went. No problem at all. Great flights. Smooth even KLM of course. They know how to do it. The food was good even. But coming back from Dallas. This is out of Vegas. Coming from Dallas to four-laterdale. The worst flight in my life. And of course the reason for that is there's always like storms in the middle of the summertime. It's a longly Gulf Coast and especially as you get to Florida. And the plane is dropping and the doors are rocking and clapping and clapping and and you can just your glad you're in first class because you can hear behind the curtains. You can hear the sound of all the muffled barf bags being ripped out of the things there. All over the place. Man we got to Florida and all of a sudden just dropping and puking and and you could see the lightning it was at night. So it was really exciting. It was like a free 4th of July fireworks show about a week later. It was great. So anyway Corey makes it come back. Was on I understand from my inside spy for at least one whole show and maybe a second show. But anyway I was starting to mention that the guy Al Rothstein, he is in a business now where they guys got to be making some bucks. Where they distribute they pedal all these indicated shows like our and Oprah and Haraldon all this crap. So he has our scenario. And we were talking about this phenomenon now which I still don't understand about where it's hip for white guys to want to be black. Remember months ago we did that thing about rap music and how it was in which now it's like kind of border line. But that's the whole new deal now. Is it's hip to talk blacklingo and to try to be like our scenario. Other than having as money I can't imagine why anybody would want to be like our scenario but it's just the part of Americana. Anyway so getting back to Rick and Suds you know they were talking about doing their show at Amsterdam and as I was there for for very I always have a great time there. You can't help but have a good time. I was thinking to myself they don't want to come here and do a show. Amsterdam is like a freak show. When you're inside anywhere you're inside your hotel you're inside a restaurant. It's like you know an interesting but kind of normal place when you go outside no matter where you walk it's like a freak show. Like 95% of the people walking the streets in Amsterdam look like they just came out of a circus out of a carnival. It's bizarre. And as far as that aroma I got news for him and I don't you know if you want to smoke a little rope or whatever you're doing that's up to you but it's just that I always thought that was the dog droppings on the ground. At last two times I was there I thought these dogs got bad diet because you do see lots of piles in the street okay but that's not what that aroma is coming. The aroma comes from all those cafes and it smells bad. I mean if that stuff does to your brain what the equivalent of how it smells no one of those people all look like zombies okay and as far as the sex part of his concern I don't you know it's interesting to walk by the red light district and you see the big old church in there's all these windows. First of all if you have to pay for sex in Amsterdam you got to be desperate even more desperate than I mean if you can't get laid in Amsterdam you might as well forget it. And secondly the these prostitutes in the window are so fat and so ugly. I mean that's what I keep thinking of myself who are the guys who come in here and do business. I mean they got to be more desperate than anybody I've ever met in my life even Johnny dark. Well close. I listen he don't pay for anything okay for that no way but he don't pay for anything. I just don't understand it. I mean they're ugly they're all ugly and fat and they sit in those windows you're standing around in the windows like they're desperate like please won't somebody come in it's not business ain't too good today and I can understand why. So I just don't think that's where they really want to do and you know I could be wrong but I just it's just bizarre and if you want to go to a place to watch people go to Copenhagen I would not see I was only there one day last year and I was sick and I come out vacation short and I came back and I didn't really get to see any of the city or what was going on that's a great place and talk about beautiful people even the old people look good in Denmark. That's what they must be where they got to term great things because I've got news for them and those people are incredible looking in Denmark just the best by test trust me. So that basically covers did I leave anything out I mean I could sit here and ramble on for four hours but I know we're going to get tons of call also you know when you're on these long flights and it's like nine hours from here to Amsterdam and about to uh I guess eight and a half and nine coming back because you're against the going against the headwinds you have a lot of time to read I read some of the best books I've ever read now that made out sound too exciting on vacation but when you're sitting on a plane and you can't sleep I guess that's about all you're going to do. One I predict is going to be the next godfather I'm sure they're going to make a movie out of it's called sins of the father then we have a call about that caller two before I went away I think so great book true story about this guy who was in the mob all of his life kind of like a petty mob kind of guy with his family in New Jersey of course and how finally he's going to go up the river for a coke they set him up and he gets caught with a whole bunch of coke that he's peddling and so he turns witness and he goes into that the government witness protection program and they have to keep moving them and they move the family to buffalo and they change the names then they move them to somewhere else and the kid is a high school football player it's an incredible story it's a great book the one of the other books uh monkey on a stick which is about the Harry christnas if there's anybody out there who think even thinking about the belonging to a cult I mean if you haven't learned already that religion is a bunch of crap to begin with I mean a Harry christnas are some of the all-time worst just read it's it's an all-a-book store is now monkey on a stick it's a great book for those of you who are into the an rule jack Olson type books down a big fan of the true crime stories there was a book called victim and I can't think of the author of it but man just a gut wrenching horrendous book but really great reading true story these are all true stories and there was another one that was very disturbing called most likely to succeed and these these things about these pointless murders I don't know why I become obsessed or fascinated with reading them but I just I just can't put these books down you get through them like an in less than one plane trip you're through a whole book and already there was a book which I I've finished in just the trip from Vegas coming back to here and I can't think of the name of it it was about the case up in New England we saw lots of the footage from the immortal trial with the kid where they fell in love with his teacher all of she wasn't really a teacher she was like some kind of a pseudo teacher and she can she uh... convinced him that the only way he could be with her kids like fifteen sixteen years old is to uh... kill her husband and so he had a couple of his friends did they shot the husband and killed them and I can't think of them the trial is over like it just not even warm yet okay the jury is just barely uh... commoner here getting back home and already there's a book up but it was very good and speaking of that is anybody seen the new court tv i don't know if that's on any of the local cable systems it did start the day that i was leaving on um... to go to Vegas started a week ago today court tv July 1 came on i have it on the satellite pretty interesting in fact on the first day they showed on tape one of there was a murder trial go down and four lot of the all and one of the attorneys the defensive turning uh... they had the jury out of the room and he gets into a screaming match with the judge and his all pissed off because the judge told him that he was the worst attorney ever saw the judge is saying i didn't say that to you know the attorney walks out of the room and then comes back in and demands that the judge recuse himself from the trial and the judge walks out it was great that's good i don't know if it's going to be on the local cable systems probably not because it's too interesting pampered pines hey no yeah that you had a good time in Vegas let me tell you a judge that i have a job where you're gone anyways you watch a couple of game last night judge to the hell of a job all i was going to watch the first eight in insert i went to bed thank god unbelievable that is beyond well there experts said we got a lot of practice well listen let me tell you just got back from the uh... breakfast book first of all sir let me say this here we don't discuss baseball on this station we only discuss football on w i o d no matter what the temperature is no matter what the time of the year is even if the day before we got a big headline it's his baseball yes it's official we got the marlins we still we don't discuss baseball on w i o d this is true let me tell you just got back from the breakfast post of this and drawn at the second leg of the fantasy park derby here swanner no if you want to be interested in with here on the bat the eight horses i'll be running so 500 thousand grade one event uh... post one position was drawn from the hangover stable and it's uh... hanky panky he's going to be written by christmaker and his odds are currently at eight to one post position two will be lady common east of who as you know one to last event which was elain at source race but she was just well okay listen have a great day ten thirty eight a w i o d we have an open line indeed i mean the first call out of the box and we got an amateur comedian out there oh man no i the core must have had a big influence on a station core i got news for you it's embarrassing okay pal and even no mommy or your androor whoever gave you thirty grand to come and those shoes around with the dolphins with that stupid song it sucks it's pathetic it's embarrassing it's it'd be bad okay it be real bad and it be real embarrassing okay so grow up and go get a job mobile and pop what is it hello okay okay that's two for two bokeh rock the green start we're doing it now i know for sure well he wanted to make sure i knew where i was what all the races all he was trying to be a comedian sir like so many of the people call this radio station who are about as funny as cancer of the tone-in- we are just a little hot funny if you would listen to the day you can't do drugs on the station right anyway how much money can i get no forget you to play by play for the baseball you gotta be the play by play no they don't even bring it up okay that day something this station probably didn't even go for the baseball so it just isn't going to happen they're going every every guy who's ever brought cast a ball game is going to be sending in tapes i have no chance so you know for i think you're totally wrong because if this time got behind you definitely play by play for the town he couldn't get behind me so it's not going to happen i think it's going to happen okay i'm ready i mean i'd be delighted but it's not going to happen don't don't say that i have a good son it could okay you know it just you'd be perfect for sure and and then you could do uh now it's been like has been at least 81 days out of town anyway right and then you can be with your buddy Rick over there if they get the service the television yeah channel 7 you know they might put my hair up and curl his right next to Sally did you did you hear there was a blow with Hank about uh he didn't pay for the beer or stuff on his show one night what do you mean he didn't hear about that no i haven't heard about anything i've overly been out of shape one night about that something called about what that they just told them that they were there when it happened and then he definitely didn't pay for the beer and he got he told the person to screw off on the radio really it was unbelievable huh well it's about time he showed a little bit of uh emotion he got he got really i mean he got well it's good it's about time see that i mean the thing that bothers me about Hank show is that he's doing his comokai to think for old people i thought when I thought what Hank was gonna go on he'd be feisty and argumentative and exciting and you know he should be uh he should be exactly but he hasn't been he brings these boring politicians and then sandy paint and i wish somebody would tell me did you hear that show oh god are you listening i wasn't here oh god you would have just peaked your brains out of here he didn't he didn't he didn't suck around sandy did he yeah he did but the main thing was he kept saying that he says we thought then you haven't older on his she goes yeah but they they came on he for things they listen and and i'm going oh you got to be kidding me because he asked the question did he had to do you have anybody under a hundred listening to your show oh yeah she doesn't matter does this number something you know i think the question is does he have anybody under a hundred listening i think that's the question i think you're it you're welcome back thank you say care see you bye pop-in-o and ill yes sir uh when the marital is starting playing i don't want you talking about the ten game in a role losers at jacago okay yeah give us some support what is that what is that mean give us some support oh jacago not even worth the new fight we have an open line at broward five two four wio d one of the starline stario d my amy hello hi do i know okay would you say this to all this and i'll probably that manditch and people just have calling as touching about the name that you think that it changed the name when we start playing and it is it was who cares what the name is point is a good team yeah well i don't know if it's the whole town but certainly the audience of this radio station man if anybody came in and listen to the audience that calls in this station like this last asshole it was on your amenidico did they would you know and maybe that's it maybe that's what this town is all about and let me say this to you if that's the case then the marlins are going to be in for a long hot empty summer days after the initial glamour wears off because i mean you know i i just i couldn't believe it's Saturday here's this big headline it's the day after the official announcement we get major league baseball and nine out of ten colors are calling it on the sports shows on his radio station talking about football who gives a flying crap about football in the middle of July now you just every call i recall was about the name they should call a man they should call man right okay yeah well you're dealing with a bunch of overgrown children sir it's not just not in the adult town a bunch of overgrown juveniles i'm grateful i mean with prayers when they ought to be on her hands and they ought to be lined up at blockbuster four thousand deep to buy tapes that they don't even care about just to say thanks to whanha zango i wonder how long it'll be before they start ripping him i was a vagus for the week for the week of the fight and you're right the maran's is an americaing work in the place yeah i'll stay next to the season with that every place is packed the x calibur is packed the star dust is packed the hilton is packed palestation is packed there's more people in one block out there than you'll find in this whole town right now i wasn't the presser come back yes yes and then talking to a couple of these idiots we got here this first hour man it's just it's pathetic i've already i can think of three right off the bed i've only taken about seven or eight calls and three of them more more on's they're give us some support i got your support right over here you'd say like about a size two jack strap pal did you put any baseball games over there with me uh one did you put any baseball games i ignored baseball when i was there okay there's best i could i bet on a horse called on a god i had bell mod and he came through on a rail with Mauricio vaskas and one like a champion i was betting bell mod monmouth on the fourth of July they had a met in a cart at the middle lands i was betting the middle lands i'm a single league no i wasn't that desperate i was just great you just can't be that it is just a great i want to move out there but i can't trust myself i just all my money i'll put drop in the casino you know fine if i could get a job out there paying anything i would be there admit because it's like i said from a health standpoint it's there's something about the metabolism i uh blood sugar is great i feel better and it just uh i don't know what it is everybody's just for nice i'll just a friend it's just a different still different just like here just like here this is a name bear have a great day part of hanging there first hour back from vacation i hope you give us a give us a chance give us a break give us some uh yeah give me this pal you idiot you're pushing you pushing you push for something and you get on the bandwagon you try to be supportive and then right away uh there no matter what you do here they still want to turn on it because they're a bunch of negative assholes but otherwise have a nice day 1058 at WIO D we have an open line in date 751 morbid let's go to for a lot of day on a day line morning the awoken back yes sir it's great to be back yeah Saturday mornings on the late bulb network yeah black guy wants to be white and the orange yeah great it's uh topic of conversation with Neil Rogers uh that was it well that's all i got to talk about that would they better kiss the ground that i came back but you mean even while i was gone they were still talking about me got it well that's great they said welcome back Neil thank you that great we start putting board ops on here everybody's got to show i wonder if he's probably got more lives pots and i got this sales department i want to tell you something you're like the bubonic plague in drag but not well disguised okay see one thing about when you go on a vacation here it's like you have to pay for it because they stop selling your show and then we come back it takes like a couple weeks to regenerate see you basically for a month you suffered not that i'm suffering because i make a good book but i'm just talking in general you lose about a third of your revenue because they just throw out screw him you know six six six seven five your 15 at WI would do we have our first lady in crossbrings hi Neil hi did to have you back yeah yeah um i actually did catch the last part of guiding light on Friday when they're all getting ready for the surprise party oh they haven't had it yet yeah they haven't so today it'll be a good day it's gonna be the killer with all yeah everybody's just up there i wanted to i'm telling you about Hank Goldberg show you know when Sandy paint with us they said that rumor about her not getting along with some micronary with all of the lines you want to clear it up that she gets along it's him well so you're saying it's not well somebody is not telling the truth okay and i have a feeling it's her you see people always think that everybody loves them okay especially people with a massive ego much bigger than their talent like her look at Mitch Lewis he weighs about 80 poms look at us can you use anyway uh because i don't i've never met her all i've done is here on here and she comes across so syrupy and sweet and all this other and she worked here for a long time she was here for years and the scuttled about i get here as they hated her like poison that she was a real premedana and that everybody you're hated her and uh i'm telling you away they tried to make sure that your name didn't get on there with other colors but she wanted to clear that up and it was obvious it was you that she was talking about that started the rumor but she gets along no it's not a rumor yeah i just i'm glad because you're always saying this is just radio so i don't know to believe you are not yeah that's why i call this you well my me is that it but is that important well it's not important but you're a gone to you mr. syrupy because i i got news for it you remember the time when they wanted to put her on with mic in the morning oh yeah i do and he just about blue agascod and he's one of the most laidback easy going guys you'd ever want to know i mean he don't get too excited he just comes in thanks to check you know but he just about had a nervous breakdown over that no way Jose was he gonna put up with that crap she said it was her choice that you she worked all these years and she didn't want to be you know second hand yeah right she's the best well i i just can't believe i don't know what's gotten into hang i guess he i'm telling he wants to be the next Larry King he wants to just kiss everybody's butt bringing all of politicians and he's boring people and suck around and toss some cream puff questions i don't i just not the hang that i expected i thought he was gonna be done that's the question right okay have a great day thanks 11 18 at wild we have an open line in brownard five two four nine four six three my amy yeah are you doing okay welcome back yes sir it's really a trip to be back i know and that you were talking about the plane flight coming back in from Dallas yeah i'd then on that oh but you're gonna hit the ground wow i mean we went through storms and thunder and lightning and just that thing with the players rattling and the the i'm telling when the pilot came out started doing a hell marries and rubbing his rosary beads how new we're in trouble how long after you thought you had to ground it he did that though he had a cleanest pants before he did well he had some depends you and Allison was in first class i wonder call i was listening i put on the channel uh Saturday night jimmanage you know what jim's got on he's got an on page right great football player and he's talking about Alan trying to handle kuchemberg yeah super bowl and you know what he refers to the purple people leaders he said purple Peter eaters really and i'll close to show if you take it off of those showers with the guy that starts affecting your lingo to i guess i would think Alan page would want to reach over and grab him by his solar yeah i can't keep on with there and take that microphone and stick it down his nose you're okay right over there oh but i'm glad you're back safe now you know i know you that's talk some football how about those painters next year wait a bit what what kind of a town is this i just don't get it i'm like it you know this town reminds me of it's like a bunch of little children and they they made up their mind that this is the way they're going to be and nobody is going to change them well can you can fuse them with anything this is the way they're going to be and they're going to keep screaming about by lingualism and they're going to keep fighting with each other and i'm going to keep talking about things like out of season and a middle of the December they're going to be talking about watermelons it's just it's just my we don't want my girlfriend and i're going to do by side season tickets and we're going to go watch baseball because i'm from Washington and i used to watch the senators yeah which you know they were okay but it was a nice night out you bet but that's what i'm going to do in your area is Harry says there's nothing like fun at the old ball that's right ever hot dog and a cold little weenie and a cold brew and you're in heaven yeah and everybody got what you take care thanks a lot just heard another amazing Sally Fitz roomer which we cannot tell on the year i think she gets her news tips on deep background 23 after 11 at wild palm bay hey Neil yes sir how are you great alright good to hear you yeah hey yeah we got a paper up here called the Florida today yeah and i got a article here i wanted to tell you about it called a you ladded toxic tote spark debate talking about your food tote what is it i can barely hear you oh they're talking about the boofoo tote yeah and says here in ten book pines that down around by you close someone had butchered twenty boofoo frogs good all right someone had someone had walked around and found them with no legs and no heads a few of them were chopped in half great i wish they'd come to my neighborhood of which they come up to plantation acres and chop a few up oh i can't have thought maybe that wasn't a good idea no no no no hey and i got a suggestion for you yep and you call the Florida line the Florida line the Florida line the Florida line there you go i like it i like it okay okay it's a great day pal 24 after 11 at wild we have an open line on the star line if you have bell south mobility remember how work star i od like magic and one on our tool free of Florida line 1-800-944-Wild i guess nothing went on here while i was gone uh nothing zero zippity doota uh coma city north bay village hey yes sir yeah Neil it's what you've gone on vacation and say how great it is i come keep coming back to my amy well because again nice paycheck every Thursday that's what i thought yeah still have the porch yeah still uh faded still why still faded out yeah right ready to sell it no no no no no need a wax shop no i need not the car either stop teasing me any free letters available for uh going to Chicago no see yeah 1125 and w was that from inside the building i call well said north bay village it could have been i wouldn't be surprised that was probably one of the salespeople by the way i i think tomorrow we're gonna do a whole show on the sales department okay i really do i know we probably have overdone it not but boy they are just the deadly they're brutal it's like some kind of punishment that you have to go through what they'll they do with all my people all my children we got a call from Huntsville Alabama you got it buddy was that on the floor idiot line in your call in this line toll free and you're getting in for free from out of state it's either that are collect outstanding i see this isn't supposed to work outside of Florida so we won't talk too loud okay okay out because it's costen them an arm and a leg and then they won't be able to afford the rights to a hurricane basketball again hey where'd you go on your vacation i went to europe and i went to Las Vegas x i've we figured Las Vegas yeah didn't know anything about you're waking you up in a week in the Vegas you get raped in Vegas now not necessarily well that's not a story now i don't i don't rapes here i just got a nozzle up and say uh what's going on all right i got a third time i'm a red buddy in okato b sent me a bunch of tapes uh yeah of you right before vacation well i'll be dang in other words you uh listen up i mean you're right live there in huntsville i have been steward for long oh in store while you you've hit all the high spots yeah buddy i tell you now i think next you when i go on vacation i'm going to store it well next you go through go through store and come up to huntsville yeah instead back in time hey i got news for is sir i live in Miami i'm already two centuries back in time okay think i thought i'd move from uh further up the century line but god dang i'm back in time now they got pretty excited in huntsville when they dug up Zach retailer because they thought he was still president hey but we do have the uh the age farm team here all right well yeah so i get a little based on yeah we were excited about the new marlin nice sure and the Florida marlins i don't care what they'll call them i don't care if their uniforms are pucing purple i you know i love them and i'm ready and i'm going to be an every game and it's great no doubt have they come up with the manager yet uh don't zimmer are you serious no i heard somebody they'd be a lot of fun it would be and when you're already know you're going to lose a hundred games how much worse can he make it i don't know unless you got on one of them slim fast diets and then you can you can make it well that's when that's when he went all the hell we were doing great we wanted 89 we were doing great all of a sudden when i want to lose stupidly sorted diets and he started losing weight and i think it had a metal effect too and it's been down here and i'll ever since you're right say the cubs uh you but your life last night was vintage cubs here that was the epitome of the season they're leading six to one eighth inning just smoking right along no problem at all and i wake up this morning and they blew in fact even in extra readings they took the lead in the top of the 12th seven to six and they lose it eight to seven just desperate well i'm i'm afraid span and they're about on the same level these days they they were they started out real hot and now they're back to the vintage set and i'm so hot yeah yeah well listen you know you got your team and your stick with them and your suffer that's what I've sold it's like working here at wild just to stay with it and your suffer a nice paycheck you've been suffering ever since you bet you well listen have a great time up there buddy all right take care now stay out of the sun now all right i buy it 1129 on the afforded idiot line we're getting some good calls on there 1-800-944-9463 one of the fact that's caught up all your friends from out of state and tell them they can call us toll free even if they don't know who i am just so we can build up a gigantic bill hey listen these people are got five billion dollars all crap about well a station lost money and Disney's got to make but hey they ought to just give everybody a big fat check and say hey screw it right if they were real nice friendly folks what they have to worry about the profit margin and are they getting a return on their dollar screw it how much more do they need they're probably listening up there on the listen line right now in Atlanta how much is that line costing them right what job do you idiot he's can you believe jerk now stand in similar times yeah i've been snap at a people all day maybe it's time of the month me too you know i've been cranky retaining water and look where in these white gloves i know what you mean every 28 days i get this insatiable craving to buy a banjo and a corncarp pipe yeah well then it looks like there's only one thing to do sir and was that down mr. indolacatol oh oh yeah we found was in gixel away oh wait these two minutes suffering from pre menstrual syndrome beware the warning signs if your husband ever comes on with a tan brine or a banjo pick and insist on calling you mr. boons hide the shoe polish and call your family doctor immediately so i tell me that mr. boon yes some mr. interlocker too that woman i saw you were glad now oh that was no woman that was martina never to luma no it's not very funny and there is no cure so when it happens to the man in your life try to understand pre minstrel syndrome yes well i finally got remember they brought all that snapple just as i was leaving like i predicted i noticed their spots are on tape two by the way but anyway um raspberry flavored diet ice tea and it is incredible with nutris wheat mmm mmm boy that is good we have an open line in brown or five two four wio d Miami name welcome back thank you so much have you heard um uh the latest gossip concerning of the handcoolberg and josegaggy war no oh my god um that uh you mean now that josebic tv personality now is uh ego is bigger than his head well that's that's uh that's pretty rough um the uh the day of the fight coverage that Tyson fights coverage yeah thank was out in last Vegas as usual and uh josebic here in Miami and uh handcats finish a show findo after and it over to the gaggy now all of a sudden the girls to a spot and then they come back and introduce handcats again now hang it's fun on the air and says uh goldberg it's night is over goldberg has left the building slams down the microphone we have his dead air for about 10 seconds they run over to a spot well wait a minute wait a minute Hank is in Vegas? Hank isn't Vegas now he'll findo off turned over to the gaggy right okay now all of a sudden they reintroduce Hank now Hank goes on gets on the air and says uh goldberg night is over goldberg has left the building slams down the microphone and we have his like dead air for about 10 seconds yeah now they run over to another they found it do some spot or something the gaggy gets on and says we'll have to have pushed legact we'll consider our fight coverage so there was a better fight going on in the background then the Tyson fight really how come it's taken over two hours for me to hear about this well I asked George to think of a head touched on now I've been getting some rublings in fact just before our winaway I was getting some rublings around the building that there was a new war starting between Hank and a sports department oh yeah of course you know the sports do huh I think it's full blown worn out boy just amazing well see I'd be you know as much as I love the dolphins and as much as I would love to do the uh Marlon games and all this other stuff I know the sounds dramatic I hope Disney is back in his office in the genre somewhere because I just saw him in there with the all dressed up with no place to go but this station would be better off to dump all the sports including all these endless hours of non-sensical sports talk where they keep talking about the same nose picking crap over and over again and just be a real radio station I'm telling you the sports department here is like like an anchor on the Queen Mary and I've said that since the day I came here it's like they believe that they run this entire radio station why agree with you I want much prefer to have personalities like you or it says I mean let's not look I talk probably too much about sports okay and but a little bit is okay but but I was thinking even this weekend driving around it is such narrow focus and it's so boring to hear the same crap over and over and over again and people calling it about the draft and guys who haven't been born yet and cities that haven't been on a map yet I mean how many people are really interested in that yeah it's overkill you bet yeah you know it's nice to talk about it once in a while but but it's part of a mix not is not like it's some kind of a neurosis exactly well me on flat and heavy back I love you thanks a lot okay 1221 and W I know that people are going to get upset about that but I'm not looking to start you don't have to start a war with the sports department all you got to do is be here that's all you have to do and you already have a war because they man they're they run the place and the people the powers that be condemned deny that all they want making uh I'm telling you the sports here comes first even the news comes second the sports runs this radio station and Roger was showing me this morning there was some article in the hero which I only he didn't even show he was reading from it and they were speculating on which stations are going to get the broadcast rights to the Marlon games and they said the natural one would be W I O D but maybe because we pay all this money for the rights to the dolphins maybe we don't have the bucks for well I when you're dealing with Cox broadcasting and see we don't have the bucks for it that's the most ridiculous thing in the world the question is would we make money on it obviously and Disney was quoted in there saying you know if it's if it's not a good business deal we wouldn't be even not look at it you know so I don't know what to deal is so I have mixed feelings about that on a one hand I'd like for self-restan point for us to have the games because maybe I'd be involved or even if I didn't it would still be exciting to have them and on the other hand it would just seem to me just just be the final nail in the coffin to just overwhelm this place and make it like sports neurosis 24 hours a day I mean you turn on the weekend and if it isn't make green talk in the 90 year old the ladies about rolling over in the ground with their CDs it sports morning noon and night even the garden guys a breath of fresh air okay and he's talking about what kind of plants are we gonna put in the ground at the stadium or obsessed we were sick with it 1223 at Wiod we have an open line in date 751 war so we got a little war going here between Hank in a sports department also I understand that there's a little a little a bad blood about guests too because Hank Hank said I will say this he even though it has a lot of these buck kissing shows with the politicians he had a great show with marino one night and I'm trying to remember some of the other sports people he really does a good job when he gets sports people on when he gets these politics these boring I you know he'll learn his lesson I hope these boring politicians on and just kisses and kill like sheriff Nick and a Hirschfeld and Mayor Suarez oh man give me a break but when he's got a guy like marino on there are some of these other big name it's it's great and the sports department I guess presents that because they're supposed to have the only jackstraps in the building Boca Neil yes sir first I got to have George answer in the phone last time I checked because what I call I got out was I yeah I talked to Neil about putting my head in a micro Hey he says where are you calling from yeah he don't care he's now he's in a lunch right now he's busy he's in a lunch and he's also planning is a trip in Chicago but it may be my day well that's what I was going to call I don't want to get sports intensive because he knows that his wife isn't going to be allowed to go on a trip and he's just wondering what kind of interesting weekend he might have there there you go you can't be Chicago but oh when I opened up the paper today I almost died oh well it's lit up six to one oh you mean oh what paper did you see that in there was in