Roger, sheltered, talk to Mia.
Flips, six, six, six, six, six, eight, eight,
or a county, or town, flips,
T.S. Rines and Fireless Customers.
87775, Mia is a toll-free,
plane ticket, and expressed by Neil Rogers.
His guests are called.
Does not reflect those in the recently broadcastroom.
If staff, advertisers, or agencies.
Now, the Neil Rogers show on 560 Q.A.A.
Yes, that often does instant.
Welcome to another edition of this side,
Life with Sportings.
Draced and nasal mist is our guest today.
Yo, Dre, yo, would you have to say about your admirers
who are obsessed and worship you in every way
and base their intellect and entire existence
on your ability to catch a ball?
I don't know what I've been told
but the big-legged woman ain't got no soul.
What should take on over an under and under
the over of the underwear?
I don't know what I've been told
but a big-legged woman ain't got no soul.
And what should take on those rumors lying around
that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan
on those NCI spots?
And they say you're getting close to signing that contract.
I don't know what I've been told
but a big-legged woman ain't got no soul.
Tell us more about your charitable work
for underprivileged children helping to improve
their mathematics skills
through showing them how to properly wag crack rock.
I don't know what I've been told
but a big-legged woman ain't got no soul.
We'll be back with more insight, lifeless,
foreign holes.
10-0-2-5-60-WQ, I'm welcome to
whatever this is. You're on a Tuesday?
Well, what a day yesterday.
Yesterday was like a dark,
grotesque black Monday.
The stock market, I'm driving at the track last night
and I'm going east on sunrise Boulevard
and I see a little dog, you know,
cute little dog crossing the street,
bouncing across in the middle of traffic.
And so I slam on a break to make sure
that if it gets anywhere near me, I'm not going to hit it.
And the guy in front of me,
I'll have to assume he didn't see it.
I'll just give him the benefit of the dog.
You know what I'm saying?
But he sure as hell felt it.
Did he stop? No.
I mean, he just
smeared this poor little dog,
just to turn it in the instant road kill.
I swirved around it to make sure I didn't go over it again
but I think it was a little bit too late.
You know what I'm saying?
And the full moon,
the old cock and moon is out there.
Just one of those things,
then come in this morning and find out
that our program director is a little girl.
Oh my God.
Oh, I always knew that,
but I mean like a little girl.
Come on, brush up a little bit, Duff.
How did Neil find out about the,
better be better?
See, you can't give me in the dark forever,
no matter what it is, it always gets back to me.
Because everybody in this building is a professional yenta.
And it all filters right back to...
Oh God!
That's right.
And it's not that much of a big deal
about the fact that Channel 10 is programming our radio station.
That's okay.
Maybe we should ask them what's the run for the summer.
Yeah, or maybe we should ask them to sell some spots.
Because obviously our sales deprommonate doing it.
Wouldn't you think that we'd have more important things to be worried about
and people like Brian and sales
that have more important things to be concerned about?
Didn't worry about Channel 10 is upset
because we ran a promo about the one I said,
something about Dwight Latter-day Eating Ass.
Or whatever the hell was.
They're big on eating ass on Channel 10.
That's all I can tell you.
They're the only states in the history that I know of.
The only TV states in America that's ever run a piece on their newscast
where they were talking about eating ass.
Am I correct about that?
Yes, I think so.
Absolutely correct.
So what's wrong with that?
They should start having billboards.
Okay, get a hell of a lot of attention.
They ought to be commended.
Yeah, and they weren't about the fact that we were running promos
in other day parts.
So talking about Channel 10,
eating ass with Dwight Latter-day,
or whatever the hell it was.
And so our little girl program director pulled the promos off here.
We don't care about that.
I'm not going to make a big issue out of that.
Who cares?
Do we care?
No.
Of course not.
Butch up a little bit in their sweetheart.
Who cares?
How did he find out?
Greg, he found out.
He found out.
Greg, he found out all that.
Like I said, I mean, there's no spots out of the log.
We got a guy named Depression going on.
Our sales manager, that bitch he's running around
telling the salespeople that our show,
we have Noah Veil's here on the show.
Hey, listen, no sweat off our ass.
We could pay.
Those people will enjoy this show.
We got good news for it.
No commercials anymore on this program.
There you go.
That's what you've been hoping for.
Sure.
Who don't want all those pain in the ass interruptions anyway?
God.
So a guy packed me a thing yesterday.
And I know I get a lot of this stuff on the faxes
and the thing with the stock market.
I know.
I know.
Not too many people want to hear about it.
It's very depressing.
But I just mentioned this in passing,
especially since I called my close best personal friend,
Mitchel Shes today.
And I remember that I heard all these listed right now.
Here at some of the show yesterday, I'm glad.
I'm glad he heard me rip in the ass because I do it every day
and he deserves it.
So somebody faxes me this thing and it's from the Wall Street Journal.
Raymond James was the top picker of stocks in the fourth quarter.
And it's got a chart here, a 15 brokerage houses.
And it says brokerage houses stock picking prowess.
And it lists them in order of who did the best over the past the last quarter of last year.
This is ending December 31st, 2000.
And over the last one year and five years.
Raymond James is the best.
Guess who is by far?
By far the worst.
Over the last quarter, over the last year and last five years.
First union securities.
That sounds like my good close friend, Mitchel.
Yeah.
Last quarter down 33.7%.
One year down 38.3%.
Five year performance, 27.4.
The average, the S&P index in the last five years is up up 132%.
And you look at Raymond James in those five years,
they made 176.3% for their clients.
Mirror Lynch, 134%.
Goldman Sachs, 175%.
Morgan Stanley, Dean with 118% and on and on it goes.
The next worst was a Solomon Smith Barney.
Only 62.1% but first union securities, 0.7.4%.
Over five years.
That's squat.
That's direct.
That's cracky.
Is what that is.
So thanks again, Rimmer, for hooking me up with the,
oh my god.
Oh, and then I got to tell the rumors through about the psychic.
This will show you just how, see I'm not embarrassed.
I mean, there are a lot of you who are stupid.
I'm stupid too.
That's why they love the show.
Because we can all be stupid together.
That's why it works out.
I'm a moron.
I'm like, come to money.
I know nothing.
I make all bad decisions.
And I take, I get hyped into what,
this first union securities in matured by a guy,
who listens to advice from a psychic.
He and his wife are that, after knowing them all these years,
I find out yesterday they get on the phone and they talk to psychics.
And Rimmer's wife, Ferrell says to me,
oh Jeff, who's on the phone?
He was on the sofa crying.
He was in tears because the psychic really knew his stuff.
He was talking about his father who's been dead for years.
That nobody could possibly know.
Him, you mean it wasn't Cleo?
And you know something?
And I'm thinking to myself,
I'm sitting on my couch and I'm in tears.
And I didn't even talk to the psychic.
Because now I realize that I've been taking financial advice
from crazy people, my good close personal friends,
who are nice people, but a little bit crazy.
And this psychic told her that the,
the Nasdaq's going to go down to 1700 and then it's going to go
where everything's going to start going back up again,
about that, but he, but he, but he, but he, but he, but he, but yeah.
See, I wish they would have told me about the psychic first
because I think he'd have been a lot better for me than the matured.
Yeah.
First union securities, I'm dealing with a bottom feeder here.
I'm on the bottom of the barrel there.
Their best stock pick of the last year was Qualcomm made 15.4%.
Everybody else's got 40%, 48% stocks that went up 50%.
Yada, yada, yada.
And every line across, this is from the Wall Street Journal.
This isn't some propaganda that somebody made up there.
It's trying to pedal me something.
How do you like that?
The absolute positive worst, five year performance, 27.4%.
You could do that in money market funds just about.
Five percent a year times five sounds like 25% to me, right?
In money market, but no risk.
None. No risk, no headaches, no diarrhea, no hemorrhoids,
no crazy phone calls, no, you know like that.
See, it's one thing to be a smooth talker and a good,
the BS in our snake oil salesman, but sort of thing.
People are looking for results.
People are looking for answers.
People are looking for guidance.
People are looking to be held by the hand by somebody
who knows what they're talking about.
Not just to be sold snake oil and some Arab chic.
On the story on the Arab chic was with the Xerox thing.
He didn't buy a trillion shares.
He bought one share and made a trillion copies on the Xerox machines.
No, I just made that up.
In fact, that would have been good because if he would have made that many copies,
it would have helped that Xerox talk go up so he didn't do it.
Yeah, but the psychic said,
yeah, that's going to be our new song now instead of the Gypsy cried by Lucristi,
the psychic said, I can just give Boca Brian to them already.
Yeah.
Yeah, Critio, the psychic said,
I can hear you now.
Can you learn it already?
Bye, I, I.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
I'm surrounded by crazy people.
And more and more, I feel like you know, like sitting in the corner going,
boom, boom, boom, boom, like that.
Just like that, boom, boom, boom, yeah.
Wow.
So let's just keep it a secret.
Don't let Neil find out whatever's going on internally here because then he'll go on the
other big mouth and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, I like that and channel tends upset because
they're eating ass or whatever.
Go out and sell some spots.
All your sales people and as far as the program direct is concerned,
just keep a lid on it, okay?
Quit being a little girl.
We got enough little girls on the year already.
We got last, last time going to the track.
First I see the dog, it killed her on sunrise, boulevard, then even a worse,
a worse disaster.
I'm hearing at the trio, we got at six o'clock.
We had Clarence Stugots and Mark Eisenberg on there.
Wow.
Bad high school radio.
What is the deal with Stugots?
Has he got naked pictures?
I think he's got naked pictures of Hank and Duff.
Now, seriously, what is that all about?
What is the big tennis with him?
He's a nice guy.
He's a good guy.
I really like weener, but the people who are on the year,
he talks sports.
But the voice, the sound, he's like gruesome sound, he's like Igor.
He's got that sound.
I like it.
That's my favorite part about it.
Anyway, so I haven't had to attend at 560 WQM.
It's going to be a great day today.
I'm loose as I made a great comeback at Poppano Park last night.
Oh, there's our little girl program director.
But me the check.
I always like that stuff.
He's the best.
He is my favorite little girl.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Thanks, Mary.
I mean, Duff.
Just relax.
Okay.
Who cares if Channel 10 is programming?
That's less work for you and your assistant there.
Okay.
Let them program the station.
He's laughing.
He's picking on me.
He's picking on me.
Look at this.
Here's my talent check.
Came into the unexpected.
Okay.
I can leave now.
Oh, yeah.
Now I only need to set up another 40 or 50 of these.
Just like that.
And I make up that money.
That my good friend at first union securities is losing my ass.
By the way, thank you profusely.
Whoever sent me this thing from all of us be journal.
Yesterday I was sitting here.
I never really looked into that closely.
15 firms on there.
And I, of course, am with the worst one in the universe.
The one that's performing so poorly
that it's an embarrassment.
It's humiliating.
Yeah.
Rumor must have found,
forget about the fact that Mitch Hersh is neighbor.
Must have found him through that psychic is what happened.
Yeah.
That's probably what it was.
God.
And wait this vlog is today.
It's a good thing this bonus check came in.
Becoming this talent check because so boy things are going to start getting.
It's going to start getting really strange around here.
You think it was strange before?
Now that we're in a goddamn full blown depression
and the world is coming to an end as we knew it.
And Bush, boy, they're off to a good start with us.
And the administration, the Navy.
With a submarine and not a little accident over there in Kuwait.
Oops.
La Bomba.
Oh, sorry.
We're killing our own people again.
Wasn't a target.
And then of course the, you know, the markets wanted.
Boots, boots, boots.
And you got in there now like we're in a free fall.
And they're on there going.
Consideration.
Yeah, like that.
I like that.
I like that.
Hey, listen, there's no sense in getting all worked up and who's sweat about it.
I mean, I'm what can you do?
You know, just be philosophical.
Make sure it needs my business, you know.
He needs somebody talking about him on the air.
I like the publicity.
He's a publicity house.
That's a poor question.
Would you rather be a publicity house or a brownie house?
10, 15, at 5, 60 WQM.
How'd that pull Kamala yesterday?
Before we get to that, thanks to our friends at Planned Parenthood for this very
a nice award.
The Maggie Media Award.
It's kind of light though, isn't it?
It's appropriate.
Huh?
Not sure if they wouldn't think it'd be like a little, it's like a paperweight.
Planned Parenthood in recognition of your courage and excellence in covering
reproductive rights, health, care, and critical issues.
The award is the Maggie Media Award March 2001.
Oh!
Thanks.
So how was lunch?
It was kind of like the award.
Kind of light.
Yes.
Very light.
Kind of like some of the people in the organization.
Light.
But still.
But it was very nice.
In retrospect, I'm sure it was better than being here.
And the old ladies were oogling the gallon.
We're looking to get a little bit of the older and they're looking at,
touching it, looking at, fondling it.
Jones and for it.
I can relate.
So anyway, now he's all right.
He's a nice kid.
It's all I can tell you.
Had him in my bedroom.
Anyway, so here's that pull from yesterday.
He once, he was in my bedroom, very pretty.
On my head.
On my car.
Oh!
How was it?
1070 votes yesterday.
This is the kind of stuff that gets to the bloodborne.
These usually are very, very lethargic people out there.
This is the kind of pull they like.
They're on it.
Although I hear a lot of these probably were bogus because it just seems like an awful lot of
votes to me for a week.
They pull 1073 and they're still pouring in there.
But not necessarily because when you listen to the choices, you'll know
this is the kind of fodder that they can sink their teeth into here in San Florida.
It's that.
Yeah.
So, and before I give you the results of the poll, let me say this to you.
Because we've done this before, awarded differently.
And also we did it by ethnic background.
And there's a big difference here because a lot of the people, a lot of these so-called
anglos who will voted for the eluding choice here, what the stird is the most about life in San
Florida.
A lot of them really aren't saying what the choice is.
It's not just that they are disturbed by people who won't speak English.
They don't like Hispanics.
They hate them like poison.
So you see, that's when they find out that a lot of Hispanics and Cubans also voted
for the same thing, which we've broken that down.
Then it's like they don't know what to do.
They kind of like go like, they don't know what to do.
Which of these disturbs you the most about San Florida?
People who can't or won't speak English.
Out of a thousand and seventy three, four hundred and thirteen, thirty eight point four
percent winning an orange line.
How many people are no speaker in English, baby?
Old people, two hundred and five.
Nineteen point one percent.
That's what I voted for.
Old people.
Nasty, disgusting, miserable, rotten,
toe jam, cheese infested, old people, blue hairs, gray hairs, white hairs.
The last few days I'm telling you, I've been passing people, I do mean passing them with
some desperate to get around them on the road who are definitely dead.
There was a guy on Sunrise over the weekend.
This guy had to be two hundred years old, easy.
And he was moving maybe three miles an hour, but luckily in the white handling.
Nice go on pop, stay in the way.
Stay on the grass will be good.
Stay on the wicked weeds.
And then yesterday I'm getting off the turnpike on the 595 ramp there.
And here's a guy that's got everybody backed up.
I mean he's going maybe 15 miles an hour.
It's one thing to slow down when you're making that big curve.
There I understand, but slowing down like you're in a school zone,
like maybe 10, 15 miles an hour, maybe just a little bit to conservative driving for most of us.
And as I get around him, I take a look at this guy.
He's got like a one of those big wide rimmed hats on.
Had to be at least three hundred years old.
Looks like Methusel is brother-in-law.
I mean I'm glad that we have so many people who live, you know,
the longevity rate is, of course you got to understand when they came here,
most of them were 90 anyway.
So it kind of skews upward.
Some glad for them, but get him off the road.
Get those assholes off the road.
Anyway, or people at 206, the driver's 180 and there's certainly isn't overlap
between those two categories, like some people said.
Crafty schools only 161 or 14.9 percent are that bothers them the most.
And crime, now we don't care about that.
114 only.
10.6 percent are most disturbed about the crime here in South Florida.
Nobody to give me a look like that for.
I just thought that would have been much higher.
I certainly care more about the crime than the old people.
It's the last one on the list.
I realize we have a list of five choices.
It was way in the rear, way in the middle of the back of the list.
Not even close.
10.6 percent.
As compared to the nearly 40 percent of people are psychotic over the
people who can't or won't speak English.
So people would rather be mugged than here, a foreign language.
Yes.
And if they're going to be mugged, they want to be mugged in English, please.
Let's mug them in English.
Look at these phones this morning.
Like I said, pick a good choice not to be in the ass.
The phone is all screwed up.
We have some serious techno phone.
Poor beast.
Beast got a good lunch though.
That's all he cared about.
He got fed nice lunch by a bad over Tony's.
5.670560.
Here's our poll for today since we're doing South Florida stuff.
We ought to do a poll on which is the worst the stock brokerage house,
but I already have the answer for that.
Well, this is just the Knox-Mysakra.
I mean, it's one thing to know that you're stupid and that you're losing your ass,
at least on paper or whatever, and that you're not getting any guidance.
And you're just getting a lot of double-pock and the same old stuff
you can put on a cassette recording.
But then you look at the results here.
You know, people who want the slogan to cliches and double-pock,
they want results, baby.
Am I getting results?
Or am I getting results all right?
I'm taking it right up the old record all the way to my naval.
Here's our survey today.
Which of the areas in South Florida is the most plastic?
And please put the word plastic and capital letters on there.
Or plastic.
Plastic.
Not spastic.
Plastic.
Now, I got three choices on here.
I'm sure you can help me out with this.
Coral Springs.
South Beach.
Or coconut grove.
Oh, I know another one.
Coral Gables.
Okay?
We can't have ducks and boats and anything.
A lot of very plastic people there.
If you don't understand the question I need to explain it to you,
then bug off.
Don't mess with our poll.
If you don't understand plastic.
Now, that's kind of a tough,
to me, it's a tough choice between the first two.
Coral Springs and South Beach.
Which of these areas in South Florida is the most plastic?
Coral Springs, South Beach, coconut grove,
or Coral Gables?
Am I leaving anything out?
I'm thinking.
Yeah.
Like western or any places like that?
Western?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Western's newty, but because you can't do anything there.
You can't smoke, you can't scratch your ass, you can't, you know,
can't do anything.
And if you're a guy,
you don't have a lot of blood in there,
because if you're a guy, you can't act like a little girl in western either.
No, they have an ordinance for that.
So I keep him out of western.
But not because that you think about all the other,
the 8500 other municipalities we have, like, you know,
like plantation where I live is certainly not plastic.
It's like, I don't know, kind of like non-descript.
Sunrise is not plastic, it's old.
We got a lot of those, tamarax, surfside, old.
How about Boka?
So I don't know that much about Boka.
It's very plastic.
I haven't been in the Boka South Florida.
The Boka South Florida is like Palm Beach,
they have certainly, but I need to draw you a diagram.
The last time I checked Boka is in South Florida.
Yeah.
If you're going to put Boka,
yeah, you need to put West Palm Beach.
No.
No.
Palm Beach.
What about West Palm?
So you don't run off and about Palm Beach.
West Palm Beach is not.
West Palm Beach is in plastic.
West Palm is like old people in rednecks and shfartses.
There's no, but Palm Beach.
Now, I'm not putting Palm Beach on there.
Because Palm Beach actually has like a lot of very wealthy people.
They may be assholes like, you know,
the Kennedies and SD-Lowter knows people, but.
When I'm not talking, there's a difference.
Plastic.
Don't you understand that difference between
Philcy rich,
don't you think they're going to wait with it?
Philcy rich and plastic is a big difference there.
Shombie rich is filthy rich.
Snob's yes, but plastic, no.
You wouldn't say the Kennedies are plastic.
You'd say that they're spastic,
that they're grotesque and irresponsible,
and a lot more than what everyone else
and rapist, but nevertheless,
you wouldn't drink, but you wouldn't say that they're plastic.
No.
Because they're a great American family.
The Kennedies.
Yeah, Palm Beach.
It's not not on a list here.
So here's the final.
At least I think it's the final.
That's a five-good place is there.
Crossbrings,
Sound Beach,
Coconut Grove,
Crowgables and Mocha.
Yeah.
Pretty good list there if you ask me.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
They've been there for a long time.
Don't want to speak.
Okay.
Give me your chance.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
How you doing?
How you doing?
Okay.
I don't know if you saw 60 minutes,
but they had a story on these brokerage houses.
And most of them are also investment tankers.
Yeah.
That's why they're pushing most of these stocks.
Because they have a vested interest in them.
Yeah, I saw that.
I really know that.
None of them will say,
say, on a stock.
The little code word is hold.
When you hear one of them say,
hold on a stock,
you better run,
get your ass and sell it.
Yeah.
Because if they say,
hold,
that means that's not going down the tube.
Look at Priceline.com.
Same thing happened with that.
They never said sell on it.
Yeah.
They only said hold.
Hold on.
And then,
what will hold it?
Really got it.
And uh,
and uh,
pick up a butt too.
Hold, hold, hold.
Take it easy, sir.
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
Anybody know what he said?
No.
No, he said they're all bunch of creeps.
I think is what he said.
He said that.
56070560,
pound 560 on the AT&T
in Verizon Wireless Line.
What are we going to do about that Joe Pavey Jr., huh?
On the one hand,
little boy.
Nice.
We're turning over Japanese returning over Japanese
with the things of
we're turning over Japanese returning over
Japanese with the things of
we're turning over Japanese returning over
Japanese with the things of
being
with changing over Japanese returning over
Japanese with the things of
10.29 at 5.60 we're bombing our own
people over there.
and Kuwait we're doing a hell of a job.
Nice going there, Bushman.
Yeah.
Somebody get out a diaphragm and show him where the hell it's at.
So the guy's actually coming tomorrow with a steak and shake food.
So let me forget, I got to bring in those penguin tickets
in that parking pass.
For this guy who's one of our listeners who's just
dying for those panther penguin tickets for Friday night.
So he's bringing a steak and shake for me and George tomorrow.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Aineah Hayado.
OK, sir.
I'm not one of these people who are
offended by bilingualism, but yesterday a very troublesome thing
happened.
Mom went to pick up her prescriptions.
You've 82 years old.
Oh my god.
Yeah, right.
All the information on it don't take with water or whatever
it is, all Spanish labels.
My mother's been using this drug for years and years and years.
Where it comes up with this, I have no idea what part of town
of this?
Pemberpines.
Oh, well, forget about that.
And it's not even a very flat area.
Sure, does Pemberpines?
Yeah.
It's becoming.
It's becoming.
Yeah.
But I mean, that's it's terrifying.
If she wasn't smart enough, it's like, well, why would they do that?
What's the excuse?
They said we made a mistake with sorry.
But I mean, it's just terrifying.
It just doesn't make any sense.
They said we'll say that first option.
Silly stuff.
That can't happen.
Not in America, but again, we don't live in America.
There you go.
Thanks for the good news.
Take two in college in the morning.
How do you like that?
Lose your until we'll never happen again.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and provides a wireless line.
See, actually, we can talk about this every day for the next three years, anyway.
Sure.
People don't want to speak English.
Everybody's whipped up to a friend.
These are going to change.
No.
Can we do anything about?
No.
But they're just very angry about that.
They're just offended by that.
They're psychotic about it.
They don't care about crappy school.
They certainly don't care about crime.
They're just pissed off that you won't speak it to God.
They're in English.
They don't want to pick it upon you.
Don't you get it?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Here's the story.
I used to live in Miami.
The crime rate used to be much higher.
So maybe people were reflecting on the fact that crime rates not what it used to be.
I had an interesting experience this morning.
I thought I would relate to you.
I only spent a night or two down here a week now.
Thank God.
But anyway, I'm in Burger King having a hand-made and cheese croissant which you know
about.
And these three forces, as you would say, come in behind me.
And they have official looking uniforms on.
I'm wasn't sure exactly what branch of the government they were with.
But this one big guy asks, when do you start serving whoppers?
And he says, the other lady behind the counter says at 10 o'clock.
He says, well, that's 45 minutes.
I'll just wait.
45 minutes for his whopper.
He's on the dole.
Yeah.
Paddle.
And 915 is going to wait 45 minutes for a whopper.
Yeah.
Well, let me ask you this.
Why are you concerned about that?
In other words, I'm missing something here.
This seems to me like number one, the heck of a waste of time.
Well, what is his function?
What did he do?
What did it say on the jacks?
It didn't.
I mean, his uniform was the other two had like American flags on.
Well, how do you know they were working?
How do you know it was like doing working hours?
Well, their uniforms were fairly crisp.
Yeah.
They had starch and then they were...
What is happening?
Maybe they still working like 11 o'clock in the morning.
How do you even know what they do?
Maybe so.
Well, we said they're working.
I just said the thing like a hell of a waste of time to me.
It's like this call, right?
Can you believe that?
And I mean, this definitely is the most boring place on the face of the earth.
I mean, that's really stretching it.
That this guy is so lifeless that he's worried he's taking note of the fact that they're
going to wait.
If they want to wait two hours for a goddamn walk or that's their business, ain't it?
Maybe they're sitting in their...
They're investigating.
Maybe they're like undercover.
Maybe they're nuts.
Maybe they're the meat police.
Who the hell?
Maybe they're looking for a fruct and mouth, hoof and mouth, mad cow.
Who knows what they're doing?
Get a life and stop being a yento, okay?
He's in the right place.
Jesus Christ.
I mean, man, if I go in a burger king, God forbid because the meat there's like rubber.
But if I did, I'm not going to be sitting there worrying about what they're all everybody
else is doing, timing how long you're sitting and waiting.
What is wrong with some of you people out there beside the fact that you live here?
And this guy's talking about he only is here a couple of days.
Thank God.
Thank the Lord.
Hallelujah.
Thank the Lord for the night time.
We don't have to do one more break this, I guess.
We can like, we don't need to do any breaks.
Let's just skip them.
They're all tradeouts anyway.
And then the water Nazi did threaten to kill those puppies, by the way.
So the fact that she's got her puppy, huh?
That was a true story.
I was having to verify.
Oh, don't tell me.
Oh, don't tell them.
Oh, how do you find out?
Oh, Greg, it's a story.
It's a city found out.
Seriously, I've never worked in such a juvenile place in all my life.
These people are like a bunch of kindergarten kids here.
Little kids in a sandbox with a pale in shovel.
Oh, Greg, it's a fight.
It's a fight.
5.670560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
First union securities.
Nice going, Mitch, right there.
Wait, not just in the bottom of the list, but wait down at the bottom.
I mean, not like even in a ball game, not in the ball game.
Better call that psyche pack where we're getting some new names, OK?
I think you must add a bad connection.
No wonder he's in tears on the sofa.
You want to know why he's in tears on the sofa?
Ask Jeez.
He'll tell you.
Here's the mobile in Pember Pine.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
It's David.
How are you?
OK, David.
Hey, I just want to let you know.
I've got a notice in the mail that we're renaming Pember Pine
in higherly north.
Yeah.
You're moving up, Neil.
Yeah, it's a crazy place.
Nobody speaks English here anymore.
Yeah, it used to be a great place.
I don't know.
Pember Pine was never a great place.
I lived in Pember Ponds.
It was a great place.
It was OK.
Yeah, it was a very village.
You're right.
Huh, yeah.
A lot of old people.
Then when they built cemetery village, lots, lots more old people.
A lot of speed traps, a lot of radar there on Taft and Hyatus.
I'd get that a lot of there if I were you.
I am.
Now we have a language barrier.
OK, good luck, you see.
There you go.
Language barrier.
No say I'll be able to English.
I keep.
Bap, bap, bap, bap.
They love this.
They can relate to it.
That's their whole life.
It circulates around it.
And you ought to be glad.
You ought to be thankful for those people who are not speaking English.
Because otherwise, just like this guy,
this guy ought to be ecstatic.
The Burger King guy that those as far as he's
more sitting and waiting 45 minutes for a walker.
What else would he be talking about?
What else would he have for a life?
That gave him a whole life there.
The fact that three schwarters who obviously
are on the government door or whatever he said or a dual pineapple,
whatever they're on, they're sitting on it,
they were waiting 45 minutes for their walker.
Oh, that's my paperweight.
That's my plan for a hundred paperweight.
Makes him a good sound if I like that.
I'm going to go down to Power 96 and start banging on the walls
down there with him just to get even with those bastards.
Mobile in marathon.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Happy 25th.
Thanks.
I want to give you the most plastic,
town and South Florida there is.
Yes, sir.
But you walk a look.
OK.
Hillsboro Beach.
It's one mile.
Listen, they got more walls than Hillsboro Beach.
Really?
If you have the wrong color color going down A1A,
you can stop in question.
Really?
It's an absolute unbelievable full of new vei rich.
But how many people live in the Hillsboro Beach?
About 800?
1800?
Yes.
And plus they get snow birds and some of the high rises.
And they're all lost wannabes.
But I think it deserves your consideration.
OK, well put it in a bit.
Put it in a bit.
Thank you.
Yes, sir.
Again, get a lot of it.
Are we putting it on the list?
No.
1800 people is just not enough people.
And do you know anything about Hillsboro Beach?
Nobody knows from Hillsboro Beach.
I mean, there are a lot of people
keep calling about Aventura.
No.
We didn't say old.
We said plastic.
Not old.
I know there are plastic people in Aventura.
But when I think of Aventura, I think of old.
I think of the Aventura mall with all due respect.
Oh, gee, Brian and sales got to get up.
So we probably got some clients in there
like our friends in New Balance, which we love.
But I mean, you know, they can't help it.
Boy, our sales department's getting real nervous these days.
I think it's nervous.
I can understand why we got no spots.
And our sales manager, that crazy bitch,
she's running around telling them, oh, there's no avails.
Yeah.
OK.
Whatever you say, honey, last she's busy with raw.
And then anybody rhymes with raw.
Yeah, she likes the sound of that.
She likes the big sound.
That sucking sound.
And I guess they do, too.
Yeah, this is quite a place.
You know what I say?
You know what I say?
I feel different.
I mean, just like the thing with a stock.
I mean, yesterday I called up mature.
She was upset.
I was upset.
He's pissed off.
I'm ripping him on here.
He deserves it.
He's clueless.
He's, you know, he's business guy.
He's trying to make a living, OK?
He's trying to make a living.
He's killing me.
He's trying to make a living.
So what's the point?
You know, I'll just find somebody else.
Let's switch it over.
And that's it.
I gave this guy a year.
He gave me, oh, it's only three months.
It's only six months.
So what's your my life?
I understand that.
Bad timing, OK?
But I'm looking at these statistics here.
And they prove to me beyond a shadow of a pile.
I'll buy a pile.
That you're crap.
Your results are just not what I'd be looking for.
So thanks again, Rimmer.
Stick to the hockey, like I said.
Go ask JD some questions.
Maybe he's got the answers.
Here's a mobile on Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Good morning.
How are you?
I'm great.
How are you, sir?
Well, I'm pretty good.
That other guy, one of your collars stole my thunder.
But yeah, Pember of Pines is extremely loud now.
Right.
That's what I tried to tell that first car.
There's nobody speaks English.
There are any more Pember of Pines?
You go into a publics out there,
and there's a signage and bilingual signage.
And some of the guys don't speak English.
Yeah.
Like, by the end of the day.
Why does that bother people?
Well, I don't know.
I really don't know.
You wouldn't bother me at all.
I speak Spanish, but I mean.
It only bothers me if I go like to Miami International Airport.
And I go through the thing that they want me to look in my bag.
You know, I have to go through the metal detector.
And they start speaking to me in Spanish first.
I do.
I'm disturbed by that.
That's the only thing I can counter it.
But other than that, I don't really pay any attention.
And in addition to which I live in Broward,
I don't live in Pember of Pines.
And I don't frequent places where they don't speak to me in English.
And if they did that, I would just go someplace else if I was disturbed by it.
And then that other guy called about the guys that were ordering a wopper.
Yeah.
What's his problem?
No life.
No life.
He thought about that from yesterday.
Yeah.
So I like that.
Thank God he only comes here twice a week.
I have no life.
That was what he's trying to say.
I have no life.
OK, good luck to that guy.
Have a great day.
Thank you, everybody.
You know, like in Toronto on Young Street, there's...
I don't know if they have those anymore up there.
I hope they do.
The Italian sausage.
They have little stands on there.
Like every other street corner in Young Street, downtown.
There are vendors out there where there are grills and aholdy else.
So Italian sausage and Polish sausage and whatever.
So they're weenies.
And there's one which was always my favorite.
And they happen to be...
They're not Cuban.
They're like some Hispanic I don't know where they're from.
I think Argentina.
And they speak English, broken English.
And they're a very nice family.
And they can cook up your sausage or whatever.
You know, much as crossy as whatever they'll speak like English and Spanish.
It's fine.
Doesn't bother me.
Huh?
I mean, if there were Chinese families speaking in Chinese, I certainly would have some
diffugally.
You know, if there were like a Dutch family speaking in Dutch, I'd say, I'll still believe
Toteens do it in a good way because I know what you're talking about, you know.
But it seems to me that just a lot of people down here want to make a big sentence about
this.
And they drive on it.
They just...
They live for it.
In fact, that's probably a good idea since we have so much spirit time and it's so boring
here.
That should be a new use resolution, even though it's already March, is learn some
foreign language like Swahili anything.
And then just go and speak it everywhere just to piss everybody off.
Works like a charm.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Oh, yeah.
Neil.
Hi.
How are you doing?
I'm doing well.
I wanted to also put in for adventurer as a plastic place.
No.
You know why?
You know why?
I just lived there for a couple years and I found it to be there's more speed traps there
than any other city in South Florida.
I do.
But the speed traps in Pembroke lakes but that doesn't make it a plastic place.
I mean, old Jews is what I have in tourism all about.
Old Jews.
Yeah, that's true too.
Isn't it?
Yeah, absolutely.
Well, how could old Jews be plastic?
Well, you know, anybody can be plastic, I think.
But I mean, yeah, just more speed traps per square inch there than any other city, I
think.
But also, I wanted to let you know, I worked in Spain for quite a bit of time.
And when I went over there, I hardly spoke any Spanish.
But when I was working there, I had a supervisor.
It followed me around and said to me, you know, speak Spanish only.
I'll bless.
But you know, still lament only the whole time.
And you know, here you just don't find anyone pushing anyone to speak English.
So, Fanto italiano.
Yeah.
See.
So, I just want to get your comment on that.
And I think they're also building a little tunnel toward Cuba.
I'm fascinated.
I'm delighted by the fact that there's so many people upset over, you know, hearing some
of the language.
I find it amusing.
I do.
I find it very amusing.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, take care.
And have a great day, pal.
I mean, if they look at, I don't cure languages.
Speak with other why, dear.
I don't know.
See your laugh.
And that's true.
Like the bag boys in my public, they all speak English.
But if they spoke Spanish, they were speaking like a Greek.
What's all the why, if they look good and they're friendly, hey, you know, just like my
friend Joshua, but it's taken shape.
See now, there you go again.
Why did that guy have to, you know, open up a mouth like that?
I mean, I'm glad he's going to bring us the lunch tomorrow.
But why is he got to like, say these things, you know, make the kid all paranoid and nervous?
Put them on the defensive, put them on guard, answer.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I don't cure inside anyway.
I just do it through the drive through.
I take a peak like in.
And like I said, the other day, like char-hots, another one where it takes a long time because
they cook each one first on a grill.
So of course, there's nobody who looks good at char-hots that I've ever seen.
But steak and shake, and you sit there and it takes a little extra time.
You're looking inside and maybe there's somebody in there like looking at you know, staring
at while you're watching the meat cook, watching that meat heat up, you know.
What's wrong with that?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
In fact, all you people with those fast food joints, that's a little tip for you.
Put your good looking people if you have any out there by the drive through window.
Front load.
Absolutely.
Front loaded, you know.
Squared, squirt.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Good morning, now.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
That guy from my Burger King sounded like he had a way behind him for 45 minutes.
What does he care?
I have no idea.
This guy has got to be, he's probably only here two days a week.
The other five days, he's out searching for a life.
Yeah, hopefully when he eats there, he gets that equal life.
Anyway, so.
There you go.
I'm not prejudiced.
I'm married to a Latin girl.
Was brought turns in America.
I'm pure American, whatever you want to call it.
Married to a Latin girl, lover of the married 13 years.
The only thing that irritates me is that now they're starting to do all packaging, you
know, side American, the other side Latin.
I mean, if they're going to spend for one country, why don't they print it on like to
top the bottom and print in Chinese?
Do you know what I mean?
No.
I mean, why do they have to ban?
I mean, you know, most of it has a picture on it anyway, so you should be able to tell
what's in it.
Like I just saw a package of light bulbs.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
You know, I have the apartment in Amsterdam.
I'm there 15 weeks a year and I have a supermarket about two blocks away, block on a half.
And it's a little bit difficult because none of the, almost none of the items in there
have anything in English on them.
That's all written and done.
Right.
Because they're hungry.
If you hungry, because that's their language.
Right.
So most people speaking English, the stuff in there is all written up in Dutch.
So if you buy something, you're not exactly sure what it is.
Maybe you'll take it back to the department and surprise.
It's, you know, you thought you were buying like ground steak and it turns out it's a condom
right?
Yeah, that's some saying.
It's like, yeah, okay, don't turn my mother-law.
She's been here for 35 years.
But you know something.
When I go into the supermarket, they're an Amsterdam.
I know, oh my God, how come it's not here?
It's just, it's not something that affects my life.
It's not something I waste any energy getting aggravated about.
It's a little bit confusing, but you start learning a little bit.
You'll look at, like you said, the picture.
What's a big deal, huh?
Correct.
Who cares?
Happy 25th anniversary.
This should be our biggest problem.
And thank you so much.
Well, I got some good news for you.
Some great news.
The travel channel of all channels.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you've already discovered each week.
They've got America's greatest water parks.
Deach week, and then they've got a bathing suit thing.
Would you really like it?
Yeah.
The travel channel.
What is that on the, do we know on a satellite?
I know what it is on the cable, I'm not on the satellite.
Well, I have to dittle around.
It's Judge Watner.
But yeah, I was a good-to-past.
I was a channel server.
Because once in a while the travel channel will have like a real travel show.
Which I'll enjoy watching, if there's anything that's not interesting in place.
And last week or so, I've been discovering.
They had other one channel that's picked up on what we've been talking about for years.
Put some good-looking naked people on there and they will come.
And people will walk on.
There's nothing on right now during the day.
They save all that for the evening.
Oh, evening and weekend?
Yeah.
When horny people are home.
Right.
Great.
I guess we better do a break here.
We don't have a lot of business.
We have a lot of spots.
Most of the spots you'll hear today are tradeouts, by the way, for some of our fine friends.
Who supplies with like free food and meals and services and meal condoms.
This is 5.60 p.m.
You have no penis.
Time I always will remember.
Watching that first day watch episode.
All right.
Still running along the beach.
We're bouncing up and down together.
About some music.
Or would I like most of all?
I like the songs and lots of ones in sync.
I like the songs that show me everything.
I like the songs that show I lots of see high.
I like the songs I like the songs.
And the time I learn your song gets so work out.
This got your two cheeks to a bone.
Oh yes, I say watch me make cushions up my lever.
More an amen, what a sight to be home.
I like the songs and lots of ones in sync.
I like the songs that show me everything.
I like the songs that show I lots of behind.
That's 5.705, 6.53.
Whatever it is, it's almost loving it.
I like the songs that show me everything.
I like the songs that show me everything.
I like the songs that show me everything.
I like the songs that show me everything.
I like the songs that show me everything.
QAing hasn't paid for itself and Shawn Henry and we have, aflame, and all these things.
We have a show back on Skylon.
75 votes are so far which of these areas of South Road?
Perfect.
which Eric has got in bold and underlined and the et cetera.
Plastic. Understand, Plastic? No, come on.
75 votes. South Beach 32, Volca 28.
That's a tough contest. That's Nippin' Tuck knows to knows.
Down the stretch, they come. Here they are. Hit them again, Brad.
A cruel game will six, cross-springs five, cooking to grow four.
I mean, we could put Aventure on there, but what's the point?
Is Aventure gonna... No.
Now, Aventure is old Jews. Old Jews with money, you know, but not Plastic.
Not Plastic. Maybe they're Mizzuz's Plastic on the Dört frame.
South Beach and Volca, that's the battle.
That's, I guess, what you'd expect, wouldn't be.
Although you're the one that put Volca in there. How did I forget about that?
Cross-springs is doing nearly as well as I thought it would. Only five.
Cross-springs has too many other things going for you.
You know, the gangs, punks, punks, wild punks, loosen the streets,
the fascist principal over there at Teravilla High, all of these things.
Here's at least once upon a time. Maybe the current principal, I don't know who the hell it is.
So you have to qualify that, because then we'll get another phone call.
Oh, they're upset at Teravilla High and Greg will be in water.
How did Neil find out we had to call Greg?
How can you go through it seriously? How can you go through life being such a pussy?
Seriously, he's a good guy. I like him a lot. I really do.
He's such a wimpy guy. He's so wimpy.
You know, just if he grow one little tiny one will be such a good star.
You know?
That's why I wanted you to have to write that out. That's great.
George is a genius. We just came up with a new name for our program director.
Muff! Yeah!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Where's my paper weight? Yeah!
Get off your Muff in this instant.
Yeah, it kind of gives you some of these things like,
yeah, Muff, get off this instant. It's interesting.
Muff! Excellent!
See, George is only back one day here and already he's right on top of it.
Who says they want to hear those stupid tapes?
Greg.
Yeah, he's right.
And those ball games too.
Here's the mobile and fort waterdale. Hello.
Sure part of that talent check with George is pretty good.
How about you, Martin?
Well, that was pretty quick coming up with the Muff thing there.
Yeah, that was great. That was very good.
Yeah.
Neil, imagine the time you could have had if you'd just taken a quarter of the money that you lost in the market and had it out in Vegas, just a blow.
Oh, a quarter?
I'm going to take in like one eighth of what I'm done right now. If I were to take an 11-10 push set of what I'm done now, I could have had a weekend that would never forget.
I could have gone in and also had a chance to win millions probably.
And I'm a huge nearly and I remember way back when you just were railing against this bank and you wouldn't take who it was, but the initials were F-U.
Right.
And that was a different experience altogether. That was a car loan I had to first union in North Carolina.
And the people out there were so illiterate they couldn't spell us. I mean, they had no idea what they were talking about.
And I had the most gut-wrenching experience I ever had in my life.
Well, it just, you know, it's just normal.
They couldn't get my address straightened out to semi-dynam payment book and they were just done or then saw us. And that was our union.
Exactly. Well, I just want to say, Mitchers, keep it up. At this rate, we'll keep you around for another 20 years.
Okay. Have a great day, Bill.
Yeah. I got one thing I want to say to Mitch and closing, BYE BYE BYE!
Yeah. Just don't make any moves with what I got left. Okay. I'll be in touch.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless. I mean, this thing is just devastating.
This thing from the Wall Street urinal. I wish somebody would have shown me this a year ago.
I mean, it would be like if you had your life savings was just, you know, $10,000 just to pick a number.
And somebody came along and peddled you like a mutual fund and said, oh, this is great.
And we're going to make you a lot of money and you put it in, we're going to return you like $12, $15, $18,000.
I mean, you know, whatever they promised you, 20% a year.
And you put your money in there and all of a sudden you noticed the mutual fund was having a tough time and your balance was going down to $10,000, $8,500, $7,000.
And then somebody fired, because they do have those, I have a mutual fund magazine I get that shows the ratings of all the mutual funds in the various categories.
And let's say somebody sent you a sheet like this, like I got on the facts yesterday.
And let's do the 100 mutual funds in that category or whatever you bought, like European fund or whatever.
International fund, value fund.
And you look for yours and it's like number 100 out of 100.
And you would probably say, oh my god, I'm getting screwed.
And I'm looking at this thing right here in front of me and I'm saying to myself, oh, this isn't just bad.
This is humiliating. This is degrading. This is pathetic.
This is a performance so unspeakable that it makes you want to play the ID.
The Neil Rosers Show on 560 WQAMI, Emmy for Lauderdale.
Bye, bye, bye.
Hey, hey, hey, please try to forgive me.
But there you are in your window.
Tell them that they'd be harder.
Or then your mountain just made me think more.
You can say it's a beeping tom that I've become.
I'm afraid you.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Looking back, I just dropped my tongue.
When your body comes on, done.
I'm playing with my parts and my damn is the dark.
Oh yes, they're close.
Our one great world is all ours.
One o'clock at 560 WQAMI got thank-klober show at Fort Lauderdale Stadium this afternoon.
Anybody interested in that? Marlon stuff?
Oh, no.
Her cool hotline at 6 o'clock.
Boogster at 7 o'clock tonight could be ripping Hank.
I'm sure Eddie K. Tendletude night.
We guys clean.
No games tonight.
Panthers and Edminton Oilers who have won nine in a row.
I think it is.
They're out of their smoke in the Oilers.
How does team in league?
So they'll be in town here tomorrow night.
Anybody going to that game?
No.
And then that guy's bringing a steak and shake tomorrow.
Boy, I'm really excited about that.
I will not be eating the buns.
I will be eating the chocolate shake however.
Huh?
Well, you know, if you're going to eat a cup of high-race, eat something that's good.
That tastes good.
Right.
I ordered one.
Not a bun.
Buns are like kaka, you know?
All depending on who's the buns we're talking about.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T Inforizon Wireless Line.
Lots of open lines here right now which is a very perplexing thing to me.
And I highly tell it, highly rated sure like this when we have so many different things going on here today.
So many.
And of course the thing about the people of what's big English.
I know you don't want to call a talk about that because you don't going to ridicule and be little you and you're right.
That's why we put it on the polar and the surveys you can do it anonymously
and express your frustration and anger in the bigotry.
Here's a cutlerage, hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
I just wanted to say thanks.
I listen to you show on the internet.
I don't get it down here in a cutlerage.
Oh, I don't think there are too many people getting it down there.
Yeah, nothing many people speak of English here.
And they show either right.
I just wanted to say thanks for playing up the good show and not giving in to the math I think.
And as opposed to how it's turned show which they do this on the way to work your show is 10 times better.
Okay.
All right.
And have a great day.
All right, bye bye.
Well he's making 100 times more money, but this shows 10 times better.
So it evens itself on.
I'm sure he's not worried about his stock broker.
Oh jeez, this thing is upside down.
You know, Bokeh would be nice if he would mark on a CD.
Well that's right, these are the ones that he couldn't sell.
567-0560, 05-560 on a AT&T.
And for Ryan's Marlotton, 106 votes.
South Beach 48, Bokeh 39.
Those are the only two that's a runaway.
I mean Hillsboro Beach wasn't going to get any votes or Palm Beach.
But these two, they're in a runaway and that's the two horse race.
Lady Mobile in North Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
Hi Mew.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Oh, I want to vote South Beach.
Yeah.
For the most plastic.
Uh huh.
But there's a lot of gays down there too, so you got to consider that also.
Most plastic fags, yeah.
And they go snuff your ass if you walk down there too.
They're going to slap my ass, I don't think so.
Maybe they're going to slap your ass but not mine.
Now you're right, they're probably more likely to slap mine.
You'd be right.
Happy 25th anniversary.
Nice we dart.
Happy 20th anniversary.
Have a happy.
You too.
Happy eyes of March.
So that's just a couple days that we got happy St. Patis Day coming too.
That's all those fags up there, March and that parade and piss off those Irish and New York
those bigoted crusty, ugly Irishmen, huh?
They are ugly, boy, the Irish.
What is that?
What is that all about?
Is that all that booze?
That British Isles thing.
Ah, there's some good looking brits, believe me.
It's totally smile.
No.
Yeah, well, there's actually some brits with teeth that I know that's amazing.
And then they turn 12.
Now seriously, there are a few good looking British guys.
Not too many though, you're right.
They're just, oh, what is it?
That whole British Isles thing and wails and Scotland and they're just something about them, huh?
Our ancestors.
Thank the Lord that we got that mixture in over here that we got a whole bunch of other geeks over here to kind of like inbreed with them.
Because otherwise we, the whole country, we had that 250 million grotesque, ugly, uh, yeah, uh,
smarmy people with bad breath and bad teeth and pasty complexion.
No, and you know that skin, you know the kind of skin it's like, um, probably like booge has, you know what it's orange here.
I don't want to start picking on boo, but he picks on Hank all the time.
So let's pick on boo.
No, not just model, but like skin that feels like, um, paste, you know, like onion skin.
It's just real thin.
No, no, you don't know what I'm talking about.
So you haven't touched as much skin as you think you have.
Not guys.
Well, there you go.
How do I describe it?
You know, guys with orange hair and I can't those, like, what do you call like freckles on the arms?
Like, no, not moves, but like freckled, uh, modeled freckled, uh, and it's their skin is like, uh, ah!
How many of my penis people use this no one to touch them, you know?
No, so what's wrong with that?
Oh, and I got to tell you this.
This, uh, I know it's getting close to lunch.
You will, you will, you will hold on tight when I tell you this.
So with the track last night, I'm losing my ass.
Made a great comeback though.
Wondup losing $2.50.
It's the happiest loss.
Oh, seriously, I mean, I was losing my ass.
Thanks Kevin Wallace.
I'll even say thanks to Terry Kuhr, which I don't say that very often, but nice going to Terry.
I hit a couple of races in Northfield down.
I mean, drivers that haven't been born yet, I was cashed.
All of a sudden I just got hot there.
So anyway, we're sitting there, Derek, in the fat rich in myself.
But you just have a great time up there.
In fact, you know, if they ever close down Pompadopark, I will leave.
I hope they keep it open another three and a half years at least, because if they close that place down, I'm leaving.
That's it for me.
So fat rich, uh, decides it's time to go visit the magic room, do whatever, whatever bodily punk needs to do to get rid of the 80 pounds of food.
He ate last night.
He comes back and sits down, opposite me there at our table.
And I can't help but notice that he is not zip back up his big pantalooning, you know.
Now ordinarily, like I'm an ordinary guy that way, like, you know, 180 or even 200 pounds, it would be, you know, just to be as open zipper and you'd say,
you didn't zip up your pant and they were like, oh, you know, like that.
But here are these six stomachs protruding out.
I wish I could describe it to you know, because I got to know what I snapped and just the zipper was open.
No, all the way open.
All the way open.
All the way open.
All the way open.
All the way open.
All the way open.
All the way open.
And I was not going to say this enormous, perfect.
This enormous, group cluster of puppets is protruding out.
I said rich, you got, oh, yeah, thanks.
And you know, it wasn't a pretty sight.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, the JFK murder conspiracy book by the CIA guy.
Did I drop out first week?
Yes, sir. Thank you.
Have you had a chance to look at it?
No, no.
I'll read it on the plane, like, going vacation.
Well, great. I'll look forward to hearing your comment on it.
Okay.
Good day.
Thank you. Good day.
Thanks, Chris.
See, the name was Chris.
What do I remember?
I got to.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless.
This is good. This format.
I don't like having to take all those interruptions.
In fact, we're going to start doing commercial free here on QAM.
Or their mufflights are not.
So how many breaks does that work, too?
None.
No. None.
We're not doing any more breaks.
We're not doing any more spots.
Just to piss off the water, Nazi.
She got something there, giving me a song to dance with that little dog.
You know, that was terrible.
Like, I hit the dog last night.
I don't know if it was a guy or woman.
And like I said, I'll give him the benefit of that.
But they knew they must have only hit something.
Because I mean, it was, it was, ah, right in front of me, too.
And I don't want to get making it too graphic.
It was even more disgusting than Fat Rich's property.
The car has, the dog is, you know, they missed.
You know, and the car is just smashed to hell out of this thing.
And now I'm avoiding it.
And of course, it's hitting the street.
It's hitting somebody's boulevard.
And I'm seeing this.
I'm seeing it die in front of me.
I'm saying I'm seeing the look on the face
and the whole mangled mess in front of me.
They're on the street.
I had one of those.
On a four lane.
The dog is crossing.
And by the way, the guy, the person who hit it never stopped.
Never slowed down everything.
And play, you know, you can tell in the road if you hit like a paper bag
or if you hit like, you know, a tree limb or something.
But a dog, you know, anything that was moving, you certainly would know.
Never slowed down, never tapped the brake.
Just kept right on going.
They're going to speed off because they don't want the owner to come out.
And then it wasn't a stray or something.
This was somebody's pet.
Oh yeah, believe me.
A cute little dog.
I guess it's pretty in Spanish.
And one second, it's bouncing across.
You know what that happy look like?
They're like little puppies at bouncing across the street.
You know, and like one second.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
And you know what I want to ask?
As a dog lover.
And I know it's a waste of time because I can't change people.
Why do you let your dogs run loose?
Are you crazy people?
Irresponsible.
Crazy obnoxious.
I hate you like poison.
You people who let your schmuck in dogs run loose.
I can't stand it.
Because you know what?
The dogs that run loose, just like they said in Faso, are the dead dogs.
That's right.
Isn't it also illegal?
Yes.
Yes.
Highly illegal.
And of course out there, further west by where I live,
which is not that many blocks west from where this happened.
But you know, like I said, they think they're out in the country
and they got their chickens and their peacocks and their horses.
You know, that's fine.
And of course you never saw anybody walk a cat on a leash.
And you want to know why?
Because even the people that have cats don't deny it.
But I'm telling you right now, because I know this for a fact.
Even the people that have a cat.
In the back of their mind, there's part of them that knows that if their cat is running around and got run over like what I saw yesterday with the dog,
they say, I'll give you one out of shame, you know.
Too bad.
What's for dinner?
But a dog.
You see, you have a different feeling for a dog, hopefully.
So why are you assholes out there letting your dogs run loose?
They are around those people up.
Not the dogs, the owners.
They're around their ass up.
And put them in the pond for about a week.
You know, put them behind bars in the pond.
Throw maybe a little bogey bowl once in a while.
Let them do all their business right on the ground.
You know, kick up their feet to kind of like cover it up with dirt.
Stuff like that.
I hate you people that let your goddamn dogs run loose.
Because like I said, the dogs that run loose are the dead dogs.
The dogs that get hit and killed on sunrise, freaking boulevard.
Or the dog that got killed by me in plantations several years ago when I lived over on the cul-de-sac that other let bound mint in the guy head.
Dead it and crapped it.
Squashed like a, of course, a mint pin with like, you know, that one way to maybe eight pounds at that point.
You don't let your dogs run loose.
You assholes you.
Almost of course they're very annoying and bark too much.
5, 6, 7, 0, 1.
That's something to think about.
Hey, tiny.
Want to go for a ride on sunrise?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, auto-AT&T.
And for what?
Hey, tiny.
How about if I rolled down that window over there?
One look outside.
Oh!
Tiny didn't lean too far, did he?
Uh-oh.
Where we gone?
Here's a mobile in Papano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I cast my vote for South Beach.
South Beach is the winner so far.
It's pulling away as a matter of fact.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and for rides on wireless line.
131 votes so far.
South Beach 63, Boca 48, Coyle Geobles 9,
Corspring 7, Cokin' and Gro 4.
Nobody comes close to South Beach or Boca Raton.
They're like in a class...
...by the club.
Two part of the great facts is in the history of this program
from Morris Cullen, who lives on Bayview Drive in Miami.
Dear Mr. Rogers, I'm a 90-year-old Jew.
Oh!
And one of the groups that you love to make fun of.
I drive a Lincoln town car and I stay in the left lane when I drive since I have my
Estinian Gravice and only see out of one eye.
It gets better.
Maybe I do have some body odor and have a hard time doing daily chores.
I guess when you get all these things happen.
I'm upset that a guy your age will be at old Jew in about 20 years as no respect for a lifestyle.
We try our best inside our old body that has a hard time to work.
Do you want us to kill ourselves to make you happy?
I've made good investments in my lifetime and live very well and have no family.
I've made a provision in my will that my lawyer, who is 40 years old, must fulfill in order to receive a $50,000
reward. I'll leave him if he fulfills my wish that I've made after listening to you for the past 20 years.
He's been listening to me for 20 years since he was only 70.
In the year 2025, he must find you.
If it takes going to Amsterdam, then he must go.
I've left him an additional expense account for travel.
When he finds you, if you're still alive, he must go up to you and say that Morris Cohn thinks you're an old Jewish part
and what are you doing still living? Why don't you kill yourself?
At this point, I'll finally be able to rest in peace and get even with you even though it took nearly 20 years.
I guess that the greatest facts in the history of this program, it deserves to be framed.
I'll be waiting for him, Morris. I want to be there with the camcorder.
Won't that be great? Now, how about the near 25-25 with Zager and Evans and Schwartz? And Morris will be good too.
This is 560-Q-A-L.
I don't have a clue.
It's a great privilege to be here to outline a new budget.
I throw a darts and a reward to come up with a number of protects reliefs.
In my plan, no one will get relief.
For lower income families, you'll never get ahead.
And this president doesn't care and won't pay.
My attitude is government should stand in the way of families achieving their dreams together.
We will do so.
I hope you'll join me in standing firmly.
Unrestrain.
Some say might be too big.
Others say it's too small.
I respectfully disagree.
This is just right.
Kind of like the porch.
It's 1118 at 560, WQ-A-L.
I'm 560-Q-A-L.
I'm 560 on the 18-T and 4-E.
NHL trading deadline today.
Any interest?
No.
I mentioned that in the past yesterday and we had a photo call.
I'm talking about hockey.
Not only do we have any hockey fans here, but they hate it.
They hate it.
They despise it.
Except the guy that wants those tickets and is bringing a stake in shake tomorrow.
My friend Josh, here's a Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hey, Niel.
Yes, sir.
It's surprising that you were talking about the subject guy who was wanting to talk about it.
What is that?
Well, the other day I was driving and a dog pulled out or he ran in front of me and I'd break.
Yeah.
And pick up trucks slammed right in the back end of me.
Oh, man, it's a matter.
What about the dog?
Oh, he got hit.
The dog also got hit on top of all of this?
Yeah.
And got killed?
No, his hip was pretty bad.
I looked around for the.
There was nothing I could do.
But...
Well, how do you know his hip was really bad then?
What does that mean?
Because he was working.
Yeah.
He limped away is what you're saying?
No, he laid there and he was a mess.
His hip, I didn't kill him, but I don't want to talk about this.
Oh, wait a minute, you didn't kill him, but...
But I hit his hip.
You hit his hip and he was a mess and he was laying there and then what happened?
Did somebody come and take him to the vet?
No.
Road kill.
I'm lefty.
Oh, man, I don't want to talk about this.
No, okay.
He had a dream.
Guy and four Myers had a dream that he got a rear-ended.
Back on.
I don't think the dog had anything to do with it.
560, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T and four irons and one of those lines.
We understand that you have some serious mental problems over there, sir.
We've been in four Myers.
We understand.
We can relate to it.
What's that other place where they are?
We're living through there.
All of those places.
Port Charlotte.
Wow.
The West Coast of Florida.
That is a place.
It is a place.
It is a space.
Pick up trucks.
Really, on the usual, I would get in the rear-ended by a pickup truck, too.
Even if that story would have been true.
560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T.
Verizon Wireless Line.
158 votes on our plastic contest here today.
Which of these parts of South Florida, which town, which city, which berg is the most plastic?
South beat 78.
Boca 56.
Gables 11.
Cross Springs 8.
The Grove only 5.
See the Grove years ago.
But now there are so many schwarzes, even though they keep them all on the other side of the railroad tracks here.
That would be a good survey.
We'll take one day.
Which city in the South Florida is the most eerie atric?
That would be tough.
Once upon a time, I knew Beach could have one hands down.
Not anymore.
And that's until those plastic punks invaded South Beach.
Now it's not like, you know, Helen Dale, Sunrise, Tamarack, Surfside.
Avatar.
Oi!
See, the Avatar's not plastic.
It's old.
It's old Jews with a lot of money.
You better know your old Jews, mister, because you sure don't.
Here's homestead, ho!
Noble & Miami, hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, how you doing?
Good.
You know, I love you very much.
I listen to your show, but you know, you're getting kind of old people.
you would have been your listeners saying about our latin people in those
picking english you know that the most of our minds you know where they were
everybody speaks english over there we don't want to know that i want to
do you want to know that first of all the poor didn't say anything about
latin people is that people don't know about the kinsley the poor
been saying about latin people ass or it said people who don't know what's
big english but if the full fits bear it okay if the full fights watch it fly
it eat it suck it or speed of that now that's going to be a poll question
also maybe next week which TV anchor to think is most likely to eat ass you
know huh right waterdale rick san trans to all through put on it Tony
sigredo that's my vote how about your Tony's an ass eater that's what Joe
Roast told me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and for eyes on what was mine here's a mobile in dear field hello hey
you know how you doing today pretty good i just want to give a heart that dick
who hit the car hit the dog he was good enough to stop he didn't hit the dog
that was a bogus story i mean a former myers guy that was a totally a bad
bomb yeah maybe one of the stop at least helped the dog let me say it again it
was a bogus story yeah i got your buddy how you doing i'm doing pretty well so i'm
doing outstanding all right just like that Spanish guy called up and give you
this is like about that if you can't speak the language get the hell out there
you go get back under banana more pal have a great day okay you too get back
under rubber raft and go away okay spigot ingles spigot ingles go on go do it
we want to do the spigot spigot spigot language no come on we're pissed off five
six okay seven oh five sixty Jesus sterical
hysterical
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line see something happened yesterday
we had i can't put my finger on it but something did happen yesterday and with the stock
market with the the dog with the full moon with the track there was just now it
wasn't just me personally the as family feeling that our whole i don't know whether
was shot for whether it's america maybe out of call that psychic that the
fearless talking to all the time no one has Jeff crying on a sofa you know asking
jeeps for his money back but there was something that happened there like a
turning point in the whole and only for the better that's a good news psychic
kneel is here to tell you that things are looking up how's that market doing by
the way huh still in the positive still in the green let me take a look nice
that's like what do you know down what we don't care about the dial you don't care
about i don't know some people do more little bit but not a lot not unless it starts
going you know bananas down forty three well you know it's got some attitude for
latitude or is it the other way around but the next day we a little bit of help
okay back up to two thousand they have good breeding space to stop before we go back up
like to seven thousand would be good hey did i remember to tell you that first union
securities came in dead last and that listed the guy faxing from all three
journal i mean like a million miles behind everybody else who's that first union
securities matured oh here's Miami hello
now yes sir how you doing buddy pretty good uh biggest ass sucker twenty-figurator without a doubt
now we're out there about ass sucker we're talking about the they see you don't
understand it that's a very king thing okay
now as i speak can you put the godfather music on the background i want to give a small report
we lost another colorful living character Vincent Hallow oh yeah i saw that passed away
quote ninety six he plays Johnny hola did he really yeah he's Johnny hola and other uh two
no yeah Myers-Lancis best friend remember he played him that well he didn't play him he's the character
well he was the character that was played by i see what you're saying yeah right yeah he was
my last he's buddy when my i was walking his little boss thank god nobody ever hit Myers-Douglas
column's ever because he wouldn't have taken kindly for that yeah Jimmy blue eyes the watchdog
out of the mouth right taking care of Myers yeah Johnny hola was the guy who was uh isn't he the one
that took freedom to the uh he Superman yeah right right in the in Cuba right Johnny hola yeah he used
to take in there all the time right that's all they brought with me cut dead in a place like this
right that's Vincent Hallow Johnny knows what the fact he's dead yeah dead okay I'm glad you're
reminded me I shot this morning in a broad interior to my eye I was seeing they're crying on the
couch I'm the pride get him bring it up thank you sir okay my friend okay
yeah i don't know this is the monthly goodness we have told him that's right
yeah
my thing on me guy on this my good buddy that David don't call us again
then feel pretty called said you're a good guy we don't play new personal but it will
piss down we're sick of it sick of watching our money go down the turl it's a turl
you believe that there's still people out there haven't seen the bad father that I find that
extraordinary the story and I'm glad the exterminators coming in today uh lost because we've
got both flying around in here all over the place all over the whole world place up here so finally
we didn't exterminators digging this piece yeah time for a quick and exterminator on his place
oh
what is it oh sorry
somebody stepped on a bridge and he
was that before after he's had a guy shot on the crossway
they shot something on the crossway he's dead there's the greatest actor in my opinion of all time
robert duval once you're great let's do a survey on that one based on you know we did that
music stuff was a lot of fun let's do that with the actors and actresses and movies and uh
frozen dinners stuff like that yeah let's i like stofers i don't like uh vixthorfer though
thanks right about vixthorfer because uh he's an asshole the voice of uh Gulfstream all
and Gulfstream after having a big big weekend with a florida durby and they handled
thirty seven million dollar statewide they had those two record days early and so they whatever
and they only have a few days left in the meeting before they close and go over to hyalya
leave it or not and so what did they do on it i yesterday to reward all of the hard work and
tellers and people that they laid a whole bunch of people off yeah after they worked their asses
off with all those old crusty nasty miserable blue hairs all weekend long i'll have two dollars
on the floor you know the ones i'm talking about the ones that spread the racing form out over
the goddamn in front of the tiller there with fifteen people standing online desperately dancing
from one toe to the next behind them hoping praying to get their guy down bed in before the
guy dimmed del rings and the gate opens up and they're off yeah that's how they reward the
people of work hard because it turns out that these people now that bought the Gulfstream
these people from Kentucky and uh Churchill Downs and you know these are going come to find out
that they're a bunch of uh assholes is what the deal is grave horrors come back i just mentioned
that in passing so i'm thirty five sixty q i m i know that the guard even loves Neil Rogers
it's new and it's that burger king godfather truly he action figures they're fun for the whole
family collect all ten mob action figures with each wapper fries and super large drink and that
a super large drink no exception get sunny in a favored garbage can so you can beat the crap out
of carlo after he punches out sunny sister or get the bullet brittle body sunny after he gets it at
the jersey toll booth wow isn't that great impress all your friends with the done himself i'll make
him an offer he can't refuse so start organizing your neighborhood now and get the godfather action
figures remember it's only business and it's a burger king and you won't have to wait 45 minutes
for it either 1134 or five sixty wqm happy Tuesday to any of the days a lot better than yesterday
just a whole ambiance you can feel it that we're like you've turned the corner yeah yeah you can smell
or maybe it was those things that were sitting on the counter out there here's four mires hello
yes i have uh unfortunately a true dog story oh i hit a beautiful collie one time slowed down
this dog's walking along the side of the road he cuts in front of me very quickly the man in back
stops watches the dog while i drive down to the owner's house on a long driveway he's having breakfast
i'm sorry but i hit your dog how you know who's dog was well i just thought it was this in front
of this house yeah so i go in there and i says a collie yeah it's a collie does it have a collar
i said i have no idea i'm too upset i don't even know i go back out to the dog and the fellow that
was behind me were the dog still alive oh barely oh well by the time this owner gets out there in his
car yeah the dog dies yeah the owner gets out of the car reaches behind the seat and pulls out a
shovel he's ready to have a funeral then he says oh that's not my dog that's the guy next door
yeah in this witness in back says oh is that the mayor's house or is this guy was named mayor
and this guy says oh yeah and he looks at me and he says i wouldn't tell the guy you hit his dog
he's a hothead so anyway i left the scene the man who brought the shovel out but here the guy was
ready to just bury the animal well what what did you want him to do with it set it on fire uh
i would have made it i want to say that the guy said something like that well if he was dead
he was going to take it to the vet well it wasn't dead at the time i told him about it i said the
dog's alive and got to get into the vet oh i see that's not what you just said though you said the
dog was barely alive it was down over there he was pretty badly badly in the bed that
congratulations on 25 years ago okay thanks thanks for whatever you name we know what he just said
oh no something about a colleague so you people are want to joke about hitting dogs in the street i
got news for you know you'd be amazed how fast my car can move and what a good aim i am too yeah
like next time you're crossing the hell in the ill-beats bullet hard real slow with your walker
morris five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and provide some wireless line
now i can't wait in the end in fact when the year 25 or 2025 let's see how old will i be then 24
or be uh eighty two oh yeah got a long jeopardy going in my family uh eighty two that's nothing
so when i get to be eighty eighty one the November of that year 2024 in November fifth of
2024 i'll put a big sign on the door wherever i'm living neo-rodges is here with like arrows and
the whole deal old neo remember young neo this will be old neo just to make sure that is a lawyer
will come and get this fifty thousand dollar reward and of course morris by that time will be like
you know ashes rotting festering even the worms wouldn't touch him by that they'll be smiling
from on high good hey i'll wave to you hey maris how's it going up there here's western hello
uh... morning yes sir yeah i was just mentioning the other day robert deval i could watch him act all day
and all night i mean that even in bad movies that he's done he is just he's unbelievable i never
saw that movie where he played the preacher the apostle unbelievable performance he wrote it you
know he couldn't get that movie done really and because it was it was kind of controversial in
terms of the way it portrayed religion exactly and uh and the huckster nature of it and and you
know he exposed the whole thing of it but his acting and it was just absolutely unbelievable that
you know poor christian to work the biggest hucksters stockbrokers are religion peddlers
the big of that i was wondering you know i would hope michael's like annoyed you because he
he was actually saying i need to make a living you know like quick read no he didn't say that but i
could tell the side of his voice that he was really was really wounded and hurt and irritated like
uh... you know i mean here we are four hundred and fifty thousand dollars in a whole later give her
take whatever the whole is at this point and he acts like uh jeez you know you're up in the
you know he didn't really say that but i i could tell we can only and and you know that's the
see here's the guy he took a chance you know he was told right up front if he's going to take my
money i'm on the air i'm one of those guys with a big mouth right if you do me a good job i'll
sing your praises from now really at the time but if you do a bad job if things go south and
whatever the hell happened uh i'm going to rip you an ass and i do i rip them every single day and
deserve it least so i haven't said anything that's untrue i've given my honest a normalization of
what he's done with so far i see nothing but disaster anybody who's been a professional salesman
that the prestige accounts are always wonderful to have because you can post your name on them
when you when things go right right things go wrong that's right you sometimes that sometimes you
look at it and you say oh my gosh i can make so much but you have to you know they always talk
about wearing the risk and wearing the benefit well as a salesperson you have to weigh that risk
as well because if you screw up yeah that's your name and you know you can walk back into that
place but say you know so i'm here for for me to call him as i've done many times the last few
months in here to say well you know i'm not happy either i'm not happy and like i told him a
few days ago i really don't care whether you're happy it's my money not yours in other words
i'm the client he's the one that's supposed to be the big shot i don't care whether he's happy
he's supposed to be considered whether i'm happy and guess what i ain't
the audible thing would have been for him to come in and say you know i can't really maybe
i just have to write personal maybe this isn't the right time or whatever but i've never he's
never said that you see that and and i understand there's an ego driven aspect behind it where you
don't want to admit you know if you're good but you can only imagine my amazement where i'm saving
a single take home of me when i look at this uh... treatment of all three children i look at first
union securities and i look at their miserable horror or i just wrote test performance
compared to every single one of the all these other people which means that he might be in a bad
place to the people about him given him we've got no i don't think so okay look at the
plastic places what about parkland now is it big enough parkland yeah i highly that there how could
that be plastic that's the yahu no i know other people that are there and it's kind of like
it's taken call springs to trying to take a call springs to even a more elite stature so
you know i'm wondering if i don't know you know you think the yahu but again you know if it's
rich riley let's face it yahu not to you never call him plastic redneck yahu right wing but
term that plastic but that the law on the whole springs i got to be honest with the
corals brings i uh... i don't like
i don't like i mean you know it's glitzy and it's uh... new and it's uh... upscale but there's
just i've never looked at this i've been about corals brings that i have a step
where wise definitely live there i don't like it well you know in west i look at
the rest and you know i move relook at it and you're right and admittedly it's
somewhat fascist in the way the funniest thing is the property management people
there's one guy who's like the property management not to you
let's put the note in your door that your mailbox needs to be painted or you need to be
steamed cleaned or you need to check your lawn because it's not brought green enough for whatever
but he's got a absolutely two pack a day habitual smoking problem okay and now that
they're going with the outlaw of smoking out here and i just see him whenever he gets outside
of the confines of west and he's smoking him three at a time yeah that's yeah you know and so he's
doing that oh there's a big election here west i say and oh that's right the election today
everybody go out there and vote all tenia you don't yeah i'm glad you mentioned that
because i keep forgetting to talk about this the last several days at least by me around plantation
i see these silly people on street corners and they've got the signs of the names of the candidates
and i have already turned up my voter registration code i wouldn't waste my time anyway voting in
you know and plantation election vocals election but they're and they're waving and nobody has
paying the attention to them i mean nobody i'm thinking to myself what are you assholes doing
out here on the street corner what do you think you're going to get out of it yeah what kind of
experience is this way you've been there waving and they're like they're all and i'm taking what nobody
you can tell nobody is paying the slightest bit of attention to them well here in west and i was
looking at all the names and being Jewish myself i just saying you know it looks to me it's either
six or half time and we get one Jew or another regardless of what's going on so there you go the same
deal so good day and good day your caller about johnny ola is wrong now see this this fact she didn't
understand what he was saying it was played by dominant uh...
chian asi who also plays uncle jr. m. is a plan us that's what it says here why you give me a look
because of what you said the guy got the statement wrong
yeah now he didn't say that the guy who just croaked a play to me said that that was the
character that uh...
dominant quizz plan
dominant pavia
five six seven o five sixty let's see that this uh... story starts with my thirty year old wives partial
discrimal it was about four months after the operation chief on herself going about fifteen to twenty
miles an hour down our street on her way home just as she was about to pull in a rock while there
was being chased by another dog ran from behind my park jeep
my wife break quickly yet still hit the dog this is a dog that we like a lot and in a limp
away yelping my wife got out to try and help it
after her walking it back to the neighbors how she was greeted at the door by the wife of the
dogs owner the look on the wife's face was classic and read you hurt my dog
everyone was upset we had to run the dog to a vet that kept the dog for three days in charge seven
hundred bucks the good news is the dog is fine here's the problem
we split the bill and there's the weeks passed afterwards we regretted doing so we've learned our
lesson dog owners who let their dogs run free are responsible for the dogs getting hit
and if someone doesn't care don't be surprised when you told your dog was hit and killed by a car
p.s thankfully my wife's back was only sore for a few days in the sudden trauma but the point
is not only are they endangering their dogs life they're endangering the lives of others as well
sincerely Cuban rafter how do you like that yeah you people out there that are letting your dogs
run loose you're pushing off the rest of us too that just i mean i already had a horrible crap
as day yesterday right up until i've pointed about a quarter of those six but then i haven't
to see that nice little dog getting just screamed they're on some of my bullet mark just smashed
this mitherines out there made in the road kill turn my stomach made me sick as a crab
and then i had to see the fact which is proper hanging out i mean between the two of them put
that together and you have a real crappy day here's hollywood hello yes sir what is it hello
yeah i need to phone hello hello yes i need to phone what do you mean i need to phone
what's wrong what do you mean you need the phone cool who and who you a phone call yeah hang out please
well who called us who's this what do you mean who's this it's near Rogers on a radio oh my son
like the cool deal i'm sorry well i'm worried what's he doing to you where are you
Craig Craig Craig
hello yeah where is he gonna hold on sir find him for me okay don't let him win
out he called yeah how have you been doing i've been doing great how about you good i don't
you know do you know who i am Craig Craig it's near Rogers come on go on Craig yes hey i can do it okay
what happened you just hung up the phone yeah Craig just hung up the phone
maybe he knows our program director muff something just happened here pushy pushy pushy
now teach your Craig mom's out there in the back she's the i say she was nice and he was a punk how do
you like that she was very nice she was very concerned about me she actually knew who i was all the old
people know who i am yeah you up to any old fart say you know and then he or Rogers now say he's
an asshole right at least they know who i am anyway like Morris over there in Miami who's been
listening for 20 years Saiga's un Morris rest in peace on the bad news is Sunny Rosenberg is still
alive they're having a special meeting in hell and they'll see if he's really as much of an
asshole does everybody thought he was and they decided yes but he's still alive sunny Rosenberg
you could be here you come back a hundred years from now and you still have these same old
parts run under the joint same old the Julio Crooks down there in date county the same old Jews in
hell and they'll same old routine mobile in Palm Beach hello hey nearly doing okay in terms of the
ass-munching this is the Miami news cafe you got welcome up 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t
and Verizon wireless line here's a mobile in Miramar hello
what's the client name happy form
how are you okay uh i know what you're always here you could plan about your count from
the mitch a couple of little tips here while the everybody's going to steer up on the mask that
yeah Eric's been as an excellent spot yeah six bucks why six bucks yeah they're in the toilet
you familiar with them yeah i've had them for a long time not only from very well
for Ericsson is on the way out i think they're going on a business now yeah the whole infrastructure of
China is is Ericsson infrastructure of China's uh by way of by way of Ericsson yeah and and
and the American well the person yeah him too um and there's also another one Rambo I think
we're gonna have a ball movement from this call what is it Rambo so they uh i'm not looking for
i'm not looking for you to tout stocks here on here i mean what kind of the insanity is this i'm
not i'm not looking to get in i'm looking to get out yeah i'm not looking for you i'm not looking to get out
a lot of people in the same position as you and i have a device for them if they if they really feel
you know like the you know everything's going down the drain uh take all your money liquidate it
and put it in uh six one cd's and then see what's going to happen after that
yeah you know you can't lose that way or some government bonds yeah and and just accept uh
four hundred and fifty thousand dollar losses what you're telling me and then sit back and
and try to time the market and then jump back into the guttling those what do you know you
think this is the thing is timing the market right that's exactly right that's right um another
thing about uh eating out in other words you're you're just telling me like the guy that
came to me for hockey game a couple of weeks ago well you know the money that you lost
forget about it you lost it and uh take what you got and that's it that's easy for you to say
well it is you know a very uh difficult decision to make you know yeah okay well let's
say hi to Lee Ferguson for us okay it's 11 till noon at 560
wna q a m this is 560 q a s what i was looking for before it was pasty
pasty complex people with pasty skin you know like uh it's hard to describe it
until they actually put your hand on it and the skin too but anyway brook has got to learn here
like a cartoon uh character you know very few people I've ever seen in my life I have like real
caretop orange here or purple here unless of course you're talking about down here we have many
people with purple here yeah see it goes through phases first of all it's like sunrise phases you know
first of all it's like white no no it's gray and then it's white and then it's blue and then it
becomes purple yeah like when you're sitting up there in the dining room in pop it up park and all
of a sudden you look around you see this purple haze here's pop it obi chillo yeah that's road kill
on top of their heads uh huh i could be it hey these people are all out of material yeah i think we
had to go back to vote on songs to what back to voting on motel yeah what's your material so what
you got my material is i was at the track last night as fortune was in front of me making a three
dollar bet and meanwhile i got shut out of about 20 bets and i lost all my bankroll oh jeez what a
bad break okay too bad say how did you pay via junior and senior five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a AT&T and for eyes and wireless line we're gonna have a contest here see how
many harness drivers you can name yeah that's gonna be our contest very good very good warly
fantasy out somebody pay the no dominic is none his brother though he's related in the family
as brothers not really drive a reader lately 233 votes on our survey which of these areas in south
fort is the most plastic plastic baby plastic as a bunch of real posters running around plastic
assholes you know what i'm talking about south beach seems to be winning in a breeze in a finesse
debris 116 votes for south beach you're not fooling anybody down there you almost never get
a cause maybe one a month from south beach although too busy don't have time for us
they're too busy doing drugs bokeh retone 84 crore gables 14 crore spring 13 crore gonna
grow six so in other words it's strictly like i said a two horse race how about buddy go more
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and for eyes and wireless line
and his brother Gary how about barstimer how about the jim and gardy see i guarantee i could do this
from now until two o'clock i could though let me stop red Ross Gordon Norris Charlie Norris
i could they've blown i could i could name the drivers that have been invented yet sex
Warner and that what did you talk and why these people who are they Marty Cohn
here's Baltimore hello hey miss yes sir hey yeah i got a dog story for you actually like my dog
I hit like two months ago right and i took him to the to the bed a dog no no my dog I hit
oh your dog got hit yeah yeah and i took him to the vet and um they was like yeah the bus
to hit and i can turn a bleed bus to move or bus to hip oh yeah and um i took him to the vet
and he was like it was gonna be like eighteen hundred just to get on six and i found well that
yeah i was like that's a big eight i don't have to do like two months anyway i was like well how much
a perma sleep he was like one fifty seven i'm like well yeah let's go for the one sixty seven yeah
i had to good choice pal yeah but have you ever like dog insurance if i have doggy insurance i
didn't know what such a thing i had it on a bus with a patient and they were talking about like
my best answer what i mean itself within a year all you're talking about like for a veterinary
all yeah and now you tell me after all these thousands of dollars i paid all these years
man i know when i get my next dog i definitely got it my vet she's she's a very nice lady but
boy every time i go there she's doing procedures that haven't been invented yet it's amazing
doggy insurance okay thanks okay and don't forget go for the one sixty seven
and a great day pal good choice well i mean you know you love your dog but let's face it
especially when these markets are nowadays who's not gonna afford that kind of five six seven
oh five sixty baggage pound five sixty on the AT&T and for Ryzen and wireless line
mobile in four-lawterdale hello hey Neil yes sir you know i'm great anyway uh interesting thing about
two years ago i was reading the Wall Street Journal right and they were interviewing a Warren Buffett
and they asked Warren Buffett how much you think these internet stocks are worth
so a NASDAQ and he said well if i was a college professor i would ask my graduating class one
question yeah final exam what our internet stocks were and they go what would be the answer
he said well they put anything down but i don't know i failed yeah and i'd listen to that advice
and my friend said uh if you're only making twenty if you're not making twenty five percent of
you on your money uh your loser yeah and i stayed with the blue chip stuff and uh you know i'm
making ten percent i'll take and uh keep a balance portfolio and uh you can do okay and sit
out the rough times and hang on it at zero ox it's gonna come back that's too late too late now
so with your bag now sold it took a gigantic loss yeah oh you know what they just did a uh just sold
a one point three billion of food you zero ox so they got enough they got two billion in cash
a carium for another year and a half right i heard that Arab sheik is the one that to help them out
yeah i think it's gonna come around it's you know obviously zero ox isn't gonna disappear
like the all these other internet companies so but anyway i just thought i i read that and uh
that people out there to want invest money just read a wall street journal and use your own head
and and uh don't try to make the money overnight you know it's a long day okay pal have a great day
okay let me say it again investing has nothing to do with the stock market let me say it again very
very clearly very carefully very loudly very articulately investing means putting it in something
that is guaranteed that's an investment putting it in the bank at two percent putting it in
money market at five percent putting it at cd six and a half seven seven and a half percent
whatever i didn't get putting in something that they fixed guaranteed rate cannot lose
anyone you give your money to where there's a possibility you could not get it all or maybe any of
the fact that's called gambling virginia that's called freaking gambling the deal Roger show on five
sixty wqa am my amie fort lauderdale oh he doesn't say a b's like oh god damn
those wrong the gangster at bird straight out of the hood bangin jay low daily you know that life
was good back in heat in limos working on their raps everyone was living large till someone
but the chap's home homie lay their bleeding took one in the spleen
off he told the driver it's your gun they done seem hope you made the headlines the front page of the
post to pack and biggie would be there if they were not ghosts or a jinnifer has left you
her big ass has gone away welcome now yours is looking finer to the inmates every day
up the gangster rapper had life by the balls now he's looking at 20 years staring at the wall
everybody up the gangster rapper had life by the ball okay now he's looking at 20 years staring at the wall
oh i love it 202 at five sixty wqa am happy Tuesday too got a very light load today if i can say that
can i say that no light log like i said and as a result we got lots of stuff going on here today and
this is great i like this let's just eliminate all the spots let's do like non-commercial radio
which i think will well on the way to do that looks like nice going there scruan you right on top
of its sweetheart as usual mobile and four-letter hello hello male yes sir how you know i'm
the i'm come from all-time school i always put my money in CDs everyone's telling me to take my
money out and put in a pocket now i'm absolutely not you have a lot more can it actually drop
you're asking me like i have some idea no i know you know i don't uh uh
fortune tell i'm gonna give you the answer to your question nobody has any clue nobody knows
and months ago i want to put my money in a mutual fund at a high risk and you know i just sort of
a sock market going down kept thinking all right i'll wait a little bit longer
don't do it pal don't do it so you best bet is my best bet is to leave where it isn't leave it
right where it is you'll sleep like a baby at night and you'll have that money guaranteed you can't
lose a dime all right trust me i know good i just want to give it to tonight but don't get sucked
in by the hype man don't get sucked in oh yeah i thank you okay pal
bye are you like that he's on the fridge he's here they're they're lewding him they're trying to
oh come on they want to suck suck it and you want to know why because misery loves company
that's why all those assholes i want to suck you into gambling away your money they want to see
you just as broke as they are then they can say oh gee well we sure gave it a good shot but boy
if we only would have known yeah if we only would have known that we were gambling if we only
would have known that we were gambling you know just like pop it up park last night i had a good
time there i was gambling nobody said hey you're here to invest your money we're gonna grow your
money 20 or 30 percent here tonight at pop it up park nobody said that to me because i would have
laughed in their face when it would have said that you know if i would have made a bet on
Donald brainer there last night he would have said hey bet on me and i'll increase your money by 40
percent i would have laughed my ass off i would have said don't you you couldn't win a one-horse race
you know you're probably right but invested me anyway and i would have said no no i would not
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and how about Nikki Bridges
Nikki Bridges Nikki Bridges what about it driver oh i told you this is gonna go on till mid-med
i'm not leaving i'm just staying here huh frances oh here
Tommy harmer Tom Wilburn here's a mobile and lake worth hello
hey what are you doing thugs knighter pretty good
hey look let me i just i just turned over to you and did you you didn't actually hit the dog
go did you sock it hit the car in front of me hit it but you've never actually hit one yourself
no it's gross and the it's happened to me and it's gross oh i'd be sick for days
i'll never forget it ever ever and and and last week twice i had a bird hit my windshield
two different times well i mean as i had a bird nothing you can do almost in a nice
food yeah what do you do you turn around you go i mean you what are you gonna do yeah well i'm not
saying that when people hit dogs that it's the drivers fault because i mean i was sometimes
at this but most times it's not because dogs are you know they've done they went out in the middle
of traffic and they get killed but it's the owners fault for letting their god damn dogs run loose
we should make those owners play in traffic for a few hours you're absolutely right and i have a
German shepherd i don't let my dog run out of the street you have to be nuts i mean it's it's gruesome
and and and and owners that let their dogs but they should have to run traffic right that's what i just
said okay thank you and that what i that what i just said yeah that's what i just said
we have an echo on this guy dimmed phone five six seven oh five sixty don't let me forget oh
here's our friend john or joseph who factored this stuff from what is it named Raymond James
associates see i don't know at this point i'm just i'm just you know beaten up and i'm like a beaten
man financially as far as this investing thing is concerned and as far as i mean what are you
gonna do you sit back and i tell you wow you can wait a couple of years and it'll all come back or
not uh you know hope for the best and so doing these the next three and a half years i'm
taking all the money and i'm putting it into a guaranteed fixed secured so at the very least even
if all this other just disappears which will not but even if it did at least i got something you know
i'm not going to be at the Camilla's house i'm not going to be at the Montpellier's soup kitchen
i'm not going to be out on the street corner pedaling the homeless voice
which now by the way they're flamingo and five ninety five pedaling the homeless voice get out
of the street you idiot get out of our street out there in the acres they're everywhere
here's napal's hello uh Neil yes sir how are you great okay
i recorded from cat man dude but uh i think it was like five or six dollars a minute so
i'm going to go from there but uh i'd like to say can't man's he i'm sorry that's his other
thing uh i put this air well at ninety two and amazon i comment one oh seven and everyone told me
just to hold it uh uh uh to the skinny go back up and i'll a well we'll go back up a well eventually
we'll be all right i think i believe huh this time i'm going to comment unbelievable like
my friend amazon dot com the LF Jeff Bezos Bezos whatever his name is if you believe
no he talks a good story true i got a little kitty cat story uh my parents had a cat that like
15 years and my sister was backing out and ran over it all right but it didn't quite kill the
kitty cats oh no so it was flopping around like a like a fish oh and uh we didn't have a gun
around the house oh so i had a kill the cat myself well how'd you do that uh oh please do
you i mean it's right in the middle of lunch hour now do we want to talk about this on the air
how this got killed again you want to know it sure uh please this is like filthy i guess uh actually
strangled the kitty cat you strangled it yeah you strangled a pussy it's a thing oh boy i mean how
well how long to take uh good question maybe a minute or so well that's not too bad i thought you
were gonna say like half an hour yeah hopefully the cat was dead when i buried it so yeah no
let's hope so thanks for the good news okay have a great day now i feel better now come on you don't
really want to see a little kitty cat dead do you come on that's terrible that whole thing with cat
i don't i don't get it cats are for old ladies okay if you're an old lady you want a cat for like
a companion that's fine i can understand that i will not chastise you for it that's great
all the little dog would be i see all our dog requires a lot more work cats are like a independent
you put the litter box out there if you don't care that it stinks up your whole apartment or whatever
but cats are you know relatively self-sufficient they got bad diarrhea in the litter box you know
if they puke their guts out in the litter box but anybody besides old ladies who has a cat i have
to raise like all my eyebrows when i hear about that because i i wonder about people like that
i wonder if moth has a cat you think you thing moth has a kitty cat
9 minutes after noon at 5 60 wk wqa m i think we already know the answer that don't we
Oh, oh, God.
See, you started this.
You started it.
Don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah, you started this whole muff business.
It's really heavy.
I've got a word for that.
Don't pay to.
Yeah.
Terrible.
Here's a mobile and call spring.
Hello.
Yeah, okay, so.
Yes, sir.
Yes, it is.
I'm going to make your merger rumor with Gear Access Point.
Yeah.
Gear Ox with where it's at.
Yeah.
Yeah, they're going to create a organ copier.
Uh-huh.
But hopefully.
Maybe they can help you out.
Obviously, you need it.
Pretty bad material.
I think the other guy was right.
Yeah, that's talked about doing the music stuff again.
I think your rights are they're out of material.
We're pretty weak.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line attached.
We don't have that in there.
Do we have that Morton down in the junior pit?
Which one?
Which CD?
What do you mean which one?
The one that's on what about best of CDs?
What's it sound like?
Sounds like some little kid screaming in your mouth.
Oh, that's right.
Young Mortoni or something like that.
Is that what it is?
I'll find something like that.
Morton Downey Jr.'s dead.
Boy!
Where'd you find that out?
Couple colors.
Oh, boy.
Probably all that smoking didn't help you.
Oh, see those people in the West and they may have the right idea.
No smoking or cigarette.
Probably God punishing them for all those real estate scams that he pulled.
No, I think probably for all those bad TV shows.
That could be it.
Wasn't that show.
Wasn't he down here?
He was down here, I thought.
I thought, I was down here.
You're trying to recreate the event something, you know.
Trying to become another Jackie Mason.
Oh.
Well, he did.
But anyway, Morton Downey Jr.'s dead.
So that's either good news or bad news whether you liked him or not.
Or maybe in different news depending on whether you didn't even know who the hell he was.
Which is possible.
16,000 open lines on the board here and we're having ourselves a pretty damn good day today considering 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T InfoWisement Wireless Line.
The outer town line is open now that we're off the earth this hour and four miles.
Maybe it's people from some like real place can call them on that thing.
877-785-6345.
North Miami, hello.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, he was down here for a while.
Yeah.
All the crap find its way down here eventually.
Uh-huh.
Anyway.
You know, I've got here.
You know, you were mentioning the other day North Miami Beach and how it's changed for the worst.
Remember?
Yeah.
You know, and I've changed for the worst.
Of course.
Jesus God, it's the end of the world.
The end of the world, right?
I'm stuck here working here all the time, right?
And you're talking about dogs.
The people here, I have to go to the neighbor, it's on my way to work.
The people here keep dogs and they're fun lawn as a lawn system.
They're just sitting there, you know, day to day in the seat and the cold is disgusting.
I can't tell you how many dogs I've rescued from the street that have escaped with, uh, not off ropes and collars.
You know, just, you know, you brought up the subject, I'm just telling you.
Well, I mean, if it's very easy to say, you know, if you're going to have a pet be responsible, but the problem is, as I say, if you're going to have kids be responsible and people aren't even responsible about that.
Exactly.
How would we expect them to be responsible about having a dog?
Well, if human life is, you know, like these assholes with their pit bulls, you know, that are out there busy killing kids all the time.
Right.
It's a pathetic situation.
You know, I have one of the dogs I own is from the street, the most wonderful dog I've ever had in my life.
And it's, you know, it's, it just breaks my heart because, you know, you see them either killed.
And then he tops it off the, you know, it was the top of the cake because today there's a dead pig on the side of the road.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh my God. I guess Rosie won't be on today.
I mean, that's, but that shows you what the influence of an neighborhood is like.
What can you imagine this?
A dead pig on the side of the road.
A dead miniature black pig, you know, like a little hot belly pig.
Huh.
Probably ready for a temptation island part two.
Right.
Okay. Thanks for the good.
Thanks. Thanks.
Or that's your fiber.
One of those bogus awful shows.
Yeah.
One of those pseudo reality shows.
How is the pool coming?
And 369 votes.
Which of these areas in South Florida is most plastic?
Strictly a tour.
It's a one horse race.
Really. South Beach is pulling away.
137.
Bogus given it a battle.
90, uh, six, crawlgable 16, crawl springs 13, and the grove only, uh, seven.
Hey kids, Saturday mornings right after P.W. Irvin.
Don't miss the tiny terror of television talk.
Today we're talking about parents who selflessed grandma's house.
And I'm sick of it.
Come on.
It's the Junior Morton Downey show.
So, Granny, where those cookies are on us, me, huh?
Well, more to the end.
I didn't have time.
Oh, these have time for my cooking.
Look how you're way into the sand.
But you had plenty of time to tie your hair blue, didn't you?
Huh?
He's challenge. He's immature.
He's spoiled, Raton.
He's now more.
Who knows your father?
I think you should apologize to your grandma.
Oh, now get a load of this pillow and cooking, Zimbrow with.
Zimbing, dad, zipping.
You want to get out of here?
You want to get out of here?
You want to get out of here?
You want to get out of here?
Well, the tempered kids from talk show host you want to spank.
And don't try to tell me off too often.
You want to be sucking on my task of fire?
All stuff I am talking about is what?
Because this is America.
And talk for the pollution.
Filthy, comies, flag.
All stuff is much about what?
Yes, he really sucks.
What?
Please, Junior, Morton Downey.
Well, they won't be sucking anymore, he's dead.
Morton Downey, Junior, dead.
From 19 to 560, WQA, you know, the person on TV that irritates me more than anybody,
not Jerry Springer, like a lot of you might be thinking.
Not $170 like most of you are thinking.
No, not Ron Pupio.
The person who I find the most offensive of anybody on television I did,
and the whole stick, the whole ambiance just makes me want to scream.
I'm one of your favorite channels, even though you don't watch the programs.
You only watch one show.
On the food channel.
Emerald.
Emerald.
Very good.
I'm not nearly as much disturbed by him as I am by the people in that audience and by the reaction.
I mean, he's just a turd is what he is.
You know, just a crude, and then somebody get all upset because he's not from New York,
he's from somewhere in New England or what?
Well, I don't know where he's from, hunger.
But I mean, anything that anybody might have ever found disturbing about the Northeast
is all wrapped up in one tummy package and that's Emerald.
You can smell the essence of all the way over here.
And I do like some of the shows on food channel because I'm like you,
which only watch the Iron Chair for Jeff.
No interest in.
I do enjoy watching like Malt from Mario or is it multi-mario?
Whatever that spot we have said.
But every time you turn on a food channel and you're desperately channel surfing,
he's on there.
Live, he's dead, he's in between, he's a lukewarm, he's a medium rare Emerald.
Within seconds, I want to kill him.
See, this is the new deal on television.
And I noticed that CNN, which is just desperate.
See, they've got like four people on all day.
They've got Abraham Brown and Roger Cossack and Wolf Blitzkrieg and the Kingmice.
They're, uh, him and that's it.
And in around the newscast, they've got, and also a Bill Press and the guy with a vote tie
that's right wing panzy.
And that's it.
Everyone over and over again.
If a little bit is good, then tons of the same crap is better.
That's TV now.
The essence of Emerald.
Fam, fam, fam, and the audience is like an affronty like, he must be putting something in the brownies, you know?
He must be spiking it with something really good.
Because that audience is forming it to mouth.
He could be boiling the goddamn egg.
He could be boiling water to make pasta.
And the audience, ah, ah, they're like hysterical, they're rabid.
All about, ah, it's about luck is what it's about.
I was going to say showmanship because he's not even a good showman.
He's just a crap.
He's just a crude, and those people know something about making a meal,
about the, like, a boiling an egg.
They say he couldn't cook his weight of a paper sack.
How do you like that?
Don Courier.
560, 0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
Chris Boring.
Here's Crippercity. Hello?
Hey, how you doing?
Do you want to okay, ah, well, to stop off Morton Downey?
Yeah.
I'm going to love this.
Jody Jameson.
Uh, where, now where did you get that?
I've got a list online.
Oh, you've got a list online.
Great. He's got a list of harness drivers on there.
Okay.
Rayn Plain Jr.
Well, you know, Morton Downey, he did.
Let's see, a number of perfect...
Landy Waples.
Business man, a father.
A radio offer.
Yeah, you got all the flamboyant downdrivers on there.
Get that off of there.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Singer, songwriter, and guitarist.
You're going to love this meal.
You can pose such surf rock songs as Pipeline.
He's on your other standy park camera, huh?
Huh?
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Pipeline and wipe out your eyes.
Mark Miggins.
Yeah.
I've got to always love being abused by you, Neil.
I'm not paying any attention because I'm talking to you.
I know.
Well, because if I needed to manage...
George went on the computer and he filed a list of harness racing drivers
and I was spewing out names here.
How about Carl Jameson?
How about Kelly Shepherd?
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Uh, the voting going on?
Voting for what?
Uh, you know, all the towns with their voting.
Right after you said it sucks, you shouldn't do it, whatever, you know, all ten people.
I decided to become one of the ten in Cooper City.
Yeah.
Go in there, the ballot has one thing on it.
Two people, one thing.
How much money did that cost the city?
I have no idea, but at least they're doing something constructive over there.
That's good.
Cooper City.
One damn kind of a marginal, kind of a marginal place.
Wouldn't you agree Cooper City?
It's like between Hollywood and Pembroke Lakes and this...
It's not where there's really no such place.
It's like that farm...
You know what it really is?
It's the farm store.
There on the corner of Stirling and whatever that is, Palmer Farm Store.
That's Cooper City.
Yeah.
Not so much anymore.
And Cooper City High.
Cooper City High, where the best grass is bought.
That's right, a lot of nice white kids are too.
Well, they're not so white as you think, Neil.
Not anymore?
No, there's still physically white.
I just don't act white.
Oh.
You can't get past Jewish gangster.
Uh-huh.
The worst, the worst.
Okay, well whatever you said it was great and have a great day.
Fight me, bye-bye.
So now you've got this list.
What is this?
It's the USTA top 20 drivers by Wins as of 3301.
Jody Jamison is on that list?
Yeah, number 19.
No.
You could knock myself out.
I bet your Randy Wapels is on there.
How many seven wins?
How many Randy Wapels got?
94.
Uh-huh.
Number six.
No, don't tell me any other names.
Actually, I print this or I would.
Let me connect it to you.
Let me guess the name.
Kevin Wallace is certainly on there.
No.
It's not alphabetical so I have to actually read.
No.
Kevin Wallace is not on that list.
Kevin, by the way, is on the verge of a 6000 career win.
Nice go, Kevin Wallace, baby.
He's our man.
He's our hero.
Kevin Wallace is God.
I said that at Pompadopark years ago.
This man's talking harness racing drivers.
God, David, is he crazy?
No, I'm having a good time.
And even George is getting into it.
So who's number one with 165 wins?
165.
How about Tony Morgan?
Dave Polone.
Nope.
Dave Polone's not on the list.
Number 18 with 77.
165 wins, Walter Case.
No, Walter's in second place with 148.
Yeah.
Somebody has 165 wins.
Now, what does it do?
You just have a name in a number.
Doesn't say where they are.
Anything else?
No.
Name in a number in one of the initials.
Who?
The initials.
First name initials.
S.
Stand Major.
Close.
You got an-
First two initials.
Steve.
Close.
Not exactly a Steve.
Stefan Bouchard.
Yes.
Stefan Bouchard has got 175 wins.
He used to drive-
He used to drive down here, Pompadopark.
How do you like that?
Stefan Bouchard, that frog.
Wow.
Driving at Yantrie's, those donkey races.
See, that was pretty good, huh?
Now, bad.
Yeah.
Now, how many of the other top ones that I give you right there?
How about Cat Man's?
You see on the list, how about Lucoulette?
Cat Man's, these numbers seven with 93 wins.
And Lucoulette?
Or you, E-L-E-T-T-E right after him, number eight with 90?
There you go.
See, does this man know his craft?
Yeah.
I know it, baby.
And here's Comedale.
I would never have found it.
Oh.
How about Michelle Ashan's?
Michael Chans.
Not on there?
No.
George Brennan?
No.
No.
No?
Huh.
Howard Pocca?
No.
No.
26th afternoon at 560 WDQA MF-I-
F-O-S.
F-O-S.
Oh, there's the board.
Not on there at the second.
Bobby Hall, race at Maris Kuhl.
George Gimblerson, you mean this?
I'm not gonna hit him, Toddler.
Like, go on my pants.
George Gimblerson, I'm gonna down there, Miguel.
And the late Joe Flynn.
They're all back in the United States, maybe.
It's good.
What is the crew?
Take a look at it.
How many of that?
I can think of Ivan Glob.
Who is it?
That's it.
Make it just a two-year-old.
We don't have time.
What was that?
Everybody on deck.
Hold it, Kyle.
Listen to all that.
Hey, Jeff.
Man, here we come.
You know now.
Half minute.
Looks like you.
We have a Japanese station both you have.
You're relieved that don't you?
Yeah, but I'm very tired, Kyle.
But you're through this time of the day.
I'm very, very glad you're here.
And you thought it was just an old TV show.
Laugh a lot with the United States Navy.
And the rest of the Bush administration.
Meet Green, you this Friday.
In the White House Freefield.
Yeah, there are a bundle of laughs, man.
12, 30, 5, 60, WDQM.
So we talked just a few harness racing names.
And right away most of the lines were opened up again.
Now, gee, say you folks out there, you just,
I don't know what it is about this town.
They're so intractable and they moveable.
Even George is getting into it now.
He don't know who any of these people are.
But it's just, you know, something and I'm practicing to be an old fart.
Exactly.
It's something different.
He can go get his program and sit up there.
And like we did on Saturday, we do a double header.
Sock up a free meal.
As soon as I talk about it.
I think Fat Stogie up there.
Get a free meal at the track.
I think you got the right idea.
Get that out there.
You got an edit split layer cake.
Put it here.
Good stuff too.
Oh, god.
Why am I eating that?
They have an edit split layer cake with cream or other with strawberries.
Not if I thought I'm thinking of following Fat Rich around while he does the tout rounds.
Yeah, that's not a bad idea.
Learn how it's done.
16,000 open lines here.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
Oh, this is going to be a four-letter deal.
Hello.
Meal?
Yes, sir.
Second time caller.
Okay.
How are you?
You were talking about Emerald being from Weir Boston.
That's what they tell us, yes.
He's from Providence.
Oh, that's even worse.
Yeah, I know it is.
You know that the second worst talk show person on television, literally the worst.
Yes.
Larry King.
Yeah.
Worst.
The best ass talker though.
The best ass liquor.
Yeah, really.
He never met a cheeky wooden liquor.
It's a bad ass liquor.
How we got there?
Sure.
Really.
And he's still doing it.
I can believe.
Even if Hitler on there, he'd be kissing his ass.
I can believe.
Right.
Does he know everybody that he says he knows?
He's the biggest name dropper since what's his name?
Hey, stupid.
Right.
Since God.
Exactly.
Okay, I have a rate, sir.
Wow.
5, we've got 8 million open lines here.
Look at that.
Elmer Conrad.
No, you won't find him on there.
Oh, he had a whole dead.
Hold on, dead.
Your friend Chris Christoffer's under whatever the whole thing.
He's off a room.
He's on the list of top earners.
Oh, earnings.
Number six is a matter of fact.
Connoct.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
David Wall.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Mickey McNichol.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm this friend, you've I was about 10 miles from Young,
because Ray's like Joe Schwind.
Yes.
I bet Ray Jean.
Daniel.
Yeah.
You on there?
He's a man.
A man caught mine out the tower.
Ray Jean is still driving.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Case is still driving, no?
Yeah, he's still driving Northfield in Cleveland.
That's about the only place it'll take him.
Well, the case on the Cockroach, they bet him down through.
It's right.
Two to four hours.
I have to confess, you know, it was a two to five hours of the
life.
But everybody was calling him begging for your forgiveness.
And I couldn't get through.
I want to beg for your forgiveness, because I was one of the guys
listening to Rush back at days of the political insanity.
Boy.
Yeah, you're forgiven my son.
Don't ever do it again.
Don't do it again.
Oh, God.
Love you.
Okay, I'll pray for you.
56670560.
See, and don't be a dillard or my one at Fat-ass limboa,
because you want to hear the same year.
You had your full of that.
You got your man in there now.
He's just as dumb as he was before the election.
And we're dropping bombs out of all people over there and
God damn Kuwait.
And you know, it's the same old crap, no matter who it is.
So let's get out of important stuff like, you know,
like somebody.
Joe Mars Jr.
56670560.
Palm 560.
I like Charles Beaver.
I could come up with names so obscure that he would have people out there.
What are these people talking about?
What is it?
So guess who the top earner will do salt.
Who?
I beg your pardon.
The top earner.
Top earner what?
Top money winning earners so far this year.
As of 31301.
This year.
I guess Dave Palone.
No.
Is he on the top hand?
No, he's none of the list.
Really?
Are you spelling that?
Dave Palone.
P.L.
I mean, how hard is it to spell Dave Palone?
Like Marone.
Marone.
Jimmy Marone.
No.
No.
If I already mentioned the name.
I think maybe.
There are a lot of people with this particular last name.
Whole family.
Yeah.
On the other list there are at least four entries with the same last name.
Yeah.
That's your hint.
I haven't got any idea.
Big name down here.
A lot of people with that name down here.
It's not a little bit.
Richie Silverman.
No.
Jack Moise.
No.
Come on, let's go.
What is the first name?
What's the first name?
The first name.
In Kendall.
What is the first name?
Sunset.
David.
David.
David.
This is middle initial.
Miller.
Yes.
David Miller.
Really?
Are you kidding me?
Boy, came out of the...
Oh, you came out of Pittsburgh.
Whether the middle-anthes is doing great.
Hey, David.
Purple and white are his colors, by the way, just mention that.
Here is the bokeh.
Hello.
Bokeh.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Pretty damn good.
Yeah, well, the stock market is still on me.
Why are we in the dumps?
Yeah.
I was wondering maybe we could just play some happy music.
Make everybody happy, like some tarantella or something.
You know?
That is not bad luck from the Godfather.
Remember that in the beginning when they have the wedding?
That is not bad luck.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Everybody happy, definitely.
Everybody, yeah.
Everybody happy when you play that kind of music.
That's right.
Let's do it.
I'll find it for you.
I have a goal.
And the music too.
Don't forget.
Leave the gun.
Bring the canoli.
There you go.
Okay.
Bring the Hometaus.
Oh, I guess what?
That smucked Scott from that place where Iowa makes the difference.
He was in here this morning.
I think he walked taking a crap or something.
That's the home of the way.
He was in here.
And talking about, oh gee, I have a funny mention.
My name is about the Hometaus.
Did he bring us any Hometaus?
Oh.
And I took your message about the bakery up there.
We should thank them.
But I, yeah.
What was the name for?
Sweet things.
Sweet things in the fountains.
When I got home Friday, there was a frantic message from George that they had called and they had a whole tray of Hometaus and waiting for me.
And did I go there and know?
Because if I would have got in the train, I would have taken the home and eaten it all weekend and gained five pounds.
So I appreciated it very much.
I'm sure they were delicious and great.
But we didn't get any Hometaus and that's okay.
You know, when the money hit fall and you understand it, we accept the fact that we're no longer invincible.
No, not one.
Not one Hometaus this year.
Not one.
I mean, Dave Halverstam said over those old Goyishy triangles.
And Dave's a good guy.
But, you know, let somebody else eat that stuff.
Dreck it.
Well, let's have Dreck eat it.
He eats it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And provides a wireless line.
What about race time?
Here's a mobile and book.
Hello.
Neil, two interesting unrelated things.
What about Don McElmer?
Yes, sir.
First of all, regarding Larry King, the other day on some cheesy CMDC financial thing, they were talking about the demise of CNN.
And then they'll do it for us.
Yeah.
And they've made specific reference to the statutes.
A lot of the staff in Atlanta hate Larry King.
And they're a pretty part of the demise to Larry King's shenanigans.
Yeah.
And this is one of the regular financial circles considering it.
Much of question.
Much of question.
Yeah.
Second thing is.
And then now he's got eight days a week.
That's my favorite part of it.
There's so desperate to put on something.
Even though his demographics are older than dirt, they got Larry King on like nine days a week.
Much of question.
The second thing is we're a bunch of strange Catholics here in my family, but my daughter goes to a Jewish school and made excellent home induction the other day.
Really?
Absolutely wonderful.
Harold Fisher.
I'd never had it before.
Yeah.
And it was very good.
Well, we should add her bring it by.
Okay.
Well, the novel right for next year.
Okay.
If he's only five, so you know, we're right for next year when she's six and old enough to go out of the house.
Thanks a lot, pal.
We'll do five.
Five.
Well, I mean, five, five is a.
On that other home in Tasha that showed up from our good friend Dave Halvers, yeah.
And he's sugar free.
Stuff that I took home.
Oh, no, sugar free.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
Oh, I didn't need enough of it to get that fall out of it.
It was so.
Not good.
Bad.
Really, really.
I said, direct.
I said it was direct and live up to his name.
Sandra Fisher.
21-2.
You see you're looking for these names on that list.
They will not be on that one dead people.
No, not dead necessarily, but old time.
Give us that good old time religion, baby.
That's right.
Well, you'll be happy to know your friend, Luke Wallet, that you mentioned earlier is second
place on the earnings.
Really?
Yes.
He's very good.
No unit in half.
He's very good.
He's also Canadian, eh?
21-4-1 at 560 WQM.
All right.
This is G Gordon Litty.
And they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Run along to the gate square.
Dan's got a great big zipper in the back of the fence.
Can't off the horse at the old barn door.
Got a family burn around on the right and on the horn.
Looking style folks are dancing all around.
There goes Johnny and his mother's hat down.
All the man left and all the man right.
All the man needs a little bit of fun.
Give your partner a silly smirk.
All doing hand for a big circle jerk.
Volunteers all raise your hand.
Who's going to be the next pivot man?
Invite your partner home for a drink.
Lift your lips and give him a wink with a great big smile and a great thick nod.
Let him know your gerbos be called.
17-1 at 560 WQM.
We got Hank Gorber coming up from for Lauderdale Stadium today.
The Marlins.
Remember the Marlins?
They're going to be a booth.
Yeah, exactly.
What race are they driving in?
560-7-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Nick Selvey.
Okay, here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
A couple things.
One as far as your pole.
Nick Selvey wants to go over horse at Pomp and a part called the Consulieri.
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
The most plastic eff in place in the world is bokeh.
Well, it's not doing it's in second place, but it's not catching up with South Beach.
South Beach seems to be in the league by itself.
Well, that's too bad.
Secondly, irresponsible pet or animal owners.
Yes, sir.
I was driving a 95 last summer and I hit a bull that had gotten loose from a farmer that allowed his bull to just roam free.
You hit a bull, huh?
Yes.
Wow.
Actually destroyed the van.
It was pretty bad.
What happened to the bull?
Oh, it killed it.
Really?
Yes.
Not to like 100 feet into the median.
Wow.
I just didn't get to keep the stake in sports.
How much did it have to have a collision, huh?
Yeah, it was.
Wasn't pretty.
Third thing.
Did the pandas pick up Valley Burian?
I didn't.
I haven't heard one word about anything.
Ridiculous.
At least my devils go out and get a good gold tender.
Nobody did not.
Do you think the geezer has a backup?
Geezer is fine as a backup.
Geezer for the playoffs, man.
You're thinking of that one year, you're thinking of that one.
I had the backup.
He is cool.
Yeah, he's better than Chris Terrero, you're right.
And by the way, if Ken Maldon's listening to Terrero, he's not Terrero.
Come on, Ken.
Have a rate, Dave Pal.
Good luck.
Okay, you'll need it.
Another guy on the ice team.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you know we've heard nothing about.
We got the trading deadline.
You would think of course that our sports people will be running here since this is the hockey
maven here sitting in here.
The hockey harness racing and home all maven sitting here, the 3-H club.
That they'd be running here.
What's ESPN?
I know what the numbers are.
206.
207 is ESPN news.
I guess I'll have to put it on there.
They'll have the stuff go right on there.
They're certainly going to be some deals today.
Erics over there in St. Louis sticking his nose in there.
Well, I, you know, he makes me sick, big Eric.
Yeah, well maybe I'll play there.
Maybe I won't.
Maybe daddy will say it's okay.
Maybe I'll get another head ache.
You got to go away, Eric.
Just don't go to Toronto.
Just don't go home.
Maybe, maybe stay out of there.
We got him watching there with the custom.
Just to make sure that you can't get in.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, I think the pastor's just signed Patti Repone.
Yeah, there you go.
Patti Repone.
Hey, Neil, how about Louis Repone?
Yes, dad.
Patti Repone drove it, popping O Park.
Do you remember a Jewish kid who used to drive down here?
I don't know, I had them.
The name was Heim and Becker.
Sure.
He was from New England.
Is he still around?
No, I don't know.
He used to wear black and white.
Oh, no, I don't know.
He was around taking a beck with you know, the beck with drivers from New England.
I'm a becker, but I do remember the name.
I'm a he used to wear black and white.
He used to have two big Jewish stars on each side of his helmet.
Oh, I just wonder what that is.
You have no such warner, I'll tell you that.
Yeah.
How about Herman Halkeema?
Oh, Herman Hillkema.
Very good.
Yes.
And Billy and Billy Rieger.
And Cecil Champion.
All right, now we're cooking.
Now we're talking meadows.
We're talking Pittsburgh.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Thanks, Neil.
Watch out for Dave Palombe.
And Dean Zames.
Watch out for Greg Wright Jr.
And Tommy Buter.
And Brian Sears.
Okay, say goodbye.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come on, 5, 60.
See, you know what?
This is so great because there are like maybe five of us down here.
There really is only thing about it, you know.
And then there's Wally Hennessey who thinks you know something about it.
Hey, Wally, you're a dangerous baby.
She's one thing about Wally.
He's always dangerous.
He's dangerous when he wants to be.
And he's dangerous when he doesn't want to be.
You know what I'm saying?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And then there's a 50-pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
How's it going, A?
Wally, you old douchebag?
Mobile and Jupiter, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Been in the North Miami Fire Station for 19 years.
My best friend that was there when I got there turned me on to you.
And we've been listening to you since then.
All right.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
I hope I'm out of town before you leave.
Me too.
Hey, anyway, speaking of Larry.
I'm whipping around the channels.
I'm just kidding.
Going into the 10 o'clock hour.
Why, who's that?
Was he sucking last night?
Well, I didn't watch the show.
I just, I went to CNN about 30 seconds before Larry went off.
And he is touting, get on the internet and vote for how you feel about his show.
Really?
Yeah.
And when you mentioned, the only reason I called was because the other guy was talking about how bad it was
and CNN was going down the tubes.
He was touting to get on the internet and vote on what you think of his show.
So apparently there must be a question there about how bad he's dragging down the ratings.
What's your question?
Yeah, all right.
What's your question?
Maybe he'll congratulations.
Maybe I'll say that maybe his tongue is where now.
Maybe it's turned out as Shula there from all that I can.
I can't watch him.
The worst.
I can't do it.
But you know something, I do confess though that in channel surfing, is that time that I
was going to be on the internet.
And then the American phone is usually pretty desperate.
I'll look to see who he's got on.
Yeah, yo, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
He has the child killers on or something, really.
He was kissing their ass too.
Yeah, I went by at 9 o'clock and I went by her all day when that was it and I did something else.
Hey buddy.
Thanks for the good news.
Have a great life and keep doing it.
You're make the, make the days go faster.
Okay, watch where you're sliding it.
Okay, buddy.
Okay, see you. Bye. He's over there at the fire station. They're sliding on it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and for eyes and wireless
Live. Lever King will never be something if the King might still just I mean he's been out there for like a hundred years
90s a week
Bye Larry. Don't take it, you know personal, but bye-bye
Here's a mobile in deer field. Hello
I knew yes, I'd rather for you. How about your old buddy Phil telling you John Philip Holy the Turard
Yeah, hey, I don't want to waste last week. I should mention and I had it
Yeah, all right poor John
Okay, thank you
Nice going there John hang in there. Look at this we'll be calling triple sticks
We got eight million open lines out here now. I wonder why that is George. You know something. I don't care
I'm having a great time. I love it. These people are you're too narrow in your scope. Okay? Go up wash your mouth out
You're too narrow in your scope
Sick of this crap all these are no matter what it is like yesterday
Just I'm somebody the first caller mentioned something about the panthers and that was it just caller mentioned it
And right away. I'll quick talk about hockey and then you got that guy with that boring voice
This is the award you show where we talk about hockey that guy who's like you know every day with the same thing if anybody even drops a puck at his front yard
What is what is with you people? Okay?
You got to be more than just one dimensional and screaming about people about speak English
So they won't speak English now what now what are you not what's after that?
You know reminds me of the day that I had been on vacation. There's a couple of years ago and I come back
Oh wait a minute lightning trade the defense been Craig Melon
That's who know that people nobody ever heard of these people. I want to hear a trade that up
Nothing going on
So anyway you had done your usual swing club crap
But while I was on vacation I come back and some I help some punk calls up or put your age back on here
We want to find out if he and crystal ever did anything and you and you said no, we haven't done anything yet
And and now what you know what I'm saying and now I'm there today I'm not okay and now what now what punk
You know what I'm saying I'm for what it's worth was still having yeah, they still haven't so now what punk
man
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and
For Ryan some water line Malcolm Phillips
Here's a mobile in Helen Dale. Hello
Hey, we got to get sunny out of Holland Dale today's a big election nail the bigger election
I don't think you'd be having no bigger election today
Good luck to you
Well fart 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
Howard Niles
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal
Hello
Hello, yes sir
Two of your favorite drivers will ignore else. What is it?
Who's your two favorite drivers are popular part of all time of all time I'll tell you they are
Leon cable
and
Kelly Shepherd. Yeah, there you go. Good vanilla. Good choice. I think
Bloody Gilmore was best the best of all time. Yeah, well somebody beat it into them anyway
My my my favorite was in upstate New York with buddy Gilmore and Levi Harner and Eldon Harner and George Gilmore
All used to be in the same race and he was a Levi Harner son of law. That was always good. Yeah
Well, it's like that's the theme. So that's the theme song at Dover Downs. You notice it's a family affair
Yeah, yeah, okay
I love him in the dust left him in the dust
Dover Downs. It's a family affair
Rhymes with Francis O'Hare. Hey, I'm about that O'Hare horse the other night there, Pavia. Come on Joe. Get into the race
560560
Palm 560 on the AT&T. How about Jerry Bookmire, huh? Yeah, there was a real piece of work
Here's sunrise. Hello
See now those people crumble your people they crumble on this because they don't know from that they know bullfighting
You know, they know the bull part the Bushman, but this I mean they just they don't they don't even know where to tie the goddamn wagon
Maybe they're you know remember they're not mine. They're yours. They're your baguettes. They're your people know they're Cuban
Faguettes, Maricones, Bogaro, Ney. You don't know they're Cubans. Maricones, Macaron, Ragwin
No, they're not they're your people. I know which one that was
Cute. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Hey Neil Haycock. Yes, you're okay. Happy belated 25. Thank you
I'm here to defend cats as pets. I never had one until about
Never had I was a total god person until
Two years ago. Yeah, and I took a cat home from an animal clinic that I worked at. He was a blood donor there
And he's the best cat or the best pet that I've ever had
Seriously, those knock things over he's not you know, you can go away for a couple days
You know, that's a worry about anything. Yeah
And what are you doing you call him to see like come over in the same high? You know, he knows his name
Comes when you call me
Got a couple tricks believe it or not that he does he sits
No, be at you know, yeah
Marshmid and uh, yeah, so I and play him a champ on a you know you won't know
But why I had that aversion when I was five years old
I picked up a straight cat down the end of the street and I carried it like maybe one block
And it cracked in my arms and that was the end of my yeah
That was the end of my love affair with cats. I mean, you know, I thought this is a pretty shmitty experience
I don't need anymore this you can adopt one and that's a bad story that's point on
I've been from my five-year-old birthday on I've had that aversion to pussy the rest of my life a lot of people don't ever get puppies
They just go to the other pound and get you know older dogs that are through the
You know the house training right? Oh, that's good. That's great thing with the cat
Yeah, yeah, yeah, just wanted to
Like you know, he's a easy kid that's seriously cats can be cool pets. Oh, can I believe you have a great day
Okay, watch out for that microwave. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh, they're they're really good in the microwave cats
And they're tail. I'm like a dog's tail, which is like you know a little more solid
Cats tail is like you know, I can just see that thing in the microwave. Yeah lighting up
like a Hanukkah bus. Yeah
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eight oh ladies
I'm sorry all ladies out there with your cats. I know they're gonna all upset and my friend Sean's got a bunch of cats
I'm starting to get worried
five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T and for eyes. Well, I'm giving us numbers a lot because I realized we were talking about some very obscure crap and people get upset about that
Hey, I got news for a man Randy Wapel's. There's the man up there in the uh whatever they call that the old JC the Ontario jockey club whatever that is
There's a driver that guy
The old man. He was good, but Randy and how about Keith Wapel song come on. Let's go way back there. Yeah
Bob Beaumont
I'm gonna stuck in the old Bob the Betavia raceway and Buffalo raceway our names out. Yeah
They advance in your pants
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hi, Uncle Leo. How are you?
Pretty good. I hate cats too. Good. Just want to let you know what your fellow broadcasters pass away
Morton Downey Jr. Yeah, we already had that on about 45 minutes ago sir. Oh, sorry about that
He's not one of my fellow broadcasters. I mean if you want to call him a broadcaster
He was a pitchman a uh Hux der A what everyone kind of junk TV. Yeah
All right, thanks for making me smile. Okay. Have a great day sir and say hi to Mort
Morton, he's a junior won't be seeing him no more pushing up days. He's now out didn't have
I didn't have lung cancer. I believe he was a heavy to it. He was a chain smoker
That was the best that one could say about it
So there's a message for all your kids out there don't be smoking. Oh chains, baby
Because you'll wind up dead someday. Of course, even if you don't smoke him you'll wind up dead anyway
So that's the way it works, you know
See this is the best they can do the lightning trade the somebody I never heard of to the Ottawa Senators for somebody else
I never heard of and that's it. That's the big news in the national hockey league
That's the big guy damn trade deadline news there on ESPN news
Florida science running back Lawrence Phillips wait a minute
So helping out. I just said it said Florida science running back Lawrence Phillips
I want to kill myself
Profit the 7560 WQ and the weather it's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
New on PBS from the creators of temptation island. It's no temptation island. Here I am bring on the page
Wait a minute Metro's the old title is this kind of a cruel joke?
It's a foaming bone deer idiot or anything you want
Oh
No temptation island
You've got a problem young man somebody just shoot me on PBS
One o'clock at five sixty WQ. I'm happy to be to a boy. This year a lot better day in yesterday
How's that market coming? Oh sets and walks in this ESPN the new stuff. They got no information. They suck
Let's see 355 looks like CMBC to me here on the directory 3170 and that's actually about 32 points
Not spectacular not gonna make a big comeback today, but a little something
You know we got three hours to go just hang on hang on to a little something. I always try it
Now is done 81, but you know
Then it'll teach you to be buying a GE stuff
And you notice the people on CMBC are having a Schmidt they have it a hemorrhage over the fact that GE took that gigantic dump and lost like
$75 trillion in value in one day yesterday too bad. That's your parent company too bad. You guys are gonna shut your ass down. Yeah
GE they had a better idea Ronald Reagan knew what it was, but he forgot it they keep going and asking hey Ronnie
What was that better idea? Yeah
Poor Ronnie. Here's a lady in high alia. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am. Um, I love you two pieces
But today I'm in the role of defender. I was so glad to hear that gentleman call about cat
Not defender of cats. Oh, absolutely. I'll put a cat. Oh, no. Yes
Dogs and cats all our life and I think that
men like dogs mostly because
They're slavery
Because why the dogs are slavery. Well, what does that mean? They're slavery because they're friendly and they're obedient and they're not
You're getting independent obnoxious like cats. Well cats. I think it takes the man with a lot more
self-control and he doesn't need that kind of
Slavery shouldn't have seen his life doesn't need any attention. I don't know what that means slavery
This is I have I have two dogs that I haven't since they were eight weeks old and they're not
Slavery when you come to the door do they run over there and
They bark and scream because they're happy to see me. Yeah
Well cats don't do that tomorrow because cats don't give a crap about you. That's right. Yeah, they want you
It is true. It's not true. They couldn't care less about you as long as somebody there to do whatever
They need to feed them. They couldn't care if you're
Hurrogon
A dog is affectionate a dog who loves you a dog is your best in fact
I was gonna write a book. It's gonna be called my best friends have four legs
Sounds like a winner. Yeah, let me tell you that great is that great name for a book?
Yes, my husband had never had cats in his life and we brought a cat and after we got married
Yeah, and he was quite ill one day and
He really didn't have much use for the cat. I pretty much took care of him
Probably allergic to cats. No, no, no, no
And we only had one cat at the time and this cat came up and just laid her head on him and he said it's like she knows
And she would not leave him
She knows that he was sick
Well, let me let me ask you this do you know that uh certain dog especially little dogs
You know that they have healing power and their tongues
If you have a cut on your photo on your hand that little dog will like look it
If there's like any little area where you have like a nicked huh?
I'm not familiar with that. Right, his antiseptic in his saliva and he will look at and heal it
I have a healing dog. Oh, so they're useful too. Yeah, that's why this one. Well, more or something wrong with that? No
I've always had like German Shepherd and St. Bernard's
Yeah, in fact, I'm glad I'm glad you used that word because useful as a dog is useful and a cat is useless
And that's the distinction. No cats are affectionate. Well, they are
I mean rub it up against your leg is not my idea of affection unless Miguel came in here and did it
I mean I don't I don't get that when we call them they know their names and they come over and
Sometimes they don't feel like being petted and and they let you know
By what
Like they just ignore you. Yeah, like they they can take their claws and like that
Well, only if you keys them to the ball
But normally they don't scratch or anything unless you do something like pick them up upside down and uh-huh
You know, this is what we're all about. Although I always thought that it was a good idea to have a cat that wasn't
Declod, you know to kind of keep my little dog in line over the years. That would have been a good idea
Straighten his ass out in the hurry
Probably would have too. Yeah. Okay. Well, listen. I'm glad you're happy with your cats
And I'm very happy with my dogs and like those on okay
I also want to defend Irish. If I had a chance to run over a cat believe me
I got a very fast curve but I'm sorry
Please I
Want to defend Irishman also oh?
Because you took a couple shots at them
Irishmen are really nice guys. I've never dated anyone who was not Irish
Well, pasties though
My husband's not he's Irish. He's not pasties. No, thank God for that. How can she compare if she's never dated anything but
Yeah, that's true. Have you ever dated like a Chinese guy? No, oh the Chinese people I have very like very smooth skin
No, I just think I never saw a Chinese person
Well, let me see. I just mentioned that something to think about for a while, you know
I like what I have oh good excellent Irishman are poetic
They're mystical right drunk
No, not that is yeah
occasionally uh-huh and eat a lot of potatoes
No, not not mine. Oh good. Well, you must have the good one. I've got the good one. Excellent. Okay. Have a great taste. We'd art
She's got a cat and an Irish husband. I hate the Irish. Now what can I say?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. I always just had a power
A little surgeon here the TV went off
Thank God the phones didn't go out that would have been really bad TV went off though. Oh, I sure hope my TV. I broke the TV's broke. I'm going home
Let's see. Oh, no, they just came back
Look at that searching for satellite signal
There it is. Thank God. Wow man. Do we have like an electrical fart in here or what?
I told it there's something there's something in the air
That's what ThunderClaven Newman said these line on the we're getting out of our system now
I don't want to start like some philosopher now or some guru or psychic or something like that
Because I have rumor on the phone there this afternoon. He'll be sitting on the sofa in tears
Talking to the annealed a psychic when I heard that yesterday. I just I wanted to I wanted to sit down and cry
I'm taking financial advice from people who are hooked up with some psychic freak and with a shika vera be there with a Xerox stock
That's me. Call me a schmuck. I'll answer. That's my name
North Miami Beach hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today sir? This is El Shmucco
Neil I
I'm the guy that called you about the gun show the other day when we're talking about guns. Yeah, brother was
Brother I'm talking about in Tallahassee
He heard you on the internet. He said you forgot to tell him a couple a little
Of the other things that happen at that they do that they do with gun shows one of them is they tell all about sir
Come down take it slow you a little ahead of yourself. Yes. Yes. A lot of time. I know
There's such thing there's a thing such as that's called a wallet gun and if somebody I used to have one. Oh, yeah
They're great. Yeah, they're very hard to get and I was wondering I sent you some
Some stickers that
You could peel off and put on your car that were shaped like those
You mean the one that says choose your words carefully anything you say maybe throw back in your face with the vicious sarcasm
No, what would Jesus do probably kick your ass in the knock of your brusquies in front of the tube
Oh, somebody said we
Oh, each of them one said Neil God in the center of the fish one said Gfilta and the center of the fish and the other one said darwin
I thought maybe you would like to know I guess you never got them
If you like you mean sometime back you sent those. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Those are great. I did get them. I love them
Okay, I'll make another set if you'd like I sure would and okay, you can send some good filter fish
I like that all right and
Another thing that my brother told me you said when when I
interviewing our potential
People to work for the state red flags will pop up a date from time to time and some of the things are
You're supposed to be ever ever so careful if a
For guy who's applying for the police position was at one time a security guard because they're very dangerous people
Okay, they give themselves to emotion
They probably scramble legs for their half and more dangerous than the security guards of maybe the postman
Okay, listen have it right there. Let me go. Bye. Thanks. Okay. How about B Farber
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
How about Charlie Farber? Can he drive on? No, no
Here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing great?
I want to talk to you about that dog's an ecstatic effect of the tongue. Yeah. Does that work on him?
Works on your back. Don't matter. Frank. Yeah
Rectum is better if lyric king is available night. Maybe your dog can do you?
Thanks, sir. Okay. Good luck. Yeah. What do you think?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Well, that's right
This is another one of these hours with no spots good very few. Oh, no, we were limiting the spots too many interruptions
Audience don't want all those interruptions. They want to be entertained
So that's the new abesley way here. We're just done up to and then we can look at all the heavy baggage we're here
You're rid of most of that damn pain in the ass sales department. God
What about your losers get that to direct out the door
Yeah, if you're not going to have any spots where you need sales people for
And then of course there'll be no payroll because there will be no payroll checks
Because there'll be no revenue
5 6 7 0 5 6 and there won't be any phone story about breaking because we can't afford to pay the phone bill anyway
So you have to worry about fixing the phone hole. Yeah, see y'all
This is what happens when you have no spots. You don't have to worry about all these complicated things
And if we can then we'll just take up a collection to pay the electric bill to keep us on here every month
Yeah, and then maybe like a real company to come in here and buy the radio station that sounds excellent
And maybe pay me off. That was real good. Oh, no, you don't want that
You know something. I just saw that Justin Tinkerbell on there again on the whatever I'm watching here
If you really think that she's doing that come on you don't really believe that doing no
Give me oh and there was a blonde on it. I remember the travel channel I was talking about uh-huh her name was Chris something
I mean not that she's a celebrity
A young blonde in a bathing suit. I swear to God she made Britney Spears look like what my dog leaves in the backyard every month
I'm not exaggerating. She would make every man in the world forget about Britney in a heartbeat a heartbeat. I'm serious
blonde young about like early 20s. I swear to you and and this is the story
This is what TV needs to discover God bless the travel channel
Thank God that and thank God buddy bud soldered to somebody with some taste
Yeah, he bought that one day and soldered about a week later, you know
That's the government for and guess who the new chairman of the FCC is have you noticed that
No, I didn't know well. Let me give you a couple of clues. He's skin is a little on the dark side
And his daddy is the secretary of state
Really and his last name is
Powell yeah, so I want to start that I was ready to have a power movement
I was so shocked. Yeah
Colin Powell son is the new FCC chairman
And George W is going to get to a point looks like like the other four more FCC commissioners
So if you think that we can say crap now you just wait
Huh
Great. Yeah, that's right. You think they had a bad man the Navy had a bad mistake in Kuwait. You just wait
Mr
Because if you say crap
5 6 7 0 5 60 I have no idea. I'm in coherent today because it's good yesterday
It was like a good flushing out has been flushing Michigan Eric good down. Oh
So do you think those observers on that bombing range?
Got a bomb akin to you. That was a good thing. He's a good driver. What is it?
I'd rather go back to flamboyant down and talk about the great drivers up there. What and who's different Jody Jamison
How old is Jody Jamison 25?
Do I know my stuff what?
But the Kramer 44
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Well, you know, yes sir. Yeah, how about
From my past family dancer and billboard
Stanley dancer and Billy Houghton rest in peace. I know that both they were fine gentlemen and great to drive his yes sir
That's the talk I mentioned in the main stuff
The only ones that I really remember when I used to go to the office
Well, the only ones were for remembering. All right. Thank you. Okay. Thank you
See there you go. Let's get the old blue hairs out here for some harness racing talk. What do you say? No just a joke
Just kidding
How much a dick finebergers love and how you doing dick and believe me take a look at that tape five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty
Audit AT&T. I mean what difference does it make you know?
Oh hair frances. Oh hair Dan Oh hair Pito hair Bucky Dale Lord. How about butt foster?
You and bud baby? How about Jake Foster rest in peace
These people are like it's gonna be gonna be the talk of the town tonight around the
Dinner table in the mom morning around the water cooler in their office. What was that man?
Talk when I knew what he talking about
That's the idea keep them off guard. Just start mumbling a bunch of crap
I could I could just be making these names up. They don't know walling Hennessy from head Hennessy. That's right
13 after 1 they don't know Walter Ross from the deal Ross from Red Ross
From Rusty Range
Speaking of harness racing what a great segway to our pop it up our spot
We got racing for your simul casting every day seven days a week
I think it's really great on the third floor for the simul casting
You go up there and you get you a little seat or maybe you'll want those seats by the the ornable personal TV
And you can sit there and bet on high-lie and harness racing and throw by racing and just plunge your plunge your brains on
Then maybe have a little snack a little bit of dinner and at night time make a double header out of it
Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday like we did
On Saturday because you got a simul casting every single day seven days a week and live racing four nights a week
Monday went to the Friday and Saturday 7 30th Pompano Park this Friday March 16 and Saturday March 17
It's the luck of the Irish weekend at Pompano Park free prize drawings Irish food and drink using great dancing
Each night there'll be free prize drawings to win Friday only a trip for two to the crystal palace hotel
Casino in that saw and Friday and Saturday but why was this special golf bags?
C.S.Gate cruise tickets dinner for two of Pompano Park 30 gallons of or drink coolers
And something special from QA and the Troy still hasn't told them about both Friday and Saturday
There'll be corn beef and cabbage and Irish student or specials too. Well, that sounds good
And thank God I'm going to be missing the penguin game for that kind of spring in the stake in shake tomorrow
So I will get my corn beef and cabbage and also Friday night is the start of the 80,000 dollar valley victory trotting series
117 at 560 amazingly a book of blinds in the building and the first thing he said was mac McQuarry. I couldn't believe it
Here's Lauder Hill. Hello
Yes sir
I got some of these racing
Remember beer you all the names you throw in out and I'm just wondering if I had some names here
It's a memental from those raceway of the top drivers in 1953 was called the miracle mile
Yeah, would you remember that no okay Henry Clokey no Jimmy Jordan no, well, I remember the names, but yeah
Yeah, sure, yeah, in fact, I have a memental with that
I'm a agent had that great horse proximity. I got a memental also when proximity retired right they have the I have that too
And then of course Jimmy cruise right have he fits back all cruise. Yeah, yeah, you Bell cruise control
You Bell he was great
Remember at Yonkins, you know, you don't need to say get well with Bell right he was a catch driver actually
And Gene Veekel
He's just a Gene regal was great over Alan regal Bruce regal the girls great chart choose colors. Where how could you forget that?
And you know I worked for the man I worked for the man who owned one of the greatest trot as ever and what was that?
Neville probably never be pride Stanley Dancer now. We're talking. Okay. Thank you sir. Say goodbye
Oh, this is great for the four of us who know what they were talking about
Or is this man got a vast knowledge this meal?
See there's this very disturbing to me that in my advanced day
Remember all of these things and important stuff. I I haven't got a freaking clue like Madbox says I
I haven't got a clue. I don't
Ask me my phone number. I don't know but all this stuff, you know from a hundred years ago
I can tell you a chapter in verse. I can tell you what time they went the quarter to half mile three quarters
I can tell you how many lengths they were ahead by the top of the stretch
Here's call springs. Hello
Yeah, sir
I didn't hit through a backwards race wait
That's your warna and we're gonna let them okay. Great. Thank you. All right now
Let's start talking some important stuff. Okay, because we wind up actually discussing this we won't have anybody left by the time
Hank comes on at two o'clock
Something he would resent Billy but that was and then Hank can share with you his knowledge about harness racing
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 does he have any no pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line see for me
I like action lag on the track. I don't want to sit there like the third breath you sit there for a half an hour between
Races there wasn't a goddamn thing go it on there's no horses warming up
There's no nothing they got a few bogus a workout in the guy damn racing form
Which maybe they're right and maybe they're wrong and maybe it was the right horse and maybe it wasn't and you wait for half an hour
And they stick him in the goddamn gate and they run for like three quarters of a mile
Maybe maybe a mile if you're lucky and then I said for another half an hour
I mean go into the third words. I got to be honest with it is so
Boeing it's like
Watching paint dry. It's like listening to somebody discuss watching paint dry
That's how boring going to Thurbera racing is so when people ask me like my friend
Joe a tan and bomb which I saw in the airport a few years ago. How come I wasn't taking the
You back to a Gulfstream. I said Joe it's gonna take a miracle
Or maybe Gary Puckett and you and Gap well they tried Gary Puckett that didn't work
So we're waiting for the miracle okay Joe good guy Joe. Thanks for everything but bye-bye
bye-bye
Going over there to Gulfstream and all those blue hairs. There's 400 year old blue hairs hunched over the goddamn counter
Give me that three hardest to show I'll pick a dollar to win on the nine. Yeah
God
Here's a mobile in high a Leah hello
Yeah, sir
Venus to you
Talk about the castle
I can't are you want to spook your phone
Yeah, let me go off that please it sounds like crap
How's that better a little better. Yeah, okay, so we're gonna talk about what I said
You were talking about cats and dogs, but you said you want to talk about more more
Cats and dogs is fine. Okay, I just thought he's the little harness racing assholes calling them with these names from 100 years ago
But we won't have any audience left
Hey, I have both a cat thought
Certainly more youthful
They they snipped out cancer in some people there is using seeing I thought right I haven't seen too many seeing I can't lately
No, I
Love to say that, but I did have this one cat who was very unusual. No, he got to the point
He used to watch me go to that but I need to take a leak and
After a while he started using the bathroom itself. I didn't teach him that's right. No now. I'm serious. No
I'm telling you my daughter didn't believe it to she
After he came off a weekend with her mom as you know daddy
There's body thing in the closet. I told you this was a cat. I cat. Yes, Neil. I swear
So this is a body smart to know blondes smart of the cat. How does it can't be in a toilet?
So Neil just thought this this cat will do a lot of the thing
And
And the the cat was really smart. Yeah, I sure hope they never fell in
No, I said you flush it for but here's some serious. That's a situation
When my daughter wants to was there a mom on the weekend
I figured I could easily the toilet seat up now I had to leave the toilet seat down again for the damn cat. Yeah
But the dog in the cat got along great the dog's on the floor. He was a cat
She could the cat use something into the you laundry baths and I think and the
I'm glad you mentioned that that's a fruit for thought. I'm gonna go home instead never too late even
At least 12 years old. I'm gonna go home and start teaching my little tiny my little miniature pincher to pee in the toilet
Just send him a lot. Why? I just put him up there on the on the lid
Put the seat down
Maybe you can get a training seat like they have for the little toddlers. Yeah, like a real slippery one
You know, not that I'd like to see him fall in or anything
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's Evan sure hello. Yeah, before you shut down on artists. Let me mention schwarz that's Charlie Williams. How about Louis?
Williams
And Sherry Keith if you're gonna do minorities who's that Sherry Keith never heard of Louis Keith's wife
Oh, I didn't know that and no
Neil Carp now what are these people from they're from down here in the car? No, how about home or harper?
Yeah, but Charlie Williams
Schwarzeneggerly Williams. Yeah, how much hearts are Louis. It was okay. You like saying that word? I think
5 6 7 0 5 60 5 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Wow
How about Wayne Temple? How about Grand Quick?
What are you laughing about these are real people? I'm sure even when Marty ever called that day from Windsor Raceway
And I'm in King Gordon Fraser Jr
He said who and Marty Adler's been called races up there at Windsor for about a hundred years
Some of me even right nice god marty's a good guy
But I mean when I could stump grow Marty Adler
I knew that I'm the expert man. I'm the expert in the provert. Ignore mistake about it
Here's Miami. Hello, how you doing?
Look at and stick it
Okay, Tom nice hearing from earth. I'm Hopkins left the country
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. Yeah, and Verizon wireless line. Was that the muff that was just the one of voice?
I think that was my phone right? Yeah, sound like muff to me
Yeah, we got a little girl for a program director. Oh, thank you. Uh-huh. Muff
Our little girl. Oh, D Greg. How did you find out about Channel 10? How do you find out about it? It's a lawsuit Greg. It's a fight Greg
Maybe we can take some butcher pills for Muff you think so
But let's see if we can get one of those snake roll salesmen to send us some butcher pills for a program director
So we don't have to call a Muff anymore
Here's a lady in Wellington. Hello
Hello
That's good. That's great
Some somebody playing back a tape or I'd like to like the in fact
I think that the recorder was in the toilet speaking of having the lid down
Yeah, at least pull the lid up. Okay, if you're gonna play tapes in the toilet and put them on the phone
Really good stuff. Oh, that's right. We don't have to um this is excellent. This is out to what we do in true breaks this hour
Yeah, sure there's no stress. Yeah, and you know, I don't see one of the things if I have one failing
I talk too fast
Why do I talk too fast all the time like I'm rushed because I'm rushed because if I didn't talk too fast
We wouldn't have any goddamn show here since screw I decided we're on like 80 minutes of spots an hour
But now we don't have any spots
Because we're in a goddamn depression
So pretty soon we won't have any money and they won't be able to pay book of Ryan at all
Not that we paid him anytime recently. They haven't paid him in three months. You want to know why did they have the money?
Of course not they haven't got any money
Book of Ryan hasn't gotten paid in three months. What are we gonna do about that? He's gonna stand hold not on us
And I record that funny guy stuff that he records and then that one guy that hates him like poison won't have anything to bitch
And belly ache about you see it's like a chain reaction. It's like a fat stomato effect here
Yeah
So what tell we do about that?
Q partial and Dr. John Hayes
5 6 7 0 5 60 calm 5 60 on the 18 and T and provides a wireless line
Nothing to be finer than a day in Lima, Ohio
Hey, what was Joe Joe Mars Jr.'s hometown George
Finley, Ohio I was just gonna say that I knew you were
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I knew how worried buddy pretty good
Hey
New listener new caller moved in from Cleveland about four weeks
Sorry, listen my best advice is don't unpack my friend don't unpack you'll be so sorry
You made a bad mistake. I know I know I'm thinking it every day two questions for you since I don't know the
Tells forward to history with you number one is why I'm Trevor been syndicated and number two is
What what do you mean when the hell and no callers call and you say
Oh
Because we're hoping for the opposite that's what because you've canceled
The old father who's nothing but a
Carmage and he's a scumbag he's a piece of turd
Okay, and what was the first question about the one?
Okay, my lawyer's a goofball who spends instead of worrying about syndicating the erudish
Show he spends time talking about having people do Broadway plays about there about my life or some some stupid crap
My lawyer's a silly person. That's all
I
Was reading in a Forbes magazine or somewhere that people like Stern and I must make about 20 million years
They're possible sure absolutely wow. Yeah, wow
Wrong business great. They don't have to worry about having a crappy stock broker. Okay. Welcome to Florida pal
Don't unpack five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless lines several open lines here
Several openings no waiting tomorrow's big steak and shake day. Well, that's gonna be good
Don't let me forget. I don't know why my my standalone me forget. I'm reminding myself
Don't forget to bring in those penguin path tickets and what about the deal here with the
Thing let me just check it one more time
To see if there's really anything going on
Let me first check Wall Street. Oh SMPS up six how the hell is that possible?
I'm we have it like a green green day the Dow actually turned around and is up five
Is up four see if when I see in the next next up 56.66 turn it off right away dummy
Let's see 207
207 ESPN news. Let's see the crawl on the bottom any NHL stuff any big news any momentous trade
Any big deals pamphlets making any move any movement. No foul or otherwise. No nothing going on
See that's the supply me even they give you the big build up and then scored scored. That's it
That's the end
29 after one is five sixty WQAM
H.O.F. H.O.
Congratulations get a light
To the Hollywood's for the Torium
Warm again production presents the Neil Rogers review
Like stars Benedict Sterevich and the featuring all your favorite Neil Rogers players
Two whole hours of first Merry Minton song like the Grand Colour Melody
Oh
Oh
Joe
My
Where you belong?
Oh, I don't know about you, nobody but that.
You sound like mom.
You make her back.
You make any out of her age.
The other popular nickel will balance the hormone dust in on his feet.
Speak of my touch and my heart.
Hello.
Hello.
And Helen, try to keep it down with through and the bubble sensor.
Get off now, honey.
And high-boy the dancing machine.
I am talking.
Look at me.
How scared it is.
I am not scared.
I am not scared.
I am not scared.
Yes, you are wondering what it is all about.
When you spend the evening of Agony's interview,
that's the needle Rogers review.
Oh, that's a damnable, it all.
Better take gashy.
Very well, I know I am working on it now, but how about Mark Rismore?
560-705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T and for lives in wireless line.
We are covering all the bases today, boy.
We have covered from A to Z and everything in between.
I think today's, this is it, boy.
Anything you ever wanted to hear about.
Art Park, Zebra, Kitty Cats, Dead Dogs.
Here's the mobile at home, said.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
What do you think of the rest of them as a whole?
Let's go to a pop-in-o.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I need help with the IBS.
Yeah, okay.
Okay, one call after that.
Here's the mobile and Delray.
Hello.
Hey, no.
Yes, sir.
I was in the fire, John, about 75 over the weekend.
And it's something that I've seen before, a dog running loose in the back of a pickup truck.
Oh, I hate it.
I can't stand it.
I hate those people.
Those people ought to be shot with their own shotgun.
Well, the worst part, I have my cousin riding and my grandmother on the back seat.
But I thought we were gonna get it left because it's young for me.
Okay, well listen, I haven't had the experience.
I had some mystical thing on your phone because it's crept out.
But I have a nice life.
Okay, five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, let's get this thing started again here.
We got 25 minutes to go.
Can we do it?
No.
And see, they're excusing me.
Well, you're talking all those silly buggy horse names.
Well, you know what?
Too bad.
It's pretty goddamn entertaining.
You're entied.
It's the most entertaining thing going on in this town right now by far, by a million miles,
by a country trillion miles, make no mistake about it.
Okay.
Just ask me, I'll be telling you.
Even the smarts you're going to with.
Here's a call in Bokeh.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Ah, was listening to your show today must be nothing happening out there.
Yeah.
I was wondering with you any comments about Riley sending the two boys home that showed up.
This isn't this isn't this isn't the sports you're we don't talk about the NBA.
Well, I thought it was entertainment.
I didn't know it was sports.
Uh, but he.
No, no, it is not entertainment.
That's why nobody goes to see it.
That's right exactly.
Oh, okay.
Thank you.
No.
Call up one of the sports that shows I heard I'm talking about that this morning.
I'm sure that the rest of the day they'll be talking about that some too.
Nobody here cares about that about sports or ball.
Okay.
What freak ball?
We don't care about it.
It's crap.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the house are survey coming.
Which of these areas in South Florida is the most plastic, plastic underlined in italics in dark blacks picking the smarts?
The answer is South Beach 187 out of 182 votes.
So far 187 almost 50%.
Bokas the only contender 140 36.6%.
Way back to the gables with 24 call springs with 22 and coconut grow has a measly.
Yeah, votes.
How do you like that?
So it's strictly a two house race.
South Beach and Boka and the South Beach teams the winning hands down your pants.
All you steroid induced the phonies with a lot of jewelry and a lot of whatever.
Any street people are on South Beach?
No.
Two or three.
The girls name.
Oh, and there was a thing in the yesterday's paper that I forgot to mention about the bloom is off the rose or maybe it's in this morning's paper.
And that South Beach a lot of the kids are not going to the clubs.
Since they kept all the young people the 18 to 21 year old were off the beach made a nice move there.
See when you have young people from 18 on up, it gives the impression that this is a happening trendy hot place.
And when they start making all these restrictions, well guess what?
Then the people start going what they want to feel less restricted like right across the bay there in New Miami.
Where does all kinds of clubs that are open like to will be hours in the morning and more and more of the young people are going to.
And of course when you read that article and you stop to think of it, be precautions of that because South Beach basically is based on being the trendy spot where you do understand what trendy means.
Trendy means like temporary as in right now all the plastic, all the movie stars, all the celebrities, all the wannabes, all the people that are running around from one of these clubs to another making sure that everybody sees them.
Well guess what Miami beat today and someplace else tomorrow.
So what's going to happen when the bloom is off the rose and all those clubs are closed.
All the old people move back and everybody starts getting the hose.
I mean, all the people into our from the same.
See you're not your steven on my good material.
Steven on my from those.
What did you say?
Hose.
So anyway.
And seriously, then they're going to say, well you know that Barbara Kappett, man, maybe she didn't have yellow teeth after all.
Maybe she was wrong about Virginia Beach.
Don't need gamble or whatever the hell she was saying.
And all we need is our Ducco because once all of that plastic crap fades away down there, then what are we going to do?
Then they'll all go over wherever else, whatever it becomes hot next and you know how the fags are.
We go for the game.
We borrow less about five weeks.
You know, that's it because then we get tired of it.
We have about RC Farsi trendy, you know.
So then what will it be down there?
Retires.
Yeah, then we'll bring the old we'll bring the old Cubans down there.
We'll bring the old green tooth people down there.
Put back up South Beach to the dog, the kennel club back down there.
Turf pub.
Domino park east.
Yeah.
Fats domino.
We're in a Fats domino with the dog track down there.
Doesn't Miami Beach kennel club?
Oh, no, Schwarzenegger's a lot.
I'm sorry.
Robert play some of his music on the PA anyway.
Play some Pat Blun records.
He was on Dot.
Yeah, see, how do you see Bob Poker-Blime right in this morning?
Very snazzy.
Instead of the stupid many of this, he was bringing in.
He's pressing his own CDs and he's got the Dot labor on there, which I bet your Pat Blun is jealous about that.
And Billy Vaughan too, as in Taylor Long's Libby Moon.
Well, I'll tell you.
My memories.
I'll tell you yesterday, maybe it was the episode we'll see in that dog get off right in front of me there on Sunrise Boulevard,
which that was a terrible thing.
Maybe it was making that big comeback at the track last night.
Maybe it was losing those billions of dollars on the market in paper, of course, on the yesterday.
Whatever it was.
Maybe it was hearing that story about the rumors in the psychic and Jeff Cwang on the couch.
Yeah, ask Gives.
Why?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on EAT and T and Verizon wireless line.
How about Merritt Dokey?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Mr. Rogers.
Tony Voice.
That's not a phone.
Is this real voice?
Okay.
Yeah, I'll send you to New York.
You're from New York?
Yeah, I just came down.
Yeah.
And, um, Tony Voice.
Yeah, I was wonderful.
Definitely a phoney voice.
It's not.
It's a phoney voice.
I wonder if I give you a big kiss, though.
Oh, what?
I will.
Yeah, kiss this.
Phoney voice.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello.
Oh, great.
I got to follow that.
Yeah.
Terrific.
We like to make it easy for you.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, listen, I will quickly, um, not, why don't you add your intervals about the, um, Marlin's not choosing Boston's in your park to pick their, uh...
Oh, yeah.
I had a lot to do with that, yeah.
Well, I guess you helped a little bit.
No, I did not.
No, I had no, I had no, I had no attention to me.
Okay.
Okay, no problem.
Listen, but, uh, our mayor, uh, Crazy Joe says he wants to move up this game, boulevard, two, um, 200 feet or something to the east of the Bay or something like that, for the new city and park west.
Yeah.
I've got a bit of a specific for Crazy Joe there.
How about, if they take Miami, Banana Land County and move it where it should belong, that's not even out of stock.
What do you think about that?
Okay, great.
Have a nice day, pal.
We've had a real good show here today.
We're having a lot of fun.
Just keep it in light.
Not getting all whipped up into a friend.
You were the same old, tired, bullcrap.
See, I hate to break the news to you, sir, but a lot of us who live down here, we're tired of all that old crap.
You know, we're tired of it.
We don't care anymore about Crazy Joe and about Mayor Penga, Pakenia.
And, uh, we, you know, enough of that already.
If you want to do it around and dick with that the rest of your life, be my guest, you know.
We're, we're, we're going to enjoy life.
Nobody cares about this garbage.
About this, and this, this just repetitious swirl, you know.
Narotic repetition, that's what this time, yeah, feeds on.
They're yanking it.
What, what am I smelling?
Did he put my nail polish in there again or something?
Burped, a kind of burped that I don't even know that.
What, what is that?
He's like putting it all his hair.
I'll be moving on his head or something like that.
I think it's the grop, though, that you smell.
He actually groped like that?
No, not like that.
Oh, there's something in here that stinks like, uh, wow.
Like maybe Todd Dreck is back in the building because it smells like Dreck.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, now I want to see him.
Why does it say Baltimore?
There's another one here again.
We don't have one.
I want another fake call from Baltimore.
Hello.
No, not a fake call, though.
How do we have two calls in one day from Baltimore?
No, I didn't hear the other one.
No, actually, here's a double whammy.
Okay.
Groping Cleveland, move to four of Myers.
How's that one?
You did what?
I'm groping Cleveland, move to four of Myers.
Yeah.
That's a double whammy, though.
Why does it say Baltimore here?
Because I just moved out of four of Myers back to Baltimore.
All right.
Congratulations.
You're right in the rounds.
What goes around comes around.
The only thing we do miss about South Florida's year show, I mean.
You're not missing that much anyway, because four Myers has cut it down to two hours of
day anyway, and they're looking for other crap to put on there.
If they can sell a dollar or a holler, they take us off, hang off, whatever.
So you're not going to hear it there anyway.
Yeah, I heard that guy call about syndication.
Hey, you got the internet.
Two to the end, listen.
That's right.
You have one of the few.
You have one of the few internet sites you can actually listen to for more than 30 seconds
before the signal completely goes away.
Really?
So congratulations.
How does this sound on the internet?
Okay.
Actually, sounds fine.
Good.
Four hours a day right here.
Too bad there's not ratings, right?
Nice one.
Hey, we live in the old enough church bush.
Okay, thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0.
It smells like some kind of disinfectant or something in here.
Or maybe they're putting poison to the vent.
Maybe muffled, put them up to it.
Maybe muffs got the bomb, or maybe it's just removed.
It smells like booze.
It smells like Bob Ramuth.
Bob Ramuth, by the way, says, thanks for those great little burgers, Pete.
144-560-QIM.
That's a good one.
I'm glad you're blessed, that's beautiful.
Here with me up into the morning.
It's your life.
And then I cut my deep ear inside.
Where are my stenchels?
I'm looking on the bone out.
It's the way up by my diorama.
I mean, carefully place it.
My throat is in the back.
It makes me all different.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
It's the way up here.
Yeah, we know.
148 is 560 WQ.
I'm happy Tuesday to you.
I'm happy Tuesday to you.
Well, I just, I don't know what it is.
Maybe it's only me.
Maybe it's only me.
Call me crazy.
Call me crazy.
But I just have this feeling that the human race has turned
the corner there.
I feel like something gigantic.
I feel like something gigantic.
Maybe the BN that I'm trying to was still off till two o'clock.
Maybe the BN that I'm trying to was still off till two o'clock.
Maybe the BN that I'm trying to was still off till two o'clock.
Maybe the BN that I'm trying to was still off till two o'clock.
Maybe the BN that I'm trying to was still off till two o'clock.
I smell a tiny food.
Believe me, I know my sauce.
Now, what does that ponytail wanted?
What?
You have to be able spots are being taped today as we speak.
Right.
And he wanted you to make a cameo so that your beautiful pose
could be on the spot.
Like it was the last time.
Yeah.
Which, of course, they taped during an appearance, which made a lot of sense.
I'll think about it.
Is Tana gonna be naked in the shower there?
I'll think about it.
What is it?
See, look, do I have a nose for food?
And you wonder why I'm fat?
No, I don't want it.
From the moment that that stuff arrived out there, I said I stared like,
because we're yards away from wherever that is.
And plus we're inside.
I'm inside like in a closed studio with another studio where they're,
ah, I can't believe it.
I just can't believe it.
But I can smell all the way from out there to here.
Of course, actually, what happened is it's really coming through the vents,
not through the doors.
Oh, it smells really good.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, on the subject of the dogs and cats and all that.
Yeah.
I just wanted to let you know I have a female black lab with six confirmed kills
within the confines of her own yards.
You was not running loose.
And, ah, that dog ever had.
Yeah.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Okay.
What do you say?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And for eyes on wireless line.
You know, after I have this gigantic bowel movement at two o'clock,
I'm really going to feel good.
No, that's just like it's like getting the last vestiges of something evil out of your system.
Like Sigourney Weaver, you know, an alien.
Something horrendous is going to come popping out, I think.
Yeah.
Maybe it's going to be like many muffs.
Here's a mobile in Cooper City. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How's it going?
Okay.
Happy blood anniversary.
Thanks.
And, ah, real quick, a cat story.
I've done a dog personal in my life.
And, ah, you know, my wife brings home this cat one day.
Oh.
And I don't know anything about this animal.
Right.
So, you know, one day, this cat's rubbing against my leg.
And, you know, my wife's gone, oh, you know, look what the cat's doing.
So, next, you know, it's biting a hunk out of my leg.
I'm going to lie to do that.
Because, oh, it's hungry.
You didn't feed it fast enough.
It was biting a hunk?
Yeah, it was biting a hunk.
I've done it.
So then the next morning, it's, ah, licking my hand.
And then my wife's gone, oh, look, it's licking your hand.
And again, bites my hand.
I go, why do you do that?
Because, well, I'm not going to bite into a dirty hand.
Yeah.
Because you're not feeding it fast enough.
You know, you know what else does that?
No, not to interrupt.
But, ah, brudes do that, too.
Like, if you get a parrot or a perky,
don't do that, too.
That bites you.
Ah.
So, you know, if I go to the fire station one day,
and there's two little kittens there,
and a fireman are feeding it, and all that, and it's cold out.
And, the next morning, you know, I get a sun-my-carn,
and I take her up the bed, and I'm like, what the hell was that?
So, next thing you know, I'm not thinking anything of it.
And the guys are running out, and next thing you know,
there's a big kitten underneath where I had my cat.
It was an ad ashamed.
Oh, what a bad break.
So, the worst thing I did, I said, oh, well, the only thing,
you know, they say, you know, they say, you don't have a good cat,
they're dead cat.
You guys have a cockney sense.
I guess the message there is payback is a bitch, huh?
Ah.
All right, now have a good day.
Okay, thanks.
I guess my fault will be biting you no more.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60.
What? Now, what exactly is out there?
Because it smells just, I mean overpowering, overpowering.
What is it?
Pasta and sausage.
Pasta and sausage?
Who's there for?
I was probably for a hank in the crowd.
Well, a hank's not here today.
They probably ordered it.
Who's there?
They, the, the people.
Our co multim..
oppositioners?
The, the little boy coider we got.
Like, stugots and marquison burgundy, those guys.
yes.
chicken spaghetti.
chicken spaghetti?
good stuff.
see we're teaching he's learned how to get the free food nice going.
now what is your name?
Clinton.
what?
Clinton.
Curtis.
Curtis?
who's Clinton?
former president?
Clinton.
no what I don't know I guess.
I think that all these why can't you ever call anybody by the real name?
here's Clinton.
you're Clinton.
so I can never understand what that'll Hank is saying you know if he'd you know
you know we know we know you are look how ready to pussy is man to God look at
that it's a 10.
no it's not a 10 looks like it looks like a melanoma to me seriously he looks
like skin cancer and he turns around around that I'm serious you better see
a doctor man.
I've never seen anybody see he doesn't have a complexion for that much sun when
when you go on the sun you start turning red there's a message there the
Lord is trying to send you a message you don't belong out here son now too
much sun be bad
even though this is the 10 are building 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 and don't you think he looks out too red don't you get worried about
people are you looking for what prime time and you still don't belong on
the year here's a mobile in book hello yeah Neil I'm one of your five honest
people yes sir and I got really tax your memory I've been in and out of the car
hey if you've been listening today you've heard a memory that's pretty
them good I'll tell you I got a piece to be mentioned this is really goes
back to Alex when you're out of the race to rescue
and John before I never heard of either one of my heard of right act of
work yeah that was the kind of John what was that what track was that from that
was pumping on the early 70s and Louis Williams was just a kid I wasn't I
wasn't here I wasn't here Bill Peters was around you remember Bill Peters
Bill Peters from Michigan I had a horse that's what are called noble boy I
remember winning two dead heats in a row on noble way was a tremendous good
driver Bill Peters he was he was unfortunately he was so crooked that when he
died they had a screw under the ground but other than that he was a decent horseman
okay all right Neil have a good day and you too like how you like that five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and well he's dead I'm not
going to I mean you know he was good I cashed a lot of tickets on bill of
leaders good man Mike you know good guy but sometimes the talent skips the
great old man he was a he was dead he was a great driver at Poppins Park for
years James here he was fantastic and then J.C. is his son who's everybody's
good friend out there he it's good to generation J was you know he tried for
while one but I'm a racist in J.W. and one or two something like that
about 20 years and then J.S. on Brian is great not to mention how good he looks
but Brian cheers up there to me oh one of the time I bet you Brian's
services on your list or did you get rid of it already do you get rid of your list
oh yeah we'll do it again tomorrow or maybe not five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty it's true it skips the generation just I know what
that's all about here's a mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes sir how you
doing okay you know I leave the country for about three and a half years
because I was my job transferred me out of the country and I come back and
you're not an IOD and where the hell's built and we what's going on what
what does that mean what what what what what why would I be I still
have a reason for I read his child is in California he's syndicated oh really
yeah yeah if you're doing well though I mean if you get married you know anything
about his personal life yeah he got married are you waiting a book or what
no no I just I enjoyed you guys when I was talking to you in college and he's
doing fine he's doing fine he's busy bad mouthing me on his show but he's
doing fine well it's good to hear you and you know and I'm glad I got you
I'm what is it five sixty yes sir what what do you mean what is this this is the
only station that makes any there's sense anymore oh right and we've got much
of change at least at least for four hours a day anyway okay I mean welcome back
thank you I'm stuck here and out of here five what all looks like you about to
give me some very important information like you know like building this is
making a comeback how about Ted Taylor five six seven oh five sixty pound five
six how about Tommy win there you go isn't that a great name for a somebody
involved in in horse racing and gambling win Tommy win what was he a thief and
then of course there was Dell Purchase speaking of that well I should come in here
pick up your papers and ship out today Mr. Purchase okay and take the forty
thousand one last night and get out of here here's a mobile and pepper park
hello pretty good sir okay I was just cruising through Hollywood I went past
that Hail Maryhouse what's that today is today you're right how thank you for
minding me right before the end it is the 13th you're right oh my god they got
half the street closed off they wouldn't let me through I had to go and remove
the road blocks my son up to drive through so I can get to the bank well be
sure and give the Virgin Mary a big how do you do for us all right Gabriel
a personalized finger and told them when I get my holiday they can have theirs okay
so I figured we'd be but I just wanted to know about that thanks for the good
thanks for the memories
listen it's been
how do you want to hate the Virgin Mary or some Virgin
now the folks depends on you and the powers you pose at
did you say his life is like
