Wayam by Heavy Port Lauderdale, a B-Zero, a group station at www.quam.com for the world.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Roger Show in Lauderdale.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Roger Show in Lauderdale.
877 75 Niels of toll free code.
3.1 Niels of toll free code.
3.1 Niels of toll free code.
3.1 Niels of toll free code.
3.1 Niels of toll free code.
3.1 Niels of toll free code.
3.1 Niels of toll free code.
3.1 Niels of toll free code.
3.1 Niels of toll free code.
3.1 Niels of toll free code.
3.1 Niels of toll free code.
3.1 Niels of toll free code.
That is how the bitch went someone else's life.
Oh, man, the girl in love was being there, Jose.
And I found out when it changed me with a knife.
Why didn't that bitch tell you?
It was too dark to see.
She'd be in bed with her own sick.
And that's kind of this ought to be the only child.
I'll do a five, six, you have a happy Tuesday.
Boy, is this a great day or what?
For many reasons, of course.
A lot of rumors going around.
Hear the rumors?
Oh, that's what I'm hearing.
We'll get to those in a second.
A lot of stuff in the business going on.
A lot of radio stuff, which is good, because it's been pretty like stale lately.
Pretty brumant.
For example, thanks for bringing this in, Moth.
Moth brought me this thing from the end.
It's amazing how much different stuff shows up in the day tradition in the herald.
Then in the brown edition.
They probably don't want to put that in there because they were afraid I'd see it.
Well, sooner or later I see it all anyway.
And the news too.
Drive time, shake up.
This is written by my best close personal friend, Kevin.
And back there.
How you doing, Kevin?
South Florida's top country music station, WKISFM99.9.
A shaking up its morning drive time program replacing longtime DJs, Ron and Hershey Highway,
and Sonny Fox, with Don Cox beginning Thursday.
Oh, my God.
Fox replaced by Cox.
Cox known as Cox on the radio during most of his 30 years in the Miami-Fore Lauderdale market
has worked at a number of pop music stations, most recently power.
But has no experience with the country format.
WKIS, General Manager Joe Bell doesn't see that as a weakness, however.
So what's his name is gone and never stopped by to say hi or anything?
What's his name, Ys Bill?
Yeah, not so Ys Bill.
Who looks like he just ran under a lawnmower?
Never saw him, though.
He was the one who didn't say goodbye to you.
No.
Never came about to give me a kiss, goodbye, no tongue, no nothing.
Didn't even eat my ass.
The key to Cox, he's an entertainer Bell said.
He'll add a whole new dimension to the radio station.
Oh, that's right.
I think it's Sonny after that.
Take that away, whatever I just did on there.
Well, no, they don't need Don Cox to add that dimension.
If they just had Sonny on there.
We thought we needed to try something different and Cox does something a little bit different.
But Cox 51 has also had a number of run-ins with the law, including a drunk driving rest,
and the guilty pleaded charges of delivery and possession of co-cane, it says.
Charges of WKIS, we're not unexpected after January's arbitrage on ratings showed the station falling 10 places to 17th as lowest ranking in more than three years.
I'm up later at the station named Robert W. Walker, another veteran of soft-footed pop station program director.
So Johnny Darke, evidently, doesn't get the job.
Remember, he was on here suckin' around real heavy duty?
A couple weeks ago.
For that gig.
And it looks like he ain't gettin' it.
And Kidman.
But the reason he ain't gettin' it is because I think I don't know, do I dare say what we were speculating before.
Well, I have to because we'll get in this whole infinity broadcasting room momentarily.
Looks like we might be gettin' soo.
I don't want to start any rumors or get any of our bodies hopes up to orgies like you're doin' a dance in there.
He's squeezing it.
It says initially, Cox will be paired with Gator Brooks during his 530 to 10 AM shift.
Although KISS is, it'll begin a search for a female co-host shortly.
But I'll say the station's contract with the Hershey Highway in Fox will have been partners for 22 years and while 100 magic and other station is about to expire.
It's about to expire.
It appears to be with KISS in 1996.
But the contract's about to expire.
And it seems interesting that many contracts which you've expired or about to expire here, people are gettin' new contracts.
So the rumors that are flying around wildly, and of course all the locks on the doors here yesterday, being changed just to quench it.
Yeah, just another one of those strange coincidences.
And Bob Ramut comes in here, our corporate sales engineer, whatever all his titles are.
It says, oh yeah, we're up here on the third floor now.
We're always way behind the game and we know that.
And there are too many master keys running around.
So it's time to change the locks.
Do we believe that?
No.
No, pretty lame.
When you're working in a business and they start changing locks, I mean, either somebody who's had the master keys gettin' fired
or some major shake-up is about to take place.
Ain't that correct?
I think so.
Also, here's some more scoop that just came, some more proven scoop that just came off the wire here off the fax machine.
Thank you.
As previously reported on all access, KLAC Los Angeles will flip from adult standards to talk as the buzz honor around April 2.
When John and Kim's return to afternoon drive at Sister KFI will bunk fill Henry.
The KLAC's morning slot on Take the Way.
The show will continue to be produced for a premier syndication live in the afternoons.
Do you understand that?
No.
No.
The whole is going to be live in the afternoons.
Are you sure?
And KLAC is going to play it in the morning drive.
How do you play a morning drive show on Take the Way?
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, that idea tells like to me.
I don't get that.
And KFI, Night Host Tim and Neil.
Tim and Neil?
Oh, God.
Move to KLAC's afternoon slot.
I didn't know I was doing a show on LA.
Who's your friend Tim?
I'm jealous.
None of you.
LA radio.
I'll wait until you hear this.
LA radio.com is reporting that premieres Jim Romero from Sister Sports KXTA for a 9-A.M. to noon.
Former Puritallant Lionel joins for evening.
Oh, what a lineup.
KFI weekend to Wayne Enkhozon about some other crap.
So, Romero is moving from 9 to noon, which would make his show like,
oh, it wouldn't be any different.
It wouldn't be any different.
It wouldn't be no more than three still.
We don't want to lose Romero.
Do we?
No.
No.
We want to hang on to him for dear life.
On the other one was Alice Rantel.
Maybe coming back.
I don't want to start all these different radio.
There are people out there care about this stuff.
Alice Rantel.
Remember her?
No.
Yeah.
Is having intensive meetings with people during the Rana Wolf.
Don't call me Rana Fink.
Now, wouldn't that be great?
Be back on Stupid Talk.
Now, let's see.
Last time Alice was on there back in the infant days of the Stupid Talk.
He had, uh, what kind of a number?
He had like a point.
Behind.
Yeah, something like that.
I think there was a little rest on a point in the eye.
Like a point six.
So, the obvious question is, what's the point?
So, be that as it may.
There you go.
Without a latest radio, Scott, about.
How about poor come out yesterday?
Well, they dick without poor big time.
Now, let me just say one thing about yesterday is poor that I didn't think about.
That you came close.
You snuck around the edges of it, but didn't put your thumb on it.
And the fact is that the question, which public figure is death affected you the most?
It isn't so much what have they done lately or what?
You know, it's when did they die?
When did they die?
And of course, being a little bit slow on the uptick and being an old fart like me.
You know, I'm sitting here thinking, oh, well, JFK and Martin Luther Kuhn and all these people.
Well, I mean, unless you're, you know, fairly advanced like middle age at least,
how could it affect you when you were alive when you were born when those people die?
What a moron I am, right?
Yeah, I'm an idiot.
So, we'll get to the result.
Then of course, the Dale Earnhardt people really dick around.
I'm sure Joe Castello had something to do with that.
Nice going, Joe.
He must have some kind of a daisy chain going there, huh?
Maybe he got that worked up at the Swing Club.
Or maybe it do does.
Dale Earnhardt, he's got like 20 million votes, wait for you to this result.
Nice going there, all you did.
But he just did die recently, you know?
So maybe some of them might be for real, most probably bogus.
Nine minutes past 10 at 560 WQM.
So the fact that the station may be sold to like infinity CBS, I mean, are we excited about that?
Just a rumor, but are we like hoping to bring, I got my legs crossed, my eyes crossed.
George is sitting in there with Rosary Beads, he's rubbing his crucifix.
Man, just wait until I get to the chicken.
Yeah.
Got a dental floss.
Tonight, on an all new Touched Buy and Uncle.
Uncle Billy takes Timmy's second leg cross to the backyard to show them his left-hand collection.
So, Dad, you want to see my pet's nail?
That's Touched Buy and Uncle.
Tonight, on your PM.
At 14 to 560 WQM, our Subaru WRX, what does that mean, WRX?
What does that thing for?
That's for me.
Oh, our Subaru WR WRL clearance game in this, and I would like to have some idea what that means.
Our Hoops' hysteria contest continues at wqam.com.
Log on and start making your selections for round three at the NCAA tournament.
Prizes are beginning to wait after each round of the grand prize.
We know walks away with a thousand bucks in cash.
Criticious Subaru in sports, you ready to go 560 WQM.
It's the name of the car.
It's a WRX.
Oh, I see.
Well, I knew that.
Did I know that?
No.
No, I never heard of that.
So, our poll results yesterday.
Wich public and the board, a lot of votes, some of them were even real.
How many of those votes on yesterday's survey, you think were real?
Yeah, maybe.
Which public figures that affect you the most?
I'm going to start at the bottom, okay, and work up.
Jackie, I've literally got three.
Wait a minute, I shouldn't do this yet, because you know how many we got on there now?
1997.
If I wait another minute, we can actually have two thousand votes on there.
And maybe like half of them might be real.
Ha ha ha ha.
Man, this is our Jewish poll, yeah, it's real.
Well, sometimes it's real and usually it's bogus.
Let's see, it's rebooting right now.
Let me see how many we got.
We got up to two thousand yet.
One of all, we're pleased.
We got it.
Two thousand and three.
All right.
Which of the death of which of these public figures affected you the most?
You sat down and cried your eyes out, bald like a baby.
Just they're never going to be the same again.
Jackie, three votes.
Rock Hudson at five.
Joe DiMaggio.
Where have you gone, Joe?
That's going to be a poll question.
Anybody know where Joe DiMaggio has gone?
He died.
Sixth.
Michael Landon with seven.
That's not very impressive, is it?
Then we give a whole song of the length about Michael Landon, or...
Oh, that's right, they found out his name was Orva, it's who he was Jewish.
Melvin Monroe had only nine.
Jim Morrison, 13.
Lucille Ball, 16.
John Wayne, 17.
See, you thought he'd be like, wait down there in the bottom.
I mean, he'd do great.
But he had more than Jim Morrison.
John Wayne, the Duke, had 17.
The Duke of Crab.
The Duke of Buc.
Buffalo Bob Smith.
Hey, kids, what time is it?
Buffalo Bob had 20 votes.
I miss Buffalo Bob.
Even though he was kind of a creep, I guess.
He used to sleep with that doll or something like that.
Now, he was good.
Jerry Garcia, 23.
That must have been, I don't know.
I must have been sleeping when that all happened.
You know, the dead heads and the whole thing, Jerry Garcia.
Sometimes, I feel that part of life is passing me by.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I just missed it.
Didn't you miss it?
Miss what?
I just got a little bit of a time to talk about that.
I was worried about Bob and Kennedy, 24.
Now, let me just go back and say again, if Bob and Kennedy,
he was a South-Native in 68, along with Martin Luther Cooom.
So, 68-33 years ago, almost.
There was like in the summer of 68, almost 33 years.
So, let's say that you were like even seven years old then.
I don't think you'd have been affected that much.
You'd have to be at least 40 now.
If you're under 40, you would be affected.
So, let's realistically say you had to be like 12.
33 years ago.
We'd have to be 45 or over to be affected by any of the South nations of the 60s.
So, evidently, yeah.
Now, what's this pattern of that thing?
Oh, James, it keeps you rebooting.
You don't have to be cold under.
We got over 2,000 dollars.
Bob and Kennedy, 24.
Jim Henson, 29.
You're right about that.
Jim Henson, a little moped people out there.
Silly people.
Yeah.
I didn't really put that Jim Henson.
No, no.
You.
You're all chrometh that they can put.
I don't know.
Okay, all.
Those of us.
I'll be going up with, you know,
leave out.
Elvis had 30.
Not really very good.
Huh?
That's not very good.
Out of like 20 million votes, 30.
It affected me.
I got a big laugh out of it when I found out he died on the crapper.
Martin Luther Cooan, 33, which means, yeah, we got the fair number of old charges out there.
Huh?
Old Negroes, 33.
John Baluchie, 43.
Harry Carey, 45.
See, now we're talking.
That was my vote.
Even though probably JFK would have been a more honest answer, but I still voted for Harry.
Hey, Neil.
Fuck you.
Yeah, you too.
Charles Schultz, 58.
Kurt Cobain, 59.
And you don't want to put them on there.
Kurt Cobain, I had to argue and struggle the whole show yesterday to get George to put it on my list.
Frank Sinatra, 66.
Phil Hartman, 96.
JFK, Jr. 122.
That's because it was recent.
Yeah, but I know.
Yeah, you don't have to convince me.
You're a big magazine.
You'll never be the same again.
Yeah, that's right.
That's right, by George.
I still say he was in the Greek.
John Lennon, 156.
Prince of Diana, which this was the first flush of Royal Flush of Hony votes that we had.
Why should probably play that?
Do you know what that's called, Royal Flush?
Yeah, that's pretty sure.
And now, a Royal Flush.
Princess Diarrho, you in there?
Yes.
Could you bring Princess Mochisti?
Yeah, okay, bitch.
Yeah, so you think like a Royal Ball movement smells like anybody else's?
Oh, sure.
I bet you it doesn't stink at all.
Anyway, Diana is that I'll get back to you Diana.
186 votes.
She was in two in place.
You took JFK 207, 10%.
That's pretty good, considering, let me say again, 62, that's 38 years ago.
So that's got to be all from people 15 over.
All of the cogs is like me and much older than me.
So that's pretty good.
And leading the pack by a million pony votes with 739.
Nice car, Joe, you silly person, you.
I mean, 36.6% of girl Dale Earnhardt.
Huh?
Is that right?
Uh-huh.
Dale Earnhardt, 739 votes.
Now, that was the most reason when I will say that.
And then Yahoo's, boy, they get together on their CB radio.
The probably Johnny Duac was on a CB radio, spreading the word in Joe Costello and all these other Yahoo's.
Yeah, the Italian Yahoo's, the Red Neck Yahoo's.
Dale Earnhardt, never going to be the same again.
We're going to do screenless today.
I think George needs a little break today because you've got to get prepared for the rest of the week.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, thank you.
Let's do a screenless one.
I mean, I don't know.
You're under a lot of stress.
I mean, the station looks like it's being sold.
And so I don't know what that has to do with stress.
Sounds good to me.
But I mean, I'm going on vacation and getting a hell out of here.
So George and tapes and Joe, and whatever they're going to put on.
Yeah, Johnny Duac, whatever.
Is anybody got the box?
Don Cox and Teddy Fox.
Go, it's Fleet Cox.
Why don't you finish it?
Oh, I don't actually have that.
Oh, is that it?
No.
No.
Are you serious?
We still have that.
What we don't we do?
Wow.
That is.
I was telling somebody that just a couple of weeks ago.
How I sure wish we still had that thing when Cox was out in here from the Bahamas that remote.
That's a sure we don't.
Now, what a shame we don't have that.
Not.
Wow.
Maybe you'll have to drop that in.
And then that'll get Maddie Bell up here again.
If he's still here.
Maddie Bell, he may be one of those little ants, those little piscents that get to step on.
When they come in here when the real bell casters come in and weed out all these pony balones.
That'll be a great day for the Irish and the Jewish and the Arabs and everybody.
Yeah, even that goddamn Sodom will be a happy about that.
Yeah, if this all comes to fruition.
Naked newscaster says that sexy, not sexual.
This is good.
Changing clothes at the beginning of a show is nothing new.
The TV's beloved Mr. Rogers is known for taking off his jacket and putting on a sweater.
Victoria Stinclair also starts her web newscast by removing her jacket and more.
Her shirt, her scorder pants, everything goes.
Everything goes.
All right.
Four minutes into the show, she's standing totally naked except for the microphone hanging around her neck.
Stinclair is the star of NakedNews.com, a popular web show created 15 months ago by Canadian web entrepreneur Fernando Pereira and Kirby Stasnia.
Well, Clarence says it's true or getting sold.
Although the show's newscasters prove they have nothing to hide, it's absolutely not points.
Stinclair said it's simply naked people living in the news.
It's sexy, but it's not sexual anyway.
In other words, she's not like, you know, groping herself or like squeezing her nipples or...
By the way, how many times did Manda say the word, tits yesterday in the first half hour?
So, how do...
God, that was just...
He is just...
Yeah!
Unbelievable.
How do control.
So, working with this naked weather person.
To a sense, I hear an expression, something about lower than tits on a snake.
That was one of the great expressions I've ever heard in my life.
What is it?
It's nakedNews.com.
I'm sure that we're...
Knowing I've perverted audience out there, in fact, George is probably sticking it on there right now.
Well, the three female newscasters are in athletic shapes and Claircey.
She would not describe any of the most traditionally beautiful one.
Holly Weston is noticeably pregnant and plans to continue the broadcasting news till she can't work anymore.
Oh, God!
She's preggling and she's under naked.
Delivering the news nude is very much as if you come home and you're taking off your jacket
and she was talking to somebody about the days of incident.
Claircey says, it's personal.
Yeah, I guess it's pretty personal when you're standing in their naked.
nakedNews.com.
Crank that thing up right now and take a peek at it.
Now, here's our poll today.
Let me do the immobile in Miami.
They've been on a wild hoe.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Good.
A few years ago, I went to Paris and I went out to Jim Morrison's grave.
Have you seen that before?
Have you been there before?
No, I have not been to Jim Morrison's grave.
I've been there.
I've been 20 to 25 people around the grave crying about 1617, you know.
Right, it is on the switch.
There were never around, not even shadowed, 1617, or Jim Morrison was there.
He was kind of a cult figure, though, Jim Morrison.
Yeah.
That kind of, he was very much weirdo.
I'm telling you, it's much weirdo.
I mean, that's a weirdo.
What were you doing there if there were a bunch of...
That's like if you went into a swing club and you said,
boy, there's sure a bunch of weirdos in there.
Well, yeah, what were you doing in there for like...
Actually, we're hanging out with the couple and the girl loves to go to
the cemetery and stuff.
She's a weirdo.
Oh, I see.
I just want to allow him as well to buy any chance.
Yeah, I just want to allow for a ride.
Next week, it's speaking of Paris.
I'll be saying that the Paris of Vegas...
Yeah, great.
It'll be the first time, but it looks like a nice place.
You've never been inside?
Oh, I've been inside.
I just never stayed there.
Why see?
Yeah, that's one of my favorites.
I'd say the nice Venetian.
Is it?
Oh, yeah.
The room's by far the best room, even better than the Rio.
And that's better than the Rio.
I love the MGM.
I just love the MGM.
The MGM?
Yeah, I got married to the MGM.
Yeah, see?
Well, it's not too late.
Yeah, no.
I love the MGM.
I think the Viva Las Vegas...
I'm always going to regret the fact I go into the kitchen.
Yeah, I can see what you're saying.
Okay, good luck to you, pal.
But don't forget, eating a cookie divorce in Vegas too.
That's one good thing to keep in mind.
A cookie marriage?
A cookie divorce?
Or just a cookie, you know?
Squared, squared.
Any kind.
Here's how pulled it a day, as I started to say before,
so rudely interrupted myself.
Two-fifteen to Saturday, and that big nose, the douchebag.
I don't want to say Jew.
Alan Greenspan will be doing the thing with the...
The Fed.
The Fed.
The Fed.
That's the Fed.
That's the Fed.
And the markets right now aren't really doing very much.
They're up a little bit, but this is all very tentative.
And that's the proper way tentative of you, but everybody's peeing in their pants is really what it boils down to.
Waiting for Mr. Hatch out there at 2.15 to give us the good news.
Better be at least to have a point, preferably 3-4 of a point.
75 basis points, as they say, all these talking heads on there,
who don't know that they're asked for my elbow.
So as a result, here's our poor question.
And of course, I have a feeling that after 2.15, the result, whatever starts out, is going to change a little bit.
How much confidence do you have in the US stock market right now?
Four choices.
Number one, Watts.
It always comes back.
Number two, some, but I'm still nervous.
Number three, very little, I'm losing my ass.
Number four, don't care.
I have no stocks.
Huh? I have no interest.
I have no stocks.
I have no cavities.
You know, that's stuff.
How much confidence do you have in the US stock market right now?
Watts, it always comes back.
Some, but I'm still nervous.
Three, a little, I'm losing my ass.
Or don't care, I have no stock.
By the way, Beasley's at 15 right now.
If anybody building up, don't say yet, because when a cell goes through,
that thing's going to go zooming up there, I think.
I don't need to sound attentive or disrespectful.
But if you walk in the control room and see the orrogyz,
it appears as though he should have wheels on both sides of his chair, okay?
I mean, he's sitting there like clouds down.
He's so forceful in the radio and he's such a little like...
If he doesn't have a body gun, but he leaves the radio station, good luck to him.
He died.
He's got a gig that ain't too bad.
Same occupation as dad once had.
Close his eyes when he can't see pen.
Elkson to remember all of them.
Like the bus we had before, he set the same name on the oval office door.
He's in there thinking unlike Clinton.
I don't make this country wonderful.
If you have a George W, you ain't like kids dad when he pulled a 542 bomb bagged out.
It's to dumb up another bite.
If you have a scared George, then make him want to cry.
He's eyes when he goes to bed and dreams of the recount making smile.
With you a better one to hear him say,
To the thing will be wonderful someday.
He might promise us everything that don't need fiddle and he's got the chainy.
To blame if something goes wrong, once the press gets to him, he'll realize.
Be impressive and so wonderful.
Be impressive and so wonderful.
Be impressive and so wonderful.
1033-560 WQM.
We should have a countdown.
Are they doing the thing they're not doing it today?
You don't see how they put the countdown timer on there.
How many hours and how many minutes and how many seconds and then they play the dramatic.
Just calm down.
I think it's very app-a-pro and once we get some votes on here,
you're going to see maybe a shift between during the show and after 2.50.
Then of course you're probably going to see a lot of suicides if it doesn't come up too good.
5.67.
So anyway, before we do the screenest thing here today,
so Manditch also has been talking on here lately a lot.
I'm not the fact that he's positive that something's going on and looks like sales on a rise in the stock going up mysteriously there,
like to 16 momentarily on Friday and then to 15 right now.
And the locks on the doors and the fact that he's actually getting paid on time,
which has never happened during the time that he's been working for these people
and he's been screaming and hollering like some of the rest of the people.
He says usually you have to wait up till 90 days and threaten to withhold services
before you can finally read a little check of them.
And now all of a sudden the money's showing up on time.
Book of Brian after not getting paid for three months.
It gets two checks, not one, but two all of a sudden at the same time.
George gets like some back pay they owed him and bonus money in the crap.
All the news are coming check everything in there.
Because the rumor that I'm here and it's going to, the papers are like sign it's this week
I'm here and I don't want to bet anybody that works here nervous, you know,
especially people who aren't under contract.
But that's the very strong rumor that I'm here and I don't want to tell anyone who told me that.
Alice Ryan tells one of the people who came into town to spend the rumor but he's not the only one.
If it all came from silly Alice, I wouldn't have paid too much attention, too much heed.
But there are just all these telltale signs people getting paid on time, door locks being changed, etc.
And then of course the thing at kiss.
I mean what better temporary a body to put in there but don't coughs who's basically kind of like, you know,
Greg Reed's personal fill in whether it's on power whether it's on kiss or whatever the hell it is, you know, his cocks.
So I just mentioned that in passing.
Not that I want to get in the sports lords all upset.
And of course you see the tremendous success of sports radio on this town having seen, you know, the fans.
For example, what a big job they did.
Okay, let's do some screeners here today.
I'll request Tuesday as well because I'm going to spectaculate the word.
In fact, the Georgian hour like we're doing, we're dancing.
We like the gentries, we're just going to keep on dancing for the next four hours.
And what the hell not?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and it provides a wireless life.
The man WQAM.
Hey, why are you?
Great. It's not President Bush, it's resident Bush.
Oh, that sounds like Woody to me and it's a resident asshole there on the phone.
Right after I'm bad WQAM.
Hi there.
Yes, sir. How are you? Great.
I was calling to talk to George, but I'll talk to you instead.
You want to talk to George?
Well, I'll just pass a message to it.
It's in pass it on here.
Huh?
It's in pass it along.
Okay.
Unless it's a photographic.
No, today he gets his meat.
What does that mean?
Oh, does that mean today?
Yes.
Oh, George, I get this meat today?
Do you get this meat today?
Excellent.
About two hours.
Okay, he's ready for it.
Thank you.
He's ready for meat?
He's ready for meat.
All right.
He wants to put him out too while you're at it.
Okay.
And that's another thing that's put him out stuff is getting people nervous.
Now, the one good thing is that, you know, humans don't get sick from it.
The bad thing is that it's an airborne virus.
Did you know that?
Yeah.
So that's why they're so nervous about people bringing it back from Europe on their clothing
and on their shoes.
And when you come back from England especially, but maybe France and some of the other European
countries, at the airport, they're actually making you put your shoes in disinfectant,
even like Spraining, they're spraying it.
They're spritzing you.
You have to take out last shower.
They have last shower, yeah.
Well, that's why you're coming back from Germany.
Don't get nervous.
Yeah, it's only disinfectant.
That's what Adolf said.
But anyway, now they put a little Adolf seasoning on you before they stick in there in the microwave.
But that's the deal.
Foot and mouth and mad cow.
All starting in England, of course, because they're crazy in a bedbuck, because they're very
silly people.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hosing more has a problem.
Fake peepie, really bad.
W-D-Q-A-M.
I put these into the flag.
I do believe you are a fag.
Yeah.
I was short and sweet.
That was about two lines as all he could do.
That's a Jesse.
He said I could only do two lines.
Even O-J can do better than that, baby.
5, 6, 7.
Come on.
This is our looking pretty weak here for a screen.
Let's see what we can do.
I'm going to have to do three in this Tuesday.
I mean, ask no, no material whatsoever.
They just don't get it.
That would be the Q-I-M.
Yeah, of God.
Yes, sir.
Three things.
What do you think about this idiot owl sharpening coming to town with his bandwagon circus?
Can I give you a quick answer?
Yes.
He's an asshole.
Exactly.
Number two.
Aval.
I feel so sad watching him scroll these hatchricks.
It's like a total waste.
I mean, I don't want to see him go, but I think he's going to have to go.
I feel bad for the guy.
He's never been away here.
He's playing his brains out.
He is on fire.
He's absolutely on fire.
He's just assimilating right now.
He's smoking.
And it's like a one-man band.
You know, what's the point?
I'm not that shocked from the blue line.
I couldn't believe that.
That was just a semi-door.
Yeah, a freaking shot.
Yeah, a crazy, crazy, crazy.
Curtis Joseph still hasn't seen that one.
He doesn't know it.
And thirdly, you didn't mention Mr. Pissman, Johnny Dolan, go up, maybe 103.
He's on one?
He's on the whole new mega 103.5, which has been the old new for the past two and a half years.
What is that?
That's that crappy, didn't he?
Oh, what's used to be ladies, whatever the hell was that?
Another one of the disasters from people who are going to think are wolf over their clear channel.
And in closing, here's your kiss promo.
I kiss Cox in the morning.
All right.
I'm not bad.
Ladies, come on down on me.
We're having a great day.
You don't want to get your seven or a whole lot of trouble.
I'll come back from vacation to find out that Maddie Belder is short for 10 days.
Played what?
Out of that, I haven't.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T.
What happened to Don Cox?
He died.
Right on the ear.
And Sonny Fox?
He died.
Oh, boy.
Poor Sonny Fox.
He just can't catch a break.
But the fact that they're contracting to me, that's just very solid evidence right there.
That's something's going on.
I mean, okay, they're waiting and slipping all of that crap, but he's been on there too long for just to be that.
But if there's actually a silver one down, of course it wouldn't just be QA.
It would be the entire beastly, all the beastly properties in Philadelphia and Vegas,
over to the Halle-Botties station.
And then, of course, that would go to the beastly stock way up again.
Yeah.
So all these people who got like, Zillian's the shares of stock, they're the ones that keep them up right now.
They're just counting the money.
And poor muffin, they're trying to, I don't know what you shouldn't say that.
They tried to sell some of that stock on Friday and there were no buyers.
See, that's true.
I mean, like, you know, it's a lot around the building here.
No, yeah, I run the building.
There's a street corridor out there with a homeless voice people.
Hey, why buy some stock?
No.
Oh, no.
10.45 at 5.60 WDQA.
And here's our survey so far to the annualwadju.com.
46 votes in there.
How much confidence do you have in the US stock market right now?
Not after 215, but right now, after 215, then you can vote and maybe you'll change your mind.
I don't care.
I have no stock.
16.
35% of the stock has no stock to which I say, congratulations.
Some, but I'm still nervous.
12.26%.
That's what I voted.
Some.
Not much, but some.
But still nervous, peeing in my pants, crapping big time, enormous chunks.
The next choice, lots that it always comes back, 10, 21.7%, and very little I'm losing my ass.
18, 17.3%.
So kind of a mixed bag.
WDQA.M.
Hello, Nia.
Could I have some free hatches?
I could please.
Sure, no problem.
I've all played young Nia.
No chance.
WDQA.M.
QA.M.
What is it?
Yeah, George.
How you doing?
WDQA.M.
I love the one good.
I'm here.
What is it?
Okay, where are you calling from?
I'm Hollywood.
Okay, let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
How did you get the connector request?
Sure.
I'll pop that in once for you, Nia.
Oh, pop that in.
I think we're going to do the one.
Pop the magic wrapper.
Nah.
Okay, I'll do it.
All right, thank you.
See you.
I'm going to look for it.
Damn it.
Did we put that in here yet?
No.
I got to look for it.
And the bit too.
We'll get to it.
We'll get around to it, man.
Here's the relax.
WDQA.M.
Well, hi, I'm Neil.
And back to you.
Happy year, circus.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Has Scott lives out and gets three rounds each and seven rounds?
You can ask mine.
You've got siblings.
Actually, we'd like to ask her to do aware to ask you for more.
Thanks for having us, man.
Thank you. Thank you. I'm a little warning to you. Stayed away from Cooper City High. I noticed there's some
Sparkling at school now. 5.67. 05.60. I just mentioned that in passing. I mean, you know, just I just
because you know how that works. Two to the day, a hundred next week and then like the whole school all of a sudden
a month after that. It's just a very strange. It's just probably marking a scene. Just the way it works. I mean some people
can't read. They can't write. They can't add. They can't subtract. But they sure can. Multiply.
W to Q. I. M. Q. I. M. Isn't that said that's a line nine to. I'm most important line. W to Q. I. M.
Where are you? Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Who's this? Neil? No. George, you want to talk to Neil? No, I don't want to talk to that.
I want to talk to George. Well, that's that's that's that's what we give the phone number. You still on there. You want to see
the number out again? That's the other one. Oh, the other one. That's his boyfriend. W to Q. I. M. So pass the pass the pass the pass. Hey, Neil.
I didn't know. I was just talking about W to Q. I. M. Hello. W to Q. I. M. You worship Howard's turn. I know you do. I want.
You worship Howard's turn. I don't listen to Howard's turn. Yes, you do. I just like it. You want to. I'm very happy to hear that. I don't listen to Howard W to Q. I. M.
Oh, I don't know. I was going to find a way. How is what's your name? Robin to do. W to Q. I. M. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been following this crazy joke.
Crap. No wife is talking to China saying, oh, he did. He was talking to China and she's talking to China. Right. No, I don't care. W to Q. I. M. Hello, Neil. Yes.
How about the Crapitation content? W to Q. I. M. Hey, yes, sir. Can I speak to Neil? Please. Okay. We're calm. From.
Uh, Lothhill. Lothhill. Yes. Okay. Let's take a call from Lothhill. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. 47 year old black male from Lothhill. First time caller.
Oh, right. What are the questions? Please. Okay. Can I have prison bits for that meathead line? I don't take. For that meathead. Yeah. Now, I'll sharpen it. They're going to be very happy hearing you calling that. No meathead. Well, he's a meathead too. And you know,
I'll say to be too happy hearing about that. Who is that? Is the what's his name from all in the family? What's
the name of our blinder? Oh, yeah. They had fun to neck up. Exactly. Okay. You got it, man. Thank you, Neil. They say I love his cap.
Then what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. Because my love is so strong. They tell us we should be ashamed.
Well, that was, but then why? But I cherish each moment with you. I'm so glad you're in my life.
Oh, my prison, bitch. My prison, bitch. You're not like other men. I'm glad we share a prison cell. When lights go up at 10, I can't
get away. I feel now that would be a crime. As long as I am doing you, I don't find you in time. Call to a fine prison, bitch. My prison, bitch. And I have no regret. I got you for a
fr? Here,
but How do you all,
I'm not going to let you all my prisoners go.
Stand your prison victim, your prison victim, and your love, thank you.
I only have a very request. How about some gasoline?
I'm tired of this, isn't it? I'll make you a getter.
The prison fades to seven years, not a few times a day, and your prison is.
Your prison is union for many of.
Jimmy!
I'll be a rehearse, these markers that you sent me on my back.
I thought that I could raise a wave of now, I'm losing hope.
I'm tired of killing myself.
There is a place in which you don't need your prison bitch.
Burn up the light just I can hardly wait.
There is a place in which you don't need your prison bitch.
When I get out, I'll make you go straight.
You're my prison bitch, my prison bitch, I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all the others, too bad they had to die.
On the second boss I say that thanks, if you want me to, your prison bitch is never leaving you.
I'll never say goodbye.
You're my prison bitch, my prison bitch, I'll never say goodbye.
I don't know, that is not what I do.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
You're about to run out when you call this the pumpkin.
All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
Pop daddy, sitting in the chair, I'll call you a puppy.
Yo, yo man, yo, yo. Are you ready?
Yeah. Here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery.
All right. Pickery, dickery, blank. Is it A-Doc, B-P-E-C-Marina, or D-Inlet?
Whoa, man, it's $100 question, man. You're kidding me, right?
This is $100. For $100. This is a million dollar question.
This is the first one. It's only for $100. It's just a black thing.
Would you like to use a light bulb? Yeah, where do I go? What do I got?
Well, we have the asked the audience to $50.50 and the phone to friend.
Ask your audience. That's only one people in here.
That's $50.50 ain't gonna help me. Oh, you know, I'm gonna phone a friend.
Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery, right?
Yeah. All right, who are we gonna call, puppy?
Oh, my boy, old dirty bastard. Old dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty, we call him.
Our friends from 18T will get old dirty on the line, and hopefully he can help you.
Yo. Old dirty. Yeah, man.
Registra Filman from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you?
I got your friend here, puff daddy. Yo, dirty was that.
What's that? What's that? What's that? All right, all right.
Oh, what's on me? Old dirty. Uh, puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question.
It's the first time, man.
First question, and the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question.
He'll give you full possible choices. So you said,
Hey, man.
Next voice you hear will be his and 30 seconds begins now.
What the?
You dirty. Fish is off for me. All right.
Hey, man.
Decorate, decorate, blank. Is it a doc, D, P, C, Marino, or D?
Italy.
Oh, oh, oh. Come on, man. I don't got much time.
I know this man. I know it. I see a P. P. Sure.
But third, man. It's a lot of money, man.
Yeah, but third. All right, man. Thank you very much.
Time, man.
Times up, uh, old dirty said P. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question.
You know what, Regis? Want to poll the audience?
No, I like to add a lifeline.
I actually know there's only three lifelines of you with one you have two left.
No, no, no. I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one for the game.
And what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you say 50 50. What's he is? Puffy, it's stuck. It's a A. It's stuck.
My final answer is, it's stuck. And it's a good one. You got to arm it all.
What are you really, wife? What's wrong?
Show me my product, you know what?
You air in shit like this.
Up the gangster rapper straight out of the hood.
Bangin' J. Low daily. You know that life was good.
Packin' heat in the mose, working on their rats.
Everyone was living large till someone bought the cap.
Oh, homie lay their bleeding. Took one in the spleen.
I've he told the driver that your gun they don't seem.
You made the headlines the front page of the post.
Two packing biggie would be there if they were not ghosts.
Oh, Jennifer has left you for big asses gone away.
Now yours is looking finer to the inmates every day.
Up the gangster rapper had life by the balls.
Now he's looking at 20 years staring at the walls everybody.
Up the gangster rapper had life by the balls.
Now he's looking at 20 years staring at the walls.
One, two, five, six, eight, WQAM.
Xed off in Cecil Collins loses bid in court.
Still drunk from a night of downing Hennessy Konyak and Gord Schlager Likur.
Former Duff in Cecil Collins dove his SUV to an apartment complex in David and early morning hours of December 16, 1999,
with the help of God he testified on Monday.
Hear that? The Lord helped him.
Maybe it was...
Damn God!
Instead of going home to his pregnant girlfriend and child...
Let me read that line again.
Instead of going home to his pregnant girlfriend and child, he broke into a neighbor's apartment through the window he said.
I don't really drink clear white liquor usually, Colin.
Instead referring to the heart alcohol to consume that night.
When I mix liquor, white liquor with brown liquor don't come out so good.
He don't like mixing white with brown.
I also want to be willing and involved.
Then mix them up with brown.
Just like old days, I like it.
But now what comes to Likur?
Colin who was charged with burglary made the admission in a nearly empty brown circuit courtroom on Monday.
A jury hadn't been picked yet.
Collins was testifying during the hearing was attorney, such as press the statement.
He gave the police that morning.
They contended by 10 a.m. in the morning of December 16, they told police he just wanted to go look.
He was just looking around.
And I don't think it's still helped.
I just don't think it's just looking.
At his female neighbor, he was still too drunk to properly understand his rights.
See, there's a real problem here.
Because he should have been charged with drunk driving as well, which I don't think he was.
But if he's admitting that, that's already he's violating his parole.
Just drinking, he was violating his parole, but drunk driving, he was certainly violating his parole.
Which means he ought to be going back to the slimmer and new Orleans, it seems to me.
What's his parole for?
Again?
I can't recall.
He's had so many, you know, a few problems here and there.
Some crap he'd done over there.
By what circuit judge Joyce Julian ruled that the jury can hear the statement that Collins gave police,
Collins had telling them running back on the field, but a hapless criminal off it played six games for the dolphins in 99.
Here's your answer to your question.
See if you act if you just keep on reading.
He was not probation in Louisiana for breaking into the homes of two of the neighbors when the dolphin signed them.
See, this has this thing.
He likes to break into the home of the women neighbors.
That's all I want to just go take a look.
Remember that?
Somebody on this station was saying,
he was just talking about, I just want to go take a look.
That was funny.
Yeah, it was hysterical.
Like K and the godfather, she's hysterical.
Same thing.
Prosecutor Greg Rossman offered a plea deal under which Collins would have been sentenced to 10 years in prison.
Under the Louisiana Thirties would have agreed to wipe out the prison time Collins below there if he's found to violate his probation.
Collins refused.
If he loses this trial, he faces 15 years in prison here and another four in Louisiana.
He just want to go take a look.
In the during cross examination,
Rossman asked Collins why he didn't get lost when driving home from an unfamiliar neighborhood in Coral Springs that night as he testified.
I prayed on it to get back.
Collins said, I've been doing it a long time.
Rossman answered the Lord was driving.
I guess so Collins answered.
He was drunk of this skunk, but he prayed on it and the Lord drove him down the safe and sound.
So whether you're people out there, you know, just when you get smashed, just blitzed.
And you get behind the wheel, which of course you ought to be in jail for 25 years and take away your life and spread it for doing that, but nevertheless, when you get blitzed out of your mind, just pray in the Lord will get you home safe.
There's a good message for all your people to teach your kids out there.
Go out and drink, you know, get drunk as a skunk and get behind the wheel, but at least pray in the Lord will protect you.
See, that's the problem with all those kids and all those other people who are drunk drivers that get killed and kill other people that are not praying enough.
That's the problem.
The Lord drove him home.
WDQAM.
No, how you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, man.
Hey, honest opinion, do you think a man that could take over Hank's spot?
What do you mean do I think he could?
It's a move point.
Yeah, they can't pay him enough to do it.
Again, I think he'd get better numbers.
Yeah.
Can you play my inverse or something?
What is that?
The deliverance and breath.
Oh, my God.
Is that in bread?
Is that called in bread?
That's not what he's talking about.
He's talking about the Arkansas State Song.
Oh, the Arkansas State Song.
You mean this one?
Yeah.
He came up there in the tree or maybe just in the tree or both.
Hey, tree?
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it's true.
He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my uncle.
Joe, my mother is my dear grandfather.
He is very plain to see.
My first cousin is me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, that little retard up there in the tree playing the banjo.
You know who that grew up to be?
Let me give you a hint.
Great.
Yeah.
No last names.
Yeah, that was the little retard in that tree.
He played the banjo strumming out.
Look like he had it in the year where his tooth ought to be.
And his nose where his ass ought to be.
That was great.
Yeah.
Amazing.
567-0560, pound 560.
Think about it.
You know, for that short kite hair in the hole in the head,
scratching it, strumming on it.
W-Q-A-M.
Mr. Rogers, I've been curious.
What ever happened to a Teddy hole?
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Y.
He ain't coming back soon.
W-Q-A-M.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you seen this new movie out traffic?
No.
Just to show you how stupid all these politicians are,
this movie basically portrays the...
Oh, by the way, I found the answer to the guys' question.
He did.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
The movie's basically about the futility of the drug war
and the stupidity of everything that's going on.
Absolutely correct.
But now, a lot of these people in politics and Congress
and specifically John McCain have gone to see the movie
and just by seeing this movie alone,
they've decided that maybe they have to redirect their policies
and priorities.
But they won't.
They won't.
It's not PC in America.
They just won't do that.
How does it take these people to see a movie to figure this stuff out?
You don't understand.
They don't care about the movie.
They just give them the ellipse service because it's big business, man.
It's a self-property winning bureaucracy
and it's never going to end.
Unbelievable.
And have a great day.
Thanks.
Was that guy talking about politics?
No.
Oh, good, because I got scared.
He was...
Ah, like I told you before, the shot.
No, no, no, no.
Innerced.
Don't want to hear about it.
Makes me nauseous.
Interesting that Alice Rantell is in town that we had to call before.
Hey, Alice, perfect.
I bet you can get about a point two of you come back under now.
I mean, I know if I was working at KABC in Los Angeles,
I'd sure be coming back down here looking to get back over the station.
Got like fractions all day.
Takes the pressure off, I guess.
Just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just tell me what your problem is.
Baby, please try to forgive me.
But there you were in your window.
When you held on it made me harder
I think your mountain just made me feel more.
You can say it's a deep in time that I've become.
Yes.
I'm 14 at 5.60 WDQM.
Don't forget our Subaru WRX Hoops Estiria Contest continues on business.
The car is a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a car that's going to be a
So I think that the fifthumn Is here covered by
secondů
The fourth omelette teacher kindergarten is down here in Chicago bus stop terminus construction window
The fourth omelette teacher an assistant up here as well
That's where you belong
That's okay. Do I really care? No. W-D-Q-I-N.
Yeah, Nailed it.
Yes sir, speaking.
Speaking.
Nailed.
Yes.
I just heard you talking about that kid that played the badger in the liver.
Uh huh.
I met that kid.
We're up there in the carol, when you're on the news.
And we're in this bar, I don't know, 441.
And we're introduced to him.
Yeah.
And that little conversation with him, after a fashion, he was about half smart,
but he's four-year-old had to sell his band gel.
He was about 35 years old then.
Yeah.
Just a little point of interest.
Okay, thanks.
He had a seller's band gel, how do you like that?
Hey, that's your people.
Carolina's, that's your neck of the woods about your head.
Or that expression.
Hey, that's your dealer. North Carolina, South Carolina.
Yep.
Y'all come back now, hang out with us in the woods.
In my, uh boy.
You just go there because you have that property there,
and because you're too much of a schlepper to go any like real place.
Yes.
Okay.
I mean, that's fine, at least you admit it,
but don't try to pass it off like it's someplace.
It would be like if I kept going to Lithuania because I,
you know, you don't like the woods, so.
It all depends on who's in the woods.
Not myself.
Not if that cloud from the entries in the woods.
No, no, no, no.
Not if that baby's up there in the woods,
and then you're going to get a squilla like a pig for miles.
Oh, that's not bad.
That's at least these people ain't there.
That's good.
Or you'll be safe.
Like Michael, Michael Cullioni, where it will be safe.
Like a Louis, I've got to be a Louis in the Bronx,
with McCluskey and Celetzzo.
WDQAM.
Hey, Neon.
Oh, yeah.
Pretty good.
Hey, listen, I got two questions for you.
Number one, did you really, did you really spend over $400,000 on stock?
Or lose that much money?
On paper, I would like more like half a million right now.
Why?
Why?
I think you've wasted all that money.
What do you mean by that?
I mean, I mean, I did seem like an extreme amount.
I mean, I guess, you know, that's not in my business.
It was just kind of a question.
I know.
That's probably why would I make that up?
Although you see here forgetting, I'm like an old fart that's getting ready to retire in a couple of years.
It's not like I'm just starting to, you know, people don't seem to understand.
If you're going to retire and live more than like a schlepper,
you have to have a pretty substantial amount of cash for my investments.
Well, at least into my next question.
If Beasley does sell, does that affect you at all?
I mean, would you possibly have your contract tore up or...
Well, they could buy me out.
They could give me a check for like whatever's left there, about three and a half million,
which would be fine with me.
What would they do it?
Huh?
What would you do it?
If they gave me a check, would I take the money?
Oh, no, I don't think so.
Why would I want to do that?
When I could work for another three and a half years and talk to these great people every day.
Come on.
Hey, you're still too young.
Yeah.
Hey, well, I'm hanging in there and...
Play for me, pal.
Play for me, that sounds like a great idea.
Just keep talking about that.
You make me a good buy the station.
I have to see in their mind.
Have a rate, sir.
Yeah, you know, just write out a check by 2.7 million,
so I think, you know, something like that.
I'll even settle for a round number three and a half sounds, okay?
Yeah.
I'm the first guy that was...
Oh, no, you're not in there.
Just like my lawyer, hot shot lawyer, Norma Kenyus, today calls me up.
And, you know, we're talking about all these rumors and he's saying, well, you know,
maybe infinity, if it does come true, maybe they'll want to extend your contract.
You're going to get another bonus and extend it.
I said extend this, asshole.
That's exactly what I said.
Extend this.
Boy.
See, I don't get you people.
I don't...
I don't like...
For the life of me, I don't understand it.
These people really believe my life hinges around coming in here every goddamn day
and getting beggin' for phone calls and going through this, working for a bunch of losers.
Oh, if you don't have that microphone to vent, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Like last summer, the first, you know, the first of my yearly, my 304,
whatever, it's going to be a yearly, you know, two and a half months pay vacation in Europe.
I just sat there and he said, oh, gee, I sure wish I had a microphone on my hand instead of this, you know.
What's that in your hand?
Well, if I had a microphone, I'll tell you that.
You could talk and do it.
Yeah, you can talk into it.
Yeah, that's no microphone.
That's my chanter.
Hahaha, laddie.
Oh, God.
What are these people thinking about, huh?
Brother.
Well, you keep deluding yourselves, okay?
You keep...
I don't know.
And this guy, like, singles me out.
I guess he must be very young or very naive.
And I even just realized that there are a lot of people down much more than that in their portfolios
who are hoping to be telling like something before they croak.
As much as I grow test figures that is, and it is.
It's totally on paper.
And thank goodness number two, there's no sg's.com.
There's no ebay.
There's no, uh, Rosellumpriceline.com.
Etoys.com, you know, stocks that are worth about like eight cents.
Right about now.
Not bad.
Thank God for my church.
Now see, now he's going to take that out of context.
He's like, you know what, Neil said, thank God for my church.
Now that's not what I said.
I said, thank God, comma, for my church's sake.
That there's not that in there.
That would be the QAN.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, uh, how about that stupid talk that Rose Booger is?
Is this what I think he plays the best of that babbling book for the last seven or eight weeks at night?
Well, he had a baby.
She had a baby?
Yeah, you remember he did her?
Oh my God.
Oh, no.
Is there the children?
It's a live part four.
She had a baby and instead of being some, did she get married?
I don't know.
Or she just had a baby.
It's popular now, you know.
Yeah, that's what they do on your marriage, you know.
But she just can see reproduced but uh,
it's like anybody in a state of four to do three hours at night,
they got a book, takes a heart from the center.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Anyway.
But I bet you even more the tapes just are getting those same big numbers.
Yeah, point negative.
Exactly.
You've got it.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Babbling book had a freaking baby.
Oh my God.
You have to be smittening, man.
Wow.
What a new ball of wax that is, huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, pound 5, 6, 8.
Maybe sure, right, if I wax it, you have to also like that wax you build up.
The Babbling book.
I want to congratulate people, by the way, before the law of vacation.
You have to be, I mean, I've worked with and for and around a lot of people in this business over 40 years plus.
But you have to be the one single biggest piece of crap and loser I've ever known in my life.
There's nobody even close.
Everything you touch turns to instant pure crap immediately.
He's got the minus touch in reverse.
That's his middle name.
Not to mention, of course, being devious and backstabbing and lying all that stuff.
That just is like a sidebar.
That's a bonus in extra charge.
And like I said, and remember that memo that he said over us and I went on the air and he said,
I'll buy, see under a fake name pretending to be slipping me some information knowing I would,
I don't mind promoting your lineup.
It's fine because there's always it's tragic.
It's pathetic.
Sad is what it is.
And then he writes down there, oh, and we will win.
We will win.
Depend on it or whatever.
Yeah, we will win.
Are they winning?
No.
They got a number.
No.
They got a story.
No, they got anything.
Oh, no, nothing.
Zippity, do the 50,000 Watts right there in the middle of the dial.
And most of the day they came back a one-shear in any demographic.
And pigmeas, elves, leprechauns, anything or parts, nothing.
So he may not be good, but Lisa is consistent.
Peony Bulger.
He's an asshole.
And notice yesterday line six was like out of order.
Is it still out of order?
Hello.
It's dead.
How about that?
What do you mean?
I have no idea.
Well, line six is dead.
I did not read it.
W-Q-A-M.
Not still because it doesn't turn light up.
W-Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M.
Now he ran out of steam.
W-Q-A-M.
What about the Bulger steadily?
No, geez.
Oh, bro, I couldn't get out of here without that.
See, and I was the last time I was on the way to the airport.
He waited until after you came on.
Blind night.
Mind, mind, mind.
Whatever happened about the Fed day.
That right there, that's what was wrong.
That's why most people aren't in talk radio anymore in this market.
Right there.
You're responsible, Mike.
Look in the mirror.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That was a bad suggestion.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Do a little screenless here on a Tuesday.
Have it a hell of a good time.
And why the hell not?
You know?
Well, I'll just sit and back waiting for that big moment.
How's the survey coming?
143 votes.
How much confidence do you have in the US stock market right now?
Right this moment, as I speak.
And of course, you can see, like the dollar in the net.
They're both up a little bit, but just very, very tentative would be like a compliment.
I mean, just kind of waiting and sitting and hoping and praying.
Like Trustee Springfield, wishing and hoping.
Remember, Trustee Springfield, we sure miss her.
How come she was on the podium today?
Miss her more than some of those other bozos that won that list.
Like Jerry Garcia.
I mean, what is wrong with some of you people?
Jerry Garcia.
What a... God.
Mugwamp.
Yeah, like you were trying to say about John Schneider, which I'm still thinking about that.
I'm still pissed off about that.
John Schneider is a beautiful guy, at least he used to be.
Whatever.
Hey, exactly.
You don't know nothing about it.
I know beautiful guys.
Okay, also no beautiful women, but you're like more narrow and scope,
because you got that Cuban thing, you know?
I have absolutely not narrow.
I love the whole variety of good-looking guys.
Here's the answer to what Paul.
Don't care I have no stocks.
54, 36, thank you, 3%,
36% of the audience has no stocks.
That's why they're in such a good mood.
The other 74%, what a...
64% of us were not too happy.
Some, but I'm some of the stock that I'm still nervous.
There's some confidence.
43, 28.8%.
Lots of confidence.
It always comes back 28.
And the very little confidence, I'm losing my ass, say 24,
or 16%.
And they're also kind of a holding pattern to like you 215.
And we see what the Alan Green span and the Fed do.
And then we'll see how the reaction is.
And everybody's going to be like,
I'm not that bad because that's what it's for.
It's a bunch of crazy people.
A bunch of crazy people manipulating our money.
And you people out there that, oh yeah, that bush,
she's got a great idea.
You know, half our social security, we can invest it,
because the stock market's going to give us a much bigger return
and, you know, then social security.
Yeah, you should live so long.
I'm going to push my ass to the moon.
I think I've already lost you.
I think you're already gone.
I think I'm finally making it.
Because the top of my head looks like a cute doll.
I think it's already left me.
Try that size for the dude.
But not exactly was a spot now.
Got a body on it and keep it glued.
And it must be my jeans, because my hair's sent goodbye.
Gotta keep staples in good supply now.
At least I won't laugh.
You caught it much.
I'm going bald, that's the problem.
I'm dealing with all the harm.
Now there's nothing left on my dog.
There's an awful lot of curls on the harm.
You've ended the move.
It's all gone.
It's pretty much there on my dog.
Yeah, I'm what you call volatile free.
Now what can I do?
Well, whatever he's stuck, then that's the wrong cut.
I'd play by mistake.
I killed about a minute and a half.
11.32.5.60 WDQM.
The Vatican acknowledged Tuesday a damning report that some priest and missionaries were forcing
nuns to have sex with them.
And when some cases committing rape and forcing the victims to have abortions.
Oi!
Where's that abortion?
Some nuns were forced to take the contraceptive pill to be reported in the room at La Republika
Daily, newspaper.
La Republika.
The Vatican said the issue was restricted to a certain geographical area, but the report said
it cases in 23 countries, including the US, Brazil, or Philippines, India, Ireland, and Italy.
A Vatican statement said in relation to the news of cases of sexual abuse against nuns committed by priest and missionaries,
Chief Vatican spokesman Joaquin Navarro Volts had the following announcement.
The problem is known about and is restricted to a certain geographical area.
Well, thank the Lord for that.
The Holy See is dealing with the issue in collaborating with bishops, the Union of Superior's General,
and the International Union of Superior's General, they had the female religious orders.
While the Vatican did not name the geographical area, the report said most incidents of sexual abuse against nuns occurred in Africa,
where the nuns were identified as safe following the onset of HIV and AIDS viruses, devastating the continent.
How do you like that?
In Africa, a certain priest sought out nuns for fear of contracting AIDS with prostitutes, or certainly with those males.
So how do you like that?
So thank the Lord, that on you good Catholics, you obedient Catholics continue subsidizing this corrupt and grotesque and disgusting and phony and hypocritical organization,
one of the all-time worst in history of humankind.
I just mention that in passing.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Inforizon Wireless Line.
We heard from our straight priest yet.
No, we're still looking.
WDQAM.
WDQAM.
Yeah, got me to know.
Speaking.
Oh, wow, I'm screen was cool.
Yes, sir.
I did think to the next time Mayor Corolla was wife, Corolla 911, did I laugh her face?
Yeah.
Like I think?
She didn't call, she told her daughter to call.
Oh, all right.
And of course, she was saying the same difference, yeah.
Big dip.
Now she's saying, oh well, nothing to it.
Why didn't she probably got made enough as she couldn't refuse?
Exactly.
I think I was going to stand in real live.
What is it?
I think the next time we should use real ceramic.
Yeah, there are maybe just a teapot.
How did they pal?
567-0560, see these people that care about Joe Corolla, maybe it's just me, I'm just burned out on it.
I can't stand it.
Joe Corolla may have pinged up a canyon enough already.
That's another world.
Let them lose their souls.
WDQAM.
Johnny Dark H.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, yesterday there was one person that wanted to add to your list.
Yeah.
Ted Bundy, and I wanted to say, my penis is very sore.
You guys.
Okay.
567-0560.
I was just going to say, don't get too about it, I guess it's too late.
Tom 56 on EAT and T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Pretty weak response on the screenless.
I'll tell you that very weak.
WDQAM.
Oh, did you see Johnny Dark didn't get to gig over there at the, at the, what's it called?
Or Kiss.
So he's back on with us again.
WDQAM.
Hey, Neil, man.
I love your show.
A guy called earlier and cracked about how you're trying to copy hard.
Well, I don't think so.
I listen to both of you.
And he's holding in his way.
You're holding in your way.
How he doesn't show what the dozen people sit there, Adam.
How he talks about lesbians in breast.
I haven't talked about lesbians or breast.
And there's no connection.
Because both shows may be entertaining to people.
Why does that mean I'm copying him or anybody else?
Not at all.
It's just that sometimes maybe you, you guys will touch on similar topics.
And maybe that's where some similarity may come in.
But that, another guy, I don't listen to a show.
I have no idea what he's talking about.
Right, exactly.
And the other thing I want to say to you is that I love your show.
I think you're great.
And I shameless request.
You haven't played it in a very long time.
Rambon number four or five.
I'm with a friend.
He's never heard it.
And I talked to him about it a lot.
And I think it's hilarious.
Absolutely.
Ladies and gentlemen, is he Rambon pointed?
He's a good guy.
Oh, you.
John, Rambon's still alive.
I want to make movies for him five.
I like to go and play the Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's what I heard.
My penis ended never ever grew.
Rambon two was in 85 length.
Rambon three was in 88.
Show it.
It's ruined.
My God, I did not make a movie with my son.
He never said, show it in Rocky 5,
but they like a tunnel movie.
A little bit of cash is what I mean.
I gotta get a lot of fun to follow, Cree.
I gotta have a lot of fun with movie.
Or a brother show like an energy.
I guess nobody ever spoke up.
And we still could say he's playing the star.
My whole life is about to end.
All I got left is General Boff playing them.
Oh, yeah.
When did General Boff?
I need to make Rambon four and five.
Check it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script.
I can do dialogue or keep it there.
I like comedy.
Action.
Adventure.
And drama.
The only thing I will not do is I'm sex with a llama.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
Just to be out of it.
Now I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man showing pork Pepsi.
Basically I'm a unemployed chick.
A little bit of cash is what I need.
I gotta get a loan from the power of Cree.
I gotta have a lot of fun with movie.
Or a brother show like an energy.
I guess nobody ever saw a top lan.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
I'm not working to block the game in.
Oh, I got lucky stuff of Clayton.
That's why I'm ready to deliver.
I need to make Rambon four and five.
I'm so happy.
What do you want to hear?
22 to the know that five sixty.
W. Come, Hank's back today from Vegas.
He'll be on your at two from Flyer.
The Boogs threw at six o'clock on.
Briefly from six to seven because we got Panthers.
Preview of seven to seven thirty.
The Panthers at Montreal to play the hapless cut against.
They obitante.
At seven thirty.
Anybody going to be listening to that?
Oh.
And Eddie K after the hockey game.
Pop it up.
Park is doing every day seven days a week.
I looked at the results in the paper because I didn't go last night because
the climate weather was like the end of the world.
And I'm glad I didn't go.
But at any rate, Kevin Wallace needed like two wins.
I believe for a six thousand to lifetime victory.
And I think he got one.
According to what I've seen in the paper.
So one more and Kevin will achieve it.
Probably happen tomorrow night because he got live racing four nights a week.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday at Pompeo Park.
Simon Cass thing every day from noon to midnight to late.
We hours in the morning, including today.
Here's today.
Samo can't schedule a pop it up.
The highlight starts at noon in just over 20 minutes.
You got the free holder one o'clock, minus seller one o'clock five.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Seems I'm out of change.
Oh, once in a while.
She'd have planned ahead, but I'm going to be to tomorrow.
But then I wanted some marijuana.
So I can divide from other things.
I'm not going to see.
I've been caught on the street.
It's a necessity.
Not to keep you to see when you stop all the change I need.
She'd have realized that she'd have wrote that ten.
She would have known.
It's very a struggle all the way back home.
I'm not going anywhere to go.
That's why I'm asking you to go.
I'm asking to the man in the gold.
I'm asking him to lie to me.
But he is the bottom-eyed, the gorgeous.
If you want to buy the fridge, you can all make it.
Because there's flames only except I'm pleading with the man in the gold.
I'm begging him to lie to me.
He and the bottom-eyed, the gorgeous.
Maybe I'll be gone too.
I know the name in the candle box.
We're expecting a late night.
And I'm out of the frame of the way.
I need it.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
I'm dying.
Come on.
Come on.
Hey, show me.
Get down.
I'm dying.
Come on.
Get down.
Come on.
Oh, no.
And by the way, he's not the world's the wealthiest petafile.
Have you ever come up with that?
That's certainly the Pope's got him deep by a mile.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're doing screenless today, which of course, I'm a little bit too slow to understand that.
But try to do your best.
Try to keep up with us, you're okay.
We're going to love to see the fact that most of this crowd.
It's the purchase building, two and a half hours.
How come they don't have that clock on there?
Well, they're slipping around the gambling channel.
Who up the suspense get everybody all whipped up into a frenzy?
I'm going to show in a grid that briefcase this morning with Greenspan?
Have it a QAM?
A. Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're imminent.
Yes, speaking.
I wanted to make a quick comment about the Marlon Stadium here.
Yes.
I don't know if you've spoken already or not, but I heard word that John Henry is really trying to ramrod this through saying that if they don't get the stadium,
that there may not be a Marlon by 2002.
That is correct.
Well, how ridiculous is that?
I mean, they're in a perfectly good spot right now where three counties can access them in a perfectly good stadium.
What would you say to the point?
He made a bad deal.
He can't make anyone to do.
Even if he sold the damn thing out because the wind's got him by the short hairs.
So he made a bad deal.
He wants public money to bail him out.
It's the most outrageous thing in a history mankind.
Mike Mayill likes that a pretty good comment on Sunday morning for a change in its about time.
But no matter how many columns are written or how many words are spoken, the fact is it looks like this is a...
There were enough people smeared somewhere and this may go through.
Well, given the Marlon's new stadium is like putting diamonds on a whore.
That's an accident.
Well said.
Take it easy, Neil.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye-bye.
Yeah, they're on their same wall this morning.
They're, you know, they talk out of all sides of the ranch about, well, you know, we've got to be by 2004,
but at least by 2005.
And then John Henry says, well, if we don't do something by 2002, or if we don't make this deal,
there won't be any Marlon's here next year because the Buds here, they're going to say,
and we're going to, and of course, obviously Bud Light is saying that because this is one of the many things that killed the goose that laid the golden egg,
is always greed and expansion.
Putting majorly franchises and places that number one can't support them, and number two, they're ever going to have in the first place.
So there you are.
And of course, this also being the last year of the Marlon's contract here with WDQM, the fact that there's been no new contract signed yet,
that certainly would make this a much more palatable place to a lot of prospective buyers.
I'll take one more.
What do you think?
I'll take one.
Yeah.
You know, actually, they're worse with them.
I put you disappointed because generally when some of these rumors come up or any of this stuff is in the air,
this is a very strong rumor.
And also based on stuff we're seeing here in the building, we get stuff on the fax machine,
we get, you know, spy reports, we get stuff from inside radio, outside radio,
R and R, M and M, with somebody.
But nothing happened now.
They keep been, and you remember, wasn't that many months ago that all the rumors were really flying,
and we were getting stuff off inside radio?
Right.
And then, of course, they denied it.
Oh, no, it's not for sale.
We're not selling.
And as soon as they say it's not for sale, for sale, for sale, I'm not from the sire.
We know you are.
You know, over the next slide, we're denying it.
That is correct.
So here, what just came in will be your information on, sorry.
567, 0560, 0560, 0560 on the 8th.
But we're just, you know, soliciting a little bit of information out there,
because some of the people that work here that don't have any contracts,
they'd like to know how long they got a job for.
Especially if they just went out and bought a new car, things like that.
See, this business is famous for that.
They're notorious for it.
Oh, yeah, I'm thinking about buying a house.
I'm ready to sign my mortgage.
What is it, my job?
Are we okay here?
Oh, yeah, go right ahead, sign it.
You know, and then, like the next day, you get your ass candy.
I can't tell you how many times people in this business friends who might have had that happen to them.
Because the people who run this business are liars, they're bullcrap artists,
they're backstabbers, they're life killers.
They're not just career destroyers, they're life-fodders.
5, 6, 7, 0560, 0560 on the 18th, T for wise and wireless line screenless, so Tuesday.
Nobody QAM?
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
I got a couple comments for you.
Number one, it's about your poll yesterday.
I didn't participate in it.
Yeah.
Not because, well, I...
I had no feeling towards any of those people.
Number one, when my mom died a few years ago, yeah, I did.
Of course, if you could, in the future, if Eric could put a, like, none of the above there to maybe make it.
Oh, maybe.
If none of the above, you just lay out.
You know, you can just look at it and find it interesting or not as the case may be.
But you don't have to feel compelled to vote every day.
You know, without your bag, it's not your bag, you know.
Well, I'd like to be an active listener and participate.
I see.
You know, I'm...
I'm going to have to put out.
And I call my bookie and most of my money is out of the market.
Yeah.
And my money is mostly in money markets, savings, very little lasting market.
Uh-huh.
No, I'm relatively safe.
I hope.
Okay.
All right, good.
I'll see you under the bed.
He's hiding it under there.
Well, here's somebody that factions need the Alice Rantella biography here.
That's pretty exciting from the internet.
Do I want to see this?
No.
I'll give it a crap about this.
No.
Oh, no.
Doesn't mention my name in here about who to help put them on the air and the cash for this.
And this one did that now.
He challenges listening to do this and blah, blah, blah, blah.
I like to challenge listening.
It's not the switchboard operator answering calls, he says.
Yeah.
I'd rather be a switchboard operator, making a lot of money.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
What's wrong with doing the angry profit denouncing the hypocrisy of our times?
You know what I'm saying?
What's wrong with that?
WQA&.
Mill.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, here's a funny scenario with this stadium deal.
People say they want to put restaurants down there and this and that.
People that go to the games can't even afford to go to the games,
whether they have a stake dinner before the game.
Oh, sure.
And the restaurants, you don't make a profit for the first three years,
or they'll be closed in two or three years when they're 80 more percent of it.
It's a big eye story.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
I'm with you.
But like I told you a couple of weeks ago, if they do it, let them do it.
There'll be the last blood elephant that ever gets built in this town.
I mean, how can it possibly happen?
Only two rampants to put it in the corruption could this possibly happen.
Eight made an open line on a screenless Tuesday.
This is a pretty good slap in a post.
But you realize that and go the way I'm vacationed.
So naturally, this always happens every time, every single time.
Does it bother me now?
No.
Couldn't care less.
Couldn't phase me less.
And look at that.
The green arrows are actually pretty good, which is a bad sign.
Because every time we're making a little bit of progress, big nose comes on there
and just absolutely just destroys it.
Steps on it.
That would be the QAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Good.
Listen, pardon my ignorance about the subject.
But obviously, from listening to you and hearing what I've heard on QAM over the last few months,
regarding the stadium, I would agree that it's a bad idea.
I think it's been the money on some of the things that the public seems to be much more interested in, like schools and other issues of importance.
Yet, if they are going to build the stadium and you look at other cities, other real cities, especially other real sports town cities,
where you have a downtown population of workers coming out of their offices and whatnot at the end of the day,
and they usually can get on some kind of a subway system and go to a big stadium and see the kids.
And then, you know, you can see the game, whether it's baseball, hockey, basketball, what have you.
You don't have that down here except for the heat.
And, you know, for whatever reason.
And he doesn't draw flies.
It doesn't.
But I mean, basketball has, unequivocally, you can say this and prove it with every single statistic that's been shown in terms of people who watch this kind of thing in the last few years.
A basketball has been dropping in popularity, period across the country.
People don't relate generally the majority of the population happens to be white.
So, do you agree with it or not it is?
So, why do you think there are floating consumers about micro-coming back?
And they're just salivating because that's the only thing they have to hang on to.
Just like hockey with Mario coming back and going around and selling out arenas like right here that haven't been sold out all season long.
They think exactly.
I mean, basketball is a great game.
How long do they think that they can hang on to Michael and Mario?
They're going to play gold like 90 years old.
I know.
It's just not a substitute for a quality product.
And that's what they keep trying to do.
They're trying to sell dog crap to the public and package it as, you know, New York solo.
And it's not working too good.
And, you know, Manditch was talking the other day about how every single sport seems to be dropping.
People don't seem to be interested in spending as much money anymore and they're just interested in other things.
And I get to believe that, you know, even though I don't agree with building a new stadium, we're giving this guy anything free,
any business man for that matter, anything free.
We live in a capitalist society.
It's much the same way I feel about the monies that are given to artists and the NEA and everything.
I mean, the fact of the matter is you make a personal choice decision in this free country of ours to go into a particular line of work.
But you said even though you don't agree, whether there's a butt, what's the butt?
Oh, even though I don't agree with the fact that they should give the money, I still think that it would be a good place to build them.
Sorry, yes, the butt is, I still think that the best place to build it is someplace in a downtown area and that perhaps you would be able to build it.
But you just got through saying that we don't have that downtown here.
We're never going to have that.
Because if they build it near the riverside, where...
You wouldn't have to park. If you were working in downtown, you would have to come out.
But how many people working in downtown?
Oh, I would ask a good question. I'd love to know the answer. How many people do work in downtown?
How many people let them downtown? How far is it from downtown to the current state and that's up there right now?
How many of those people slept up there to see Marlon Games? You could stick them in your broom closet and have them left over.
Yeah, but you know, driving...
The fact is, I heard Matt is talking to other than he was right on talking about the omni and about all the different songs that are there that we're going to bring people up.
The fact is that for a variety of reasons, well only you and me and everybody else, people in this town are never going to want to go to downtown Miami.
They're not going to do it.
What if you're already working in downtown Miami?
Maybe I... Okay, I have a great thing.
This guy just wants to keep repeating this. Why does he do that? Just keep repeating it over and over again. Like a parrot.
If you're already working in downtown Miami, I have two three words. I'm sorry for you.
Four words, like I said.
Good luck to you.
Four more words.
560-560-0.560 on the AT&T line.
Of course, he started the call by saying, you know nothing about it. And you know what, sir?
Absolutely correct.
Right, sir.
210 votes on our survey. Pretty weak. How much confidence do you have in the US stock market right now?
I don't care. I have no stocks. 69. Some interest, some confidence, but I'm still nervous. 64.
Lots of confidence. It always comes back. 43. Very little. I'm losing my S.
34 out of 210 votes.
And we're just over two hours away from that magic element when he whips it out and the bear, whatever's in that briefcase too.
Isn't this pathetic? That the whole world, I mean, you know, Japan is going to hell on a hand basket. Europe is like a way out.
I'm pins and needles.
With the searchers, none of the searchers pins and needles.
No, that rich reminds me of my mother.
Oh, yeah. This is a subject that other girls want me to be talking about. You know what I mean?
It's a song that's on every girl's mind. It's her head baby.
The burden my hand is, it takes two hands to handle it.
When I jump, it flies like a fish. The gay guy's all are wanting it. When I wear pants, I tuck it in my sock.
But when I get chub and it's all the walk, if I show Ricky, he sings loud.
I'm going to be in his low guy. I've been elephant Trump Trump. Trump gay guys all want one.
One, one, like a picture of a punk. Trump, let me sing it again.
The elephant Trump Trump. Trump gay guys all want one. One, one, like a picture of a punk.
Trump Trump wants you to see my son.
He's the answer to what's so funny about it.
The gay guy's all are so funny about it.
I love to do that. We go to the entertainment.
I love to do what's so funny about it.
Trump Trump Trump.
You call that a penis?
This one, and then all you people know, how a stoner's beard.
You know, real high.
Like the after brownies.
Look at that fox of glorious.
And the agent I know is curious.
So I had to come up with some cannabis to talk before she was down the bus.
Come up with friends to love the pot every day.
You're gonna have to just can't stop one day.
We even took her up for the top.
So we're gonna bake five hoops up.
Say I flank my seats.
For my weed weed weed.
And shit works for me.
Freak, freak.
Get a roll again.
Say I flank my seats.
See, see.
For my weed weed weed weed.
For my bones.
Let me smoke past bones.
Baby, that thong of unbong bongs.
I love when I smoke a bone.
Just like she can choke.
Yeah, yeah.
That thong of unbong bongs.
Look at that fox of glorious.
And the agent I know is curious.
So I had to come up with some cannabis.
You smoke before she was down the bus.
Come up with friends to love the pot every day.
You're gonna have to just can't stop one day.
We even took her up for the top.
We're gonna bake five hoops up.
Say I flank my seats.
See, see.
For my weed weed weed.
And shit works for me.
Freak, freak.
Get a roll again.
Say I flank my seats.
See, see.
For my weed weed weed.
For my bones.
Let me smoke past bones.
All right.
Baby, that thong of unbong bongs.
I love when I smoke a bone.
Just like she can choke.
Yeah, yeah.
That thong of unbong bongs.
Hey, tell me man.
Yeah, your pants are right over here.
I thought we'd got conservation on our roamers.
We had to set them in.
It is by the beast.
It's gonna be the new general man.
Three weeks for everybody.
And that's got her beasties.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six feet,
five, six feet on the AT&T and for lines of wild response.
Instead of having a no smoking policy in this building,
we're gonna have a must smoke policy.
If you're gonna be on the air.
Make sure to improve a lot of these shows.
Of course, some of these shows wouldn't be on.
Is that what you're trying to say?
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Q-A-M.
Screeners Tuesday.
A-N-L.
Yes, sir.
So the good news is that the station is being sold.
Well, that's the rumor.
And it would be very good news, yes.
Well, the rumor, but you know people who know people that
they're pretty much, yeah, if you had the bad money on it.
Yeah, right now I've said that some of your money.
That's good.
But I was told probably he's gambling sports nerds.
I'll take a boring talk over what do you think about A-N-A-H-Points bread
and the French house.
Yeah, that's right.
And calorie capital.
They wonder why they can't get numbers with that crap.
I just don't believe it.
I can't.
I hear that stuff.
And these people calling you with those in-neen.
I mean, I get crap, you know, crazy people,
at least it's entertaining.
But that stuff could put you into a coma.
A sports talk show during a day.
It will be perfectly fine.
But 24 hours of sports.
How much?
How much?
How much do you talk about the same thing over and over?
Yeah.
I mean, now we got the way we got Ray Lucas and Fee J.
Fee Leroy and J.
And J. N. Ray and Fee Leroy Lucas and Lucas and Vee Leroy.
And it's the same old crap.
It's just the same football crap.
Yeah.
It's a couple months out of the year.
With a few other gratuitous things sprinkled in there
to make it look good, you know.
I'll have to say it's the sooner the better.
Okay, I think it's about two, three days.
5.670560.
Pound 560 on a year.
And like I've told you before, Hank can talk about anything.
He can do it like a general show.
He'll be able to have a lot more entertainment like this guy said
than those old Creetins calling him.
Well, what's your take on that Duke UNC game?
What's your take?
Take a crap, okay?
God.
What's your take?
W.D. Q.I.M.?
Well, it's called the New York City Resort.
The 70-Los
of Los Angeles last day in hell and hell.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're out, sunny.
A lot of rumors about sunny Rosenberg.
He died?
Yeah, politically anyway.
He's out.
He's only 123 years old.
He did pretty good.
5.670560.
And of course, he said,
the New York City Resort never makes a mistake.
Didn't he say that was then the paper?
Yeah, he never makes a mistake.
Like just when I called him,
he was disgusting, pathetic or fart years ago.
I was right about that then.
And I'm still right about that now, sunny.
Get the honey, sunny.
5.670560.
Is it pouring out again or something?
Because I heard I thought.
Huh?
And we need this rain bed.
Don't get all the price just because we got some paint
in the ass tourists down there, paying a lot of money.
Too bad.
We need the water real bad.
Because we want to start washing the cars and watering the lawns
and then taking a shower like 20 times a day.
Doing these things again.
Filling up the pool.
Peeling the pool a little bit.
These are the things we want to do.
So if you're stupid enough to come down here in the first place,
don't do belly-ick and rust at the weather.
It wasn't good in your timing.
It was bad.
Too freaking bad.
I go to places where nobody goes there for the weather,
or for the fruit, things like that.
They go there for like sex and drugs.
And I don't do drugs.
Let me say it again.
Let me make that very, very clear.
Crystal clear.
They go there for sex and drugs.
I do not do drugs.
Are you following that?
And I join you with diaphragm, okay?
Yeah.
They don't go there for the stick and weather.
If it's cold, you are a coat.
If it's raining, you get a guy down umbrella.
You put on your gruaches, okay?
If you want good fruit, go to Italy.
Go to Rome.
Manja, I'm a pasta, okay?
Manja, manja, manja.
And then go somewhere you can have a good time.
We'll change there.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yeah.
Yes, I am.
Yeah.
This is George.
Do you want to speak to George?
No, I want to speak to me.
I want to speak to George.
I want to speak to me.
I want to speak to George.
I want to speak to George today,
because he's practicing for the rest of the week.
Oh, okay.
I want to talk to him about stuff he's said eating ass.
Yeah.
First, let me say I have a great vacation.
I want to speak to you before you go.
Thank you.
You're the only one that said that today.
The rest of these people, they don't care.
Well, then I'm going to eat you.
I've been here for over the years.
I've been here for over the years.
Can they squeeze out of my pathetic old body, you know?
I was stretching up on my editorials over the weekend.
The newspapers and some things.
One thing I didn't listen to you yesterday.
Did you hear that, Moreno Hair?
Madeline Oh Hair.
Madeline Oh Hair.
They found the body.
Oh, that's old news.
That was like days ago.
I mean, we used to go.
Oh, okay.
We used to go.
Well, now they identified it positively.
But then it was her.
And that retired son of her is John Garth, worry whatever his name was in the daughter too.
Right.
And also some award winning woman from New York Times wrote an article that they published down here about Lionel Tate.
And she's talking about the kid.
And then she mentions the father's grief.
And she says he's wrong in saying that the kid should be punished.
Who says woman to tell her father of a dead child who weighed?
She says 48 pounds.
And this kid weighed 160 pounds.
And he was jumping on this little girl.
And the mother of this son was sleeping.
She was mostly babysitting the girl.
And she does nothing.
And she's an FHP, broad, this woman.
And she's walking away from there.
And this kid's going to be in jail for 20 years.
And now we've got Al Sharpton and Jesse with his illegitimate kid and all these other people down here starting up the old crap again.
And Johnny Cockling and all these other professional spooks down here.
Sturring the pots, stirring the pots, stirring the pot.
They just can't stop, you know?
And it's interesting.
You see this 15-year-old white kid that was sentenced to life last week?
You didn't see any demonstrations about that.
You didn't see Al Sharpton coming down here screaming about that kid.
You wanted to know why because it was white.
You're right about that.
There's no question about that in our country.
But I just can't believe that she's just counting the father of the dead child.
Like he has no right to feel that the boy should be punished.
And the mother of the, those supposed to be the watcher, supposed to be responsible, stand up and take responsibility.
Stick her in jail, put the kid in juvenile detention.
Put them in an institution where he can get some mental health.
Absolutely.
That's like $160,000, jumping out of $48 million.
That's just so long now.
He was just playing.
Just don't remember.
Forget. He was just playing.
Have a great day.
So come on TV. Have a wonderful vacation.
And you too. Come on.
Thank you.
There's a one guy that had the decency to say, hey, have a good time.
You know.
These other people give a crap.
No, they just want to hear I'm doing screenless.
So instead of like calling in and just having millions of calls about that, we get the,
woo, yeah, yeah.
There's a daddy.
Yeah, well, yeah, don't forget about him.
Oh, the last boy, man.
And that's one of the better ones we had today with.
I like him.
So, it's WQAM.com for all your cyber needs.
And the internet and computers now.
Sports radio 560, QA camp.
A.O. Man, what's up with Don't For Cut, Mr. Pro?
Father in law, would you get off my butt?
If your daughter's so perfect, why'd she marry such a putt?
Father in law, you think you're better than me?
I don't eat in cafeteria and I have table TV.
Always wearing black shoes with me here in the short.
You can play the bad side of the club.
You won't drive an import.
You look swearing in the movies.
There's many songs at the beach.
Everyone except Ray, it's an infinity.
Father in law, you like driving big cars.
Hey, hey, any music that has a good chart.
Father in law, you've got the eye on the creep.
But ain't clippin' coupons every day of the week.
I have something like you.
Don't go to the dog track.
And I don't drink hot coffee.
When I eat a thing back, your daughter's my wife.
I will not destroy her.
You're just gonna have to get over it.
She needs a marryer lawyer.
She died?
Pop 16 at 560.
So let me ask you assuming the sale of the infinity CDS or whoever it is, Cox, whatever.
Assuming that this does take place sometimes soon.
Knowing the beesleaves is the way that we know them.
I think they'll probably take really good care of all the little people who have no contracts here.
560, 560, £560.
That's one of the reasons that I mentioned this on the years because everyone's getting stronger by every minute.
I think maybe some of the little people want to be at least, you know, not paranoid, but at least think about this.
And a little bit of warning because you know the way it works in this business.
They lie to you and they lie to you.
We're not doing this.
We're not showing them where I'm doing that.
And then all of a sudden when you least expect it just like an IOD with our good friends and the Cox people,
oh well we tried to make money with you people and we tried and this is the waste of our time.
And here's the bug packs and then you know, you have a great life.
I'm sure the beesleaves will be everybody's generous that the Cox people work for all the people who just don't get picked up.
Yeah.
It was about 65 minutes pay I think, something like that.
And their best wishes.
W-Q-A-M.
560.
W-Q-A-M.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
My question kind of regarding what you're just talking about.
Don't you think that one of these companies that are interested in buying, they're basically also buying you with the talent?
Don't you think they'd want to bump you to FM and do some syndication work on that?
Oh right.
Sure.
I mean that's that's...
And Penny like an extra maybe two, three million year, that sounds reasonable.
That sounds like the most valuable part of the franchise.
Sounds makes all the sense in the world of me.
All right.
Well you know what you can do, you get to stick your ratings up your ass and you'll always have them.
Exactly.
Okay thank you.
Using other people's material.
What's that number?
The one that was just talking about the Mara Corn guy again.
Mara Corn?
This is the second time from that guy.
What do you mean?
I've written his number down before when he did that.
And you were doing his number up before.
Oh we haven't even done that before.
I can't wait for it.
I can't wait for it.
Okay.
We don't want that guy crying or what that from my ass will.
I think no this isn't him.
Okay what's this guy's number three or five?
You can be sure of that.
Of course.
798.
530.
530.
So if you want to call and you can like shout back and forth to each other with that guy.
Mara Corn.
Mara Corn.
Blue at all.
Mara Corn.
Mara Corn.
You have that for like $15.
Looking for one.
Right.
He's ever looking for a boyfriend.
Maybe just, you know, he's interested in eating ass.
560.
560.
What's that number again?
305.
798.
53.
30.
Is the Mara Corn guy.
I'm sure it's probably Von Will.
Yeah.
Of course.
WQIM.
WQIM.
Yes sir.
WQIM.
Hey Neil please.
Speaking.
Neil this is the girl beach calling.
How you doing?
Pretty good girl beach.
Good.
How's your diet?
You coming along okay?
I lost three pounds yesterday.
Sure I have a whole new idea.
Nobody believes it but I'm doing great.
Okay great.
I was just headed toward Miami today and I had you on the car radio.
I wanted to check in with you and make sure everything was going okay.
What does that mean?
Well yeah I talked to you two weeks ago.
I was there if fake shrink is that the one?
Yeah.
Another shrink.
The fake shrink.
But just the psychologist.
I just wanted to touch the other one that pulled George.
He was an asshole or something like that.
No I didn't.
That was someone else.
No okay.
I would never do that.
I was in Chicago.
You may know this but I was in Chicago last week.
I found a nice little stake out there that maybe you should try it if you ever get that way.
Okay.
Gibson.
Then it gives.
No I never heard of it.
Oh give it a try.
Okay.
And listen I have one request.
Do you have a song for?
You'll find some good media Gibson.
I got a friend that goes to school in Chicago so maybe over with you.
Yeah well give her the tip and see what happens.
But anyway could you play a little joke or a little song or something?
Would I make you feel better?
I mean you sound like you're the one who needs a little help today.
You sound very different.
No trust me I don't need any help.
I'm headed to Miami to give a caliper exam today.
It's a group of people.
A caliper exam?
A caliper exam yeah.
And is it a measurement of a personal caliper exam?
Yeah personal trainers give calipers and not psychologists.
No no no.
Yeah.
But anyway.
Okay you got it.
Get out of there.
There's got Tony Beloni.
Stick your calipers up your ass while you're having.
I hear you're worried.
I got to get out of some terrible caliper.
I got to get out of some terrible caliper.
I'm too much.
I'm too much.
I'm too much.
I only said you left with a god.
But my name is Nancy you too.
My dad bought us her slave.
In this Pack, in this Pack.
But the corruption is gone.
Iρι, out of the line.
Joseph Ayyell.
Yes, This is at your control of your.
You can just go to your control child.
Go.
You can just go to your control cry, Ho-ho-ho.
Yeah.
It was very sorry that she
We had the other caller police and he never saw a freight train and it wasn't a tour
called a T-Pot and it was a tempest in the Pissed Pot and you had to you had to you had to
you had to say a little tired crap.
560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line WQAM.
Greg and I.
What is it?
560 on the AT&T and we're going to Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
I'm a long time fan.
Just want to make one simple request.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if you played a while the alien and Jenna Reno song.
Alien and Jenna Reno song?
Yeah.
What does that one go like?
What is it?
It's like when I went to Arizona.
I think you had a self-hunting like all the other.
Some of the Martinez songs from a while ago.
I don't know how it goes but I heard it a while ago.
It was Jenny and Alien.
It was hysterical.
It was one of these.
Okay.
I'll try to find it for you.
Thanks.
And the bit 2.
You know what you're talking about?
No clothes.
How about sister Jean with the anti-machine?
That's one of my favorites.
Yeah.
But I don't know if that's what it's about.
I'm going to have to substitute sister Jean with the anti-machine because I have no
we haven't got the foggy.
And by the way sister Jean, that used to be your cool out of your cool chest and nine
pounds.
Civil of enthralling.
Sister Jean.
Who's that for a machine?
I was waiting for it.
None with acting feet.
Just a gyre of two to be.
It's two jeans.
That's for a machine.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Sister Jean.
Yeah, that's a good place that Joichi's got over there.
You call a cat in front of us and then when she died she left her, she will, and I believe,
to a very college.
And then sister Jean, of course, being the non-encharger or whatever else she is.
The big gigantic, a janitorino look-alike in charge.
She, uh, hunkered on down there.
That's her compound.
560, 750, 560,
Tom 560 on the AT&T Inforizon Wireless Live.
Kind of like compound W and works new.
Web to QAM.
QAM.
Go away little, holy no.
Go away little, holy no.
Web to QAM.
Hi, my name is Neil.
Speaking.
Turn that radio down please.
It's killing me.
Once was, uh, two, once too many.
Sorry.
I was wanting to play the, uh, Barney song.
Taking a dump.
No.
Old and tired.
How about this?
There you go.
That was Barney.
Thank you.
Feel better?
560, 750, 560,
pound 560 on the AT&T Inforizon Wireless Live.
I'm going on vacation as anybody can.
Yeah.
Have a nice time, Neil.
Have a great time.
We really love you.
And we hate you like poison, but nevertheless have a good time.
No.
And I'm one guy.
Just that one guy.
See, that's the way there's where you get taken for granted.
Then of course when the new people come in here and pay me off,
I might be a check for like three and a half million bucks.
And I'm not here like the last of the vacation.
Oh, gee, what happened?
What happened?
We only want to call them, you know?
You think it's going to make a difference if they call me if they offer me the three and a half million bucks?
They call the day?
Oh, yeah.
I'll stay.
If I get some calls.
Web to QAM.
No, they got their radio up again.
Drives me nuts.
You want to call me?
I want to call you.
I want to call you.
I know.
Can you play the great contest?
No.
Web to QAM.
I'd like to go.
I'd love to.
Web to QAM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time call a long time.
Parts for listening.
All right.
Got a special request.
All you can eat Negro?
No.
Call for it.
I'll play it for you.
5607-0560.
Only AT&T.
OK.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Web to QAM.
I'll play it for you.
Anyhow.
Yes, sir.
I hope you have yourself a great vacation.
Thanks.
And can you play trailer test Barbie?
Trailer Trace Barbie.
Is that anything, George?
Yes.
It is?
I'll put your brains on it.
Answer that.
OK.
Trailer Park Barbie is not in there.
Oh, oops.
Sorry.
Maybe I'll look for it.
What do you say, her at the end?
He said, have a great life.
No, he said, I hope you do something, Amsterdam.
Pension, brand zone.
See, that man's a freak.
Is Mel Bu Barbie a little out of your youngsters' league?
Is astronaut Barbie beyond her intellect?
Then you need the newest dolly from the tail.
New trailer park Barbie.
Wow.
Her face is plastered with makeup just like anything.
Hey.
And she's covered with rhinestones that sparkle like a gun lag in a new picker.
And she's got hair figured and lull of it.
And her blue jeans look like they was painted on.
They was painted on, both her brains.
Yes, she's a beard-brinking lion dancing choir, reading gun pop and nail technician.
A living double-eyed with six kids and her third-husband, Ken the Biker.
Why are all we?
His booster bigger and finer than.
And he's covered with studs that sparkle like a gun lag in a new picker.
You sure got a next fermented forge, Jimmy Ray?
Uh, that was a simile, similar.
New trailer park Barbie.
Battery's not included.
Kids, diapers, dirt, ignition, cigarette, empty six packs, the house coat, pizza boxes, more empty six packs, hairspray, boots, little boxes, and garbage, sold separately.
So what's the cyclotherapeutic going to be measuring with those calipers down here?
I'm going to break them.
Yeah, probably a lot of ass.
In fact, maybe Dwight Lottardell invited him down.
Before he eats anything he wants to measure it.
56670560 pounds.
Yeah, I've been on to do that.
56670560 pound, 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless One.
Thanks again to Eric, who's just a genius.
Did Eric help us find out?
Yeah.
How did he do that?
He's a magic man.
trailer park Barbie and George calls him up up there in the layout.
And it's a Vector 95 cut 7.
God, that's how we answered the phone.
For a fat guy, he sure has a good memory, you know?
Probably remembers the last 20, 30, 40,000 meals of the AT&T.
56670560.
That was me yesterday.
Yeah, right.
This morning, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, listen later.
Listen, Mike, please.
We don't want to lose you.
At least not for three years anyway.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hi, we're Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, what do you want to do?
Soon.
Well, we're going to have to come back in a few days.
We're going to miss you.
Okay, thank you.
You're welcome.
I'll be there to you.
Soon.
Tomorrow.
Are you going to be on tomorrow?
I got tapes tomorrow.
No, I'll actually be on tomorrow.
And then on Friday.
And then apparently two days next week.
Well, that's how we got a ball game next week.
Well, it's because we got Marlon's rhythm, huh?
Thank you, by the way, for arranging that.
Yeah.
Well, why not?
They came to me in the street.
Well, why the hell would you want to come in and do a couple hours before the Marlon's game?
I don't.
And they were asked so I said, now put the tapes on because nobody listening to the day the Marlon's games were on anyway,
even you know, making no different tools here, but it doesn't matter anyway.
Thank you.
Bring back John Kennedy, senior in junior in Jackie.
All three of them sitting here and promoted, you know, 20 hours a day and still nobody will listen,
because just just prefer they might actually catch part of the Marlon game if I catch in a foot and mouth,
you know, that kind of crap.
Mad cow, that's tough.
WWQYM.
Yes, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
a long time listener first time caller.
Yes, sir.
Well, first of all, I want to wish you a good look
on your vacation.
Thanks.
And I have a request possible.
I'd like to hear Donald Duck feeling good, I believe it's
called.
You got it.
Thank you.
And have a great life.
You took OK.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, that feels so good.
I just wrote number one.
I'll do so.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
I'll go get you a towel.
26 before 1.
Don't forget our Subaru W and my supposed to be
those may have been two early in the morning.
Our Subaru W RX, so Hoops hysteria contest,
continues at wqam.com.
Log on and start making your selections for round three
at the NCAA tournament.
It's going to be given away after each round.
And the grand prize winner walks away with $1,000 in cash,
one grand courtesy of Subaru W and sports radio 560,
WQAM.
A.M.
WQAM.
J.Feebler.
J.Feebler.
J.Feebler.
Tommy Fox.
J.Feebler.
Tommy Fox.
J.Feebler.
WQAM.
Hey, Neural.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
How you doing?
How you doing?
Hey, Neural.
Here to go wash it.
Yes, sir.
Thanks for taking my call.
Thanks for making your call, sir.
Listen, the last couple of weeks brought a bag of a lot of memories.
You've never listened to you since you were the first day you went on on WYNZ
on the daytime when you were reading.
You were complaining about the news and then nobody was calling and you started
reading the news.
By any way.
I remember that.
Oh, and you remember the...
You missed those Saturday shows, huh?
No, all of the brothers.
You used to work at Midnight on Friday, Monday through Friday, eight to Midnight, and then
I had to come and set it any more to you at 10 o'clock show.
That was brilliant programming.
And it was like nobody calling either.
It was terrible.
Right.
Just like now, yeah.
Yeah.
I was wondering on those tapes that Mr. Majors brought in.
At one time you lost run around you.
Yeah.
You ever find that?
That's that's it.
That's song.
What about you?
Yeah.
You had to be a year ago with some to the...
Did the young run around too?
Now, that must have been on some other show.
Here's my story.
It's way...
It's true.
About a missho...
That I want to be...
He's so cute for sure.
He's right around.
Oh, here's everything.
He's moving down.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
It was in the moment that the practice starts.
I'm going to have to get through the bathroom yet.
This is the biggest bathroom in the world.
Now, who's going to be the water?
A little bit.
A little bit.
The bathroom is a little bit.
There's some more.
I've been told it's probably not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
I've been told it's not a good enough room.
45 at 560 WQM Hank Oberg at Flagler 2 o'clock this afternoon, the big guy
Booster, a big orange head at the 6607 briefly. That's enough. Panther
peepers 7 o'clock, 730 to Panthers at the Montreal play lot of the
Connidians, Le Abbotant, to a desperate team, to sad excuses, and then after the
game we got 80K. And that's the lineup. That's it. Take it or leave it. 292 votes
on our survey so far. How much confidence do you have in the US stock market
right now? Are you like sitting on the edge of your seat? Are you peeing in your
pants? Are you like taking gigantic wild diarrhea? What's the deal? Don't care. I
have no stocks. A hundred out of 293. It's 34.1% of you when I envy you, you have no
idea. You have no idea. So about a third of this audience has no stock. Some
confidence, but I'm still nervous. That was my vote and believe me, that was
generous at best. 79, 26.9%. Lots of confidence. The market always comes back.
It's you dummy. 57, 19.4%. Very little confidence. I'm losing my
my back to S. 57 also. Time for two, but 19.4%. So you put that all together. And
it's not a really pretty picture. So I'll wait and see what old Alan does this
afternoon at 2.15. Since he destroyed it, since he put the braid, the emergency
break on, and just butcher the economy. We'll see if he brings the scotch tape and
laparages glue and stuff, put the pieces back together. Which he damn well better
do. Rhymes with two. 567.0560. Pond 560. Here's somebody WQAM. Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir. Just a little of the style just up is getting close. You still have the old
Vydequay one to two hour. Sure. Can we hear that? Oh, you don't have to wait till
one o'clock. We can hear it now. That's all right. That's all right. I didn't know if
I'd be able to catch you before that. Sure. You got it. All right. Thank you.
And how to read life. Let me tell you something. The only thing bigger than the one to two
hour is that Debbie Alice. Oh, is she a cow? Oh, she doesn't play that is because nobody
knows who Debbie Ellis is anymore. Alice, I tell you what, no Debbie Ellis. Yeah, they
failed to get that. I mean, work together. Big, fat old Debbie Ellis. I'm not the one
of those people who came here and just did she make any impact at all? No, no. She
made less impact on Joyce Kaufman, which is really saying something. I just like saying
the name of the way she says Joyce Kaufman. Why do they say it like that? Create so much
damn anti-Semitism. WDQIM. Hey, me up. Yes, sir. This couple of 20 AC guys want to hear
Butterfly kisses. Okay. Okay. Now what Butterfly kisses? I think it's Debbie. Yeah, you
know. Daddy, you're loser. I went back home in my tent. I think Mommy treats
on you.
Hi, coordinate watergear.
I'm going to get a job.
Daddy, he's not here.
I'm dropping out of high school.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
I don't know who the father is.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Hey, I'll buy a toast for the bride and girls.
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
And I'll give her away.
Dad, that's my ass.
I think I have siffle.
Hey, Pop.
We're moving in.
And butterfly kisser.
Dad, I have news.
I'm a lesbian.
You'll never have to a lesbian spoken.
You can pick your friends.
You can pick your always.
You can even pick your relatives.
Boy, if that ain't the truth.
Thank you very much, Vanessa.
And man, we appreciate that very much.
George will be taking that home as usually.
Yeah, I'm not touching that meat.
I'm not the...
You know what, day meat?
I don't like gaming meat.
No.
Especially these days.
That's putting mouth and hoof and rectum, that's not.
But thank you very much.
560-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good.
First of all, I'd just like to wish you a happy vacation.
Thank you so much.
I'm going to have a wonderful time in spite of some of these people.
You do that.
I'll fix them off.
I will do it.
I'm so jealous of you.
I've got anybody to call you on this information today.
But I don't know if you knew today was Bobby Ors 53rd.
Really?
Yeah, it is.
Today's Bobby Ors 53rd.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
I'm so jealous of you.
All of the English words that begin with a leather F,
because the only word that is referred to as the F word,
it's the one magical word.
Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate, and love.
F*** as most words in the English language is derived from German,
the word flikken, which means to strike.
In English, F*** falls into many grammatical categories
as a transitive verb, for instance.
John F*** surely.
His meaning is not always sexual.
It can be used as an adjective, such as,
John's doing all the f***ing work.
As part of an adverb, surely talks to f***ing much.
As an adverb, enhancing an adjective,
surely is f***ing beautiful.
As a noun, I don't give a f***ing.
As part of a word, have so f***en loosely or in f***ing incredible.
And as almost every word in a sentence,
f*** the f***ing f***ers.
As you must realize, there aren't too many words with the versatility of f***ing.
As in these examples describing situations such as,
fraud, I got f***ed to be used carol art.
This may, or f*** it, trouble.
I guess I'm really f***ed now.
Aggression, don't f*** with me, buddy.
This missile, why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself.
I'm sure you can think of many more examples.
Say it loudly and proudly.
F*** you.
F*** you.
F*** you.
F*** you.
F*** you.
F*** you.
F***ing.
F*** you.
F*** you.
F*** you.
F*** you.
F*** you.
Yeah, he died. He's still dead. 1255 at 5.50 at Overdick U.I.M. Happy Tuesday, too. One of the
great days in history. So, when I think about the rumors of infinity, by an association,
Brian, we have to think of that. Yeah, everybody's given a standing ovation. Not if,
I mean, I don't want to be easily to take it personal. I'll tell you, we especially don't want
to take it personal. No, not him, because that would be bad. I mean, it would be right, but,
you know, don't take it personal unless you want to. WQ-I-M. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing?
Great. It's been about a year since I talked to you, but this is George Kelly. How you doing,
George? Good. I just got that man from myself. Yeah, I'm just leaving. How do you like that?
No, I'm staying home. A place. Compared to this armpit, you know, a little bit. I guess you know
about the all-erode construction going on there, right? Yes, I do. Yeah. How was there in January?
Yeah, so, you know. I don't know. You see, they do the smart thing over there during the off-season,
when the weather is crappy and most of the tourists aren't coming in. That's when they fix up all
the roads and the trams and that stuff. And then by the time the spring is there, it'll be pretty
much all fixed up. And I'm like here where the wait for the season starts and then they start
turning up the roads. Yeah, well, plus you also see the amazing sight of people actually working
on the road. Right. It's supposed to be, you know, unique. You know, I mean, everything. I
thought many people were working on it. And the road too. I have no idea where you're talking to
them. Yeah, sure you don't. All right. Listen, the only thing I know is that it will be
later, but the happy 25th. Thanks, George. Okay, take it easy. Have a great time, you know. And YouTube.
Okay, there's a good guy, George Kelly, who used to be on that panel. And unlike that other guy,
Paul, he doesn't say, hey, I was a part of your life. I'm a part of your life. You know what I'm
talking about that Paul guy. Anybody know who that is? Yeah, we know. You okay, Paul, just to go
away. But George Kelly is a good guy and went over there to Amsterdam and just couldn't believe it.
Said, wow, this is like to be a world here. I said, absolutely correct.
So right to tell you how it's welcome to clear on psychic Negro line. How may I be helping you today?
Is this really clear? Yes, honey. And all I'm feeling the stress you're having today.
Clear. Let me tell you why I'm you had another fight with your gay lover.
Oh, I'm giving you. I'm not, I'm not giving you. I know. Nothing like that.
What that man be doing to you? I'm gonna listen to you. Please, my name is Jeff Rimmer and I just want to ask it.
I don't know. I must know. Well, I ever get my own radio show.
Oh, honey, it don't look good. It don't look good at all. Let me back.
God, for the death got on you, honey. What's that mean?
Where the honey? You off the pain. He said, but I'm not defined by that.
101 at 560 WQM 560 505 60. We're doing screenless here.
They were going to want to kill waiting for the other shooting drop on that big news of the sale.
If we had any news about it, oh, no, no, they're keeping this one really tight-lipped.
Thank God the rumors aren't flying around out there loose, you know.
WQAM. Hey, George. Yes. Got one for Neil. Okay, where you come from?
That's all right. Oh, that's the guy with the eyes. Very good.
560 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
Know how I do? How? No one who calls this friendly with me. Oh, except him.
Because he's sucking him out hoping to put him on. I think he was putting me on.
The guy with the eyes. We had to blind my con earlier today. My, my, my. Look out now.
Let me interfere with your life again. Let me come out to that that singles dating party again
out here and see if we can screw everything up. You know, just to piss you off.
WQAM. Yeah, George is caught. I beg your pardon?
This George? No. Well, Neil. What's they saying? Are you calling, sir? And don't use language like that again
on the program one year. He wants me. It's got. Yeah. I just call to say I have a happy vacation.
Thanks. Have a happy show. I'm going to try my best. Is this, are you just filling in
until the sale goes through a one? No, actually, I find a long-term contract. You did? Yeah.
About two weeks? 21 days. Are you signed a contract? Yeah. With KISS? Yes. Oh my god. Yes, I know.
I don't know. Well, good luck to you, Cox. Well, thanks. Thanks for thinking of me.
Okay, keep your, keep your nose out of trouble. I'll try my best. You do the same.
If you catch my drift, no, I'll stick my nose where I like. Good luck to you, Cox.
I'll see you, my, my, party. Yeah.
There's just a little preview of what you're going to be hearing on KISS starting Thursday morning.
With Cox out of radio. Oh, man. Oh, we got to have that in here. We got to have that drop.
And that's my favorite got it was in. Oh, that's the all-time best. He,
oh, many is getting a big chuckle out of everybody's not even on the area yet.
Should be telling that those are sunny Fox. Oh, I don't really, I've been in the weight. I mean,
not too lot of differentiating. Cox and Fox, Cox and Cox. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 5, 6, 8,
5, 6, 8, 8, and 10 and Verizon wireless line. Wow. Yeah. W, Q, I, M,
Neil, yes, sir. How you doing today, man? tremendous. Sounds like that.
Yeah. I've got a little deliverance. Trivia. Yes. I got a couple of minutes and I got a couple
questions for you. Okay. Okay. You remember to see where they, where they go, drop the panties.
Yeah. Okay. Do you know about this? They, um, I know about it. Well, okay. Here, here's the deal
behind it. All right. Um, belly, burl, the producers and, uh, and a few other people got
together and hired this guy, right? A real hill building from Nashville. Yeah. You know,
the scene right from the, you know, I should do up in the woods. Yeah. Right. Okay. So here's
what happened. They didn't give, um, Ned Betty, any, any idea what was going to happen. Really?
They told this actor to customize him and it was off the script. So Ned Betty was completely
traumatized by this whole thing. He had no idea. And that scene is for real. Yeah. Sure. Uh-huh.
That's what I get it from a very liable source. Okay. Country gay fantasy. Yeah. And the later on,
they had a, uh, a reunion, right? Yeah. Ned Betty is in a canoe that going down the river. Uh-huh.
And they called the place, sawdemy lake and he went, he flipped out. Yeah. He flipped his or. Yeah.
Apparently this is a job of the or he. Uh-huh. They got a couple other questions for you.
It is as good as those just keep going. Yeah. Uh-huh. I've been doing some good mushrooms, man.
No, no. This is for real. Uh-huh. From Sotomayor. Very reliable source. Uh-huh. Okay. All right.
Um, let me ask you. How does the FTC control the radio stations?
We need by then. As far as how far you can go with your bits because when you bleed towards out,
you can almost tell what they're saying. Yeah. How do you get away with that? They're almost as long as
you can't be going. How do you get away with that? You just bleeped out a little better and that's it.
As long as you do, you have a vulnerable. But yeah, you can't say, you can't say certain words like
that's word and all that. You're nailed. What do they do to you for that?
You'll be fine. They find you stop you on the rest of the box. They don't do it again.
Okay. Uh-huh. Last question. Um, I think that would pack a video. Did you get a chance to see it?
Yeah. Very interesting. Yeah. That's from. Uh-huh. Um, they're a couple more of those. That's the prototype.
That's the big type. That's the first time in my life ever really I saw would pack you up close in person.
Ha ha ha. You're something else. Okay. Have a rate day. Oh, anybody. Okay.
Watch out for an empty up there in the woods. We believe that's during. Oh, pretty good though.
Pretty good one. 567-0560-0.56. No, it's definitely a video about the, uh,
brought it in the woodpecker. And I told you it's not in the cubits in Latvia.
And the Russians are cranking it up every now and then at least they used to. I don't think I've
got to believe they still are because based on some of the days we have here, you can tell. You
can tell when that woodpecker was just a, uh, uh, not like that. Either the woodpecker may be rumored.
567 I hear he's got a bad portfolio. Somebody to QIM. Nailed? Yes, sir. You're big in this town,
but Hurricane football is even bigger. Yeah. And, and Hurricane football. See it in bigger.
How do you like that? Hurricane football. Well, that was pretty profound.
Pick a winter pal. 567-0560-0.56 on the ATT. We're doing a screen massage. I shouldn't
be giving no numbers out. This is very sad. We're really depressing to me, especially on the
last day before vacation. We're very sorry. W-D-Q-I-M. Yeah, George. Yes. Hi, Bob. Uh, Colin from
Boka. One of the talks me out. Okay, Bob. Okay, let's go to Boka. Hello. Yeah, I'm Neil.
We've got. Hi, Bob. How you doing? I'm going to Amsterdam for the fifth year in a row, but this will
be the first time on Queen's Day. Oh, right. Oh boy. You better take some, uh, knee bumpers and, uh,
you know, knee pads or whatever. I hear the colors orange. Yeah, that's right. Well, that's the
national colors orange. Well, you, I thought you said you've been there. Yeah, but not on Queen's.
I see. Have you been there on Queen's Day? Yes. It is a madhouse. It's an outdoor party with about
a half a million people and it's like you can barely walk. Listen, I'm going to be standing my 50th
birthday there this year. Uh-huh. I wanted to know recommendation of a really nice restaurant that I
make donals. Come on. Chicken sandwich. No way. I don't really know any good restaurants in Amsterdam.
I haven't found one yet. They're there. I guess. Well, if they are, I should have found one.
In addition to what you want me to have in time to eat, believe me, you'll be too busy. Maybe just
with snack. There you go. Have a great time, pal. All right. Are you leaving soon? Yes.
What do you leave? I'm leaving tomorrow. You won't be there through Queen's Day? No.
All right. Have a great trip and have a great time. Bring your weather. Okay. 5, 6, 7,
05, 60, 05, 5, 60. I'm trying to warn him. He's not listening to the word that I said.
Did he hear anything that I said? No. No. You have never been in such a, I mean, if you have
claustrophobia, I would not suggest being there at least not in the heart of time on that day on
April 30th any of Queen's Day. There's more than Queen's there. In fact, to be honest with
there's not really that many Queen's on the Queen. They're like more, you know, young,
heterosexual couple. I mean, there's all kinds of people as usual, but there's like lots of
stuff. And of course, you know, that needle's generally, most of it, pretty safe from what I'm hearing.
Most of it. Packard can't keep a packer in his hand.
G is for the gasoline. It can do.
G is for a green red nexus. Oh, more than two. And he's for the NRA.
Oh, wow. G is for the glory of things you can do. You get under educated in red goods.
And it's for the NRA that smells like waste everywhere. He's easy to get more of all the
stuff that you adore. And he's here and he's for all the services. And will he make your
living living here? He's so cute. But for you, my daughter, say, when you clean it, please don't
wake it up, when they should clean to you.
I'll make you like hot supplies you boil more.
He'll have it better if we leave you less and, you know, like a hot dog.
Aw, like a hot dog.
Oh my God.
It's going.
115 at 560 WQAM, happy Tuesday to you.
One hour to go.
Well, let's start the countdown.
What do you say?
No.
One hour to go.
I'm really just, maybe somebody bitched them out about doing that.
They always used to do that.
I'm not the gambling channel.
Have that clock going with the countdown.
But they're not doing that anymore.
Maybe they're starting to try to get a little credibility.
What do you think?
No.
WQAM.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
And happy impending vacation.
Thank you very much.
And I have to say I will miss you, but I will also look forward to hearing George.
There you go.
It's a little different-a-lashes.
He's going to be doing eating armpits this time.
Really a new wrinkle.
Just a little wrinkle or wrinkle or whatever.
Yeah.
A little different-a-lashes.
And that's always good, I think.
So I like armpits if they're like shaved, you know?
They're, I don't know if it's the screen list that you're doing today, or if it's just the tragic news that you gave yesterday that plucked a guilty resident cord.
But I got to tell you about 12 years ago, got a call from Executive Recruiter said there's a position in Rochester.
You might be interested in why you take a trip up there.
And so I did.
And you know nothing about Rochester.
They sent me a video and everything.
I thought a codec was there and I think it was a corning and a few others.
And I got up there-
To keep free, man.
I got up to the place at late on a Monday night.
I remember with the finals of the NCAA basketball tournament that Michigan was playing as a matter of fact.
And I got to bed, got about four hours sleep, got up.
And the next morning, real early breakfast meeting with the principals of the business was a distribution business.
And I said, don't need a big breakfast because we're going to take you someplace special for lunch.
And I'm dressed in a suit.
You know, this is an executive recruiting mission.
There's going to go through a screening process.
Oh, what?
I'm going to start the business.
You know, that's the end of covered with hot sauce.
Well, wait a minute.
I'm thinking this is going to be some sort of-
I thought-
There's a bunch of some lake Ontario.
Well, maybe there's some spectacular lake restaurant where we're going to have this big, you know, offer presentation lunch type deal or whatever.
So I walked here and up to that.
I'm interviewing hard all during the morning and putting my best over now.
We're going for our special lunch.
Now, I don't know which one it was.
If it was-
I don't know if it was in Brighton or wherever it might be, but we go to Don and Bob.
I walked into that place on the night of going, this has got to be-
Is this a joke or is this for real or-
Yeah.
Did I realize if I had not been so self-important at the time, I might have figured out these guys were fairly cool guys.
And this was a real special place to go for lunch.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I ate and I ate and I ate.
I enjoyed it immensely, but I still thought, you know, I just not sure that this is-
You know, that they're sending me the message with that, but that lunch.
Meanwhile, a great afternoon screening session where they give you the psychological evaluation,
everything was kind of nerve-wracking.
Get on the plane and fly back from Rochester to Miami International.
Now, if you haven't eaten white hops and you haven't eaten-
Yeah.
I'm fast-
I mean, I am sandwiched in the middle seat between two women.
And I'll leave you a sh-
Yeah.
I just kept like, eating over, but I never know how to sleep the whole time.
And every now and then I'd look over and I'd see one of them like standing her face-
Wow.
Boy, that's-
I love it.
So, but you know what?
I never realized that that's where I was until about two or three years later and I heard you talking about it.
And I said, oh my God, I went to a famous place for lunch.
Yeah.
I didn't know it.
Now you know it.
And I feel good-
Your life has changed forever.
That's exactly right.
Fucking right place.
I've been through a vacation.
And hold the sauce.
Okay, see ya.
How do you like that?
Kind of like one of those experiences we have with ponytail, you know, the-
Long-
Long-
Every time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We've got less than an hour to go.
What are they saying on there?
There.
To-
To develop a sales force for-
Yeah, you know.
You know, come, they don't have something important on there, huh?
How come they don't have-
How come they're not evacuating?
Why don't they have-
What's your name on there?
That we just had on.
What else are you name?
Cleo.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yo, man.
Why are you always playing the fake one?
What is it?
You always play in the fake one.
Fake one what?
The fake dogs are mishprok them, man.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Come on, man.
I'm the original.
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
No, you're the gangster mishproker.
All right.
Hey, listen.
What are you thinking about us, Ms. Um?
Great.
You-
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah, all right.
You don't like it?
Oh, I thought.
All right.
I mean, it's not, like some of the other stuff, but it's pretty good.
Yeah.
You know, 100 years old.
Not bad for 50-year-old guys again.
Right.
Yo, man.
What's up with you, Doc?
I'm a sped.
There it is.
There it is.
Hey, um, the other day you played dumb.
I don't know if it was a bit, or if it was live, but the yo-eddy guy.
The, you know, eddy guy.
He was going on and on for like a minute.
Oh, yeah.
That was a- that was not a bit.
It was on the voicemail.
You still have that?
Could we-
I saved it, but it hasn't been done.
Okay.
We don't have another thing yet.
Uh-huh.
But it- we'll have it.
We'll lose it.
Just like I've had Don Conxton come three years ago.
We're still-
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Okay.
Good amount.
Thanks.
Take it easy.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Wooo!
Man.
Those people with kiss, they're going to be kissing it.
Yeah.
I don't- I don't want to tell you what they're going to be kissing.
They- they thought they had a real party with Sunny Fox.
They ain't seen nothing yet until they see Cox on the radio.
W.
Thank you, W.A.M.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you doing?
Great.
How are you doing?
Good.
Um, I just want to wish you a- a good vacation.
Thank you.
And, uh, I'll be one of the first ones to come to us tomorrow to talk about eating ass.
Great.
Are they talking about eating ass?
I don't see what's wrong with that topic.
Exactly.
I don't know what's right.
Lotterdale saw a pet about.
He probably eats a lot of ass.
Yeah.
That's why he saw a pet.
I mean, see, I find that people are uptight about some of the ones who are doing it and they're
running by the find out.
They're doing it clandestinely.
Absolutely.
Can I request a- a bit there, Niel?
Yes, sir.
Um, the one that's, uh, it's all like it's like, Teach Marin's voice, singing about, uh,
Wheel of Fortune or something?
Oh, Vanna, pick me out.
Yes, sir.
You got it.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, see you.
See ya.
Get me a sticky foreign aeroplane.
Got to go around the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just got to win.
Spin the Wheel again.
Oh, Vanna.
Pick me a letter.
Thanks for up.
What do you mean, Vanna?
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't spend to look at that day that's again.
Won't throw in the towers.
Still, I buy your towers.
Oh, Vanna.
Pick me a letter.
Hey, man, what do you mean there's no heaven for?
Vanna, pick me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about you.
Is that an all over Santa?
What?
Vanna, I don't understand why you make a hundred grand.
Not for me to say.
Anyway, get me a sticky foreign aeroplane.
Gonna be under Wheel of Fortune game.
I just got to win.
Spin the Wheel again.
Oh, Vanna.
Pick me a letter.
Go, Vanna.
Go get me a letter.
Hey, that's not my face, Pat.
That's not a two-bang.
Hey, there, now is that the word?
Is it a low rider?
I'm high, so I'm high, uh!
Forget the letter, man.
I'll take better white.
You're beautiful, baby.
You're a meek of a little home game.
Got me a sticky foreign aeroplane.
All right!
I'm under Wheel of Fortune game.
I just love that sound.
I'm in the bonus round.
Hey, Vanna.
Pick me a letter.
Go, Vanna.
Go, Vanna.
Go, Vanna.
Pick me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about you.
All right, that is an all over Santa.
Vanna, I don't need to say it.
I'm wearing underwear.
Not for me to say.
Anyway.
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look.
Can't pass a jackal again.
Won't throw in the towel.
Till I buy you a vowel.
Vanna.
Pick me a letter.
Go, Vanna.
Pick me a letter.
All right!
I'm ready for big baby.
Hey, Vicky, Vicky, Vicky, Vicky, Vicky.
I'm not p-2-I-C, V-W-X-I-D.
Thank you so much.
All right, I'll take the skull bars and blender.
The microwave or refrigerator.
Hey, man, why are you being fired when the dollar's corrupt?
Black and white, white and portable TV sets.
You got ripped off, man.
My brother and I are going to get a free wholesale.
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man.
All right.
Hey, man, it's a hot baby.
All right, we got some evidence here, baby.
Thanks for whoever faxed this to me.
Thank you, John.
John Faxx is the man we'll use his last name on here to protect the guilty.
All right.
Look at this.
From the Dow Jones News Service, March 20th and 12-O-2-A.
M.
Filer, Gregory J. Reed.
Greg H. Hill.
Taya Scherholder.
Restricted shares to sell 5,000.
They registered March 16th, 2001.
The Form 144 is filed with the SEC.
We're fructing in tension to many holder of restricted stock to sell those shares.
After the 144 is received by the SEC, the Filer is permitted to sell the shares of any fraction of them within 90 days.
Now, why would Greg Reed be selling 5,000 shares of V-Ray stock within 90 days, filing on March 16th, this 144 with the SEC,
unless he knew that stock was going to go zooming up there.
You follow what I'm saying?
Because the sale is imminent.
See, now, I grant you, it's unfortunate to have to do it this way on here and live it to me being the radio-yenta.
But the fact is, it always works this way.
They're not going to tell you the little people.
They're not even going to tell you the big people. They're not going to tell anybody.
Because what they're going to do is just this kind of stuff.
They're going to make a fortune, make a killing on this.
Now, the rest of us will be held, you know, left holding the sack.
You'll sack all, or whatever.
So, but all I can say is, thank goodness for a really good contract.
I hate you.
Oh!
All right.
I'm going to have to stay, but when the pack is at hand, I want you to have the time I got the nickel.
I got the ticket. It's actually out of my hand.
I'm going to make it. You will win me, old stock.
I'm going to save our baby. I can do anything I want of you.
And your expenses will not. And I'm going to be something you will get as best of all.
I'm going to press your formula. I've got the formula. I've got the power to hold it in control.
Whoa!
Oh, that's you!
Whoa!
I have a way to get your own show at a station that I leave home.
And I don't care if it's your lady's alone.
That's one that you can show people. I want their favor, baby.
And you'll do anything I want you to do.
I'm your expenses, you know, my.
But your laces are not desired, you know. I'm going to burn you.
I am on your own. I'm going to die.
I am a real dog. That's why I'm a consultant.
Because I'm just an ass.
Oh, you.
What do they try to say?
He's an asshole. Yeah. 131 at 560.
So all the radio consultants and all this security crap here we go again.
Just hang on tight. Strap yourselves in.
All I can say is something's going on.
Changing the locks, telling the stocks,
grabbing your lock stocks and yeah.
Fox.
Sorry, it's not even Fox.
Hiring Cox.
And sitting ahead the clocks.
Well, that's a little ways off. Let's come on up though.
Okay, let's go back to our screeners here as we try to figure out who's got a job
and who doesn't know what's going on because they're sure they've got to tell us how they go.
No, they're not going to tell us a goddamn thing.
There'll be another one of those planned destined meetings.
And well, we've decided to be these ladies are cash and then and then,
what do you say?
They made us know we couldn't refuse.
And we'll say,
Oh, right.
WQAM.
Yeah, yes, sir.
Yeah, friends, it's for Santino.
Yes, you're I forgot about that.
WQAM.
Uncle Mio, how are you?
Pretty good.
Hey, don't have any stocks.
So don't give a crap.
Uh-huh.
I hope you have a good vacation.
It's not as bad as it used to be because we get to listen to George now.
Right.
We used to be a real bummer.
Oh, those tapes are killer.
I can't tell him that.
Although you will have some great model of exhibition games on there.
So you'll have plenty of good reason to turn it off part of the time.
Yeah, rather listen to him talk about eating ahold though.
Right.
Anyhow, just have a good safe vacation.
I shouldn't take plenty of Niagara condoms because you're going to have a lot of gay hot sex.
No, okay.
Okay, thanks.
Do I need the virus?
No, no.
No, I don't.
Let me say it again, ma.
People really go to Amsterdam.
I'm sorry.
567-0560, 05-60, and I don't do drugs.
On the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line.
What do you do there?
Who do you do?
Do you have no one?
Do you have any friends there?
What are their names?
What's their, what are, how big is it?
What is their shoe size?
Oh, brother.
Like, she's writing a freaking book.
I'm going to take it one thing.
I come back this time and she's taking down that calendar with the twins that, you know the one I'm talking about.
The one just like this one back here.
Similar for the other day.
She's taking a calendar down.
Yeah.
Time to have Ma put the sleep if that calendar disappears again.
Oh yeah, I know you like it.
Yeah, I like it.
Ma, I like it a lot.
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah, I like the meal.
Speaking.
Dale.
Yes sir.
Hey, listen, I've got to request for you.
Okay.
One that I've never heard my brother told me about is the priest that called me, he kept slamming with the I'm gay.
And one that my brothers never heard is the Hank Oberg searching for chicken.
Hank Oberg searching, no that was Rick Weaver searching.
It was Rick Weaver, I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Gotta do that one man.
Okay.
Hey, great show man.
Thanks.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Yes, is this Mr. Rogers?
Speaking.
Mr. Rogers.
Reverend Jones here and you have another phony reverend.
You have a controversial show today on hours from the past.
What is it?
You have a controversial show on colors from the past.
No, we're not talking about colors from the past.
You're gay bits that you're doing.
Sir, what are you talking about?
You're playing old bits.
No, no, I'm not.
Well, we had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape and you made some type of a cart on it.
I guess that's what they're telling me.
And we discussed not playing it on the air.
What are you talking about?
The part the gay bits, sir.
That was one of my Thursdays.
Yes, sir.
You'd appreciate to not play that day.
I thought you were going to leave the letter.
Did you receive the letter, sir?
Your gay.
Did you receive the letters, sir?
Your gay.
Your gay, sir.
Sir, your gay.
Did you receive the letters, sir?
Your gay.
They'll be of all suit.
Your gay.
Sir, your gay.
No, your gay, sir.
Your gay.
What was you trying to say?
Your gay.
Oh.
25-till-two, boy, I tell you, 25-and-15 sounds like 40 minutes to me.
In that 40 minutes?
And then, then we could all let loose.
Oh, brother.
It's either going to be a big explosion one way or the other.
I mean, the way that people are all panicky and forming it to mouth and losing their ass.
And all of these other things, no matter which way it's going to go, it's going to be
very good or very, very bad, all depending on big notes.
WDQAM.
Hey, there.
Yes, sir.
Sorry, excuse me.
I was watching Channel 10 News on the day of your anniversary.
Today, my daughter is wedding, yes.
And you know, I was watching it with my wife and when they played that...
Eating ass.
Yeah, I was going to cut.
Did they realize what they were saying?
No.
Oh, okay.
So now, did you capture the look on Dwight Lauderdale's purse?
I heard you mention it, but I guess I missed it.
You just seem to look on my purse when I heard the nature of that to play back about.
20 years, they played on one line.
Yeah, eating ass, Greg, they're eating ass.
And Dwight Lauderdale looked like somebody had just laid a 20-pound elephant to it,
right in front of his mouth, yeah.
Okay.
All right, well, keep it up.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
What's he trying to say?
Greg hates you all.
Well, we know that.
So, Greg reads a sell-in-some stock, huh?
That's pretty interesting.
Where he's going to sell.
Plus, we don't know all the rest that he's going to sell, but at any rate.
Restricted shares to sell 5,000-day registered March 16, 2001.
And all these rumors started bubbling around just a few days ago here,
probably like around March 16, 2001.
And supposedly, the papers are all signed and pretty much are at least they're all put together
and ready to be signed and pretty much done deal.
5,6705,60,560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live.
Make sure it's a certified check, by the way, okay?
I just mentioned that from all corners on.
Make sure it's a certified check.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Hello, get away.
Go ahead, guard.
You have terrible, bowed syndrome.
There's a third graph on your windshield.
Well, you know that's printed, Bob.
Or I'll take my fellows in a head six miles to the new fourth right.
I only take the colors you hate.
Take this as free.
Then hang up now.
Few in paper when I talk like a picket is caught.
With my crew, it's big hanging down, down, down.
From the rain and nothing, I hate more than the niggers and juts and all them jungles.
But getting well-fed, and the fun to use and those things move.
Use that in the garl, ain't it?
Nothing from that groupie, why?
Few of these liberals have an overall.
We don't hate.
We hate.
You see, my fellow Jino Hens, the mayor of the new compassionate conservatists.
Listen to about sex.
You see, that's the one thing we go live.
I hate facing games in a Christian way.
And I tell you why, right here and now.
I keep in hate myself, I'm in the closet.
What the hell?
I may as well come right out, out.
The only way that I can get it up with my little,
oh geez, when I'm with Matt Trecky makes me feel so funky.
But he places my face at his bombing face up like a girl.
Yeah, baby, that's what I'm really like.
Okay, one for you, I just want to pass this along.
Not only we got all these rumors about the sale of the radio stations,
but also judges out there for another humongous crap.
Maybe that has something to do with it.
Yeah, sure, I have never seen anybody in my life who, for a little guy,
he's just cramping this one, he's so little.
Crap, said, crap, said, crap, Jesus.
I thought I was over the irritable bowel.
Man, crack them.
Anyway, so he's out there, crapping, I guess.
WDQAM.
Hello, hello.
Yes sir.
You have radio stations for sale.
Yeah, we have radio stations for sale.
How much?
I come down here and look around and buy.
Okay, there you are.
Okay.
My full man.
There.
Not bad.
I always start with a Chinese crap again.
WDQAM.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I have a good vacation.
Thank you.
And let me ask you a question just for the second theory of it.
Yes sir.
It's my some crazy chance, the radio station is full.
Uh huh.
And I don't think it's my crazy chance.
When Greg Reid starts unloading this stock, you know, he's getting ready for the big push.
Okay, so say it is full.
And seriously, you get a check in the mail and answer there for your buyout clause.
When you leave that on the right.
Yeah.
Well, I thought it was for you, but it's fast for your lower listeners here.
Well I won.
For any reason, would you come back and just do one last show?
Or not?
Or possibly be your last show.
Would I do one last show?
No.
No.
No, no, no.
I'll say this in four hours.
Even for all your lower listeners, you wouldn't do that.
No.
Okay, listen.
I'll send you postcard.
Listen, you're saying that two hours, right?
Yeah.
So, what do you think of this, because a lot of things still reach high on the way you're送 it, that's you are telling why?
They're trying to get the strategy built.
I want to start and Bill Gates talking about that.
It's a drawback money.
Realistic stuff what is your experience in Dubai?
I know. Got it? Christ. Yeah, but if I am fitted, it came along. I've been like another
five years. How about five minutes, son? I'll come back and do five. That's like what
I'll do is I'll do five minutes on the phone. That'll be the QIM. Well, I have to end
there now. And back to you. Hey, yes, I'm going to tell you, this is the guy who's sensitive
from Miami St. Suscent to the graduation card. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah, I was going to tell
you that three weeks ago, I was up in Boyne Beach, spending a week out there helping my sister
to recuperate from a serious operation. Uh-huh. And I stopped at the thick shake up there.
Right. And they had a double burger and a large strawberry shake. And there's one to say.
You know, I went in there. Now, what was on it? What do you have on it? Oh, I had everything,
but pickles and onions are mustard. Okay. And I'm going to say it was great. And, you know,
I went in there because you know, you finally, I don't know. And I'll ask you, did you go to the
drive-through? You go inside. Oh, drive-through. Drive-through. Now, when you went through the
drive-through, like, white people in there with some dark folks. Uh-huh. Really? Yeah.
Because I noticed that we've, uh, they can't seem to make up their mind there by me over there
and sunrise. I mean, one day it's, uh, very nice young white people in there. And the next day it's
all sparsers. And now it's got like mixing match, you know, trying to appease everybody. Uh-huh. Yeah.
Yeah. I want to ask you, uh, uh, remember a while ago you said it. And by the way, for the
guy to call the other day, there's no sparsers working in my public school. Okay. Don't be
all scared like that. I want to check that out. There were no sparsers working in my school.
Crazy person. Oh, yeah. I wanted to ask you. Uh, remember a while ago you said that, uh, that you heard that
they were going to build a big shake down in Kendall. Right. That's correct. There. Uh, you know,
we're down in Kendall. Yeah. Maybe somebody will call. Oh, great. Great. Oh, also, of course, no one to
congratulate you on, uh, your impending vacation. Thank you. Oh, and also I'd like to make a request. Yes.
In order to say, uh, offer sale of QAM. Yes. With a WQM school broadcasting. Okay. Okay.
Say goodbye. Okay. Thanks. Now what's all they want? What is that under? Oh my God. WQA of his
proud to bring you the WQAM School of Broadcasting. Yes. You too can have an illustrious career in the
wonderful world of radio. If you follow our curriculum, the course is free. Of course, you'll work for free.
Call 1-800-1-1-1-1-1-1 and speak to our director of education, Mr. Lennie Marghtead. Now you want me to
broadcast. Oh, I watched a broadcast. Yeah. Yeah. You're going to broadcast. Do you say news?
New news. New news. New news. New news. Yeah. That news. New news. New news. New news. I'll take you
to the next one. You need help. You know, we have the door closed beginning course.
We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait
We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait. We wait 15 minutes 15 minutes 15 minutes 15 minutes 15 minutes 15 minutes 16 minutes 15 minutes pages 15 minutes 15 minutes 14 minutes 16 minutes 15 minutesываетently 10 minutes 15 minutes 15 minutes 15 minutes 15 minutes 16 minutes 15 minutes
And those who are in this room, it's Gaggy, and a lot.
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Oh, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you need to make your wet radio dreams come with.
I mean a one-one clue.
Where you will lose your radio.
All right.
Tentil 2, till 2 at 5.60 WQAM.
This station stands for nothing.
Hey, so, this radio station.
Now do you resent that.
He didn't talk about toxins.
Ever since Cox pulled out, now, well, looks like a practice.
A thousand million have gone away from practice.
Like wings were more hair.
You'd like to think that it's a bummer when Bell and Reed gone.
Say goodbye to Aaron's subbers.
They hide around and run.
They're gone away from practice.
And that's a matter of practice.
Okay.
They're gone away from practice.
But he'll eat, change his actions.
I said, on a game, Christian.
Right here, so he can be.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
He wants to change the station's letters.
W-G-O-D.
Now, well, look, a pattern.
They're gone.
He's a wazzy star.
The pattern is gone.
What's the pattern?
He's a wazzy star.
He's gone away from practice.
He's a wazzy star.
He's a wazzy star.
Let's blow.
Get out of your box.
Yes.
We just can't use you.
You've been around way too long.
Cast a road.
You are pretty fast.
Too long you've lost it.
The way a pig should have worked.
Fiddel, you make me sick.
Get out of here.
Quick.
You are so goddamn rich.
You and me go son of a bitch.
That's all we have, Lucky.
Best fall we know you like.
Are you behind the striker?
Where were you in 63?
Did you kill Kennedy?
More than more than more than more than more than more than more than more than more than you're not now and
your nation are you into my station?
See there will be the embargo.
Cuba will become another kilo.
You are safe.
USA.
We're turning all the raps and more than away.
Loser.
Cast a road.
Get out of Cuba.
We just can't use you.
You've been around way too long.
Cast a road.
You are pretty fast.
Too long you've lost it.
The way a pig should have worked.
You're fucking fit.
You're not talking to you but quick.
You are so goddamn.
