5.60 WQ-QA presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
5.60 WQ-QA presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
877-75 Neil is a toy for a toy.
The opinion expressed by Neil Rogers is guest to our callers.
Does not reflect those of the beastly brought down.
No!
Advertisers for agency.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show on 5.60 Q-A-A-L.
Holy cow!
They don't come any better.
The Neil Roberts.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
You who are eaten so must take it so.
Protect your inside.
Don't say.
With even still.
Or grandmas.
Or even Neil.
Street.
You're never well.
Don't drink like hell.
You'll surely go back.
Oh please.
Just keep it clean.
It can't be fixed.
You'll need a donor.
Don't you ever party hard.
If you do, you could die.
Or just wait in a long life.
Oh, I say this cross me.
Oh, God!
Oh, God!
Come on.
Monday, Monday.
So good to me.
Monday morning.
Irvalva.
Oh, I hope it would be.
Sorry.
Oh, Monday morning.
Monday morning couldn't guarantee.
But Monday, you know you were still.
Be here with me.
I didn't know he was dead.
Monday, Monday.
Can't trust that day.
Monday, Monday.
Sometimes it just turns out that way.
Oh, Monday morning.
Do you hear me no more here?
Oh, what was to be?
Oh, Monday, Monday.
How could you read and not take me?
Every other day.
Every other day.
Every other day.
Every other day, all the week is fine.
Yeah.
But whenever Monday comes,
But whenever Monday comes,
It's funny time.
All of the time.
Monday, Monday.
So good to be.
Monday, Monday.
Irvalva.
I hope it would be.
Tua.
Monday, Monday morning.
Monday morning couldn't guarantee.
Is it going?
Monday, Monday.
You know you'll be here with me.
Every other day.
Every other day.
Every other day, all the week is fine.
Oh, have a Monday come.
And if I'm whenever Monday comes,
It's funny time.
Monday, Monday.
Monday, Monday.
And trust that day.
Monday, Monday.
It just turns out that way.
What?
Monday, Monday.
Monday, Monday.
Yeah.
I don't want to say I'm going to have a negative ring.
But Jesus Christ almighty.
I got some bad news for you.
I got some bad news.
Two down.
Why?
Two down.
I'm not talking about John Phillips.
I hear a crappy liver and was a bad user and drug.
I mean, you know,
Here's a mercury.
You realize you got a liver transplant in 1992?
No, I did not know that.
It's not too bad.
Nine years with somebody
else's liver without the bacon nuggets.
Can you imagine all the, you know,
having somebody else's lung because the liver
turns his out on a crap, you know,
everything goes through your liver.
But anyway, that's not getting to that.
And he said,
and of course, if she just wouldn't have eaten that pastrami on Rai,
do you think you lied about that?
I think that she choked on a sandwich.
I saw the whole VH one thing.
I don't care.
Maybe VH one lied about it.
I want to believe.
Don't mess.
It's like me talking about that.
You know,
don't take away the things that I want to hang on to.
I want to squeeze, you know,
just like I told my mother about that calendar.
Don't take away those good things.
And it makes me feel better as a fat person.
So you're not a fat person,
so you can't relate to it.
In fact, they were showing, you know,
the clips yesterday after John Phillips died.
And they got a LACNN and everybody
that's showing the old clips.
And I'm telling you,
she was as big as an apartment complex.
It could very easily be a fat person.
But you're not.
But you haven't got any idea.
Don't start giving me a son of an aunt about what it means to be fat.
You know nothing about fat, Mr.
because you don't have any.
Yeah, let's world power.
So anyway, she took down a sandwich just like Mary Olanza.
Now, was that also a funny story or did somebody
you verified that he took down a sandwich?
Who?
So anyway, John Phillips is dead.
You don't know Mary Olanza and it's your pizza?
No, good.
Because you're not old.
So anyway, this death thing is going around real bad boys and girls.
But here's something that died.
This is the worst possible news.
What a way to start my week.
Devastating.
Devastating.
Am I ever going to recover from this news?
No.
Never.
As long as I live.
This is like, didn't I say last week that there was this cathartic thing going on?
Then we come in this morning and we see that all the locks on every door up here on the turd floor.
The arodders have been, that was what I wanted.
That's what I wanted.
Have they changed?
The locks are missing.
And then the locksmith comes through here and he's putting new locks on the doors and George has to Bob Vermuth.
He doesn't answer.
He doesn't answer.
He's just to Bob Vermuth.
What's the story with locks?
Is somebody get canned?
No.
There's so many master keys in the course that we're just getting around with.
Now, everybody moving up on the third floor.
And, of course, this company being behind all the time, which I thought was refreshing but, of honesty,
coming from a jackass like him who's always you know senties corporate you
know all corporate share corporate that bob remote this year
so that you were smoking when you came in this morning I wasn't smoking it
unfortunately all of he wants to come back in I'd be glad I have another one of
my a garcia vagabond these little ones these are pretty good they are yeah my
favorite cheap cigar sometimes a little one can be pretty good
anyway let me do the break first then I'm going to get into some very which
I'm sure won't have a lot of impact on most of you out there but for some of
you it will be news that may destroy your week and like I started to say last
week I told you we were going through this cathodic period with a stock market
with everything and it's like flushing the toilet it would be good the
end result will be good oh there's a letter of the editor and one of the
papers this morning I don't know what kind of what kind of I think some brought
up in bokeh about the new water saver toilets and about who the hell ever came
up with that idea and you have to flush them three times and scrub the bowl I
don't know what the kind of crap you're doing I don't have to flush three times
and they always scrub my bowl would you ever scrub a toilet bowl now it
ends today my must occasionally scrub the bowl what do you mean would I ever you
scrub toilet bowls not since I've been married well that's what I'm saying at
this advanced age of our lives are we about to scrape toilet bowl I don't think so
lady in the bokeh wherever the hell you were god her family must be really full of
but you know yeah I thought that was kind of a touching thing to start this
morning with Monday Monday by the mom is in the poppers now that John Phillips is
dead at the age of 65 most type of post and mama cast died choking on a god
dimmer Ruben sandwich she was choking on Ruben she was choking on it she was
humongous she was gigantic Jim and Tandy Faye Baker were about to sell vacancies
and the Mama cast Elliott apartment complex
down in blue black and blue
Chained
that's really cool man hey that ground up clover
I'm not proof confy I don't think
is that appreciate what I read a lot but Japan undo
two men. Why are you kidding? And that's another one. I don't know the other one. I don't know the one two.
Hey, I think you're right, man. The place is probably...
Oh, you're staring at Goli.
I'm crazy. I'm so pathetic.
10, 13, at 5.60. That was one of the only highlights I actually decided to get in the hell out of there
that Panther released game on Saturday. And yes, I did leave after Pawel's growl just third-gold.
And you people don't deserve him. Let me say it again, but I'm not going to go into that.
Because nobody wants you about that stuff. The highlight was they had the bagpipe guys.
It was St. Patty's Day Saturday, so like outside the Macarena and like even inside,
they had the bagpipe guy, oh, Danny Boyd, they were blowing it.
And I really got a kick out of one and one guy says, oh, that's my chander. That was cute.
Yeah. And there was somebody in the stands was running his hand up and down real fast, but anyway.
They took it off the big screen real quick. That was the highlight when they were playing the bagpipe.
A lot of people said to me, oh, yeah, they were there. I'll say the same thing.
Can we play it again? And I said, no, no.
He's dry. Yeah, John Phillips is dead. Yeah, they were playing bagpipes at the Macarena.
They were blowing it. It was like the package, you know it.
But I had to get out of there with disgustingly disgustingly disgusting display.
Here's the bad news. I'm trying to, well, let's take this one call here. Hello.
Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay.
Did you see the Saturday Hill? There was a very fine complimentary mention of you
and how it's turned unfortunately in the same sentence in the art section on Saturday.
No, I didn't see that. Well, let me tell you what it was on page 46.
How did I miss that? Well, let me tell you what it was.
It was a syndicated article from Newsday, no less.
And it talked about the lack of young people coming into the talk show in the radio.
And near the end, it says, where will the next meal rages and how it's turned come from?
How do you like that? Yeah, you have to pick a Saturday, you've got page 46 of the art.
I'm going to dig in the garbage and get that thing out.
You better talk Greg to get you one from the back issues.
Thank you very much. God bless America. I pray for me.
How do you like that? Newsday, they love me.
And I actually sneak this way in the herel. They probably slip by the proofreaders, don't you think?
Yeah. How do you like that?
Anyway, here's the bad news. I can't put it off forever.
Thank you, I guess, thanks to Mike in Miami for factoring this.
You know, I mean, I can't be an emotional cripple forever.
I have to accept this new sooner or later. Bad news.
Don and Bob's grill closes.
Oh, we have taps.
I know it's on a car pack. There's some weird way in that we don't have them there.
Bank to build on Brighton site where diners are fewer than before.
Mike in Miami fact me this morning, he says he was born and raised on White Hotts in Pittsburgh.
Not Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, which is a suburb of Rochester.
Now, wait till you hear this story.
Brighton, New York. Now, this is right next to the elementary school. Brighton number, Brighton number, R1.
And Brighton High School, which I did not go to school there, but nevertheless went to elementary school.
Right next door to Don and Bob's, as many of you know, because I keep talking about it.
How do I know? Did John Phillips die?
He died.
But Don and Bob's has died also.
The food was yellow key.
Yeah, you might say that.
If it was food served fast, not fast food, it says.
That's what Don and the Williams of Cannon Digwell remember about Don and Bob's restaurant at 2075.
Monroe Avenue in Rochester, New York.
And it was good quality. She said yesterday she polished off a cheeseburger and french fries for lunch.
This has been an institution. That's right. This wasn't a restaurant, boys and girls.
This was an institution.
And I want to tell each and every one of you right now, if you don't know Don and Bob's, if you know what I'm talking about, you don't know squat.
You don't know crap.
And of course, it's too late now because they died.
The Williams and her husband Donald makes sure to get one last cheeseburger done and Bob's when they heard the restaurant would be closing its doors for good tonight, meaning Saturday.
March 17th.
It's too bad. I remember coming here in the 60s after we played Catholic Youth Organization basketball Donald said for nearly 50 years done and Bob's was more than just a place to eat.
Customers waited wide eyed as orders were shouted to cooks from the counter.
Regular is brought out of town company that are sample a white hot dog with sauce. That's white hot. You glam that wrote this.
And students that neighboring bright and high school off and ate their lunches there.
Makes me nostalgic.
Makes me want to be one of those people like so many of you live in the past, like my mother living in the past.
The restaurant owner say poor business and me.
And of course, the reason I had poor businesses is because the guy that brought it screwed it up. I just want to mention that real fast.
They say poor business in recent years is the reason for closing on when the officials from Cannon Degro National Bank and Trust Planned to attend the Brighton Planning Board meeting to show plans for a bank branch to be built at the restaurant site.
Don't you think there's something still a bit symbolic about that?
Did I went to school there? Went to high school and grew up so to speak in Cannon Degro.
And now Cannon Degro National Bank is going to be putting a bank branch on the very grounds where Don and Bob's used to be. How do you like that?
Bank President George Hamlin IV. Not George Hamlin IV. But George Hamlin IV said talks about opening a branch.
There started last summer when he was contacted by Don and Bob's principal owner, Dick Fox, who also owns area Wendy's Old Fashioned.
Yeah, Dick Fox is one of the Wendy's people. Remember we've had calls about that.
He came in and bought Don and Bob's and demanded whether they be scrapper.
Don and Bob's employees make take jobs at area Wendy's. So if they choose said Randy Trauger, the spokesman for Fox, Katie Sawyer, 19 of Pittsburgh, was working at Don and Bob's as a cashier for four years as angry.
That storm manager didn't give most employees notice that they're closing before yesterday. How do you like that? Nobody came up to let us know she said.
They just came and closed the guy named Doors. Just like here, changing the locks. You know?
By the way, spread the word WQAims going out of business. Oh, yeah, well, you know, that's got to be next.
Because that stock briefly went up to 16 on Friday. I don't want to mention any names of somebody who sold like a thousand shares right away.
Because I don't want to create any problems for them. Okay. But that stock went up to 16 and some people saw that as an instant selling opportunity. Yeah.
The phones were smoking in this place. I'm not talking about incoming. I'm talking about outgoing calls, outgoing as in the stock brokers.
Playgrounds in a ball field are behind the building. I expected to remain there for public use.
Playground right there where I played as a child right behind Donabobs right next to brighten the number one elementary school.
I wonder if Miss Del Prince is still alive or Miss Madness or Miss what that was her name. I don't know. Mrs. Pierce. Yeah, I actually had a teacher who was Mrs. Pierce in sixth grade was my home home teacher. Mrs. Pierce.
Anybody out there have a teacher Mrs. Oh, no, because most old teachers are old maids. Isn't that right? Which is of course code for bullbikes. I mean, that doesn't make him bad. People are in my great teachers. There ain't nothing like a bullbike.
Barth, what I've always said. Yeah, bar. Anywhere it's not see. We realized everybody had a story to tell about Donabobs Hamlin.
He said he was going there as a teenager after visiting his orthodontist. We went there for something soft I could eat. He said.
Kind of like South Florida. Yeah, something they could gum because he just to come from the orthodontist.
The first Donabobs was opened in sea breeze in 1945 by Don Barbato and his brother-in-law Bob Burrell. The Monday Ravino location followed in 1953 and on it goes with the whole history of Donabobs.
Maybe I can get the science of one of the big fans who stopped by. A Robert Barbato was sold to the rest of 1973. Pants to visit before closes too late now. Maybe we can start a Donabobs down here. What you say?
Huh? We need a Donabobs here desperately. There is no place here. I mean, you know, our friend Wayne Arles got the Rochester Whitehunts. But there is no place quite like it.
Anybody in this audience moved by this story about Donabobs? Anybody know what now? I'm talking about no. Is there any response to this unbelievable story? No. Just because it's reigning cats and dogs and my god damn satellite is out. Which is good. I hope it rains cats and dogs all week. I'll date because number one we need it. Got some good rain this weekend. That was a good start but today it's like the end of the world and we needed badly. And you know why it's raining? Because God has pissed off about the closing of Donabobs.
There are millions of tears coming from heaven about the closing of Donabobs. Look at this. Look at the phone.
Nariya response. Nariya teary shed in this heartless cool, grotesque, unbelievably hard ass town. Shame on you people. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Nariya. Yes sir. He just run my day. My only wife got to the mountains every year of the year around that. And she grew up in Rochester. And she's been telling me for years we got to go to Donabobs and have a burger because the best burger is anywhere.
We're going to plan a trip to the year. We're going to go back to Rochester and go down to have a burger at Donabobs. I guess we're not going to do it.
Nariya have no reason to go there unless you end up sniffing lilacs. She's a post office employee. I don't know if I should tell her. I don't want to go there.
No. I'll take it. Break it to a gently pal. All right. Well, that's all I have to say.
OK. I apologize. Thank you so much. See, there's one guy that cares. He's not even going to get to go there now because Donabobs is dead. I understand most of you are not from Rochester. Most of you have never been to Rochester.
Which, you know, that in itself is no big deal. There's not much there. It's OK. A lot of sports is in there now. Oh, it's become that. Yeah, they destroyed a lot of neighborhoods in that city too. You'll be pleased to know.
Our poll on Saturday hour over the weekend at least got a tremendous response. A tumultuous sixteen hundred and forty three votes around it as I speak now. That's one of our highest ever.
I have some non-alion polls. I mean the alien polls. They had like twenty trillion votes, but that was a different story. That was something important. Wasn't it? No. No.
Which group of people destroyed neighborhood the fastest was our poll question on Friday. Over the weekend. You pondered that and you mulled it over.
You talked it over with your friends. You took surveys among your peer group and they said. African Americans eight hundred ten forty nine point two percent said.
African Americans destroyed neighborhood faster than anybody on the face of the year. Basically.
Rednecks or white trash or trailer trash whatever code words you like to use. 223 they came in a distance second thirteen and a half percent. Haitians followed with a hundred and forty two eight point six percent.
Cubans with a hundred and thirty two and of course George wants to make sure you understand we're only talking about toothless dark skin.
Cubans eight percent orthodox Jews well that's what you said you didn't say the toothless but I put that into to protect you.
Orthodox Jews a hundred six percent.
Puerto Rican seventy five I guess they didn't see that piece on the central park.
That was on again yesterday on MSNBC and if it's on MSNBC you know must be the MS.
Puerto Rican seventy five four and a half percent to make in sixty three months you point eight percent.
Yes.
Yes. Thirty nine two point three percent Mexican thirty eight two point three percent. Nicaragua is twenty two one point three percent.
Now before you get to excited about Nicaraguan's wonderful people they are and how great they are to send your house to them.
They say if they're neighborhood you know I'm thinking of myself probably the reason Nicaraguan did so well is because do I know any Nicaraguan?
No.
Do you know any Nicaraguan?
No.
Oh Georgia's shaking his head feverishly no.
The girl does he's the only one.
Miguel is the one remember his roommate.
Oh he's got a Nicaraguan roommate from Formosa.
Yeah.
He's always going to stay and hang down your head.
But anyway Tom Dooley.
So I guess that's the reason most of us can't really pass a reasonable opinion about Nicaraguan because most people don't live or maybe it happens to be that they're wonderful neighborhoods and they're very have great ethics and standing.
And they keep the place clean and they don't stink up the joint and don't throw all their garbage out on the guy damn sidewalks and don't destroy the property values in the hood etc.
Maybe that's possible.
So let's give benefit of that out to our Nicaraguan friend.
Some of them have a bad complexion as we know.
Twenty two only one point three percent.
Yeah.
Some of them maybe kind of a distant kind of Wayne.
Oh I'm speaking of St. Rosenberg.
He died?
No but politically.
See I got to mention his name here be day because he's obviously out there squeezing his bag right now.
And I don't know what St. Patty's there's got nothing else to do that grizzled old fart.
You're dead sonny.
You're as good as dead.
You're finito.
You're done baby.
They said get out and hear you silly old person you.
Go away.
Take your goddamn outhouse gang with you.
So done but I know it doesn't mean anything to anybody else out there.
That's okay.
So I'm right I'll just suffer alone.
I'm used to it.
I can handle it.
I'm not an emotional cripple like many of you.
I want a banging on the butt honey.
I smell like a woman.
I smell like a woman.
And I got to shave.
In the man's section over at the mall.
I saw the temple some new men's fragrance.
I saw a freedomist with so many new things.
Now I'm left with the aroma of a freaking fruit.
I want to see you.
I got to walk on.
You're so very gay gay gay.
1032 who know who that was that that came in the near the window.
Oh, is the orange from Arty remember I told you smell like a French warehouse.
I don't know why guys do that.
Well, maybe a variety of reasons.
1032 at 560 WQ we got the mad dog Jim Maddog.
We're hanging today at you.
There's a hang still out there in Vegas.
Plunge in his brain job.
Booster at 6 o'clock tonight with the anti-hank show and Eddie K.
at 10 o'clock tonight.
There's a lady in Margate.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
We used to go to Don and Bath.
If you want good food at a reasonable price it was great.
And it was just a fun place to go.
Yeah, it was third of homey in there.
I like it.
Just the whole way that you could see the whole grill and the thing was wide open there.
And you know, you could see them flopping the burgers around and just doing everything was there's never been a place like it anywhere.
I know.
So I'll mess it.
Okay, sweetheart.
We can mourn together.
I feel your pain.
Thanks, Neil.
Thanks.
How do you like that?
Here's the lady.
She's feeling it.
And that's it.
That's the end of our response here this morning to that.
Well, what am I going to tell you?
Not everybody, me, all the people from New York or from Chicago or Boston or Detroit.
They don't know from Don and Bob's, which is very sad for them.
Yeah, I feel sorry for them.
And I feel sorry for me because I'll never be able to go back.
Although, wait, and I see what's going to happen now.
Of course, the, the, the Wayne doesn't get them from Don and Bob's.
He gets them from his wiggles from the manufacturer.
So we'll stay on, still have our walk.
And then of course there's those pain in the ass people in Papano with that ratchet or white hot, you know.
Which I don't dare mention their name on here again because they're always snoring around for free plugs.
That's okay. They're very nice people.
And I guess they're from Rochester.
So how bad can they be, huh?
See if they were smart.
They would like to turn it into a full like Don and Bob's down here.
And make those same burgers on the grill like they made up there.
And oh, boy.
But it'll never happen.
You know, you can't go back, baby.
You just can't go back.
All those grizzly little farts.
Let's talk about those wonderful restaurants like the Princess spaghetti house in Boston.
Is it there anymore?
No.
Topink isn't Detroit.
Is that any, is there anymore?
No.
And then chop out.
Oh, gone.
All the good stuff is gone, baby.
Just like down here.
Famous.
I'll start that again.
Here's our pool today.
Now that John Phillips is dead.
Which public figure's death affected you the most?
Not a great pool.
Since we're talking about Don and Bob's dying and John Phillips dying.
And you know, yeah.
You die?
All the things.
Yeah, he died.
Anyway, which public figure's death affected you the most?
Now I have a short list here.
Maybe you want to add some to it because, you know, what do I know?
JFK.
Bobby Kennedy.
I could put our FK, but they might not know who that.
JFK Bobby Kennedy.
Martin Luther Cookehne.
John Lennon.
Elvis.
Or Princess Diana.
And he's going to get back to you at Diana.
Anybody else I left off there?
I'm not putting John Phillips on her because if John Phillips is a death affecting you that much,
then we'll get you some serious help, okay?
We'll get you a sandwich with Mama Kance.
Can I leave anybody else off that list?
You don't seem to be too, uh, well, I mean, full of names.
I could name some things that some other people might have been affected by.
Yeah, I'm not asking you personally because we know you're such a hard-hearted spick anyway that I mean, you know,
why should put the Glen Hill on there?
That's a good point.
How about the bird?
No way. I said, which public figure was he like a public figure?
Wasn't he?
No, I'm not.
I think so.
Yeah, but hey, we'll be following him doing it.
See, there you go again.
Just because I played those damn Zeta tapes.
Oh, and you know what I got?
Something has been missing in South Florida radio.
If you like contemporary music, say from the 70s and 80s, Phil Collins, Chicago, Lionel Richie, Steve Winnwood, Billy Joel,
you'd either had to suffer through tons of duop oldies.
A lot of jazz you'd never heard of, or worse yet, that's why it'd be...
The music of very man-a-low and barbist rice and...
Well, it's 7 p.m. and that's all done to Jay and the G-Tri now.
Welcome to South Florida's all-new, coast, 97th-3 a.m.
I remember that the best of the 70s, 80s, and today with West Talk.
From the building, I remember the jocks playing that for me.
Really?
The GTR jock thing, this is what it's going to be.
And we were all puking and crying.
So there it was.
Okay, which public figures death?
We'll get some other names on here before we put the list on there, Eric, because obviously this is a very incomplete list.
And other people out there who have much more compassion and pathos and ethos in dark to the end than we have here,
will have some other names for us.
I'm sure, maybe.
Here's Miami.
Oh, ha, ha.
Ah, ha, ha, like I said.
Okay, well that's all we're getting here today, huh? Is that?
That was it.
5667-0560.
I think maybe I'll just play a Monday, Monday, and California Dream and Over and Over again for all four hours.
It sounds like a real good idea.
Since this audience is once again dead as a door nail.
I'm sitting here waiting on you, okay?
Which public figures death affected you the most? There's some names on here.
Does anything affect any of you out there?
No.
Is there anybody with a poem?
No.
Anybody with a breath?
No.
Good. Got all my-
Yeah, you learned hard.
How could you forget?
Yeah, I'll get out of here.
How could you-
Should I put him on there?
Absolutely.
Stay all frickin' urn hard?
Oh, get out of town.
W-Q-I-M.
Buddy Holly and Roberto Clemente.
No.
Buddy Holly, I mean Roberto Clemente.
Come on.
Come on.
What we don't want sports people?
Sports people dying?
How about Mickey Mendel, huh?
Who also needs a liver?
Now we're not putting all bunch of sports people.
How about Baby Ruth?
How about Lou Gehrig?
How about Ty Cobb?
How about Joe DiMaggio?
Where have you gone?
Where have you gone, Joe DiMaggio?
He died?
Oh.
Come on.
Let's get-
Let's get serious.
Roberto Clemente's death affected you the most of any public figure in the history of your life.
Come on, sir.
Man, what are they closed on and done in Bob's?
It was people like you that forced them to close.
People with bad taste.
With no taste.
Mobile in Boca.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Definitely John Wayne.
Without a doubt.
He's already on my list.
Yeah, I'll catch.
I just want to put it in for it.
Okay, we got you down.
Okay, I don't be calling in the vote now.
This is on neo-rogyes.com.
This is on the internet.
I'm not going to do four hours of people saying,
Oh, definitely, John Wayne.
Definitely Elvis.
Definitely JFK.
It's on the list already.
I'm looking for some ass.
Instance here.
For crying out loud.
Boy, oh boy, good thing I'm going on vacation real soon.
You're excited to that.
I'm getting real, real ordinary with this crowd.
Real disgusted and just fed up to my eyebrows.
The day after John Phillips croaks.
The guy.
And this audience is like,
maybe they're in mourning for Don Above.
That might be it.
Maybe they're getting a minion together.
Huh?
A filet minion.
Come on in and lay down on my couch.
You hear this, that's where else?
Well, now, there's crack whales.
The new cookie with crack.
Yeah, that's right.
That crazy cookie on the bench wants the best flavor of crack.
No crack whales.
And they're double height.
And they're sure to make you higher than a mobile phone kind.
And I'll make you lose a lot of weight.
And people won't know you eat in crack whales
when they see that skinny ass muddy of yours.
Come on, Mr. Crack whale.
Cooking man, get in my mother's bowl.
Cooking.
I paid for them in son of a bitch.
New crack whales.
Now, so, on sweet corners, everywhere.
1044-560 WTQ-A-M.
So, anyway, somebody faxed a great idea
which we're going to add to our list.
John Wayne.
He died.
Yeah, a few days ago.
Well, a few, a long time ago.
Marion, John Wayne.
Don't call him Marion, unless you want a fistful of lid.
So, that's not a bad list.
So, far JFK, Bobby Kennedy, Martin Luther King.
Want to put co-bay on there?
There were a lot of people who were not gnashing with that hat.
No.
Hey, I got news for you.
How about Eric Clapton's kid that's the lot of the window?
Let's get to the audience.
Let's get to the audience.
Kurt Cobain.
He wasn't a huge figure.
He was not a shape.
Elvis?
Come on, John Lennon, Elvis, Princess Diana,
Dale Earnhardt, John Wayne.
That's not a bad start for a list.
That's an excellent group there.
Of course, the Elvis thing.
I'm afraid that's going to get a lot of votes
and that's going to piss me off greatly.
I mean, what was the big deal there, okay?
We have that many fat, lifeless chicks in the audience.
What do you mean chicks?
How about all these guys that call all of them?
Oh, no, we went up to Graceland.
And I always try to let them off the hook by saying,
oh, yeah, must have been your wife or girlfriend's idea.
Oh, no, it was great.
We're going to go back this year.
This summer, we're going back to Graceland with Paul Simon.
See, Paul Simon, he's smart.
He just sings about it.
He don't go there.
He just makes money, you know, singing songs about it.
Somebody called him suggested two packs of Chakor.
Should we put him on there with Biggie?
No shickers on the list.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, now.
Yes, sir.
Yes, speaking of dead bangs.
Sorry, I almost killed the show.
I was wanting to head to singing of the bad news.
About Donald Bob?
Yeah.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
So I just wanted to call him.
And since the show is done, I thought he'd call it.
Tell him to tell the call and say, apologize for sending that bad news.
No, no, no, no, no, listen.
You have to break it to me.
I mean, you know, it's not good news, but we all have to know.
Yeah.
In addition to what this guy started killing the fact when he bought it anyway.
I don't know if you ever went there after this guy bought it out.
Not since about the mid-80s.
Yeah, well, this guy butchered it.
I was there, I guess, also the last time about 15 years ago.
And it was still OK, but nothing like the original end.
You know, whoever wrote this article really missed out the good stuff, the frozen custard.
Uh-huh.
They were famous for the frozen custard.
A lot of people don't even know what that is.
I know, but you could also get an Abbott's in Pittsburgh in a few other places.
But Donald Bob's, the chocolate almond fudge frozen custard was maybe some of the best stuff I ever put in my mouth.
Abbott's in Charlotte too.
Right.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks for the bad news, my friend.
Okay, sorry.
No problem.
Not your fault.
Don't take it personal unless you want to.
Donald Bob's is dead.
Oh, brother.
What a way to start a week, huh?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
And you know, how you doing it?
Okay, sir.
Second generation.
Listener.
Multiple color.
I just wanted to, I don't know if there's a lot of dead heads in South Florida, but.
Oh, you're not going to say during Garcia, are you?
Oh, come on.
Okay.
I'm sure they got told for like a hundred years.
I mean, you know, now they're not torn.
You've touched a lot of people's lives.
Not mine specifically.
I want to have a couple of concerts, but I know a lot of people.
Yeah, you're right.
He'll get some votes.
I would hope so.
Hey, on another note, I had a chance to go to Wayne Arles.
I guess it was Tuesday or Wednesday.
And it's maybe it was Thursday anyway.
It's the day you were talking about the Schwarzen.
And how they were not used specifically, but the voting, how it affected, you know, certain communities.
And all you should have seen some of the faces in there, Neil, it was unbelievable.
Like the lady that was doing the cooking there, she's like, you know, trying to keep her eye on what she's doing.
She kept looking up at the speaker walking.
Hey, you're taking these.
I love you, man.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Oh, look at this.
Look at Broughtsey.
Yeah, how about that?
It was painful.
Well, this fact, we want to take a stab at it, you know.
Look at Broughtsey.
What do you say?
No.
Someone suggested Bruce Lee.
Bruce Lee.
How about, how about Picky Lee?
Here's one I know you like.
How about Brenda Lee, although she's still alive.
John Candy.
No.
Phil Hartman.
No.
He was still working.
No.
Okay.
Phil Hartman's death affected.
Why?
I mean, he was funny.
More, more significant than John Wayne.
He was done making movies.
Oh, get out of here.
John Wayne, I mean, as much as I had done.
That's not the point.
The point is he was done by your standards.
But a lot of people grew up through upward John Wayne.
And then he wasn't going to be making any more movies.
And then?
Did John?
Yeah.
But Phil Hartman, they had to replace him.
He was in a ride on.
They were like to say, John Wayne, Phil Hartman wasn't an American like one of those legendary people.
No.
He could have been.
I mean, I looked, why don't you put the name of everybody who ever died?
That'll kill four hours.
We'll be working on this for the next 20 years.
Everybody who just died will put their, you know, people's relatives.
They'll put them all on there, you know.
Monashia Skolnick, how about him?
He's dead.
Hans Connryd.
Who?
How about all the games you'll host there for Bokobrine Allen?
The one he died?
You have a poll just for that one.
But Convey, he's dead.
Jack Barry, he's dead.
Bill Cullen.
I love Bill Cullen when I vote for him.
No.
No.
He's a lot of death didn't affect me.
I didn't even know he was dead.
You know?
Where's that Lancitor thing?
Isn't he the one that says that?
Yeah.
How about Bill Cullen?
I didn't know he was dead.
Yeah.
5-670560, Palm 560.
See the death of John Phillips.
And then, of course, Dale Hurnard, just a couple of weeks ago.
Which I'm going to have a tough time.
I may have to vote for Dale Hurnard.
No.
How about Terry Sawchuck?
How about Tim Horton?
Here's Key West.
Hello.
I guess so, but Clint.
J.F.K. Junior.
Oh, that's right.
J.F.K. Junior.
Thank you so much.
Yeah.
Should we put him on there?
Yeah, the lawyer was a big tennis, wasn't there?
J.F.K. Junior.
Yeah, they were having a thing.
They're peddling these coins.
You know, if you see those things on TV, where they're peddling the J.F.K. Junior,
silver, dollar, whatever the hell it is.
Haven't seen that?
No.
What do you have to do with that?
Stick it in the slot.
Stick it in the picking bank in a slot.
Stick it out of the way.
Yeah, like a Renee's slot.
And then we can get the paramedics to yank it out while they're getting whatever else out.
They've got stuck in her mouth.
But anyway, so Roy and the thing comes on.
Well, he was America's, I'm trying to think of the line they used in that.
Oh, wait, look.
John Phillips, who's 65 years old.
And Nick Dermott, CNN, lost Andrew.
Thank you, Wayne.
Oh, God.
All day, let's come on.
Let's shut up here at Tuesday for John Phillips and Mama Cash.
Let's have a Friskami sandwich.
What do you say?
Come on.
Let's all get a liver transplant while we're at it, too.
Have food.
I'm going to have a baby.
Turn it in, lady.
Wonder why the Mama's in the pop of music.
We've got bad news for her.
If you're like hibernating right out of town over the weekend or not watching the depressing news,
John Phillips is dead.
A lot of these people wouldn't know John Phillips from Phillips, Suza, from Malcolm Phillips,
or Marvin Maker.
Or I'll start doing that again, okay?
Don't start kids.
A lot of people agree when you start with those guy named Harness names again.
Franklin Sears.
Now, come on.
Don't do it.
Richie Niles.
Here's a mobile and lake worth, ho.
Michelle Braindrig.
Mobile and lake worth.
Hey, how about John Holmes?
Yeah.
That was a big death.
You'd like him.
You'd fag.
Okay, thanks.
No, I didn't.
I don't look ugly, guys, with bigger shlongs.
Asshole.
567-0560.
Pound 560 on the 18.
You know who that was?
That was a Dale Earnhardt guy right there.
Guaranteed.
Oh, yeah.
You could smell it.
Here's a mobile and point and beach.
Hello.
Hey, Niles.
That's a great show.
I got two for you.
Uh-huh.
Frank Sinatra.
I have mommy up.
Mama Jackie on the axis.
Jackie O.
Jackie.
Hey!
I can't forget, huh?
Yeah.
That's, that's true.
I guess we're going to have to put Jackie O on the list.
A lot of women will probably up.
And Frankie.
Frankie, okay.
You got it, man.
I'll buy.
Okay.
Yeah.
We got to put him on there, right?
Frank Sinatra.
Don't give me that.
And Jackie O.
What?
That mommy grabbing point out.
What?
How was she affecting anybody's lines while she was aligned?
She was just running around.
Yeah.
Effecting her a subtle, oh, not that.
Having said that, that was funny.
Oh, I mean, speaking of JFK, Jr.
I've been reading, you know, after that plane crash.
And after he died.
Of course, while it was alive, God forbid anybody should suggest it.
But they were talking about the fact that she and Aristotle
on assets were, like, maybe screwing around while she was still married to JFK.
Because I got to believe that there was, he doesn't,
he never looked like a Kennedy.
Jr.
Diddy?
He looks Greek.
And I'm not just saying that to be a smart ass, but he looks Greek.
There looked.
Yeah.
What kind of guy was that?
Huh?
Wasn't Jackie kind of, I thought she was into Greek or not.
No, you're not listening.
He didn't look like any member of the Kennedy family.
That's a good point.
He looked very Greek.
I think he was the son of Aristotle.
Aristotle.
Oh!
passes.
I'm just, that's just my personal feeling.
Nothing makes any difference.
In addition to which he didn't have any of the, I mean, he was a dullard.
All of the crap, they built him up for all the stuff.
He had a personality like a dead man, like a frog.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, it is 140.
Ronald Reagan.
Brain dead?
He's not dead yet.
Well, he fits it perfectly.
Okay.
He died.
Well, from the neck up.
Now, we're talking about completely, okay?
Well, we'll keep that, we'll put that like in the in waiting, like bubbling under.
We'll do like on a hot, a hundred in billboard magazine.
We'll have a bubbling under list.
Those who are right on the verge.
Those who aren't quite dead yet, but like just any second could be the last gasp.
This is a pretty impressive list so far.
We'll get it all just relaxed there.
It just grew up.
He already put this thing on here.
He's getting it put together.
Well, he'll add to it.
Which public figures death affected you the most?
I mean, to call and start, see, this is what these people do.
It's like when we did the thing for the best song of all time, you know?
And they start mentioning, oh well, that was a pretty good song.
Yeah, a lot of songs were a pretty good song, but not all those pretty good songs could have possibly been your favorite song.
I know it's hard.
It is very hard.
And you know, the choice too.
To pick only one.
It's like saying, what was your favorite meal of all time?
Well, I mean, how can you do that, you know?
I would say lunch had done in Bob's circa 1960 something.
And they didn't call the birders hamburger.
They called them ground rounds.
Yeah, ground rounds and white hots.
And the red hots were called Texas hots.
Why is that?
I have no idea.
Maybe one of our hot dog culinary experts out there will call him straightness out.
Somebody who really knows his weenies.
That is an important stuff.
JFK, Bobby Kennedy, Martin Luther King, John Lennon, Elvis, Princess Diana, Dale Earnhardt, John Wayne, Jerry Garcia.
JFK, Jr. Frank Sinatra, or Jackie.
Oh!
That's pretty good stuff to a good list.
And Phil Hartman.
No.
Wait, but he'll get more votes than half those people that are on there.
Okay, just a humor.
Okay, no.
No, see, I'm not going to set myself up for that.
Because the fact that you said that means that all those little nerds out there don't vote for Phil Hartman just to approve your point.
Just because you didn't want your need of stuff that he was involved with.
No, that's absolutely wrong.
I love Phil Hartman.
I was a big Phil Hartman fan.
He was plucked away at the pinnacle of his career.
But that affected you the most.
I could go down that with more than Elvis.
Okay, I'm going to put it on there.
It's on there.
Phil Hartman.
He died.
She blew his brains out.
Who knows what kind of funny stuff he could have come up with, you know, if he were still around.
Well, how about Steve Allen?
If you're going to start picking comedians, Steve Allen.
Yeah, I'm going to start picking.
There's a lot of parties in there.
No, no, I'm not going to see, but you're looking at it from a different angle.
Exactly.
It affected me the other direction, the other way.
But you didn't grow up watching Steve Allen on TV.
You didn't know Steve Allen before became seen Alan Olden ridiculous.
He was nothing to me, except he was certainly when it comes to comedy and television.
Old men heads and shoulders above Phil Hartman and believe me, I'm not putting down Phil Hartman.
It was great.
But here you put him in the same category with the Steve Allen.
Yeah, above.
How about Jack Benny?
Oh, no.
How about Jimmy Duranty?
How about Eddie Cantor?
Who?
1056 at 560.
There was a lot of dead people, okay?
Excuse us.
We're trying to make sure we don't leave anybody out.
Oh, God, Neon.
1103 at 560.
W.D. Cue him in a morbid Monday.
Boy, you don't want to start off with we talking about dead people?
Oh, you know.
Here's what a fact that says you're missing a big one.
James Dean.
What do you think about that?
I think James Dean belongs on LSD made three movies for crying out loud.
How about Richard Burton?
Doesn't he, dead?
Yeah, he's dead.
Oh, wait.
James Dean doesn't belong.
He made three movies.
He made the giant.
Right.
Rubble about a cause.
And what was the other one?
Come on.
He made three movies.
And then he got killed in that crime.
Plus the fact that he was, I don't want to say it.
Real tight would sell many.
There he goes.
Sell many.
Let's put him on the list.
So you're going to put James Dean on there.
Put some many on there.
It's all hype.
We're not talking about hype of people like that.
He made it a bit as big if he hadn't had died.
James Dean.
Of course, absolutely.
That's right.
That is absolutely correct.
People who became bigger in, more popular after they died.
That would be another great conversation for some other day.
But seriously, there's a lot of them.
Great example.
James Dean.
A legend in somebody's mind.
Never took a shower.
Never bathed.
They said he used to smell like a toilet, like a sewer.
He looked at it.
Like picky work.
I think they sell many of them.
Probably smell worse.
Here's the model in the Gables.
Hello.
I just wanted to say, if anybody's mentioned the cold brown,
how about Ron Goldman?
There you go.
You can put them on the same line.
We'll put them on the same line.
Okay.
Thank you.
How about Ron Goldman?
He died.
5.67.056.050.
Pound 568.
Died a horrible death at the hands of that butchering murderer who lives right down here in our neck of the woods.
I don't want to mention Oze by name.
Who killed those two people and still got about your assholes out there defending him and clamorizing.
Oh, you go, Oze.
Just like what's his name?
Just like Puffy.
See that similarity there, John?
Do you want to think about Johnny's cocking, man?
Big celebrity, big dark celebrity especially.
If you got the big bucks, no matter what the hell you did.
You got the magic touch.
He's got, he can touch it.
That's right.
And even if it does fit, he's still full of Schmidt.
That's what I say.
But Puffy says it wasn't Johnny.
It was Jesus.
What got him off?
Oh, Jesus got him off.
Because he's old all the time.
Like those guys coating him guns and trying to bribe the limo drivers.
That's right.
So Puffy walks away, Scott, for either of them.
That right.
You go, Puffy.
You go, boy.
Then it again.
Yeah, two pack.
Let's put him on there.
What do you say?
No.
How about six pack?
We'll put him on the same line with Biggie.
Here's a mobile and coconut crere.
Hello.
Hi, yes, I have a name for you, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have Victor Borgah.
Victor Borgah.
His death affected you the most, sir.
What is your son?
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm just going to pick up the papers here, both of them.
And I'm going to read the obvictuary page, OK?
I mean, listen to the question, boys and girls.
Which public figures death affected you the most
with significant?
Made you want to sit down and cry?
Made you feel like there was a loss?
I'm not talking about your brethren law,
who left all this money to somebody else or something like that.
I'm talking public figure.
Somebody famous, a celebrity, you know?
One of them.
Victor, freaking Borgah.
How about senior winces?
It's all right.
It's all right.
It's all right.
I hope that that isn't what you, I think it's going to be.
Bet you it is.
I bet you it's homentage.
Bet you it is.
And I guarantee I'm going to sit here and look at them.
I will not touch one.
But thanks Carlos.
Who are those from?
What?
You brought them?
Yeah, right.
They're hell you did.
And there's a card on it.
What is it?
What is it?
You look, they're not the kind that you like.
Oh, thank you.
So the Danful Enjoyment.
Dan and Andrew, family bakery, Lincoln Park West,
and Cerwise, thank you very much Dan and Andrew.
And they said over a bunch of those little triangle homentage,
which of course are for going.
But I'm sure they're very good and enjoy them.
George and everybody else.
See, I've got a whole new deal now.
I have a new diet, the counselor, who's helping me.
I'm going to lose eight million pounds.
And nobody believes me, but you'll see.
I have no interest in that, even if they were the other ones I wouldn't need them.
I'm through punishing myself with food that other people inflict on me and myself as well.
No, Cerwise, I have a new diet counselor, fairly for you.
Right.
It's his name.
Nanya.
Okay.
I'll tell you off here.
5667-0560, pound 560 on EAT and fee and provides.
Seriously, it's enough is enough already.
What's the point?
How many times has that happened?
The door opened and full wander's in here.
And because I'm weak, because I continue punishing myself and doing all these things,
I sit here and eat it and blame somebody else.
You can't keep doing that.
That's not worth it.
That's one of our favorite things as fat people as we blame other people for being big and fat and big to discuss things.
And I'm through doing it.
And you don't believe me, of course, but you'll see.
I want to believe you.
The Los Angeles Times reported that the conservative Republican state representative Marvin Couch resigned his office today.
He was caught a week ago while getting a $22 blow job at a noon time in the car in Orlando shopping center parking lot.
How much?
22 bucks, pretty cheap.
He was arrested on three must-a-meaner charges in the minute having paid prostitutes in the past.
Couch's married had six children and had earned a perfect voting record from the Christian Coalition of Florida.
He was a member of the legislators prayer meeting group that called itself the God Squad.
He lives in and represented Oveedo after having been caught.
He reportedly said, I've sinned against my God, my wife, my children, and the citizens I represent.
Yeah, religious morals suck, don't they, Marvin?
Most of all, Marvin is sinned against the leaders of the World Sex Guide because he didn't properly report his research findings to us.
A little research on the Internet revealed a good Marvin at a store-probe gun rating from the straw NRA and signed a letter to Disney complaining about their extending of health benefits to a homosexual lit-in partner.
So there you go.
Nice going, Marvin on the couch.
Loan me $22.
The hot metal was shut down and both the Russians had learned northwest at 1.
37th.
Yeah, bad accident.
Yeah, you really do believe I've got you.
Stay off the hot metal.
Yeah, you really have a bad smell.
Running down a steepy.
I'm just gonna stand in my way.
There's never stopped to go.
Now here on MCW, where you come from.
Haven't eaten a thing for too long today.
I tried what right and she can draw for nothing seems to work.
I'm a little bit tired.
I'm a little tired.
I'm a little tired.
Never realized I've got you.
Did you come to Germany with that?
Back off.
Oh man.
Here's the fact that says Liberace and Raak Hudson and the guy from the
affiliates people, Sherry Lewis and Landtops.
Landtops died too.
Oh yeah.
Didn't you know that?
I thought it was just her.
No, Landtops missing because...
But anyway...
How about...
Speaking of other facts, how about since they're showing it a billion times every
chance they get on MSNBC which just repeats the same pinchos over and over again and many
of them are very good.
But MSNBC repeats the same three shows over and over again.
You know what's one...
What is it called?
It's called headlines and headlines and something.
Yeah.
Headlines and celebrities, whatever.
The thing about the Brady bunch, they must have shown that piece 4,000 times.
And I didn't even like that show.
I didn't even watch the goddamn Brady bunch.
But Robert Reed, what about Robert Reed?
American Hensonson, American HedgeDead.
You're putting in a frog.
Jim Henson and the category with Robert Reed from the Brady Frickin bunch.
We go way further back than Robert Reed.
Everybody grew up on the Muppets and Sesame Street.
Everybody threw up on the Muppets.
Maybe that's why they looked like that.
Here's Alan who says I agree with George which he collected his spelling and actually
spelled it right.
Phil Hartman was one of the most talented actors of the 80s, 90s, perhaps longer.
If you don't want Giza's calling into your show, why do you insist on keeping them on
your list?
No hard feelings just trying to win them for the youth team.
Love the show, Alan.
Well, first of all, I did put Phil Hartman on list tonight.
Yes.
And number two, I mean, Giza's, Frank Sinatra is only for Giza.
And I don't like him.
Don't get me wrong.
I wouldn't vote for him.
I couldn't sing as well as a paper sack.
But we're talking about people who died like, let's say, in the last 45th of the years.
Right?
Okay.
You don't have to be a Giza, like Frank Sinatra.
That bad taste.
And how about Elvis?
How about Elvis?
It helps.
No, but how about Elvis?
What anybody's gonna be?
I'm catering to Giza's by putting Elvis on the list.
No, just a...
And how about John Lennon?
The beat of music was 60s, music 60s and 70s.
But John Wayne.
John Wayne died after John Lennon died.
He died after John Kennedy died.
He died after Martin Luther Cooon died.
But his dad died way many years before anybody.
But that's not the point.
How about Robert Reed?
The point is this.
They showed his movies.
You can watch his movies now.
Everybody, you can't find anybody.
If you went on the street corner, I went into shopping mall and said,
can't miss a Mott's Mott's Joe, John Wayne or Fay Wing.
They all know who John Wayne is.
Absolutely.
He was an icon.
There you go.
I know.
I couldn't stand John Wayne.
I mean, he couldn't...
He was a little crap, you know?
And of course, while he represented, he was the Cheltenheston of those days.
But nevertheless, Cheltenheston.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Here's a call from Tallahassee.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A couple of names.
John Belushi.
Jessica Savage.
Jessica Savage.
No.
Get the whole drug thing, man.
No.
John Belushi, maybe.
I mean, you're going to put a little harbing on there.
How about John Belushi?
Huh?
Well, there you go.
Okay.
John Belushi.
And Bob Lachner's career.
How about that?
That's not a bad idea.
Okay.
Anyway, we're off to the tag list, Dr. Lachner.
Good list.
John Belushi.
Okay.
See, now you started with a fulfillment thing.
They're going to have to put...
How about Gilder Radner?
How about her?
She's dead.
Yeah.
Cragic, sad.
Yeah.
Right.
Funny.
Funnyer than John Belushi.
To me.
To me.
To me.
Different stuff.
It made John Belushi was funny, where it was always the same thing.
She was very funny.
And then I was always the same thing with the one here.
Don't apologize.
Don't apologize.
Don't apologize.
Don't apologize.
There's a guy who is a him now as opposed to where Rosanne was an adana.
Which we have right here in town.
Yeah.
But he wouldn't get a lot of votes.
No, she would not.
To get Gene Wadder's vote.
That's about it.
See, I...
The idea that...
Steve Allen has compared to Phil Hartman.
It's Ludacris.
That's how those old clips...
I guess it's dated.
Must have been funny at the time.
The Steve Allen stuff...
The thing old clips doesn't mean you saw the shows, okay?
That's the best I can do.
That stuff back then was the best television in history.
And speaking of television, you see this thing about Tivo last night on the 60 minutes?
No.
You didn't?
No.
Oh, you really been to that.
And the heads of the networks are just crap in their pants now because Tivo, when I
forget what the other one is called, you know, where you had the little box on the TV set.
Oh, yeah.
It's with the hard drive inside.
And it records all the shows you want whenever you want them to.
Right.
And it can edit out the commercials.
And you can also, if you're watching the show live, you can pause it and go take a phone call for 10 minutes and come back and pick it up wherever you left off and see the rest of it without
rewinding or fast forward Tivo.
And so now the networks are frantically trying to figure out how the hell they're going to sell commercial time.
And most people are once they get those, which they will when they admit that.
They're going to be like dancing to the commercials and I watch it.
Oh, yeah.
Poo-bop-boot.
Tivo.
Let's see John Belushi, Divo, a Divo.
567-0560, 0560 on the AT&D line.
Mobile and Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How about Gerald Schultz?
That's a good one.
I think he's affected us more than any.
I think he affected us more than John Belushi.
Definitely more than John Belushi.
Yeah, good one.
Thank you.
You got it.
I agree with him.
Charles Schultz, peanuts.
Huh?
Sure, he was still working.
We're not asking was he still working?
I think that Lenshultz is in the face.
He's still working.
He's working over here.
The question is, Jackie, I was working.
Exactly.
You're making my point.
What?
Your question is, what?
Which public figures death affected you the most?
We have four.
We have people listening now, I would say, from 15 to 80.
If they were not making anything new anymore, their deaths would have a less chance of effect.
How about Henry Ford?
How about Charles Edison?
He wasn't making anything new anymore?
If they were done making whatever it was that they were not paying the whole thing.
Who cares?
He's still holding it.
You don't see what I'm saying.
If their career was already years over, what difference does their death make?
They're young.
They're young.
They were understained.
You're making the whole, and no, you don't.
The essence of the question is how they impacted your life.
Right.
And if they were still working, if they were still paying the product, they'd be priced.
No, I was working.
Gone.
Not if they were still working when they'd died necessarily.
That's not the point.
Charles Schurz wasn't really still working.
He was, like, food-written to an old fat.
How do you like that?
You're not good-written to fat old bad-rovers with bad tacky outfits and things.
Right.
And you have a point.
How about another double-choose, Barbara?
Elvis, come on.
Come on.
People can get monochast, Mary Olanzo, and Elvis to come over for once today.
And we can feed them all those humantations.
Thanks again to our good friends, which are through the cards away by giving them a plug already.
And their intentions were very good.
But I'm just not doing that anymore.
And nobody, not one person in the audience, well, maybe one.
But nobody else believes me.
You'll see, I got the inspiration now, baby.
No more fat for this kid.
What's the point?
Replay TV was that other product.
Replay TV and Tiro.
Those are the two brands.
And they are available now.
I mean, you can go out and get them.
They said they're like between 400 and 800 bucks.
And the only knock-on of the one guy said it takes like six hours to install it, especially if you have like satellite dishes and the whole bit.
But even if you have a satellite dish, it's like 20 or 30 of them like I do, and a cable and all the other.
You can still hook it through there.
And it downloads the schedules.
Downloads all the information from the sky, from the satellites.
And so you can, like, let's say you wanted to watch, or nothing about wrestling shows, you wanted to tape them on your hard drive.
And you could like punch up wrestling by, you know, category.
And it'll show you all the wrestling shows that are around that day, that week, whatever.
And you can tape them for that day or for the whole next month or whatever.
Whatever you want.
Or just pick out the ones you want to tape.
Can't wait.
Because unlike potsking around with the VCR, this is a hard drive.
It is so hard.
Exactly.
And so the commercials, baby, it's going to be just a matter of time before that.
And they're talking about, well, you see, like, on some of the shows, like, whatever, whichever one they picked out.
And in the background, in the hospital, there was like a soda machine, a generic one.
And they said, well, you know, one month it could be a Coke machine or if Pepsi wants to out-bed him, it could be a Pepsi machine.
They do it movies all the time.
Maybe that's how the sponsors are going to have to get in there some livable pitch.
Because people are going to be avoiding commercials on television like the plague.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi. Let's rely on two for you.
Okay.
One is Brian Jones.
Brian Jones.
Stone, Rolling Stone.
Yeah.
Okay. Well, he was, well, I guess, popular.
Okay. And I don't believe no one's mentioned Steve McQueen yet.
Steve McQueen.
Okay. Thanks.
We'll put those on the list.
No.
Brian Jones.
Steve McQueen.
How about some other Queen? How about Paul Lind?
Sure, effective that show.
Charles, Charles.
Charles, Charles.
Charles, that's why he's not in there.
Oh, he's not?
Not yet.
Oh.
He's, I think he's in the bubbling under.
How about the Charlie Weaver?
How about the Gourney Weaver?
How about, I mean, leave it out obvious.
How about Rick Weaver?
Oh.
Huh?
I mean, I see it.
There's a guy, I just, uh...
The fans are getting the blue, the blue, the, uh, blue, the white selection.
He died.
Yeah.
He did a great job here.
He wasn't a very pleasant guy and he smelled real bad, but, uh, he gets nothing.
I mean, he was like chopped liver.
He just vanished and like nobody other than the Hank who worked with him.
He was fined by me.
Treated with little people.
Okay.
Okay. Well, there you go.
No, he wasn't.
I'll say it again.
He was a real egomaniac and I remember Bill Carver and his wife and the Rick and his wife
and I, we once went to dinner and all Rick talked about the whole dinner was himself.
I mean, the whole meal was consumed with Rick Weaver talking about Rick Weaver, which it wasn't very a great company.
But, but anyway, there's a guy died.
Not that he was a big celebrity or in the category that kind of people were talking about, but just goes to show you in this town.
If you could make any marks, yeah, like even a mark on the ground would like whatever you got.
Like if you have like a chicken farm, if you can like leave a little peck or track behind it, whatever you leave, you know.
It's a miracle because they forget they blow you off here like nothing, you know.
Just like that Bob Gordon called me on there.
Remember that?
Anybody know who that is?
No.
But I remember who it was because he had a great looking son that I hired at WS News.
That's why I remember that.
Oh, the good news is a stake-in check after the hockey game after leaving that game flying out of there to make room for stake-in check Saturday night.
They got white people working on drives you again.
Some of them anyway.
Oh, I feel better.
Don't you feel relieved about that?
Tomuji Anoki.
It's coming.
Yeah, destruction.
I think in the street, it's the apocalyptic music event of a summer.
It's the great food there in concert.
And if you make it out alive, you'll be grateful too.
It's the grateful you're not dead to us during the great food.
Yeah, a bunch of fat middle aged men playing psychic Elegarat songs about peace and love while a new generation of anguish is coming.
And the young fans who totally missed the point of riot in the parking lot because they're pissed off and the boomers were taking all the good stuff.
Ultimately forcing the local authorities to cancel the show to prevent further injuries and loss of life.
It's the grateful you're not dead to your coming soon to prevent you near the youth, perhaps the victim's available.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
The man who got beaten up and midw qu them here's a great list.
He says these are dead ones killed me.
Tiger the dog from Brady Bunch, Brett Summers, Anisha Jones, Buffie from Family Affair.
I don't even know who that is.
Anisha Jones.
Tim Morrison, Bob Crane, Bill Cullen, Tennessee Oriny Ford, Lucille Baul, Lucie, Lucie.
Huh?
Icon if ever there was one.
Yeah, sure a lot bigger than Phil Hartman for you and your friend Alan. Yeah, sure what sure and John Balushi
Yeah, how do you compare Lucille ball? Well, you can't he hasn't been doing too much work lately though. Do you are lately? Oh?
But everybody loves Lucy
Dennis James who okay Dennis James
Okay, okay
Dennis James
Oh
My god see and you're like trying to pretend you're qualified to be participating in this
I think you should disqualify yourself right now Dennis James did the serial commercials all all those spots one of the great
Pitchment of all time he was like a
Legend on TV Dennis James real smooth voice. Okay. Okay. The end of every spot serial commercial like
Kellogg's okay. Okay. Okay. That's what you used to say. See he's got you doing okay. Okay. Yeah
What is wrong with you Dennis James New York Islander Brian Spinner Spencer Kevin Kitchens
Spanky L. Falfa and Buddy Holly
I'm gonna put on buddy Holly have a richie valentine to the big bottle. What are you saying? Oh, I mean we can't put everybody who died on here
What is wrong with you people, but it is a good list though?
Especially the dog from
Anyway, this is fantastic. I think John Pierre in the South Miami for facting you this
It's just because you're dead doesn't mean you can't make a good living especially if you happen to be famous while you're alive
lucrative licensing agreements and fat-worldly checks keep rolling in long after many celebrities have shuffled off this mortal coil
Consider Elvis last year the king pulled down an estimated thirty five million dollars fifteen million from Grace Land admissions making him the richest guy in the graveyard
Oh, yeah nipping at Elvis's ankle bones his peanuts creator Charles Schultz see that guy that called it who debuted his posthumous career by earning 20 million dollars since his death from Column Cancer Day
77 last year
Here are the Forbes list of the richest DC celebrities with their 2000 earnings
Elvis Presley 35 million for the king Charles Schultz 20 million plus John Lennon 20 million
Theodore Dr. Seuss Geessel Geessel. I don't even know who that is
I don't know what that guy's all
Oh, 10 guys all 17. I still know who this 17 million. I know watch Dr. Seuss Dr. Seuss the cat and the hat green eggs at him
I know what Dr. Seuss is but I don't read that and watch that I'm not in the kid's crap. Okay?
It's a kid at this point. I would I would hope not yeah, but you seem to know a lot about it
I was a kid once. Oh, you have a kid. That's right good excuse and was a kid and grew up with Dr. Seuss like most kid
Well, I didn't I didn't grow up with Dr. Seuss
That's right. That's not to be an old fan anyway
Plus he was ugly Jimmy Hendricks 10 million plus Bob Molly 10 million month Andy Warhol Warhol 8 million
Jay R here's another one. I have the Lord of the Rings author Jay R talking
Yeah, but
Sorry 7 million thanks, and after only 6 million boys of Piker Jerry Garcia 5 million
Keep hearing 4 million plus I have no idea who that is keep hearing no need
You got me how about Borscht in hearing who pickle hearing
Merlin Monroe 4 million and James Dean 3 million
Yeah, somebody also fact about Merlin Monroe
Should we put on a list? Yeah, well not yeah, huh?
She wasn't really could have made some more movies they cut her off of her. I don't know prime, but yeah
She was alright
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound so we'll put her on a list Charles Schulz
So we got how many names 2 4 6 8 10 12 14 16
Well, we got room for more on there. Why not?
There's a lot of famous dead people that you liked but it's not a question of did you like which public figures death affected you the most left
You like oh gee and then it ate that a shame like that's not what I would say
Come on
Stop like just throwing in a bunch of you know dead people for the hell of it
Here's a mobile in Miramar hello
Hey, I need you okay. Hey, I was thinking you forgot why I'll look at effect you but affected me with Stanley Kubrick
Stanley Kubrick
Clockwork orange you know full full metal jacket. Yeah, I know clockwork orange which kind of 2001
Right now right now. What actually I wanted space?
Anisey space space space anise to
2000 and then you don't think of your earth was in that one
but actually
Clockwork orange to me was the one to go because I'm about Malcolm McDowell
Try the line
Okay, I have a great thing. I know he's not dead. I just was checking you know testing him for his knowledge
What a grave is that nobody caught
Keith Herring is some artist
They took me out with a pulley teller who the hell Keith Herring is okay?
I don't even like pickled herring I sure is not gonna be a concern with Keith Herring anyway
Stanley Kubrick is you know was a great guy and it was we're not putting them last
Would you put him on the list? No, I'm not asking you he is not belong on this list
In addition to what James Dean is just so like I said he made three movies and it's all hype anyway
And anybody out there who's affected by life of James Dean must be some faggot, okay?
And us fags can put a lot more important names on there like how about Freddie Mercury?
How about him? This is named along on the list
Since they did so well musically, huh?
You were giving me a big song and an answer so we're the rest of the audience about my taste suck like crazy and Queen
My you couldn't get enough of being there all you had a resexual
You're putting Kurt Cobain in the same category with Freddie Mercury. I was doing stuff actively as a
That's not the point that is the point
Because if they if they're retired if it's over then they're not gonna affect your life when they die
Let me ask her once the last time that Queen came out with the CD. I don't know
But everybody has all this stuff for example John Wayne I grew up thinking he was dead
So when they told me that he died I didn't I grew up hoping that he'd be dead, okay?
And eventually he died. Yeah
So what goes around comes around now I'm not gonna
Well, I would put Freddie on the list Freddie Mercury. Yeah, no. I just was testing it
No, you can't we can't start putting every dead singer on the god damn list. I mean Jim Morrison
John Lennon of course has to be on list that goes without saying
But Jim Morrison didn't represent something that anybody like John Lennon did other than maybe like drugs
Oh
Here we go
Oh, and there's the cheerleaders on it with their pom-poms Trent Lotton CNN right now
Discussion yeah, oh
Runs so you're so big
Oh, well, I've lost my soul was wrong with Lisa Marie
Now we gotta put it up the family trees
I'm sending in my grave and I'm about to throw up I get his ass if I could get dug up
Oh
Well my legs are right
I'm still off to cold in the grave. I got a nasty call a king of pots pop the night
But I got by bus
If I could get
Well a break is going to give him two black eyes and nose
Well to its original side I bleach his skin till he's all gone
Abandoned over while a cheer plugs off so do me a favor if you love me
Bring a back hold to the same Atari you there's a lot of love and pet a pie. I got a beat up
But I can't unless I get dug up
Oh
Somebody dig me up 16 to lune at 560 everybody and their brother not only as an opinion who should be on list
But how we ought to do the list and it's amazing. We're gonna have like 50,000 votes on this thing today
Uh-huh says hand bishop and affected white Lottardale's eating ass. That's pretty interesting
Right still eating ass is what I'm here and I was going to wipe baby
Wonder if he ever got into Diane Magams
Here's Chris Folly Merlin Monroe Lucie Chris Folly no
Merlin Monroe's on the list Lucille ball I
Love loosely
Rock Hudson
Nothing Rock Hudson belongs. I'm a terrible figure fags out there. No, it's not that it was big
But the fact that the now see you're again. You're missing. You're just not getting it
Why can't I communicate with you pipple out there and this one in here? I get it
Which public figures death affected you the most now the way he died the fact he died from AIDS and was the first
Personality public figure who died from it even when we lied through his teeth. It was too late and couldn't lie anymore. Is he the first or just
Well, Tommy who was I don't know. I wasn't he was the first
well-known person who anybody even knew had AIDS a little like Robert Reed they died
They lied about that and they found it after long after his death or months after his death
They found it on his death certificate in the password. He lied
He died any lied. Yeah, you know that Brady Bunch thing and on
MSNBC
Florence had just in his going on with her thing a Western oil that she's care
That's another thing. You know she's always got that jug of Western oil
Just in case it's a yeah, yeah, you never know just to keep it handy in case
But anyway, and she's going on about well, you know, he was such a private person. There was nobody's business. Well
I have mixed feelings about that
Plus the fact that he was a real
Waco on top of that. Did you ever see that thing? Yes, I did
How can you miss and the way that he was a
insistent on a script being entirely accurate looking up things in the dictionary
I mean it was not a silly show he took himself way too seriously and then of course when they give him a
Chant to the stupid shows the variety shows and he was on their singing and missing and dancing that was okay
So we're not putting Robert Reed on a list. Okay. We'll put rock Hudson on there for us take a list
Okay
How about Judy Garland?
So I'm where I mean we agree on her music. She was the best but no
How about Liza Manelli she's not dead yet, but many of us are I don't want to say hoping that would be bad
That would be bad for a modicone like me to say that about Liza Manelli that notorious bag hang that would be very bad
Can't stand that bitch. Here's what it says. What about Jesus? There you go
Yeah, what would Jesus do about this list?
Now we don't put sloppy dressers on there, okay?
Here's an interesting fact from Keith and four Myers who says how about my pet dog or cat?
He says I don't let publicity determine the severity of effect in my life
Can you imagine that the effect at losing tiny or your big dog would have a new versus the death of hacks and has been who because of the
Noterati where wealth and the dry
Rank and drug themselves to death maybe I'm a quarter or instead of a bitch, but now you got a good point there Keith
But that's not what we're talking about
I'm not saying did did when Lucille Brawl died it affected as much as when Snuggles died or something like that. That's not the point
Or like when you're you know father died and you know broke you out of the will or you know something like that
I mean there are people I'm waiting to see there were bitch worried a paper every day and I keep checking still not there
Damn it
By the way Keith and four Myers says PS is raining here
So be able to catch you from new to two PSS
Sparkles definitely bring that property by yours. Thank you Keith and four Myers
Here's another one that says mother to research should be on your list
She died at almost the same time as Princess Diana, but the world paid attention only the death of Diana
Mother Teresa was one of the few great non-materialistic humanitarian in the world says Dave and keep her skin
I guess you're figuring about the fact that she caused all that misery and suffering just like the Pope going around preaching all that
Okay, a crap and making people out a lot of unwanted babies and speaking out against the use of a contraceptives and
Sedron so on and a Bosch and things like that
Just like most people in the hierarchy of the Catholic Church and an inflictor of pain and suffering and
A wrinkled up old bitch on top of it
Yeah, they showed her from our 15 seconds that weekend and all the rest of the time we had to see Diana who allegedly was young and glamorous
Well, they got the young part right was she beautiful. No, she glamorous. No, no
She was this another plastic bitch from that royal family just another money grab and bitch
Here's one that says George is right only less people who died in their prime preferably from some violent cause her from a massive drug overdose
There you go. That's a good idea now get Kurt Cobain on there. No, don't don't do it
What he got their beast I
Didn't mention what a great job the beast did here last money and actually said good things about me on the year over the weekend
Which we heard thanks be
It says how about Joe to measure your Andy Kaufman
No
How about Ralph S. Kaufman the Georgia's Copman whatever his name was Ralph Kaufman's a harness driver. How about your
Just Kaufman how about Ben Sir how about George and go ahead right? How about the Eddie Cohn?
I'm not gonna say Marty Cohen how about Eddie. How about him?
Can't write no more praying
Joe the man you already say how do you've gone to even wrongs out of list? I sure why not oh Merlin and Rokin be on there
Although I don't believe that she ever let him actually touch her. Yeah. Oh
Probably a couple times. No, no, no, don't say that. That's like a
Justin Tinkerbell there like in Britney Spears. You don't really believe that do you know? I heard that she was Jolton Joe. Oh
Really
Yeah
I'm not I have a great line for that, but we need to need the job
Here's one from Harris who says is a baby woman with a death of Michael Landon and the Nasdaq sure if you affected
This somewhat yeah the Nasdaq that's my favorite
Yeah, whoever Nasdaq is he's dead down another 14 right now
Michael Landon now what a coin and he this guy probably saw the thing also on MSNBC this weekend legends and headliners
Whatever that thing is the same six shows they have over and over again Michael Landon was good
Little Joe
Yeah, and it looked pretty good to as a matter of fact little Jew little no, he was not a Jew sure he was
Want me Michael Landon was a Jew that's why little house on the prayer you never heard the word Jesus in the church
It was always God this God. He was playing a priest in that one show was the last it was it not us the one they did before that
For the collar on who was playing a priest
Which is connecting Michael Landon wasn't Jewish trust me. I don't trust you when it comes to the two guys
Hey, if any Jews out there George comes you says trust me don't do it. Not a good idea. I
Say no, I don't think so. It's just those Israelis
It'll trust them. I tell him if you're on that
Okay, no Michael Landon's not going on, but he was you know, he was significant
His you know, he had a lot of work lately even for Kodak, but he was he was pretty good. He had big hair
He was good looking. He was a very good looking guy
Not that you would know, but he was he was no John Schroeder, but he's not dead yet
Who John Schroeder who's that?
From the dukes of hazard was that a night? Did I say Schroeder? Yeah, you're thinking of rich
No, I'm thinking of her Charles Schroeder. Schroeder shows going to the dogs
Linus
But anyway, so I say Rick Schroeder. Yeah, Rick Schroeder. There's a really good. Gile. Let's hope that he dies so we can talk about him
I think it's this is finally cleared up his tips is I didn't know he was Jewish. Is he Jewish at all?
Let's ask if Michael Landon was orthodox. Okay, anybody out there know that Michael Landon was Jewish
I don't believe that Dynas show was Jewish. How about her? Is she dead?
Don't you sure? Yes, she did. I think so see the USA in your share. We're like what you never saw that
Yes, yeah, that was what she was famous for cream singer land of a paper sack
See the USA she couldn't sing a note, but she was okay till they did this is your life without favorites
I've told this before her name was Rose Fanny Shore or something like that and when it came out on there that she was Jewish
She had a look at her post like oh, where do I hide the attissues, you know?
Man, where do I hide the Mazusa?
Here's Miami Lake. He left upon the okay, good nice talking to you. That's not like Bob Gordon
Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Okay. How you doing? Pretty good
I'm Mike before I get to my my co-land in West, Jewish he had some Polish his real name was like a Polish name
Oh, I don't remember I'm wondering I remember without him is after he got diagnosed
I think he had pancreatic cancer, which is like a death sentence
Right he came on Johnny Carson. I don't know if they showed the clip on that on the show
I'm talking about an MSNBC. They showed that I mean whatever else you want to say about the guy
Yeah, that takes a ball. Yeah, he went he went out with class. That's right
He had a little press conference then he came on Carson one last time and he died, you know
I mean, you know, yeah
This one I don't know if anybody's mentioned and it just what it happened it hit me much harder than I would have expected
And yeah, I think it goes to prove how good of a job he did and what he did and that was when Harry Kerry died
I felt just so sad you know something I have now George Wolling degree because you're not a sports nerd
But I'm not carrying I'm putting on the list because you know something I
I was not somebody the other day when I got my satellite dish
I started watching the cubs because I don't care about the cubs because they're Harry Kerry and then after he died
I stopped watching the cub games
I don't care about the cubs anymore than I used to before but I watched mostly for Harry because he made an exciting and entertaining
I was I was in college at Michigan State actually
When he first started broadcasting for the cubs it was on the cable hey Neil
We had nothing to do during the summer up there. It was the early 80s or a gallery session
We used to watch the cops every afternoon
I just started to he was like he was your friend and when he died how about Mel Allen see that's before my time
But I'm not knocking it, but I can't
But Prince
How about Bill and you it okay you go again? I'm I'm faster you and you go before
I brought the Brooks, but you understand what I'm saying sure these guys who are good at what they did
Right these sportscasters you really felt like they were your friend
Mm-hmm and when I went to Cooper's town and you have Harry bottle cap
Coat bottle glasses there, right, you know, you just say oh it makes you feel sad
So it's kind of strange, but yeah, you're right. I'm putting him on the list. Well, that's good
I wanted to raise one other thing if I can't off the topic on
You said you went to the hockey game Saturday briefly. Yeah, I didn't go I went
So I don't know how they'll steer and go and I flew out of there and even though least you know
I went home while we watch the rest, but that was a disgusting performance by the leaves terrible. I went Friday
Which was an exciting game for two periods, but the Saturday game I had on the TV and it was a seven o'clock start
And I think this tells you that one of the things that's wrong with the NHL
I also put on at 7 30 was I don't know if you were aware of this was Michigan State University of Michigan
We're playing in the CCHA final. No, so it started to half hour later. It was on the small dish on Fox Sports Detroit
It started to half hour later, but it ended in real time about five minutes after the Panthers game
Because they don't have all the PS they don't have all the music in between everything right
They don't have all these commercial and hockey games know and not worth a crap unless you got we a lot of blurring music
Just driving the people nuts and making it deaf and so you can't hear the people are talking to you
This game was three times more exciting, right?
Toronto right. I'm sure that and you know, and it was
In addition to what since you mentioned and I wasn't going to bring it up
But it's really nauseating but typical to me that they had standing on a Friday because Mario was here
And I'll admit Mario is the best player in the world
But Mario isn't nearly as there's a difference between being the best and the most exciting right and pop out
Like I've said now since he's come here is the most exciting player who plays the game today anywhere in the world
And he is so much on fire now. It's unbelievable and yet they will not pack the place and nobody comes to see him play
So the idea that the hype once again the hype wins over and I got standing them only the only song out of there because Mario's in town
But probably they can see like you know 41 times a year
Forget about it any time he touches the puck in the year. Yeah, don't know what I'm saying
I'm going just to see him because you know, it's the rest of it is pathetic
But Jesus Christ. I mean there's no comparison and they they don't appreciate what they got
But I just thought it was interesting how much
Quicker the game went and how much more exciting it was without all that crap. Yeah, but the NHL
Well, too bad they can't speed it up like a baseball game. I agree. Have a great day pal
Well, here's the Harry goodbye. Okay. Like one of those four-hour baseball games
Five to and it won't be long. Maybe we'll be having those games on in the daytime here
It's all the next abishing games that they're gonna get a bit and I love Gildey sucking this morning
They're up there at the and Vera Vera and Gildey's in oh yeah, well. I'm sure you know starting this year
It's gonna be a better team and the fans will slowly start coming back
Man, why are you such a suckhold Gildey? Why are you and the people on that morning show such little suck holes, huh?
Suffer Joe that let the Tory have a day and even David J. Neil ice-cold their schwarz schwarz boy
I guess it must have been his question that got interrupted in the press conference last week because he were wrote a
Skaving commentary about Viltory and his intempered behavior in commentary nice going there David
You sure got that Michael Russo beef that little tub of crap a cup plan
I don't but man and I trust you are too
You
The
see i'm sitting here doing the survey today in generally when i take a poll i
got some idea what my votes can be
and i'm looking through this list here and uh... to be honest with the on
pretty damn unimpressed
uh...
i'm not saying it's not a good list as far as the choices but i'm talking about
me personal
was i all broken up about Charles Charlestown
no because i don't be comic so i'd like to know that i don't know if that i
never read peanuts and
you know peanuts was okay but uh... no difference to me
jerry garcia am i a dead head no i don't think so
because that were one of those times i'll tell you that
although i do like chery garcia
probably would have no fish food we would have no cherry garcia if we're
for uh... grateful dead
frank sanatra jackey
looking up and down this list i'm looking for i mean john lennon
uh...
that was sad
uh...
gun down and like that
jfk
would have been my vote except for the fact that this guy called in harry
plus the fact that was thirty eight years ago
although there's there again there's a difference we can argue we go into
the fine i'd about you know whether the guy was in the prime of his life and
the guy was still a present harry carry was a dot or a gold guy who kept
having strokes and falling down so you know that's part of it too
will be we'll be doing that on next survey which one of these died the most
gruesome death that made you like you know pica got shot does that impact
it more if they died you know tragically suddenly if they sit were sick for
a long time in the new is coming well they have like figure pull like a
figure skating a point for that you know
style points
here's a mobile at north mind me beach hello
yes sir somebody that felt like a grandfather or uncle that died
yeah
yeah
uh
he was you know i don't want to expect him to make the list no he was a great
guy yeah he was okay and i frank zappa
and he was okay thanks me okay see on the cockamoon unit
anybody ever check out moons unit five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
what the hell just scrolled on here oh my god look at oh
fact is just born always the Rochester Donna Bob's thing
catch you miss the beginning of the show what was that she keeps
the
yeah give him it queen steady mercury i know who it is but i mean what while we're
going to be playing with the queen oh i see
michael land and his name was Eugene Maurice Orwells i told you was Jewish
you
Eugene Maurice Orwells
oh
born in forest hills new york
what a javelin throwing scholarship to the university of southern uh
something it doesn't say what there's no say
capinoe university of southern but that ends there
well i'm sure there's more of this coming where the good stuff started thank you
very much
yeah are we ever going to get this pool going huh we'd better get it
going Eric we better get it up into poll two
because i'd like to have some votes on here before we leave for the day
five six seven oh five but we still take some other ideas we'll probably say uh
no to most of them because we don't want to get Eric all screwed up there
we got plenty of names which public figures death affected you the most
damn it JFK Bobby Kennedy Martin Luther King John Lennon Elvis
princess Diana how about the Lindbergh baby uh they learned hard
John Wayne how could you say John Wayne doesn't belong on a list that is so
it's ridiculous not going to have affected anyone
it'll be like one in the last three
Jerry Garcia JFK Jr. Frank Sinatra Jackie
oh Phil Hartman John Baluchia I don't think he belongs on that list
probably not what the hell okay put them on there anyway for scale
yeah well we hit a lot of people like the animal house
right blues brothers blues brothers how about the act right oh he's still alive
Charles Schultz and Marilyn Monroe Rock Hudson Joe Demaggio and Harry Kary
he died yeah here's open park hello hello Neil I was the JFK but I got four names for you
there not too please uh uh big big changing uh the guy in the issue area of
your own uh-huh the honorable you okay great five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T movement and Verizon wireless line that was pretty
good when that good here's the lady mobile and deity hello
I'm the one of my uh that affected me the most with Thorgood Marshall
really yeah Thorgood Marshall he's all of our rights as we know it or
how about how about her but Marshall yeah how about Peter Marshall
I don't know about that from the Hollywood Square I think he's still alive
yeah probably okay thanks thanks what you say Thorgood Marshall is he going on the list
no huh no no you talking about well I mean she's being honest with affected her she
shed a tear too she sat down and balled like a baby and that's just the way it is
she just telling you how it affected her see one thing about many of you people out
there and this is very important some more some pearls of wisdom from the fatal
fact on a radio and that is that many people especially in this country think
that there is like some kind of a uh uh predictability there's a form and
like people are supposed to behave or react in a certain way it's like the
pull question you know you believe in God is there an all of that crap you
believe in heaven and hell all of this garbage
and when you know and people make him up with some oddball things and who the
hell am I to say that if you thought that when uh Ish Kabibble died that was
like uh uh um Hermione Gingold maybe you like Hermione Gingold George is
looking like who the hell was that no many of business some old Jew who used to
be on crucial that's book of life he'll give you a whole life story
Hermione Gingold Hans Conrad Panaman Quiz Mike Stokey but he's dead oh no not
Mike Stokey Jesus Christ there's so much of that going
around
so you know different strokes for different folks different stokes
how about Marie Stokes who?
I have no penis
strange things in my box they're crawling round here chewing on my
balls this is revenge here yes I should have been a nicer guy on earth
nibbling at my brain are tiny critters I know this for sure this place is a
sh**ter I've done better dives than this could someone turn on the f**king
life
yeah strange things I have done or should I say that I have ordered it to be done
like cooling while with people's knee caps with a gun
but things go for fun hey it passed the time away but look it's time to pass away so
though I may be gone I'm not forgotten how just decompose and smell kind of rotten
I'm just real worm food the strange things in this box
hey close the left for Christ Stoke would you get stuck
I hate when that happens well this thing sure have a long fade out
there is Delta see I didn't realize that okay at 12.15 at 5.60 here's the info on
Hermione Gingold how do you like that
died May 24th 1987 of cardiac problems in pneumonia she was uh 90 years old perhaps
best remembered from her role in Gigi and of course notable TV gets the
princess Hermione Gingold anybody know who that is no just named Bokobrine whoever
fact knew this anyway Michael Landon went to the University of Southern California
and won a javelin throwing scholarship at the U.S.C but eventually lost his scholarship due to
a torn ligament which also went in his athletic career how you like that he could have been
athlete he was the only actor so far oh they're hockin and banging again down there
they're banging on it oh maybe that's Frankie trying to bang his well out of the box
Michael Landon was the only actor so far to have three consecutive shows on tv each of which ran
for five years or more which they pointed out in that very moving piece on MSNVC over the weekend
he should be on our list shouldn't he yeah I think so yeah let's get Michael Landon on there
maybe it's a big star I'm sorry but he really gets got to be on there I'm not gonna cost nothing
huh yeah put Michael Landon on there how about you get to a few vote
anyway each of which ran for five years or more more Nanzan 1959 273 little house on the Prairie
rhymes with Mary and highway to heaven that's one where he had the Getschkees go collar on the
priest I believe and Turd at Hillside Memorial Park Culver City California Turd
Turd you turd right so there go Michael Landon he was a good guy never still a freight train his
idea was to portray to put television programs on without sex or violence which of course a lot of
us we could do without the violence part without the sex part well we're not too happy about that
that's what John Schroder I mean John Schneider said I gotta get me credit for one thing I didn't
watch that show dukes of hazard did not watch that show as much as I love John Schneider couldn't I
couldn't handle it couldn't dukes yeah please that's what I'm saying even Daisy wasn't good in
I mean I like what I would like to get a pick in naked just once but I mean you've got to admit
he was a good looking guy John yeah sure whatever let's say sure whatever okay he was a
very he looked like a gump like a like what he was on that show a a yokeal
a hick a mugwomp
John Schneider was a very very good looking man and you know who played Michael Landon and the
movie that they did on him John Schneider very good good guess for you to sit in that chair and
to be talking about John Schneider being a mugwomp and whatever you what all those other adjectives
John Schneider looked about as good as you can look it's okay too much better than that okay trust me
thank you from somebody I trust who knows about such things he was no Daisy chain here's Miami hello
hello yes sir hey what's up now how you doing what about Jim Hanson yeah George mentioned that
before but it's over to people off the year but I didn't want to repeat it all right come on okay thank you
part of a lot of people's love okay Jim Jim Lincoln Hanson okay God damn it Jim Hanson and with his
guy damn muppets still cranking up how about a Bert Tillstrom and Cooper-Fran and Oli hey you're
just about to say who Cooper-Fran and how about Frank Allison how about uh Buffalo Bob you beat me
too but you know what I was gonna say Buffalo Bob hey kids what time is it it's out of the duty class
it's out of the duty there you go Buffalo Bob now he is dead in me uh Buffalo Bob Smith yeah that's
gotta be on the list Eric I'm sorry to keep adding these on here how about Elmer Conrad
who I gotta be we're in Francis O'Hare someone called about that uh off the
Francis O'Hare yes no they didn't yeah they did what do you mean someone called off the
Ernst at Francis O'Hare and I didn't think that you down he was my favorite harness driver of all
time he's an old man great he could he could drive one baby one a lot of money on the old Francis
Franco here from Flushing Michigan so he keeps throwing those guy damn buggy horse drivers in there
you bet just to show Dick Feinberg I know my crap speaking of all here but anyway Buffalo Bob he's
gotta be on the list I bet he gets lots of votes because let's face it uh oh yeah and he's not dead
Mr. Green jeans what else is name Mr. Green jeans not Mr. Green jeans well what what what was that
show I'm not saying good captain kangaroo was his bobcation bobcation is he dead I don't think so
okay thank god because he would have to be on the list he would just like skip a rough
chuck would have to be either the green jeans Mr. Green's in there yes yeah and I think bunny rabbit
now how about Mr. Rawa and that playing backpipes what is he called Mr. Rawa
that's a nickname Mr. and Mr. Nicknick yeah Mr. Nicknick there you go I see those silly
stuck in the bagpipe sir the honky him Saturday yeah it's metante boy yeah saw a couple guys
trying to you know rub their hands up and down on it so there you go Buffalo Bob and Jim Henson
they're on the list for you opinion he asked people to keep persistent but Buffalo Bob definitely
but now as we perfect this thing you know we'll find some really important dead people who just
who's death just traumatized you maybe you want to sit on the curb side and cry for days how about
Clarebell who how about Dayton Allen why not Dayton who you don't know who Dayton Allen was no that
was his famous line why not with the finger he was with a finger up in there not not this one but
yeah from the Steve Allen show which you don't seem to have too much fun memories those since it's
before your time right how about Jackie Gleason what about it he should be big down here sure
author godfrey that anti-semphatic and into street after freaking out their godfrey well watch the
hood later called Heinrich Himmler street on the way on the beach can you I still can't get over
the thing won't take that name off of there author godfrey road is the FBI building still the
J Edgar Hoover building the gay Edgar Hoover now yeah how about him how about the death of J Edgar
Hoover your gay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the a this is good stuff today
gonna have a good battle on our hands to princess Diana's in second place oh no
behind whom John Lennon oh has seven looks you know I can I can live with that he didn't but
Diana's got six JFK five they'll earn hearts got four John Belushi's got three so I guess that
he did belong in a list till Harman's got a pair Harry carry with two one of which is mine
Frank Sinatra two Martin Luther Coons got two how come he's only got two Charles Schulz has got one
how could JFK be on here again oh oh JFK oh no juniors beating senior JFK juniors got five
both and seniors only got one I could have told you that would happen
JFK juniors was about as important as a fruit fly oh no he was the crown prince
as a great guy as a baklava which I'm sure Tate did a hell of a lot better he was a good looking man
you know he was not he wasn't even that they all kept saying over and over again the media
senior was a good looking man Bobby was a good looking man
John Henry was a pile driving I never so we got started in the bind at Barclum
uh Joe Dema is yours got one Buffalo Bob's already got one we just put him on there John Wayne
with one Jerry Garcia was one nobody else has any including poor little Michael landed don't have
any how about if they're death because they thought it was due positively see if you wouldn't
say he was Jewish what what if their deaths actually cheered you up does that warrant a vote no
you mean like JFK juniors oh I was thinking more long lines of break hate you oh
oh he's not that he's not dead yet but before I can just I can see that I don't want him to take
it personal you know but I can just see you dancing oh this might be Eddie and where is it
West Miami he's getting around hello hello Neil yes what's not yes sir no idea good John
dying thing was you going around how about more last week yeah more town he's junior but I
don't think he belongs unless to you no the opposite okay like maybe what George just said about
people you were kind of happy about it exactly anyway I was at the game uh tary night at section 102
right I was here in the guy squeeze the bag yeah wasn't that something right and when uh Toronto
side the game I saw someone next to me stand up the only guy in the vicinity coffee with a little
yellow maybe leave jacket uh-huh guess that was you that was me that I didn't see the rest of the
now after after after after bird after bird got the third goal we flew out of there I said let's go
get get the hell out of this place but they came back here they came I saw that but I mean they
they missed the bus they didn't even show up and they still won the game which you'd tell you
alive well like the paper said the final score was leaves five in burray three you know no robby
all right that must be it yeah Rob yeah no it was no Peter that was it but I wanted to be done
it yeah no Peter okay that huh quick request yeah I'm gonna talk about John Wayne today uh-huh
I'm an asshole song okay thanks you bet I'm an asshole are you talking about Dennis Liri
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for right that's pretty long you know
what's that under that's just under plain old asshole yes
parenthesis oh it's under plain old asshole yeah I'm not gonna play it for too long
but I think the guys want to watch a little taste give that guy a little taste to just call
squirts work okay folks I'd like to
so just a little help and off the what does that mean about the way to speak about the way
our American heart beat number god keeps you a lot of the weather's big too remember that
about that special feeling that'll take you to keep your beak out of my uh what's the length
not a lot maybe let's have a look keep your beak out of my bike that's what they say in the
locker room say what are you doing there in the dark 5 6 7 0 5 60 and maybe he was listening to
FTL he was doing something with a light bulb
5 60 on the AT&T and for eyes on wireless line cordon cheat you all
what about Robert Denero he's still alive how about some like famous uh really uh how about
Humphrey Bogart what about it you dead then he died before most of us were born
yeah as a matter of fact I never thought he was so that much of a big deal you know although you
got a now you saw Kane Newton then Kane Newton he was great he was great in that one my
African queen to an extent Johnny Mathis records
George likes the African queen now we're after in the music stuff now we're doing dead people okay
and he's still alive George likes the African queen Johnny mattress
you flush back him don't get in that Mercedes princess I would beg and please pop the rock
these coming happy you you gonna crash if you will know where it's
guides for you oh princess I don't bring so style
he's really going to a tunnel hello walk
okay so it's a seven time I'm sorry today because it's I don't know why bizarre John
learning 16 princess Diana 15 JFK 8 Dale Earnhardt 7 JFK Jr 7
God can you can you believe that JFK Jr has got seven votes at the honey Jr. Martin Luther King
5 John Belushi 5 Phil Harman with faux hair it carried with four he got my vote it might be
it could be he's dead before that he make it different he was like one in a boot and there'll
never be another one thanks for not your Elvis each have three oh thank the Lord Elvis only has three
that makes me feel much better about life in general John Wayne with a pair Bobby Kennedy with the
two Jerry Garcia and Joe Dimash who each have a pair Charles Schultz and Michael Landon and Jim
Hanson each have one Buffalo Bob has only one Buffalo Bob has got only one vote what is
wrong with you people out there but here's a great fact that says company didn't mention that
that you mentioned the past Elizabeth Montgomery and William Conrad loved them both both
not just good actor and actress but really super people tremendous people
and it says here's a test for your listeners listen very carefully all you people out there turn
up the radio and just sit down listen here's a test for your listeners if you really think of
famous person is bigger lost than a loved one something is very very wrong to which I say
right that's why all that's phony bull crap but the the of the TV manipulating the public with the
JFK junior and the plane crash and Diana and the car crash well what the hell did she ever do
what did what did she represent especially the people in this country how come all of us oh yeah
now she's on top this must be bogus how she's in a lead
protest eyes in the lead yeah she just moved ahead with 17 votes this this is going on joking
I'm not joking that's what it says on there this has to be today's bogus you know every time we do
one of these kind of polls there's one bogus one just to piss me off she represents silly people
worshipping royalty right she represents a snobbery and snoovingness and silliness in a tremendous
waste of money and a bunch of crap the opposite of every and that's just her but also the what's
the name from the big department store that the the father-in-law the Arabs yeah what that was his name
the dobi how do you do the how do you do these something like that all the law will be a falloff
yeah whatever his name was do be do be do be yeah if I had there yeah whatever his name was some
laundry head anyway here's what it says the seven challenge restaurants well I mean that's
first of all they want celebrities number one but I mean I can't understand that before they
went up there there no oh oh oh bad that was bad how about the school teacher she's still dead
clear to the other one please add these two to your list speaking of dead people Sam Kineson and
Stan Major's career very good now here's why I'm going to have to censor this is a little bit
emotional it says one reason I love Michael Landon was that Tom jica hated him jica made him at
some convention LA and asked some stupid questions to which land and rip that fat schmock it says with
a f a huge ass ever since and especially since his death Tom asshole jica has tarnished the land
and land and memory I only wish Tom jica could make your list I would pee on his picture it says piss
I pee on his picture every Sunday in the paper and if I ever met him in person I kick him in his ass
Tom jica is the problem that South Florida can't get rid of signed Mrs. jica oh there you go Tom they
love you baby and the lovey even better when you more you see that they have bogus one is princess
Diana I can see the way that they're coming in now you're not fooling us okay but if you want to
make you feel better here's poppano hello hey Neil yes sir I uh I got to get my vote in for this guy
even not Louis Williams I was feeling you can disagree with me okay okay my man but wait wait a
minute how can I disagree with you when you're giving me your personal opinion this guy had a great
influence on my life and music background and that's Bob Marley yeah well he made he's on the list
of uh dead people made a ton of money last year if I can find that thing if I didn't Schmidt can it
you know he made millions last year three million dollars he's been dead for years yeah and he died
like at the peak of his career and I think that you know everything after that as far as Roy
you know the same yeah man okay man okay thanks happy you're sick as I think I must have
Schmidt can't that list over here that was quick that's well there's just too many facts is coming
in here and including the one about Don and Bob's in bright in New York closing right next to the
uh elementary school I went to school Don and Bob's closes if I close on chapter in so many of
our lives and do we get a lot of calls about that no we get a lot of response no no
now I'll tell you one thing even though I'm on this new strict uh no eating thing I'm going to have
a white hot here soon these next to a couple of days before I get out of here on vacation I'm going
to have a me a white hot or something that looks like one five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty where's it go on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's Tamara hello how you doing pretty good
got some names to the list okay go Shannon and Johnny most Johnny most we was wrong
we're wrong
he's got no balls
that's not the best all the ball back come down yeah he was he was good
I thought I mean he was 150 years old for Christ's sake
I was the first one before Johnny most
tell Shannon oh tell Shannon he's got his suicide
blueless brain sound
and now he died yeah five six seven oh five
fifty I'll tell you who must also be on the cusp like in the bubbling others got to be
dumb deli he's he's got to be getting real close dangerous that's about another half a pound
that's it
here's the lady a mobile in four-lettered ale hello hi yes ma'am hi Neil god I've listen to forever I
love you I've never called you before great great thank you awesome thank you and I have a
suggestion uh-huh um how about Kurt Cobain maybe for your younger listeners yeah
um oh George George suggested I guess we'll put him on there I guess he must be on there okay cool
oh well he was pretty a smarmy but I'll put him on there anyway thanks thanks a lot all right
now go ahead Eric let's put Kurt Cobain on there huh make George happy only because
the cut you like drugs that's why you're a drug addict and it's one of those drugs you know he
like buying and selling and by what we got the good deals coming up what he was also cut off right
at the height of what he was doing he was cutting it you know with the razor blade although we all
believe that Courtney did it Courtney's cock she shot him yeah full of music um huh bitch yeah smart
day he was still a smarmy scumbag though sure yeah but what he wanted was from Seattle for then
again so with the candidates there were some army scumbags they were like yeah I just they were
like more dignified smart we scumbag they did like more like intellectual or smarminist like
Ted David says about Wall Street you know intellectual Las Vegas the Kennedys were like intellectual
thieves as opposed to like the mobsters were like more common because I guess they were Italian
or the Kennedys were Irish maybe that's the difference between the Irish show mobsters and the
Italian is that the Irish were like a little more dignified like you know the old man if we lose
the old man 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and T and Verizon wireless line what about Marlon
Brando he's not dead yet but he's also got to be in the 100 bubbling under another three quarters
of a pound that's it then your good office pool Dom Delewee's Marlon Brando in the case he missed
it the reason we're talking about dead people John Phillips is dead he's pushing up panties with Mama
cash six feet under come on I know that great parody we had on that which we haven't been able to
find years all of something on the day yeah that was an ACN thing I if I knew what the name of it
was I find it because I bet you have anything it's back there but California's falling or
something in Desenfants let's go Bay I beg your pardon find it in there how about Scott McKenzie
she's the line who how about McKenzie Phillips yeah she's a yeah she's a line well she's Ken she
begins let's see what are we with California prunes now that's it that's the only one
and by the way if anybody gives you prunes god right stick him back at him you'll be
now this John don't fall in love you think of us in million they're like J.F.K good
afford a better place this J.F.K. had four times five would have sold a five or
so the cheapest happy place that's low I'm gonna get my head about the only way
now petty only one that left the life today from what they called again a deep curse
if Dorothy Hill galley was alive she say cheer up it's only gonna get worse
yeah
you die yeah 245 at 560 WDQAM biography for William Conrad possessed of a
little bit bellotone voice William Conrad was also the narrator of radio program escape he was
original martial mad dillin on gunsmith radio show born September 27 1920 died from
or 11 1994 so we died at the age of 74 not bad not I was fat fat Jake and the fat man cannon
short live near old wolf he lost the world who mad dillin to James Arnes on TV he also reads
unsuspected comic cards is narrator the rocky and bollinkled TV cartoons and you know that
no I didn't know that either oh that's right now and I remember the voice but then there I
know something I think if I had to pick maybe one day we'll do it although it's very difficult
dealing with these punks out there but if you had to pick the best TV show of all time which how do
you do that like pick the best meal of your life you know the rocky and bollink are left that's
got to be right up there great yes titles there there were no bad episodes everyone was like
and of course one another one of those shorts that supposedly was for kids but definitely was for
adults definitely all the stuff went over the kid like most of my stuff goes over most of your head
it was the same thing you know sailing way over their head William Conrad good man but you see what
you're missing the essence of this the essence of emerald you know I ever smell it yeah that's
the essence of him but when he dies that's gonna be I don't think I'll be here I'm hoping though
but anyway the what which public figures death affected you the most in other words like
brought you the tears maybe now when JFK died that brought me to tears but I didn't vote for him I
voted for Harry Curie did I cry when Harry Curie died no I said the tear would have built you
with died I'm not gonna put that in here because nobody in this audience knows who that is
now thank you by the way whoever fact me here's that letter I was talking about from Delores
Tesla and Boynton Beach in a hero this morning why tell you hear this the heading says water saving
toilet question mark what genius came up with the water saving toilet the average bowl takes two
or three flushes to clear and then we'll must have a boar bar shandy to finish the job in 50 years
of marriage three kids in ten house moves I never had a problem until this ingenious invention
signed the lowest Tesla and Boynton Beach to have it only useful a cramp do you have one no a
water saving toilet no although I will pay to this I do have one toilet that requires if you have
like floaters not in your eyes but in your bowl my toilet the one of my bathroom that requires like
sometimes couple of flushes sometimes I flush more than once the other the another bathroom it's
a more suction now they hit they do have I know that sounds like very non-cosmetic
but they do have for household use now they like the toilets we have here where you have those no
no but they have like that look that look better that don't look like they belong in some kind of
like airport bathroom or something they work and they don't waste all that water right because
the bull doesn't have to refill it doesn't work that way doesn't have a tank uses high pressure
or whatever you use it right out of it right yeah right out into the ground here's what it says
you've got your regard see how about you morstner they give more hope than jury my thing yeah you will
well I mean okay and I don't know I'm just getting tired of adding more to the list because Eric is
taking out let's put on Jim Morrison on their okay Eric you're not doing anything anyway all the time
that you spend putting more stuff on there is less time eating now what what do you laugh about it's
true I want to save his life he's the great Eric is the best our website is spectacular it's
one the best in the world he does his dependant job for us making about six bucks a week doing it
I'm sure you can type with one hand again a great line but well seriously lose some way there
come on but I'm doing it today and by the way this is good stuff this card what is it champion light
which is like either right without the sugar I'm not saying it's delicious or like fruit punch
around but it's it's okay it's pretty good it's got zero everything so thanks a lot there out
pdl any whatever your name is Bob's away to hear Buffalo Bob's real name do you know what
his real name was absolutely you will idea you better strap yourself in and but in Jewish probably
no he wasn't Jewish everybody this guy everybody is Jewish the pope is Jewish Billy Graham is Jewish
was a beanie doesn't it yeah Buffalo Bob Smith born Richard Schmidt was his real name how you
like that he knew he Schmidt born of every 27 1917 in Buffalo New York which I didn't know that which
is probably what they call the Buffalo Bob there you go with the second they didn't call him like
Utica Bob date of death July 30th 1998 Hendersonville North Carolina of cancers where he lived to 81 not
too bad Buffalo Bob Smith sometimes credit is Robert East Smith it's how he duty time it's how
he do it and also dead as you said but we're not putting them on a list because it's ridiculous
uh you brand them better known as mr. Green jeans and Captain Kangaroo mr. Green James he died
he died when he died April 1987 14 years ago and it kind of just looked at one in their
honest and just slipped right on truth so a lot of dead people we're going to name them all here today
here's Miami hello Miami yes sir hello Neil sorry it's okay you know I haven't heard this one but I thought
you'd hear it uh Mickey Mantle how much you had before you mentioned it uh huh yeah all right I don't
think you get too many sympathy votes now after the way he dittled around for that livery you know
yeah but you know those two are the old days where people played where you really really
right that's right they stayed on a safe team for more than five minutes and they weren't making
eighty-two thousand dollars you're right you know that's true and also uh Michael Landon by the way I
looked it up for you uh Eugene uh oh what is that was oil what's it yeah somebody beat you to it thanks
a lot okay take it thanks I bet you was Jewish oh I'm so introred that now you think everybody's Jewish
you think everybody's gay there was a great letter of the editor in a hero yesterday by Chris
Falco and Miami A. Rod loses a fan during spring visit I'm gonna tell you it for tomorrow
and then this epitomizes what's going on with all these sports it's all going on the toilet I was
the first one to predict that five years ago I told maybe more than that I told you escalating
salaries out of control owners who just won't put their feet down and say no all these owners
demanding more and more millions and trillions from the public for stadiums and arenas for more sky
boxes and millions and trillions and ticket prices just out of just up to the sky they've outpriced
the public and they pissed off the public so what do you think the new format will be the other 20
hours I know that sports is basically dead and also the xfl out there themselves because the
NCAA is around xfl last night's the lowest ratings in the history of any sports uh even the hockey
game the lowest ever nice going there xfl so we can also I guess we can put them in a calm of
dead also now Diana is bogus so just keep that in mind but I'll just read you what's on the list
princess Diana's got 30 John L. R 33 John L. R. with 30 John F Kennedy 27 JFK junior 23
they learned our 18
they learned how probably have more but you know pissed those people off so hotman 13 Harry
Kerry and John Belushi each have seven Jim Henson S6 Martin Luther King with six Martin Luther King
is only got six where's all our brothers and sisters out there all their busy women
neighborhood they forgot uh buffalo Bob Smith with six he's moving on up there to the east side
you'll see John Wayne with five Frank Sinatra and others how do you like that mr. Naysayer John Wayne
Frank Sinatra Elvis Presley five a piece sweet tied with two pretty then big names you blew it
baby down at the bottom well I mean that's not a lot I thought he'd be one of the bottom three
no he's not a bottom that's Ricky Martin during our C and Bobby Kennedy each f four
Kurt Cobain just got on there he's already got three I told you belong down there
Charles Schultz Michael and in Joe DeVasio each have a pair Marilyn Monroe's got one Jackie
before this she don't belong on the list who was that that sucked me into doing that early in the show
Jackie freaking out smaller yeah some puts some R. T. Farty Faggot probably wanted Jackie yeah
there's another one I'm glad oh she was I mean and and my husband said I was very nice
10 to yeah she she talked like a retard but she knew friends probably who was the money that
was you know probably who was the whole thing she was a whoa yeah she was she was an absolute
hoarder there's no question about it she was a dignified hurl like I said those people they did
it like you know with dignity the Kennedys the whole clan because she got more money just like
the guy that scapegold guy that offered a little girl they did it with dignity and then again the
erratus up there now what am I looking at here well I didn't finish the list here Dan and they
refurbished that was that much more laddy Jackie and and also guess who else has done oh Jim
Morrison's got one he just got on there rock Hudson as I bet your doors day was listening to
the show on the internet she probably vote for rock how about if we just put the rock on that might
do it here's a call from broker hello hi Neil how's going pretty good yeah this show is probably
one of the best shows I've heard in a long time there you go it's great well this town likes dead
people you know a lot of that going around here that's true listen George might be able to relate
to this this might be um stretching it a bit but um two icons of the late 60s and early 1970s
Jimmy Hendrix and Bruce Lee affected a lot of people and he films popular culture somebody mentioned
Bruce Lee I mean what do I want to come on the list no of course not Bruce Lee well the thing is
is sunday about you know the same age and that right just wanted to movies and right that nature we
could have a two for them both come four man he invented that they he he created the whole idea
and they screwed up the old guy that was on there with the the pimpley face gave a rough Machio
what was the name of those movies marita the paparita what's the name of those movies
the raticard yeah yeah what about him well I know he's probably dead no he's not dead no
how about rough machios uh zits they probably dead by now when you think you know they sit here they
made it who's that Ralph Machio I think I married ways like 10 years old seriously when he was in
those movies he was already married and had like six kids he was like 14 he was an early bloomer
here's a mobile airy word bloomer is mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello
mobile in Fort Lauderdale oh please don't tell me they're gone because if they're gone I
mean good because I got to do the break now anyway I must be my lucky day oh five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty pat marita still alive yeah I know I heard you're
looked with obi one can obi is what I heard you ever seen the two of them together he's that
is he really obi one oh how about the mark uh hammer he's still alive but boy he sure came close
he's got scores he wears a scarf I'm probably in like a skirt too imagine little pansy but anyway he's
got a new face though now remember pump has got a brand new bag mark got a brand new twist the old
one was better in a face too a boy it's the one to two hours
yeah
never watched his hair or she to have a cat cove
his name was Kurt now he's pushing up her cove
and
wiping through from his chin doing heroin cove
your father was hot and now it's Kurt they ain't got cove
he got high sick goodbye and he died cove
you
made a million an hour never took a shower cove
he's a number one hit in heaven big my spit cove
you
you'll be held as the king and say grunge with my thing cove
all right so with your fill without don't take Kurt's way out cove
you got high sick goodbye then he died oh cove
well 3560 WQAM yeah so he's moving up already moving right up on the east side to be up there
with George Jefferson pretty soon what else is named George Jefferson Sherman Sherman Hemsley
thank Sherman thank uh Kurt cove and he's got nine votes already and he just he just got
to listen like two seconds ago so I told you he should have been on it nine nine he was a drug
addict he was a bad person he was a bad role model we're not asking about role models we have
a lot of drug addicts out there in his audience even the drug addicts have to have like a role
model that's why George was a show sometime even the people we asked have to have a role model
right right five six seven oh five fifty Ponta I was showing somebody over the weekend that
I'm telling everybody who sees that just instant peeing in their pants I mean that looked
right as well if you could package that and sell it baby you could retire tomorrow worth a billion
dollars that look of disgust and in incredulity on Dwight Latterdale's push he's talking about eating
yes and of course he tries to cover it up uh huh that cross-eyed bitch he tries to go
ah huh and he looks like he looks like yeah he looks like she did just cut it off that's
what kind of space would I hatch it here's the lady in pepper pine so yeah it's a nil I might have
one more person for your list okay my husband and my personal for all-time people it was Roy
Orbison and uh the possibility yeah he was I mean he was great I guess in the 60s and stuff and then
later on he kind of made it come back and then he had a I think he had a heart attack and so
all of a sudden we'll excited to our committee okay thanks a lot all right now you want to know
what he could be on there but you know I won't put him on there because we have a group of
four Orbison fetishes out there he'll make princess Diana pay one of them in significance so
unfortunately I mean I'm I'm sure he could do very well but so well that it would really like a
skill oh you got some incense going on I can smell it yeah let's recover up our drugs we're doing
here today isn't even a corporate in the building how's my how's my the tragic PD doing in there how's
he doing today the spoke of blind going to be doing that song must the tragic so it's uh
five minute he's okay he's a good guy he means well he's harmless and I discovered
what he kind of does the only does he he like goes out in the hallway and looks around kind of like a
fireman you know in many ways and he likes put he likes to put out little fires you know he
experiences little fires he's been over here squirt squirt he puts it out there's a little
fire over there squirt squirt oh it's a fight Greg squirt squirt puts it out puts out little fires he's
like a human fire extinguisher mom here's Miami hello hey now how you doing pretty good two new names
for your list okay George Wallace and Bear Bride my right hi hey all right and Christy it's pretty
hot too okay so Christy Brinkley David Brinkley how about David Brinkley he's so on how about John
Holley okay how about Douglas Edwards how about John Chancellor isn't he dead we can I can't I
can't get the answer to that John Chancellor NBC News so no John Cameron Swazie you must be dead he's
definitely dead right how about Ben Grower we should have a special day these just for Bokob Ryan
for the game show dead people I bet you Dorothy kill gallons his favorite John Charles Daley's
probably in a running how about you Dorothy kill gallons right up there with Jack Ruby how about
interview come out Dorothy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for
Ryan's a wireless line this is a this is a hoot it's a hoot and a toot and I bet you would get
like 50,000 of votes on this by tomorrow if you watch here's some of the VVV real ones here's
the lady in plantation hello Neil yes ma'am hi I'm a little disappointed that people think that
does celebrities and singers although we miss them and they you know they entertain us
have really made that much of an effect in our life I did ask them the questions so you can
blame me for that but I just don't know there is one thing I blame you for but I'll tell you
a little later what you get mad at me okay but I just want the people out there to know I don't
remember JFK but I do reread a lot and if JFK hadn't died and if Bobby hadn't died and
again if Martin Luther King hadn't died this country I don't think we would have wouldn't have
gotten Nixon we would have wouldn't have had watergate right wouldn't would not probably would have
had run a break it certainly wouldn't have had Ford and and I just want to say that that affected
our lives that's why we I don't think the right wing the religious right would have a hold on this
country if those people hadn't died but what I'm disappointed about with you is that you put
Chris Cobain on there but the woman who said they're good Marshall I mean he's one of the finest
people that ever walked the earth right and he if if he was on the Supreme Court now it wouldn't
be like it was right you know during that last so I don't disagree with her I mean he was a great
man and he's probably died but he died but he wouldn't have gotten five votes right and now you
know I but I cried when he died right and I want to tell you something else I saw John Schneider
in person yeah I never thought he was good looking I you know maybe we have different taste in
person you know how sometimes you see somebody and you say oh god they must put a lot of makeup on
yeah he is a hundred times better looking in person than on the TV oh my god you think he's
good looking oh my he has still blue eyes and you're something about how long ago was this
that you saw him oh it was about 10 years oh but his complexion and he's got he's just he's a
presence yeah I worked for near line made a bow on him huh I said put a bow on him yeah I'm
a blonde and I never went for blondes but he was I'll tell you when I saw him he was he's very
good looking okay but anyway um Kurt Cobain's okay but those other people really made a difference
in our lives more how about Penny Marshall Penny Marshall have a great day Suida okay bye-bye
it was it was just a joke just a joke little joke what was that show Laverne in the squirley
what was that awful the other thing they did in the beginning about there with the song
Shamil Shamil Salmano Oh my god see see one thing about those people in New York they don't realize
that most of the country is Graham okay so all that New Yorkie stuff don't be talking to you
I don't know but I mean Shamil and Salamazal come on Penny Marshall oh I'm not saying how
about you partial oh baby come play with these titties 160 to 560 WQAM here's the fact that I
just I'm a little confused on this from Lee and Fort Myers says clarification on Don at Bob's
I was just there two weeks ago the one that closed yesterday is the restaurant on Munro Avenue
that was a satellite of the one at the lake it is not done to original or the one at sea breeze they're
both still open how about that hot sauce has anyone suggested the shuttle after not
free list yes they have but you know they're not celebrities like you were sitting till after
the thing blew up but anyway I don't how how could you say the one on Munro Avenue was only a
satellite I do understand the one at sea breeze was maybe the first one and maybe the most popular
but the one on Munro Avenue was like the headquarters of my life that was it right there just blocks
away from where we lived on Verena road for whatever the hell I was right there by the corner of
a Munro and Witten Avenue and Rochelle and Brighton anybody out there know about Brighton New York
Norris now what the hell do you people know too many people from New York City New York City ain't nothing
well used to be once upon a time used to be great now they got Rudy Julian and now they got
the goddamn good stopper in here and they got all those Puerto Ricans messing up Central Park again
yeah MSNBC yesterday they were showing like surveillance videos of robberies and 7-11s and all
that stuff and then they showed the the videos that people took with the mosaic and everything on the
Jack Moiseev you know the checkerboard thing so you don't actually get to check
Moiseev now they're Jewish harness driver what is it when they don't actually show you the
dirty parts yeah now they really didn't need any because there were so many people clutching
grabbing them in the beginning of that they need to cover anything up but it was the pretty
disgusting was a bunch of animals and barbarians they're in Central Park and believe me
I don't want to say it okay let's go to a mobile in Melbourne hello
I know how you doing but yes sir what about some like a fabulous dough and you do Bob Hope
Bob Hope he's not dead well he could be he's he's he's bubbling out of reason the top five
yes sir my love goes for highly a park okay good one how about being cross-view what do you say no
come on being cross-view could he sing no could he act no was he funny no made a lot of money
yeah just sitting back drinking some juice juice
yeah I've been that same family having to follow up with dead a long time I'm looking at the
mobile and Bob Hope up here sir oh he'd love it they have golf up here in the great beyond you know
and all the crispest is a fight oh hey it's old friend Samaday Visturia hey Samaday
oh well you look at the time you know most of my kids committed suicide because they said
it wasn't abuse of father well I'm glad they're all up here now because it's weapon time yet
never bells oh would you like to swing on a star be to kids heads with the crowbar oh oh gotta go
gotta tee time in 20 minutes yeah we apologize for the bad quality that bit in our DCS day but
whoever dubbed it had the pot opens her like head back and with self-sort of like real penny like
it's coming through a goddamn maybe like an orange juice can something like that because we don't
want no technical screw up like that one spot they were playing 80 times today here on the station
that's got all the puking and popping all those bits in there wow pretty embarrassing like
I don't realize station thank god we're working here West Palm Beach hello you know yes how you
doing all right I think we gotta add to one of them was on the front page of the Palm Beach post
today really yes and and and there's a big story about him second page on the front page of the
Palm Beach post give me a clue uh his name is John Phillips to the mom of the pop uh no we I
always I know that yeah I just girlfriend okay thank you
so that was the inspiration for the whole show today that's why he's done it but he ain't on the list
and she ain't on the list either right everybody's trying to say over uh
probably no first time he was a uh boom sound and a drug addict and has somebody else
living that he stuck a lot nine years on and why's that music show up he wants to
do it he wants to mess the beginning of the show sir I got my thumb right on it baby we started
out with Monday Monday which I thought was very apropropian you bet what is this man talking about
like like I need to start see everybody thinks I need instructions which is fine that's okay
everybody's a program director everybody's an expert everybody's a portal taker
by those their pool pop it out be chill out I love to take your poll uncle meow and
hang call me to read this while he's gone about gambling I've not permitted myself to even taste
certain prices knowing that I can never become addicted to something if it's not granted okay great
here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami yeah and I could have walked
out of the list yes sir all right Bob Molly yeah okay a lot of people cry doing he died he died he
died okay thank you we're gonna be auctioning off some rice deluxe from Bob Molly at the end of
the show today sort of a line up out here in the corner we also got some good weed that they
could teach him exactly five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for rising
wireless line mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello hello yes sir Neil I got one like I can't believe no one
right up the same okay I actually cried at here huh he was big Meyer Lansky now he was big he was fat
Jackie Gleason John Candy yeah he was good I miss him he was good yeah I miss him a little bit
and it's a really good movie so you know the good people are the fat people and the fat people are
the dead people right okay thanks a lot okay what do you say John Candy huh no well we can't put
every dead I mean he was he was good I like John Candy was very funny guy we could have a fat
comedian list I mean that's too many fat people like the guy that says I should put Mama
cash on her she took down a goddamn cheeseburger with Don and Bob's what I'm gonna
Candy Chris Farley could put Jackie Gleason on there yeah Chris Farley I mean how bad can you
feel about that he was a young guy but he was just enormous like what's the other one on there John
Goodman away 600 pounds I mean all these people you know what what is it we're too fat and I keep
telling you people about that and of course I talk a good game and I'm not doing anything about it
yet but starting today having I been on good behavior today and then when they put on those
homotage and George thought oh here we go no chance all they're starting to drill again I can
you feel it feels vibrations down there again don't start with us today we're having a really good
day especially for a Monday don't start digging with us okay start the relevant to because the
manages over at Shulis see doesn't that make sense to you we got four hours there between two and
six that there's nobody doing live stuff out of here except during the updates which is only a
couple minutes out of the hour what manages on that's when you get your drill in your hammer and
you start banging and knocking and doing all this crap there are a lot of things that would make
sense here if we were real radio station like we said before just a Bob Ramut said this morning
if this were real company we had the lock chains a long time ago but things go very slowly here
and these we that's what Bob Ramut said even asshole mobile and Hollywood with a question Mark hello
hi yes I got a couple people to add to the list okay Paul Lynn and Jim neighbors yeah those two
and you know what I think Bruce Lee and Brendan Lee and like that all four of those eggs
bring the Lee yeah Brendan Lee I know him in did you like him no did you even know who he is no
have you talked to him who is Brendan Lee please please oh yeah I know who that is he got killed in
that movie when they were saying well you know monkey seeing monkey do that's why I always said
neurotic repetition and you know what yeah five six seven oh five sixty why are so many people
saying Bruce Lee even you through that I mean the beginning of the show what yeah I was just a
little kid but I was in that effect you it didn't affect me most of the people in the list I had no
bearing on the wire of all of anybody you could think of why would that affect you why would
they have any impact I mean that Bruce Lee and this kid both died the do their karate movie why
I'm tired near of a genre that I enjoy very much to this day the martial arts movie well what about
you even if he is a zit head five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and
Verizon Wireless Line I'll give you the update in a second here it's getting pretty pretty tense
mobile implantation hello hey Neil yes sir how about foster cue it yeah how about him how is
he great he's dead he's like I tried to hear when he died did you really yeah I said it here when
Bill he would died and Bill you too and then when I thought when I saw the Leafs play Saturday I
said several tears I was crying for hours oh yeah I'm about anybody that had to put down a golden
retriever too yeah yeah greatest dogs in the world you're right you're right well you know something
that's gonna probably happen the next I don't know you're so for me and I'm not looking forward to
it yeah so the first time I'm ever gonna have to do it it's not gonna be a pleasant chore yeah
I've got to I just got another one because they were so they are the best you're the best deal okay
thanks yeah I guess I'm gonna have to have my mother take care of that chore when my golden retriever
has to go to go to that big dog pound in the sky I don't be able to do it couldn't do it well she's
got experience you know because she had her dog put away wasn't it your dog no well it was now
it's her dog see history history has a time time the passage of time it's just amazing how people
change their tune you know yeah my dog became her dog and the funny story about how it picked up
some poison in the backyard and was forming at the mouth in the vet couldn't wait it turned into
was she just got tired of it it was a real nuisance since she had to put this leap this was a dog that
was 10 years older the time they could have either lived like 15 18 20 but she decided so she
had her dog put the sleep so she's the voice of experience just like she decided that my calendar
there on the wall with the twins you know that was that was bad then but was like last year's calendar
neurotic repetition interfer interfer interfer continue it's like she's the one to enter and
invent that interferon yeah my junior hot-ass hi I'm the forest Kelly and I'm dead not some kind of
doctor damage but if you don't want to be dead then you don't smoke what the proper exercise you'll
never die that's where I come in damn it with my new chain of exercise facility that call
the he's dead Jim oh by the way tell Shatner's wife says thanks for the dive and listen
and that reminds me one other thing that ever he's dead Jim we feature an Olympic size pool in
the he's dead Jim that's where he provide a permanent on your head to test your underwater breathing
skills you don't want to wind up looking like Neymar that point here to feed yourself right in to the
132 at 560 WQAM 560 505 60 on the AT&T we got a trillion votes on here Princess Diana's got 56
which public figures that affected you the most keep that in mind keep those words in
brazen and by a while whatever in front of your puts to understand this
affected you the most Princess Diana 57 which are probably two thirds of Marboga some more John
London 53 JFK junior 44
they learn hot 43 JFK 41 Phil Harbin 26 Kurt Cobain 15 Martin Luther King 14 John Volushi 13
Harry carry 11 it's me Chanter Jim Henson with nine Buffalo Bob with eight Elvis Presley with eight
my becandy and Jerry Garcia with six John Wayne Frank Sinatra still stuck there at five
Jim Morrison with four Michael and in the Charles Schultz Maryland Monroe with three
do you want to measure with two rock Hudson's got a vote now and Jackie oh
has zero the big oh he ain't got none
here's a mobile in Evan's shirt hello
hello yes sir
I'm a great one for you okay
the longest people are bringing up brain dead people how about strong
okay great they get you a new phone we'll give you in between now and when they put
strum in the box to get you a new phone sir 5670560 sound like the popcorn and kettle black to me
pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless in the last guy that was just out with the bad cell phone
you all right here's Miami hello yeah this is Ray in Miami yes Ray how you doing great what about
thermon monsoon yeah plane crash yeah what about him on your list you be affected a lot of people
affected me when I was a kid yeah absolutely even more than baby Ruth while I was before you were born
thermon month and great guy do you ever have a baby Ruth that's pretty good oh yeah the great
what about the golfer that just died in the plane crash yeah what's our pain store yeah pain
he was a pain yeah he was a great play yeah what is a great golfer but I mean what does that
mean he was a good guy he was a good man okay thanks what do you say no no you never
saw a freight train from fly that plane to the street but he never saw a freight train make fun of that
Chinese guy yeah you're gonna make me say that stupid I'm gonna make you do anything oh well I
think you should well where the hell is it I just want Peter Alice to know that all of us American
gov is on the water company we are Chinese too there you have I he's done yeah he's been
playing got kind of like lost up there spot like spinning around all over the map here's
sport waterdale hello and the only two years old couple great death to come to my look
a rezi and my name I gave a lot he that was good I liked that that was excellent come me again
anytime you want to with that another phone you boys but that one's a good one five five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a tnt and how they leave out barzini for credit a lot what we're
gonna do about this bad he didn't business to tagly the tip yeah until this day I never knew it was
barzini all along I have a cleanser and Tessio he's still alive and ain't fish yeah he'd
go to he's still alive but Clemens he died yeah cuz you guys that because that well that certainly
didn't help it certainly hastened his demise look at Weinstein Churchill he died too all that booze
those big fat cigars he only lived to be about 125 wine fine Churchill here's West Palm Beach hello
hello yes sir how you doing yeah George Burns gotta add that one George Burns yeah yeah
big cigar my god right up your alley yeah I know but he was like a hundred years old for
grand all our way died you can't get a good one okay all right okay thank you what do you say
George Burns low Gracie Allen low why why come on how about it when low you even know who that is
you know yeah he was funny I tell you we know you're really getting over when keen and women is
like a hundred years old his son you're right I mean that's bad that's really bad when the great
great grandchildren of the ball players that you grew up playing and when I start playing ball
and they're like 25 years old then you start saying God I'm getting really old
2799 and pretty soon they'll say he died yeah here's a lady mobile and cross-bring so
long are you yes ma'am hi I want to go out to see a ball yeah she really should have been on there
yeah I think she was great I was very affected by her death okay okay thanks thank you yeah put
her on there we still got time we'll leave this on there overnight put her on there please pretty
please okay me know what me set put her on there Dan it yeah I love loosely and of course really
if we put her on there probably Desi Ernest belongs on there because he was the one really behind the
show he was the brains behind it but I the people didn't relate to him the same way they will
relate to her no they loved her she's been funny what they loved her he was like you know Mr.
Buckeye yeah right babaloo he sure could sing no couldn't no babaloo they worked well together but
babaloo never mind we were wabc no babaloo huh no dead oh babaloo is the guy yeah what that was his
nickname on oh christ it was a wabc and it was glory days natas when we had real radio real
personalities with cousin brucey and danning room and those guys those glam Bob he had a name
well somebody will know one of our many new yorkers out there will refresh my memory 22
before two at five sixty I guess it was babaloo that's figures to me agriculture department scientists
say they have made a major stride toward developing an allergy free rubber no the subpritals up big
in 60 seconds what hey we got to hear what's going on in the sausage factory how do we get in
believe for Tony's water here in a blow and it won't change the way baby being leaving
princess being leaving being grossed me leaving what you giant ass got the water
picked a lot with the wester main oh no call it off oh come on there's some old guy
killing Tony's poor psycho's win mellows will make an alcoholic catch some clothes on
lighter your waist is a covered with urine oh my god episode two Tony's mother has a
gigantic fly fly fly fly oh she's dead oh Tony's upset why he tried to kill her
well yeah hey hey hey what's up oh my get it I'm black and Jewish yoker joker
something you don't and the triple holy bow won the plot returns oh my god it's jamin
and boys and the salvage of sexy alias everyone say something nice about your dead mother
bitch bitch bitch I loved uh well subpritals update in 60 seconds what
143 at 560 w if you have somebody factors me leejay kab who is certainly one of my all-time favorite
actors but you know why are they doing that I mean I like leejay kab but did it affect my life
did it the no she died he's dead it's just the way it is the guy yeah going around here's
martian marshal in corals brings one of our chronic factors but we still love you martian she says
don't scream at me that am an allowsy mood what do you allow the mood for marshy ought to be in a
great mood I am yeah life is sweet do you need a growing up watching Superman on tv I remember
being quite upset when I heard that George Reeves died jumping out the window know how about secretariat
psa wonder how your current survey would come out compared to people who are still alive but
would affect your life if they soon died this would be a dead versus alive survey which uh
one might have more impact I don't know whatever you say martian feel better show up
what you mean by that dead versus a lot how about I still think one who you like to see dead who
will make you very happy with the effect your life in a positive way I'm sure that there are some
you know I don't want to start mentioning names because that's cool to do that but great H.U.
yeah their names are coming to mind here's Miami hello hello yes sir
me how you doing okay you know one that might not have a whole lot of impact on a large level but
I remember growing up Roberto Clementine when he died yes somebody mentioned that earlier yeah
okay um also like the Yankee fan Ferman Martin uh huh somebody just mentioned that too thank you
okay Ferman Martin Roberto Clementine what do you know five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line did anybody call about John Chancellor
as he did to rely no no John Cameron Swaisies got to be dead he's been dead I'm sure
for years but he could take so looking still keeps on ticking though what I'm here
just kind of like a Dwight Lotterdale here's plantation hello me how you doing pretty good good
let me get you squared away on this done in Bob's thing yeah there's a dawn's original on the
corner of West Ball Road in Monroe Avenue that is linked to the one that's done at the lake uh huh
the one the dawn in Bob's that is up by bright high in the middle school and all that
for the last three or four years he killed it they destroyed it it was awful I got up there
Wednesday night eight there the place was a peak sign was still seeing eight twice more in
dawn's original and then is the original and that's where you got to go isn't that a shame it is
but it goes on you know I went to know it doesn't go on I mean that's like a stopping point I
went to school right there right next door bright Netherlands I went to I went to offer in those
places really yes sir huh graduated in 72 right now is the 12 corner shopping center still there
yeah a lot of the stores have changed but uh everything is still there I bet your old drugs
is still there old drugs is not still there anymore oh no I mean they go join us there still what is
it how about cadet cleaners cadet cleaners I didn't see because we can't see we got to do some
research feeding is still there though oh that's good okay thanks bye yeah let's go back to
watch this there what do you say oh can't go back it's all gone all the good stuff is gone
well there are still those two dawn's original that's good but it's still like the real white
hot water real hot sauce and the real ground rounds and probably that frozen chocolate almond
custard oh frozen custard anybody know what the hell that is no million times better than ice
cream it's like soft and mushy and like mmm just you could go into a diabetic home of thinking
about am I going to eat any no I'm just going to think about it that's all right just think
about the stuff that's calorie free carbohydrate free here's a mobile in Naples hello good afternoon
now yes sir somebody who's knocking on the door magic job and he infected a lot of people how
about that one did he yeah he infected okay fine he is still alive he seems to be doing pretty good
five six seven oh five sixty pound five six on the 18 what god god is not letting him die
was that what it is yeah oh god let's because he went to Michigan state here's for a lot of
days hello yes how about some biophries on a bone oh yeah okay what would you say sonny do one
sonny bono with something on a boner yeah okay whatever you say sir share and share like
five six down there running out of material which is good because this is getting a little
pondress but it was a good way to kill a Monday I'll say that great sensational it's fun thinking
about dead people that you liked that affected you in a positive way you know hindra Kimler people
like that George Wallace like which we actually got a mention today bear Bryant five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t and Verizon wireless line it's Monday madness tonight
and every Monday at Poppano Park in the six four dining room restaurant every Monday night two
for twenty two dollar four course dinners every Wednesday night is dollar night would draft
your hot dogs and sodas only a bucket piece and action of course at Poppano every day seven days
a week with time of casting and starting a new ending all the way toward midnight and live racing
tonight and four nights a week Monday when they fight in Saturday and let me just mention to you
it looks like tonight's the big night for Kevin Wallace Kevin is approaching his six thousand
career driving victory because he had two more I see on Saturday so yeah I believe it's too short
and could achieve his six thousand career victory tonight at Poppano Park the amazing the one
and only Kevin Wallace who is god make no mistake about that who told you that years ago
oh god I did nice going Kevin anybody have a heart or a liver
yes comedy jam records brings the best of deaf comedy jam to video it's six hours of
undecyverable comedy on three video tapes you'll get classic comedy like so this month
I comes out from me and says what the fuck is that month I show them the month I do all
buses all over the month but and I tell the bitch to stop a month yeah but I take the month
holes they shove it up a month yeah and you'll also get the classic suck my
damn this month it's show me the bill I tell them like suck my
deaf comedy jam a month spreading another video collection deaf comedy jam for ms is an
adjective 153 or 560 got more bad news what this is really bad terrible I'm going to done in
Bob's on Monday or Avon O'Brien I will elementary school die but Ken and when
died long time ago 15 years ago I wonder to have him see him around lately you know hey Ken and
how you doing or is he anybody seen him lately no no because he died he died
God of cancer October 14 1986 Ken and when so like I said when the children and grandchildren
of all these old you just were getting old that's all there is to it all your young whippersnappers
out there all I can tell you is enjoy it while you can because once you get old it starts
happening real fast I remember about half a year ago yeah good nobody cares here's for a
waterdale hello okay hold I wanted to say I'm going to ask you as Michael Corleone today I'm
going to answer all your questions John Chancellor is definitely dead okay the bottle is real name
is Bob Lewis right and Scott new knee with was his lead in puny puny Scott new knee and yet and
but the interesting thing was his competition whom he absolutely killed and drove out of New York City
I was a teenager at the time was none other than Alex Bennett really yep he did the night show
after Barry Gray he died I was better than I don't know you don't know on the year on the year he
died in New York and he sent Francisco he died I'm Miami and I would be everywhere he went
did the same thing yeah unfortunately I moved this ever just go woke up on morning and
I'm changing around the dial and there's Alex Bennett he was probably you were in the
way yeah he was a real sour piece of crap I just figured out I would answer some of those
things thanks for the good news thank you sir and Pablo he's still dead he was good
here's a mobile in Miami hello I think the biggest death this year that affected me the most was
the fan okay probably probably Scott used to work there he collected his money yet no
or works here the death of the fan oh yeah that's right probably one of our people here that's
true what are they listening to now they listen to this show no oh wait this is yeah they listen
to the role me I forgot about that role me hey role me how you be doing role me huh
can you roll kid playing video here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir hey Neil
speaking of hot dogs in New York you have no place called hides in Liverpool I've heard of it
supposedly world famous I just wanted to say it is well famous in fact hides they
say they sell their brand of hot dogs in the supermarkets today yeah I'm going up to visit
some family and I heard about it I just thought you might have an opinion on it I hear it's
sensational all right thanks well okay I have a couple weenies for me yeah okay I'm sure it will
56705 60 pound 560 and we're going to do a show on hot dogs and sausages weeners stuff like that
huh in preparation for my trip get some pointers here's a mobile in Miramar hello
hey Neil what about uh guy by the name of Jesse Owens yeah have you spoken about him yet no
he's in debt like 7000 years I know but just for the fact that he's a guy that stood up to
eight all over right but that was 1936 that 65 years ago well I just thought he made an impact on a
lot of people yeah but they have been doing problems they're all dead that's quite true but I'm not
dead okay all right thank you thank goodness for that thank you see there you go he's just like
Don Corley on still alive that's right we're still alive Jesse on how about Jesse Jackson oh
well that's right he's uh there's a lady mobile in the Hollywood hello hi yes ma'am
how about Fred Munster I know he wasn't I just thought he was really funny or Fred Munster yeah
what was he saying it's Fred Gwyn Fred Gwyn Fred Gwyn
Herman Gwyn Herman Herman Herman Herman Herman Gwyn or Fred Munster was it Fred Gwyn
or Herman Munster whatever okay and I like that Munster cheese too ain't too bad hey yeah okay
and and then of course there was always Bobby Boris Pickett on the Monster Mash don't forget about that
I wish we got that back here somewhere we're gonna play it no now let's do that music thing again
what do you say that's you this from Monday I think Mondays we need like to lighten it up for
people a little bit huh because Monday's depressing the weather rain and pouring all the we need the
rain but you know nobody likes that especially you for painting the
