106-560 QAM, Neil still sick, called me later than usual.
It was all dressed and ready to go, but he couldn't actually make it all the way to the
cars.
So here we are again, Joe.
Wake up.
Wasn't that long of a song.
I just wanted to get it out of the way first thing because number one, I didn't want
to play serving a lifetime right out of the box because that's all that we're all
talking about this morning.
And we've been playing it to death and yes, I probably will before the show is done
play it again, but just because everything's on the same pot over here.
So I want my other CD pot.
So now there you go.
I played the thing off the computer.
It's out of the way.
I can refer back to it.
See there, taking care of business.
Let me see, De Noir and Ron May.
See, did you see, because the wife, first of all, she's a, I said, juicy.
She watches court TV all the time, like Al Goldstein.
They're obsessed with reality court drama.
So she watches it all the time anyway.
Every time I turn around, she's got it back on.
So she's been watching the entire trial, et cetera and so on.
This defense attorney, what a goofball he is.
I don't know what his name is.
I'm sure it's on one of these clippings that I have pile of dub over here somewhere.
What an idiot.
Is that who we were listening to doing the cross of the one little girl asking her stupid,
stupid questions?
Like, who's taller, Mr. Bruno?
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Actually, I think that was the prosecutor you're talking to.
Idiotic questions like to try to screw her up somehow.
Are you sure he had his hand on the trigger?
Yeah, where did he have his finger on the trigger?
And where was his finger on the trigger?
Are you sure?
Yeah.
How do you know?
Because I was looking at it.
Why?
Because I was home when somebody pulls a gun out in the classroom, you take notice.
No matter how dense you are, no matter how short your attention span is, that's something
that you look up to.
You look up at that.
Hey, look, he's got a gun.
But the wife was watching an interview with one of the girls' dads.
Did you see that part?
And the girls' dad was saying, I think Mr. Bruno saved those two girls because you know
when the boy's, you know, he's all in love with them and he's showing up with the gun
wanting to see some people.
Mr. Bruno doesn't know what it's all about, what he's going to be doing.
If these girls spurn him or something, I think Mr. Bruno took a bullet for those girls.
That's an exact quote.
And we don't know that that wasn't the case.
We don't know.
Mr. Bruno.
Mr. Bruno, whatever.
I want to say Bruno.
You know, Bruno, my good friend.
But that's a valid theory, I think.
That girls' dad has a right to speculate, don't you think?
Oh, sure.
But this time, I'm glad I was watching that testimony there because here's one of the students
and something that no one I have heard no one talk about this yet is the effect that
this is going to have on everyone in that class that's out there.
Teacher get blown away.
This teacher, who, according to everyone, was a really good guy.
We've had good teachers.
We've had bad teachers in our lives, right?
This, according to everyone.
And maybe they just don't want to say bad things about the dead.
Maybe some people have a problem with that.
Like, I don't have a problem with saying bad things about the dead.
If they were an asshole when they were alive, why should you kiss their dead ass?
Didn't I'm saying?
They were alive asshole.
Now they're a dead asshole.
They're not an asshole anymore.
I'll say some good things about them.
They're dead.
They were an asshole.
And now they're dead.
So it's a good thing.
They're just a home.
Like Robert Blake's wife.
Everybody, who do you think about that?
I think he had her killed and I think she had it coming from a long time sense or hence.
I think she screwed over one person too many and somebody gave her what she deserved.
She was a con artist, a liar and a whore.
And she got what she was only ever going to get for being the kind of person that she was.
So that's why I'm not all bent out of shape about her fate.
That tape, did you hear that tape about her?
You know, or she's talking to her friend about, you know, who she should be hooking up with and who's more famous?
And she was having sex with Christian Brando and I should have hooked up with his dad because he's the most famous man in the world and Yadayada.
She was a money-grubbing barnacle of a whore.
So she got what she deserved.
And hopefully Nathan will get what he deserved.
So the reason that I played the I don't like Mondays is because there's a line in that song called The Lesson Today is How to Die.
That's one of the lines in the song because it's about a teacher in England, I guess, or Scotland or somewhere that took a gun into class and killed herself in front of her class.
And that's what that line refers to. The lesson today is How to Die, the teacher demonstrated How to Die by blowing her crap away.
Unless I'm wrong, somebody might know the real story. That's just what I was told.
Also, somebody might know the name of the Boontown Rat Song that I liked almost as much as that one and I can't think of it right now or yesterday.
And it's not Rat Trap. No, it's not Rat Trap. That is not up all night, which I hate up all night. Remember that one?
Yeah, they played it to death and it was awful. Are you sure it's not Rat Trap? That's not Rat Trap.
Anyway, I'm going to talk more about because I was going to talk about Nathaniel yesterday, but we got all distracted by homeless people and dry hunting and whatnot.
So we'll save that for today because it might be my last chance to talk about it until Friday, 10-11 on 5-60 WQAM.
This is Neil Rogers. You've heard me talk about fast train for a long time. If you're bored, if you're unchallenged by your current job, do yourself a favor.
Don't wait till technology passes you by.
BAP!
10-17 on 5-60 WQAM 5-60-05-60 and date in Broward, talent 5-60 on AT&T Wireless. That's a free call.
8-777-7-8-563-45 is also free for those of you out of the date in Broward County areas.
So, I don't know what other parents do or say to their children where their child comes home from school and says that they have a problem with a teacher.
It happens. It's happened to me. How about you?
The problem with a teacher. Teacher was an asshole. Teachers are human. They can be assholes. Hundreds, thousands.
Sure. Exactly.
I tell my daughter, I explain to her. The reason that you're going to school is for three things, three educational things.
Number one, to fill your head with facts and figures and knowledge about the world and learning, you know, reading, writing, arithmetic.
All of these things.
Number two, you're learning how to socialize with your peer group. How to interact with people who are your age and your peer group.
How to be, you know, one of them and also stand apart from them. How to negotiate the fact that you're part of a society and you have to learn how to be a part of a society and learn to get along with people and your peer group.
And number three, you have to learn how to deal with authority figures.
Like your teacher and your principal and the hall monitor and things like that, because when you were an adult, you're going to need those three things.
You're going to need knowledge of those three things. And each one of them is probably as important as everything else.
Like you could make a lot of money without a great deal of education. Just listen to the music industry, for example, or talk radio, for example.
You don't need a whole lot of education necessarily to make money, but you do need to be able to get along with people around you and especially authority figures.
And I tell my daughter, when she complains about a teacher who might be an asshole, I say, whatever, however bad your teacher is, he or she is nothing compared to what you're going to have as a boss.
Because most assurantly, your boss will be an asshole. And most teachers, while they're going to be sensitive to your needs and they're going to try to be nurturing and helpful to you, your boss is going to have no interest whatsoever.
And your happiness, your contentment, nurturing you, anything like that, your boss is going to be purely demanding of a certain level of performance from you.
And if you don't, you're fine or something, or at least you know, you'll be, you know, because sometimes the kid comes home, oh, the teacher yells at us.
Oh, the teacher embarrasses us in front of the other children. And I tell her, shut up. No, I don't say that. I say, honey, that's nothing.
You're there to learn to get used to that. Asshole authority figures. Because it's just a sampling. It's just a taste of what you're going to have to deal with when you get out into the world.
No one is going to be interested in your feelings, you know, in the workplace. What, what's so funny? No, I, you're right.
I told her to shut up. I'm thinking of how this affected me and how the asshole authority figures in my life have prepared me for absolute my work environment.
Absolutely. It's just a sample. It's just so that you can practice dealing with them because you're going to have to.
So here you have these kids are sitting in class and on all of these other kids. So you're doing the same thing I do. You say something and then you repeat it back to see how it sounded.
Anyway, it's not the same as talking to yourself, but almost. Then you're laughing because it's true. So, okay, stop. Stop laughing.
Okay. All right. Collect yourself. By the way, everybody said that last half hour, which I thought was murder yesterday was great.
Okay, whatever, whatever, you know, turns you on out there. I'm still, I'm still bleeding from it. I still got a stake on my eye from that last half hour yesterday.
So here's the lesson because everything is a lesson that's happening to these children when they're in school. That's what I try to tell my kid.
Everything that's going on in school, honey, is part of the lesson, whether it's planned or not, whether it's what you think you're there for or not.
You're getting an education no matter what you think is going on there. You're getting an education. If your teacher's an asshole, then that's the lesson plan for that day.
How to deal with an asshole authority figure figure it out. So that's going on in the heads of all of these kids in every classroom and in every state and every city.
Is there getting a lesson while they're sitting in that class and the lesson on this particular day was how to deal with your teacher being murdered.
The point I'm trying to make is what if the kids walk away from this experience? First of all, they're going to have post-traumatic stress disorder.
People who are trained, who have military training go out into little penny any combat missions, that whole Grenada thing. Those, those Marines are, was it the Marines that we sent to Grenada?
Not Army. I think so because I saw a heartbreak ridge and it was Marines, wasn't it? It was Marines. They're trained for that sort of thing. They were coming back with post-traumatic stress disorder because shooting people is something that causes problems in our psyche.
It should. Seeing people get shot will cause trauma. Seeing someone that you like and have a relationship with, like a good teacher will be traumatic. All of these children will be traumatized. They'll probably wind up in therapy. They're going to have issues for the rest of their life over what they witnessed.
But the lesson isn't over yet because now we get into the now what situation. Now the lesson is going to be one of two things. Either this kid gets what he deserves and he's not going to as far as I'm concerned, but maybe you know life in prison. That's the best we can do.
Okay. Or he's going to see the kids are watching the news. They're, they're involved in this. They're observing what's going on. Not just the kids in Mr. Grunos class, but everyone else in the school and everyone else in the city is watching this because guess what?
It's in the news and it has something to do with them. When I was a teenager, I cared about teenage things, things that were going on in school, school riots or whatever, things like that.
So you know that all of the teenage kids, those would have a brain are watching this story and following this story because it has to do with their world.
So we're going to send a message to them one way or another. Either you get what you deserve when you kill your teacher, people who deal with authority figures that way, go away for a lifetime. And that's the lesson that they'll learn.
Or they're going to be taught that if you blow your teacher's crap away, everyone is going to rally to your defense. Everyone is going to make apologies for you.
And you're going to get the attention that so many of these kids are hungry for.
You're going to get the help that you need.
There were times in my adolescence when I felt I needed some help. I had friends that I could talk to about it, got through it, you know, whatever got through it.
But there are a lot of kids that maybe they don't have friends, their loners like all of a sudden they're saying this guy is, which he's not.
They're going to think about dealing with their problems this way.
And we're really thinking about sending a message to all of the kids everywhere that if you shoot your teacher, this is a wonderful way to get the help that you want.
That this is a acceptable way to demonstrate your need for assistance and attention. This is your cry for help.
Is I'm going to shoot somebody and then everybody's going to come running and I'm going to get sensitivity and psychotherapy.
And do you know what I'm saying? All of these people are going to huddle around you and take you in and reward you for blowing your teacher's crap away.
And I got way more to say about it, but for some reason people are around here. Maybe they want to say something. So, or maybe they're cranks. Miami, hello.
Hey George, how you doing? All right. I want to give you the story behind that boom-town rap song. Please.
Bob Galdoff was sitting in the Atlanta radio station doing an interview. I think this is 78 or 79.
And the story came across the teletype wire about a girl about the about Brazil's age, a couple years younger older maybe who went into school and blew away a bunch of her classmates.
Oh. And when the shrinked after what did you do it? Or she replied was, I don't like Mondays.
Okay. Sounds like a valid reason. So it's a real chill and song. Sure it is. And it's a good song too. What's that other song I like that I can't think of?
I don't know that I'm not a real big fan of theirs. It's just okay. I saw my love. Okay. Thanks George. No problem. Here's a mobile and coral springs. Hey, George.
Yeah. Same thing. Only it was around 77 or 78. And when the song came out on the album, it was a different version than when it was released as a single because it really took off.
I don't know where it peaked on the chart, but they added the phrase and the silicon chip inside her head gets switched to overload.
Okay. I wasn't in the original version. All right. You know, I need to know. It was the same thing. I mean, she took a rifle to school. I'm thinking it was in text somewhere.
All right. And there was one other thing. Reflecting on the Nathaniel Brazil case and very grungo. I'm thinking back. You know, when I was 13, 14 years old was, you know, 7th and 8th grade.
And when the Democratic National Convention was going on in Chicago and the police are beating the crap away.
Yes, George. I was still a bit stupid.
Oh my gosh. Are we really playing this again?
Yes, George.
I'm being stupid. I'm playing a turbo.
Beyond the panel board.
That is the phrase.
Ghost in fall and go.
It's playing dumbass and I don't know.
This is my turbo. This is my dumb.
But the turbo is no big deal.
I can't keep up with the actuality. I'm just a cabins.
Yo.
27 to 11 560 WQ I am. Why did I take my phone off of Do Not Disturb?
Because I transfer that call.
I'm a tune.
Yo.
Oh, see, you don't even have any music ready to fill the dead air.
Oh, thank you very much.
I do. I just don't like that.
Is that, oh, that's hard of noise, isn't it?
Yeah.
I don't care for the way that sounds.
Oh, everybody else I talk to loves it.
Well, I'll do it if you would like me to.
Well, whatever, it doesn't matter at this point.
So, yeah, Randy, because I listen to Rick and Sets in the morning when I remember two,
because I like them, they're friends.
And yeah, I don't understand the show anymore with all due respect guys.
I don't know what happened, but I blame Rick for everything.
They used to be really fun and lighthearted and goofy and off the wall.
And now it's just like, it's like they're trying to kill time between the commercial breaks.
But I still like them, and because I know them, and so I love them dearly.
So every morning, I make it a point to try to listen.
I can't handle that, Mike Wolf News.
I can't handle people trying to be funny who are not.
He's a little funny.
Come on, some time.
No way, little, totally little funny, like that.
Are we going to get in trouble that we're not listening to the first team?
I'm very upfront about the fact that I can't listen.
Because there's no reason for me to listen to a sports show.
I'm not being interested in what professional athletes are doing in their jobs or in their private lives.
Got nothing to do with me or my world.
So anyway, so it's on when I get it out of here in the afternoon.
I turn the car on and there's Randy.
And usually I put music in, now I'll be quite honest.
I was enjoying her show very much during the whole election thing.
She was doing a lot of research.
She had some heavy hitters on.
She was passionate.
I liked it a lot.
I learned a lot listening to Randy during that election stuff.
But then I couldn't handle it anymore because I mean, I love you, but Jesus Christ, it's over with.
You sound like a crybaby at this point.
Brackum.
Oh, I'm sorry, it's right next to this button.
And then this thing, I don't know if she's on somebody's payroll.
Did somebody get to her?
Because I don't remember her being such a professional liberal when we work together.
A professional bleeding heart.
But I was telling Joe during the break that she should be this kid's attorney.
She's more passionate about defending this kid than his attorney is.
What a crappy job he's doing, by the way.
If there had been Oreo cookies in that can, this never would have happened.
I didn't say the wife said that.
She said that.
She's watched the whole thing.
But that's actually one of his lines during the closing arguments.
He was looking through his grandfather's possession to try to find a music box or something that he liked.
And he found a can of Oreo cookies and he said, oh, I want a cookie.
And if there had been cookies in that can instead of a gun, this never would have happened.
What a, what a moron.
Randy should be up there defending this guy because she's making more sense, but not to me.
And she's talking about, what is it rehabilitation versus punishment that we're supposed to be interested in rehabilitating people?
Are we moving that? Is it official?
I was just thinking that's a bad idea on Sunday.
Oh, even better for you Sunday.
That's a bad idea.
Why not Saturday?
Like it was originally, it's Johnny's fault.
Hey, I got to do one on Monday.
So you've got to be somewhere else.
So it's your fault again.
You need an assistant.
How come what's your name never goes to appearances?
Oh, I say, I say never mind.
Like I said, Sunday's good.
How come the other people can't move there whatever it is that you have to be at?
Talking to Miguel, by the way, the audience doesn't even know who I'm talking to.
Come on, to get on the air.
Don't be a pussy.
Talk.
Talk?
What's going on on Saturday that you got to move my appearance to Sunday?
I'm going to be with an expressway, actually, by myself, though.
So why can't you do that on Sunday?
Because that's Todd Greck.
So you know, can't sell out the Greck man.
What do you mean can't sell him out?
Why can't his first?
Well, because he was first, actually.
It's the first come first, sir.
Okay.
All right.
Whatever.
Good thing I don't have any plans for the three-day weekend.
It's going to be my money.
Shut up, shake the money.
I'm taking my skateboard just now.
Miguel, I'll do the appearance that George doesn't want to do.
All right, you're out.
How about that?
I'll take the three bills.
And you might tell me the audience how much we make on these things, man.
They're going to hate us.
$3.
Just a scam.
Okay.
So anyway, punishment versus rehabilitation.
And she keeps stressing that isn't the justice system supposed to be all about rehabilitating people instead of punishing people.
I don't know where that started.
That notion.
Somebody's idea somewhere along the line that we should try to rehabilitate people instead of punishing them.
And I keep scratching my head and thinking, why?
Why?
Do we want to rehabilitate people instead of punishing them?
Do they deserve to be rehabilitated?
Again, most of the rest of us very easily have no problem not hurting other people, or stealing from them or anything else.
We are spectacular at not hurting anybody, not shooting our teachers in the face.
I had teachers I wanted shot in the face that I would have reveled and thrown a party if they had been shot in the face.
They certainly had it coming from where I was sitting.
But I didn't shoot them in the face nor did anyone else.
See, we resisted.
We did the right thing.
All of the rest of us.
Why do people deserve rehabilitation?
Why do they automatically owe that?
Where is it written that if you kill someone or do something evil that you deserve a second chance that you deserve to be nurtured, coddled, cajol, you know, whatever, comforted.
Oh, you poor darling.
You poor, scared, misguided, confused entity.
Come over here and let me hold you. You haven't been held enough.
Obviously you're in pain.
I have a different take on it.
You're evil, you're scum, you suck, you deserve what you dished out.
And it's supposed to be the Christians that are all obsessed with forgiveness, forgiven forget.
It seems to me that they're the ones that want this kid fried who are merciless.
That's fine. I agree with you for what it's worth.
And it's all the non-Christian, left-wing, bleeding heart liberals that want this kid coddled.
Not just him, but everybody else in prison, this whole rehabilitation.
Why do they deserve to be rehabilitated?
How many free murders are we allowed?
Can I have one?
If I had known, if that was the message that I learned in school, if this had happened in my classroom, for example,
one of my friends pulled out a gun and shot a teacher.
And the lesson that I got was you can do this and instead of being punished, you're going to be nurtured.
They're going to seek to rehabilitate you. They're going to send me to a home.
Do you realize that when I was nine years old and really started seriously thinking and plotting with my siblings,
how can we off mom and get away with it?
And we would sit here and try to figure it out.
This was an important thing to us, not just to us, but to every member of the family.
How can we off her and get away?
Does anyone know how to cut brake cables?
None of us had guns, but we had butcher knives.
I stole butcher knives.
You really did this to your men?
No, no, I'm being dead honest, deadly honest.
Wow.
All of us would sit around and consult with each other.
And we would check in with each other periodically.
Have you come up with a way that we can make this woman disappear?
And if the message that if I had known then what I know now,
that I would instead of going to jail and being angely raped by people bigger than me,
which is what I was afraid was going to happen to me if I did this.
If you had told me, no, no, no, you're going to go to a program.
You're going into a program where people are going to talk to you about your issues,
people who care about you are going to talk to you about your issues.
And you're going to get fed food.
And you're going to get a bed of your own 13 to 11 5, 60 WQAM.
We used to try to figure out ways, you know, what can we do that will not get us into jail,
but we'll get us into a foster home.
You know, like one of these foster homes of five kids because they get so much money a month per kid.
You know, and everybody's saying, oh, but you know, you would have gotten no nurturing at a foster home.
It would have been better than what I was getting at my home home.
Oh, you'll get bad food at a foster home.
Would have been more and better food than I was getting at my home home.
The point I'm trying to make is I don't see rehabilitation as a deterrent to crime.
And I don't, I mean, how can that be a deterrent to crime?
Oh, I kill somebody.
I get, are these people are going to start running, you know, rallying around me, trying to figure out what my problem is?
I don't care what your problem is.
We've all got problems as home.
We just deal with them.
You're some sort of an animal who decided to deal with your problem that way, the violent way,
which means you're an animal, a dangerous animal that we need to put away.
And then we'll harvest your organs and we're going to put them into the bodies of good people.
You know, good people who live their whole lives not messing with other people,
paid their bills, paid their taxes, and now their, their organs are failing.
We're going to put one of your organs or several of them into their bodies because they deserve it more than you do.
Ashold, violent, dangerous, ashold, hold high Michelle. How you doing? It didn't mean you.
So the poll question, because I don't think we've done it yet.
By the way, here are the results of yesterday's poll question.
We'll eventually get back to that 599 vote so far.
What should we do about the homeless?
Give them food shelter and vote tag for a limited time.
One with 293.48.9%.
Send them to camp 160.
People said that. Nothing 113.
Give them food and shelter indefinitely.
Only 33 5.5% of the people said that.
So here's the age of accountability poll that we're going to do today.
Is that what we're doing? I guess why? What do you want to do?
Oh, I have nothing.
Okay. What should the age of accountability be?
And I figured to start at six years old because that's just...
I mean, if you think that's too old, do you think it should be younger than that?
Oh, no.
I can't imagine anybody being more of a hard ass than me on this issue.
Yeah, at six, six.
You barely know you're walking around breathing air.
Right.
So let's start at six just where you want to start at older than that.
I'm going to start at eight.
You know, we had this nine-year-old little kid that beat another kid to death with a baseball bat.
Because he didn't like him.
What should we do with that kid?
Nurture him.
Let's split the difference and start at seven.
Okay.
Seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen.
All the way up to eight. All the way up to eighteen.
You know what?
That's not high enough for some people.
Some people think it should be nineteen-twenty.
Some people think that you don't know yourself and you don't know the difference between right and wrong until you're twenty-five.
Which is, of course, bullcrap.
Can we make it twenty-nine?
And if we do, then I got to go.
No, I'm going to go.
Oh.
On your way, could you do a favor for me?
Sure.
Here's the address.
Here's the picture.
I got a picture on my digital camera here.
Okay.
Okay.
Seven.
What should the age of accountability be?
Accountability for whatever.
Whatever.
At what age do you know the difference between right and wrong?
At what age don't you have any excuses anymore for hurting people and stealing their things and whatnot?
So what we'll do is we'll put in a parenthesis, what you just said, because people,
clicking on to the internet later, will have no idea what accountability means.
So, you know what to say?
No, I don't know.
I don't know what that word means.
Yeah, but in context, what we're talking about.
We could phrase it differently.
We could say, at what age should you be held accountable for your actions?
Very good.
I remember I was still using that accountable word.
Yeah, but I use a different word.
You've changed.
You've jumped it down more?
Yeah.
Okay.
Dumb it down as much as possible.
At what age should you be held responsible for your actions?
It says dumb as I can get.
I like it.
Okay.
Let's go with that.
70-901-30 more than I had 60.
Here's the mobile and coconut creek.
Hey George.
Hey.
The boom count rat, the only other song that I could recall right now are Joey's on the street again.
No, it's not it.
Dave?
No.
The only other song I can think of.
Oh, it was on their greatest hits.
I used to have it.
Somebody stole the rat trap.
I lost it.
It's not rat trap.
Stop that.
And then regarding the lady who actually did the shooting, I don't think she was a student or a teacher at the school.
She was just like a local crazy lady. Well, we got more version of this story than anything. That's great. Let's see how many more
urban legends. Yeah, house on fire. No. And I think as a result of that shooting is where they pass the law where you can't have a gun within a thousand
feet or a thousand yards of a school. And I haven't heard of whether Nate's going to be charged with that. It's just icing on the cake, I guess, as far as
their concern. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello, George. Yes. Hi, about has lady. Hi, about how's lady. How are you? I've got two choices for you. Okay. First one is banana republic. No, elephant graveyard is my second. No. I don't think so. I'm going to have to get another greatest hits and just listen to them all. Maybe I don't know the title. Obviously, besides not being able to remember it. Don't feel bad. I have that kind of memory myself and it's fun. I don't know why.
I can't remember anything. Well, I don't do pot, but maybe I should start. I guess I can't hurt at this point. Well, I'm out of material, but it was nice talking to you. My pleasure. Thank you very much. Thanks, George for sharing. Getting back to this whole punishment versus rehabilitation concept. Besides not being into rehabilitation. What's wrong with revenge? What's wrong with institutionalized vengeance? And here we go again.
The Christians are supposed to not be into vengeance. Vengeance is mine. Say it the Lord, but they're the ones that are always shouting an eye for an eye for an eye for an eye for an eye for an eye for a tooth for a tooth. It's to overturn that old testament concept.
When Jesus mentions that he says, you've heard it said an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, but I'm here to tell you love your enemies. Embrace those who would hurt you yada yada yada. I'm misquoting it. Nevertheless, that's the gizz of it. You've got some titles for me or something. All the titles on the boomtown rats greatest hits that have an eye. Let's see if one of them is it banana republic. No skin on skin. No up all night. No, never in a million years. That's the one. That's the one.
How about that? And for the other people out there, there's also house on fire and she's so modern. That's not bad. She's so modern. Eight bad. I could actually played both of those. Never in a million years. What a great song that I haven't heard in a million years.
Eric, hey, Eric!
You can find that song!
Could you hear me?
To me!
Well guess what?
I got a yell because he's in Orlando.
He's the one with the...
With the levels.
Yeah.
Never in a million years.
What a great song and most people haven't heard that,
because I don't think it was on.
I don't think it was released as a single.
I was drawing a blank myself.
And I consider myself a mystery.
You might remember it if...
If you hear it, if I heard it.
Which I would love to hear it like right now, right now.
If somebody has it,
email it in an MP3 format,
email it to ericatneorodgers.com
and he'll error it.
We'll get it.
He has it.
He has it?
I'm sure.
I'm sure he's getting it right now.
All right.
That's what Eric was.
I'm excited.
Well very good.
Still anyway, I was going to towel.
I was talking about vengeance.
We had some lines ringing,
but they hung up because we didn't get to them in time.
That's all right.
They all wanted to talk about boom-towelate.
They're like...
I don't like Mondays.
This is the song.
He went in the three where that.
Yeah.
Yeah. No. No.
That's their most famous song easily.
And it is a good song, but nevertheless.
What a good job Bob Geldoff did in the wall movie though.
I thought.
Because who to thunk it?
I mean he didn't have to act much, I guess.
He just kind of stumbled around.
But anyway, what's wrong with institutionalized vengeance?
Let's take the Timothy McVeigh thing for a moment.
You know what?
This is going to take a long time.
So let's just take the break right now.
Because I've been...
of negativity.
If you're victimized, society,
instead of rallying to support you,
rallies to support the person that just traumatized you
that just took your husband away,
what kind of a message does that send to you
and everyone else?
Society then isn't my friend.
So I need to take the line to my own hands.
I need to turn my wrath against the people that are abandoning me
and supporting my assailant.
What do we do to make the victim feel better?
We can't do a lot.
How can you replace a loved one like I have?
How can we replace this woman's husband?
This child's father?
Barry Gruno, we can't replace it.
Now I don't know about you,
but I know that if someone killed one of my loved ones,
I would want to play a soccer match with their head.
That would make me feel better.
No, it's not going to bring back the...
Nothing's going to bring them back.
You know what?
Fuck you.
Of course, that's the most retarded thing
that I've ever heard come out of human beings mouths.
It's not going to bring them back.
No, sh** surelock.
But you know what it's going to do?
It's going to make me feel a whole lot better
to play soccer with their head.
Me and my family members will play soccer with their head,
or I'll take their head and put it on a spike out in front of my house
so that when I drive home every day,
I won't see the face of my loved one,
but I'll see the face of my loved ones killer
rotting away with a raven,
perched on top of it, pecking its eyes out.
That will make me feel better.
I thought about it.
Make me feel a whole lot better.
Closure at the risk of over, you know,
overusing that word.
And a sense of satisfaction that
this is what happens to people who mess with us,
the good people.
A wonderful, warm, fuzzy sense of satisfaction,
that this mother sh**ter didn't get away with it.
Got what they deserved.
That's therapy.
That's therapeutic.
That takes away my rage.
To an extent, for one thing,
the person that I'm feeling my rage towards
isn't around anymore.
They're not sitting in a cell
or worse yet in some sort of a mental hospital,
getting fed happy pills.
That would send me into a rage.
That would cause me to think about getting a gun
and taking my frustrations out on society who failed me.
The never-ending cycle of violence will continue
because society turned its back on me.
They're punishing me by sucking the ass
of my loved ones killer.
Whose side is society on?
This woman, I can't even imagine.
This woman, this baby who will never know his father,
her father.
I don't know the gender of the child.
It's like an 18-month-old child or something like that.
I get choked up thinking about it.
But here's a kid that will never know his father.
Mommy's going to have to explain to this kid what happened to daddy
and the next question out of the kid's mouth is,
what happened to the trashy punk?
The no-good piece of sh**t that blew my daddy away.
Oh, he's in Bellevue somewhere.
Being fed happy pills.
Pozac or something like that.
Something that releases endorphins in his brain.
Something that a lot of people spend good money on out on the street to get.
He's getting them for free.
He's getting them and we're paying for it as a matter of fact.
Taxpayers are buying him a room, meals, and drugs.
And he's getting therapy.
Therapy is a nurturing person gets to ask you questions about your pain.
And then you get to share your pain.
And you get padded on the back by digging deep inside yourself
and finding that pain and sharing it.
This is the punishment.
What's wrong with punishment?
What's wrong with revenge?
The people, the families, the people that Timothy McVeigh blew up.
Don't you think they want to play soccer with his head?
I just, I think of that.
Remember the man who would be King, Sean Connery movie?
No, didn't see that.
Very good movie.
But that's what they did with the former King.
Is that they would put up a new king and then the former king they would cut his head off.
They would put his head in a bag and play soccer with his head.
Kind of fun.
Yeah.
If you really hated the guy.
Sure.
Well, I tell you what, somebody takes a loved one away from me.
I will hate them.
I've already determined as we watch the news from early childhood.
That's what we do at the dinner table is watch current events and stuff.
And I've determined that I will be vigilante guy.
There's no way if someone takes my loved one, son, daughter, father, mother away from me
that I'll be able to sit in the little courtroom and watch them.
And maybe they'll get off and walk away and smile at me.
Maybe they won't, because I won't be able to do that.
And I've accepted that should that happen to me that I, and you'll go away and you'll have to pay for it.
Yes. And I've come to the same, I'd be worth it.
It probably will be worth it.
And this is the kind of mentality that this kind of system generates.
The two wrongs don't make a right.
Shut up.
The notion that we're going to rally around the criminal and abandon the victim is maddening to me.
And I've come to the same conclusion.
That makes you just as bad as them.
Shut up.
No, it's not just as bad as them.
As a matter of fact, wiping evil from the world is a good thing.
If I hit the $400 million lottery, if in 10 years traveling the world having a great time,
became old my next thing, the next thing on the list, would be Bruce Wayne type vigilanteism.
Right.
What could be better than that?
What could be more fulfilling than wiping evil off of the world, off of the earth?
Exactly.
And by the way, because we're civilized people, we shouldn't have vigilanteism.
The system should take care of this for us.
Because people, and that's the way it used to be.
Somebody wronged you, you would get your gun, and then family feud, the hatfield and the McCoy's.
We have a system, supposedly, so that we don't have to take the law into our own hands.
The law is going to provide justice for us.
There's that word, justice. What an unusual word.
What does that mean?
Justice. It means what's just.
What's right.
And what's right is whatever the victims decide is right.
That's what justice is.
Ask the parents of the children who were blown up in Oklahoma City.
What would make you feel better?
Tim McVase had on a spike in a public place where I could go and throw rocks at it.
That would be justice.
Within reason, of course, like Don Corleone says in the first one, your daughter is still alive.
That's why we have rational discussion.
That's why we have society.
That's why we do it on a judicial level so that cooler heads can prevail and decide what's fair and what's right.
What's right for the victims of the Oklahoma City bombing is seeing Tim McVase head on a spike.
Watching him die, watching the eyes sink into his head knowing that he didn't get away with it.
That he's not eating meals on the public dollar.
That will never have another happy thought in his life.
Right.
Because he's having those right now.
Sure he is.
Because you can have a happy, you can have happy moments no matter what your situation is.
He gets an itch on his back.
He's scratch is able to scratch.
Enjoy.
That's joy.
Think he's beaten off?
Joy.
Yes. With out without a doubt.
That's happiness.
That's joy right there.
Highlight of my life sometimes.
Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello, George.
Yes.
As far as rehabilitation for murderers.
This is just totally ridiculous to me because the concept of rehabilitation is tied in with parole.
In other words, now we're going to put you back in society and you can be prepared.
Where did that come from?
Why? Why rehabilitate?
Well, I'm going to get to that.
Okay.
Now, for a murderer, the only way I'm going to parole, am I wrong?
I don't want to make the distinction between a murderer and a city.
But I do so.
Well, I don't.
So go away.
Miami, hello.
Yeah, George.
Yes.
Why do you all talk about some murders and some you don't talk about?
What are you talking about?
I don't.
The girl?
Sir?
Sir?
Yeah.
Sir?
Yeah.
Sir?
Don't talk about some and not others.
Well, that would happen like the murder you have to have.
No.
No.
No.
I never talk about some murders and not others.
I talk about all murders that are in the news.
Where would you let me, uh, my, uh, my, uh, okay?
All right, because I know exactly what you're going to say.
Okay.
You're going to accuse me of only talking about black murderers and you're wrong.
Uh, when, uh, I want you to any kill those two little girls.
Who?
Uh, I want the groom that killed the murder, the two little girls.
The girl that murdered the two little girls, ought?
Yeah.
And put them in the, in the, in the, up in the attic?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know that story.
Well, it happened right here in on, um, my am a, uh,
I don't know that story.
Hey, I know.
Sir, can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
What happened to him, the murderer?
Well, he got, uh, death, uh, well, he got the death sentence.
But then nobody mentioned it on your show.
You know what?
That's probably why we didn't mention it because he got what he deserved.
Y'all been talking about this for the last episode.
Sir?
Because what we're talking about is that there's a whole group of people
that want to nurture this child.
Oh.
That's what we're talking about.
Did anybody rally, sir, this case that you're talking about
that I never heard of?
Were there a bunch of people rallying around him
and making excuses for him?
Yeah.
Yes, his family, his family, anybody else, like society?
Uh, well, well.
You can always expect the family to come to the aid of their family members.
I think that's ridiculous, but never the last time.
What about the girl, the other day, that killer baby?
You, you, you got to, I'm mentioning that on the other side.
What's happening to her, sir, is anybody rallying around her and supporting her?
Right.
Every day on the moon.
No.
What do you mean every day on the news?
I watch the news every day and I haven't seen her since.
Yeah.
I haven't seen her since I saw her while dog.
Something you just forget it.
No, imagine it.
You know, if you just get out of the house for the time.
I don't see her on court TV.
I don't see her on the news.
And I think that you are very color blind, sir.
And I take great offense to the implication that we're making a special case out of this
because this boy's black.
If anybody's making a special case out of his race, it's big now.
Got to go with them.
Oh, crack, okay.
Rack, okay.
Rack, okay.
Rack, okay.
Rack, okay.
Rack, okay.
Rack, okay.
Rack, okay.
Rack, okay.
Rack, okay.
Rack, okay.
Rack, okay.
Rack, okay.
Rack, okay.
Rack, okay.
1119 on 2A.
And by the way, I hate Nancy Gray's court TV.
That's right here.
I'm from inside that courtroom in the meantime.
I want to...
She must have gone to the Barbara Walter School of Phony Sincereity.
Melodrama that do jury is in deliberation.
Rack, now.
Just shut up.
You hyperventilating melodramatic over the top bitch.
This Native material that's absolutely crucial.
Take a volume and calm the f*** down.
Please.
By the way, I don't know if you've been following all the recaps.
I haven't been watching the trial, but they got the recaps on every five minutes.
Those of us in radio understand how long a second is.
And 11 of them is an eternity.
Those of us who have to do things and buy the second hand at the clock.
11 seconds for those of you who don't know.
Let me...
Because that's how long...
That's how long he had the gun in his hand while he was having the conversation.
And then four seconds was how long he had the gun in his face before he pulled the trigger.
For those of you who think that it was an accident.
I make fun of that because the only people that I hear saying that it was an accident
besides Randy had that kind of an accent.
Four seconds starting now.
That's four.
And that's 11.
So there was no snapshot.
That was 11 from the four.
In other words, I counted off four and then I counted off 11.
11 seconds is an eternity.
I can queue up two comedy bits and have a conversation with Joe in 11 seconds.
That's a long-ass time to be thinking about what you're about to do.
Four seconds.
Let me do it again.
One, two, three, four.
And there's five because I started the one when I said one.
That's how long he was holding the gun up in his face before he pulled the trigger.
He knew exactly what he was doing.
He was holding the gun up there and according to these testimonies, he was holding the gun while you were saying,
let me see these girls.
And Barry Gruno said no.
And he said...
And I think that the guys that the one girl's dad had a very valid point.
Mr. Gruno had no idea.
He wasn't about to release his students to a mad gunman.
In all likelihood, I agree with that assessment.
In all likelihood, he took a bullet for those girls.
These are girls that he was attracted to who had spurned his advancement.
So I think that that's a valid observation.
Who knows what he was planning on doing when he got those girls away from the scene?
What do you think he was going to do?
Show off the gun.
Hey, look what I got.
I'm going to go off this person like he was telling people the day before he was going to do.
Or I just used this to scare them so I could say goodbye to you.
Right.
Yeah.
We don't know what he was going to do.
Same people, people who are all calm and collected.
Obviously, he demonstrated how whacked he is because he whacked his teacher.
So I don't feel any sympathy for this kid.
He's an animal.
If he's dangerous at 13, is he going to be safer at 20?
At 18, if he's charged with his juvenile, he gets out at 18.
He's going to be a safer 18-year-old than he was at 13.
A cold-blooded killer at 13, but now he's 18, bigger, stronger, smarter,
and somehow we're supposed to believe safer to be out on the streets with us.
The rest of us.
Here's a mobile in Kendo.
Hello.
Hey, George A.
Doing well.
All right.
How are you?
Good.
You know, without taking a side on this issue of the Nathan Brazil thing, it brings up a lot of very interesting points that you want to think about it.
Like, for example, we all are entitled to a jury of our peers.
You know, it would make you wonder like, well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
I hate the jury system.
I've come to know.
But the point is that's the way the law is.
I know.
I know.
But I don't have to like it.
But is a 14-year-old kid being having a jury of a bunch of people average age, maybe 50, is that his peers?
Well, you have to define peer.
Exactly.
What is the definition of peer?
That's the first question to come to mind.
Then secondly, in a lot of issues.
By the way, since you raised the point, what do you think that a jury of his peers would conclude?
His age group.
How about that classroom?
How about put the kids in the class who actually watched it going on?
They don't have to listen to people's testimony.
They all saw it.
How about let the class decide?
That could be his peer group.
What do you think they would decide?
I don't know, but that's not my point.
I just raised my point.
I know that's not your point.
But what do you think?
You have an opinion.
What do you think that the kids that saw that go on?
What do you think that they would come up with?
Number one, the lawyers get to basically choose the jury.
I don't understand that.
But why don't you answer the question?
What do you think that the kids who witnessed the shooting would conclude?
I guess they would conclude he was guilty.
Of course they would.
But that's not the way the law worked.
I know that.
I know.
All right.
So the second point is in a lot of cases when a child does something wrong,
the parent is held partially culpable.
Uh-huh.
In this case, the parents aren't on the hook for anything, which makes the phrase an interesting point.
Any other day, you were saying, I believe if I heard you correctly, I only catch the show on them in my truck.
But you were saying that you were in agreement for certain things being adult-only, etc.
And then it was.
It was.
I thought so.
You were talking about things being adult-only.
What was I talking about?
I think you were talking clubs, bars.
I have a point I'm making.
The point I'm making is that if society in general thinks certain things should be adult-only, then what is it?
Why is it that they don't want kids exposed to certain things?
Society must feel that it's going to have a negative impact on the kid.
So if society says things should be adult-only, but the kids have access to it,
and the very things that society is afraid are going to happen, do in fact happen by the kid,
if the kid is totally responsible.
No, it's society's fault.
Let's put them in jail.
Here we go back at that.
Here's a lady in Fort Myers.
I'm getting a headache from that.
Hey, George.
Hi.
Hi.
Two things.
You were talking about an eye for an eye.
I started thinking that if it's an eye for an eye, then what does that mean?
I mean, where would you think that Kim McVeigh would suffer the most?
Lifetime in jail, execution, or to take members of his family and blow them up with a bomb?
Right.
Well, obviously we can't do that because we don't know about his family,
and we can't blame his family for him and what he did.
I mean, I'm understandable.
You might like to.
But what we need to do is ask the victims what would they like, what would make them feel better?
Maybe having embusting rocks for the rest of his life in a work farm,
if that's what would make them feel better than we as society, should try to accommodate them.
Yeah, I mean, it's such a difficult issue.
It really is because in some cases, there is no punishment that is great enough.
Sometimes I think the death penalty is like an easy way out.
Sometimes, yeah.
You know, so it's a difficult question about rehabilitation.
The thing that people must remember about rehabilitation is that the only people...
Well, we're prohibited, Daddy.
So it's definitely 27-12-25-60.
QAM, here are the up-to-date results of the age of accountability poll.
At 1-H, should you be held responsible for your actions?
13 is winning.
By the way, this keeps changing.
The lead keeps changing.
13 is winning with 11, then 16 and 12 are tied with 9.
Age 10 has 7 votes.
Age 18 has 3 votes.
It's all over the place.
15 has 3 votes.
8 has 2 votes.
19 has 1.
We did 19?
Yeah, I did 19.
Okay.
Because you said some people would want to even older, so I gave them an answer.
So we did 19, and then there are no votes for 9, 11, and 17, which is funny to me.
Oh, or 14.
I had to get all the way down.
So I think that's funny.
Just the number that people come up with.
I can understand that the 6 votes for 7 because that's the lowest entry we had.
But still 13 votes, I mean, sorry, 11 votes for the age 13, like when you become a teen-ager.
When you have that word, teen.
What do you think?
Got a bad system?
Stuff stuff.
I always thought about that we should have three levels of like responsibility slash freedom.
Childhood, adolescence, which is your teenage years, and then adulthood.
Childhood up to 12, adolescence, 13 through 19, where you have a level of responsibility.
And then 20, 20 plus is you got it all.
You got all freedoms and all responsibilities.
Well, the way I would work it is a sliding scale as far as responsibility.
Like during childhood, 20% child, 80% parents.
Okay.
Because a small child, you could tell them to do anything.
They're going to listen to you. You're the right, exactly.
Done as a teen-ager, maybe 50, 50, 60, 40, something like that, and then when you become adult, 100%.
It's your ass. It's all you.
All right. A seven-year-old kid goes out and murder someone.
You know, it's the parents. They did something wrong.
What do you think the nine-year-old who beat the other kid with a baseball that, what happened there?
What went wrong here?
Mommy and daddy.
Didn't let me in dad.
Didn't teach the kid that baseball bats will hurt nor give it from me.
Mobile in Hylia. Hello.
Hey, George, how you doing?
All right. How are you?
Hey, man. I've been listening to you.
So this morning, a little tidbits of it, and I enjoyed the discussion.
Although it's one-sided, I know you have to.
Yeah, it's your audience, you know.
So I wanted to bring your attention to an earlier caller who tried to point out the hypocrisy with this case and other cases similar to it involving Caucasian teens.
Uh-huh.
And you mentioned that this case was on TV right now.
Right now. Right now. Here's the lock you're stuck.
Yeah.
I hear you. I hear you.
But why is it that you think that other cases aren't on court TV involving Caucasian teens doing pretty much the same thing?
Well, for example, the only, uh, same thing that I can think of is, uh, the, uh, the boulder to Colorado thing.
Column in people. Column by, sorry.
Column by high school, Dylan and Cleveland. They shot themselves so that all of them.
What about the kids?
Those other kids who ran up in schools and murdered more than one person.
See, what's happening is I don't hear a lot of people making apologies for them and making excuses for them.
Okay.
You said that for me.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Right?
Right.
When I went there, I graduated in 1995.
Every single year I was in school there. There was a shooting.
Right?
And this is local.
And it was in the news and it wasn't in the papers.
You know why?
Because they were black, killing blacks.
Now that's time to kill whites.
And it's a big controversy like, where did this type happen? All of a sudden?
This has been happening for years.
Kids have been going.
I'll give you that.
The whole, the, no, the, we just never killed a teacher.
Yeah.
The teacher is the important thing.
If this was a black teacher, it would still be in the news.
The teacher, an authority thing.
But I understand this guy's point because he's right.
I mean, we have black on black crime every day.
The media doesn't pick up on it because, because they just don't care.
It's a non-issue to a lot of people.
That's sad, but that's the reality of it.
There was a, it just a little blurb in the paper.
I forget where it was.
We had a stabbing over here.
Where was it, Edison?
I'm not even reading it.
And it was, yeah, I think it was a, over here, Edison, whatever.
The North Miami.
Right.
It was mostly dark school and a black kid or a girl stabbed another black kid.
And, uh, and it was, it just got a little blurb in the paper.
And I picked up on it because the one, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the person that got stabbed was like 20.
Oh, okay.
I'm, what are they doing in high school?
Right.
So, so you're right.
There's an insensitivity when it comes to black on black crime.
But, you know, what, what do you want me to say about that?
Sorry.
I got nothing to do with that.
I understand that.
And another thing I wanted to point out was, uh, this apologetic tone that you're getting from a lot of African American.
It's something we learned from you guys.
You guys, I mean, you learned well.
Go ahead.
Hello, Toby.
Say your name, Toby.
Absolutely right.
You learned that from us.
Where else were you going to learn it from?
Mobile and Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
George.
Yes.
How are you?
All right.
How are you?
Two things.
I, I kind of, I questioned Judge in a 13-year-old as an adult.
I'm not going to pick the dead horse and say why.
But the thing about it that's really getting on my nerves with this kid.
And it kind of throws rehabilitation out the window.
I think I'm not trying to be an expert.
That this kid isn't completely denial.
He did it on purpose.
He's lying and saying it was an accident.
If he could face it up to it and said, yeah, I was mad.
I did it on purpose.
I think he would be getting maybe more of a credibility of getting some rehabilitation.
Because you can't go to rehabilitation and denial of what you did.
Okay.
But understandably, you can't really expect that he was going to say, yeah, I shot this guy.
Now, I mean, he's saying a lot of things that are ridiculous on the face of it like it was an accident.
And this whole thing where it was his favorite teacher.
Yeah, right.
Boy, did they just pull that out of their ass or what?
Yeah.
It was my favorite teacher.
That sounds good.
That's going to sound good on the stand if I say it was my favorite teacher.
Yeah.
He's just lying about what happened and that gets done.
But how often does that happen?
We don't have the kind of justice system that even encourages people to do that.
How often does that happen where people take responsibility for their own actions and say, yeah, you know what?
I was pissed off.
I blew the guy away.
Right.
Also another thing.
You've got to be 18 though in a handgun, right?
I don't know.
I think that's what I was thinking.
I don't know what the Florida law is.
But in Montana, you have to be 14.
Let's put this way.
You're definitely a minor if you're 13 for a gun.
Yeah.
Okay, let's say this kid went on the street and he bought a handgun from a guy who bought a
stolen handgun on the street for 100 bucks.
Yeah.
13 year old takes the gun and he shoots and kills somebody and they catch him for it.
They say, okay, we're going to try you as an adult.
Now, they find out who the guy was who sold him the gun.
Can they try that guy?
Yeah.
Come on, I want to ride the party.
Come on, I want to ride the party.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, that's it.
Now I'm hitting it.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, whoa yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, oh, whoa yeah.
Move it up a little more.
I want to hire.
Oh, that's it.
Yeah.
That's it.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Go go.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, oh.
Oh.
Oh, there it is.
Oh.
There it is.
Oh, that's it.
Stop it! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!
Sorry, we're just too busy sitting here laughing. That's one of those no matter how many times you hear it. It's still good. Like the bagpipes. Who are those guys? Those are the same guys that do the bagpipes. No, I know that you all can't do that either. Don't know it's on the disc somewhere here. I don't know. The bagpipes? The guy who does caffeine leaves their way. Yes. It doesn't even just go. All those are the John Rocker psychiatry. That's them also. I don't know where they are. Like the kidnap them and put them in a little room like Rumble Stiltskin, you know, and have Bokobrine forced them to crank out comedy bits. 12-12.
12-12, I should say. On QAM, don't forget to join Joe Castello this Saturday from noon to two at BJ's wholesale club in Hembroke Pines. Joe, Miguel, and one of the beautiful QAM cuties will be at 1,300,700 Pines Boulevard with great prizes and food and great food from Atlantic City Sub's. That's this Saturday noon till two. BJ's wholesale club, 1,300 Pines Boulevard way out west in the swamp. Stop by, say hi. Google the group.
I'm a girl. You know the routine. Here's a mobile in Boka. Hello. George, yes. Yeah, I enjoy your show. I hope someday you get your own. Me too. I haven't I haven't heard too much talk about her new family and almost nine. His children, you know, what it's like for them. I don't hear too many bleeding hearts for them. Right. You know, I had unfortunately lost an aunt and uncle in a car accident many years ago. But I do remember how it's built to this day.
The finality of it and the fact that you know, one day they're here the next they're gone. It's very hard to rationalize. So I can't imagine what it would be like when these people have to face another birthday or holiday and know that this kid. I really think it's going to get off. I don't think you're going to do much time. I tend to agree with you as far as I know. They are the jury actually has the option of convicting him of different things like first or second or something like that. Is that what?
Is that correct? Yeah, I think so, but you know, my gut feeling because it seems like our society just we just don't care. We just don't say well, you know, there must be a reason that he did it. So we're going to let him off. And it just doesn't seem like we care about who gets killed or what happens to the victims anymore. I have a reason to rationalize why the person did it. That's why it's happened so many so often. And again, they don't think about what about the message that it's sending to the rest of us, the kids in that class.
All of the kids in that school, all of the kids in school everywhere. If the message that we send to them is blow your teacher away. It's a good way to get help for your problems.
That's exactly right. You know, and I don't, the people that say fry him, I kind of have to agree with that because how well are we going to stop it?
Right. I agree. Public decline. You may enjoy your show. I enjoy your show too. Here's Liberty City. Hello. George. Yes. Hey, how you doing?
Fine. I'm going to say something that might seem a little contrary to what you've been saying. But try to get the gist of what I'm saying.
Okay. I perfectly agree that he should be sentenced according to adult guidelines and all that.
But the thing is, is that aren't we sort of sort of looking aside or putting aside the fact that this society is so insane with violence?
Yeah. Not to rationalize or justify him. But shouldn't we be thinking of taking a good look at that too because...
Sure. But, sir, let me ask you something. At what point in human history have we not been violent? Was it when we were cavemen that we were nice to each other?
Was it when the Roman legions were conquering the world and destroying villages and killing people?
Was it when the gods and the vizagots were swarming through Europe killing people? At what point in human history were we non-violent?
At no point. But I think it didn't go as young with the kids today.
Why do you say that? Why would you say that? I open up a National Geographic and I see 12-year-old Indonesian kids with AK-47s because they're still fighting a war over there.
Leading armies. Leading armies. Exactly. I saw that Joe obviously saw the same issue.
Right, but here it's more like a human history. In England they used to hang children for stealing an apple. If a peasant child stole an apple off an apple cart they would hang this starving child.
But isn't that a far cry from kids walking in the schools with AK-47s?
What I'm saying is that what point... We've always had violence. We've always had violent people and we've always sought to deal with them one way or another.
I don't see the difference between now and then the only difference between us now and those people then is that we've got more technology now.
But humans are still the same as they ever were. We're still violent. Children are still doing aberrant things. They always have.
Well I think these video games are...
Oh yeah, let's get rid of the video games.
No, no, no, no. I'm just saying they're making the video game producers who are making a mental piece of these kids.
Sir, you know, sir. Before we had video games where kids all nice and safe and they never had anything bad, you know, that they have video games during the crusades and the Spanish in the position when the church was torturing people to death for believing in something else.
What was their excuse? Were they raised with violent television and video games they were raised on the Bible?
They were... They were... They were... They were... As a matter of fact the Bible was the material, the catalyst for what they were doing.
During the Salem... In this country, during the Salem witch trials when we hung people for witchcraft were they really witches, sir?
No, no, they weren't. But because they were taking the Bible literally they put people to death because of what the Bible said to do with witches.
So shouldn't we get rid of the Bible because I think that's a very negative influence on our society. It causes people to kill other people.
But isn't it strange how kids today are killing for really no reason?
When... When... How is it different? When was it different, sir?
Well, you're saying that there was at least some ostensible talk.
We know what we have now. We have mass media now. If something happens on the other side of the world right now we all know about it within an hour.
That's the only thing that's different now than then. It's all kinds of crazy barbaric things were always happening.
And yes, children and teenagers were part of what was going on and doing crazy barbaric aberrant things.
It's just that we weren't really good at finding out about it because if it happened on the other side of the mountain the only people that knew about it were the people that lived on the other side of the mountain.
So you think this kind of violence will always exist and there's nothing we can do?
I hope that we will take steps as a society to become a less and less violent culture.
But so I don't know what's going to happen in the future.
Punishability is the only way to make it stop.
There you go. That's a good idea.
Yeah, exactly. We go back to what I said yesterday.
Let's try the revolutionary new concept of separating the good people from the bad people permanently.
Not you get to go into the refrigerator for a little while and then come back at us.
After you've all after you're all rested and better educated, not you've worked out with some weights on our money by the way.
We're going to let you back out. Now you're better than you were before. Yeah, a better criminal.
Marble and Dania, hello.
Hey, how you doing, man?
All right, how are you?
Good, thanks.
First of all, let me say I admire your patience for in dealing with somebody like that who obviously is clueless.
Well, I want to give people the opportunity to state their point of view.
Like I say, I admire your patience.
The problem here is that our system of what passes for justice is of the lawyers,
I don't know, there's an for the lawyers.
It has nothing to do with what the right outcome should be.
It has to do with what is going to be the most lucrative outcome for the attorneys involved.
And this includes the judges because without this perverse system of justice that we have,
the judges would actually have to go out and work for a living.
Absolutely correct sir.
Are you familiar with the origin of the term defamation?
No. Okay, do you think to take someone's fame away to do the ordinary?
Not defamation, defamation.
Oh no, no.
Okay, the origin of the term defamation.
Roman generals, when faced with a difficult fight, would take their troops and line them up
and count off their men.
And every tenth man, the other soldiers would have to kill him.
And decimate decimating Ken and Ken in very good.
And Latin, this is what we need to do.
What's up guys?
12 or 2 on 2 a.m.
I was going to ask you to call Eric, but I'll just say it because he might be listening.
I can't find the Ted Kaczynski song in this machine here.
And I could have sworn that I put it in.
Ted, he's Ted Kaczynski, King of the Wild Frontier.
Since we're talking about killers and murderers and crazy people and all of these things.
So you want to know which best of nails and gotta be on one of the best of nails?
And since Eric knows all.
Eric, he knows all.
He knows everything.
All right.
He's a bottomless pit of knowledge.
He's on the clock.
So in fact, thank you very much for this by the way.
Frank and Fort Lauderdale, I guess.
The possible verdicts that the jury could come back with.
Nine women, three men, Palm Beach County jury, continues deliberations.
He had six charges.
Convicted one is six charges.
I hate the jury system and I hate this kind of a system also.
Do you know what I mean?
Like, leaving the what he did something.
The trial should be about what he did, not what we're gonna call it.
You know what I mean?
Anyway, first degree murder with a firearm, the charge carries mandatory life sentence without parole.
Second degree murder with a firearm, the charge carries a sentence of 22 years to life in prison.
Third degree murder with a firearm under the state sentencing guidelines.
The charge carries up to 15 years in prison.
Man slaughtered with a firearm, the charges, the charge carries up to 15 years in prison.
Aggravated battery with a firearm, charge carries up to 15 years in prison.
Aggravated assault with a firearm, the charge carries up to five years in prison.
And then it goes into the finer details of what's what.
And I think the guy that called earlier is correct.
I think this jury is gonna come after deliberating for a long time.
And I don't believe that we're gonna get an answer today.
They're going to come up with some sort of a compromise, which I hate.
Here's a mobile in West Palm. Hello.
Hey George.
Hey.
Did the changes subject real quick?
Absolutely.
What do you want?
The homeless people have hit West Palm Beach.
Oh, it's voice police.
Plus you, you know what?
I, Missouri loves companies, sir.
If anyone can quash this organization, the snooty blue hairs of West Palm can do it.
The funny thing about it is now you got a homeless voice bomb and a regular bomb on every street corner.
And they're like battling for turf granted to Larry.
Well, the good news is going to be the orange amoeba is going to assimilate the non-costag bombs.
I've seen it happen locally and you're gonna see it over there too.
You've got into park bombs.
Apparently there's, you know, these organized bombs will make more money for themselves than the disorganized bombs.
So you're gonna see nothing but orange shirts inside of two weeks time.
Oh, no.
Get out of here.
I've just done a shirt out with you.
Thank you.
I've got to deal with it too.
Thank you. I feel much better now knowing that it isn't just happening to my wonderful little town of Hollywood.
Medley, hello.
George, there's been two incidents related as far as one African American, you know, being a juvenile getting ready for a,
or could be a life sentence.
And now another African American American was dead because eight officers try to apprehend him.
Well, they did apprehend him.
Well, but he died.
He's not an African American. He's a Haitian.
Okay. He was a Haitian.
Do you think that that might create some type of problem in the society?
Maybe.
As far as riots maybe, or you think that they're over there?
I don't know. It depends on what comes of it.
It depends on how, you know, they have to investigate why the guy died.
There's a lot of things that we don't know because we weren't there.
So somebody's going to have to like a corner and there's going to have to be an autopsy.
And we need to find out why this guy died.
What about bringing back the coupons?
In other words, he ran away bringing back the what?
Coupons clan.
Okay.
You'll write the first time.
The Coupons clan is what he said.
Here's a lady in a mobile in Coral Springs.
Great. George, how are you doing?
Great. How are you?
Good. Okay. What?
First of all take your time.
With that thing, that guy was talking about with how young the people are nowadays.
It's not nowadays.
Yeah. Well, I mean, does he realize though that years and years and years ago that people died a lot younger?
Right.
I mean, hello, I mean people were like 20 when they were dying.
So, sure.
They were younger.
And people were, I mean, we had child labor in this country.
We had child labor on the farms.
In the old country, whatever old country we happen to come from.
everybody was considered to be you know work age uh... as soon as they could walk
practically
and also i'd like to be and by the way people were getting married at fourteen
fifteen and fifteen and everything was younger than
it's not that new thing and you want to do what now
and also uh... well i couple more things but the other thing i totally
agree with you the technology i mean
on twenty six and uh... and i could see two different between me and my
thirteen year old me and
the difference is is is technology the fact that
uh... the information that
right amazing that they have everything now we have a news organization in
every
pissed ant little country in the world
uh... read the story yesterday about the monkey man in the
you know we never would have gotten that story before electronic medium
somebody faxed to me no less
or i have to be faxed to out of any brought it into me
right and and also uh...
the big thing with with uh... the kid is a couple things that that is
one of them is i don't get you get to watch any video when he was on the
yeah well they kept showing the highlights over the weekend
well the thing that i
kind of notice i watch basically the whole thing of him talking
was when his
boy was talking and and i'm sure you heard that that he fed him all the
questions and all the answers basically
when he was asking him how he found that all of the more you think i want to go
look for cookies and i found it
and you know fire white why did you take it and his
own reason for it was a fact that
he every summer whatever would go with his
go to the ant's nunchles and the carolines were one
and they would shoot but first of all
he didn't remember any of their names and if you're going up there for
first of all when
and of all
uh...
when and then they act in but when uh...
when home
and also he didn't tell you know he didn't tell anybody they said why he
said well because they would be a
well he knew
at that point it was wrong
second of all when he went home the day that you know they sent him home
he went and he picked up the gun they said why he said
i don't know if you want to
that's not enough reason
i just wanted to that much like the mibles that you know answer for for
creation because it's got sense of
so i mean what i don't know he would call people the day before that uh... you
know be watching for me because i'm gonna make a you know i'm gonna make a
big see
right
right when he said that i was like all he could be you know maybe
you know
you know good reason that i want to be because i want to have it
if it's a whole reason
just because
for the summer right
and i'm saying that that's an extent also
you know i think with with people in jail and so that i think you need to bring
back out the trap
take all the bad people
yeah
and
throw away the lock and that is it okay
i'll have a great day George you too that's really all friends will love that
yeah
people
we got enough problems
we got enough issues over here
already cute something else up because i had the perfect of course
why can't i find this thing oh here we go
i think i might buy the yet i have all those problems over there all the time
but we have a an island off the coast somewhere that's just you know scrubby
gotta be like i guess kathalina island is kind of a sizeable island off the
california coast but it's i reckon nice
relatively nice what about those islands in the
this out pacific where we tested nuclear weapons and now they're uninhabitable
because of the radiation okay or like Easter island which is out in the middle
of nowhere but yeah we don't want to give them the
the blue-footed boobies though or elution islands in Alaska
the chain of islands there right
yeah no the boobies are gone we'll ship in new boobies
oh here's a mobile in Miami lakes
hey George howdy how you doing fine two points number one we're all sitting and
fighting or discussing this this Nate Brazil case
yeah because we decided to try him like an adult which i happen to agree with
how do have we decided to try him like a child
we wouldn't be discussing his prison term but since he'd been tried like an adult
he should face the problem by the way if we had decided to try him as a child
you better believe that we'd be discussing it because a lot of people like
myself would be outraged once we've decided to try him like an adult
then he should face the punishment that an adult's going to face right
and if we don't and if we if we continue to
then the young kids you'll have these 12 and 13-year-old kids shooting everywhere
and shooting every day number one number two we were talking about
institutional revenge
Timothy McVeigh is a tremendous example right and what's wrong with that
what's wrong with that okay i'm very pro-california
Timothy McVeigh he wants to die he says i don't want to sit in jail i want to
i think he's having second thoughts right now
well i think that was just a big prep you know brave speech when he knew that there
was uh nothing that he was going to be able to do about it
we we we have to stop we keep talking about uh
constitutional rights uh humanitarian rights
once someone has done a heinous crime they've lost their rights
right they've gone against what's wrong with society
so we we need for rights to people because we don't know because remember
everyone's guilt is in question until they've been convicted
well once once they are convicted then that's it your rights are gone you
forfeited we're going to make mistakes in society i mean life is all based on
statistics so yeah they they came out what if someone is innocent
those mistakes we're going to make that's why we we're supposed to have a good
justice system dedicated to finding out the truth not a high school debate
between two lawyers which is what it amounts to is who can put on the best show
for a bunch of untrained goofballs called the jury that's not a basis for
a justice system it needs to be a deep and thorough investigation of the truth
and an exercise in getting to
what is it 1218 560 wqa m well we went into the break we had a whole bunch of
calls on the board but now we just have one in ilyah and it's probably a
crank according to joe 5 6 7 0 5 60 in date and
broward counties pound five sixty under eyes and wireless eight seven seven seven
eight five six three four five on the toll-free line
scurried at this call and i can place some of that gin white i was talking about
yesterday
cool cool
funny
hello
yeah boy that was funny qa m hello
hey i'm sorry i got distracted okay what happened
all right let's let's try it again
hello yeah George yeah nothing just killing a radio show
i hear you just killing it yeah killing it dead
hey listen you need to see a doctor man you're sick
i need to do what i see a doctor
a physician has he a doctor yeah
uh-huh yeah a rash left right uh-huh
okay
yeah thank
all right here we go again they waited till one thirty yesterday
here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile Miami
oh yes hey um i even hate to bring this up i mean
get into a capital punishment uh-passion but
what do you don't give you don't give a crap about the
the fact that innocent people are being killed
of course i do that's that's a different issue
why are you getting all squirrely yeah i'm like a
squirrely if that a different issue come on we got people are being
convicted wrongly proven by DNA evidence all
the time that are being sentenced to death that aren't
guilty so why would you want to support something that uh
was doing that it's a different issue because what we need to do is we need to
have a good justice system i was just talking about
i'm talking about the reality what i know i'm going to hang up on your
squirrely yelling you can't have a conversation ask
wasn't i common collected letting him talk
and every time i try to say something he went off you know wiggy on me he
doesn't want to have doesn't want to have a rational
discussion we need a good justice system like i just got done saying before
the last break dedicated to finding out the reality of what happened as
opposed to just two different sides seeing who can do the best job
like the linber baby real-routing people through that's incredibly wrong
i think it's only slightly less wrong to lock people up for a majority of
their life and then let them out with nothing but a pat on the ass and ten bucks
which is what they get if their conviction is ever overturned
and now you've got a real pissed off person out on the street that feels like
society just stuck it to them and they've got nothing for all the years that
they've spent in prison and they're real pissed off
i know i would be
is there any doubt that timmick may blew up that building of course not he
admitted it is there any doubt that Nathaniel brisile blue that teacher way of
course not he admitted it
we need to have a justice system dedicated to finding out the truth and then
dealing with people appropriately once we do
i don't know what's worse wasting your life rotting away in prison or getting
executed
i guess getting executed is worse worse because at some point if they if they
find out that you didn't do it they can let you out
all uh my bad off you go
but that that is a separate issue we need to have good trials a good justice
system
that's different it's a trial figuring out whether somebody actually did
something or not finding out whether or not they're guilty
and then we punish them appropriately but because we have a crappy justice
system therefore let's not punish anybody that sounds like a good idea
because our justice system is full of crap because it's just a high school
debate between two lawyers where with loophole here and plea bargain there
and uh procedural impropriety over here and stack in the deck with the jury
over there and all these elements that have nothing to do with the facts at hand
did this person kill it killed out a person or didn't they did they rob that
banker didn't they you've got all these other things that have nothing to do
with that that come into play so therefore because our justice system is
screwed up and worthless practically let's uh just not punish anybody as a matter
of fact we could save a whole lot of money by just doing away with the justice
system because like according to that last color you know let's just not kill
anybody because we might be put you know we might be killing the wrong person
all we might be putting the wrong person in prison where they're going to be
annually raped every day of their life for the next uh 50 years or whatever we
might make the wrong person do this we might make the wrong person do that so
that therefore let's just save all of the money on all of the prisons and all
of the trials and all of the judges and the whole the whole thing think of all
the savings that we'll have let's just and and and every man for himself take
the line to your own hands
let's just do that because we might put the wrong person in jail or we might
put the wrong person to death mobile and fort laundry all hello
hello George are you doing today great sir how are you
fine I just wanted to comment on your issue about how you feel murderers should
be taken away not murderers my mother
happened to be criminal criminals taken away but he tried to rape her
and she happened to have a knife handy and she stabbed him in the heart that's not
a murderer that's not murder well under your term no it is not where why would you
say that I never said that people who defend themselves are murderers why would you
put words in my mouth like that lying asshole why would you put words in my mouth
like that not putting words in your mind you are I never said any such thing or
anything like it you said something like a murder she wasn't she's not a murder
right I never said your mother was a murder one that I said your mother was a
murder I didn't say you said my mother you did say the other I said you said that I said that
asshole what what what what points did I say the people defending their lives from an assailant
I know I know why would he oh John I'm provoking me or I'm going you're made up story made up
story just trying to get my goat sorry it works for even if it's true it has nothing to do with
what we're talking to do with this discussion being and vending them house right nine oh
oh my any springs hello I'd off it law my any hello that's the same Julio Faggot my
any springs hello I'm sorry just my any regular old Miami I'll get him next time hello here's
another one hello George yes I just call I'm a little nervous the first time call
a lot yes okay I'd like to you know to recap this this guy Brazil was suspended was sent
home from school right because he was thrown walkable yes how old is your daughter George 12 let's say
she was thrown walkable and the school sent her home all by herself they don't know parents are
home they don't know by the way by the way that's that's another issue for another day let's discuss
the practice of of school sending kids home when did that start okay but okay since you know that
that's wrong but I think that the center of this whole controversy the center of it this and
their home a thirteen year old on supervised yeah that's wrong by the way but by the way I was
coming home I was a latch key kid one from the time I was eight years old I was walking home from
school alone letting myself in the house there was nobody else getting home until the evening
until after dark I'm not a shot anybody okay all right George I but anyway I think that's an
issue that should be looked at right I agree I agree but that's still no excuse for him murdering
okay I agree okay this thing will put in people on the island because they committed some
act against society yeah you know using your guidelines knew would have been on that island right
now why because of something you did I remember you didn't do anything he's never done anything no
I remember saying his number plaster all over the Miami-Hero yeah do you remember do you remember
what for for a truck to charge I remember I remember I remember sir sir will you
complete a new context let me let me tell you something
to compare what the trumped up charge that they that they railrode the old man with to murder you're
a ridiculous person you're ridiculous to the point of bad science fiction
as if what Neil was accused of and what Pee we Herman did was in the same ballpark like people
should be going to jail for doing something that that's what the place is there for and it's not
even I know I know I know people are bringing the most ridiculous elements into play you you
realize of course and and I know you do and you're there sucked in you can't do like I do and get
on a certain observer everything that is wrong is suddenly like he's right he's turned into a
real studio just sent the kid you out into the street right he should get in the office or whatever
it's everybody else's fault what does that have to do with the exact nothing I was roaming the streets
like I said from the age of eight plus no parental supervision until mommy got home you know whenever
the hell she got home and as far as what he says about Neil oh please just right there it's ridiculous
yeah it's ridiculous I just want to be the the voice of the voice of sanity I know I know
I know that vein of vein of it is I got do you see the matching one on the other side I see it I
got a pair right here look candle hole 27 so 1560 wqim Jason Miller that it's 62 playwright and
actor I didn't know he was the playwright but apparently he was father Damien Harris in the
horror movie the exercise I was saving this I got this yesterday and I was saving it for Neil
because I knew that he'd want to talk about it today and play things like
be me why you don't do this what do you do to me what is it please be me I'm afraid me too so uh yeah
yeah did see a new version with the creepy faces the creepy faces didn't do much for me you're coming
down the stairs backwards did see that didn't do anything raise raise the hackles on my neck that was
like I think the eye didn't like pretty good anyway uh you know we'll uh we'll spill some beer in the
parking lot a little bit later for Jason Miller aka father Damien that one you have a
normal boy you know I'm a Catholic anyway 56705 60 and Dayton Broward pound 560 on Verizon wireless
877 785 6345 is the toll free number everywhere else here's Evan true hello yeah queer boy niggers die
is that it you done not you're you're a queer boy on niggers that what you're saying and
Miami hello yes okay how about a mobile in Miami hello yeah yeah hi I'm from the jury they
like to ask you a question uh-huh I don't understand a situation with like guns I'm saying like well
you know your aspect on everything with this shooting and the teacher and everything that
what you think would be said if this is a government just bands all kinds of guns that's
funny are you are you serious I am serious and and how I mean have you really thought that through
all right we wake up tomorrow guns are a legal or illegal now what now we go we go house to house
we go house to house and do a lot sir we do we go house to house and do a house to house search for
people's guns and confiscate their guns is that what you're saying they do census uh-huh and
how many guns do you own is that was was that one of the questions on the census how many do I own
was that one of the questions on the census no but I'm saying that's how they go to door to door yeah
I don't see why I go I'm going to go do you all right they go door to door do you have a gun in your house
no then what then what hello idiot moron not only would that not work anywhere but in some places
I mean how would you like to have that job jones send you to Montana where everybody from the age
of 14 up at least has one or several guns I'm just using that as an example because I used to
live there it could be any you know Midwestern rural area hi I'm here to take your gun no you're not
I'm here to take yours thanks for the free gun that you have under your I mean talk about madness
and insanity the genie is out of the bottle you're not going to take anyone's gun away not anyone's
gun not a one not one gun are you going to get off the street too late for that this country
was born out of the wild wild west mentality the best we can do is figure out how to deal with them
educate kids about them how dangerous they are that they're not to be trifled with and then
separate the people who use them responsibly from our midst and hopefully we can introduce the
legislation about you know keeping the guns out of the hands of criminals in background checks
waiting periods and things like that hopefully we can do something like that but even that's a struggle
we can't even get get it together to do that and you want to go door to door and say hi gun collectors
yeah I got a gun here it is see it look down the barrel of it
west and hello George yeah oh my goodness gracious I can't believe that guy was for real that's
why kept asking him are you serious are you for real oh man I heard you're a big black kitty nut
for women done yeah I want what I got a door I got a back door here for you to go on this
website yeah for now it's a fairly long one but it's going to give it out on the air why don't I
put your hand to give it to Joe huh give it to Joe okay well that's what I asked him and he said
I couldn't talk to you but okay well he doesn't want to for some reason I don't want to give
the back door out on the air okay well well I mean I mean I mean in a way you have to in a way
you have to join if you go to if you go to their website oh the nevermind but then but then no
if you go if you go on the back or you get free and what it is it's not that big a deal look just
to let you know I I didn't even give it a thought one way or another until you know my experience
because we had a child my experience was very important so we had a child so obviously you can
for what you will we went through that process and it was a very fun time for me so I don't really
want to see pictures of it and fantasize uh are you not going to see pictures of it you just you
just see like constant women just don't want to see pictures anymore I want I want to I want to
re-subscribe to the to the lecha of the month club or something well you could because there
is a there is a there is a thing in here also and and it also shows you all about movies and
what what it is is what they do is they they they they give you 12 live feeds and every feed
it it's updated like every 25 seconds and and you just constantly I don't want to I don't want to
see those I want to film them I want to be the I want to be like I said before on a previous show
I want to join the the la lecha league as a lactation consultant I didn't know that such a job
existed but I discovered it on the discovery health channel here's a great place also for
the place in Las Vegas called the green door okay and it's probably one of the one of the hot
hot hot it's it's next to the red rooster which is a hot hot which is the top hot swing club up in
out and Las Vegas and one of the places do promote fetishes in there and they do have it
upstairs we have to be with a couple though do it too okay and and it is upstairs but it is
that it is at the green door upstairs okay well thanks for the tip I'm just gonna wait around uh
I don't know I don't think that's ever going to happen again
Bradley mobile report lottery hello yeah George yes I heard you comment a little
but a little while ago about uh sending the folks to the islands yeah that's my last somewhere
he eluded islands and I live in Fort Lauderdale now you've been there that's harbor yeah we wouldn't
want those bad bones I mean 25 years we've never had a murder okay last murder tell me come
on some of those some of those islands have to be just scrubby with nothing on them but like you
know maybe an occasional seal or a sealion well we're from the I'm from the biggest city in the
allusions and there's there's a couple shimmy away out the end used to be a military base they
close yeah yeah that's what I'm talking about but the red to allusions is actually pretty nice
if you ever get a chance to go there okay no I'd love to that's on my list of things to do is go
up to Vancouver you know because I understand that they're very tolerant over there and then hop a
boat and take a tour of Alaska I was actually a police officer up there now the police officer
here in Fort Lauderdale oh I'm so sorry you went from one extreme to the other you went from
the rest of the world is like but I'm going back okay I don't blame you okay thank you it's a
beautiful country from everyone everything that I've seen just pictures obviously and everyone
that I talk to here's a mobile and tavanier hello good afternoon George good afternoon good show thank
you yeah you know part of the big problem this country a lot of people don't pay attention to
and realize is the whole system we have is screwed up in the fact the prosecution usually goes
overboard to I know from person and experience they exaggerate lies do whatever they have that's
what I said it's a it's a high school debate it's a matter of like if if you're if you win you get
some brownie police at the lawyer wins he gets some brownie points he gets to charge more later on
that's not shouldn't be the basis for justice I know it's a game you're the football right the first
you're the football and and the lawyers come up with then you know I play the lawyer every every
side is doing whatever they can that the one fight is trumping up whatever charges they can in
lying and fabricating evidence in the other side is lying and and you know you poll and and
padding the jury box with the right you know with with ass suckers that are going to vote their way
and nothing to do with justice or the pursuit of the truest I mean if they get out of the point
where the lawyer is there just to make sure you're not getting screwed over that's it that's what
it's supposed to be but it but it doesn't work like that and the positive you're supposed to be
getting to the facts of the matter but no and they don't they don't it's the game their careers
are on the line sure the scorecard it's how many win we know another issue I've been thinking
about because you always talk about pop stuff I've been smoking since 57 uh-huh and anybody I know how
you think since 1137 go ahead no I know how it became illegal but can anybody really tell me
the gods on this truth why it's illegal I mean it's only natural 10 so 1560 WQAM watching a
little bit of dark angel last night the kid likes it so you know overflowing to it yeah I don't like
it um and after he's in heat now yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah because they're genetic they're
genetically engineered so I guess uh-huh whatever it's like they're stealing from Star Trek with
a spark thing but every she's in all these magazines I'm looking through the people they got
pictures of her year she's on the hot 100 list of max them and everything and people are calling
up remember when we had when we did the the hot women list here on the show somebody called up
yeah after serious consideration and looking at all the different pictures and that show I don't like her
that's what I've come up with her face is just way too girly cherubic do you know what I'm saying
she's got that baby face doesn't do it for me I don't like her so everybody can go as nutty as you
want about Jessica Alba not for me I'll take a pass on that the first time in my life that I looked
at you know someone who was of age and said little little ass who too young to help pass oh it's
because of the look of her face that baby face that's not attractive to me so there you go I just
thought I'd mention that in passing because I just came upon her picture again and everybody's all
hyper now that that's that's swan from the HBO special oh yeah little swan man I can't wait
for her to turn nine mobile in Miramar hello hello yes hey how you doing all right hey yeah the dark
games I tried to watch the last night yeah that's yeah it's yeah it doesn't do no no
a listen the one movie that comes to mind is what does it escape from New York it's
yeah we were talking about that yesterday that we were talking about it yesterday that's an
excellent idea except instead of just giving them supplies I'm thinking about an island where they
can actually have some agriculture where they can have like a little self-sustaining kind of a farm
and the people will have to work or starve yeah I mean either that or I expect me we're doing
in the movies they are telling each other off they're telling each other off but I'm not I'm
completely heartless I believe in giving them a second chance away from us you know what I'm saying
like you deserve a second chance but what we're not going to do is trust you ever again to be with us
yeah but I mean you know like you're saying about a second chance that what's the guy doesn't have
a second chance he's dead right but the place that they're going to be sent isn't going to be
pleasant you understand I would be like what's this name uh see my queen in that movie with
uh destiny hoppin when he put them on that island oh papillon yeah papillon that's an example they
had their little garden and their little work farm in uh french guillotine no that's an excellent idea
I wonder if that uh click he broke up I wonder if that island is still um available and by the way
talk about a justice system that I can get behind as far as the punishment do you remember that
one was last time you saw it oh I years native titties it's always good to see it all over again
one of the first thing that happens when they get there the new prisoners get there what what
event are they saving up to put on a show for the new arrivals guillotine guillotine show
they line them up right off the boat they march them right in front of the guillotine and the first
speech is here's what happens to people who don't cooperate uh shrunk and while this guy's all
struggling and it was actually very you do very uncomfortable chilling scenes because the guy is
spaszing out and he's resisting and they're wrestling him and they stick his head in the blocks there
and uh you know bring the block down on his head to hold him steady he's still squirming
ah i don't cut my head off cuchunk now we'll talk to you about what we expect of you after you
saw what happens to people who let us down who make problems of themselves while they're here you
made a problem of yourself on the outside out amongst society so they sent you here for us to
deal with you let us show you what we're going to do with you from this point on if you give us any
grief an excellent system here's a mobile in Miami hello hello George mobile in Miami yes
i want you to pick up that we're talking to him before about getting rid of guns and you said
it can't be not right that's what i saw all right not here not here not now hello hello
yeah can you hear me now i can hear you all right i'm not proposing getting rid of guns you never
get rid of guns but that's crazy we can't get rid of ammo if there is no i don't yeah that's
that's a sterical that's that's that's a laugh riot mobile in Miami hello hey George hey how are
you how are you i'll see you're coming along he's coming along fine good one is home number no i just
listen to every day buddy you're feeling much better i am trying to be wise out okay don't be
wrong way i'm doing great listen um i think that the problems we're having with the judicial system
is that it's totally disbalanced and you basically have a free take it out anytime you can
write first offense right i have a problem help me i well i have a problem with that uh you
need to what happens is that you have a bunch of psychologists and psychiatrists walking around
today just to find everything that people do absolutely right and then what happens you know
and this is what i think every time i see the picture on the news of that guy and the family he left
behind mm-hmm what are you going to tell those people you know that's exactly right that's exactly
the point i agree with you wholeheartedly i agree with you because i i think it's totally retakeless
that's number one number two if you got the money you're out right and that's it i mean and by
the way that's the way it's always been we're supposed to be different here this this experiment
that we created over here called america is not supposed to favor the wealthy but guess what it does
it does i agree with you wholeheartedly we need to fix that listen i'm running around today with a
couple of buddies of mine that i've turned on to your show okay if you're able to find the bagpipes
i can play the bitch if you can play those not i'll do the bagpipes not prison bitch okay buddy
prison bitch is too long all right thank you you got you got it bagpipes i actually haven't
heard it in a long time back i was going to kick your ass he was going to come over here and smack me
me and my smart mouth me and my you were you were this much here it's smart ass it met you were a little
worried but i want to see the what's up yep lady on a mobile in mirror mar hello hey how you doing
New York great how are you good i just want to do i comment on a judicial system it's like in this
country you've got to pay for justice right but just you know i mean it's all men are created
evil right wrong you have the money you get you have to pay with you get justice in this country
i think it's pretty sad it is sad i thought we fought a revolution so that uh you know rich and
wealthy aristocrats didn't run rough shot over the rest of us exactly i mean it's he up from
everything to cleaning up your credit report right you uh you know murder if you've got money
you're going to get more justice than somebody who does it that's right and that's pathetic and this
is america and it shouldn't be like that it shouldn't be money is supposed to get you luxury items
better food better housing a nicer car uh tickets to shows it shouldn't be able to buy you justice
or or exceptions to the law etc and so it should also not be able to buy you political power but it does
yeah clean i'm gonna kiss you better maybe 104 or five sixty w q a m five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on eighty and two wireless and the toll free everywhere else line is eight seven seven
seven eight five six three four five don't forget gym manage will be in for Hank Goldberg today
at six o'clock we're talking hardball with Warren chromati then it's six thirty sensor
mattox marlin's on deck at seven oh five it's the giants and the marlins followed by ed cappellin
here's the mobile in hollywood George yeah um that's a lot that they just approved last week about the
selling marijuana for medical use to the supreme court ruling yes um how they just gonna
i mean what can't they get through their head this stuff is never gonna go away uh they they can't
and they won't and and that's the kind of world that we live in we have a lot of laws that don't
make any sense whatsoever um and we just have to keep fighting we have to put the right people in
the right places to eventually little my little make this a nice place what about um the Taiwan
trade that we're doing what does that mean what kind of weapons are we gonna give them uh lots like
like like shitroyers destroyers anti-aircraft defensive kind of weapons that they can not defend
themselves from the evil Chinese and why are we doing this for i mean why are we giving them because
we're because we're good guys more nice people and we don't want to see that little island overrun by
a bunch of kami bastards do you think the states have been getting off of the past ten years
do i think that what now the state united states have we been getting soft getting soft yeah
like i mean what softs how i mean like i'm in my early 20s i mean since i've been growing up
i mean i always had the idea of us dominant you know i mean i'm very military
don't think we're as tough as we used to be but that we don't need to be either we're still the
biggest thing you know always peaks and valleys yeah in our strengths so why do we like catch like
uh as fit every time we hear like the Chinese want to get kicked off because we're trading with
with Taiwan still i mean what what does it have against us because they have nukes and they have
an army that's four times the size of ours i mean i heard one we can't we can't possibly feel
that army the size that they can i heard one time you were saying that they had how many nukes
oh like 19 i mean is that proven fact yeah i don't know they're not hiding anything else we don't we don't
when we never will all right thank you all right i'd like to think that our espionage is better than
theirs but we have no way of knowing that either we're a mess but what are you going to do
and the fact that is most uh fact that they're evil and we're not that they have bad intentions as
far as we're concerned and people will say well how do we know our judges are right because they're
ours because yeah we don't know because we live here that's why we want to thrive no we might not be
on the on the moral the uh on the moral high plane but we live here stop Miami hello hey happy
birthday to your wife uh huh and how do you know hello and you're queer you are you wish I was
that's him again by the way your friend just called and tried to get you off the hook but too
late for that by the way mobile implantation hey George i do it today all right how are you
boy these colors are really trying to attack you today just it's the same three punks
yeah i don't know about that you've got these three gay guys they're obsessed with uh with homosexuality
and and that's all they do all day long is uh you know got nothing else better to do with homosexuality
they you know they they call Neil because uh you know they want to talk to another gay man and they're
trying to suck me into their little club literally literally the way you put it hey about that
call it it said he went to good door to door asking about yeah i'm here no you're gun now well don't
you don't you think they had enough problems with the citrus guys going door to door they were
getting the citrus guys were getting shot and that was over a tree right right hey George keep it up
you have a great self take it easy unbelievable lottery hell hello hey George hi there hi done um
just uh another example uh for your idea sending them all the way to an island um there's the movie
Rayleigh Otter called Noah's Cape i think yeah but how was that because i never got around to see
that it was pretty good it wasn't bad it was like uh like a b-movie type but it was it wasn't bad
i like b-movie's yeah it was pretty good they had a good example that's done everybody away and they
had uh armed helicopters to shoot you down if you tried to escape type of thing okay yeah that's
pretty it wasn't bad there you go sound like a plan okay all right do you think that okay and we'll
give them agricultural tools and things like that so that they can feed themselves
but i don't want to just feed the money just keep dropping shipments of of things corals
springs hello hey George hey dog all right how are you like your show thank you um you think you can
play a self-looking no i'll think about it was that it that's not the other guy at least had
material he's not a conversation now i'm not going to by the way here's the poll results
for right now at what age should you be held responsible for your actions 13 is running away
with it by the way 54 votes so far out of 188 that's 28.7 percent 12 is in second place with 28
votes 16 is in third place with 22 votes seven which was the lowest number we had on there has
21 as does 10 so you have voted for 10 nice number you can teach that to the children you hold
up this many hands see this many that's that's how old you have to be before we're going to hold
you responsible for your crap before you're a criminal and not someone who needs help and then we
have 15 votes for 18 nine votes for 15 eight votes for 14 four for eight three for 11 and then one
each for 917 and 19 i don't know if this makes any sense to me at all i can understand the 13
13 the first year of your teenage that's one a lot of people think you're an adolescent i guess 13
or do you think that they're voting for 13 because that's what Nathaniel happened to be when
he committed to scrant do you think there's a tie in there in many cultures 13 is where you
become an adult okay isn't that right and what about the Jews do i think that i know i don't know
means your man now open the door and ask one anybody that you see in the closet will be able to
answer that question hey you do Miami hello anybody on the hall George yeah hey let's talk
about the kid that just called for New Jersey about getting rid of the guns and you said that
that couldn't be done right well i agree that they that cannot be done you'll never get all the
guns but let's face it if you've got absolutely no ammo if you get rid of the ammo
did you call again is this your second call yeah yeah why why would you be so ridiculous
wait where do people i mean i didn't answer him and just hung up and didn't continue the conversation
because it's ridiculous on the face of it because whatever you make illegal will become underground
contraband because whatever you make like for example drugs are illegal we don't have any drugs in
this country do we since after all they're illegal whatever it is that you want someone will
provide it for you you'll give them the money and then you'll have it laws do nothing
to prevent people from doing something that they feel they have the right to do like smoking drugs
or firing off a gun for example if you feel you have the right to do it you're going to do it and
the law is not going to deter you at all what is this guy going to propose shut down all the ammo
plants in the United States okay the ammo will come from overseas and it'll come from whoever wants
to make a profit and people just like they run drugs and just like we've had gun runners in the
past running guns over the borders we've had bible runners running bibles into the old uh
Soviet Union which was against the law renegade missionaries smuggling bibles in somebody's
going to get the ammo to the people who want it you're not going to get rid of anything
my insane friend 111 on 560 wqa looking for a mortgage you want to refinance your home
want a great rate uh and call the financial group and 80940 land they offered
and proud of it 117 on 560 wqa m5 6705 60 is the number to call and date or broward
pound 560 on Verizon wireless 877 785 6345 everywhere else so you didn't see the uh I've been you were
out of the room Joe and then on the phone watching the uh the background on this uh this date with
she's a born again Christian and he's Jewish but his motto is will breed with any creed
which I think out was funny so talk about I wish I could look because they held the same
let's just take a moment in a mission to uh to blind date right she she opened up with it right
away which makes her a typical born again Christian by the way she just she just opened right up with
it and started in on that and I'm sure that goes over really well with the Jewish people when
when basically you come right out and say if you don't believe in Jesus has your personal savior
you're you're you're nothing your worthless your life is nothing no matter how good you are you're
going to burn in hell God hates you she just said that the Jews killed Jesus right to you well
it's a known fact I thought here's Coral Springs hello hi there's a trial going on at land
of this right up your alley it involves a strip club the pro athlete back home the mob in the FBI
do you hear about this no this club this club sent strippers to the next camp in South Carolina
they performed a lesbian act and then they did the next you hear about this no okay the game
bino crime family involved and their witnesses are going to Patrick Ewing Dennis Rodman
to rail favors at the Broncos Jamal Anderson of the Falcon then John Gotti's son it's really it
sounds like a joke I'm waiting for the punchline this is it and then the rabbi comes in and says not
without my umbrella what do you know it's it's it's a trial going on anywhere from three to six
months okay it just sounds great can't wait to uh to tune it in she's wearing leopard print spaghetti
string top this morning in Christian no bra leopard print cleavage showing just saying here's
Coral Springs hello George can I point out that the Pope forgave us the Pope forgave who the Jews
he said it wasn't our fault oh okay you're off the hook okay fight again I just want to say to the
Pope forget about it we're not mad forget about it all right can I ask you one other question
George you know I was good to panic relationship with you when you talk about Israel I hate you
otherwise I love you well I love you too all right when are you going now want you to bring me back
something hello hello my question is George you're such a bright guy why don't you become a citizen
so you can I'm gonna I'm working on it lawyers working on it I'm gonna do it all right great I don't
have to be a hypocrite anymore okay all right all right thanks a lot I kind of the wife was
denying me about it last night you do not I'm doing it I'm doing it because I'm lazy I'm a lazy
plug I don't want to get into it my it's like everybody's on my case the family especially nobody's
hey you know what he bugs me about more than the family don't waste your breath on us you've you've
said this okay all right yeah over it I saw I'm a man without a country is that all right can I
just be a floater lady and Miami hello hi I want to do about the piano okay did you watch it on
Sunday night of course okay the ending why did they show that guy Joe doesn't either and it's
kind of it didn't make a whole lot of sense to me the only thing that I can do to make you
like jump out and like try to kill something something like that but we don't we don't I don't
think that's over with first of all because she's crazy and and you know and crazy people make no
sense they do things that make no sense and I think that she's going to but what I think that they're
trying to say and again I'm not real happy with the ending of it is like here he goes back to his
normal life like he just pulled out a gun and threatened this woman with murder and now it's
business as usual back to picking up butter for his wife or whatever it was you know business
it's like life goes on all right I'm just wondering if anybody thought I don't know that's
the best I can do I could be wrong but we you know we just can't figure it out it was bizarre thank you
all right that was very nice not like see I understood the previous weeks with the mayonnaise mayonnaise
because they do the symbolic thing on that show it's it's art what they're doing on that show
when they're riding back in the car I'll quiet and nobody's saying anything and just
Paulie walnut you know his hair's all all messed up and everything and Tony looks at him in the
mirror and Tony's test you can tell Tony's test of course and Paulie's got mayonnaise on his chin
from the sandwich and he goes you got mayonnaise on your chin huh not even watch it's huh like
some sort of a dumb shit he goes mayonnaise mayonnaise and he pointed it with his middle finger he
flipped him off I think that was a blooming moon moon no
mobile in West Palm hello yeah George I had the one all right how are you sir good thanks man
I'm hey I got a theory I'd like it a comment on it's about idealism and culture how it affects the
evolution and possibly blueprint recessive genes for crime and other action wow that's heavy
what do you think about that I you lost me at blueprints well as far as recessive genes
even alcohol is in received the data oh the addictive personality is genetic yes all right
you think the tendency to be addicted do you know what I'm saying yeah like there are people I know
people that that are addicted to for a TV show a game and activity they can't stop doing an
activity do you know what I go CD yeah right and then go from one addiction to another for
example the people that quit smoking gain weight they need to do something they they go overboard
with one thing then they go overboard with another thing like I don't know if you know because we
were just talking about born again Christians form of alcoholics who are fanatics like they obsessed
with alcohol and now they obsessed with Jesus they can't just be moderate they have to take everything
to the extreme it's that that's an un-cured alcoholic they're just an addictive person right we
extend uh could we extend that fact into other areas why not why not okay well I just wanted to
bring that point across okay and and when you and you don't even have to stay with genetics scumbags
have children who are usually grow up to be scumbags if you want to say it's genetic okay
they inherited the scumbag gene but then there's the cultural thing we're not
cultural but just within that family group scumbags don't usually make good parents and children
who didn't have good parents usually or at least in my case some sort of a positive adult role model
usually grow up to be pieces of crap so even if it isn't genetic the fact that you're you were
raised by scumbed you're scumbed this week's a news week which I just got the cover says
why are I holding it now what makes people go wrong and well big red evil thing I was going to
read it last night but I didn't think I was doing the show today so I played computer games instead
my bad so I can't wait I can't wait to read it what what game I really wasn't I was okay
all right you gave me that magazine the internet there you go great porn sites so
lady and poem beach hello hi George you want a good job as usual why thank you um I have a point
for that um genius that called up about the ammo yeah exactly I uh obviously I'm from the
office by my accent and my father just a little scary but he had a machine to make his own
oh oh I'm talking with Joe during the break he said what about the people who make their own ammo
I said my brother love who I just saw and had a wonderful weekend with in North Carolina
make makes his own uh dear ammo not only that because he's just reloading understand he's buying
ingredients he reloading the box shot and stuff right and reloading ammo um but then you I know
other people who are black powder hunters who mold their own uh musket balls and yes their own
powder out of the raw ingredients which are ordinary household items yeah you know um what what
is it salt Peter and charcoal and uh and what else am I missing oh sulfur yeah for salt Peter and
charcoal there you go black powder yeah and not only that you can buy strips of lead right then
into a special like a bullet molding the mold right we I've I've molded bullets I've done that
yeah yeah yeah so uh this guy it's just uh yeah one thirty on q a m remember that uh the guy the old
guy that it was down here I think he was old when they let him out his crime when they put him in
was he kidnapped raped and cut the arms off of this girl and left her for dead which I can't
I can't even imagine that I mean this chicks walking around with uh you know with fake arms
and they left the old guy out and he made a b line to the nearest prostitute and killed her
after like fifty years in jail or something like that proving my case again every time every time
you turn on the news there's somebody proving my case again I don't believe that there's a cure
and I don't care if there is a cure for people who up and hurt other people and for the Jamaican
guy that was calling I'm talking about people who hurt other people by putting their hands on them
or their things the laws real simple there there are three laws in Georgia's world you can't touch
nobody you can't touch their stuff and you have to tell the truth in matters of business you can't
lie cheat and steal that's it those are the laws right there touch no one touch no one's stuff
if you're doing business legal stuff contract stuff money's changing hands you're trading a
horse for a cart or whatever you have to tell the truth you can't say that the horse is three
years old if it's fifteen you can't say that the car has never been in a rack when it was
what am I leaving out not a lot not a lot I mean whatever I am forgetting something we'll talk
about that when the time comes but there's no coming back from that once you've achieved once
you've established in your head that your desire for an object is more important than someone else
else is right of ownership I don't know if there's a cure for that I don't think there is a cure
for that not don't care if there is a cure for that you don't come back from that you're a thief
you go to thieves world your murder you go to murderers world you're a cheat and lie in
deceptive businessman you go to cheat and lie in deceptive business man's world you don't mix
with the rest of us ever again and your pain in the ass family members that are going to cry and
say that the rest of us are cruel for wanting to get rid of you they get to go with you if they want
that's their option candle hello major or can join the show hey how are you all right it's upon us
okay remember earlier in the show that woman at the car dealer gave uh missus uh
Toronto right home and commented on a ring yes okay now later in the show and Tony gets home at the
end of the show she's not wearing that ring I did not know that okay and he asked where's the ring
and she said I just got it size I think about the guy driving away in the caddy I think she
she phoned his wife and we just didn't see it is and he went after and uh that's what I think
happened and that was like showing you okay and then he got home where's the ring it's not there
and they just didn't see anything about it and they leave it I don't think he asked where where
way off to the car sales no definitely no I don't think that happened he said they weren't
shown that he's what I got to do with the ring he walked out no I think Carmilla took the ring
off she said a statement she's guilty about it she feels guilty about it because what's her name
pointed to it she took a shot in the car then I thought Carmilla was going to be a bitch about
you remember it's like oh must be nice to have a man to take care of you meaning you're a whore you
get your money from your husband yeah and that's why he took the ring off it's like oh you're right
you she was ragged on her but you know the whole maker thing right yeah all right well I just thought
that was I don't think so but but all right please sure well listen to your request I might not play
let's go smoke some pot George all right thank you that's that's uh right up my alley I'll think
about it hard mobile and pomp and a hello hey George how are you all right how are you good I got a
theory about the sopranos all right I got a question for you first is your wife like the sopranos yeah
so yeah that you really absolutely my wife kind of luke warm on it but then this year she really
hated it I mean we're Ralphie you know beat the stripper to death and then a lot of yeah well that's
a lot that's all good that's all gritty see the thing is I didn't I wasn't watching it from the
beginning in bokeh brine bless his heart I love him dearly gave me the entire first episode on
video and usually it's me getting dragged by her to watch something that I don't want to watch like
gone with the wind or something like that and I have to admit yeah okay it was good um but in this
case it was me I was like oh she's like mob series and I'm not honey every you got to sit here and
watch it I've watched all your crap and uh with you know with limited success so you have to watch
this with me and she was hooked from the very first episode and then luckily we had like imagine
this the whole series on tape so we just watched it in one sitting all the way through okay well let
me say this your wife is exceptional and unusual I think in her taste as far as that kind of
I don't know she's she's like she's into those high-brow movies okay well most of my friends
wives do not like the sopranos so what I think is happening listen real quick is that I think
the sopranos know that like friends are one of the boys I love that episode my wife hated it I think
what was not to love about that was great I thought it was the best thing I've ever seen I think
last week's episode was all about the producers and directors thinking we want to get back that
women uh yeah you know what I think you're right take a moment to check episode it was Carmilla
and her pain no question about it no question she's having to wrestle with her demons exactly
are they're going back for their trying to bring I think the women back in who have found the
this season a little bit tasteful I really think that's what it is I think you're right okay later on
mobile and my any hello George yes how you doing great how are you listen I I'm about to sopranos I'm
doing I'm about to soprano I think that that scene at the end where he'd leave it in a car I think
it was two things I think one there would just put you said they're just showing as he's just
regular guys doing a regular job and that's not a big deal for right that dread and someone to
kill him and then the other thing was I think the writers are just true only the audience is the
all they're just trying to get us to talk about them like this yeah and I think also but the real
cool storyline was Jackie Afriel and he's so stupid he is to think that he could get away with it
he's so stupid where they where they show him with his buddies let's make the call and then they
get sidetracked watching uh the movie with Sharon Stone yeah yeah yeah it'll be part of the part
yeah no there was stupid idiotic cranked up punks it's a great great great joke that's all so Tony when
he's talking around yeah yeah Ralph comes in and Ralph is thinking he's gonna let Jackie try and
you get to try to leave his case so let's not you get off yeah and Tony does yeah that's fine
because Tony wants to take the guilt off his back for killing the film I got that right away Tony's
and so now this is like Ralph he leaves and he should have killed him yeah Ralph he that's what was
important about Ralph he leaves and he's like looking up and then he's sign exasperated like oh
so Tony put it all on him he put it all on me it's like oh what's your call you're the captain
you're called but Tony but that that that that that that that that that you're called yeah and
that's not what Ralph he wanted to hear over to his girlfriend and he basically says he's
laying the groundwork that you know that's all for the best and he's not too far gone and he's in the
drug yep so that he's taking it off his back sure it's a great show I can't wait for the finale
and next season all right then figure later on but I hope Furio gets a hold of Jackie to it dude we
they they tease us with Furio you've got to be on it you had oh wait wait do I have that in here
what do I have in here oh here we go still be the f***ing game here's mobile and west palm hello
George how are you great how are you good hey um the thing with her and the ring was simple remember
she went to the priest of priest of saint where to give up the things and he was looking right at her ring
oh they are giving up all the money remember they have the perfect exact like the pre on some
camera room exactly then when the girl says the two are then she's like oh no no I'm I gotta do it
yeah yeah that's why it's going to get to okay and did you also notice that when he came in what was
you reading the real estate book name and pay attention to that no I did not oh she's reading the
book about taking a real estate exam she was in the middle of it we need to have a group we need
to have a title to call me on Monday yeah right hey finally got the part about what's the
vampire you right is that absolutely it's just showing you that's work on the way on from work
where can I get to know how those shots you just draw them out of it I just punched out honey what
can I bring home one one request if possible Jordan make it down from New York and he's never heard
prison bitch for trying to be prison bitch it's for freaking minutes long
21 till 2 on 560 wqa m if you need new footwear run over get you some quality comfortable shoes
add new balance Miami I've been telling you about them for a long time at new back okay 14 till
2 560 wqa m don't forget to join Joe Castello this Saturday from noon to 2 at bj's wholesale club
in Pembroke Pines Joe McGell and one of the beautiful qa mq qt's will be there at 1 3 700
pines Boulevard with great prizes sorry I thought I could get through at that time food from
Atlantic water you laugh and the great prizes those koozies are really they're really great they're
in demand food from Atlanta city sub where Ira makes the difference and that's this Saturday noon
till 2 bj's wholesale club 13700 pines Boulevard how about a lady in bokeh George yes hi hi great show I
love talking about the soprano oh yeah it's really one we could we could have a group we could
uh form a club these friends telling you it's a panel discussion group yeah it would be great it's
really one of the few television shows that are decent the rest of it you know news is great but
yeah well HBO is uh and and now they've sucked me into their America undercover because they've
had three good ones in a row so I really am looking forward to Sunday nights now I was discussing
with another caller on a previous show Sunday nights used to be really a bummer remember way back when
all you had was the wonderful world of Disney and it was usually some squirrel movie where the guy
was narrating the antics of a chipmunk and a squirrel and there was nothing and then you had wild
and Lauren's walk yep yep well I'm not much of a TV watcher at all but it's tough to now Sunday
nights is like you got Simpsons and you got the sopranos and the America undercover I just I
clear my slate so that I can enjoy well I want to talk about the sopranos okay it's absolutely
probably the best show ever and yes for females too for a for a soap opera tight the
the topic show absolutely but the ring was symbolic of her entire lifestyle and at what cost
and the kind of tug of war that she has with herself of you know her standard of living
and at what what price she pays for it exactly and the fact that she took it off and she was
reading a real estate book after having all of that conversation about Hillary Clinton and should
you stand by your man right or she's trying to justify her continued existence well but so the
real estate book to me and the ring off was symbolic of her going to leave Tony you think in the last
episode she's not the last next season yep that's gonna be heavy if that happens well you know she
wants to have a normal life in that you know she just kind of wants to bake cookies and that kind
of thing and and have that you know because there she was sitting there reading her real estate book
yes I bake cookies for the church and I forget what the exact line that the priest used but
essentially he told her to accentuate the positive and eliminate the negative that kind of stay on
the positive ground and forget about all the rest of it it didn't seem like she took to that really
no but but you know he that's also like covering up yeah well exactly yeah she is not going to do
that she is going to be come this independent woman and I don't think she's going to stand by her
man okay all right I'll say you were right on the air if it happens that way okay all right bye
bye yeah we could do a whole just talking to Pando is all day long and I'd be just fine by that
mobile import lottery hello hey good afternoon George how are you
I don't think you know here hey I kind of seem a little bit later than I caught a couple of
things that you were talking in reference to people once they feel and stuff like that
and tell me if I'm wrong but were you basically saying that if somebody was the steal for
the rest of existence for that person they basically are always going to be known as a thief
and there is no rehabilitation for that person as far as I'm concerned okay as far as your concern
okay I was just wondering I just I'm tired I'm tired of coddling criminals I'm tired of
of second chances if everyone gets a second chance that means we all get one free crime right
well in a sense that's that's a great way to look at it and I can always all the rest of us we
haven't even committed our first crime nor would we because you know what because it's wrong and we
know it's wrong and therefore we wouldn't do it but everybody else gets a second chance a third
chance a fourth chance I mean screw that that's correct just on my own experience I could tell you
when I was a younger person at the age of 19 I committed a crime I went away to prison I served
a year in prison now I have gotten out of prison it's been over 11 years and now myself I have my
masters agree from Nova University I have a college degree I worked for a great company so as far as
for myself yeah it did take me the one time to learn but the one time I really got kicked in my
half I went away with school for I mean I went away to prison for a whole year now how many of
you know how many of your prison peers do you think you know you have that in common with maybe
uh... to present me or maybe one percent i'm not gonna tell you that I don't think you're right you
could set bears out exactly you know you know were you raped by the way joe wants to know were you raped
no I wasn't raped man what what I mean yeah no wants to know is that for it I want a
eyes no we we see we watch us so that's all we think about you know as they don't
raise well that's just like saying you watch the subpronels and saying that every Italian family
out there is a master told me that the game it's okay
and I have been happy for you but uh... but yeah by his own admission and that's my point
i'm not saying that ever you know that nobody can be rehabilitated
but what percentage one to two percent according to this guy and that's that's about right that's
about my estimate eight till two you'll be that's one of them off this i'm going to bokeh
okay some of us are already there like Nathaniel brazil other west ponds anyway
they're uh... the reassembling everybody they've reached a verdict we're going to find out
according to them within fifteen minutes probably more like ten minutes from now and i wish
i was the program director for a day and or i would end up as i would for who is very socially
conscious when it comes to cool stuff like that okay well i mean i'm not going to make the call
i think uh... you know inquiring minds want to know what the resolution is going to be to this case
it's the hottest heaviest thing going on right now last time i checked without a let me see
leons gone the citrus canker thing is uh... been resolved sort of uh... what am i missing
over here they found that cutie guy uh... what a j brinette had a no-hitter uh... the other day who exactly
so we're going to find out uh... everybody's everybody's in place i'm all
rarant uh...
to put the audio on and let it go but i'm not the pd and i can't make this call and i have a feeling that
you know in sixty seconds the show is going to end and nobody in our audience is going to find out
what happened here
i'm i'm absolutely positive i i get that i don't care those guys will cover it well they have the
ability to put television audio on and their board yes if they don't then we do
we'll go to the it's not going to happen before the uh... the ken maulden sports news update
so i don't know just end the show and if they want to carry the well hang around
and if mad dog wants to dj the audio from court tv for this thing and then do the show he can and if
they want to forget about it they can forget about it i wash my hands like punches pilot of the
whole thing here comes the judge the judge is sitting down well they got a dish in there just like we do
they have all the same capabilities we do it's whether
before we get started though what he's going to do a hornot make you to make a big old
all along speech anyway gymman which is on right now in place of hank goleberg the shibba's regal
talking hardball with warren chromarti shows started six o'clock right after the mad dog at six
thirty centromatic marlin's on deck yes are you a little early i've got exactly two i've got one
fifty eight oh dude what happened to the clock up here why is it two minutes fast i don't know the
clock over here on the computer and my watch say one fifty eight like i said i got two more
minutes working on this case to everyone involved in this case i expect everyone to act as ladies
yeah yeah yeah it is gentleman yeah yeah yeah and that there be absolutely no disruption
in the courtroom yeah all right uh regress the judges to join us
and here they come we have a jury dream marching music
oh we're gonna stay with it we just got clearance excellent jury enter it's the right thing jury
entering boy this is like they don't you know they could be more organized about this what do you
think roller skates for the jury how about like you know the roll top down we're killing the drama
i'm filling the time filling the silence we could play we could play filler music
in honor of father Damien
this is kind of ten ten three and a half there's no value
wild eye well can you ever go and see it please
yeah please gentlemen understand that you've reached a verdict if you would kindly hand it to
deputy caskan
Federal Hiking and Post upon Council and for the parties and the Senate to please stand while the
verdict is being read and Ms. Galvest has been trying to post the verdict.
Yes, and the third report of the 15th Judicial Circuit from Rental Business and in
foreconvege County, Florida, case number 0006385, the SAO2, Division V, State of Florida
versus Nathaniel, Brazil, defendant.
Court of Tweet, the jury find as follows.
As to count one, we find a defendant guilty of second-degree murder with a firearm unless
or included offense as contained in the...
What?
As to count two, we find a defendant guilty of aggravated assault with a firearm as charged
in the indictment.
We find a defendant for best or carried a firearm in committing aggravated assault and
it's marked yet.
So say we all the 16th state of May, 2001, West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida,
and it's signed by the foreperson, Mr. Smith.
Okay, second-degree murder carries a sentence of 22 years to life, which I guess they're
going to have to deal with.
Anyway, that's it.
We're over.
He's guilty.
Let's see.
The Deal Roger Show on 560 WQAM Miami Port Lauderdale.
And good afternoon, a 201 gym and it's up next from Hammer.
I'm Ken Maulden with the QAM Sports Headlines.
Marlon's Giants, go out at the end tonight at the Pro of Fish Game.
