Oh, I was speaking to really touchy people so last night I'm watching squeal of fortune and the
The puzzle was Robert Blake as Beretta and
So they inserted Pat Sejak comes on there and they hand-seared this thing for like five seconds where it comes on
It says this program was taped April 2nd the two weeks before the tragic death of Robert Blake's wife
That he may or may not have murdered when that when that that touching
So speaking of orange Julius
Well, I haven't thought about that in line of coons age, you know orange Julius. Don't you love orange Julius? Okay
Do they still make it?
I haven't seen an orange Julius and ever so long. Oh, there got to be orange Julius stands still around this audience would know I guarantee
They don't know too much, but that's something that they might have there a
Lip on orange Julius and the big malls of course. I don't go in the big malls him. They don't have it at
I don't think they ever have to saw grass
They do have that water we hogging those ice cream, but they don't have I know I don't think they have orange Julius
But like in daydland they always hadn't if you've been in daydland like in last 20 years now now me neither
How about an aventura?
Since we did Ben and Jerry's there remember that yeah, I did not have an aventura lately. I've never seen one there. I haven't seen one in years
Orm's choulies. Oh
Good stuff
Here sugar. I mean that good for diabetic certainly not good for me
But a lot of people calling probably good life. Well, maybe somebody out here knows hello. Hey, what's up guys orange Julius?
Like I'm curious flag where in 77 is mall the America's mall the merriacus. Yeah, that's the only one in Miami
No, traveling lace a key well, that's the only one to have a flag where it's 77
Okay, which is grassiest later. Thank you later
So I do like that. That's the only one in Miami. I wonder what about Broward? If we can get a Broward on Julius report
Let's go to flag. We're in 77th right now and get a big thing a
Big blender. I love the way they make that stuff, too. Don't you?
They put all of that mung in the blender and then you shake it all up. It's like sherbrens like me while foam
Yes, like liquid sherbets like all foamy and everything. Well, I got bad news for you Victor. Hi. I'm his dead. He died. Yeah
Remember Victor. Kyle square mall. What is it?
Coral square mall has got orange Julius
Hey, this is an important goddamn show for those of you detractors out there
We have important crap for you folks
Where else in America would you be talking about orange Julius right out of the boxes boy and only because on that bit
They were talking about Abe Lincoln is running orange Julius stand in the pouquips here somewhere in Australia
Well, let's go to Australia and sucks them down and some orange Julius, too
Coral square mall and the mall of the America is no Seattle English
They pay mom away together. I don't care. Be as hostile as you want to you
Robert Steinbach. I just want to tell you this. He's an asshole. I'm gonna get into his column in a couple of minutes here
What a jerk what a professional spook man. I just can't get over this guy. Oh, by the way
There's a group. I told you the spooks have you ever heard that song the Akama Hotel? No, that's a great song
Have you heard any music that other than limp biscuit? Well, I don't go to Europe is often some people do yeah
So in other words already here in order here music you have to go to Europe
I guess I don't know if you're thinking or listen to KPX or something right because they don't play any music
Man, I don't TV doesn't play any videos in the music in this town blows. Anyway, there's a group called spooks
Okay, and they're very good as a matter of fact and they have a song called the Karma Hotel which is great
No, too with Hulk Hogan 1014 at 560 WQ and pepper flakes mall next to dairy queen. There's an orange juice going to a fact that just came in
How do you like this? I'm pretty heavy duty information. Oh, yes me of course. I like the original orange, but they do have it also in pineapple
Which is good and strawberry instant diabetes? I do like strawberry, too. I can't have it
But I want it, you know, I've been in juries like fish food and what was the one thing guy was promoting yesterday?
Pecker tracks on most tracks remember that public's most tracks. You're a tribe that yet. No, I want to listen to nice soup
See, I don't want to sound like I'm complaining because when you get in free food all the time you shouldn't be complaining because why do you folks?
You know have to pay for your meals which we feel bad for you
But the bad part of it is when it's crappy neighborhood here a little Jamaica and they do have good weed here
But they have crappy food which is a bad combination because if you're gonna have good weed you want to have some good food
I don't know what to say you think that they would know that and answer them if they haven't learned that yet and great weed but bad food
Which is I guess why I have a colonel doing such a good business there. Yeah, they're lined up heavy duty at the colonel McDonald's not so much
Not so much. They're a little nervous about the meat over there
So if you're gonna go over to your if let me just suggest a very cautious about the meat that you put in your mouth
Just a little word of wisdom from my yours truly and also don't forget about that fecal contamination left over from yesterday
Good thing you don't get anything for it. Steven
So anyway
Yeah, they're done by the docs
Here's a great letter to the editor in the Sunsendel today for a guy who's obviously got a tremendous sense of humor before we get back to Orange Julius and Dairy Queen
Diaz Balarque doesn't deserve FIU honor this guy John London the Hollywood this guy's a panic. He ought to be right in material for us
The recent action by FIU the name its law school after Raphael Diaz Balarque is a slap in the face of democracy
Mr. Diaz Balarque was the leader of the oppressive Cuban House of Representatives during the Vittista dictatorship
Which ruled Cuba before casters take over in 1959 the wealthy political families who supported the Vittista dictatorship moved to Miami
Now control Cuban exile politics to their mostly Republican elected officials. Oh, can I interrupt myself and just mention in passing?
The article about the
Metriop Perez Jr. Tehe day school boards Perez and Dated Out Rent-Frog claim
But anyway, we'll get back to that getting back to the letter from John London. He says here and here comes the amusing part
Hopefully the vast majority of younger Cuban Americans who understand the values of democracy will someday reject the
Metiste era control of their community long way to do this is to support Democrats Janet Reno for governor of Florida
That John London of Hollywood
Like I said, I'll be right in material for Leno and Letterman and all of these things. Wow. What a panic this guy
Yeah, so that inspired me to do our poll today. How did I pull from yesterday come up a landslide?
Who are the biggest scumbags? Which of these families was the biggest scumbag family?
The Bushes the Kennedys the Clintons the Rockefellers of the Roosevelt's no contest 835 votes
The Bushes won hands down your pants 484 58%
And probably of those 58% most of them were busy buying gas just before they went to their computer and voted on this thing for about 20 bucks a gallon
The Kennedys 156 only 18 and a half percent Clinton's 153 18.2%
Rockefellers 37 to 4.4% and the Roosevelt's only five because we don't have too many old parts anymore
0.5%
Now nobody didn't like the Roosevelt's which does not true. They hated they loved the Roosevelt's or they hated them
Especially after you are Teddy though. He was okay just ask the Indians and the Filipinos anyway
The matriote Perez ended it on the rent frog claims
a Miami federal grand jury on Tuesday and dead at veteran school board member to meet you a Perez Jr
on 21 counts of male fraud and making false statements and live scheme to defraught too low income tenants in one of his little Havana properties
Hi Perez a millionaire landowner who owns the private Lincoln marquee schools is accused of overcharging the tenants on their monthly rents
Which are subsidized by a federal housing program to take advantage of these poor people as egregious said US Attorney guy Lewis
The defendant defrauded recipients of a program designed to provide a decent living for low income people if convicted Perez could face up to
105 years in prison and 5.2 million dollars in fines
How do you like that?
Speaking of those are right-wing vatista like that crowd
They vatista mafia as some folks call it
Hey, well this thing with John Henry in the Corolla it's not even worth getting into because nobody cares
Nobody cares just like my talking about Dave Van Horn how boring is there won't be any calls about that
They don't even know who that is and I was only listening by accident because I happened to be in the car last night
Cliff Floyd hits all I'm running there like about as much excitement as if somebody just farted in the back of the impact less less excitement
I mean somebody needs to kick that guy in the ass Dave Van Horn. Well, I'm okay. They call on that
Here's our poll questions today on the aronjers.com
If the elections for Florida governor were held today, who would you vote for?
Jeb Bush Janet Reno or neither of the above
Me might even want to get a third choice
Well, I don't think there I don't think there is a third. I mean there will be some other minor party. They'll be like, you know
What do you have third choice?
This is assuming that Janet Reno will be the Democratic candidate, which of course will be they're not really serious about that
Are they hey? They ran another dead man. They ran buddy McKay
Well, he was the vice governor
In fact, I'm surprised that they didn't prop walking Lawton
They knew he couldn't prop him back up in a chair and run him again
He would have had a better chance than buddy McKay
At least Lawton might have looked a little bit lively, you know, yeah, the Democrats are famous for running the dead candidates
And why the hell should the Republicans be the only one after running Bob Dull with his limp
Hand in his limp
Thing
Jeb Bush Janet Reno or neither of you Bob. That's your choice if the governor's election will be inheld right now this moment
Just just out of curiosity because the hero ran that pull a couple of days ago and tried to make it appear that Janet Reno
Would actually have a choice and then this guy writes a letter to the editor suggesting that the young Cuban should vote for Janet Reno
As a way to learn that yeah
Well, I think there'd be a whole bunch of Cuban Americans voting for Janet Reno. How many you think? Yeah
Maybe I think we're exaggerating by about 700% there
Well, we define one we'll find one and he paid no vote for oh
She Cuban
Are you starting on that sandy painting dyke stuff again just because she was tight with an bishop in her mind? Yes, oh
Next you'd be talking about Dwight Latter-day eating ass
Let me tell you again in case you're interested show yesterday all you kids out there is done sure you would say don't be eating ass
Your must-actual fallout
Happened to Dwight Latter-day. I used to be a good upstanding guy
You said big numbers are in Channel 10 news and then all of a sudden they accidentally put that thing on air our good friend
Gail not so bright in honor of my 25th anniversary on the year and all of a sudden Dwight's mustache started falling out
It looks about 150 years old looks almost as old as Wilka Brian, but not quite well
He looks what is he trying to do is he trying at new look now the new senior citizen?
What he looks better than he ever has
You're you're encouraging him on it. He thought he looked better when he was fat with black crap in his hair
Yeah, oh, this is yeah look better. Yes
Better than he mentioned it like a like a like a chicken. He's got that chicken neck
And his hair is all I mean to go from one day to have black hair and it be totally gray the next day is a little bit shocking
Maybe a little we're on in you know off something like that
You're responsible for it
Here's our first call the day in Bokeh. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay, so far good first time call or listen
I missed half to show you yesterday
Yeah, the first hour, and I know you guys are talking about Rick Sanchez
Very briefly. Yeah, I know you don't like talking about him
But I mean he's gone either that much what's there to talk about he was on Zeta
When you were on vacation. Yeah doing what Zeta was kissing is you know what yeah, and
They were they were saying how he's the best guy in town and they couldn't believe he was leaving and
Yeah, it was it was quite interesting
You suck after it over with sucking his ass
You know it and Paul
Well, let me ask you what's wrong with young Ron though got me. I don't know. I don't think he's still young
Okay, well listen thanks for the good news
That was pretty exciting. I was almost excited yesterday's first call the guy was telling me where to spend my airline money
And I should be flying KLN Northwest and spending seven grand a sitting business class because it would impress him very much
560 560 pound 560 on the 18 and teen for rise and wireless lunch. I'm going to give this Robert Steinbach
Call in a moment
Because this guy really pisses me off Robert Steinbach. He's an asshole. He writes in a hero
Here's Hollywood hello
Hello, yes sir. Yeah, I'm Neil. How you doing? Okay? Let me ask you do you know who Dave Van Horn is?
Yeah, he's the in the Renoxa with the Marlin. And what do you think him?
Well, I didn't think he was
Not too bad. I think you have a point there or the same thing with Boo there. I think that
Yeah, blue Radley. Yeah. No, I think that Joe angle
Just just like you I just Joe angle. Yeah, they really stuck it to him. I just think in that event did there is an I've brought a Johnny angle
There is an I call this last night. I was listening to he has gained the summation of the hockey game
And they made a comment there. I'm more into baseball and other stuff
But you know, every show off the night look at it. See what's going on
And they were mentioning the the score wherever they got beat you know five nothing the night before
It's all over sudden. It's it's a two one game for you low scoring. What does that mean? Well, they mentioned the fact that
that
The the islanders have a trap play or whatever it is the islanders are the islanders playing in a stand-up final
No, not the islanders the
Why who is it Jersey Jersey?
Wasn't it Jersey that played Denver last night? Jersey in Denver, yeah
Well, any event the reason I called I was curious just through they're Colorado Rockies
I think Colorado Rockies and they were talking about the fact that they used this
We're after this is Denver, Avalanche
So if they're able to do that
What does that show what are you talking about what in goddamn blueberry animal? We're talking about orange juteous
This guy's talking to you trying to get about the SPN radio. Well, how could you put him on the air?
This guy was older than the fuzla in fact that must have been Victor Kayaim. It sounded like yeah
Just
Approved that he even though he died. He still got a little something left in him not too much obviously
Jesus god call upon to a sports shows, okay? At least it's different from talking about how come they fired bullsie
Five to hear that one more goddamn time on his station. I'm gonna puke my guts out
The trends will be out of 230 which means tomorrow morning will have all these numbers in the latest rating trend
And now the big pressure is on the morning guys
Because now it'll be the first evidence of whether it was really you know
Mark Eisenberg is gonna put them over the top or was really pat the son of the scapego because if they should buy some chance go down a little bit
Oh my god, who they gonna blame then who's your rose gonna blame then who's gonna be the scapegoat if they should go down a little bit again
After they have too much room to go down much more, but if they should just by you know some chance
Who they're gonna be blaming them probably mark Eisenberg
Well, there's the great Reaper although I heard them sucking his ass this morning about the great free food
He got in there and the guilty was sucking along and giving out phone numbers and you know
Maybe we ought to do more that we just don't plug our food people off like we you know
They're just aren't any good food people. I mean other than we've got our food. I shouldn't say it that way
But I'm talking about different like you like soup. We don't have any place. We can get a nice bowl of soup
Where's my soup? Yeah, I mean those days are gone the IOD days where we're over there on a causeway
And we had every kind of food under the sun. We had some young guy and some old guy like one that just called in
Well, that was good. That was a great great call
My
And you wonder what the hell is all about why there's nobody going to these ball games? Are they no sports fans in his town?
Like yesterday it gets 75 different calls from people. Tell me about Brian Murray got a job
Does any of this Brian Murray still work here? No?
Does anybody give a fine crap about Brian Murray? No, does anybody know whether they're gonna finally sell this team here?
No, does anybody care? No, no
But because they're one dimensional. They want to keep pocket away with B M and T M and B M
You know too much B M in this town. That's one of the problems
Although last guy I think he could have used one
He was special I was on ESPN radio
God feel like I'm getting all my flim back again
I just for the first day in weeks I finally feel like it's all gone now and after you're hearing his voice
I feel like it's making a comeback
I've got a crocky coming up a big one. In fact, or Julius
I think we're bringing a lot of good mucus on it. I'm boy. Almost as good as like a chocolate malt would bring a lot of good mucus
That's good married one. Yeah, he's an asshole. Yeah, he sure is
Anyway, church state ruling stands. That's the good news court declines to review order against commandments display
Of course there were three uh justices who decided that that wasn't a good idea
They wanted the review but it takes four to review the case so it's the only three guess what the three were
Change justice William. I it's a lie. I'm not a Nazi-renquist
And justice is Anthony and Scalia and Clarence I be a token Thomas
Anyway, I sharply divided Supreme Court refuse yesterday to hear an Indiana case and whether we display the ten commandments outside the city hall violates the principle of separation of church and state
The court declined to hear the appeal of city officials from Elkhart, Indiana who would lost the church state fight in a lower court
Although the courts denial of review sets no precedent
It does leave in place the decision by the 70 West Circuit Court of Appeals
Which ruled that the granite monument inscribed with the biblical commandments violates constitutional boundaries
dividing church and state to which we say all right. Thank God and
Thank God for Jim Jeffords too
Because if nothing else the one thing that he ensures at least for the uh foreseeable future
We're not going to have any more William Rincquist oriented in Scalia's or Clarence's token Thomas's on U.S. Supreme Court
Anyway, here's this column by Robert Steinbach
Who is uh taken over in my new place in my heart is the most anxious of all the Harold writers and his last name doesn't even jackass
How do you like that although he is he's an asshole he is a jackass
The last column of his that I made reference to on a program was the one where he wrote
Very emotionally about poor confused frightened Nathaniel Brazil
poor terrified confused
I'm misunderstood be Wildard Nathaniel
Who of course he was teacher's crap away
Now he writes today in the wake of this weekend's barbaric rotest behavior way to South Beach
And I before I get into his column which I am going to read
Didn't we just a few weeks ago have the air showing for Lauderdale or am I my dream?
And didn't they have the estimates were on the two-day weekend that there were two to three million people
We're tended at one point of another all together
Did was anybody shot that weekend? No, did we have riots? No, did we have people like uh
The looting businesses and no mugging it no women being uh
No sexual battery no no
Don't we have Kai Ocho every year in Miami last time I checked and uh there are I don't know how the number is but like millions two million
Whatever the hell it is hundreds of thousand at least they would I think it's more than that
Well hundreds of pounds certainly more than 250,000 people we had in South Beach
Many hundreds of thousands if not one or two million people attend Kai Ocho
I don't recall and I could be wrong. I could have been missing something
I don't recall hearing about any shootings at Kai Ocho. I don't recall about hearing any women getting
sexually abused or raped or molested or whatever
I don't hear about any of those things
So the premise of this article is that anytime you're going to have large gatherings of people that you're just supposed to accept a certain amount of
Abrit and barbaric and violent behavior and shootings and looting and all of these things
Which I don't accept them
But anyway the headline in this column by Robert Steinbeck this morning South Beach needs no perspective on tourist influx
Yeah, we need the attitude changes what we need
And I did watch the stories on the news last night and I heard the comments from many of the residents and business people on South Beach
And interestingly enough they mirrored the comments most of them that I made on the show yesterday
But you see there are not a lot of people out there who would see we live in this era of political correctness in America where you
You just aren't supposed to say certain things in public
So like when I talk about the changing neighborhoods and how North Bay counties been turned into an after a toilet
Oh, you're just not supposed to say that because you're might ruffle somebody's feathers and they're right away
You have people calling and calling you a bigot
As if I'm just making these things up just to be a prick
Anyway, Robert Steinbeck writes my beat his problem in the wake of the huge raucous memorial day crowds at chokesouth beach is that the public sees what it wants to see
Keep in mind he doesn't see what he wants to see we see what we want to see
He writes you could if you wanted see a hugely successful holiday holiday weekend that you among others
tens of thousands of upscale sophisticated black tourists capable of paying hundreds of dollars a night for hotel rooms and
$60 or more for nightclub cover charges painted only by the miniscule bad element that accompanies any large young crowd
I've never seen so many beautiful people said local architect and fashion designer Neil Hall who is black
It sets up a whole new tourist to find black folks as people who sit down in restaurants and stay at fine hotels
Or you could see black people out of control and panic unnecessarily
The weekend south beach crowd of as many as 250,000 was swelled by a series of club sponsored events that drew many notables of the hip hop generation
Miami Beach City officials to their credit are taking great pains to describe the weekend in non-racial terms
City manager George M Gonzalez admitted that the city wasn't prepared for so large a crowd
I'm certainly not happy with the weekends events. He said it reporters yesterday
Some 200 directs were made contrary to rumors as many as of as many as seven fatalities no one died
Gonzalez said well thank god for that
But Gonzalez told me it was important to dispel misperception that have stretched across the county about what really happened in south beach around the country
There was not a riot. He said the city was not lost. We never lost control
Assistant police these Donald of cheese and Donald the Lucas said the weekend featured many more people than usual
Roaming south beach on foot in part because the impact nightclub said it turned away thousand of hopefuls
But most of it ends readily complied with officers request a Lucas said
I would say the number of rest was proportional of the crowd
If it's one out of a hundred arrested normally this weekend it was ten out of a thousand
Most of those arrested were local people he added which is and floods that flying a face where we told yesterday
They were telling us that it was uh New Yorkers outsiders that we're doing all the crap
Anyway, Robert Steinback was on the say the attitude toward the weekend was not so sanguine at a Miami Beach planning and zoning meeting Tuesday
One resident at the meeting fredded about whether south beach was attracting the right demographic
South Beach's reputation is a glamorous destination for the young black and sophisticated tourists is growing rapidly
Yet few tourism professionals comprehend the size and plough of today's black tourist market
Any attempt at a scourge such tourists would be a colossal exercise in short-sightedness
South Beach can't be the mecca of cool from more more of the weekend that little better planning and foresight couldn't have handled
End of column by Robert Steinback more crap more puke
More speutum on pages of uh newspaper print
How do you like that?
Little bit better planning and we have all these sophisticated young black tourists coming in
And just when you have certain numbers of people although I guess uh, I guess somehow just yeah, it's just a coincidence
That doesn't have to level to five sixty-kil we got hang coming up until we got the shivis rato talking hard Bob with a crow at six
And then you got a marlon on deck at six thirty marlon's and a pirate's last given that series at seven oh five any interest at all no any k after the game
So here's a listing of orange judicious. There's one in the dairy queen orange judis 1844 Tammy
Tammy Tammy trellis in Naples and then these other ones here are clear water will land it we care about those no
Midway mall in Miami
Is the midway mall still there where's that the mall be mergers
This has got to be an old list. I'm not sure they also have that big giant new mall and I don't know what that's called
I don't think the midway mall is that they made that in the sun. I think that's the mall that wasn't a dump
That was a real dumb
Anyway, look at this fall here boy. We got some tremendous responses morning. Here's for appears hello
Hello
Okay, here's our last caller only one mobile in four-lotterdale. Hello. Yeah, hey Neil. Yes, sir
Uh common. Yeah, I'm a limo driver and I was out of the airport just prior to that weekend. Uh-huh
I saw no less than five train loads of
People coming in that for the first two that I saw come in didn't know what was going on, but uh as soon as they got off the plane
They were ready to party they had the boom boxes go and we answered on the concourse. Uh-huh people were looking around going what the hell is going on here?
So and then some guys said yes, uh, I've been weakened
We looked at each other gone. Oh, okay
Okay, well thanks for the good news
See as somebody you need to call in it's the carabana festival I think they have in Toronto over a year in the early summer
I guess it is in the June, July, whatever and a couple of times I've had the misfortune
I always stay pretty much in the same hotel bring nice hotel in downtown Toronto anytime I go up there
And uh, I've never had any bad experiences in that hotel except on those weekends must there's be a coincidence
Uh-huh and we're not talking about ghetto people because ghetto people can't afford to stay in that hotel
It's not real expensive, but it's not the low rents is for either
And yet the kind of people who are in there on those weekends when they have the care of
Antifestival in Toronto, uh, their behavior is unacceptable. I think I'm I'm being kind. They're well-dressed
They're not like I said they're not ghetto people and the behavior is unacceptable and loud and obnoxious and abhorrent and uh gruesome
Not to mention of course the stuff that's going on out there like I'm Terry or would they do have the big festival?
I'm gathering and every year they're all the shootings and the uh the stuff going on
See Robert Steinbach the idea that you're making this into a numbers game the assumption being that if there are
X number of people in a given place at a given time that they're going to be X number of abhorrent activities that take place
I'm not buying that it's an excuse
I'm so kind of excuses
I'm not about you, but it's really old and stale and the idea that the hip hop crowd is it what was that one line?
Oh many notables of a hip hop generation
I think South Beach can do very well without notals ball of the hip hop generation
I
Could be wrong about that
But it seems to me they've been doing pretty well for uh for several years now without that crowd that he's talking about
So you see whatever you want to see Robert Steinbach and you see you obviously see by life to uh the eyes of a black man
Not through the eyes of anybody who's got the least bit of objectivity, but you're a professional black man
And everything you write is colored the same way pardon that expression
Whether it's about the fangil brazil or about this past weekend the excuses that you make are nauseating their puke inducing
And I'm starting as time goes on I'm starting to understand the the excuses the OJ thing
He may as anxious as it is to me. I'm starting to understand it because there's one segment of black people in this country
No matter what other black people do they're gonna rationalize if they're gonna make an excuse for it or Robert Steinbach's one of them
Are this flowery crap about this new uh this new kind of tourist that we have in South Beach
I don't know about you, but based on what I saw in the news and what I read about in the clips
I saw in TV and the people who were screaming and carrying on who lived down there
I don't think that that's the kind of tourist that we want is it oh, I don't think so
But we do have a little bit of a problem here
You know because we don't really have any drawder than the goddamn beaches and you know the the plastic craft down there on South Beach
We don't really have a draw here
Whether in the beaches which they can't have them figured out a way to screw up yet
So we get the French Canadians which nobody else wants them. Thank God for that week Canadian Looney. I'll tell you that
But that's what you get
Here's a mobile and baby hello
Mobile and baby
Is there something screwed up with this phone?
Here's Hollywood hello. Yeah, I'm sure okay
Did you know that there was another black extravaganza schedule for tonight? No, I did not at the Miami arena. It was
There's originally scheduled for the orange ball, but they because of the threatening weather was
Moved to the Miami arena tonight with Erica bad-do
Yeah, and the Isle brothers. Yeah, what's wrong with the Isle brothers? Well, they're they're insightful too
They're in the Isle brothers are insightful sure
What what is that man? Absolutely with with the hip hop and the music. I think brothers aren't hip hop
So you're you're a moron. Okay. You're an idiot. You're a jackass
The Isle brothers are insightful. Oh good God. I heard that had great insight. Yeah full
You're full of it
Rhymes with Smith, okay
Get a get a life. Okay, you disgusting piece of scum like I said. This is a wonderful place. This is a great place
I'm to say I'm trying to do one thing. I'm trying to be the voice of sanity who you released as the balls not to worry about being politically correct and talk about these things from the standpoint of like
Hey, this is not the way things are supposed to be and we got every goddamn bigoted son of a bitch
I'm waiting until I start talking about people who speak English, you know that will get that before 11 o'clock. Oh, you're a thief
The place where hate reigns supreme. So what are you belaying about? You know in fact? We ought to be delighted
We like a good riot. We like civil disobedience. We like a bunch of crap
Look how what a good time we had with alien
Here's the car from a sterile hello
Hello, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir? Good to have you back. Uh-huh. Oh, boy. It was hectic. What have you there?
Yeah, I was talking about
Parking and all this kind of thing. Oh, thank God. I don't you there
Uh-huh. I know
Hey, look, how can I do for you? So you're
I'm down there. What is it? I'd like to play over there and sing a song. Yeah, I bet you would
That's the same guy that calls with that song every day from over to West Coast
He's one our one our medley of our listener on the West Coast
Oh boy
Yeah, I tell you what I think we could solve all these problems
Let's send this new brand of tourists at the Robert Simon's right about let's send them all over there to Fort Myers Naples in the sterile
Sounds good to me. They got that big hockey ring over there. Have a nice venue for some of their activities. Uh-huh
Yeah, and let's see how they handle it over there
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hey, Neil. What's up? How you doing, sir? Good first time caller long time listening. All right
Ten years. Well, listen, I used to work at WRPL 14 under when Robert Simon back to do a radio show. I stick on Sunday
Uh-huh. And all this guy we talked about was black. There's black. That black. Yeah, he's a professional spook
Listen, I didn't want to change the subject, but did you hear about the Steven Tyler thing at the Indianapolis 500?
Yes, I saw it was uh, very unfortunate
It was crazy with all over the news. I mean people are valiant and not the stupidest thing. Yeah, I'm real problem
I understand, but it was unfortunate. We're stupid on his part and then he apologized for it, but you know
Everybody has to make a big deal about it. And of course we have a lot of veterans who are just looking to be offended anyway, but it was uh, sad
Yeah, you want to see him? Did my what? You're gonna go see Aaron Smith? No
Oh man, come on
Gonna be a great show. Okay, have a good time
Sad to ponytail. I'll be there
But I'm telling you bigger in Europe than they've ever been in their career right now. They're all over the place. They're all spent
And then it is sad it was a bad mistake on his part because he's a great entertainer and he just uh, you know kind of made an ass out of himself
You didn't think
He was right. He was trying to be cute, you know, I know it was uh, yeah
That call yeah, it was a bad bad idea. I don't think he meant anything by it
No, he did not mean anything by it and we're certainly nothing to give you uh, you know, it's in a ringer all about but there's nothing else going on
Don't you understand the media's got to get all whipped up about stuff like that. So plus he's a celebrity
And anytime it's already farx the wrong flavor, you know, we got to make a big deal out of it
Or as I say at the Delhi we have to make a big simmiss out of it
I don't like simmiss. You ever have carrots simmiss? No fat
560560 pound 560. I'm just I'm just made about this food situation, you know, I really am
And I don't want to sound ungrateful because we have a lot of good friends, you know, bring us all that
But you can only eat so much pasta in the cheese and sausage and meatballs and meatballs and cheese and pasta
We haven't limited, you know, and so many greasy cold cuts
Here's the adventurer hello
Yes, sir
Yes
I'd like to say
Top of the shop each weekend it's not so much the people for but rather the
businesses in Miami-B that weren't prepared for the actual
Clouding that it was and when you get so many people together and you have so many
and
planned events, but they can't accommodate everybody with a little standing in line for hours on hours and don't get in
There's a level of frustration that's filled over into the streets and Miami-B's police are the clubs
The restaurants they were not prepared to deal with the people
So what happens it happens all over the world in events and venues where people don't get accommodated
Things break out, but it wasn't so much the people that were there, but the circumstances
It's circumstances
Somebody else's fault. Okay. Thank you. It's always somebody else's fault
And like I said, Kaya Ocho, they know they can't be sure how many people are gonna show up
They know it's hundreds of thousands and times it's a million or two million whatever it is
And in spite of the fact that they have all those people show up and are sure that some of them wait on long lines for their
Whatever they're eating in the streets for the food and whatever these things don't happen
But we're supposed to believe that the nature of the people who were there and I understand that we're trading like walking on eggshells
It's very very delicate. You just can't say these things you see them in you know mixed company
The nature of the crowd that we had there had nothing to do with the kind of behavior that took place
I'm just positive that just like the thing I'm telling you about the caravanifestable in Toronto the the fact that the people are there
happen to be
Cool as they are and what they are that has nothing to do with the kind of environment that's created when they're there
It must be just my imagination. I must be looking for trouble
I mean we're talking about the very same hotel bar. I've stayed probably a hundred times
Or it's always very pleasant or it's like a family atmosphere most of the time
Where you don't encounter rowdy and there lots of young people and they're all the time by the way lots of
But you don't encounter rowdy and obnoxious because first of all Toronto is a you know Canadians are known as the most polite people
probably too polite in Toronto way
But that means from one extreme to the other so you just don't encounter that kind of stuff
So when you do you take notice of it
When there are people are acting like they just came out of the jungle or something like that like it's a jungle jam
You do take notice of it and that doesn't make you a bigot it makes you somebody who's offended by unacceptable social behavior
Oh, no, we understand you're always talking about those farts as nail well. Maybe there's a reason for it
I just came back from vacation. I didn't even know what that'll happen on South Beach. I didn't make it up
I didn't uh wasn't involved in it. I wasn't responsible for it. I wasn't looking for it
It just happened and I read about it and heard about it and it's all over the goddamn news and everybody never
Brothers talking about it and Robert Steinbeck's making excuses for it
Morning today
I want to talk about how we can meet some of our energy needs through a new kind of conservation
Squeezing family budgets and disrupting the lives and work of our fellow Americans
My administration would do our part to help by cutting transmission lines that deliver electricity to your home
These are immediate measures to help with an immediate problem
And that will be a part of my administration's energy plan
Gasoline and electricity prices are rising sharply that will be a part of the plan as well
Thank you very much for listening. All right. Love it o'clock at 560 WQM
So here's a ad. This is an ad that we actually spend money on or is it like a trend
Print out deal because we have no budget. Uh-huh
And they stop load of business journal. Congratulations Neil Rogers show number one men 2554
10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Hangover show to the system. There's our two fat faces there
Why sure look a lot skier next to hang space. Do I?
Nice going Hank
Look how much that was slumber my face looks
So anyway, uh, there it is
For whatever whatever good then is how come we never got that new times thing where they had the best of and the worst of and all of that
I don't know so that we could talk about Joe Rose. I think I did that I forgot
I
Oh whatever that means okay. Well, let's save that for Hank because I'm sure he'll be very impressed by that
Uh-huh. It'd be a lot more impressive
They would sign a contract instead of back to him
We got 91 hosts in our poll so far on Neil Rogers dot com if the election for Florida governor will be held right now this moment
Who'd you vote for?
Janet Reno 62
Jeb Bush 14 none of the above 21
How do you like that you silly person you she might actually have a shot
That's 80% of the rest of the stated
Yeah
There wasn't a wacko wake up wackos
5605 608 pound although she started to look pretty good compared to what the FBI is doing now
Yeah, she's starting to look pretty damn good compared to the FBI
Here's pompano hello
Yeah, I just knew that here. There was something in his mouth
So much buff. By yeah much mom for a 5607 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. There's always a good response
What I got against black people's
Why can't you deal with the issues? Why can't you look at what's going on and address it?
Anybody who's got an opinion that these kinds of things are unacceptable right away is a bigot
Don't like black people. I like nice black people and maybe someday I'll meet one
Here's Miami. Hello. I need a home. Yes, sir. Okay. Hey right after you
Red time-backs call my go-to on the internet and I did a little search and I typed in
Times Square Millennium Celebration. Yeah, and crime
Yeah, how many people I had jammed into Times Square 3 million? I
Could have been it I saw two and a half way to have me okay?
And times the amount of people they had on the beginning of rest they had
No 14 14 14 arrest. How do you like that?
Uh, that's just I mean it didn't Robert Stein makes the one a couple years ago. He started the radio show on
I'm waxy. Yeah, and he was gonna he was gonna raise the level of dialogue and reinvent talk radio and be civilized and teach people how to really do a talk show
He was on for about five minutes. I think and that was the end of that couldn't buy a call
By the way, you knew it's first caller. I remember listening back then. Oh you were the one
Now there was one out you knew his first caller was no yogurt. Oh there you go
But um, it just goes to show you the the disconnect that the
Going on going on over there at the herald plaza. They don't know what the hell's going on
No, of course not they they have all these ivory tower guys writing all of this crap and nothing carol
Heisen they really have anybody in that paper rights. Anything that makes any sense or does they connect with reality?
I gave you another example back um, I
Know a couple months ago. You had a caller call in and he he started off by saying um, I was reading a story in the herald
And then he said you know the the English language version of Elmer Wevel herald and you laughed and everything and and I've been going around with the executive
Veteror over there Marty Baron from it talking about how he does and to talk to a lot of people and you know the paper doesn't talk to me anymore
Right, I don't buy it. No, no, the newspaper talks to people that don't read it exactly. Yeah. Yeah, well, we won't go that far but um
So I sent him a note and I said here's here's an example. Here's your work your work is cut out for it because he just came here from the New York Times
I said your work is cut out for you. Here's what a caller to the erudger said today
And then I you know, he quoted what the caller said about the you know Elmer Wevel herald
He writes me back and he said well, I find that callers to most talk radio shows aren't representative of those the
Population as a whole uh-huh, and then of course I wrote back them you know, you know, Roger's most listened to and all that kind of me
But you're whistling you're whistling exactly your office. Why you mentioned my name at the hero?
Well, I mean it was like talking to the wall. I mean they don't want to listen
So I'm getting ready to let her just find back
Okay, well have a good time take care
I mean, you know if you want to waste the effort go ahead, but you just spending your wheels not gonna change him
He's a professional ethnic just like what's the one the the young lady that Liz Balmissata is that her name the rights to your professional
Juliet column or just about every day the same crap every every guy day
See I had this revolutionary idea and just like in today's paper. There's a thing I forget
I'm not even gonna look for it about how many Colombians the ethnic are the changing as such as Cubans anymore
Now it's so many Mexicans and Colombians. Well, what differences to make?
What differences to make? Well, why do we have to keep
Pointing to the differences that then and they're talking about oh this one is divisive and that one is divisive
I can't think of anybody more divisive than the Harold
divide and conquer that's their whole philosophy
Who the hell gives a crap how many guy then Colombians are Mexicans or Nicaraguan or Cubans or Jews? What the hell difference is it make?
And that's why this time will never ever be a real place because of being it just isn't
There's no cohesiveness here
You've got an ethnic nightmares what you've got here
And then we're never gonna change. I don't care you can come back if we come back 500 years from now, but by some miracle from some other planet
If you're never gonna change it's still be the same
And you go into real cities and I travel all over the world and you say sure there are problems and there is ethnic friction and but I'm talking about places that are real
And there are all different kinds of people and generally speaking they co-exist side by side and they're they're all a part of wherever it is that they live not here
Not here at all no way Jose
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach hello
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir
I was one of the
Handful of Anglos that was over on the South Beach this weekend
And it was just indescribable we had relatives fly in the town to sail on the Norway
And good choice. Oh great. Yeah, and since they couldn't sail we went back down to the ship picked them up and
taxied over to South Beach and
The discuss that the kids were doing over there the people were doing over there was just malicious destruction there was no
Public outrage because of the lines ran again. We're tearing mirrors off cars
There were people jumping from car to car
Getting the hood getting the roof and there was no
Why am I reason for it? It was just sporadic groups of kids seeing what they could get away with
And the deal on the Norway
according to one of the
Agents that was there was that the Coast Guard official had booked the previous
Voyage on there and didn't feel he was appropriately compensated
Being a member of the Coast Guard
And he's the one that blew the whistle on him for the violation. Yeah
So that's the Norway line. I must say they were very nice that are relatives
And put him up at a hotel for the rest of their state alert there. That's lying out for Thursday
And put him up and compensated him gave him a free cruise there and he'd know it wasn't good
I keep begging people out there to stop wasting their money on these cruises
But I just can't get across. I mean, it's you know, it's the biggest scam going anywhere
And you know either you got a fire out there at sea or here you got another ship that's got eight million different you know defects in the
Fire alarm system. What I'm in hell it was
And the women getting raped out there at sea and then this is people's idea of a great vacation
Is being a captive audience on a liqueue vessel somewhere
They had failed on the Norway when it was the FS France when they were first married so this was like the
Quintessential anniversary. Uh-huh way to can't go back. I could be pending divorce. Okay. Have a great day pal
baggage
I keep trying to tell you folks you want to waste your money on these cruise ships
There was in a week that closed by that we don't have another horror story
People stranded out of sea people on ships that never wind up taking off like this Norway people out of it with fires on board
Women getting raped all sorts of stuff going on out there people being molested
The big cover up that they try to put on this is one of the greatest scams
But you're not supposed to say that because I might defend the kjerson and some others
God forbid we should do that
Unless of course they have those evil uh stop machines on there. They'll be no pick on them
And that correct. Uh-huh. So Bobby Butterworth said he said go a pick away, baby
Because it's evil
9 minutes after 11 and 560 WQO if you didn't go into sea
Hello, I'm Mr. Ray
Well, he sure getting around these days any it's 11 14 at 5 60 WQM
Here's the fact this is my wife and I made the tremendous mistake of heading down to Wolfies on Sunday
Well struck us most was the trash
There had to be a foot tall pile of trash the entire length of Collins Avenue people were eating and dropping trash wherever they stood
Well, sounds like Paris
The most run down neighborhoods in Porto, Prince Hayte couldn't have looked any worse
You really have to feel bad for people who came for their once-year vacation and ran into this
These folks wanted to come down spent some money try and have a little bit of fun
We've lost those people in tax money. They provide us for good. In other words, they ain't going to be coming back
But Robert Steinbach says we got this new branded tourist now
We shouldn't turn our backs on them because they be the future of South Beach
They'd be the future tourism baby
Here's a great facts from a Darrell and Sarasota who says
blame
Let's see if I understand how America works lately
If a woman burns her thighs on a hot coffee she was holding it or laugh while driving she blames the restaurant
If your T.A. Stun kills himself you blame the Rock and Roll music or musician you liked
If you smoke free packs a day for 40 years and die of lung cancer your family blames the tobacco company
If your daughter gets pregnant by the football cats and you blame the school for poor sex education
If your neighbor crashes into a tree while driving home drunk you blame a bartender
If your cousin gets aged because the needle he used to shoot up with heroin was dirty
You blame the government for not providing clean ones
If your grandchildren are brats without manners you blame television
If your friend is shot by a deranged madman you blame the gun manufacturer
And if a crazed person breaks into the cockpit and tries to kill the pilot at 35,000 feet and the passengers kill him instead
The mother of the deceased blames the airline
I must have lived too long to understand the world as it is anymore
So if I die while my old wrinkle laughs is parked in front of this computer
I want to blame Bill Gates okay? Okay?
Okay Darrell and Sarasota excellent facts
Yeah, and I would blame Bill Gates anyway
You want to know why he's an asshole he bugs me he pisses me off
I've always said the wrong people have the really big money the wrong ones. Can't we rob him?
That would be good us time up
Take all his money and let show Griffin ever way with him
Here's point in V chill out or least kiss him on the lips point in V chill out
Hey, Bill, that's going. Yes, sir. How are you talking about Dave and for in this morning? Yes, he is terrible
Yeah, you had to take me and I want to court it again. He will one call on him
The
No hitter game last week. I was listening to that and I fell asleep with two outs in the night
I can't blame him. I mean it's like he should be doing a checker's match right he should be doing badman
Yeah, it is it's no excitement in it a home run game winning home run
You don't even know the games over and you would think that you know here the team is so desperate to put some asses in the seats
And try to create a little bit of excitement and for them to hire a guy who's is boring is listening to paint drive
What are they thinking about? Yeah, he even made he makes boobs
sound good
Yeah, or boo. I guess it is boo
Me and you and a guy named boo
Keep it up. Yeah, okay. Thanks. But what happened to Miguel? He must be on the bokeh Brian dive
was about 84 pounds everybody
I want to wait for 10 days and I can't back and everybody's emaciated doesn't he look good for him?
And he's just wearing his baggies today
No, in order of the whole self-being I'm talking from the ass up. He's always gonna have that big ass. What's that cover?
Huh? No, no seriously. He's like weighs about 82 pounds
Everybody's getting skinny here except the
Oh god, yeah
And I'm not eating anything. I'm just talking about it. I'm gaining weight like that orange Julius
But that sure sounds good, don't that? Mm-hmm strawberry
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 ever should. That's a big don't his spanish like that stuff
Orange Julius. Yes, that's Miguel
No, he don't even know what it is
Oh come on Hulio's got a love that stuff. They just call it orange Hulio orange Hulio. Yeah
Oh, I had a few of those
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Hey, I have so much to say. I just go right ahead take all the time you want
I could take all the time. I would take a couple hours. I will take a couple of hours. I'm talking about John Bulls getting fired
Yeah, you just talk about that
I couldn't disagree with you about decision. Okay. I would normally agree with you. So right ahead, you know
I'm a blank person, you know, I just have two points to say
To this. Well, I sure wouldn't expect it. But I did have one black person who did agree with me yesterday, which is pretty interesting
No, I think I agree with the premise of what you're saying. Well, you just got to say you couldn't disagree more
I don't think I have much of a choice. I know because why not?
I mean, I'm sorry. What you're saying is true. That would mean I am one of them
Yeah, that would mean I'm not good to sell beach to a nightclub
Uh, that would mean that I am pretty you know, um
Probably gonna be one of those I will be looked at as a criminal
Okay, so you know, so what are you saying? I
You know, my opinion is that everybody's basically the same. We have to have the age them with graphics of those people on
South Beach
You know, um, I don't think that there any different from the youth that go to
Um, that come down for spring break
You know, you know, you know, if they put up in the streets and you have a bunch of teenagers in the street
They'll do you know, they will come to me. Well, let me ask you something when we had spring break and for a lottery
This last uh
Whatever now it was uh, I didn't remember anybody getting shot
Um, my understanding was that there was nobody shot, but there was a lot of rest
And you know, it's a black person I think the police would have read the rest and look at you. Yeah
I mean that is the case
So now that you're saying is the cops were resting people just because they were black. No, that's not that's not what I'm saying
I don't I'm saying that you know, the situation that maybe they wouldn't have arrested a lot of people for the probably a restaurant for
Yeah, and I you know, I've hit the nose over all over the world and I know that is the case
Look at England now where they haven't raised violence in England
You know, which has not been caused by the black you've been caused by the white teenagers
Yeah, well, what is going to do with England? No, the point of trying to make you hear this is that you know
I don't think it matters well. I don't think it matters who it is
You know, I feel like the problem is that you know
But I ended a year and you're totally missing my point. How about that care?
Benefits of what I talked about in Toronto with their all blacks who come in from all out of town
And I could you know what I'm trying to say is that you can also look at you know the spring break issues
I mean they do have a lot of crime doing spring break and they do have the other rest of the spring break
You know during this break, but which is
Most of the stuff that happens during spring break is from kids who drink too much and jump off balconies and motels and
You know
You know the adacto I don't see too many places of business that get destroyed during spring break. Maybe all you do
I mean they don't they bring you very much different. I mean they do have riots
during spring break too
Okay, but they'll put a brand new where was this when we have the last right to spring break?
This is where I cannot agree with you
Tell me where did we have the last right during spring break here?
Why did we have the last right? Yeah, bring break here and I remember spring break here for the long time
That's why it was stopped on foot. Oh, we don't have spring break. I mean it's not what it used to be
We don't want it used to be I mean what we talk about what do you know?
We still have we still have hundreds of thousands of kids who come here. Okay. Let's look at Daytona
They probably do good example where little kids go nowadays
Okay, and are they having are they having riots? Yes. Yeah. They did have a riot about two years ago
Okay, I have been there so I don't know for some knowledge of it. Yeah, but from what you've been reported there was a riot there
So I was pretty nebulous to me. No, I mean the point I'm trying to make it make it
If what you're saying is is the case
My I didn't come back from a nine day of pleasant vacation to come back here and make things up
I came back and these things had happened and I read about them and I hear what people are saying about them and
This is what happened. I didn't invent it. It is the fact that it's up
But then I need to find that those people that did those things were pretty bad
I mean they should be condemned for what it is. Yeah, I don't think they should be grouped in the contest of race
That's what I have the problem
Well, let me say this to you because yesterday I was talking about the fact that in Vegas
They don't permit this kind of crap to go on
But I was thinking about that after the show and you know the the only times in the last few years that I've read about
Really nasty stuff going on in Vegas is after some of the big fights after some of the Tyson fights
And the crowds of people that they draw out there to those events and go out on the streets out of the strip
And you know who those crowds generally tend to be
Black
Okay
Okay
Well, if you assess the way you're going to be
You're looking to ask if that's the way you're going to behave
I'm not saying it all black. I'm saying it that way
But the fact is it happens all too often and people people want to lost it over a pretend that it doesn't
It's a cultural thing
Black old white. Yeah, yeah
That's where I think the problem is and I don't think you're out invited by Britain it down based on those issues alone
You should have me look that in that question. How should we look at it?
You should be looking at what?
I'm doing well. Yeah, I'm just done wrong. They should be punished.
And then let me ask you again
How come we have all those people that go to coyote wherever you're and we have all the people are worth the air show three
Weekends ago and we didn't have any riots and we didn't have any people
Turing up businesses and we didn't have any shootings and people getting injured and raped it. How have you been to the coyote channel?
Yeah, okay
What is it? What is it that's going on? That's not being reported
Okay, yeah, but you're people broken when they and the streets in the coyote show
You have you know
I think you know, that's going on in the streets. Yeah, he's not different
You mean they're human together human guys groping women? Yes. Well, that's an improvement for them
I'm surprised they're not growing each other. Have a great day pal
Bye-bye and you can come out now
Well, he said he wanted to lock himself in because I want to well lock all the dark folks in. I don't want to lock them all in
In fact, I'm not you know, it doesn't affect me. I don't live on South Beach
But it affected a lot of other people are very upset about it and a lot of people are not going to come back here anymore
It's by what Robert Steinberg says. I guess this is his idea. Let's replace the other tourists that we had before with this new
What does he call it the young urban affluent black
crowd
Or whatever he calls it
Upscale sophisticated black tourists capable of paying hundreds of dollars in I throw tellrooms and like I said the thing in Toronto with the carabana
They're paying pretty good money in that very nice hotel along with the rest of us who are standing there and they're acting like a bunch of lunatics
The behavior was barbaric. It was grotesque. It was unacceptable
And this was like two years in a row that I had the misfortune of going up there in a wrong weekend unsuspecting and made
Dan sure that I'd fight out you know what weekend it was going to be so I wouldn't go back on that weekend again
Can't just be by coincidence
It has to be a cultural thing and has to be something that people permit people can don't people look the other way
Just like that crap with the Puerto Ricans in central park that we talked about again yesterday
It's unacceptable. This just isn't behavior that that civilized people accept
Wow, we had a few too many beers. Yeah, well, that's too spik and bad. Okay, it's still unacceptable
And I think of the way the cops look the other way and let those women get mulled up there in central park
Then it was just unbelievable to accept the course of within your cops
There were probably too busy shooting some dark folks up the street
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What's it all about Alfie? That's what I want to know. What else it all about
Can't we just get long?
Man so much hostility and so much hatred and so much
Violence and so much crap
Why can't we find some nice people that's all nice friendly people who look real good you know what I'm saying
He was an error might have done bother me
Doesn't the end of whatever was his name? How fez I thought the falafel or Shmendrick whatever his name was don't face me
I love those eros man nice and circumspect and sized whatever they are
26 after 11 at 5 6
So they're on hiatus and sunrise right as we speak. Oh, what he said they're on hiatus. It'll be the fucking game
Exactly
Anyway, here's the facts from Marty a long time. Listen. What a great name. This is Marty Zang
That a great name
I'm never a great name for a radio person a per Marty Zang
Yeah, Marty Zang a good song and we enjoyed it better much
Anyway, here's says the wind dixie sells a powdered mix and three different flavors orange banana
I believe strawberry I find it in or near the produce sections easy to make very close to orange
Julius for which I sure you love says Marty a long time. Lisa. Thank you Marty Zang. What a great name
I don't know what it is about that name, but it's just a great name here's Paula who faxed me this note
She says do OG and Denise Rodman fit into the upscale sophisticated black tourist club if I saw I hope they stay in Miami Beach
The tourist industry in South Florida getting just what they deserve they're trying to get the tourists with money
And now they see that they're not lily white. They are going to start the nimbee holler. What does that mean? And I mby
Is it like a yuppie nimbee?
I never heard that. I'm sure probable facts we back in the list uneducated know what nimbee nimbee
She says Robert Steinbach needs to get out of the world and realize that not everybody who can afford to pay hundreds dollars to stay in a hotel on South Beach
Is the type of person you want for a neighbor? Well said Paula. Absolutely correct man right on target
What is nimbee? Not in my backyard. Oh not in my backyard excellent. Thank you very much Eric. Oh, thank you Eric
Eric's got his thumb right on it lunch
560.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T I hear I hear a T.E. one guy that hasn't turned in way you know a deal pickle memory
30 pounds though 40 pounds. Okay. Yeah, he took a big
He had some wild diarrhea over the weekend
Not sure if they don't you think Miguel has like uh, I you know what I never noticed the slim to a terrifying degree
See when you're going for a while you know it is that's right
But when you see somebody every day you don't notice it like yesterday
They see in Bokobrion for the first time in two weeks and he looked like about I looked like my great grandfather
And Miguel looks like he's on the care and carpenter diet
He used to look ridiculous Bokobrion
Like a beach ball and now he looks all the mid-dive
Flat black shoe parlors here. Yeah, like spray out and like that we'll hear I like that
We used to all from Bob Eisenberg. That was my favorite now. He looks like a normal person like an ordinary normal old man from sunrise. Yeah
Here is a mobile in pepper finds. Oh
Yeah, yes sir
Where have you watched that show called the TV funhouse from colony Central lately? No, I've not that is really ridiculous
They have this uh
This guy called acago or to make ass walk around and it
And it talks it's ridiculous. It's a walking rectum. Yeah
Oh, we got plenty of those here most of them are in management
Yeah, it should be taken off the air. It's ridiculous
So you think you can play me one of those funny songs. They make fun of the songs whatever
Like what?
Any of them are wrong. I'll play a funny song. Okay, pal. Okay
Whoo wonder what he's smoking sense him over here. We can use it please. Yeah
560 705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Oh, I got to tell you this
Talk about going to an extreme
The Amsterdam police. Oh, and I got a couple of stories
I'm walking down the street there in the uh Ruud de Vaseline one night and they stop a couple of tourists
Who are walking on the street with a can of harnacan in their hand?
Guess what is not legal to do outdoors in Amsterdam drink?
You cannot carry a I mean you can sit out of the cafe and drink you know out of your mug or whatever
But you can't walk around with an open container in public
How do you like that and they what they made them do is they made them pour the thing down
There's like a street drain there and they made them pour it down the drain while they watched
I've been in Germany guys. I don't think you would have done it right in front of the cops
Well, they'd have been you know shouting go go another another thing that they're busy doing
Is because there's so many people with bicycles there because of the narrow streets
And it's the easiest way to get around is they're making sure that people have the lights are working on a bike or whatever for a night
Whatever the deal is or the reflectors and so they're putting people over and while
While they're checking these people's reflectors or whatever they equipment on a bicycle like 15 yards away
Are these hostage-farts and sell them crack and poke and whatever and they're paying the attention of that or maybe they're wearing their reflectors
Oh
That could be it. Oh, that's seriously. It's true story
Only in Amsterdam they got some very interesting priorities
And you don't mess with the drug dealers over there first of all don't get involved with less number one
But if you do don't be messing with them because I I didn't mention on the air that brawl that I saw that one night man
No, you did not this and everybody was standing around watching it
I mean moved like way back and this guy just beat the crap out of this old woman of course
She was one of the drug peddlers and evidently she had ripped him off and he would not too pleased about it
It's better have my money. Oh, man to just smash her to the ground and her head was just bleeding and I thought he's gonna
Crack her skull open picked her up smashed her head against the glass of one of the coffee shops
I thought he was gonna bust the window which fortunately did not and then just smashed her back to the ground again
She lay there finally got up in like the whole right side of her head was like just cut right open
Yeah, I didn't it didn't turn because she was she looked like deal of the wish to begin with so it didn't really do that much harm
But you just don't want to be messing with them folk, okay?
See I want to tell you all the best of the goes on over there
So now all you people want to keep running over there. Oh, yeah, must be really good. Now you know you won't like it. Just stay here. It's great here
Here's that rabie. Hello. Hey, Neil how you doing pretty good
Well, first I'm a white man and I want to say that I agree with you. Okay
Just in response to that last caller who was a black man. Let me ask you this what is wrong with white people having an opinion
You know what I'm saying is it if white people have an opinion does that make us all racist not at all and
Thanks Greg
Greg said George did a great job while I was gone by the way said the tapes suck in George's and magnificent job
Even the show about the eating crap or whatever he was talking about does that what you're talking about?
So I was not you say that kinkery eats crap or something like that. I'm not getting all confused at all having to like jumbles together
I'm sure that it's going to be a real exciting summer around here when I'm going you know they have several
Super spies will be up and on all right
Maddie Bell kinkery all these suckles
Anyway, so everybody's in a real happy mood here. We have those trends coming out of 230 of you means we'll have more numbers tomorrow
We like having the numbers, don't we?
All right, especially when you're good, but even if they're bad you can make a show out of that
So anyway great city was over there on the south beach over the weekend
It was filthy and disgusting and people were looting and it was particularly obnoxious
So I guess I'm not just making it up or the other people that we heard all these all those people we saw in TV on the news last two days
And the people that we heard from yesterday who were actually were there. I guess they must not be making it up
So what did reporting I see
560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and since you Jews run the media. Yeah
Not in this town. We don't
Youed Julios are on the media here except for Steve Alvarez he got canned because he's two oldies washed out
Spick they can't speak the don't be good to find
177 votes on our poll if the election for Florida governor will be held right now as I speak would you vote for?
Pretty shocking I'll be honest with it. I mean even though we have this largely democratic very liberal and progressive
And I mean God
Janorino 111
Jeb Bush 29 and under the above 37 even under the above is beaten old jebster. They're not too happy with him. He's pissed off everybody
So I don't know why they think and of course his advisors come out the other day. Well that Harold Pearl
We're not too sure about that we don't but of course they don't like it because it looks too close
And they're gonna hate this pool, but they'll say well, that's that fag show, you know
His people are gonna vote for Janet because they like her style, you know
They like that pick-up truck she drives and what's wrong with having a governor drives a pickup truck. I like the way she dances. Yeah
In fact, I understand she's bringing back that old pizza chain
Shakeies
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 maybe they'll even have some orange juniors there. Huh? Why I'm gonna I don't think I'm gonna eat gotta eat
I have to have the time to start. It's not good. Well, you're diabetic to go like these long stretches is put to keep your blood
You're gonna stabilize that's a good excuse and that for like
Eating unnecessary stuff, but we just don't I guess we'll have to call on our good friend Ira all sorts of things there like what?
They have a grill
Have cheese steaks you don't care about that cheese steak. I could have that without the bread. That sounds great
I love a good filly cheese steak they have filly cheese steak. You know, they're not pizza steak, which I enjoy with monster
I love to get a bunch of that stuff
So you're just gonna eat the uh the guts out of the outside? I'm not gonna eat the bread
You want cheese steak with cheddar or the pizza steak with mozzarella and does because other cheese says
I've had enough spaghetti sauce. Don't you understand? I've had enough of that red sauce onions onions would be good peppers
Peckers would be good. Okay, she's taking fact get Miguel back in here for that mushrooms mushrooms would be good
Nothing likes in good magic mushroom. All right. I brought some back in my soul
Speaking of schfarxes. I like remember I said I might maybe would one day run into a metal really nice
schfarzer with the airport
I was coming back from Amsterdam Sunday
And you know when you come back from Europe now
Maybe not from all countries, but certainly from Holland or England especially
But when you come back through customs they automatically put your um because they ask you where you're coming from
And if it's one of those countries because of the
Open mouth and all the other stuff they want to look at your luggage to make sure you're not bringing back any food
So as they send me over in a line and there was a dark-complexed guy there and uh then the regular pudgy guy
That was gonna put my suitcase and the black guy says to him and says hey, you know who this is?
In fact, he's probably listening right now. Thanks a lot brother
Save me about 30 seconds, you know a little bit of grief plus they didn't find my magic mushrooms and my weed
But anyway
And so there's the Elijah's they said they're bringing any food back. I said no. It's okay. Have a nice day and they put me around through how do you like that?
It's special treatment which is good when you're smuggling all those drugs, you know
Because you're bringing any food. I said no just a lot of drugs. He said okay. Go ahead
Next time next time what
I'll give you a list. I'm not yeah
Think I'm out of my mind. I wouldn't I wouldn't even bring back like a little bit of cheese or anything for there
They're very touchy about that now that hoof and mouth and split up your ass stuff. I wasn't gonna ask for cheese. Yeah, I know
Maybe I'll just cut some for you
Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Yeah, he's out in the up pretty good
Uh, I got a few things to ask you about I listen to you every day. I'm a real live breathing person up here in Lake Worth. Oh, right
Grow up into you. Okay. I taught you about five years ago
Because I told you I was a die hard state Louis bluesman for the past 30 years and you said that you hated the blues because of Brett
Yeah, I do and now that he's been gone for about three years
Uh, I said and that's why in fact he's one of the reasons I hate to start. That's right
No, I don't hate the blues anymore in fact who the hell would they play and if they got beat by that
Who did it lose to Colorado? Yeah, I mean they need to I was rooting for the blues in that sense
I mean melon being the whole bit and I yeah melon be played great. He had a real good series
I was very happy for him
But you know the the fact is that Turek I thought played pretty crappy and then they put the kid in her last game
He played good, but
From the beginning of the series. Yeah, Turek really showgrounds. Oh, yeah, yeah anyway, listen about this violent thing
I completely agree with you 100 percent
What you guys do is watch every Friday night at eight o'clock
What is the quote police videos
You see these these just
Come back kids and young adults robbing gas stations on stop. I mean going on tight-speed
Chases it's the whole society that we live in I think you know
We've grown up. It was just you know peace and love and now
Now these kids have no role models
Everything they see on TV. You know about the most dangerous thing that we ever used to do is use to take you know
The little red caps that you blow they used to jump on and blow them up the rail. Isn't that what they call them?
And we used to jump up and down and it sound like firecrackers make a little bit of noise
And that was about the only disruption of the neighborhood that we ever used to do and now it's like you know
They're blowing off firecrackers right under your nose. You're right. I mean when was the last time you saw a kid pull up to a red light in this car
Blasting Led Zeppelin. I mean these kids nowadays
There's not enough basin loves up so no that's what it's all about today
You got to blow out the speakers
You know white. Yeah, they all want to be black exactly
You never have to put the problem that's also like right that's why you got that hip-hop thing right and
This is this is called the revenge of the dark folks. They're getting even with society now
Forget about reparations their way of getting even is by turning their white youth into like the the demon devil
Yeah, I mean whatever happens to four guys with long hair playing rock and roll. Yeah
I mean I grew up on all the classic rock, you know the Iro Smith and D. Purple does not have the black Sabbath all the next stuff
And I never wanted to commit suicide or blow people away right and it's just this whole generation
I mean flip one the Vancouver for not to lost to the Rangers in 94
50,000 white kids rioting and rampaging and going crazy
You know why because everybody cares about violence now
You know this and what about the Lakers they actually won and they was right right
That's right and then Detroit Pistons and and Michael Jordan should and it just it's unbelievable and the other thing I want to talk about is
I love baseball. I grew up like I said in Brooklyn on hockey and baseball
Never cared about football very strange
I guess that's the way I wasn't my father had season tickets to the Rangers in the old garden
And I grew up you know from four or five years old right in the front row with a top tier of the old garden
Washington genre tell and Vic Hatfield
You know you'll bear in the hole right all of that and
How do you feel about hockey nowadays where there are so many head injuries
Concussions I injury it seems that every time somebody goes to
To check somebody they want to injure. Yeah, they have no there no respect for you know the stuff
You know the fact that there was a debate when Marty McSorley did that thing on brochure and hit him in the head
The fact that there was even a debate about that will it was
Just mind blowing to me. I mean how in the world today?
By debate oh, I mean the guys came up from behind and like it like with a baseball bat like if you were walking down
The street and came up to somebody unsuspecting from behind and smashed him as hard as you could with a baseball bat
And they're people debating about well whether this was a criminal act and whether we should be let back in
I mean, it's out of control. They don't respect for each other
It is just unbelievable in an addition of which the game is so watered down now
I got to be honest with you. I have so little interest now
I mean the two teams that are playing in the finals. I know like either one of them right
Jersey's a very very dirty team although they got a lot of great players
But they're a very dirty team and Colorado to me. I mean they got sacking and that's pretty much it and Patrick frog
You know, which I don't like but I just can't really move free the world because I don't like either team
There's just too much expansion to water down. I hear everything else. I just you know, I once again
I'm disappointed with my blues, but you know, I think that maybe like one or two players away
I thought the good truck thing would do it now
They gave it a good shot just like the least gave it a hell of a shot. Yeah, but I mean the meat thread didn't nothing
Yeah, and pronger
I don't you probably don't watch that much baseball but on the game of the week
I think on Saturday afternoon pronger was in St. Louis in the bleachers with his girlfriend
With no shirt and shorts no shoes would just feed up on the scene in front of him hanging out and reporting about to him and
There was a slight little brawl you know between the benches clearing with the car doors and whoever they were playing
Yeah, you know, and he said and he said the reporter. Yeah, but I came to the baseball game in a hockey game broke out
Okay, I have a great day
560560 pound 560 on the 18 team for rise and wireless line
190 votes and Janet is steamrolling over Jeff Bush. Can I use that term steam? Oh, yeah
Certain connotations are coming to mind with that steam roller. She is just a rolling right over
I think I think she might be it she might be the cat to me. Oh, so I'll get a few a Julio's out there
Gonna vote for Jeff big stick and do now to them
Must by the time the election comes up one is it anyways two thousand next year two
Huh, I say forget about her and him. Let's bring back walk and lotten
back the he cool because the cool is their pissed off at the Jeb anyway with all that one
Government whatever the thing was they're hitting like poison and rightfully so and
You know how could the cool sound like the he cool and the she cool
Or maybe we'll bring back Maxine we'll get Maxine waters down here from California run with a lot and we can have the he cool and the she cool
Uh-huh. Sounds good to me. I am a little bit cooler here
Maybe it's just that I need some food. Oh, did you talk to our friends over there? Yeah, thank God
5 6 7 0 5 6 we got 211 votes
Jan Arino as kicking the governor's ass. I'll tell you that right now
135 votes if the election we're being held right now for governor
Jan at 135 Jeb sir 38 neither one of the above 40 of five even is beating him
Hands down his pants. Here's Miami Lakes. Hello
Yes, yes sir. Yes, I'm just kidding my late uncle
And I only told you I'm black man out there so be I totally agree with you. I was totally array
And it was very barbaric and I agree with the call of call it up before
Who said hey? Uh, why do you know the black pepper growl and and act like that? Yeah, I totally agree
I'm a black man, right? And I was with the wasn't exactly like that is great. We we called it having a good time
And unfortunately and that's why we have police out there because the couple of the ticket too far and
Um, and that happens and
And in the world to take it to flop you should don't should be arrested true enough
Um
We just we had a good time at the beach and I was a little friends who came out from other town and we spend the hotel
That was $2,000 a night and um, you know, it was upscale like people but at the same time
We did act a little little crazy, you know
And I thought it would be with you and and it would it would think I would think that you noticed that
I
So I mean you think so be more prepared, you know, you think that they would uh, yeah
You know, they would uh, there should be an alert after the bunch of darkies coming in this weekend
But I mean
I mean, they always tell me we do it myself. I know I am so my wife, hey, you know, it's gonna be a big weekend
You don't want to kids at the beach by the cell or you know, notice their home or hey, there's a kids just have to be a grandma
You know, I mean be prepared. I mean, what do the YB police think? There's gonna be a jungle jam. You better be prepared for it
Exactly, you know, I mean, come on. I mean, it may sound be I mean you guys realize we look at with with everybody else and we're like oh
YB style beach so hey, we're gonna go to Saudi. We you have it in London. We're gonna go to London
We have something big in Paris. We're gonna go in Paris. We're gonna go wherever the big thing is
The Caucasians and the Latin go we're gonna go. Yeah, and we're gonna go the same way you have fun
But I think that's every life or not. Yeah, well, you know, and I actually agree. Yeah, we get out of here
That's why you have police there. You know, they did the people there was upset and it uh, they really was there
Listen, next time you just a little more warning. Okay. Of course, hey, hey, I give you guys my number
I'll keep you guys and also to the call call earlier
All right, this is a simple underground type calling
Yeah, this girl. No, it is we we have a connector underground that let us know what you want to know wherever and if you want to know how
How the other chap is I live know how the chap is or he can keep the cell being in state police all right. All right. Okay
Well, see, I think the confusion was and I'm gonna I guess I have to take part of the responsibility for it
Remember the after the air show I was talking about where they were dropping the watermelons to uh, you know
No, no, seriously. They were like it was
Part of the air show. They were like trying to reenact the thing with dropping bombs during the war
They wonder obviously drop real bombs even dummy bombs so they dropped watermelons in the ocean
It was for a lot of deal beach and I guess the word got out maybe the pipeline got crossed up a little bit
And I must have thought it was like south beach
So I think a lot of folks came in over the weekend looking for them watermelons and uh, got all screwed up
So I take part of the blame as usual. Don't I always take part of the blame?
Sure. Why the hell not? I'm used to it. It's always needles fall
Any crap happens blame that old fat bag. Okay. I'm I'm used to it. I can handle it
And where we dropping the watermelons this weekend
Here's the issue. No, I don't think so
Here's pop it on hello. Yeah, very good. Okay. Please don't drop any watermelons and uh, uh, uh, what man is please? Oh, no
They got enough fruit there already
Anyway, whatever it was for the sake is like you've had to ever call it before
I think it's really the white people's fault because they are wishy-washy
They don't work together. They turn each other and to
Civil vice groups
They do not have any backbone of ours and it's just here black guy come to leave
They they tuck up their houses that property value of drugs everybody runs away
Mm-hmm
Yeah, one fire island right. Yeah, spear trucking and then and passing can I make you a question? Yes, sir anything in life. How about
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor. Okay, that's just in the perfect today. All right. Thank you and have a great day
Okay, do you say you two I can't stand them
What else that thing called white neighbor? I know, but I'm just don't understand. I'm stalling. Oh, yeah, no. That's all right
one
I used
no
far
and
so, very
Yes, yes, yes.
White right here.
Yes, I think you guys are right.
It's all as white folks that keep running and running and running.
Sometimes you have to run and jump high to jump over all that garbage.
Greg was saying that there was just littered and garbage all over the streets and after a toilet is what the beach was like over the weekend.
Is that acceptable to us?
No.
Like to anybody civilized?
No.
How you doing, Julio?
Not just any Julio, but the real Julio from our engineering department.
He's the original.
Oh yeah, he was the Poetry Trail for Julio.
Anyway, it's an even a saffron noon at 5.60 WQM and a very pleasant Wednesday here.
We're busy hating each other as usual.
No, it's not that we hate.
We just try to iron out some of these difficulties.
And I want to thank the dark folks who would do all those terrible things over the weekend because it certainly has been a good fodder for your fodder for your fodder.
Isn't it?
Just like we thank all those toothless old Cubans down there in South Day.
We thank them for feucing.
They forget all the pain out of shape and acting like the sheep that they usually do and goose stepping into line.
You know, it was great.
Alien, babet.
But about, you know, for months and months and months, it was dynamite.
That's what this town thrives on.
So thank you, Betty, Betty much.
Only next time go mess up somebody else's door.
I'm sure that's what some of the business people are thinking about and the gas station over there.
I hope go mess up somebody else's.
Yeah, somebody mentioned to me.
I don't want to say there was Greg that they were just looting and scooping stuff off the shelves.
Now I guess when you have to pay all those big bucks for those fancy hotel rooms,
you've got to see a lot of stuff and they probably peddle out there in the street corners, reparations.
Yeah.
If you're not going to give us reparations, we just can be going to be taken it.
That sounds reasonable to me.
Anyway, now that it's afternoon at QAM, here's a lady in Miami, our first lady of the day.
I believe. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I just want to call in on that black guy that called us you call through.
I want to say that he's a complete idiot because he's making the sound like there's something wrong with black people.
Listen, I'm black and I have self-control and I have common sense.
If he doesn't have common sense with self-control, that's on him.
I was on the beach this weekend and I can tell you I experienced what everyone's talking about.
I was on the bus with some guys. They were from New York.
I'm going to tell you 90% of the people down there, they were from New York.
And they were both, they were from black and Hispanic guys.
And they were both in the body.
Coming to the beach and totally trashing the beach.
Great. You mean like Puerto Ricans, maybe?
Yes, they were.
They were Puerto Ricans.
And they were saying that it reminded them of the Puerto Rican they parade.
That's what they were telling me.
Wow.
And I'm telling you that they came, that's what they came down there for.
And everything is saying it's not racist because I'm black too.
And I know which events to stay away from because I know the kind of crowds that are going to be there.
It's not all black people but I know the kind of crowds.
I know some of the guys.
I know that they're coming there to start trouble and I don't know why.
They just do these things and it just continues to shine a bad light on black people.
I mean, it's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
It's not all black people.
Oh, they're on tonight.
On CBS Backstreet Boys for an hour.
They're met in their last gasp.
I guess.
I guess.
I shouldn't say that.
She'll get upset.
They're you're right.
They're on the way up.
They're you're right.
They're you're right.
They're on the way up.
They're you're right.
They're on the way up.
They're you're right.
They're you're right.
They're you're right.
They're you're right.
They're you're right.
They're you're right.
Like famous people on this Billboard Music Awards,
I'm going to have to do it at number 6 for a week.
I'll do it at number 1 and almost every country in the world.
I just mentioned that bass.
Okay, that's enough.
No one overdo it. Do we want overdo it? No.
God forbid. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
250 votes, Janorino 159, Jeb Bush 42.
Neither one of the above 49.
Jeb ain't be doing too good today. He'd be doing real bad.
Here's your call in Miami. Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm Neil. I had a friend of mine who has a business done in South Beach.
They're not going to mention the business, but one of his employees got punched in the face over the weekend
at the hotel where he works.
Uh-huh.
They also trashed all the rooms.
Then at the Loads hotel, you know, the Loads.
And you know, if you have to know that it was going to be some kind of friction, there's no weight.
People think it's so sad because, you know, our race is like they're with so much of the size of the device.
So the size of the device, the device, the via?
Yeah. The little difference is that, you know, like, you know, skin colors, you know,
when the doctors don't like the light skin.
So, you know, it is a different aspect that, you know, we find against amongst ourselves to break our unity.
You know, what is all of this highfalutin sounding stuff?
What does that have to do with coming down and traction the hood? What is it? What I don't get it?
Okay. That's the thing. It's the New York guy, you know, it's the New York stuff and the New York people.
Yeah. In other words, everybody that was local was, they were there on their best behavior.
It was only the New York crowd that was traction, everything. We're supposed to believe that.
Well, I mean, it's going to be an instigator and then somebody else is there.
Even Robert, Mr. professional apologists, Robert Steinbach and his column in the Heraldis voices, most of those arrested were local people.
Of course, we're going to be the one who gets the cell phone and the phone in the bill. I mean, I see.
Yeah, the, the, the, the, the, the, the cops must have had a, some kind of a radar detector so that they, you know, they knew whether the people were local or from the
New York before they arrested them. No, we were okay. The people coming to your own town and, you know, decided they're going to do something like that.
Of course, the natives are going to be more restless and restless. Yeah. Yeah.
Residents tend to be more, you know, we're in this.
Robert, Robert, have a nice life, pal. Good luck. Yeah.
I never heard so many lame, goddamn excuses for barbaric, grotesque, unacceptable social behavior in my life.
Restless, all the, all of these things, you know, the power crap, man, power crap.
Go take a look at the mirror. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Many open lines now, all of a sudden, just like yesterday. We managed for a couple hours yesterday, pretty, and then they kind of like ran out of gas.
Maybe they're getting lunch too. Maybe they're getting a couple of burritos.
Because like I told you before, the show today, crack cocaine is, you know, part of certain cultures.
Just like burritos and tacos are part of certain other cultures, you know?
I don't want to point any accusing fingers or anything like that, but I think I may have my thumb on something right there.
It could be wrong, but I don't think so. I've seen it.
Here's the mobile in Parkland. Hello.
Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, sir.
Hey, you were talking a few minutes ago about President Gump.
The answer is the Democrats were always afraid with Clinton that he would open his zipper.
And the Republicans are afraid that he's going to open his mouth.
Gump that will open his mouth.
Also, Robert Steinbach is in fact a professional schwarza.
Yes, he is. And a good part of the problem with black people is the fact that when black people...
Not that we want to generalize, but go ahead.
Correct. When they act in a civilized manner in the presence of their more ghettoized brethren,
they are accused of charming or acting white.
Right.
And this goes on to even when they speak properly.
They are accused of charming and acting white.
And this is where the problem is because there are good many black people who want to be accepted in society and act in the manner in which they should act.
However, when they get around there, as I say, ghettoized brethren, they have to dumb down or perhaps you could say,
couping themselves down in order to coexist with these ghettoized vermin.
Also, I was listening to a show yesterday. I didn't get a chance to call in and you were talking about the movie Pearl Harbor.
Yeah. What a piece of garbage.
Really?
Oh my God, it is a soap opera.
Because Joe Costello came in right at the end of the show. I don't know if we were still on the ear. He said it was great.
Well, I thought it was a surprise we haven't heard some of the other things that showed sense.
At any rate, at any rate, it is a piece of garbage. It is a soap opera that has used Pearl Harbor as a marketing device to get people into the theater.
No, I'm telling you that I'm not exaggerating. Not only are they marketing it here, but all over the world.
Because over Amsterdam, in my place, I have a satellite dish. And they were running promos for this thing and ads.
I mean, every damn channel, even on a goddamn cooking channel, is just about everything you could imagine. They were just typing the hell out of this thing.
It is absolutely shameful what they are doing because they are using the suffering and the dead bodies and the heroism of these brave men who served our country so gallantly in order to hype their lousy piece of trash movie.
And with those, we like the world.
Okay, thank you so much. So he liked it.
Not. Joe said it was very good. He said Josh Hart and was running around with his shirt off during the whole movie.
So I think I'll probably see it 20 or 30 times.
Well, that's wrong with that.
Huh? Good enough reason to go see a movie.
And he said it was a very good act, too, which he is.
Now, what's that movie I saw him in? How, which I always spot these people way ahead of the rest of the crowd.
I always have my thumb on it. Halloween, 20 or whatever that was with the Jamie Lee Curtis.
First of all, I was talking about that month.
Yeah, I don't know which one though, which Halloween it was like the 20th reunion of it.
And he was the son and the Holy Ghost and etc.
Jamie Lee Curtis speaking to me with maybe she could run the same ticket with Janet Reno.
She's a little less shaky.
Well, how about we get sister Jean?
Janet Reno and sister Jean, she can be the lieutenant governor.
There's a balanced ticket.
Yeah, she can be a whole different.
And I can just imagine what she's got there, too, you know what I'm saying?
Oh, man.
I've ever seen six or jeans.
560, 7.0560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
A little bit in a coherent today, but that's okay.
It's middle of the summertime.
At least we're not talking about John Bulls getting fired.
I don't want to start telling any sports people.
I realize it's big news.
They're all indignant and pissed off.
But Jesus Christ already, okay?
Okay, it's a nice guy.
I never saw a freight train did a pretty damn good job.
And yada yada yada.
But it's all over with.
Nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
Don't you people get it?
I've never seen such a collective group of oblivious people.
Seriously, they just don't want to get the message.
Nobody cares.
And I apologize for mentioning Dave Van Boring or whether hell is named as.
I mean, he is terminal.
It's got a great voice, but boy, he sure don't know how to use it.
Terminal.
Makes Jesus McDonald sound coherent by comparison.
He just in a coma.
Come on, Dave.
Somebody kick him in the ass a little bit.
Wake him up.
See if he's got a pulse.
I think too many years in Montreal, eh?
26 after you're an unit, 5-6.
That dyke show.
And I'm talking about music video.
Here's Miami Beach, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you know, I'm originally from Detroit.
And I hear these people talking about all this race stuff.
I just want to say something.
I think that, you know, if these people want to be equal, they ought to be equal.
I mean, I used to get guys coming into my shop applying for jobs with a pan thing and down to their angle.
Yeah.
You know, let me ask you, can I have a job?
And I would say, you know, do you have a pen to fill out?
And they wouldn't even bring a pen with them.
And I used to think-
Well, let me hold your pen.
Let me hold your pen.
Well, I just don't understand what I'm saying.
Get it away.
Well, I can't get-
If they want to be social, why don't they be social?
I mean, you know, I don't think an athlete could-
The culture was wearing your pants around your ankles and, you know, and talking that talk and walking that walk.
What does that have to do with-
Where did that walk come from, by the way?
Do you think Steppenfetch had started that or that started to jungle?
Where did that whole walk come from?
Well, I saw a show on fine evolution and they said that there's a least of all.
I think they're the closest thing to-
Okay, great. Well, listen, I'll see you in Detroit on call street.
56670560, move!
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Live.
Man, he must have just been a loser at track.
You think so?
Maybe you have to track.
Maybe a DRC before closed down.
Maybe Hazel Park.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, New York, how's it going?
All right.
Hey, look, I was just trying to say that a lot of your colleagues were calling you talking about black people.
How they're the ones causing all the problems and stuff.
You know, and they just weren't interested that happened.
They weren't crazy one day just having fun in a party.
You know, why people do the same thing?
I was in Las Vegas last New Year's Eve, I was seeing all the crazy crags going on.
Crazy and doing all crazy things.
No, no, wait a minute.
You didn't see anybody looting the stores in Las Vegas.
Well, I saw people crapping on each other.
They were crapping on each other?
Yeah.
Wow.
You know, it's just every way you can do it.
We're all the same.
We're all the crazy things together.
We all have to take a crap.
All right.
Okay. Well, listen, have a great day, pal.
I wish you would have saved that for when I go away for the summer.
When the college George backed about three weeks, when I go away for the summer,
talk about people crapping on each other in Las Vegas.
And then, uh, many balcony cars.
What are you talking about crapping on each other, Greg?
Yeah.
I mean, eating ass is, uh, that's old news now.
That's, that's pass.
We've, uh, transcended beyond that.
And by we, we mean you.
We did not say any of those things, nor did any collar.
This guy was just talking about people crapping on each other all day.
Yeah.
He was.
That's what I mean by we.
You us him them.
They.
All of these things.
That was Neil.
Neil didn't do it.
Neil's not even here.
He's on tape.
This is a tape, by the way.
Pretty good scam, don't you think?
Uh-huh.
He deals with Amsterdam.
Run in a scam.
I taped this weeks before I left.
Because I knew that all this crap was going to go down.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Um, I'm a black guy.
Uh-huh.
I was actually on stop.
Be chopping off a client in one of the posture hotels on South Beach.
Right.
And I'm sitting putting my client in there or checking my client in.
And we go to the hotel room.
Before I can get out of the hotel room.
It was quite a commotion out all the way with two guys talking about how they're going to kill each other over $1,700 or whatever it was.
Uh-huh.
It was the most embarrassing situation for me that I've ever, ever experienced with one.
A very, very big client.
And staying at a hotel for $320 a night.
Yeah.
You know, I'm not going to make any excuses for anybody.
I don't care if they're black, white, whatever.
But it's specifically black people.
I am sick and tired of making excuses.
Or hearing excuses about black people and their ignorance.
They're just plain, oh, freaking ignorant.
And it's just me, because you can't tell them anything.
And if you haven't hit up convention or any kind of convention anywhere that a lot of black people are, you know, involved in.
I don't think it's an excuse from the me stupid.
You know, and if I were to hotel and I was thinking to myself, you know, if I were to hotel owner manager or anybody that worked there,
it would definitely be something for me to say, I don't care who the hell you are, we have the right to refuse you in the hotel.
And in a main sound racist, but the fact of the matter is until people start realizing that just because you're black,
it doesn't give you an excuse to be stupid.
And I'm really sick of it.
I mean, this has been going on and on and on.
I mean, almost every walk of a job or situation and black, especially black Miami.
You know, it's embarrassing and quite frankly, I'm sick of it and I'm sick of making excuses or hearing people saying, what is just our culture.
Yeah.
That's not our culture.
You know, I mean, we're part of a large culture of American culture.
Okay.
Nothing to do with African Americans or Africa.
There's nothing to do with being, you know, I grew up in an inner city.
It's stupid excuse and anybody that's black out there, that's listening to it.
If they're gonna stop about it, then get a little bit more educated and a little bit more socially conscious.
Amen.
Well said, thanks pal.
See, every group gets their, you know, they get real bent out of shape when somebody starts talking about it.
I understand when you generalize people have a right, maybe to get upset.
But it's the same thing with Jews or with Gays or with any other group.
I mean, I can't imagine how many times do I talk about the gay rights parades that they have and all the mincing and screaming queens and how embarrassing that is to me and how degrading.
And the same thing with the Orthodox Jews and their behavior.
But there's just something about, I mean, this last guy, he was sensational.
We should have like thousands of calls like that from other black people who are equally offended by the behavior of some of their folks because they're, it comes down on their head.
Just like the behavior of the, the super Orthodox Jews, the intolerant.
And this is where big a tree comes from.
The behavior of a few and right away has projected to everybody in that group.
Oh, look at this. I'm gonna actually eat this with a fork with a real fork.
Beautiful. Thanks a lot, Ira, from Atlantic City Sub's where Ira makes the difference in the bread too and Hollywood.
I'm sure it's in the street.
Yeah, we better start getting better, better plugs like like Yeldie was doing this morning.
I mean, suckin' heavy duty.
We could do a half hour.
He was, and he was sucking Mark Eisenberg's ass right there on the air.
It was in Paris for him, Yeldie.
And we're all always getting in trouble for that.
For what?
Sucking Mark Eisenberg's ass?
Oh, that's right.
Where the ones always getting the cue?
Hey, Greg, they were done.
It's not only talkin' about ass, they were sucking ass right there on a worst thing this morning.
Talk about desperate for some numbers.
Could it be real interesting tomorrow when we see those numbers come out?
In fact, I want to find out this afternoon.
That friends comin' out to 2.30.
I want to find out exactly what's going on.
Because I want to keep them under toes.
I don't want Joe Rose speaking to keep them on his toes.
I don't want Joe Rose finding any more scapegoats for his failures.
Just this year alone, it's only the end of May.
And just this year alone, you know how many producers Joe Rose's had canned?
And beyond, yeah.
Here's a lady mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'm a black female here in Miami.
And I was listening to your last caller and I agree with him 100%.
But the problem that we have here in the black community is that there's a lot of us here that are educated.
But there's a large group that you can dress up but you just can't take them anywhere.
You know what I'm sayin'?
All right, I know exactly what you'd be sayin'.
So as far as hip hop communities concerned, a lot of the music is pretty good.
Some of it is low degrading as far as females are concerned.
But you know, you have these people that come from low income class communities, make good music,
give them some money, rest them up, and then they still act ignorant.
So I think they just spend some of that money and educate themselves.
What do you think about that?
Well said.
All right, take care.
You can take that.
Yeah, I sure does.
And guess what?
They forgot the friggin' cheese.
And I don't want to start making a big sound and dance about it for more than like an hour.
Like between now and two for more than like an hour and a quarter.
About Atlantic City substance forgot to cheese.
Seriously, how do you make a Philly cheese steak?
I guarantee you, never go to Philadelphia or like to a Jersey to cheer you here on the right place in that area.
And say, hey, I'll have a Philly steak, a cheese steak, and get a sandwich with no cheese on it.
Well, don't you dump it, I'll have them bring another one.
He's not gonna do that?
Sure he will.
Well, that's that I even I'm not that's embarrassing.
Wouldn't that be embarrassing to do that?
Make him come all the way back.
He looks so depressed as it was.
He didn't look too happy to be here.
He didn't.
He looked very depressed today.
Now, as we're gonna be depressed because I'm ripping them and I asked, it is very good.
But it would be hell of a lot better if it had the cheese on it.
I mean, it's like, you know, like tasteless.
The cheese is the whole thing.
It would be like getting a hot-fudge Sunday with no fudge or a whipped cream or cherry on it.
I should call.
Or like in Grace case, and you know, no nuts.
Now, call him up and see what he says before I eat another bite.
Call him up and bitch him out.
Say, what else wrong with you people over there?
Or even all this free advertising, you have about about three crappy spots there because Neil and Beresley
and that one holiday about a year ago.
I mean, not that we don't appreciate their good food.
It's a great place.
Their food is very good.
We don't have to see Scott anymore, which makes me very happy with that olives hood.
All those hood that crappy his little phoney-beloney line is.
I don't want to see him.
Man, what an ass sucker he is.
Everything good?
Everything good?
Yeah, everything's good. Go away, Scott.
You know, and everything's not good because there's no cheese on my sandwich, you idiot.
Seriously, it's a good thing they don't make pizzas over there.
They'd be selling pizzas with no dough.
Here's Pemberpine.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
Hey, I listen to you every day.
My first time caller, I just called about the poll.
I would vote for Janet Reno over Bush.
Okay.
And now, wait, those last two calls were very intelligent.
Yes, sir.
Okay. Well, nothing's perfect.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Other than that, yes.
Is the rest of it okay?
I was in that direction.
It's fine, but it makes like asking me as the sauce and the cheese good, whether they'll crushed on a pizza, you know?
It makes it a little bit unusual.
Shot can, that one.
Another one is coming.
That is ashamed to throw this story is.
What is the word worth?
That they melt the cheese and mix it all together while it's frying.
So it's actually in there, but you can't see it.
But they're going to make another one with so many things.
I have news for you.
There is no cheese in the sandwich.
Okay.
I'll bet you a lot of goddamn money.
Somebody else is, that there is no cheese in the sandwich.
There I'm telling you.
We'll stop eating it.
A new one's coming.
No, but I mean, am I some kind of a moron?
I mean, maybe an idiot, but I'm not that stupid.
Can I take a clue to your teller in addition to which, if they did do that, and they like, they viscerated the cheese.
You know, should I like that word?
Yeah.
Is that the one that's biggest the word that one caller was using that didn't make any?
Right.
Exactly.
If they made the cheese like disappear or vanish because they cooked it so thoroughly, then what's the point?
You see what I'm saying?
It would be like if you cooked a pizza and you cooked it so long and all the sauce like a disabbed evaporated.
A new one is on its way.
Good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Why is this shame to waste all that?
Could take it home to the dogs.
Why didn't do that?
It's still on the wrapper there.
How the dogs would like it?
A lot.
Very good.
Take it back out.
There you go.
Hey, they're not going to know there was in a waste basket.
With all that crap, you could tell.
Yeah.
And they'll still bag their tail and just suck it right up.
Here's a mubbel in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
All right.
I want to be the criss-cross right now.
Every time I turn around, I move to black people.
I'm a first of all, I'm a black person.
Uh-huh.
You know, black and then black.
First of all, every time black people get together, which I may agree that we do get a little
wild and crazy and we do get come together and bunches.
Uh-huh.
But it turns not into the orange of the main.
It turns not out the soul of you together.
It turns not into the new happen of crazy.
Uh-huh.
What's the problem?
I mean, they don't say no to white kids, one of the schools, you know what I mean?
Why, they don't say anything about that, then.
How would you know about it if nobody said anything about it?
Wow.
I'm sorry.
Ah, yeah.
Go away.
Just go away.
Don't go away, Mag.
Just go away.
I'm in a business of trying to salvage your lunch here today.
I'm going to waste my time talking to you but that crap.
They don't say anything when white kids are shooting.
I mean, where is your brain?
So do you have a mirror in a house?
So you're living like with Bella Legosi.
If you have a mirror in a house, go look in a mirror and take a look at yourself.
Okay, and examine your brain if you can find one.
Any other crap like that.
You're not talking to some fool here, okay?
You're talking to a guy who's been around the block a few times.
Stop making excuses.
Stop making comparisons.
Just take a look at what went on here and look at what keeps going on over and over again.
And start being just as nauseated by it as any other civilized, decent human being.
And this crap with Robert Steinbach about, well, they can afford to pay.
You know what it reminds me of?
It's like some of the athletes and some of the big movie stars.
You know, they go and they rent both the fancy, fancy hotel rooms and then they trash
the room, you know?
And I'm sure that the hotel owners, no matter how much insurance they've got, when
they're all a sudden done, they would have much rather rented some schlepper out there,
where they'd steal the money to rent the room than a sub big hotshot movie star.
So we remain very unimpressed, Robert Steinbach, that these barbarians who came in and tore
up the beach over the weekend, that they had enough money to buy these fancy, fancy hotel
rooms.
Big stinking deal.
Yeah, I mean, this is a man who could rationalize away anything.
So you can't complain about his credibility because he ain't gotten on.
5'6'7'0560, pound 5'60 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Pierce.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Am I your first female college today?
A second or third.
Oh, listen, I'm on my way out of Miami.
Thank God to go hang out with some living and breathing people.
Oh, right.
But I wanted to, one thing you forgot to mention, although it's not a gathering on a very
good scale, the Goomba Festival and the Grover World I live.
The Goomba Festival, yeah.
Every year they have several shootings and stabbings and robberies.
And I just thought I'd mention that.
Oh, huh.
Yeah, we mentioned that yesterday.
Oh, sorry.
That's OK.
I have a bye.
Thanks.
He's out of here.
5'6'7'0560, pound 5'60 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line.
I still want to know how come nobody got shot at the air show?
Nobody got shot at Kyotro.
Not coming in.
I haven't had any Holyo's calling in refuting that comment.
It's probably because it's true.
There's a busy grab.
It's something.
No, too busy grabbing ass.
Probably their own.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, near.
Yes, sir.
What was all these white people doing with hanging curbs
on over there on the beach other day?
What were they doing?
What?
The police was putting the hanging curbs in white people.
What was they doing?
Nothing.
Beats me.
And I heard you say this morning that we call you Krayaka and Kraya.
Kraya, I'm all ahead of you, near.
Yeah.
No, it wouldn't be.
This is Debbie.
Hello, Debbie.
I'm interested in going through operations done.
OK.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering if you get some tummy talk.
And lip augmentation, cosmetic duplex surgery,
face theft, all of these things.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering.
Boy, let me tell you what.
Well, I need to get everything done.
And probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
OK, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants, though?
Uh, it can't be done, but I know how they would do right away.
It was the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction.
Well, the teacher was being a bitch.
Yeah.
And the kids passed bus time.
So all these kids missed the bus.
They're like milling about most parents.
You know, they either have a single parent or working parents, both parents work.
And our kid was the only kid with a ride home.
So, uh, you know, mommy had to play bus service for the other kids.
And if she hadn't been around with a car,
they would have just been milling about till six of it o'clock in the evening.
Really?
Yeah.
With no way to call her.
It's a really grossly responsible crack.
It's going on all the time.
It just so happened to us yesterday.
We better get busy.
We'll realize y'all know all the problems in the world that we better get busy somewhere.
Better call up Mike Siegel.
Start solving all these damn problems.
We're going to solve this racial problem today by two o'clock.
Then tomorrow we're going to work on that problem with the schools, shove it all the kids out
on the street.
Then on Friday, we're going to solve the problems of the legal and medical professions.
So by the end of the week, we can be, uh, and then next week we'll solve this damn gas problem.
I mean, these are like 11 and 12 year old kids.
Energy problem, all these gas prices.
Problem out there with gay, a great Davis in California, the energy.
We're going to solve all these problems in the next two weeks.
Always cracks me up like that.
And his intentions were good.
That young black guy that called about we got to do this.
We got to do that.
You're not going to change human nature on a radio talk show pal.
It's a talk show.
We're sitting here flapping our gums.
That's all.
Bapapapapa.
You know, talk is cheap.
But as long as you have assholes like Robert Steinbach making excuses for this
and writing this anxious crap in what's supposed to be a responsible major daily newspaper,
just because a bunch of people had enough money to go into a fancy, fancy hotel,
big stink of deal.
Does that give them the entitlement to run them on and loot today in neighborhood
and steal a bunch of crap and screw up people's businesses and then turn the whole area into
an outdoor toilet, an outdoor trash can.
I don't see any of that in the article by the way here.
Jackass.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
OK.
You know, I was out there on, on Sunday night.
Well, it sounds like a little town was out there, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I was out there.
When I noticed it was, it wasn't the local.
It was, it was all these guys were like, you know, I went, got some North Carolina.
How do you know that?
Yeah, because they were here for that basketball game with Jay Z and all these,
I know, living soldiers and all those characters out there.
It was those dudes out here, you know, making the look look bad, you know.
But I had one out there, you know, it was pandemonium, but you know, everybody had one.
But it wasn't, it wasn't the local telling you.
The Roberts time back must have been wrong in the article when he says most of those arrested
were local people.
Well, I'm not going to just made that up or maybe the cops just made that up.
No, it's just my observation from what I've seen.
Yeah.
When you better start checking Roberts licenses next time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound fights.
Amazing.
And they must have radar over, you know, I mean, I could understand when you're doing that.
You're talking to somebody, you know, where you're from, yeah, et cetera.
I'm not from New York, but just seeing a whole bunch of people milling around and then suddenly
knowing well, these were over here, they're from Jersey.
And this is the, they're from the Bronx, this crowd over here walking.
I guess you know that.
That was a bad example.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Yeah, Jordan is going to be doing a series of shows about Puerto Ricans next time I go on vacation here
in about three and a half weeks.
In fact, he's going to be doing a whole summer on Puerto Ricans eating ass, which ought to be pretty interesting.
Hey, Greg, he's talking about Puerto Ricans ass.
I wonder what Tide Lauderdale thinks about that.
Here's a mobile and four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Yes, sir.
You traveled extensively initially and we're planning a trip to Venice and Naples and Rome and Florence.
They come, the Venice is not the cleanest city in the world.
Do you have any opinion?
Never been to Venice or Naples and I wouldn't go to either one of Venice.
They got the canals.
They say they're not as bad as they were, but they stink.
And Naples is for Schleppers.
Naples is overrun with the poverty and gypsies and why would you want to go there?
I guess it's all part of the cruise.
Oh, I see.
Can I give you my opinion on this rate thing?
Sure.
You know, most of it has to do, of course, with family dysfunctional families.
A lot of it has to do with economic problems.
A lot of it has to do with education.
And I think that it's hard to paint a pig brush over everybody and there's always good and bad in every group.
But I think that it applies equally to white or black or red or any other color.
And then these three things apply. You can have crime problems.
Well, families don't care about each other.
Then usually the kids turn to gangs and other things that cause a lot of crime.
What do you think about that?
Well, I mean, I see you get to make excuses for people, but you know, people have to be responsible for their own behavior.
We talk about that every day on this program is that this is a country where nobody wants to be responsible.
It's always the parents fault or somebody else's fault.
When do people have to be held accountable?
We're not talking about little children. We're talking about people who are old enough to be considered adults, at least under the law.
I agree with you 100 percent on that. People have to be held responsible.
If society has been ridiculous, claiming everybody else for what they have to do.
I mean, if you want a business and I come in with a bunch of my buddies and we trash your business and we loot and we turn it into a toilet and we cost you thousands of dollars.
You don't want to hear a story about my upbringing and a whole song and a dance.
No, I don't.
I were already with that sandwich.
Now, see, you examined that thing. I don't know how this is a defensive business.
Why can't they just say we made a mistake?
They're very nice people. We appreciate all the food. They got great stuff.
We brought them a billion dollars with the business. Yadi, yadi, yadi.
But they made a mistake. They screwed up. They have to.
I was doubtful, but I examined.
And I hate it really.
Yeah, my dogs are going to eat that. I don't really care whether your nose is it or not.
He searched and he scoured it. Was there any cheese in there?
No.
Absolutely not.
I couldn't even smell any cheese.
No.
Believe me, you can smell cheese.
Anybody with as much force in his Georgia scene?
He's a nose.
He only think one.
Oh, good. I've seen plenty.
No cheese though. Of course, I haven't been back to Spain yet.
It's a 109 and 560.
I'm with me.
Oh, he didn't say Bob Sag, didn't he? Because every time I hear that name, I think that damn Sag, I just can't stand him.
113 to 560, WQM.
Now, what is this if I need more info?
And it's a whole bunch of hockey tapes.
Old games that I would love to, but it doesn't have any information on it.
CK and CFNK.
I better watch myself.
It's got all these again, but it doesn't say where you get them.
It's got a phone number here. Okay. I guess we'll find out.
Anybody care about that?
No.
Anybody care about Dave Van Boring of the...
No.
Okay.
See, they just don't care, guys.
Everybody has to have something to talk about to fill up four hours every day, but they don't give a crap about the Marlins, about John Bulls, about Dave Van Boring, about any of these things.
They don't care.
That's why they're not showing up.
There is no interest except for the same 10 people you keep talking to every day for 20 hours a day.
You get it?
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami Lakes. Hello?
Yes, sir. I'm calling in about the chaos on the beach this week now.
Yes, sir.
Mostly everybody that was arrested was from New York, Atlanta, or D.C.
And the thing about them staying in the highest-crite hotels like I can't say the same.
But we went and did tweets through the hallways after running everybody out there wasn't in the hotel room.
We weren't guessing of the hotels.
And we were going through and knocking on doors and there was 10-12 people in the room.
That's how they were able to afford 300-bottom a night hotel when they had to spend $10.
Yeah, 25 bucks is locked in from 300.
Exactly. So that's what was going on this weekend.
But most everybody that was arrested was out of town. There's not a lot of locals work.
Well, I guess Robert Steinback got his info wrong because he quotes the assistant chief of police, Donald Olukas,
saying that most of those arrested were local people.
Yeah. We were in the trenches and most of all the IDs taken and drug life was taken from New York.
Everybody that we stopped the correct traffic violation to obstruction of traffic,
beating on sidewalks, drinking in public, everybody had new York IDs pretty good.
Excellent. I said the answer is put them all on a bus and then back to New York.
Yeah. Okay. Thanks.
Good. Good.
Did he mention he was a cop on the area?
Do you have to? Okay.
Well, why did he have to be the thing he made it pretty obvious?
It's just like looking for that cheese, you know.
560-705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T.
See, now I'm probably being a prick and I'm sure that the audience, not that I really give a crap what they think anyway
because that would be something new and unique for me to start worrying about what the audience thinks which I don't.
But, you know, I mean, I do the wrong thing by having them come back.
That was your idea, by the way. It was not my idea.
I want to go on records making sure you understand what George's idea.
To call back at Atlantic City Sub's and make sure that I were came back to send somebody with another sandwich.
I was willing to like pick at that thing, you know.
And sit here in Pelic about it for another round and half a check. I guess they didn't want me to do.
I mean, it's for free for quite a lot.
I've talked a bit and I'm grateful, cheaped you a son of a bitch with all the money that I'm making and I'm sitting here and making them come all the way back.
That's pretty nasty even for me, isn't it?
I don't care.
And I don't care what you think.
You know, I want to write, you know.
If you're going to bring me something, don't bring me something half-assed.
And then expecting to see you were like, oh yeah, this was really great, you know.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not a suck-up like Gildi. I'm not that hard up for free food.
Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil, forgive me because I just tuned in a little bit ago.
That's okay, you're forgiven.
I'll write on the subject a couple of years ago, more than five years ago, I think.
Now, there used to be a festival, a yearly event that might be to allow to come put on by a promoter called Peter Thompson's.
How can I be down?
It was an urban festival, kind of like what this was.
But they discontinued allowing it, given it permitting it, because it just brought people to the wrong environment.
Similar to what happened this weekend, I mean, it was a yearly thing, you know.
Even though the hotels and the clubs benefited monetarily, you know, when everybody left town,
it was the place looked like crap, you know, and it was beat up.
So they made the mistake of number one is they dropped the club age from 18 and over.
Today, you got all these little urban kids, kids in the hip hop in the rap, with their baggy jeans.
They've got nowhere to go.
So all weekday engine, here comes the summer.
And all of a sudden, this event comes to town drawing big names, you know, artists and entertainers and all kinds of things like that.
And they can come and cruise around.
What did they expect?
Did the city honestly think that they could just, you know, allow this to come back again because it's a week summer,
because the hotels are drying up there?
Yeah, well, I was trying to cover the rest pretty good right now, the city.
But it's obvious that they had very, you know, they were coolest.
They didn't do anywhere near the amount of planning that they should have.
They were totally unprepared and they really screwed up big time.
If they were going to have all of these things go out at the same time, they should have had just enough common sense to realize they were going to need a lot more preparation than they gave and a lot more manpower.
Well, thanks for letting me comment.
Okay, have a great day.
Ciao.
Good scenes.
Oh, and speaking of that, just to show that I'm not a hard-ass racist son of a bitch,
okay, then this idea of cultural attitudes, it's like I keep telling you about the Dutch people.
And as much as I love Holland, I love Amsterdam and I have a great time over there and it's a wonderful place and socially very progressive and in other ways very backward.
But I love it.
But remember what I talked about, how rude the people are there, like you get on the tram or you're on a train and they elbow me.
And my friend John calls it their concept of personal space.
And you know what I say when he every time he says that, balschmet, that's what I say to that.
It's got nothing to do with the concept of personal space.
It has to do with being rude, inconsiderate, it has to do with a cultural flaw.
Nobody's perfect, including me even, I mean, look at me, I'm asking for another free sandwich.
But seriously, it's a cultural thing that's very offensive and unacceptable.
I mean, you just have to tolerate it.
You know, I'm not going to change it.
But they're rude.
In fact, I'll tell you something, the older Dutchman, I say like 45 plus, I don't see too much of them from them and hangry Kimmler.
They're like Nazis to me.
But of course I'm not hanging out with too many old Dutchmen.
Thank God.
Not too many.
Not any.
Except my landlord, I can't help that.
Is the Nazi?
The one that spent a half hour talking about the Jews.
Ah, the Jews are that.
You know, it's good anyway.
He's okay for a Dutchman.
56670560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
But the fact of the matter is that this business of well, we're just going to do our thing and you're going to put up with a bull crap.
Stop making excuses for those people in your midst, for the guerrillas in your midst.
Stop making excuses for Christ's sakes.
This baloney about well, we got to get along and we got to get well, well, there's a good way. Stop making excuses.
If all decent civilized people get together and point the finger and say, hey, guess what?
This is no way for people to behave.
Then that's the beginning anyway.
As opposed to sitting in your arguing about it is if there's some debate over whether people come in and loot and turn and place into a toilet and that's acceptable or not.
The answer is no, it's not.
Here's Boka. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how are you?
Great.
Great.
I'm hungry.
I mean, that's terrible by your sandwich.
Can you believe that no cheese on a cheese steak sandwich?
Unbelievable.
I mean, what kind of a bozo would do that?
And then pretend that it was in there melted somewhere, you know?
The biggest problem, Neil, I've been to just getting to the festival, the thing that if we had a society or not even a whole one type of society,
with the right people, you can have a whole bunch of people in an area without having infinite things.
You don't need the other guy trying to make excuses for a while, the city should have been purified.
Well, let me say it again.
There were two to three million people at the air show just two weekends before and for Lauderdale.
You know as well as I do that the strip of beach and there's Aero with my sandwich.
Nice going Aero.
What a guy is and he's all embarrassed and ready to face.
Yeah, bring it on in Aero.
In fact, I want to inspect it this time to make sure the cheese is on there.
How come we didn't have any of this at the air show with all of them and I look at all the young people that were there?
Exactly.
One of the points I've been to seven dead shows and probably about 12 fish shows.
And you know the criteria that goes along with that crowd.
People set up tens, people sleep on rest stops.
Oh, that's okay Aero.
You don't have to want to kiss.
That's okay.
Go ahead, sir.
But what I'm saying is you don't have out of control people.
You have a bunch of people that are in there about music and about real music.
Not as a hip-hop kind of culture that keeps going on.
Yeah, again, Christophe.
And the other guy that says he doesn't want to point a finger at black people.
Well, I don't know what neighbor makes.
I see the cheese.
I don't know what he grew up in.
Yeah.
But you know, I was born on Miami and I'm out of there because it's just, it's a pit.
It's a toilet.
It's a toilet.
So anyway, it's just our attitude.
Everybody would just take a little responsibility.
Get on the right tune and stop, you know, blaming everybody else and just, you know, can we all just get along together?
Amen.
Well said.
Sounds good.
Not going to have, but it sounds great.
In closing, have a great day.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Thanks to Ira, I came back here all red face of polygetic and shaking my hand.
Look at all the goddamn cheesy put on this thing.
Oh, wait too much.
Ha ha ha ha.
You're up fast.
Ha ha ha ha.
It looks nice and springy and gooey.
Oh my God.
Wow.
That's really good.
See, that's the way I feel it.
Of course, don't you have an affiliate cheese steak.
Don't you have cheddar cheese on it?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 6, 8, 8, 8, and 10, and Verizon Wireless Line.
I mean, this is like mozzarella cheese.
What kind of cheese do you have on an affiliate cheese steak?
Cheddar.
Cheddar.
This is mozzarella.
Oh well.
I'm not that I want another sandwich.
Here's a call from Weston.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Two quick comments I'd like to make.
I lived in beautiful Weston and I had to get in the tidy bowl boat and head on down to Miami today.
Yeah.
It's all like tidy bowl man.
And I saw the most bizarre occurrence on the Palmetto Expressway I've ever seen.
You know when you're driving along, totally speeding.
And you notice a cop is getting on to the exit and everyone slamming their brakes on.
I'm driving in the middle lane.
This guy in a Kawasaki Ninja's next to me.
The cop kind of eases on for the road.
We're all kind of going together.
55.
The guy in the Ninja red lines his bike.
Takes off.
The guy had to be doing 150.
I look over at the cop who is this black lady and she's smiling.
Didn't she?
She's saying something.
I'm telling you the guy must have been doing 150.
I guess she wasn't going to be doing anything.
Weaving in and out.
Yeah.
And another thing I was in Tampa recently and I was listening to the radio over there at the FM.
And on the rock station they kept playing songs and they kept playing the shot word.
I heard like three songs where the words shot in Tampa.
In Tampa.
How do you like that?
I'm telling you he even take one in Tampa.
I don't know if they said that they played here where they all used to playing out the word.
The word was flying over there.
And there was another song where they said both shot too.
Huh?
Right on the radio.
I'll be down.
Can you play something for me?
What's that?
The big black band car alarm.
Okay.
Love you Neil.
Have a great life here.
Yeah.
Well I told you that Tampa is a foolish man tonight and I was right.
You know what?
I'm not a glasser you used to say.
What the hell?
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
Any?
No.
Well like I said I mean generally expect to have cheddar cheese on a filly cheese steak sandwich.
But before the end of the day because this will do you know for today.
Maybe they ran out of cheddar and that's what this is all about.
Do you think?
I don't know.
I'm just making excuses.
Oh.
Don't be making excuses for him.
You see how embarrassed he was?
How mortified he was?
Yeah.
I don't take it personally.
We love you Ira.
This is for Scott.
This is payback for Scott.
Everything good?
No it's not Scott.
No cheese.
The wrong kind of cheese.
I guess maybe tomorrow we'll get one with cheddar cheese on it.
Like a real filly tasty.
See this is the problem here.
Like most of the food down here is airzots.
You know the the the regional foods that they have here.
Airzots except of course for the white hot from the Arnold's.
And then the other place up there that burned down that was always looking for free spots.
26 after 1 at 560 WQ and I did the wrong spot by the way.
The previous break which you were oblivious because you know it doesn't really make any difference
as long as we get them all in here.
After you're in a clock back and go back this week and I wasn't even in talent till Sunday afternoon.
Of course not.
You run away from it.
Well what does that mean I run away from it?
You won't explore it.
Why don't you go down there for a night and have a look?
Are you listening to anything that I'm telling you or not?
I listen.
Why are you talking?
Are you talking?
I am listening but I'm responding to what you said.
Are you telling me that all these people who have called in
and all the people who have been on the news last 3 or 4 days
that they're all making these things up?
I didn't say that did I?
What are you saying?
I think it happened.
If it wasn't as bad as some people portrayed.
Well how bad is it have to be before it's bad?
What is bad?
What is good?
I don't know.
It's subjective.
You're telling me in your opinion it wasn't so bad.
Everybody else, most other people are saying it was pretty damn bad.
I drove a cab out there.
Yeah?
Do you think I was in the war zone?
I have no idea.
I don't know.
That's no idea.
Why don't you tell us?
I don't want you to go out and see us.
I don't have any need to go and see us.
Of course not because you're closed minded.
No it's not because I'm closed minded.
I'm not doing an investigative reporter here.
I'm not going to start reading.
I'm not reporting on it.
I'm not discussing it.
I'm not reporting on it.
I'm not reporting on it.
I'm not going to sit here and waste my time arguing with a heart ass like you.
Go drive your cab right into the goddamn ocean.
Jackass.
Why don't you go out there and see it happens every weekend?
And let it happen every weekend.
If that's the idea of life, more power to you.
Have a great time.
Knock yourself out.
Like Rene Morecka said.
Shout, shout, shout.
Knock yourself out.
Or like somebody else said,
when in question or without running circle screaming shout.
Yeah, you're closed minded.
Yeah, you won't come out there.
I'm sure there's a lot of crap going on in overtime too.
Am I going there this weekend?
No.
I don't think so.
But sure, since you've got your cab,
why don't you drive over there and Monday you can call her.
And we call her.
What's going on this weekend in overtime?
You're the first hand report.
So all the rest of you people,
you're all exaggerators and liars.
And this guy, he's got his thumb right on it.
He's happy.
You made some money.
They're driving his cab this weekend.
And things weren't so bad.
Here's a pig report in Pember Fine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, they are right outside of Pember Clinic.
Elementary School,
hiatus and tap street.
Oh, it's hiatus and tap.
That's their favorite.
You got pulled over there, didn't you?
I used to live right there.
I used to get tickets there all the time.
I'll be glad you're not here.
I'm very glad.
I haven't been here in years.
Okay. Well, thanks for the tip.
You're welcome.
Yeah, that's Pember Pines Police.
They're ready to the best.
That's their favorite tricks sitting there in the median.
Hide and behind the bushes.
Tap and hiatus.
I used to live right there, right there.
Villas Lakes.
Right across from that pizza place.
Where the guy's son used to work.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, what?
Traffic there is awful now.
Because they built all that stuff west of my house.
Right down the street.
Dr. Geary, gridlock down in Pines.
Dr. Geary, right down the street there.
Right by your Johnson.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Yeah, you go check it out, Neil.
Start doing an investigative report.
Lights out.
17 or two.
Here's a hate for acts.
I love these.
Well, I've necessarily hate for just another way.
Yeah, like that.
Because they're all angry here, you know.
If it's not Amsterdam, it sucks with several exclamation points.
The guy who called it asked you about Vinicia and Napoli and you gave some stupid comment as usual.
Since you're so opinionated on everything, you actually know a little about Europe.
No. Not KNOW.
No little.
Misspell.
Moron.
Didn't I say I haven't been to either one of them?
Did I say that to the guy who called?
I haven't been to Venice or Naples.
I've been to Naples, Florida.
I had Venice, Florida.
I told him what I had heard and what I've read and what I've been told.
But nevertheless, Venice for anyone that is from the United States will find it a wonderful experience.
The architecture museums and charming hotels are all wonderful.
The glass blowing factories are a treat and very interesting.
Napoli is the culture of Italy.
The houses overhanging on the cliffs, the great cheap food and the port to the fury of Capri and Iskia.
Whatever the hell is, they're all part of the culture of that country.
I guess if there are no gay young boys in the city or country according to you suck,
interesting though, but both in Italy and Napoli have a very active gay population.
Active as opposed to passive?
I see.
If not Amsterdam and there is no McDonald's, the Travel expert Rodgers thinks it must stink.
Personally, I think Amsterdam is one of the most boring cities in Europe.
Yes, it is open to drugs in all lifestyles, but it is boring as hell.
Every canal looks alike and the food is bland and who wasn't for the zanfort to be to have our way by train.
It has nothing to offer, unsigned, end of hate.
Ah! Well guess what? I guess I won't see an Amsterdam like.
Huh? No.
Good. Or Venice or many of those other places because obviously you're stuck here.
I'm not.
And I got a whole drawer full of plain tickets and hotel reservations.
Tell a bunch of other places in Europe besides Amsterdam this summer.
How do you like that, huh? Smart-ass.
And none of them happened to be Venice or Naples.
And I'll ask stand by what I said about Naples even though I haven't been there.
Because I've talked to many many many people and read much about Naples Italy.
It's for Schlepper's. It's loaded with gypsies.
It's the capital of one thing in Italy and that's poverty.
But have a good time there, okay?
Because you'll fit right in like a glove.
Like I've told you before, I'm not here to sell on Amsterdam or Toronto or Las Vegas.
Are any other places that I enjoy have a good time in?
Or in Prague or Barcelona?
Are any other places that I like?
If you don't want to go there, fine.
Great.
I'll send you a guide them filly cheesesteak sandwich with mozzarella cheese on it.
No, I mean, who is the guy that made this, huh?
It wasn't Ira.
He came to busy driving.
Yeah, he was to busy driving back and forth and acting real embarrassed.
I don't blame the Ira. I'd be embarrassed to ask the best of it, Scott.
Probably Scott.
You got your thumb on that, right? Scott.
Yeah, he's about as Jewish as D.Fo, you know?
He wants to eat some deli.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I can't believe that cat driver.
I'm a police officer and I worked out there this weekend.
We've made more arrests than two days than we've made the whole month.
How do you like that? And he says it's like that all the time.
Yes, I worked there on the weekends and it was just out of control.
There were all savages.
And the bottom line was that there were way too many people.
We couldn't control what's poor planning.
They have the chief, our chief, Burrito told the city that we need more officers.
They said, no, we're not going to hire any more officer because of money because we are going through contract negotiations right now for the police officers.
So they said, we're not going to hire.
So then we get about 300,000 savages over there.
And now the cities were flooded and every time we stop someone,
five, six video cameras pop up and they go, we want to make money off of you for civil rights violations.
That's all I got to say, Neil.
Thanks.
See, he must be a liar, just like all the other collars according to the cat driver.
Everybody's a liar except him.
See, I believe this cop and I believe everybody else that's called because they have, I mean, why would they make it up?
What acid they got to grind? None.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, he probably the cab driver must be Robert Steinbach's boyfriend or something like that.
Maybe he's giving him a ride.
Here's a mobile and four-letter day. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I've been listening to you for a long time and I appreciate everything you've been saying on the radio and you're really the word of wisdom on the air.
Yes, I am.
A scumbag is a scumbag. No matter what color it is, I'm a four-two-year-old black male and those people on the beach on the weekend, they were just scumbags.
You cannot be doing that to people's property and you are just telling it like it is and for all those people who are black who are calling you,
they don't have a problem with just seeing the truth what it is.
If they're white, they're scumbags, if they're Italian, they're scumbags, if they're black, they're scumbags.
If they're doing something against the law, they're scumbags.
That's right.
They did on this weekend just because there were a lot of black scumbags on the beach this weekend.
Right.
That's all that is.
Well said.
And keep it up, Neil.
Don't let these people get here.
Oh, they don't.
Not as long as I have my fake Philly-cheese-they sandwich, I'll be okay.
Have a great day, pal.
Have a bite for me.
Okay.
And my sandwich, too.
Yeah, if they're not some young boys, they're adventists and Naples.
And by the way, they're having, and you notice the one little line in there in the facts about it.
He's also an expert on what gay?
What I do with the fact, also, that you have to say whichever.
No.
Oh, I did not.
Well, maybe I should make candid.
Tell about how they happen to be very active of gay, I guess I'm fagged.
You're a fagged.
Okay, you're not fooling me.
You're a fagged.
You're probably a molesting altar boy over there with a pope.
Who the hell are you, Ken?
11-D4-2 at 5.60 WQM.
And now it's time for this sports drink tip of the day, brought to you by Champion Light, L-Y-T.
Did you know that if you work out on a treadmill for half an hour, you bring anywhere from 100 to 125 calories?
Did you know that?
No.
Now you know what to do, but...
Oh, that's the least child I'll tell you one thing.
They need to be sent down under.
I mean, way down under.
So, what were you telling me about, I forgot the whole thing about Bush's daughter again?
Yeah, Bush's daughter again.
Not another one of those drunken...
She tried to buy booze again under a joke.
Oh, I'm afraid I do, yeah.
Apparently.
I'm getting snippets of the story here.
Unfox?
Well, it must be true of their admitting to it because, you know, they're 10 yards to the right of a 12-doh.
Oh, not Bush's daughter again.
I guess that scumbag thing that they won on our pool yesterday.
I guess they got that nailed down pretty good.
It's 400 three votes in a pool today so far on theorages.com.
If the election for Florida governor were being held right now today, who'd you vote for?
Jan or Reno, Jeb Bush, or neither one of the above.
Jan or Reno is kicking his ass.
Hey, wow.
245, 60.7%.
Jeb has got 74, 18.3%.
And neither one of the above 84 is even beaten him with 21%.
How do you like that?
Enough of the bushes.
I think they've had enough of the bushes.
$1,000 scandals, $1,000 bullcrap.
She's kind of like his daughter's though.
At least we know she's not going to be messing around with Noah Men.
Oh, Janet.
Janet.
Here's a mobile on there.
Oh.
Huh.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just want to make three points about the top beach of the park.
Yes, sir.
One point I want to make.
Uh-huh.
If the police was not tight enough, we wouldn't have this fias going on in top beach.
And they weren't tight enough?
Yeah, if there were more police officers out there, you know, because the police officers took that for granted.
Point number two.
No, the police didn't decide how many were going to be there.
The city decided that.
Oh, yeah.
That's got your telling us that.
Yeah.
And I feel that should have been more police because they should have known what was coming.
And two, it wasn't it wasn't the people that was from Miami that caused the chaos.
It was the people that we've heard this a million times here.
Yeah, it was from the people that was from other states.
Well, what do you mean?
Oh, yeah, I understand.
I understand that.
But you know that when anything that any CSO or any party that goes up in top beach, people from other states are going to come.
And you know, not not only from New York, but people from the Midwest, people from the stop, especially.
It's going to it caused more more chaos to levels.
Well, let me ask you something.
Aren't there people from all over the world on South Beach all the time on any given day?
Sure.
So what differences are made?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I understand that.
That sounds like a lame excuse to me.
No, because you know, because it's because you know that South Beach got so popular throughout the years and people love to come, especially people from other states.
Yeah, people love to come, huh?
Yeah, yeah.
And last point I want to make.
The main reason because of the chaos is because of the females.
You know that the men, when their females up in South Beach, you know every men are going to get all roused up sexually driven with their chest.
Well, I guess that's all I'm more reason to leave South Beach to the fags and cut all that crap out.
I won't have to read about that anymore.
That's a good excuse, isn't it?
Yeah, the men get aroused.
The men get aroused when I get that scent.
You know, like Al Pacito said, the scent of a something.
Maybe it was just a skunk.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Perfect example of that mentality.
A last caller.
He was great, wasn't he?
Look, I've been working in the South Beach industry for almost 20 years.
I go out front of you as Richard McVeigh.
Right.
They host the Winter Visa Conference every year.
We get fast with the people from all over the world.
And there's never any problems.
OK.
Yeah, this excuse that we keep here and we've read it about 20 times today is that most of the troublemakers
were from out of town.
I guarantee that most of the people on South Beach right now are from out of town.
Exactly.
Exactly.
They're always from out of town.
Right.
People from everywhere, Spain, I mean everywhere.
And this is a problem when the hit bump crowd comes in and first taking over that is a problem.
And I feel really bad because I saw a lot of really decent people trying to make something, you know,
out of their businesses.
Having dinner in the restaurants, you know, place the work I saw them.
You know, people trying to, you know, do something right.
And then you kick them in and screw it up for everybody.
I mean, let's, you know, let's be realistic here.
It's not, you know, it's not a matter of out of town.
It's a matter of the kind of crowd that was there.
Exactly.
It's that simple.
I mean, and I'm really pissed off of the radius of the TV station.
They're like, sure they're coding everything.
I'm just going to say it.
Oh, they have to be, no, they got to be politically correct.
They're scared, Schmittless, man.
They don't want to say anything that might even slightly in any way be construed it iratally.
They just terrify.
I mean, I've worked so many events on South Beach.
I mean, from even the millennium you, you see, which was your crowd in this thing.
There were no problems there.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a, I'm ever able to get this.
Well, we got to get this land.
We got to get the last guy in the cab driver to do it tour together.
Exactly.
Okay.
Have Richard call you.
You know, you can tell you, you can, you can, you can accept this.
His conference is great.
And there's never any problems.
There's over 6,000 people from everywhere in the world, including Brits.
And the Brits, you know how they get one.
Oh.
Okay. I mean, they were not even half as bad at these guys.
I mean, that says it all.
Hang in there, pal.
All right, man.
Thanks.
Okay. That's going to do it for us.
And then we saw the problems in the world today.
But every day we saw the problems in the world right here on the radio.
That's what it's all about.
We saw the problems.
Yes.
Huh?
It's such a sandwich.
It's stuck.
No, it was pretty disappointing.
I mean, to go through all of that and then wind up with this, Arizona's make believe.
Maybe tomorrow they can do a little bit better, you know.
Or maybe we'll find some other place that can do better.
Bye, bye, bye.
The Meele Roger Joe on the right.
Double down by the way of my heavy fort mudderdale.
Hang on after doing it two o'clock to hammers up next time.
Ken Maul, the Mood of Koyam Sport.
