Elma!
I've been by my Ami Parada!
Here's what's happening today!
Just for you!
As your community-minded station,
560 W. Kelaia,
want you to know what's happening all week long,
I'm here in Miami.
Starting this Saturday,
the retard parade,
sponsored and led by the Miami City Commissioners,
and become a sacrifice
as Kyaheo Joe has angry Cubans
for you what the truth of hograw.
The laugh at the holedless door,
featuring misery, starvation and other maladies
under the 395 overpass.
A riot!
The tiny end from the bird-out section of Liberty City.
Don't miss the Miami-Date Police Bravo Festival benefits,
and the grand opening of the new Snack Addict Methodos Center.
All this and more in the bedroom town of the world.
It's great to be...
...in the night of the night.
No.
Fluffer reminds me this morning of another very important anniversary.
Today, I guess...
...three years at QAM.
Because I guess the first show was on December 30th,
the three years ago?
Three years.
It seems like what?
20, 30 years?
It seems like a lifetime.
Although studios aren't going to be ready.
Yeah, huh.
Right.
She brings back a lot of memories.
All of them bad.
Real bad.
Last minute running around.
Oh, did the equipment come in yet?
From Philadelphia to that over-rendered...
...used crap come in from...
Yeah.
Cartons coming in downstairs.
George Corsa running around like,
Oh, gee, I gotta come in and work again.
Remember that day we couldn't get on the air
and he didn't want to come over here because...
Well, his car was in the shop.
Things like that.
See, I shouldn't be thinking back on all that stuff
because it's all bad.
Let's move forward, not backward, bluff.
Jesus Christ, what the hell is wrong with you, man?
Uh, good luck, this instant.
Yeah, get off of that crap.
Go take some vacation.
Anyway, some interesting facts is this morning.
First, to our poll for me yesterday,
a big response, especially considering nobody's in town.
Which best described South Florida,
which of these phrases find out yesterday that my aunt
in Helen Dale, with her $45 trillion,
that she votes on our poll every day.
How do you like that?
That was a shocker, Rita.
But at any rate,
which best describes South Florida,
Third World Banana Republic,
507 out of 800 and 2, 63.2%.
Say this is a banana republic.
And all you can say is...
Absolutely correct.
Outdoor funeral parlor 110, 13.7%,
outdoor funeral parlor.
Oi!
It's reloading, one moment please.
Bush League 100, that was my vote.
12.5%.
Tropical paradise, only 85, only 10.5%
and far and away the lowest of the category choices
that we gave, Tropical Paradise.
So 10% of the people out there,
ignorance is bliss, that sums them up very well.
And the other 90% of the people are sharp enough to realize
that we got some real problems here.
You know what I mean?
The blue, blue, like that.
But anyway, get to the good news, the facts is...
Oh, and also thanks to Mark Vandermeer.
Great guy.
Thanks to Pete Leonard, to Pete Lenny.
Came in with a nice check for Planned Parenthood
and Mark Vandermeer, voice of the Heracuns,
came through with a big fat one and a check too.
Thanks Mark.
What a good guy.
Boy, there's a guy he could never ever,
when he left Massachusetts, he could never have expected
coming down here when he was getting into,
coming to this place.
Wow, I'm not just talking about this area,
but this station.
And he's a good Dutch boy to top it all off.
So I'll still believe, and the Donkowell
and the Have a Great Life Mark.
He'll be on the air, by the way,
this afternoon, Heracun basketball.
If we got some big stuff or what,
you thought that Lehigh game was big the other day.
Kim Bokehmpir for Hank between two and the 345
and then Heracun warm up at 345.
Tennessee Martin Skyhawks at the Heracun basketball
in Miami Arena at 4 this afternoon.
And then you got your Gel the Young game night at 6'
Panther preview at 7'
the New Regime.
It's not really a New Regime, it's temporary.
These guys in the morning, are they stupid or are they?
Oh Jesus, God.
One day, let's take a poll on that.
Who's the, who's the most clueless,
Greg Cotex at the Herald or B-Fo?
B-Fo's on to this boy.
Oh, but the professor, the old professor, Larry Anorv.
I mean, doesn't he, yeah, he sucks.
He comes in at this morning during one of their breaks,
after I went in there and pounded on their window again,
giving him a look like, are you crazy?
When they were sucking up the bow tie.
So it comes here this morning.
Oh, you mean the old professor didn't have any more?
What do you think?
He says, he used to be great.
I said, yeah, Johnny Bauer used to be great too.
That was 40 years ago.
B-Fo.
Poor B-Fo, he just lived in the past,
one of those old racetrack stumble bumps, you know,
it's living in the past, talking about races
that happened 40 years ago,
Bucky Dail by Ten Lanks with Francis O'Hare.
But anyway.
So here's a couple of faxes.
First, let's get to the good one.
Well, actually, they're both good.
And it's a copy of a letter that somebody sent to the Herald.
See, people keep sending letters to the Herald,
the most anxious anti-semitic obnoxious virulent newspaper
in the history of the human race,
thinking that they're going to publish letters,
anything that's supportive of me in response to Kevin Baxter's obnoxious
column a few days ago,
topical radio is hardly the talk of this town.
See, the Herald tried their best before I read this fact.
They tried their best with a fan.
They thought that was their one best shot to destroy me
and Hank in this whole radio station.
Did it work?
No.
Don't look like it.
W-A-F-N sports leaves the year on Monday,
Spanish religious programs begin.
They're doing what they are looking.
Yeah, they're dying over there.
They're dead.
Stick a fork in them as somebody I know would say.
They be done.
The fan.
But they gave them front page coverage.
They gave them a 750-part series with Barry Jack Ashtas
sucking up so heavy duty that his big fat chipmunk cheeks
almost inverted.
And they still couldn't find an audience.
And they're still going out there.
And they still couldn't pay the help
and everybody bailed out and they were going
Spanish religion starting on Monday at 1990 on the dollar,
or whatever the hell it is.
But they thought that if they could just build them up,
oh yeah, people would just die for an alternative like that.
Now also they put this Kevin Basset up to write
in this stupid puff piece about,
oh yeah, well we really need topical talk again.
If we could just put somebody really serious on the air,
we'll get that over and bang it off the air.
You know, we'll give them some competition.
You guys just don't get it, do you?
You don't get it over there at the Herald.
People laugh at you.
All over the world, they laugh at you.
Anybody that has ever even read your rag once
is on you immediately if not sooner.
You're virulently anti-Semitic rag.
Anyway, so somebody sends this letter.
It says, talk radio throughout America seems dominated
by pompous, mean-spirited conservatives.
Therefore, it's refreshing to relocate in Miami
and counter some of his lively and refreshing
as Neil Rogers, who might have never called but listened to ardently.
Of all the local media I've sampled,
it shows seems to most accurately take the pulse of the Miami
I'm discovering.
I particularly enjoy those stupid songs
which strike me as the radio equivalent of political cartoons
or Saturday Night Live skits.
If you have any quarrel, if I have any quarrel with the show,
it's with the collars, who generally are less than stellar
in articulating their views.
Remember, for great talk, it takes two to tangle.
And in Rogers' case, all two off in the collars
are not in the same league with the host,
right Chris and Miami.
Thank you, Chris.
You think they're going to put that in the paper?
Oh, just like they didn't put Harvey from the set one.
Apparently, the fan has already gone.
It's already gone.
That's what I'm hearing.
Oh, it's already Spanish religion.
Bruchy Kuchy?
Oh, no.
Well, what are all the young sports nerds around here
going to do?
All the young degenerates, drugs.
Well, we know that.
Drugs are a egg-nog, one of the other.
You know, something, I saw Tommy in the hall this morning.
He just told me he is so embarrassed over the fact
that we got salespeople come up here on the third floor
looking to buy drugs.
He just mortified by that.
Because he says if they keep getting them,
it's going to be less for him or something like that.
But he's just embarrassed and humiliated.
And so are the rest of us,
upstanding people who are curing who are nauseated
by the fact that some of our folks down there in the sales department
just can't get their goddamn ass in line.
Cut the crap, guys.
So it's a great day for the Irish,
unless your name is Murray.
I'll take that right now.
And you'll notice, I don't want to get back on
that too heavy duty again here today.
And there's 80 billion tickets left for the playoff game tomorrow
that often the game that's going to be blacked out.
I'd be in my car right now hidden for Fort Myers.
We'll get some of our good friends from Fort Myers
to call in with the names of some sports bars
where you can go over in the four-down,
40 or 50 or 100,
Bruce, while you're watching that game
between the dolphins and the coast tomorrow, blacked out.
And I got a fact about that from listeners in New Mexico
and the rest.
We'll get to that.
How young is too young?
Why do you get me to die?
An awful few to go outside?
Or why do you get me to die?
Everybody's gonna die.
People will panic when they turn into panic
by the rest of the day in a magazine.
If you believe it's the end of your world,
and see the market,
crashing again,
could any of the bones die?
Or something's over again?
And we're still here.
You're later with Snow White.
We're still here,
although silly people back a year ago at this time
or what do we have to do with the sky falling?
And it's a first of all they had the wrong a year,
don't confuse them with the facts.
But that's beside the point.
We got the new millennium coming in.
Now we can do it right Sunday night.
So here's a fact from Cindy and Nancy.
It says, my coworker and I,
whom both grew up in South Florida,
our listener who you're showing via the internet,
out here in the enchanted land of New Mexico.
And decided it was our civic day.
Yesterday we had a fact from Sweden and today in New Mexico,
we're really moving up in the world now.
The side of it was our civic duty to reply to your comments
and why any professional sports event,
especially the dolphin game,
would not be sold out.
Unfortunately, the average American family
would be hard pressed to spend 64 bucks a ticket,
plus parking in the exorbitant cost of a beverage or snack,
and still be able to pay the rent at the beginning of the month.
Just to contribute to the multi-millionaire drug addicted wife,
girlfriend, beating, killing, sport, rotten-overtest,
austroen, infected immature, overgrown three-year-olds,
and the owners would continue to support these lovely habits.
Things were different when the ticket prices were 8 to 10 bucks,
and we didn't routinely hear about the players being arrested
for a variety of misconducts.
It didn't really difficult to explain the problems of society
when we're willing to pay these people what they're paid,
but can't seem to find the resources to pay a police officer,
or a teacher, and acceptable salary.
Acceptable being one that would afford them the luxury
of being able to attend a professional sports event,
such as the dolphin game.
Also, why would someone feel compelled to support a team
that may end up moving halfway across the country
when they don't get their new stadium,
such as with the case with the formerly known Los Angeles Rams,
Edward the Baltimore Colts, Houston or all the San Luis Cardinals, etc.
Please feel free to use any of my comments on your show.
However, I doubt you will do so, because I'm sure
this is not what you want to hear.
Science Cindy and Nancy, they got her last names on here,
from New Mexico.
Now, why would they say that?
It's not what I want to hear.
They don't get it.
Like most of the audience, they don't get it.
Am I chewing people out because of the fact that they're not
subsidizing sports teams?
No.
Did I read Max Castro's part of it twice on the year this week?
From the Harold is great column about there's more important things
than building stadiums and arenas and going
and supporting sports franchises.
The only reason I mentioned the fact that they got 12,000
non-soil tickets for the game tomorrow is first of all,
it's a playoff game.
And secondly, it just continues to show you what a bushly town
this is.
Whether it's civic events, whether it's politics, elections,
no matter what it is, this town doesn't support anything.
So, evidently, Cindy and Nancy, you missed the point.
I know it's not really a big deal,
that a dolphin gamer, any of the sporting event,
isn't sold out, but it's just symptomatic of an illness
that runs rampant through this town.
There's no passion here for anything.
Whether it's serious, super-solious, you name it.
There's just no passion.
Now, how about some free tickets?
Oh, that business here yesterday.
That was just, I mean, don't get me wrong.
I enjoy it.
I love it.
All you masochists out there, oh, come on,
we know your hide-and-sum tickets.
Yeah, how come we can't give away all these?
I mean, this is the dolphin station.
You know that we got a bunch of dolphins
and quilts to play off tickets, stashed around all over this place.
Ray Perry's probably got him stuck in his...
Correct him.
...under his armpit all over the place.
They're laying on the floor in a hallway.
We got so many.
I think we have a title for that, Micro-NPC bull.
Oh, that's too late.
Oops.
Yeah.
So, here's our poll today for the Over-the-Week-In.
It's something for you to chew on over New Year's weekend.
The biggest problem with South Florida,
this is picking up kind of like a sequel to the one from yesterday.
The biggest problem with South Florida is
crooked politicians,
apathetic citizens,
too many refugees,
or too many old farts,
or another sensational poll by yours truly,
if I do say so myself.
The biggest problem with South Florida is
crooked politicians, apathetic citizens,
too many refugees,
or too many old farts.
So, I had an interesting episode happen to me yesterday.
I just mentioned this in passing.
You were here.
You observed that one of our sales holes,
I don't want to mention Todd Wreck on the Year,
came in here,
pah pah pah pah pah pah,
and give me a big song and a dance about some spots
he wants me to do on the Year Forum.
And I agreed.
But it wasn't just the fact that he was like putting the old
squeeze on in a big pressure,
but the fact that he's become a little bit too chummy.
You know what I'm talking about?
And when we got out there in the hallway,
and bluff came out and was listening to the conversation,
and at that point, when I had agreed to do the spots,
which means a lot of money in the Todd Wreck's pocket,
a lot of commission.
And he came so you for it that it kind of like reached out
and like started to give me a squeeze.
And I said, don't touch.
Don't touch.
Now, this is a topic that for whatever reason
that just puts my mind,
because many times I've,
oh, it's A&W was what I was trying to think of before,
Joe, A&W.
With the curb service?
Yeah, A&W drive-throughs.
But at any rate, that's just popped in my mind.
It's like one of those things you're trying to think of,
and in the middle of the night you wake up,
oh yeah, it was A&W, whatever.
Not A&W root beer,
but the A&W fast food stands,
with a mama burger and a popper burger,
and all that, those other things.
Isn't that right?
Well, glad you didn't think of it like four in the morning.
No.
Called me up.
No, it's important stuff,
so it's right here in the middle of the show.
So anyway, I mentioned Todd Wreck,
starting to give me a big squeeze,
and I don't know about you,
but there are different kinds of people.
Now, there are most people who know me would probably say,
although they wouldn't say it to my face,
they probably would say,
oh, that meal, he's a cold fish.
He's just not a warm guy,
which means that they probably just have never gotten close enough,
or they just don't look too good.
But at any rate,
no, no, seriously, there are,
there are those people,
touchy-feely people,
I call them.
I don't like touchy-feely people.
I don't like people who gratuitously,
and I shouldn't say I don't like people
because they will get George in this again,
and I like George,
but it's, you know,
it's ripped George's week anyway,
he's on vacation.
But he is one of those people,
who is, especially if it's a female,
but not necessarily.
It runs up to people
if he hasn't seen them in like more than ten minutes,
and hugging and squeezing,
see, to me, I just don't get that.
You know what I'm talking about?
Now, are you like that?
Are you like, um,
no, no.
Most people are not.
I mean, I could imagine if it was like an old friend
I hadn't seen in 20 years or something,
or I'll give you a classic example.
When I met, when I met,
what's his name from,
used to be Rocky Etter-Varillo,
Steven Bauer.
You know, Rocky Etter-Varillo from
K-Pasa, USA,
or Steven Bauer?
It's the same guy.
What?
He changed his name to protect the Unison.
Well, at any rate,
I had talked about him on the year for a long time
because he used to look really good
back in those K-Pasa, USA days.
But he's from here,
and he began listening to the show,
so I met him at a Panther game years ago
with the old Miami Arena.
I had never seen a guy before in my life,
and when we were introduced,
we both gave a big hug
like we were long lost best friends.
Don't ask me why,
but it was spontaneous,
and he's a pretty good guy,
but it was drug problems,
but he was a good guy.
What?
But that's just not commonplace for me to do that.
For example,
when we had the thing
at the pizza lot that night.
Okay?
Now, everybody who came up to the table,
who was known to us,
I'm not talking about listeners,
but George Immediately came rushing out
from behind the table,
and squeezing and hugging,
and dancing like Arthur and Catherine Murray,
or Brian and Terry Murray,
you saw that, you were there.
Oh, yeah.
I don't do that.
I mean, when we were all leaving,
and I gave Janina a little kiss on the cheek,
good night, nice to see you.
But I'm just not one of those people,
if I saw you yesterday,
there isn't any need for me to come up
and give you a big squeeze in a hug.
In fact, if I come up to you
and give you a big squeeze in a hug,
I'd start getting nervous,
if I were you know what I'm talking about?
Because when I,
now when I do that,
it's usually meant with the tremendous emotion
and something in mind.
Right.
Believe me, I can become very emotional,
but only of the proper circumstances
with the right people,
which we don't have any of those people in this building.
Sorry, Miguel,
but we just, they're not here.
You know, not even Miguel.
But you know what I'm talking about?
I find that just,
it leaves me cool,
because you can only feel that strongly
about so many people,
unless you're just madly in love with the human race,
unless you love everybody.
You know what I'm talking about?
And that's not even as bad as the
talk-grex-squeezing,
massaging that he does.
No, because, I mean,
I don't dislike him.
He's come a long way.
He's almost a human being, though,
especially compared to the rest of the crowd
on their ensails.
But he's just,
he's not somebody that I want to squeeze in hug and touch.
I don't want to touch him.
Shake his hand.
Sure. Happy holidays.
Have a great life.
Get away from me fast.
But I don't want to touch him.
And the touchy-feely crowd,
man, those people,
I just, oh, I run.
I just run away.
People that you barely even know
and they're hugging and squeezing,
and just go touch something.
Go pat your dog.
You know, go touch a blow-up dog.
Just don't touch me.
If I want to touch you, believe me,
I'll let you in.
Of course, the people that I do want to touch,
most of them, they're smart enough to stay very far away.
You know?
Anyway, I just mentioned that in passing.
It's something we never talked about on the show.
And it's just,
had that episode with Todd Wreckers today.
Don't touch me, Todd.
Stay away.
You're okay.
I'll do your spots.
Don't touch.
What about fat boy?
What about him?
You want to touch him?
Just be happy.
He's not like that.
Oh.
First of all, he can never get close enough to touch.
How could you give that a hug?
But you're like trying to hug him out rush-mour.
It's kind of hard to get a grip on it.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Happy New Year, sir.
Same to you.
It's a great day in South Florida.
It looks like Baldi's team is going to sell for less than he wants.
The Marley's a gun.
The dolphins are blacked out.
Yeah.
And Mario is back.
Yeah.
And I think it's a great day, Neil.
Have a good holiday.
Okay.
Happy circus, too.
There's a guy with some needs and serious help.
And I'm going to play a lot of stuff today because it is our last show of the year.
It's our third anniversary of QA, which of course has no significance at all.
And of course, we got the Bruins game that I'm going to go to the game.
I think I'm thinking about it.
Now that we got rid of the Marines, I think I'm going to just have me one game of boycotting.
And they blew the whole organization out.
See that?
I'll take full credit for it.
Yeah.
And believe me, I don't want to give you any hints, but there are stories that there are a lot of players on that team who are just kissing the ground.
That TM is gone.
They are just delirious that he's gone.
He did them like poison.
Greg Kotex over to Harold.
I want to say this.
That's a match made in heaven.
He wrote a column so stupid this morning that I won't even waste the time reading from it or talking about it.
I just want to make sure that he understands that I did read it and believe me.
It's so typical of you.
He got no clue.
You're clueless.
And you work for the perfect newspaper.
You and the Harold, those farbicinograms, you are a match made in purgatory.
Greg Kotex.
Clueless.
Here's a mobile in Boiton Beach.
Hey, Neil. Happy New Year.
Same to you.
Hey, a couple of things.
Number one, I agree with you.
There is a very little cash in the city of my annual growing up here my whole life.
This place is cold as an iceberg in spite of all the warm weather.
I know.
And the other thing is on your pole, I think you should add all of the above.
Yeah, but that's no fun.
We want to put people on the spot and make them come up with one.
It's kind of hard to come up with one.
I know. That's the idea.
That's why they put their mind to work a little bit here.
Okay. Well, let's have a look.
Happy New Year.
And I'll have an understanding of you, sir.
How come we don't have any calls from four Myerswoods and sports bars over there in the West Coast?
I'm sure we got a lot of people tomorrow morning and bright and early.
Going to be heading out up the old Hershey Highway or across the alley.
To try to find a sports bar place they can hang out and see the dolphin game because it will be blacked out tomorrow.
You can bet your bottom dollar on that.
And for our lady friends out there in New Mexico, it's not a big deal.
It's not the end of the world, but it just adds.
I mean, we just had the election embarrassment and the alien embarrassment and the crappy schools and the kids go to schools and closet huts and without textbooks and without computers and all the all of these things.
And the backdoor deals with the crooked politicians.
And so here's this one more chapter in a very sad tale.
1031-560-QAM-5670560.
Powering 560 under AT&T wireless live.
We're taking your quest.
We're playing the best in the year.
And we're having one heck of a day.
I am above the law.
8-Sounds that you hate.
But I'm an idiot and I think they're really great.
I doubt that you can't say no one or two.
Much less or 8-8-Sounds that you hate.
Come in from the boys they will surely separate.
I tell you what they are.
Can't teach you go, we are.
I like singing and they're gonna blackboard.
People back there next door they're not hooked.
When I run, they will fall together.
That just makes me shuffle.
Hey, now you can't stand.
What you could tolerate if you were half the man I am.
And to tolerate survey.
I fork at a knife scraping on a plate.
Scraping on a plate scraping on a plate.
Here's one I really love.
You might want to try it.
Give me feedback in my headphones.
Oh yeah, that's more like it.
Little more.
Hey, sounds so unique.
Now let's review so you can really, really freaking figure now.
I'm gonna get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
ahhh you said the word on fire China is these I'll give you the shivers that make you a winner!
Hey you don't know if someone fights their fork like this because I love it!
Yeah, I'm doing it again!
Do you have an herbisist on web?
How about the squeegee wiping with a lot of my neck?
How about the squeegee wiping with a lot of my neck?
How about the squeegee wiping with a lot of my neck?
How about the squeegee wiping with a lot of my neck?
Mr. Arnold Borestein presents the most interesting event!
Oh, when I like to pull his face of heavy tray in front of me when I go!
Oh, give me a way of extribiting the food I enjoy!
I have my cornflakes today!
I mean, food is good and it goes right through!
Hmm, fast!
It also helps to have a few pictures of Gorya learning around!
But what I truly enjoy is the luxury of bathroom and acoustics!
I always keep a karaoke machine nearby!
This way I can enjoy the acoustics by clicking!
I find my equipment and splatting and stupid, spewing and spraying and straining my heart on!
Don't care if it's real or a mod!
So when you have so many, so always in there!
When I try to touch his skin, just use my knife to be fair and you'll find it when I go!
That's a healthy sh**!
That's a healthy sh**!
She can start her new room and do you what you like?
She can do you in high heels with her sister's high and her slights?
You like her new room and what she has a little bit of you?
She's like a butt like a child, she's always a cove girl and me!
Under her's wrist, she's a cute little sister!
She'll make her first little checkman's heart on a busy fur!
She'll call that your wife if you can't play her feet!
She'll wrap mail, get blind but she's always a cove girl and me!
Oh, well, as you got the cash, she will lay this few walls!
You'll be cut to her life!
Oh, you'll be cut to her life!
Oh, well, as you got the cash, she'll lay this few walls!
While your front face and your head are watching on her sharp little screen!
Little her first cat took her, but that little rags call girl to be!
You know her, she's the staple of MSNBC news!
And now, the long-awaited CD is here!
The Ramsey!
Sing their favorite, Beach Boy!
Well, we're not ragging back!
We killed our daughter and had enough money to ride the authorities with plenty left over if we just decide to kill a dad!
And let the note do, shall we don't know who cracked her skull in her room?
I shall rather go to the flash, in her room!
Get this ticket for the flight!
Pack the pass!
Not much time!
You know friends!
Won't explain!
You think it's faster?
My bitch won't!
Yeah, it's so Ramsey!
Sing their favorite, Beach Boy!
Now available from guilty pleasure records!
My dad knocked me out!
He makes you and he tied me up with a hook!
When I worked on the Jamie M.D.A.
I would kill my daddy!
Who wants her?
My dad knocked me out!
I wasn't fit to tweet!
It's got a medium in city!
I'm a woman, you know!
We beat the end, beat the end, beat the end!
We beat the man, you know!
And that's what headed you down!
He was the end, oh, so the power ran out!
So they're gonna let him go!
My dad knocked me out!
He made a fool of me!
He made a fool of me!
He's the one who did it!
You'll never hear him, I did it!
I'm a woman, you know!
My dad knocked me out!
I'm a woman, you know!
My dad knocked me out!
I'm a woman, you know!
Listen to me, this is Stand Mine, Steve!
For Sulfaking, you understand?
Where everything is held to the high, Sulfaking standards!
The selection isn't just huge, it's Sulfaking huge!
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else!
And Sulfaking's prices aren't just low, they're Sulfaking low!
You'll never find them anywhere else!
Listen to me, when I say Sulfaking as a beautiful store,
I mean Sulfaking beautiful!
When I say, Steve, it's helpful, I mean Sulfaking helpful!
Listen to me, get to know the Sulfaking and enjoy a selection that's Sulfaking huge!
A staff that's Sulfaking courteous and crisis that is Sulfaking low,
you'll never shop anywhere else!
But don't take it from me!
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein!
Sulfaking good!
You Sulfaking good!
I don't mean to start a sensitive or disrespectful,
but if you walk in the control of a seniorologist,
it appears as though you should have wheels at both sides of a chair, okay?
I mean, he's sitting there like, clouds down,
he's so flusful in the radio and he's such a...
Well, like, if he doesn't have a body camera,
he's the radio station, good luck to him!
They're blind, dumb, and not a brain between them!
And they're on Saturday morning, Doom's down!
It's Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, and Monday,
and they're the Spice World!
So are you slutty, little girls,
out there in the room and turn on the Spice World?
Every Saturday morning, you'll love it!
Like the Spice World, every Saturday morning!
You need news...
Holy Makinon!
This is Joe Bohr in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neogut!
This one, and then all you people know, how a stoner's fear.
You know, real high.
First, you have the brownies.
You can add parts of Gloria,
say, hey, hey, tonight, I was curious,
so I asked from Officer Cannebus
to talk to you boys, through Lawnabuzz.
Come up, friends, to love the part,
and the day you're in out, we just can't stop one.
They were even so up at the top.
So get a big fat hula, say, I plant my seeds,
seeds, seeds, seeds, and foam my weed,
weed, seed, and shit, with free, free, free.
Just roll it again, say, I plant my seeds, seeds, seeds,
foam my weed, weed, seed,
and foam my bond.
Let me smoke that bone, say, hey, hey, hey,
that bone, the bone, the bone, the bone, the bone,
I love it when I smoke the bone,
just like chicken chow, yeah, yeah.
That bone, the bone, the bone, the bone, the bone,
you're looking at hot, so Gloria,
say, the age of nine, I was curious,
so I asked from Officer Cannebus,
he just smoked people school Lawnabuzz.
Come up close to love the pot every day,
you're gonna have just can't stop one day,
we even took up for the cup.
You're gonna make fat hula, say, I plant my seeds,
seeds, seeds, foam my weed, weed, weed,
and shit, with free, free, free.
Just roll it again, say, I plant my seeds,
seeds, seeds, foam my weed, weed, weed,
and foam my bond.
Let me smoke that bone, say, hey, hey, hey,
that bone, the bone, the bone, the bone, the bone,
the bone, the bone, the bone,
just like chicken chow, yeah, yeah.
That bone, the bone, the bone, the bone, the bone,
hey, did it, man, get your pasta right over here.
Oh, yeah.
Did anybody want some eggnog?
That's our question, we have no tickets for it today,
but we have lots of eggnog.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hi. Yes, sir. Yes, how you doing today?
Excellent. Yeah, listen, I wanted to ask you,
how come every time we have a census report,
all those slime holds up in the Northeast,
lose population, all those wonderful places to be,
like New York and Boston?
Yeah, because the bad news is they're coming down here,
so they can join up with you.
You should only wish that they would let you into New York
or Boston loser.
See, this really cracks me up when people here start putting the knock
on any place else.
You could be knocking Waterloo, Iowa,
and I'd have to raise three eyebrows at that point.
Here's a mobile invoker, hello.
Hey, New York, good morning. How are you?
When is Diaz to you?
Happy and healthy New York.
Same to you.
Hey, on so glad they got rid of that stiff, hairy Murray
and I get some big brother too.
I mean, that guy always looked like he had a bad wife or something.
And I used the words, and I think one of the worst things he ever said
or it did was when he complained about Pavlville losing his temper
and showing his emotions on the bench.
Yeah. But I don't know who that was.
Well, he had something bad to say about everybody, Trevor Kid,
which that's what really pissed me off.
Knocked out.
He stood on his head and had no support from this organization,
from this team.
The whole time he's been here.
I mean, that was just the epitome of what a slime ball lowly
criteria Murray was.
And let me say it again, the player is almost to a man.
There may have been a couple of exceptions.
I'm sure there's hated him like poison.
What do you think?
You think a wrong goal has a chance to be a good goalie?
If they ever do.
If they ever score any goals for him, he'll be just fine
and have a great new year.
I'll tell you one thing, and it's going to be hockey talk today.
This time it comes to put the best of the way
in the middle of the obstacle.
That was a goal.
That was a tough one.
And Trevor was knocked down.
And now it comes.
Paul has, as they were, should have deepened with a little low.
Back to that goal.
And I'm going to have a lot less time to go on now.
Go for the beatings of the match tonight.
Time's fair, isn't it?
Fairies in the blind.
Get down.
Go for it, everybody.
Let's go for it.
We're fucking back.
Get ready.
Get ready.
And I popped up for it tomorrow night or what?
Oh, man.
I have to go tonight just to practice.
For getting all wound up for that big, elite panther game tomorrow night.
Anybody want to eat tickets for that game?
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Here's a mobile and cross-bring.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Sensational, sir.
Listen, I have a new year on a healthy one.
Like what?
And also, I've been listening to you since you were on WKAT.
Yeah.
For a long time, I call you about, uh, I call you about, oh, maybe once or twice a year.
Uh, but you got a fantastic program.
I really enjoy it.
I just want to make one other quick statement.
Yes.
Uh, I'm certainly glad that the Miami-Dolphins game is blacked out.
I think they're all, I think they're all a bunch of spoiled breads.
They're overpaid breads.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
See what sourpuses we got here today.
It's New Year's time.
It's the holidays.
It's right on a Hanukkah and Christmas and all the stuff lumped together.
Sour, bitter, nasty people.
Nasty, hostile.
Why should you be glad the game is blacked out?
I don't understand that.
I mean, I'm not going to have an average breakdown about it one way or another.
Especially me.
Because where there's, you know, willers away, where, how does that go?
But nevertheless.
But I mean, the fact is that, uh, well, why should you be happy about it?
You miserable piece of dirt, you?
I'm delighted that it's blacked out.
This is Ebenezer Scrooge Day here at QAM.
Let's hear from all of your fossils like that old guy from Hollywood.
All you old people, all the people older than me, except my mother and maybe other relatives, like one.
But other than that, get on a bus go away.
Unless you're a nice person which I doubt.
In fact, I'll world aside.
I'm not sure if I have some neighbors like Bernie and Dolores across the street, they're very nice.
They're older than I am, but they're nice.
They can stay.
Thank you, Leo.
You're welcome.
And they're Panther fans.
But I'll pick maybe how many?
A thousand?
A thousand of old people can stay.
Everybody else.
You're out.
You're out.
If you're older than me, which is the 58, if you're over 58, and you're a miserable old fart,
which probably you are, you're out.
Bye-bye.
We wish y'all luck in the world.
Because I'm the one that's making up the rules now, okay?
Too many decrepit, disgusting, miserable, unhappy, nasty old fart.
Oh, that sounds like that pull question.
How come it's not on here, Eric?
I don't want to put pressure on Eric, but I can't wait to vote.
Here's the lady in Fort Myers. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, good to see you in the tomato sports page.
The great bar in Fort Myers to watch again.
The good food too.
Where is it?
It's right near Page Field, the old airport in Fort Myers.
Which exit did they get off at?
22, colonial.
Okay.
And then go down to 41 and take a ride on 41, which is Cleveland.
And down there in your right.
Okay.
And they can have my cable, because I'm on my way to Atlanta.
All right, thanks a lot, sweetheart.
Thanks.
Have a happy.
So there you go.
There's a place where you go for a cabal over to Fort Myers.
So you can go over drive over to Sarasota.
You can drive up to Tampa.
You can go up to Orlando.
You can go up to Jacksonville.
You can go to Atlanta with this lady from Fort Myers.
But you're not going to see it here.
Unless maybe you got some other kind of like special dish.
What are you laughing about?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
Happy New Year.
Same to you.
I need Charles off here.
He's fun.
I haven't heard the spots anymore.
Is there anybody who can give that to me?
Yeah.
Yes.
Okay.
That's all I need.
I just want to wish you a happy New Year.
And for Charles, number...
1-800-321-2413.
Thanks, man.
You got it.
Go get some here.
Here's a mobile in Hellendale.
Hello.
You're Neil.
Good morning.
Have a good day.
And same to you.
Okay.
I'm on my way over to my mother's in Hellendale.
The home of your buddy, Arthur, and Sonny Rosenberg.
Hi.
Let me tell you what happened.
When he started this whole alien mess,
I used to subscribe to Harold.
And when they came out and they were talking about all his nonsense about
Gillian staying here in the woods tonight,
if I'm as up as a father for this is absolutely the left.
I can't put my subscription.
And you don't know?
Never again.
I'm not going to buy that paper again.
Yeah.
I'm done with that.
Forget about it.
Don't be surprised what anything they do.
There are cancer on this town.
Oh, man.
They are the woods.
I've been living here as long as you have.
I followed you from station to station.
I agree with, basically, very little of what you say.
I think you're a great empathetic.
I love to make a lot of sense.
I don't agree with a lot of it,
but a lot of life I do agree with.
But as far as the hell of man,
you're right on top.
You're right top side of everything.
Okay.
You can have a good day and enjoy the New Year.
Just say no to the hero.
We can see you're right.
Okay.
Have a happy, sir.
21 before 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
Maybe we'll hear from somebody under the age of 100 before the day is up.
But I don't know.
What is it?
Say the poll one more time.
He was out.
Now he's back.
He was out?
Well, you better get one that Eric.
He was probably out in the kitchen filling his fat push.
Probably.
See, he's one fat guy that don't mind being called fat.
Because he knows that he's fat.
He looks in the mirror and the voice says, oh boy, am I fat?
But there are some fat people who take offense when you call him fat.
You know what I'm talking about?
Anyway, our poll today, the biggest problem with South Florida is crooked politicians,
apathetic citizens, too many refugees or too many orfarts.
One more time for the West Coast, the biggest problem with South Florida is crooked politicians,
apathetic citizens, too many refugees or too many orfarts.
You're listening to the best of real-life stories.
I'm 5, 60, Keel A.L.
I'm 60 W.D.K.L.
We call pathetic to you to hold of our friends or not.
I didn't call him yet.
Well, you better get with it.
I'm about to.
He's not going to hop on that vest pump and fly over here in like two seconds just when you snap your fingers over the ponytail.
He's not.
Yeah, he will.
Anyway, for a free plug, he'll do just about anything.
Because at least he spends a lot of money on our show and has for like about a hundred years,
and good friend and good sponsor.
Unlike some people, of course, who expect free plugs and ever spend a dime.
I don't want to let this holiday time of the year start ripping in to anybody just to please you.
But you know, you made a point of saying you forgot to rip those guys through the days in the row.
And I bought them one day.
Why should I do that?
To Scott and Ira.
I mean, you know, just because those cool cuts tend to be a little on the fatty side.
When you laugh and about, you ate a lot of free food from there.
Why are you smoking about all of this?
You're the instigator, just like that pole about George.
You like to instigate.
You like to needle from behind a scene.
And then you smile like, you know, just like the thing about Huggy and Touchy and Feely.
You ought to hear what he was saying about George off the year.
That's an old truth.
It was all true.
And I think the audience knows that.
What?
And people who know me certainly know that I'm not like that.
Like what?
Exactly.
You like to instigate a little bit.
Don't deny it.
You know, and that Touchy Feely thing, you're absolutely right.
Daring over to people, just grabbing and squeezing like he hasn't had any human, you know,
maybe just thinking as much as he tells everybody what's feminine.
I said, yeah.
It's very, you know, I didn't even repeat that and you're going out of your way to say that.
Oh, I'm going out of your way to say feminine thing.
Yes, it is.
Well, thank God I don't do that.
That's one of the unfeminant things that I do.
I don't go running up to everybody squeezing and hugging.
Women do that.
Yeah.
When they see each other, women in much more than men.
Real men don't squeeze and hugging unless they mean it.
I mean that's common knowledge.
That's why I don't have a problem.
Which is why a lot of these panasy athletes I find very, very effeminate because that whole,
I mean butt slap and especially that that that symptoms lap in a real,
faggy thing if he asked me and believe me, I'm the guy I could tell you.
Anyway.
It's moving right along.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. Listen, I've heard your
poll questions more and I moved out of this town about six years ago and went back to Seattle,
but I'm here to visit my parents on the weekend. Lucky guy. But for me personally, I mean the reason
why I moved back is because of all the damn refugees. Yeah. But how many refugees? Yeah, I was just
a little too intense on here. But I'm the poll, I mean, I'm the panther thing. Yeah. I've been
following my hockey fan. I've been following it, but we could sure use the panthers up there
in Washington. We need a hockey team up there. We got some, yeah, I don't seem to appreciate
anybody down here. Any sports or anything. No, they don't. Listen, I was telling you before
the show to them as much of a fan as I am as you know, I'm the biggest hockey fan in this town.
But the fact is hockey in this town is like trying to sell bagels in the North Pole. It doesn't
make any sense. There are no hockey fans here. There may be 500 of us and the rest of these people
are just going to kill some time. This is not a place for a hockey team. In fact, this isn't a place
for a professional sportsman. I can't write down. Yeah, that's what I was just going to say.
And really, I mean, I was just listening to you guys haven't even sold out your playoff game.
I would say maybe cock fights, you know, can survive here for many generations to come. But other than
that, I mean, baseball forget it. And the dolphins can't even sell out a playoff game, which is the
first time in six years in the whole league that they has a playoff game that's going to go on
soul. And it's embarrassing. Yeah, it is. I mean, you guys have enough problems lately with the
early on saying and the voting for more. Yeah, I think it's great. Thanks a lot. I can't wait to
get out of here though. I don't blame you. Have a happy. You too, man. Good luck. See, there's
another guy he got out, which makes us feel really bad because we're stuck here except for those
80 weeks a year that I have occasion in Amsterdam. What he's not there? Is that what you're going to tell me?
That's what I'm going to tell you about. Oh, no, they're paging him. Oh, because he's on his way in
or something. Oh, he'll take care of us. Well, point to the effect he's talking about right now. Don't
you think so? Oh, he's probably like a shacked up in the back seat of his car pulled over
in the side of the road with somebody. Anything that moves. There's another one, boy. Anything that moves.
Or maybe just the Jeff and George are like, you know, hugging him. That motor. You just started.
When you're the one that said George was a feminine. Anyway, here's another. Didn't you just get
you saying that? No. Well, you certainly, uh, intimated that. Something about being too intimate.
That one aspect of his personality. Yeah. Yeah. Too much squeezing and hugging. Bad for your image,
George. Send the enancy from New Mexico. Another facts, which I'm delighted that they're listening. This
is exciting. We had a fax from Sweden yesterday and now two from New Mexico on the same day.
Dear diary plus the leaps are in town. How you doing? Joe and Harry and Nicole and the, who else?
And grapes. They're all here. Maybe. And Pat Quinn straight in those guys. We'll put them into
shape. Pat, let's cut the crap. Okay. Enough of this lolly gagging around or whatever they call it up
there. A. So this one says, thanks for replying to the facts we said yesterday. We do understand the
point is that mine is a secondary city and can't fill the stadium. That's right. It's Indian. Ansy and
the Danny and the Jimmy. We grew up going to the often games and even back then. A lot of the games
were not sell out. That time people said it was because there were so many other things to do in my
mirror instead of going to the games. I'm not sure if that's the case now or not. Well, no, it's not.
After further thought about why the game is not sold out, we're starting to wonder if the game
would be a sell out. If it often was playing better than they had the last few weeks, no, it would not.
It would be a sell out of Dan Reiner. We still look quarterback. No. No. You are correct. It'll be
embarrassing that a playoff game is not a sell out in time for the black guy to be lifted. And we
suppose that the sports bar should be the ones making money on Saturday. Absolutely correct. In the
United States, you have a great new year. The sports bar as well. That's good for the economy.
And it's certainly good for WQAM that the game will be blacked out. In fact, you know, something I
think they got to call before is right. We should be celebrating because why not be like everybody
else? We should be selfish. That's what it's supposed to be in this town. You get a lot of free
stuff, which we now specialize in with the leaders in that and proud of it. We're going to have free
lunch coming very shortly. But why not be happy about that? Everybody who wants to follow this game,
they'll be listening to 560 WQAM or else. So how do you like that? What's that?
We're power 96. Yeah, but we get credit for that too, I believe. I think that's the way
they had that rigged up. They don't need the help over there with 100,000 watts FM with that
little jukebox they got down the hall with a kid's curvy. They don't need an extra help. We need
all the credit we can get here on 560. That's what Bluff said. You said, be sure and mark down.
You're listening to game on 560 QAM. Get off this instant. Right. Because we need to help
immediately not sooner. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Especially after the last two films. Yes, sir.
Hey, good afternoon. Good evening. Call in person tickets. You got some tickets for me?
Tickets to our backstreet boys. No. In the parking game. I want to see a real hockey team tomorrow.
Yeah. Well, the way that the leaders are playing right now wouldn't be too sure. So I don't think
you want to see that game. We don't have any tickets. We need people. Stop demeaning yourself.
Will you stop groveling? I can't stand groveling. Makes me sick to my stomach. I don't mind groveling
if it's for something really good. And believe me, none of you are it. But this business
are groveling for tickets. Jesus, don't you have any shame or self-respect at all? No. None.
I mean, all I'm going to do is like demean you and make a jackass out of you. Which a lot of
you love that. That one's far through that call yesterday. That was giving me a son of anant
age of 85 kids. Which is pretty believable. He said he was trying to outdo a
Evander Holy Molyfield or some crap like that. That guy. He loved it when I was a
tell him about that big round building over there up on the corner.
When I drove to work this morning, come by there. I made a special point. I slowed down and
took a peak. They were lined up by the ones and twos to buy those dolphin tickets. And at that
rate, now we got an hour and 40 minutes to go. So I'm assuming since this is your dolphin station,
although they never see they're really tight-lift over there. That's a fudge pack and brown and
all those other people. That's our business dolphin organization. They're the worst. But they never
will tell you how many tickets are left. But I'm assuming since the NFL extended the deadline
till 1230 then, there is no chance that the tickets will be sold out by then. And no chance that
enough will be sold. The channel 10 can afford to pick up the rest. That it will be blacked out.
It's pretty damn mother-expecting that. So when you think we get the official award by 1230 today? No.
They are tight-lipped over there. But you're real, real glam. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, how are you doing? Good morning. What is it?
Yeah, I listen to your show and I also used to listen to the fan.
Oh, you were the one, huh? Yeah. Yeah. And I guess I'm probably going to listen to Q&A more
against the fan. There you go. Excellent. You don't have much choice now, man.
You got you with the elected or not. But I listen. That's all you have.
Yeah. I just say immigrants, man.
Everybody's going to care about sports. There's too many immigrants out here. The other
they care about is politics. And as we go... That's all George Bush.
I'm just winning Florida because of all these Cubans here. You know, running for him.
And then, you know, this is a real power fight. Too many immigrants.
Too many refugees. Yeah. Okay, pal. You hang in there. Have a happy new year.
Oh, you too. All right. Okay. Let's see. I'm going to vote on my poll right now.
You know, I'm going to vote... If I can get my cursor on it, god damn it.
I voted for too many old farts. See, because apathetic citizens has covered under that.
That's one of the reasons we got too many dead people walking around. They don't give a crap about
anything. They don't care about the schools. They don't care about young people. They just want to
make sure that you're as miserable as they are. That's what they live for. That's what they take great
to lighten. That's why they're out there in their big goddamn Jew canoes driving around there
with their battleships, walking off every lane in the highway. Yeah, that's right. Every time you see
somebody in a Cadillac, I'm going to tell you right now, it's either some old Jew or some Schwarzer.
And generally, if it's a Schwarzer driving a Cadillac, it's like, you know, the tires are like bald and
half the body parts of the car like dragging on a highway or Greg Reep. Oh, Greg Reep drives a Cadillac?
Oh, who the hell is he, kid? Is he kidding anybody? No, he ain't kidding anybody.
Oh, man. Greg Reep drives a Cadillac.
If you look up the expression, the wannabe in the dictionary, it's not a word I guess, but
man, well, who knows? Maybe it is. But just look it up in the website dictionary.
Right next to wannabe will be a picture of Greg Reep, that geek who changed his kid's hair color.
Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, man?
Listen, I'm from Jacksonville and I've been Miami for the holidays. Thanks for that good pounding
last year. Sure, these guys needed that. Man, I'm a dolphin fan. Oh, okay. I said,
too bad about that game last year, 62 to 7, but anyone. This is what sucks. What sucks is I come
down here and then I find out the games not even televised. Right. This is embarrassing, man. I
cannot believe that dolphin fans have not supported their team. I know. This is embarrassing, man.
Wants that has done a wonderful job. Right. Nobody saw out this team. Nobody forgets the Jewish
poor J. Feedler. Don't forget about him. That's the prize, everybody. Let me tell you something.
I am so pissed off. I can't believe it, man. This is embarrassing. I just want to say,
Wants that in the dolphins they've been kicking butt. They've been doing awesome. I'm proud of
them and I don't care what anybody says. If you look at the more unsaid call of sports shows
on this radio station, they've been taking a lot of crap from these people too. Don't appreciate
a good effort because these people don't even understand what they're talking about.
I'm telling you, man, the fans suck here. I've come to the games. I driven all the way from Jackson
ville to come to the games. But just to see the dolphins play and Jacksonville cost $68.
Yeah. All right. Our tickets are nowhere near that for crappy seats. I'm telling you,
this is embarrassing, man. This is embarrassing. Yeah, but you've come to the land where we see
we're beyond embarrassment. Now, after this last election, I think that was the end for us.
Nothing that can happen now will embarrass us anymore. Man, I think, let me tell you something.
I think the dolphins fans need to stand behind their team. This is embarrassing.
Well, they aren't going to be more dolphin fans. They're not reporting. They're going to be
driving. They're going to drive to Miami to see this game. Some of these losers are
loofia. Okay, well, I'll see you back in. One question, man. One question before I go.
Yes, sir. Hey, man, what did Jesus ever do to you, man? I beg your pardon.
I said, what did Jesus ever do to you? What did Jesus ever do?
Yeah. Why do you hate the guy so bad? I never met him.
Crap, he's too bad. Okay, have a great life. Okay.
Go back to Jacksonville. Okay, with your Jesus bullcrap. Another one of those Jesus
Christ are guys. What did Jesus ever do to you? I'll tell you one thing, the Lord didn't give
to you, sir. And that was the sense of humor. 11, 18, 560 W QAM, best of meal. We're taking
your requests all day long. 5, 6, 7, 0, 560 pound 560 under 18T wireless line.
Reminding you are Subaru VRX Hoops hysteria contest continues at wqam.com.
Log on and start making your selections for round three of the NCC NCAA tournament.
Prizes will be given away after each round. And the grand prize winner walks away with that's
right. One thousand dollars courtesy of Subaru and Sport Radio 560 QAM. And hey, while you're
here, check out our NASCAR inside of page.
He
I'm so glad I'm here.
A time for a quince of a modest actress in the orangey room.
Soon drops keep on in on my head.
Just my girlfriend's here.
This wing club for a good time, but is dead.
Now she's mad at me.
So next time I better just bring my umbrella.
And that's your key.
This crew drops offer and me.
Something bothering you, Miss Spon.
I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans.
I find their illogic, infusion emotions, constant irritants.
Unlike you, we humans are full of unpredictable emotions.
Wow.
Yes, it'll be a phrase.
You'll be smiling.
You'll be alright.
You'll be able to do your fault.
It'll be beautiful when any dream will be really ever known.
Which is your point, Miss Spon.
I am.
Just me.
I am mine.
I'm prospected to be a part of traffic to you, only you're wrong.
You don't really want to hurt me, do you?
What's that thing?
No, I don't.
Thanks a lot.
I can't.
Sing us a great song.
Oh!
Nice.
I can help us respond to that.
It's possible we may have the pivoliate viewpoint.
Yes.
Very well, gentlemen.
Alright, again.
Please excuse me.
What are you waiting for?
If you'll excuse the intrusion captain.
Hurry the hatchet.
The copious tracer turns captain.
I feel so weak.
Oh, glad you missed his own heart.
Oh, some heart.
Oh!
Oh!
He was going to be working discreetly.
I didn't have a little flush, but I've enjoyed it.
I believe you were at the spot.
It was painful.
No way, then, well.
I don't know why I have nothing in fact of it.
Thank you, Mr. Spock.
I'm both of us.
Coming soon from directors, George Lucas, and Francis Ford Total Up.
The newest chapter in the Star Wars saga.
When the health of two families collide in space, they become Star Wars.
Within all Starcast, James Earl Jones as Darth Vito and Marlon Brando as Obey Rob Canoby.
You should not have come back.
You're power's own will.
You can't win, though.
If he strikes me down now, my family will become more powerful than you're comfortable imagine.
I was the one who got up.
I'm the master of evil, sir.
Al Pacino as Han Solo Mio.
Come on, Greedo.
You want some of me?
Tell him.
You've got to mess with your face.
They helped him my little friend.
You've got to be a sister alone as Chibacala.
Look at you.
You were always good.
You were good.
With you feature footage never before seen of the ominous Don Java.
And Vibon Vito is causing Marlon Brando's body.
He's starting off with a Vito fitager.
Or Pacino.
You must know how Comhan Solo Mio turned Greedo into an egg in potato pie.
Tony Danza as Luca Skywalker.
Yoda?
We are...
Shot again.
Work with my son.
You must go to the devil's house.
The devil's house?
Is that in the swamp?
No, it's a bar on seven street where our guys hang out.
You must go there and learn the way to...
The sauce.
The sauce.
The sauce is what gives a jet on his power, his energy.
We raise the sauce.
And to my kitchen, it's in your kitchen.
It grows between the sausage and the radio.
The pasta and the meatballs.
It combines everything again.
Moot special guest appearance by Joe Pesci as Princess Leone.
What are the photos of this?
Yoda is your name.
I'm Yoda.
It's Daniel Pada's son, go to the house with me.
It's an orange and fine tonight here.
I'm Yop-Shi-Yop.
Yoda comes in and takes a hold of my sister's wedding.
I don't fucking show.
But you, your friend and the leopard...
Happy all the night and take a nap.
You haven't seen anything until you see everything.
And don't just the final check of the saga.
Return of the judai.
Coming soon to a temple near you.
No, the sauce.
Who will see?
No, no.
Don't shoot.
You've got two jobs in the morning.
I smoke two jobs the night.
I smoke two jobs in the afternoon.
I'm the theme I gave for me instead
I was good and I was fine
First take care of this
So now I hope to join
with again in the car I'm supposed to join
I hope to join when I play video games
And that's everything I was in for
I just know to join
I hope to join in this time of the
It's doing time of war
I hope to join
I hope to join before I hope to join
And then I hope to more
I'm the theme I gave for you
I hope to join in this time of the
I hope to join
I hope to join in the after
This is making me feel alright
I hope to join in this time of the
It's doing time of war
I hope to join before
I hope to join in
And then I hope to more
That's what I give
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
That's what I do
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm dying on the earth
I'm dying on the earth
I'm my own grandpa
I'm my own grandpa
It sounds funny
I know but it really is so
Yes, I am my own grandpa
Many many years ago when I was 23
I was married to a widow who was pretty as could be
This widow had a grown-up daughter who had hair of red
My father fell in love with her and soon they too were wet
This made my dad my son-in-law and changed my very life
For my daughter was my mother because she was my father's wife
You complicate the matter even though it brought me joy
I soon became the father of the bouncing baby boy
My little baby them became a brother-in-law to dad
And soon became my uncle though it made me very sad
For if he was my uncle then that also made him brother of the widows grown-up daughter
Who of course was my stepmother
And his father's wife had a son who kept them on the run
And he became my grandchild because he was my daughter's son
My wife is now my mother's mother and it makes me blue
Because although she is my wife she's my grandmother too
If my wife is my grandmother then I'm her grandchild
And every time I think of it it nearly drives me wild
For now I have become the strangest case you ever saw
As husband of my grandmother I am my own grandpa
I am my own grandpa
I am my own grandpa
It sounds funny I know but it really is so
Yes I am my own grandpa
There was no farmer who lived out here
I he sad in the middle just shaking his face
That some boys who were down by the grip
They're feeding the waters, their hands on their marbles
And play things and half-pass forward
Their female young lady she looked like a pretty young creature
She sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and leases
And white fluffy duck
She said she wasn't earning a new way to bring up her children
So they would not spend while the boys in a barge yard were shoveling
Reptus and litter from yesterday's hunt
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eye that up fell off
Down by the dock even a black come man with a sigh of a home in the country
With a big fence out front
If he has her phone like me she'd show him her next door
That dog who was subject to fence
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her smelt in her hands
With a movement so quick and then she'd bend over
And sub-count his candy so tasty made of butter sky
And then he spread with cream all over her cupcakes
That she had left out on her shelf
If you think this is dirty you can go and f**k yourself
Today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today
In the spirit of unity and understanding
They're white folks
Couple of things to put to know
When I'm born I'm black
When I grow up I'm black
When I get sick I'm black
When I go out in the sun I'm black
When I go out in the cold I'm black
When I get scared I'm black
And when I die I'm still black
But you my white man
When you're born you're pink
When you grow up you're white
When you get sick you are green
When you go out in the sun you go red
And when you get cold you turn blue
When you get scared you turn yellow
And the happiest time of my life is when white people die
You turn purple
And you got the damn nerves to call me colored
Your fat rich reminds me of my mother
And now the first question has determined by a flip of a coin
It goes to vice-president you grow
Vice-president you have questioned whether a governor bush
Has the experience to be president of the United States
What exactly do you mean?
Your births to do boom boom boom boom
Do you want to do boom boom boom boom boom boom
Can I have a brush one little bit about it?
Oh God!
Oh God!
Is it fair to say okay the differences between vice-president Gore and George W. Bush, governor Bush of the fall
You are who are doing something on the consumption end
You are doing something on the production
Let me clarify
You have a governor bush
You have a elected president
Did you try to overturn the FDA's approval last week of the abortion bill?
Are you 486?
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
That's perfect, Greg
Holy mo mo mo mo mo
Holy mo mo mo mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Baby baby baby baby
Governor, I will go to the Supreme Court question in the moment
But make sure you understand your position on our issue 486
If you are elected president, we do not throw appointments to the FDA
You will not support legislation to overturn this
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
That's president
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
Oh God!
You are zero for nothing
Thank you governor bush, I's president door
See you next week
And for now, from Boston Action Rail, thank you very much
Get the bush brother's comedy out
With George and Jeff Stolken, George Stolken
Dr. Rudolph Stolken
Dr. Joe, what's their problem?
Dr. Joyce Rowe, that's what her justice meant
No problem
Uncle Joe Stolken
You know what I'm saying?
Two-christ Valley and the triplot pop pop dancing
Here they are
Well, of course, brother
Uncle Stolken, thank you very much
Thank you
We thought we'd start off with a little song by the mills brothers
Thank you all, remember it?
Ready George?
Doing here you ready?
Um...
One, two, three
Up a lazy river in the old mill run
Lazy river in the new bay sun
Lingerie wild in the shade of a tree
Throw waves or troubles
Dream with me
Up a lazy river where the robin's on
Wait, the morning
George, why'd you stop singing?
Okay, okay, what?
I don't think it's funny
Well, the mills brothers, you know
Well, yeah, they were brothers, but what?
Well, they were like...
Negroes
I look George, I really wanted us to do it in blackface, remember?
I used to do it in living room when big guitarries came over, right?
Okay, but I remember when you delivered Florida to me
Yes, I only did what's right
I think to some present and all
Yeah, I think you could deliver better material than this
You and your left spinach the song, shall we?
But you did...
Did you...
George, let's finish the song
Um...
That's...
Okay, up a lazy river
I'll have to be a little bit of a...
Oh, for days, I'll have to finish the song
Thank you, thank you, Walter, for blessing us
Well, for days, coming hours
It's not you, by...
Amaco, Chedrock, Hovel, Chel, number one and a half, through the office
Okay, hit, and next up
Put it boiling, duck, get your tent on 5-6-BQ-A-M
Great article by Jim Mullin in New Times
Thanks, Julio, for factoring this over me
Because I did forget to pick up New Times on the way downstairs by the elevators
By the elevators that don't work there is
But anyway, Marlon's cut a deal
And once again, the pathetic public doesn't have a clue what just blew by
The cynicism continues aided and abetted by the hypocritical Alex Pingapicania
Great, I'm not going to read it on the air
Because I'm not reading stuff on the air till after the New Year, till after your Monday
Are we going to be here Monday?
No! No, go to lots of football for our Monday
Nobody in their right mind works on New Year's Day
I'll tell you that right now
So this is our last show of the year, it's our third anniversary on QA
Which means absolutely nothing to anybody here, putting me all our bluffs pretty worked up about it
So we're just here to serve them
They just help you make it through the big array for the big Panther Bruins game tonight
Under the new regime, the interim temporary temporary
Those guys in the morning, do they have any clue what's the word?
None!
Zero!
Clueless!
Including Goldie
And then they got bowtie on there when I walked in this morning
They're just sucking and sucking and sucking on that big fat jowler, his man, just brutal
Here's a mobile in bouquet, hello
Happy New Year, now
Back to you sir
Hey, all these snores today, you should play the free ticket lady card
Yeah, that's a good idea
Hey listen, I respect your opinion on sports a lot, I really do
Yeah, two questions
Thank you, I have no sports here, yes
Number one, why do they keep the Murray Brothers on so long, needing a flyer fan
And when those guys left, we brought them the plane tickets down here
You don't, why don't you folks get it?
Wayne is selling the team and as a result, everything was in limbo
But because things got so bad and the public became so agitated
And there got to be so much of psychosis about it that he couldn't really couldn't wait anymore
So this was a way to do an interim bandaid kind of a thing until they can complete the sale
To try to pacify everybody and say well at least we're doing something and that's why Tore is oh yeah
These guys don't do this and if you don't do that, which is all a lot of small
Because he's you know, he's just to figure it at this point
So this is going to suck
Well, you don't see any changes doing it
No, I don't
Just because Dwayne Sutter standing behind a bench with all the respect to him, I'm sure he's the nice guy
But that's not the solution to their problem, lack of talent
And you look up and down the roster, lack of talent, a lot of bad mistakes by the general manager
That's the problem
Well they got the great sports of work plan for him
Yeah, that'll do it, yeah
Hey, one more thing, question, am I wrong by the dolphin not selling out
Don't the dolphins lose a lot of money from not getting the TV time to add and all that money?
No, the dolphins don't get the TV money
They get the money for the broadcast rights from the NFL, I mean channel 10
You know, it's just a network affiliate but they don't lose any broadcast revenue rights
Okay, because I was I was going to go in a lump
Wow, it's just a mega-dialogue
I'm glad you mentioned that though because for years I supported the owners with this blackout thing in the NFL
But with the kind of money, the kind of $2,000,000 monies that are being spent by the networks down to televised the NFL games
The idea that they blackout games that aren't sold out is just a slap in the face to people everywhere
They're not unacceptable
Yeah, that's why I was wondering why can't these like milky millionaire billionaires buy 50 ticket feature, a hundred ticket teaching
Giving them way to charity?
No, the whole idea of the blackout is unacceptable
Once upon a time, you know, when the in-house attendance was very important to the economy of the league
Then I could understand it but nowadays it doesn't really make all that much difference
What's important is that your organic TV broadcast rights they get
Hey, happy forum
And back to you, happy summer
Yeah, come on, quick, quick, bleeding the money out of the public already, where? Give something back to the fan
No, come on, just one time
No, you bastard, you pricks
Here's a lady in Miami, hello
Hello
Yes, ma'am
Hi, Mia, how are you doing?
Great
I'm just going to say happy, happy new year
And I didn't get to, you weren't taking any class the other day on the charity
And I just want to say you guys need to continue that, you know
Yeah
That's great work
But on the subject here are these refugees, man
Well, that's the subject is the refugees, I didn't realize I was going to say that
You just can't get a decent meal, you know?
Yeah
Miami has just turned into just a little freak show
You know?
And this is this whole voting thing, you know?
Yeah
It's awful, awful, what do you think about that?
I say watch out for the freaks, sweetheart, and go straight in yourself out, get some help
She was right about that though, it's a freak show
And there's no extra charge, how do you like that?
So instead of going to Fort Myers to watch some stupid football game, let's all pack into a bunch of buses
And go to Miami and watch a freak show
Yeah
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Hello, Mia
Yes, sir
Hey, I love your show
And I can hear you
Same to you
I wanted to say I've listened to the last couple of dolphin broadcasts
Some funny stuff there
Yeah
I don't know if you heard during the Tampa game that there was many references to the players trying to keep their hands on the wet slippery balls
Yeah
And then during the last one, when Mandage got locked in the closet, that was not the fun in another bizarre twist though
I have been banished, I've been put in a closet outside the locker
And I can't get out of here
Yes
Well, if we got a lot of that
Listening in Miami who might have a connection to the stadium here, please call and tell them to let Jim Mandage out of the closet
All right
Thank you very much, Theo, I appreciate you coming to me
Okay, so Jim trying to get out?
Yes
Oh, okay
Well, feel free to yell for help at any time
And the good news is Mandage is out of the closet
All right
Although I thought that happened the day that he put the picture of the quarterback from Michigan up there on the Tommy, what's his name?
What was his name?
See out of sight out of mind
What was his name, Joe? The quarterback from it? It's right back here
Tommy Brady, nice going
He was one of the Brady Bunch Bunch
Five, six, seven, oh five
I think that basically what it boils down to this seventh heaven show on Warner Brothers
This is the Brady Bunch for adults
You know, for horny adults
And we always did wonder what Florence Anderson used to do with all that western art, you know
Here's Parkland, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
Long time listen to For a Some Guy
All right
All right
I got to tell you something
Yes
You talk about a few many old people in South Florida
Yes
I work at a major supermarket right next to Wind War
And go, can I create?
Oy
So, walking dead
Yeah
It's terrible, something happens
I think you reach a certain age
And all of a decency and manners and politeness just goes
Only here
I've seen the most miserable people in my entire life
And I have a pretty good disposition
You have to sit back and kind of chuckle inside
Because it's miserable, it's horrible
If they want to suck the life right out of you
Yeah, they want to suck it
Anyway, yeah, right
Keep up to the work
Okay, thanks, pal
And I love listening to you
Thanks a lot for being there
Have a happy
Have a happy New Millenium baby
Because that's what it is it's coming
And if you thought the New Millenium was last year, you're wrong
As usual, you're wrong
And you got sucked in by all that media hype
But that's okay, made a lot of money for a lot of people
And that's what the economy is good for the economy
That's what it's all about
It's all request day
We got lots of tickets for all the sporting events over the weekend
So just call in, just ask and we'll rip that you in ass
Huh?
They'll be asking you watch
Backstreet boys tickets for that big concert coming up
We got tickets for the A1 concert
I can do it
Yeah, they're still doing it
They still look pretty good too
Anyway, so how's that lunch coming?
We got the Jeff Cohen is underway
It's out of the way
And what was that cost of the thing you said about the hardness of my pasta?
I didn't say sh**
Yeah, I heard that, I heard about it
You're not fooling anybody Jeff
You're not fooling anybody, mister, when I ponytail in that vest buckle
Hi, Felicia, Jeannie, I love your dress
And your hair looks so shiny and manageable
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
Yes, Greg, I've stopped using head and shoulders a long time ago
I mean, honestly
You should go down there so there's any way
Yeah, right
So what are you using now?
Well, it's light-testing shoulders only but that all that's added in
It's just the head, let's tell them about it, girl
It's just higher than your old hands
It's just a head, round of seconds
And can you raise them?
It's just a head, a tail, a tail, a tail, a tail, a tail, a tail
It's why I bet it's just a tail, it feels better if you get some head
Wow
Look at that, I did that
Lots of places, kids
You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you this head
In just a few minutes, I'll have you shampooed, dials and blow-dry
Gee, you don't miss a lick, do you?
Hands up, breathe
Does this have any senses?
Not at all, chicks
I'd rather say if there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10
Darling, that's that price
Everyone should be getting head
That's right, chicks
When you say head, you said a mouthful
I can't hide my doctor reigns for a lot of kids
Can you bring them away?
Can you tell us why you should get head?
The first of uvety, each leap hair is volatile
Leading a wreck, lifting and shabbed
Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root
Leaving your hair soft, shiny and exhausted
Nothing does the job like head
Great
Can I get head from my head, or do I have some bruise?
Probably
But you might want to try your girlfriend first
So about an inch and a half feet, eight feet, eight feet
And then a foot, toes on the lawn, hey
Yeah, yeah, no better
And you'll feel pretty good
And again, you get head going up these steps
Not here with lots of volume
Nothing gets it up like head
A voteable to price, you won't find her to swallow
And it's going down every day
Honey, we're out in Sanford
Who's out in get some head?
What did you say?
I said I want you to go out and get head
Oh, thank you, sweet Jesus, I'm going down down
And that makes a great holiday gift
That's Christmas, my wife gave me some head
Then I gave her a pearl necklace
I've never seen her so choked out
My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married
Now I'm lucky if I get drug and lotion and a national juice
I've got a bunch of drugs, you will find out about it
And see if I can find my fellow young pals
In head in the tower, you'll find out how
In head the number one
No, no, no, no
I said I want you to get head, head, head, head
Until I can go, get head, head
Yes, you never, before I get head
And head, head, head, head
And if you get some head, you'll feel better
And you get some head
Oh, yeah, no, no, no, no
Oh, god
Head shampoo, come on, give it a shot
My hair looks grumpy
You the nap
Greg H. you the near Roger show
Will Murphy on today
Instead, run a Gambler's putthole radio
560WQAM
In its continuing effort to cater to all three of you
Slacked job lifeless automaton
It's about to present
and regre, washing his socks.
I love these socks.
My wife got me these socks.
My favorite kind.
You know, dark brown with the gold diamonds down each side of the ankle.
Gotta get that one a good scrub now.
And down by that, where my, where my wife digs the hole because I can trim my toenails back.
I'm gonna start on the other one.
What is this, what does?
What's the matter?
I have no numbers.
Oh, I did take the, oh, oh, oh, oh, you didn't even scratch you sassy.
That'd be a good little pet after that, director, and go back to your office.
Okay.
Why, there's nothing to worry about.
Back inside, in schedule, maybe clear channel of bias.
Keep up the bad boy, Texas, a problem, a problem, a problem, a problem.
Oh, just since the, what does he roll?
Love by milling arrows across the land.
And when two years old is next wife now, she was hanging with another man.
And she was spent home now, for a night, that's she massed, and a pair of gloves and back he went.
But she was keeping her friend the waiter and giving more than 15%.
Where else you can tell?
Start a sight and end that conjunction, oh.
Was that the airport before the pedal?
She made a touchdown in Oshikago.
A check tonight, the Alabama hotel.
But the L.A.G.A.
Well, he flagged Oshik, my illegal procedure.
With a knife, that's a brilliant penalty.
He said with conviction, that's what gets when you act a while.
I don't hear it every way.
He'd get away from goal, pressing something to his cover, wishing he was there.
But it was a set of bones, known out of his soul, suicide by summa.
Keeping his head, where the fight had got him out, now it's up to the jury.
But he was surely thinking of a life, not people that are up there, they feel bad for Roger.
They forget it ain't okay.
That's why.
Yeah!
Have to wipe it!
How come I made O.K. so black?
Oh, I think I'll turn on your Roger.
Hold it right there.
Ow, don't touch that dial.
Oh my god, it's sunny.
It's Alan Neal fight, too.
Sunny, rip it.
Yeah, it looks like we got him.
Thanks for the tip, Mrs. AquaCoyce.
You're welcome, Sunny.
I mean, I know he was a sit-go when I landed him the fight.
I need to look at this.
He even has this bill he was looking at.
My god, the tip-bunding picture.
Looks like we stopped other future mess where he or Neal's come back more on.
The streets of Halondale I face again, thanks to you, Sunny.
Just doing my job as an AquaCoyce.
By the way, I'm gonna need your name and phone number we contact you later.
Let me get you my card.
Oops, I dropped my fight.
Say, what's that then?
Fill out of your purse.
Oh my god, if you play fake over the game, I'm gonna fucking throw up.
Oops, I'm falling.
Let's go watch this fight with you down.
Let's watch the crew.
So round, down, in my hand down as we go.
I hope, Neal, I hope.
I say, I'm so excited because I hope.
So if you wanna sweat and now don't go messing around,
then you're flexing to get down.
Look out now, the folks are coming around.
Look out now, the folks are coming around.
Fill down.
When you get there, fast, wary.
Down into a space we get hairy.
Everyone knows it's very scary.
That's it, I feel merry when you come.
I hope, you get, I hope.
Please say, I choose a big guy in the sky.
I fall for a step the blind, the sky,
who was born a captain, was born, you say the man.
Ain't you even don't get off of the grass?
You choose and don't get off of the grass.
You choose and don't get off of the grass.
Feel fat.
Don't know why he's saying hello.
And he's shaking his pants, bro.
Everyone knows I'm cast, bro.
Butchered on the asphalt and they say,
Why, I hope.
Don't be, I don't.
I think he should be swaying mama.
Tide ropes.
So when you get to choose,
when I don't be stupid now,
when you meet with a doubt.
How bad and for bad,
going to help you,
and for you,
going to help and for that,
going to help,
farewell.
You didn't normally participate,
feeling it's fitted to Sunsea,
why the hell did I come to Cuba?
Why, baby, won't it get?
Yeah, hop into my Lincoln.
Oh, it's a nice car, baby.
You bet you I have.
I have a seat.
You're a cubo, man.
It's dinner time.
Yeah, man.
Oh, okay, man.
Hey, what's that?
It's never, it's a...
No!
Oh, no, man.
It's a hooker, bitch.
Mommy!
I'm a bitch, Mommy!
That's right.
It's hooker, bitch,
Mommy!
With all the flying accessories.
It's neck stockings.
Three in spite of you.
Can you in needle mics on the arm,
and removable teeth?
Oh, man.
You're changing.
Oh, I forgot we keep this.
I put on a wrist and it's good.
And I sense the roof all we're doing, baby.
Boy, yeah, man.
That bitch is down, T.
Oh, man.
Take off that, man.
It's your bitch.
Hooker, bitch, Barbie.
And coming soon, Andre, the talking pin.
What?
Bitch, get your hair, she'll be gone.
She'll be gone in a long time.
Time 60.
WQA app.
Your sport-horror mind-it-station presents
the Neil Roger Show.
Neil won't be in again today,
so that we may provide you with more
titillating entertainment.
Well, seated for this area.
And the management state of mind.
Live from the right side of the girl.
It's Miami, Hurricane Girls' dodgeball.
Fourth, already on 5.60.
WQA app.
Thanks the listening audience for making us
number one from Tentatool.
To show our gratitude.
We'll punish you with another live broadcast of the Miami
Hurricane.
As they go again for this Tiffany's Muffet Sorry Class.
In a rough and tumble sand castle building competition.
Oh, you are right.
WQA app.
I took a call for the Monica.
They say the future be inside for me.
Now I can't get no job.
Because I don't got no more to work to do.
I was talking like a lonely girl.
The Monica thought they had this way.
Now I can't do nothing.
But my hair is just saying that's okay.
Change my name to shoot for me.
Drive a doomset in the corner in the Cadillac.
I remember when I was dealing.
All the white men's cars hanging outside.
The building they're bought.
Grind the blues out by the teeth.
White devil's got to know your protein.
And time's fast.
Photophonics will fit my life to change now.
Time's fast.
Got you to go in and sell no crack or paint.
Crack or paint.
Crack or paint.
Crack or paint.
Crack or paint.
Crack or paint.
Crack or paint.
Crack or paint.
Crack or paint.
Crack or paint.
Crack or paint.
No, they want to borrow your song.
If I had to make you sound funny.
Got nothing to do with the rest of the scene.
Now I got to make more money.
Play the fool.
Sound good to me.
I got plenty of money.
You're not even.
You't born a thing.
Get me anywhere.
Maybe I'll look in all right misch.
Feel the first punch before, then they're going to take some money.
I am very old, and a fridge again.
I remember when I was dealing.
All the white men's cars hanging outside.
The building they're bought.
Grind the blues out by the teeth.
White there was not noa clap oST and
T -h.
But if Onics would get my nova chain, territories.
NACK-H team.
C L A T I T A Excellent.
Practice on the path, please, practice your
Hipgo.
Practice straight in Your Power, Of Team Fact are
St Shallecty.
Where!
Where!!
T-T10!
Start on the path.
That will urge as much as you want!
Hello.
Hello.
I was calling about the wabbit you have the sail in the paper.
Okay.
What kind of wabbit are they?
Okay.
I have some lops.
Yeah.
And I have some lops.
And some spotted lops and some solid colored lops.
Oh, wonderful.
And I have a straightie or so and I have a six board.
A little dwarf?
There's small radii.
Oh, okay.
We have a farm.
And we like to play with the rabbits on the farm.
You wouldn't happen to have any like little wabbit handcuffs.
Do you want?
Do little handcuffs for the rabbit?
Yes.
Yes.
I never heard of them.
Well, we use them when we hunt them on the farm.
We like to hunt the rabbits.
And we take them and nail them to a twee by the ears and skin them alive.
There was.
Hello.
And now, if that's what you go to a gaseous rabbit, sir, I couldn't say you're a rabbit.
We have a little game we play called all wabbits must die.
No, sir.
No, sir.
No, sir.
I wouldn't say you're a rabbit.
A firm fifty dollars.
I like to hunt the wabbit.
Well, that's okay.
You go out in the wild and you hunt rabbits, but these aren't for keel.
I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmaskably.
No, sir.
I'm sorry.
Couldn't say you're a rabbit.
Sometimes we even spare them through the head with a rusty water.
First you get down on your knees, then all with your rope, the reed.
Now your head with paper fat down.
Take your flex, take your flex, take your...
You're one ever, step.
You want it.
You have cleared them with the ponteas.
Everybody say it's on carry, all they're doing is finding it and riding.
Yeah.
Yeah, in line in that professional step into the small professionals.
They're the guy who's got religion.
I'll tell you if you're sins are original.
If it is, I plan it safer.
Drink the wine and chew the wafer.
Two quarters, eight, eight.
You'll name the plan for a spence, yeah.
And get down upon your knees, then all with your rope, the reed.
Now your head with paper fat down.
Take your flex, take your flex, take your flex.
Take your thoughts on your abdomen when it's wrong to like a Roman.
Our family, our chief's good to see you.
Get the classic, the classic, the classic, the classic, the classic, the classic, the classic.
Are you listening here?
Is that all spunk yet another?
Is your head in looking center?
Here's Dr. Jordan, medical director of the Heron Skin treatment center.
We love you.
And exciting news.
The next move on Moonwear here is a bad body chemical for a side high growth at an optimum.
Commonly known as GHK.
An hour since then, we have developed avaport, an old natural herbal treatment.
So I thought the H2P could take into your hair powerful.
You start growing in Moonwear in the bulging area, guaranteed to go.
And finally, like John Rocker, if I wound up losing to George W. Bush.
He might just go and say,
All the counting spends a spendeth.
What's your balance now?
All my votes, taken away.
No bring it, John.
Well, I feel like I've been rear-endeth.
And upon my head, there sits the Christmas play.
Because I'll look around over that reindeer.
Cause the United States of record.
It looks like it may finally be over.
And or maybe it's not doable.
Oh, George.
Look at this.
Look.
At 5.60 WQM, don't be stepping on me.
Okay, don't be stepping on nobody else for a long time.
That poll so far today, the biggest problem with South Florida is 76 votes on Air.
As I speak, too many refugees, 27.
What a surprise that is.
Why did you just come out and say it the way you mean?
Too many freaking Cubans.
That's what you want to say.
And that's you Cuban haters.
They just haven't seen the right ones. That's their problem.
Too many refugees, 27.
Crooked politicians, 20.
Too many old parts.
That was my vote, 17.
An apathetic citizen, a dozen.
A dirty dozen, 76 votes.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Are you there?
Yes, sir.
I'm here.
You there?
Yeah, I'm here.
I just called the pro player stadium.
Yeah.
There's 2,200 tickets left.
We still have time.
Yeah, right.
Maybe.
2,200 in my ass.
Just that election.
Yeah, okay.
Thanks for the bull crap.
Here's the news from over the west coast from our friends at 770.
Over there in four miles.
Are friends?
Are they our friends?
Anyway, it says the sports bars in the Northport Myers or in April.
Whatever that means.
Swamp Buggie Lounge, which is a lady I guess, she called about Stevie Tomato Sports
page, 11491, US 41 and 4 Myers.
Or Corner Shirley Street and Pine Ridge Road.
There's also a Stevie Tomato Sports page in Naples.
And Swamp Buggie Lounge, corner of 9th Street and US 41 in downtown Naples.
So there you go.
Look better way to spend a great weekend than in Naples or 4 Myers watching it off into the
Colts.
Can you think of any better way to spend your-
Huh?
Seriously, that's fantastic.
Go over there and pick your nose for a couple hours.
Do a little take your corn cob pipe.
Or just take your corn cob.
Now that we're picking over on you people on the west coast, are we picking on them?
Sure.
Why not?
We got to feel better than somebody.
When you live here in South Florida on the southeast coast, you have to find some people that you feel
much better about then.
And they're- they're it.
People in Tampa.
We feel better than them.
Clear water.
Oh yeah.
Done eating.
How about Cluiston?
Here's a mobile-uncluiston, hello.
Hey sir, how you doing?
Okay.
It's good to talk to you.
This is the first time I ever had a chance.
How about-
How about-
How about-
Did you play a good segue to what I wanted to say about the election down in Miami?
It's too bad that you even have photo thought all the time down there and you want to blame it on the Republicans?
When it's a democratic area?
Come on.
Anything you blame the Supreme Court?
Sir, and we're not talking about that.
It's all over.
Nobody's blamein' anybody.
We're talking about moving onward and upward.
Can you do that or is that not-
Oh, I can move on and upward.
Okay.
Well good.
Move onward and outward as an off-the-god damn phone.
Redneck.
Oh man, I'm gonna tell you.
Just like that great facts I had which I already shmit canned.
That that letter to the hero, about what a great show it is on this end and the caller is generally speaking.
They're not up to the standard.
They're not up to snuff.
They may be doin' some snuff, but they're not up to snuff.
They just don't care enough to send their very best.
Maybe that is their very best which I think is most likely.
Don't you?
Yeah, that's it.
That's their best.
So that's why the show is a very accurate parameter of this town of what it's all about.
That's why you had your alien and that's why you had your bogus elections.
Because that's what we got here.
That's why you got your once-or-ball game tomorrow.
So what are you bella-ick at about?
Well, you should become the expected here.
Its mediocrity is what we're all about.
And since mediocrity is so popular in America, we ought to be a very popular place.
In fact, that should be the American ethic strived to be mediocre.
Because life in America these days is a celebration of mediocrity.
And if you don't believe me, just turn on your TV set.
Any time, any channel.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Well, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, that was really quick today.
You know, I guess everyone's out buying those tickets.
Yeah.
I hear the only four of them left.
Yeah.
I guess everyone took it a heart.
You said boycott the Panthers, but they got a little confused.
I haven't gone to a game since my giant football fan.
It paid $750 back in 86 for the Super Bowl.
And I went, I was a fan and stuff.
But down here, this isn't a football fan town or anything.
It's not an anything town.
It's just here.
This isn't a place where they care about sports, about politics.
They're just here.
They like the fact that it's warm and people generally leave them alone.
And that's it.
I mean, if there's a reason, lots of those are not to go to another stadium.
Here it is.
If you're not going to support the supposedly football town's team.
I want to tell you something.
University, I'll say it again.
University of Miami played basketball two days ago.
We carried that game just like the one we're carrying this afternoon.
It said 1,300 people there.
There were maybe more 300 people.
This afternoon, maybe there'll be 50 people there.
What's the point?
Why do we need a god named Arena?
So we can have more empty stadiums that are waiting to keep wasting money.
That's true.
And as far as you hit it on the head, as far as the NFL.
I mean, it's all about television, web, and you want to put the game off.
Whether they put it on and stuff, picking on the damn bastards out there.
Put the game on.
Let them enjoy it.
Absolutely.
Just one last thing.
I know you're not talking about Bush.
I'm not talking about the election.
No.
But he, a secretary of defense.
He picked the guy from the Nixon administration.
No, from Ford.
From Ford.
From Ford.
Nobody.
I hear that.
He's going to go back to Herbert Hober's economic people, please.
Never ate that, Pat.
Yeah.
Back to Papa Bush and Joe Ford.
But why not pick people from Jerry Ford's administration?
He wants to have somebody just as dumb as he is.
He has to help them out.
Oh, it's scary.
But let's not talk about that.
Okay.
There's nothing we can do about it.
Quite overspilt milk and avoided ballots and fixed elections.
Nothing we can do about that now.
Let's just keep moving on.
We're not putting a big smile on your post.
Do the best we can.
Give out some free tickets.
Here's Hialia.
Hello.
Neil, it's Friday.
Your show is still boring.
Yeah.
And you're still listening.
Thank you very much.
And you're still a pain in the ass.
And go play with yourself again.
Oh, it's a rub-raw.
Sorry.
Little boys in Hialia.
That's the story.
That's going to be one of the chapters of my book.
Little boys in Hialia, who use this show as a play toy.
When their own play toy became Saan Roy.
Here's Herbert Pines.
Hello.
Saan Roy.
Yes, sir.
Happy New Year, brother.
Thank you.
Listen, that last guy from Hialia, I recognize his voice from the back.
But on his feelings from the verse you'll know.
What I can do maybe, because I'm gonna..
Because he knows you'll hear that, your first."
I'm a minister of allowance.
I know that.
I literally a player?
after the cliff feeling good stop being raped that's my suggestion and you
know the tempo of the town and you're right on top of it 23,000 empty seats
tomorrow nobody wants to go 23,000 or what was it how many empty seats is there
to mark a scout out 12,000 12,000 empty seats to work so we're right on top of it
okay pal hey could I get one request yes sir the bridge tender no that's enough
here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil yes sir how you doing all right I got a
couple of comments yeah first of all I used to listen to 1700 fans oh now I'm up to two of them huh yeah
it's too bad no it's not too bad it was a piece of crap you know sometimes it's
better in your space it was the worst gardener was never better in this radio
station was the worst garbage I ever heard in my life I turned it on twice I'd
never heard such amateur hour there are there are kind of garden radio stations
in America that are better than that was my second concert is a bunch of
ever-growing adults are playing radio my second comment is about the so many old
people yeah and it's not just that they're here they're sitting there driving cars
causing accidents I can't take that and my third comment is you have dolphin tickets
yeah can I have some sure go ahead they got the 12,000 to get you right now head right
over to P.P. Park they got all you want you'll fill up your pocket with them and take
whatever money you've got see I got a message for some of your sparsers out there see the fan
they had about 50 people listening they had to boardops from here at about 30 sparsers out there
who all into his ball games I you know it's a new year coming and if you're gonna if
you're gonna make a difference if anything in life means more than a stupid ball game to you
then learn how to read learn how to vote you know these things and forget about ball games
forget about glorifying all these a little bit jocks because that's not where it's at
they're not where it's at okay get with it get with the program start being productive
instead of so like reproductive you get my drift here's a mobile in Hollywood hello
hey good morning I guess it's amazing you know you have to say to 80 different people
yesterday that you had no dolphin tickets and they still keep asking I have no tickets
for anything I said I have my own tickets the Panther tickets and and they still as soon as
they hear tickets that's the magic word I just want to see that fight at the end of that
king's game list I would like I got laid out no oh my god the place got so so they had to carry them
up I saw plenty of the Atlanta Rangers game the boy Atlanta's really playing great and a
ranger stink of joy now they were born like crazy there at the garden that was that loved it
I wish I would have seen that I missed it for the wild just they kicked their ass right
I gotta get a chemical for me yes sir I'm speaking through the keyhole okay thanks buddy you got
a pound happy new year you two above okay oh not playing you too though under any circumstances
picking through the keyhole which used to be one of Joe's favorites along with the one oh yeah child
haha
D
on this guy
Mommy used her phone as a pillow for daddy's head.
Mommy's head was softened.
She almost got whipped wash.
I don't know what she was drinking but you got a nutma stash.
They've been through the e-hole and she'll want to see.
What are short tunes? I think more than anything on TV.
Mom and dad were hooked together like my linking wands.
Last time I thought something like that.
Mom went yelling at the doors.
Dad was breathing heavy.
Mom was on her knees.
He must have had a poopful cause she took them where she pees.
What's work?
He's been through the e-hole.
Watching mom and dad leaving her in the e-hole.
The most funny ever has.
But we watched those little longer and I started to get sick.
If daddy's name is Helmer, why mom asked for dick?
Daddy's grown and his eyes broke back.
Mommy wanted more.
She went back on top of him but all he did was snore.
He's been through the e-hole.
Has a minute passed.
I can't wait to drive his dad on the door in my class.
Oh right.
I can't wait to drive his dad on the door in my class.
5.50Q.
And how's that poll coming?
A lot of votes on there.
106 already.
The biggest problem with soft Florida is.
Too many refugees.
39.
Crooked politicians.
26.
Too many old parts.
24.
Apathetic citizens.
17.
See they're not going to say apathetic citizens because they would be like a commentary about themselves.
Are they going to say that?
No.
Oh Jesus.
Are you f***ing kidding me?
I'm not that famous.
To take it and dance.
We've always been together before I became heaven for an update.
Having a land and nothing awaits us.
That's best friends.
Best friends are we.
I love you, yay.
Oh no.
My life has to question.
My son was watching your program on where my army debate was.
15.
And I would like to know if you're some kind of anti-Christ or something.
Because now my son wants to worship the devil because he thinks it's cool.
And you also want to just as ladies and solicit on now.
I don't know if the whole 10 or 59 is the anti-Christ channel.
Please, I'm really concerned.
And I would like to know if you're the anti-Christ.
Thank you.
And please, I've seen you somewhere.
I wouldn't even stop in any water because you know you turned my son into a baguette.
And you made my son the anti-Christ.
Thank you.
And have a nice day.
So, God says all I want is a telephone number of the cards.
Telephone cards that you are advertising on your show.
I've been calling different people different times where it left up and now.
Can I stick to someone?
Thank you.
Yes, sir.
I was listening to Jim Nandich today on the radio.
And he made some very rude, rude comments about Frank Sinatra.
I don't know if you heard the program.
But I think you ought to look into it and add for Mr. Nandich making a policy.
What he said about Mr. Sinatra and the Niagara Pills and not being able to close his compen.
I thought this totally, totally out of line.
And I can't believe that a man of his ability would even make those kind of remarks.
So, please see what you can do.
Thank you.
I've been listening to WQM for a long time.
I've got five to six years.
And I've watched the Nading Show revolve and everything.
I have a problem.
I'm taking my kids to school and thinking commercial for the guy that curses nasty, nasty things.
And there's no warning.
It just blows out, you know, f**k you.
And you can hear the bleep.
You can hear the f**k.
You know, you can hear the vent in his voice.
And you know, I don't have a chance to turn off my radio quick enough.
Now, I heard it.
You know, I had a problem again the other day.
I can't explain that stuff to my kids.
I've been listening to this station for a long time.
And I think you're ruining it by infiltrating it with his nasty language.
And I don't know what I can do, but I just thought I'd better call you know.
And tell you, it's different with Hank.
Hank calls someone in son of a bitch.
You just heard the guy act like a son of a bitch.
And there's a reason for it.
But the other guy was his fart and his ass horn and just the way he curses is ruining your first team.
And I think Joe really should stand up and get this off, kick off his program.
Because there's a lot of people like me that have children and out.
And I just thought that you're someone say, piss off on that way to work.
Piss off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
And I don't think it's appropriate.
You know, if you're going to ask the nasty little program in the middle of your day, leave it there.
To make the other program, it's mean God's in it.
And it really infokes my intelligence.
And you know, that's not clear.
I don't know what is up to later.
I heard a commercial on your station.
Yesterday about one o'clock in the afternoon.
Something about a voice would speak out if someone approaches your automobile.
And a voice of a big black something or other would come out and say, get away from my automobile.
Or you're too close to my automobile.
You big MF.
I object seriously to profanity like that on the radio.
And I object to the profanity and that type of advertising.
I believe in free speech, but that's too far.
If I don't hear with reference to this complaint from you, I will send a letter to the Federal Communications Commission.
Because no kind of language is certainly not acceptable on public radio.
It might be a right between individuals, but not on the radio.
You can call me back on...
Mr. Eisen, EISEM.
Thank you.
The first one is the perfect example of queer.
What is his purpose for his new show or his ugly show?
He uses that word rectum every five minutes because that's what his brain is.
He's never going to get past his self-sort of audience because that's the town and the people that he's always complaining about are the only fools that would give him any time of day.
Eventually his ring will drop so low he'll have to readjust his rectum.
Okay, because you have spoken on your speech department, I heard another day talking about the illegal stuff that they're getting now to play the game.
And it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals.
And I want to tell you that's very sh** for someone to talk that way about illegals because him himself is not a native here.
He's not an American Indian. Everybody here has been an illegal sometimes or the other.
And I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people because he talks about like that about Cuban people.
How about his nationalities? A piece of sh**?
There's nothing for lots of people, the poor people. That's the American f**king way.
So they're talking about Cuban people that way. But the vast whole of you guys.
George or me or whoever it is you can tell you think that f**king atheist.
He has no right to talk religion because he is a f**k it and he is not representative of our thinking.
Hey George, this is Tom Jekker. If you just pass along to the LNM, but the reason I call was that I thought maybe you could help me out.
I've been trying to get those guy damn ratings.
The off-lims he's gone home sick. Josh Dallas is either the guy who's going to give him to me.
You know, I'll call Greg Reed. I couldn't get him.
So you know, and then there's all that stuff they get me.
It was the call you. If somebody would get me to die damn ratings, I'll pay the king his homage anyway. I'm only kidding.
But that is the problem and I do want to do a story on him and I'm just having trouble getting him.
So I'll talk to you. Bye.
Ladies, are you tired of unwanted hands creeping into your panties, unwanted hands creeping where they shouldn't be?
Uh-huh.
Then you need vatio-matic.
That's okay.
It's the first family protection that really helps.
Oh, run. Yes, that feels good.
Oh, baby, let's do it. Yeah, work at sugar.
No, wait.
John Chittin.
No.
But what, you dinner? Let me just go to the...
You see, vatio-matic is fantastic. It really works.
It's good against muggers, rapists, drug husbands, priests, horny uncles, and Martina, never to lower.
Let me just set this on for Reed.
Oh no!
Vatio-matic and coming soon for the fellas, it's cockatoo.
Fantastic.
Catholic? Question in your face? Feel you need divine intervention or at least divine council?
Well, now there's a hotline just for you.
You have reached the Vatican. Today's moral issue, abortion. If you approach joints, plus one.
Thank you. You are going straight to hell.
Find out where the church stands on today's issues and where you stand with the church.
Today's moral issue, heart control. If you use contraceptives, plus one.
Thank you. You are going straight to hell.
Get the straight food from the town of 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Call 1900-812.
Today's moral issue, premarital sex. If you engage in premarital sex, plus one.
Thank you. Have fun while you can. If you are going straight to hell.
Go 1900-812. That's 1900-812-112. Just 50 cents a minute. Remember, you can pay now. Or pay later.
Are you worrying about safe sex? Now there's a product that's safer than last year's if what just to be done. It's new, no condoms.
Yes, no condoms go on easy because no cost to any fuzzy part of your body. And you can relax because they're guaranteed not the grip-bling of fly-off.
As to all, when you're finished with a Velcro condom, they are so easy to remove.
You're listening to the best of real lodgers on 560 QAM.
