© 2018 hot riding
voice now.
a singer
Soprote
A beer.
A clear tip
beyond the tunnel.
That is the problem.
Ghost and Fallen Goal.
Splendid one more time.
This be my trouble.
This be my trouble.
The troopers don't make you gay.
I killed my teacher.
It was a accident.
I bust the cabin today.
Yo.
Okay, we're right to break into your ass house.
I didn't break in.
Thanks for a lock.
Yes.
Did you have a right to do that?
No sir.
And you want us to believe you did it because you were worried that our car was there
and you were afraid that something happened to her?
I didn't know what was wrong.
Her car would get she's hardly ever home with she's hardly not.
She's hardly ever gone without her car.
So anyway, let me ask you this.
Do you feel responsible for that shooting, George?
I do.
George is back from Tennessee.
Do you feel it good?
George is responsible.
I loaded the gun for him and everything.
Oh.
Because I don't.
Anybody else in the audience feel responsible for this?
No.
Because Robert Steinback and one of the most pathetic horrendous columns I've ever read in my life,
which I'm going to read the entire thing on the air in a couple of minutes,
writes in the heraldous morning,
Brazil, Trial bears our errors.
We, society, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we did it.
We're supposed to be responsible for it.
Now, court TV has taken a poll as they're showing the a trial that's going on right now.
I don't want to deflect a lot of people because it's on CNN.
It's all over the place.
But it's on court TV, which is much better watch their anyway because they don't interrupt it as many times
for all those stupid commercials like we do.
But anyway, they're taking a poll as the thing is going on, which they've been
televised in the trial from the beginning.
And the question they're asking is do you believe,
his, in the fangirl Brazil is a count of the murder.
84% of the people responding say,
Oh, and only 16% say,
Yeah.
84 to 16% say absolutely positively.
No.
No, we don't believe them.
Let's give you the poll result from yesterday on our show.
Which of these groups most deserves financial operations?
African Americans, this is out of 931 votes.
African Americans, 37.
37.
I mean, not even 4%.
Holocaust survivors, 115, 12.3%.
American engines, now we're talking, 322.
Say American engines.
Deserve reparations, 34 and a half percent.
Was that a little bit loud?
How about this?
How's that better?
Okay.
And none of the above, which is what I voted,
nobody deserves no reparations, you know, 456.
48.9%.
There you go.
Almost half of our people got it right.
Excellent.
The idea that we're supposed to do,
and then that whole concept ties right in with Robert Steinbach's column
in the hero this morning.
It's ludicrous.
The idea that we're responsible for stuff that we had nothing to do with,
or we're responsible society as a whole,
is responsible for anything.
Because first of all, there is no such thing as society as a whole.
And the fact that the kid was 13 years old when he committed the murder,
and that's exactly what it was, not in no accident,
when he committed the murder of his teacher,
you see, we're supposed to feel very bad about that because society made him whatever he was.
We're responsible for it.
Now, if he would have waited five or six years until he was an adult,
then we wouldn't have to feel so bad about it.
And I keep bringing it up to Ted Bundy as an example.
Isn't Ted Bundy a real good example?
I think so.
Before we just, before we eat the whole column,
here's a paragraph from Robert Steinbach's idiotic dangerous column in the hero this morning.
It really is dangerous.
He says, we were told our society was to blame for homelessness, crime,
the untreated mentally ill, the abandoned elderly drug abuse homophobia, and on and on.
And he knows something.
He's talking about America being exhausted by guilt.
But as a society, we're responsible for ignoring these problems.
But as far as the homophobia, let me speak to it personally.
When John Wayne Gacy was a crop haven't killed all those boys and young men,
were there any gay leaders or any other gay people defending John Wayne Gacy?
Oh, not that I ever heard of.
Was I defending him?
No.
Anybody defending Jeffrey Dahmer of his barbaric and grotesque acts?
No.
So the idea that there's been racism and homophobia and sexism and all these bigoted things,
that's not debatable.
We all know that.
These are part of society's ills that we try to cure supposedly.
But to try to suggest it because the society's responsible for that,
individuals no longer have to be responsible for their own actions.
And later on in the comedy, you know, we spotted that.
But in a very man-be-pambi way.
But he's a child.
Now, if you try to tell me that a 13-year-old kid doesn't know the difference between right and wrong,
and that all of his classmates, you'll notice if you've been watching the trial,
all of the fancielers' classmates, they're all liars.
The rest of the world is out of step.
He's the one that we are supposed to believe.
He'd be telling the truth.
And for an honest student, that's interesting that he was about to get an F in English class from
very Bruno, who's the teacher that he shot.
And in your entire column here this morning, Robert Steinbeck,
I'm out of the mentioning the name of the teacher.
I don't read a single word, all these paragraphs, which I'm going to read.
I don't read one word in there.
Not one.
About the teacher.
And the wife he left behind in the family?
I don't read anything about that.
Right, young dedicated teacher, which is pretty damn hard to find these days.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
We're always belly-icking about the school, suck, and we can't find good teachers,
and the pay is too low on all of these things, which are all true.
And there's not one word about that.
See, this is what's wrong with America today.
We're not supposed to be interested in the victims anymore.
Oh, how could we know what's the point of wasting another life?
We had that call a couple days ago.
Yeah, what's the point of wasting another life by putting this to a young man in prison for the rest of his life?
And then my response was, well, how about Ted Bundy?
Then we execute him.
We're not even talking about executing this kid.
That's not going to happen.
How can we waste Timmick Vase life?
How can we next week from today?
May 16th, we're going to be wasting Timmick Vase life.
I mean, he's got that nice orange jumpsuit.
He could be out here in a corner of 441 and I was very rude,
doing the homeless voicing. He's already dressed for it.
He could be raising money for the homeless.
See, like I said, he's got the right outfit.
Why should we waste his life?
Just because he committed those barbaric, rotesque acts and blew up their goddamn building in Oklahoma City.
I mean, Robert Steinback, you are really a fool.
You are pathetic. And you're not fooling anybody.
A fool, don't fool nobody.
Just remember, he heard that first here. Remember that?
Sure, she brighted it down.
I mean, I'm going to read this one.
It's a good thing I don't eat breakfast because I probably peop my guts out.
If I had a big breakfast this morning,
it's not for somebody with a weak stomach because it's so nauseating.
I'm sure there will have a few of you folks out there.
I don't want to say that, you know, of any particular persuasion.
But we'll have a few folks who probably agree with this crap that he wrote in the paper this morning.
Maybe some of you already read it. Be reading it.
And here's our poll question for today, which fits right in.
Fits right in. And I made it simple because Eric is on the road today.
He's doing an eating tour of Florida.
What? What are you laughing about?
He's stopping. No, he's doing it for consumer reports.
He's checking out all the service plasas or restops for the food thing,
Mrs. Fields Cookies and Nathan's, all of those things.
I think he'd be pretty good at that, don't you?
That's what Eric's doing. So he's on the road.
But he is going to be able to put up our poll question.
We said, make it simple.
I said, hey, it's perfect for me. I'm pretty simple.
Here's the poll question today on theoriders.com.
Do you think most Americans take responsibility for their own actions?
Yes or no? Very simple.
Anatized right in with the Nathaniel Brazil shooting of his teacher.
And with all these bleeding hearts and this wacko.
Do you read about this guy who was demonstrating outside the courtroom yesterday?
That they had a drag off? No.
This wacko, this will of anata.
Yeah, he ran inside and disturbed the trial.
Screaming and shouting and carrying on like a, like a banshee.
Like my mother did at the graduation.
Oh, I'm sorry. Your mother did at the graduation.
Birds of Alps.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it.
And happiness is just around the corner.
Well, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Buy the damn thing off the street. Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out and could be considered a population control.
Yes, handguns. They just might make your fans.
1014 at 560 WQM. So you've got another appearance at Bill Siles.
Let's start promoting that way ahead of time. Maybe we can get a couple of geeks to show up.
That's not nearly as amazing as the Shell gas station appearance I'm going to be doing this Friday.
All right.
Okay.
Wow. Now what's it going to be free gas or something?
Yes, Miguel. What's the, uh, what's the idea?
What's the idea?
We're going to give you some gas.
Yeah.
And there's nothing in line with the show that we did on Monday.
George is going to be providing with gas, not out of the pump.
But anyway, so it's this Friday?
Yeah, but I don't know which cell, which shell from the 7th to just drive around town to all the shell stations and look for George.
It's a gas. And then of course you'll waste enough gas to have to fill up against probably part of the deal.
Yeah. Anyway, a protester disrupts proceedings of county lifeguard and Perennial protest to inject it himself in a
Nathaniel Brazil's first to be murdered trial yesterday morning by loudly assailing a system that's trying the 14 year old boys and adults.
This is wrong. Shouting will Vanetta 45 in front of the jurors before deputies grabbed him and dragged him from the courtroom.
He can't vote. He can't serve out of jury. This is wrong.
He was shouting and screaming before they dragged him out.
While some legal experts call the incident unfortunate, they doubted that the outburst would affect the trial and charges that he shot teacher Barry Grunau last year.
Kurt Grunau, brother of the slain teacher, was so concerned about the possibility of a mist trial and so discussed it with Vanetta's display that he followed him as deputies led him to the front of the courthouse.
Grunau tried to lunge at Vanetta, what was restrained by deputies and walked away.
What do you like that?
Lifeguard.
Maybe he knows the fishermen.
Oh, that's the possibility. Maybe they can look together. Sounds like a match made in a purgatory.
And just like Robert Steinbach, we've got all these activists out there very concerned about this poor little kid who,
been watching his performances last two days to be honest with you. I don't really think all that highly of him.
You know what I'm saying?
Not all that bright.
At best.
Although he does play a mean tuba here.
But nobody cares about the victims anymore. Nobody gives a crap anymore about people who are victimized about lives that are stuffed out because like I've told you for years,
life in America is as cheap as a guy named Chocolate Malt.
Or, and now, where were you saying you got a good chocolate malt?
Sonic.
Good everything.
Yeah. Good golly.
Okay.
So Robert Steinbach, who probably ought to go to Sonic for one last supper before we, you know, cool amounts somewhere.
He, you know, this is a crazy person.
Robert Steinbach, a terrible.
He's written some columns over the years that I've agreed with and I've read those in Yadi Yadi.
And, but every now and then his, his professional darkism comes into play and that's got to be what this is all about.
Because he's not a stupid person.
And I want you all to prepare everybody known as prepared to feel very guilty. Are you ready for that?
Oh good. I want you to feel really responsible just as though somehow you were responsible for preparing to give the kid an English class
and for not letting the girls out of, see, he was actually going to let him come inside and talk to the two girls when he came back.
That wasn't good enough.
He wasn't going to let the girls step outside the classroom to speak to Nathaniel.
So therefore he pointed that gun.
Oh, see it went off.
Now they asked him to demonstrate in court.
They had him holding the gun.
They asked him to demonstrate and by the way the prosecutor is doing a great job.
Ask him to demonstrate how in holding the gun it could go off accidentally.
He couldn't do it.
He gave me every opportunity under the sun.
How does that happen?
They show me.
Give us a display.
Could he do it?
No.
No.
Huh.
But anyway, so, uh, uh, uh, uh, and get the puke bag ready when you hear this.
Robert Steinbach writes in the hair of this morning, Brazil trial bears our errors.
He says, I haven't been able to shake the feeling while following coverage of 14-year-old Nathaniel Brazil's murder trial.
That society finally is off the hook for what's wrong in society.
Not long ago, society, meaning the people of our communities and nation and our collective attitudes and values,
would have felt compelled to examine its own role in the boy shooting of teacher Barry Gruno.
That's the only thing that mentions the name.
Young Nathaniel did, after all, spring farm arm rits, young Nathaniel.
Now, listen to the adjective, say, young Nathaniel did, after all, spring farm rits.
Don't we have an obligation to examine the reality?
We've created the search of clues to explain why a 13-year-old would react to a minor setback,
being sent home from school for misbehaving, by carrying a loaded gun to school
and pointing at the face of a teacher he admired no longer it seems.
We created this screwed up confused frightened boy, just as surely as we've created
and proudly taken by curious credit for the scientists, entrepreneurs, and artists America's produced.
But we don't want Nathaniel Brazil on our conscience's balance sheets,
so we've cut him loose to bear the murder charge alone.
How cowardly!
When something good arises from our society, we are America, the proud nation of values.
Yet when the same cauldron spews forth something bad, we point in accusing finger with the individual and exonerate ourselves,
saying America had nothing to do with it.
I hear so little outrage, despair, or even angst that yet another child faces life in prison.
No political or civic figures have spoken up except those who endorse such barbarity in the name of justice.
They're scarcely in debate at all. The bully pulpit is vacant.
This subtle but relentless philosophical shift away from society bearing any responsibility for its citizens' actions
has intensified during the last quarter century.
As I see it, America has been exhausted by guilt.
The Depression for Society had taken responsibility for poverty and economic injustice,
the civil rights and feminist movements forced society to admit to generations of institutionalized racism and sexism, the list grew.
We were told our society was to blame for homelessness, crime, the untreated mentally ill, the abandoned elderly drug abuse homophobia, and on and on.
America made considerable social reforms in latter part of the 20th century,
but rather than this progress being a source of national pride in morphed into resentment.
Overuse of the guilt card by political liberals opened the door for conservatives to stoke this resentment.
Progress by distress segments of society, increasing the was depicted as coming at the expense of more deserving and productive segments.
Criminally inclined kids became the exclusive fault of parents, not society.
I'm not exonerating the individual from self-responsibility for bad behavior, far from it.
A scrapping responsibility to society never removes it from the individual.
Nathaniel, Brazil must be disciplined for his actions, but not as an adult.
The reason he's being prosecuted is one is that we are too cowardly to admit that kids are shaped by the world we created.
How do you like that? We're too cowardly.
Now, don't you feel bad? I feel you're right, very guilt.
Don't you feel guilty and responsible for the fact that we've done things that caused him to do this?
In addition, let me say you're full of crap, okay? You're full of Schmidt Roberts signback,
because after every one of the kids shootings in the last few years, whether the shootings at Columbine,
whether the kids were black as in this case, or white as in that case, or whatever, after every one of those cases,
there's been this long, gnashing and rower, hand-ringing and carrying on, why do kids do this?
And what was in their background that caused them to do it?
And were they abused the children, were their parents unfit?
There has been no shortage, hours and hours and hours of why as a society we've somehow failed,
which has absolutely nothing to do with just a smoke screen, it's just a cloud, it's just obfuscation is all it is.
To try to cover up for the fact that this kid knew exactly what he was doing, that he's the liar that his schoolmates,
all of whom got up under witness stand and very articulately told their story,
and how he said he was going to go back and f up the school, because he was pissed off and fired up,
because he was caught throwing water balloons in class, and because he wanted his name all over the goddamn newspapers,
and in the media, another one of these deals. Are we responsible for that?
No.
Adryl suspended along with Brazil, said they were leaving that afternoon, he said he was going to come back
and shoot the guidance counselor who caught them. Classmate, and of course he wasn't around,
so he shot the English teacher instead. Classmate Michelle, and of course the English teacher was going to give an F, so he deserved it.
Classmate Michelle Kornov, said Brazil warned her that he was going to be all over the news.
Brazil said Tuesday, he didn't remember the conversation at the time he said he was mainly mad at himself for doing something that would get him suspended.
He also did not ask you an 18-year-old neighbor for a gun, just after he'd been suspended,
Brandon Span testified last week that he bumped into Brazil, and the seventh grader asked him for a gun that he could take back to school.
Brazil said it didn't make sense to ask from to ask Span for a gun, he already had one at home, meaning the one he stole from grandma, grandpa.
I mean his answers to the questions are so ludicrous, the course they've had a year to cook up this whole deal, him and his lawyers,
and his lawyers told him to do this, and his lawyers told him to do the interviews with the magazines, and to list it all as something you could get,
so that people like Robert Steinbeck could write this swill, this garbage, this trash, in a major market newspaper this morning,
about how worse it would work cowardly.
I feel horrible.
And especially those of us who think America is a slaughterhouse, and that all these guns being around her,
and people being irresponsible with guns, how many times have I talked about that? 80 billion times over the years?
But I'm supposed to feel responsible and bad. Well guess what, Robert Steinbeck, I don't feel bad,
because I know the difference between blowing somebody away when I get pissed off.
George's mom would be in a box right now, affording for the fact that he knows the difference between right and wrong,
between blowing somebody away or not every time they get pissed off. In fact it would have been years ago.
Well, it would have been right, but it would have been illegal. Well there you go.
So you see, thank God for George, so he doesn't have to bear responsibility for it anymore than I do.
I wonder how many of you people in the audience feel guilty for Nathaniel Brazil blowing his teacher away.
I'm changing the way I do everything now.
I mean, what craft society did it? This individual didn't do it. I mean talk about contradictions.
And one part of the column is written about society has got to examine itself for attitudes and values in the audio audio.
But the interesting part of it is that the overwhelming majority of kids thank God out there don't take guns to school.
Don't shoot their classmates. Don't shoot their teachers. Don't shoot their friends. Don't eff up the school.
And they're growing up in the same society watching the same TV.
And I should point out by the way that Brazil was also a testify that he had a pretty good home life.
Yeah, he had a good home that he was happy with his mother and his stepfather.
He was angry at his father, but nevertheless he was happy with his mother and stepfather he was living with.
And he was not happy with his home life. That's usually the excuse.
There are no excuses. Don't you understand?
Anybody make an excuse for Ted Bundy? Jeffrey Dahmer? David Berkowitz? John Wayne Gacy?
No. Charles Manson? Richard Speck?
No.
No. Nobody's making excuses.
And I should point out that they still don't really know when the first killing was that Bundy did.
But if you read the book about Bundy, the ones that they do know he was still a teenager when he committed his first murders.
There you go. So how come we executed him?
Wasn't he scared and confused and troubled?
Oh, and that's right. And they lied to him about who his real mother was or something like that.
Remember that? Yeah.
He was evasted, literally.
And now he's dead.
Anybody feel sorry for the fact that he's dead?
No. No. I don't think so except for the bleeding hearts out there who I think that capital punishment is barbaric.
Like I was saying last week till I came back to earth.
No, but you see, because I thought I still lived in Holland when I was saying that.
And then I realized, oh, I live in the US. I better be for capital punishment because this isn't a civilized place like that.
Where people don't want to mind blowing each other away.
We have more murders in one day here than they have in most other countries in a year.
In one day.
In a good weekend here in Miami, we can beat like most of Europe in a whole year.
Except the course for those good religions in the Northern Ireland, things like that that don't count.
Plus they use bombs anyway.
They're more like the Cubans. They use bombs, you know?
La Bomba.
Oh, here's Bobby Shapiro on there.
I wonder what kind of I'm not going to put it on.
I don't want to hear anything he has to say.
Next thing, he'll probably be saying, oh, Jay did it.
In fact, do we know that if OJ was at the school that day, we positive?
No.
Well, there you go. Something to think about.
Maybe Slasher.
Maybe OJ was looking for the killer of her in the colon run that day at the school.
Maybe he put a bug in the fanials here, huh?
I mean, we don't know for sure.
That's my point. I'm not suggesting anything, but we just don't know for sure.
No, he probably has a good alibi.
Maybe he was with Pedro Guerrero that day.
Or maybe he was getting to some kind of a civil disobedience kind of thing out there in the streets with you.
Who knows what the alley was doing and who the hell cares?
But if anybody out there feels any guilt because Robert Steinbach told you to be told
unless that we ought to feel guilty, then I feel for you.
I feel for all of us that we don't have a real newspaper in this town.
They would write, you know, cap columnist who could write more intelligently than that.
26 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM.
If you didn't get a good night's sleep last night, here's the answer for it.
Here's the remedy for a long time to come.
Call dial amactors where he gets super low prices every...
I don't want to mention his name on it.
My post-friend had the accident there and really...
That was funny.
He comes in here yesterday, Hank, and just back from Louisville.
I guess maybe he's still under a lot of stress that he didn't pick the winner anymore than the rest of us did.
And he's telling me before he's sure about the...
Oh, you know, they really got an exciting young team to watch the Marlins.
And I said, you don't understand.
Nobody cares.
You don't get it, Hank.
There is no interest.
There is none.
And I explained to him that on Sunday on a beautiful, perfectly sunny day,
with no threat of rain, with no great humidity or high temperature, you know, low 80s,
they had 10,000 announced that an actual crowd of 5, 6, 7,000 people there, maybe.
So I'm driving home and Hank is going on about, well, you know, I really...
What a shame would be to lose the day.
See, a lot of you folks, you just did the night.
You don't understand.
I mean, you may have the best rain deer meat in the U.S.,
but, you know, take it to Finland and sell it.
There's no interest in it here.
No, seriously.
You may have the best halavab, but taking it to North Pole, they don't like it up there.
You know, you have to take it somewhere where they're interested in it.
There is no interest here.
So Bush and Corroyo now, and the best part of the new deal is...
Yeah, the rumor is the deal is they're going to make us an offer so good
we won't be able to turn it down.
We heard that before.
Yeah.
Corroyo says he hopes to craft a ballot measure.
I love the way...
Hear the way that he's got a craft a ballot measure.
In other words, if you're against the stadium vote maybe,
if you're forward vote, we don't know, and we'll figure out what you really mean.
He hopes to craft a ballot measure that would go before the voters in July.
And Bush said to last Senate President John McCain,
Husker Tom Fini, to make the plan a priority when legislature meets again in January.
January, this is the middle of May.
There even...
There even whispers about maybe like a special session.
Which the governor says is highly unlikely, but don't ever count it out.
Corroyo says the voters would, in essence, be asked all the questions that are pertinent to a new stadium.
It'll be something that will give the marlins the assurance they need to move forward.
Whatever that means.
In July, am I going to be here in July?
No.
So don't blame me.
I won't be here to lead the ban.
Wagonhamshire George will do his part since he hates ports anyway.
But what a joke.
And I think it's great.
Put it on the ballot.
Waste, waste, you know, have a special election.
I mean, evidently, the city of Miami that's always under verge of bankruptcy, they have unlimited funds.
All of a sudden, unlimited funds to go and buy the land into all of these other things.
No problem.
They're finding money all over the place.
City in the county.
Same county that can't give textbooks to your kids in school to take home.
Oh, don't get me started on that again, because then Dave Hybel starts picking on me and saying,
oh, there you go again with education.
He was like, so get rid of the marlins.
Won't save the schools.
Right.
Well, what a brilliant observation that is.
But I'm sure we could probably find something better to spend at $120 million that they wanted from legislature on.
Not to mention all the other millions and millions and millions of dollars you're going to be subsidizing all these white elephants with for the next many, many, many years.
Will they ever learn here?
No.
See, because these are people who, they're like our sales department, the marlins, and the politicians who are in bed with them.
They don't know one word.
No.
They don't know that word.
Just like the old Julio Queens.
They don't know that word.
No.
They don't know what it means.
They just won't stop.
No.
Now, what is that?
No.
Okay?
No.
Just this one time, okay?
No.
They don't get it.
So it doesn't make any difference.
What the public say?
They're going to continue hatching and plotting and planning.
And I'm really worried in July if that goes on a ballot because Hank yesterday indicated that what I heard from him tells me again that he's wavering.
He's waffling.
He's waffling.
Now nobody loves hockey more than I do.
But you know something.
If they said if they care, if Wayne came on TV and knew today and said, well, we found a legal loophole and were able to break the lease with the Amacarena because we can't find a new buyer for the hockey team.
And we're going to move them to Tennessee.
We're going to help you just in town to give me a like, yeah, like the Knoxville.
That already got Nashville.
We're going to move them to Knoxville, Tennessee, Johnson City, Johnson City.
But Tavy in New York, we're going to move the panthers.
Would I shed any tears?
No.
I just don't care anymore.
I don't care to the point where I stop going and I just like with the Marlins, I get my tickets for free.
I don't care.
I stopped going because not because they were losing, but because it wasn't entertaining because it was depressing because there was nobody there and for good reason there was nobody there.
It was a waste of time.
It's a social club.
And when you dilute something like like I talked about the other day, if Ruth Chris started serving in hamburger.
I think they would lose most of their clientele very fast.
And then if they started serving like really low grade hamburger, I don't think anybody would be going there.
And it's the same thing.
No, yeah, but come back.
Our hamburger is better this way.
Well, too late.
You know, you've already blown it too bad.
We thought other things to do, other things to eat.
And it's the same thing with these sports moguls.
You know, with all these multibillionaires.
You keep watering it down.
You know, we spent out taxpayer dollars.
They finagaly come up with some cockamami scheme with bit of these big, gigantic, beautiful palaces.
And then if things don't quite go quite your way, you just, you know, you savage, you trash the organization.
You leave us with a shadow of what we had before.
And anybody doesn't believe that if you watch the Buffalo Pittsburgh series, Game 5, Sue Barnes, Gord the winning goal for Buffalo and overtime.
Game 6 last night, Marty Straca, of course, the winning goal and overtime for the penguins.
And who are the names we keep hearing during our game last night?
Straca and Barnes, and there's Rhett Warren or again, and there's Jason Wolley.
Scott Mellon be doing great there in St. Louis.
They went for it in a row from Dallas.
All those guys are still playing.
So if the Panthers disappeared tomorrow, I mean, you know, I'd miss going to some of the games like the two-year Winter Auto plays here.
But other than that, I don't care, really.
I don't care anymore.
So don't give me this big song to dance about.
Well, gee, I really like baseball.
If they paid me by the pitch, and there was no bigger baseball fan in the world than me when I was growing up as a kid,
and then lasted for many, many, many years, for most of my adult life.
And when they had their last work stop, when they basically slapped the public in the face and said,
oh, we're not even having a world playoff of World Series this year, whatever year that was, 94, whatever it was.
At that point, I said, screw you guys.
And then, of course, when the salary just kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger and everybody said,
oh, gee, we can't make any money.
And the owners start crying.
But what you're crying about, if you're paying guys $252 million, how do you expect to make any money?
We're not going to subsidize it.
So I just don't have any interest. It's just big business.
And all these people are waxing poetic about, oh, well, there's nothing better than taking your kids to a ballgame and having a hot duck.
Well, that's all ancient history now. That's all in the past.
It doesn't exist anymore. It's a figment of your imagination.
You're living in a distant past. Now it's just brazen, big business where guys just whore themselves out to the highest bitter.
You got a bunch of mercenaries out there.
And whoever pay them the greatest amount of money, that's where they'll go.
They don't give a flying crap about any of you.
There's no loyalty. There's no allegiance. There's no continuity.
Who the hell's on the team? Who are these guys?
Oh, yeah, but they got a bunch of good young guys.
But who the hell are they? Nobody cares.
So you can give a song and a dance on there, Hank about how you, you know, it would be embarrassing to lose baseball.
Let's come up.
What difference does it make? How many stadiums you build?
The problem isn't the stadium in the first place. Everybody knows that.
There's nothing wrong with that stadium. It's in a perfect location.
You drive and ride off the turnpike.
The problem is that the owner got sucked into a bad deal.
That's the problem you'll bush other than the SNLs.
I don't think the government usually steps in to bail anybody out.
Do they? If you're in private business, are they going to come and do it?
All right, I gotta go again.
Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, you can't drive on a clear vote. Come here. Come here. You're gonna fall asleep.
Yeah. Yeah.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Do I just put these lines out? Look at this line.
Oh, no, I can't.
Come on, man. Come on.
36.
Come here in the 36. Come on.
Come on. Don't do Coke anymore, man. Come on, man.
I just want to go.
Hey, brother.
Hey, brother.
I can't do anything.
We got two straight girls waiting for you.
No, I don't do that anymore.
No, no, no.
We'll just three of us.
It's just three of us. Come on, come on. Come on.
All right, just one.
Yeah.
I got one.
Right now.
I'm in the sand, listen.
Coke, brother.
Yeah.
Coke, brother.
I'm in the sand.
Coke, brother.
Go, brother.
Go, brother.
I get in. Come on.
I got a new script yesterday. Come on.
I can't, man.
I got one.
I got one.
I got one.
Go, brother.
You ready?
Go, brother.
Go, brother.
Go, brother.
Go, brother, go, brother.
Robert Downey Jr.
Robert Downey Jr.
Go, brother.
Because you're only 36.
Robert Downey Jr.
What?
That don't you feel guilty about him?
That don't you feel it's a society responsible for his aberrant behavior and his constant
to drug abuse and, uh, etc and be misguided.
That's my fault.
Yeah.
Never mad him, but still.
So cut the crap.
By the way, we've had a major change in that Survey on court TV.
Do you, um, believe Brazil is a count of the shooting?
Yes, 15% no 85% so he's improved 1% as he goes on 85% no 15% yes is that a good no not too good
Nathaniel maybe he had his tuba there
Huh blow a few notes?
Well, here's the thing about sunny fox and Ron hersy which is interesting in the sunsettles
Not even a least but interesting about the fact that they're not on the urine trance on lame ass comedy routine on MP3
Do you see that they're downloading or even download do we want their stuff?
No, this this must be in lieu of time jicker writing a piece about their ratings every time we have a stupendous rating book
All of a sudden both Kevin Bastard and Harold and Tom jicca all nobody cares about the radio ratings and they're not writing anything about that
How do you like that? I wonder how castrenoma feels about that
And what is wrong with
So anyway, here's an update from our friend Paul and for Myers. This is the third consecutive today
I thank you profusely's keeping us on top of this story
Merrillville, Indiana, exprinsible and girl found that's the good news the bad news a
former back to school principal accused of running off an 11-year-old girl was captured to they by the FBI after the two were found together in a lost Vegas area hotel
Well, at least he took over they could have a good time
William a byte 28 was arrested on federal charges of coercing and enticing a minor into sexual acts and transporting a minor across
Day lines for sexual purposes at FBI agent Doug Garrison and Deanapolis
Both by the and the girl were safe garrison said he didn't have any other details of the capture in a hotel in Las Vegas
Viva Las Vegas and Viva the Baptist Church and all the other Graham to how do you like that?
And the Jews we know I'm about that rabbi up there and where the hell was it somewhere up there and I missed that story
What the rabbi one? No, you didn't a couple weeks ago. Sure. He didn't miss that story. We're here. Oh, I forgot
The rabbi that got canned because they thought he was a molesting boys and
Had a prior thing in St. Louis
I totally forgot that wow. I must have been out or something
No, you were not out just slipped your mind you were too worried about the
Bows on vacation you were too worried about the Palestinian you just killed it to his really kids anyway
You want a body count? Okay, better pardon? Yeah
460 just a sheet count
Anyway, getting back to poor Nate. He's on there right now
There you go he was one of his friends. He's not a friend anymore. You want to know why George? He's not a friend anymore
He's still dead
How do you like that? He's not a friend anymore because he died that's the reason and because they put a bullet between his eyes
He's dead. He was one of his friends which contradicts earlier testimony that he told other kids that he'd like him and
Especially when you know he's you're gonna get an F in English and if you've heard his English
I think you can understand why he was gonna get an F in English. Don't you understand?
Yeah, I mean I don't want X no tough questions
But I've been listening to his testimony the last two days and he do not sound like an honor student to me now far
Be it for me to judge, you know, he just does not sound like an honor student to me
And for whatever the reason was he was gonna get an F in English. Yeah, I guess he ain't gonna get it now
He's got an F in life and Robert Steinbeck says that each and every one of you all of us should feel responsible for it
And I am I must be a bad guy and you want to know why because I don't feel even the slightest Iota of
Responsibility for Nathaniel Brazil for Lionel Tate the rascal and that girl and killing her and breaking all her bones for the kids out there in
Columbine which I don't even live there. I don't feel responsible for those things
Because I've been saying for years that this is a slaughterhouse in a barbaric place and that guns do
People yes they do and that people are gonna own them out of be responsible and make damn sure that little kids any responsible people
We run it around every time they get pissed off killing people with their gun. Yeah, and stuff like that
So having attempted to be a voice of reason a voice of sanity and otherwise a country of total insanity
I don't feel like I want to be responsible
Maybe that field makes you feel bad Robert Steinbeck you in the so you
In fact, you're responsible for writing crap in what is supposed to be a major market newspaper
All over the place. I mean he's all over the map here with this thing and finally at the end of the article if you have a strong stomach and get to the last part
Oh, yeah, well, he must be disciplined for his actions and
Scrubbing responsibility of society never removes it from the individual. Well, so what are you saying?
He's saying both things he wants to have it both way
But he's desperately trying to make excuses and uses all those adjectives, you know about poor young Nathaniel
This screwed up confused frightened boy. Did he look confused and frightened to you?
Can feel I watch them right now. You know looks frightened to me looks confused by light. I asked to me looks like a real con artist to me and a liar
The way the word yes if he's let out if he's a dangerous killer at 13. Mm-hmm. What are you gonna do by what time he's 20? Yeah?
Plus he had this fast nation with guns. He only wanted to be a cop. They want to be a secret service agent to protect protect president
Huh he'd have it right in back in 63 I guess
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 sit all and also want to correct one of the thing because that'll look out a lot of stuff on my plate
Brian Murray is not the general manager of the Chicago black hawks
About 10 days ago somebody came in here and handed me a thing from the sports department there
Brian Murray had been named a GM in the black hawk. What is that all about?
Mike Smith is still a general manager Brian Sutter is the and I made several comments jokes about that during last 10 days
Which nobody corrected me because nobody out there knows the damn thing about hockey and he didn't get the job
He was up for the coach. He was under consideration BM and they said no. We don't want no BM will take BS instead
And so it took my good close friend Rimmer last night called me in between that penguin Buffalo game to correct me on that absolutely right Rimmer
And I'm still not buying dinner, but at any rate
It's amazing how much misinformation gets on here in this place. Oh, it's astonishing and what's even more astonishing is that nobody out there knows what they're talking about
But hey, it's typical for South Florida isn't it? Oh, right?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line probably a lot of folks watching the trial this morning
I understand that you got my permission. I'm sitting here watching it myself
Here's for my or so. Hey, how you doing? You're pretty good sir
The only thing is I this totally this kid's responsibility, but I I just feel sad in the way that this kid has thrown away his life
I mean it's it's it's sad
But what about the life of the teacher? Well no, no, no, I understand you I understand that you'll be
He took away somebody else's life right you're right. No, I'm not
Nothing at all. There's nothing in the world worse than you can do
But then unless it's multiple lives then taking away somebody else's life. No, I you have no argument
So then why are you concerned that he's throwing away his life? He didn't because if nobody else for you
It's a bad thing. It's just a sad thing. Neil
I'm just a sad thing is just what I don't know
I yeah
That is a sad thing, but to me it's a
Zidian Times worst much sadder that the teacher who was a responsible decent person with a wife and family that he's dead
That's much sadder to me. Maybe my priorities are screwed up, but to me that's a lot sadder
What I really called to ask you about was um later this year
I am going to Vegas for the first time. Uh-huh
And I wanted to ask you your opinion of the out ex-caliber hotel
Yeah
Yeah, George is sticking his finger down his throat here if you're into going to Disney World and you have like a lot of little punky kids
It's okay, but I wouldn't go there that I heard you know, you don't want to go why would you want to go there?
Well, I'm going there because a part of my job. That's like a full thing. We're getting like $480 for five nights, right?
Airfare included from Tampa to I mean you can stay there, but you just don't spend any time in there
I mean, you've got the walk over you can go across to the MGM New York New York the Trappocana and all over the strip
But you don't want to spend any time in there. They're writing the walking distance from there. Yeah
The restaurant suck and you don't want to spend any time in there. I hear the I hear the New York New York's pretty cool
It's it's okay. I like the MGM, which is right across the street
All right, well listen that they'll still think George's punch pack and take care
How do you like that? Does that a great collar one? I
Guess he got blown away. I guess he covered all the bases
Maybe he'll run it in that the Baptist men's urine little girl in the ex-caliber. Yeah from Indiana
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line George is weeping right now
Why did he weep because we took that call?
And I feel the same yesterday I didn't take too many calls to be honest with it
And I went through a whole tirade about the fact that colors on the talk shows generally suck
Not just on this show in fact the colors on the sports shows are much worse than this
I heard some little hooliocall in Hank yesterday talking about the Kentucky Derby. This kid had no idea what he was talking about
none
And
That's generally what you hear because it's here. So why should you expect this to be a sports time?
They don't even understand what they're talking about they claim to be big football fans. They don't even understand that
That's their claim to fame. Oh, this is a football town. Okay. What do you say? They do show up in the dolphin games
I'll say that but other than that they know what they're talking about they don't even get it
Here's a mobile in Cooper City. Hello. How you doing now great?
This ain't those sports down. Yeah, the mother's don't draw the
That's nobody. Yeah, he took cell phones away from the pants or game nobody would go there right and the dolphins don't
Reason they go there is to get trash and get bombed in the park without pre-earned for the game. Yeah
That's you know, that's what it is. You know, that's that's what you got done here
But you know this guy here he killed he killed the dude
He you know, he took away a family man with two kids and now they got to grow up with a father. Nobody thinks of that
It's an absolute joke
It's got to go to jail for the rest of his life
I mean how come how come the first thing that seems to come out of the mines of people like his last idiot from
Four Myers who finally showed what an idiot he was then the call
But nevertheless the first thing that comes to mind is well
It's so sad that this kid is thrown away his life. Well who forced him to do that? Ted Bundy threw away his life
All those other people I mentioned through way their lives nobody forced into a commit no abhorrent acts absolutely
Another matter what is ages he pulled out the gun shot them and had killed the guy any any kid that's 13 years old
It doesn't know they in the difference between right and wrong and blowing somebody away. I'm sorry
But we got real problems with that
See the other kid lionel tape. I still think that kid is emotionally disturbed and needs to be like in a some kind of
psychiatric facility for a long long time if not forever because he's dangerous
But this kid's not emotionally disturbed. He was cold and calculating. He planned this whole thing out
He was pissed off and fired up and he told his friends
He was gonna go back and eff up the school and firstly we've got to drive the car through the school and that didn't work out
So he went and got the gun
And then he said he was gonna go and kill the teacher and his name would be all over the media
But now he's in the year later. He's got a whole different story because that that story isn't gonna fly in court
That's not gonna play too well by the jury
So now we got a whole different story that he's they got cooked up for him
And amazingly his testimony and everybody's spec conflicts with each and every one of the witnesses all his
classmates all his buddies they got a different story
So like I said the whole world is out of step and good old Nathaniel. He's the only one who's marching to the right drummer
The right tuba player
Here's Miami-B. Here's a mobile and key west. Hello. Hey, yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. There's more to that Baptist principal story than you heard
Yeah, it's in the USA today. He had previously arrested for sex for this minor. Oh right
And before he got provoked his father was the principal event school Baptist principal
He was arrested for selection the oral sex from a undercover male cop
Great
Okay, so runs into family of an hour
It's in that order. Don't you feel responsible for that?
Most definitely. Oh, I do too
Well, it's not always great listening to you. Have a good day. Thanks a lot and get a new phone
56705 50 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Oh, but he's a man of the Lord the man of the cloth. Yeah, huh? I was good to have a cloth around just in case
Yeah, bubble would have just had a cloth around
He probably might even still be in there might have got a third term. We might have changed the law just to get him back in there
We like him so much
Although he wasn't quite dumb enough. I guess
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Poor Nate. What are we going to do about poor Nate? Huh?
Now let me say it again except for the one mentioned to be I guess he just had to get the name in there the teacher that he murdered
Robert Steinbeck doesn't seem to be the least bit concerned about the consequences of this act
And
The fact that here's a you know very
Civilized decent worthwhile person who's you know, I'm sure that intelligent people can do a lot more
Looker to things than teaching public school believe me when I tell you that
A lot safer things
Things that were a lot more appreciated in the society that has a priority in all their priorities all screwed up
And doesn't place a high priority in education, but he chose to do that
And he's dead and we'll see him no more
But don't you feel bad for poor Nate or no, I do not no, I don't
And if there was a legal way to fry his ass, I'd be more than delighted to pull the switch does that say?
You drink the water
Disturbing video of kids gussling down alcohol like soda
For free see what we call on camera watch the next
Inside edition week nights at seven on seven
Fort radio five sixty
WQA M Miami Fort Lauderdale
Abuse by cash
Association
WQAM.com for the world
Thanks forever to get that taste and smell out of your system
Hey Bill what's for breakfast of the usual fruit toast cereal? That's good right wrong bell
Try this
That's me two pounds of chuck for breakfast, but I despite with those health not so tell you Bill
Me has all the vitamins and minerals you need to start the day off right
Plus it'll give you that aggressive edge that's so important in today's competitive world
But what about all the cholesterol? Oh come on Bill you can't escape the inevitable
And a few short years you'll be dead
Fraud or for the worms sleeping eternally in the cold embrace of death
You're rocking corks. Okay, okay, I get the picture. Hey, piss that meat. There's a smart fellow
And while you're at it, it's a big result too
When having breakfast don't leave out the most important food
Meat would remember it incomplete if you leave out the meat meat good. Yes, me good
I go back area of you if you join us like
Your regulation the time to give you for the penguins giving them the opportunity to come back and win this game and extend the series
The penguins have won the game here
Game overtime is Marty Spocka for the seven game his second overtime
Liter and ladies and gentlemen Elvis has just left the building
It's Marty Spocka once again
And I apologize for Eddie Eddie old-check it and carry the weight like a washerwoman there squeaking out
That was pretty embarrassing on Fox Sports Eddie. Oh, sorry Eddie, but the controller itself. Okay. What's pretty exciting
5607. Oh any interest here. No, no
I
Mean the notion that this is a sports town is as laughable as the idea that we're gonna open up a hall of
Us staying in Montpelier for month. That's how ridiculous it is in Johnson City, Tennessee
Five say although George was up there teaching a meadish, which I think is a good start
5607. Oh 560 and then made a hasty exit pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Here's a mobile in ghouls. Hello
Deal. Yes, sir
Maybe I can barely hear you sir. You think they'd be making a big deal if this kid wasn't black
I beg your pardon. I don't think Robert standback would be
Well, okay, and the next thing there's a rumor going out there that the Dell is
Okay, great 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T see heard me say something about cheats and I guess you figured compel to call yeah
Ah Jesus when he graver what do you want? Well, I wanted to let you know that I call sometimes even after the favors lose
It was a great game last night. Uh-huh
Very juggle. Yeah, it was and I was rooting very hard for the penguins
Stabbers turn out to be a much dirty or more desperate team than I thought they were
They have some very good skilled players like Chutan and the Finnegana but very dirty holding and clutching and tackling
The penguins won that game in spite of some of the worst officiating I've ever seen in my life
In the first two minutes of the game Cyklkov just about butchered Mary or Lemieux
No penalty was called and then you get the varata with that plastic that should at least minimum four-minute penalty gets two minutes
So the tables are very lucky that let me say it again should have been at least four you don't have to draw blood for four
But the sabers were very lucky that they were even in that game
Well, you know Hachik seemed to keep them in it pretty good and that's that one plus why he must have gone about four hundred miles last night was he
Was he getting the hate on a pro pro like that? Oh?
He was all over the place. Yeah, and but that did you see that saved by shidnik? Yeah?
Little fun. No, it's two barns who stopped and I'd shidnik that was two barns
No, it was shidnik now let me say it again was two barns
I saved the one when the net was open there at the end of the second period two barns
Okay, doesn't it doesn't it bring a tear to every real hockey fans?
Every one of the 50 of us to hear in South Florida that to see two barns and Marty Strachio and
Redborne and all these others play so prominently here in the playoffs in Scott Melonby
But the organization here continues diluting and diluting in the pro where we have nothing left and the fan base for all of these teams
continues getting smaller and smaller and smaller because you can't put the
Limberger out there on the table and sell it to the shatobrian people are gonna buy it totally totally
There's just there's just no one out there of them pop now that just you know keeps it going
Well, he's he and keeping it going. Yeah, there's no interest. Yeah
Good luck to you, Maranay Woody and uh wish wish the leaves luck tonight
He's not listening to a word. I'm saying wish us luck a buffalo about Toronto series and be great
I love a buffalo. Okay, you're gonna haircut. Okay, and say how to fat boy
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was listening yesterday to the the live um
The talk of the kid that killed the teacher uh-huh that kid knows exactly what he did and
And he killed somebody and he needs to go and serve his time for it. I don't the big controversy is and you don't feel responsible for it
Oh, everybody's responsible for the way this world is nowadays these kids don't know
What's right and wrong, but I mean if you go by that then you never get to anybody in jail
And so you really believe that you are responsible for?
Not directly responsible. I the world is responsible. Not me directly responsible. I know is always the world responsible
Uh, no, we've done to a bad choice the words and maybe it's just a
Maybe the way around exactly that somebody somebody else is responsible
And how come all the other kids who are in the same surroundings as he is aren't bringing guns to the school and shooting teachers every day
So I guess I guess the one you're saying is right is just he's just a screw up then he did it period
I'm gonna talk about he he went and he caught the gun in front of the
The kids and then they're saying that he was gonna take the gun to learn how to shoot it
He already knew how to shoot the gun and put the bullets and all that stuff. It's just the unity did
Yeah, his buddy from South Carolina already taught him how to do the gun and load it in the school, uh-huh
They gotta keep it in the family, I guess
Okay pal have a great day. All right, Ethan
5 6 7 0 5 60 Pog got many open lines here for some bizarre reason
Well, they're probably all watching the trial today because said you're certainly probably being more interested
Yeah, I already had 65 faxes of this already this fantasy the study says some gays can go straight
That's like saying that some blacks can go white. Oh, look at that the lights are flashing must be an act of God
Uh-huh, as you said that as I said that
Started flickering like my face hope for you. Yeah, you want a wife and a family right
Dr. Robert Spitzer a Sir Country Professor at Columbia University in South Carolina who led the study says he can't estimate
What percentage of highly motivated gay people can change their sexual orientation
But it's probably just about as high as the number of people who can change their skin color right
So you can you can do your uh Anthony Perkins or whoever else and you can go get married and pretend to be something
All you want to satisfy all these homophobes or just be whatever you are
The choice is yours
But don't waste any more of my fax paper over I already had 30 copies of that and not interested
More fairy tales from the right wing from the good religion is like that Baptist minister that I abducted 11-year-old girl and sexually abused her and took her off to Vegas
I guess you could say you took her gamble on what he did and lost
Like usually happens in Vegas you take her gamble and lost and have a lovely he had a good time too for a while
Is that line six out again? It's been that way for days now. Yeah line six is out again
I just mentioned that I don't want to ruffle the feathers of engineering department because they're probably busy
Playing P-knuckle
Or maybe getting the cards in there so the guys that working in the all of room across the hall can get there
They're a thing to come in the door there
I mentioned that the other day they were standing out there cooling their heels and I luckily for them
Walked out and took a leak and opened the door so they can get in and I heard one scream to the other
T George Corso told me two months ago. He was gonna give us those cards to open the door two months ago
And I made it out of the message. Yeah. No, maybe the message is the George Corso ain't doing anything
I think that's a message. Oh, yeah, it's typical. Don't hold your breath guys and plus what are you guys doing in there?
Anyway, oh each other
Eight minutes after 11 at 560 WQM this Mother's Day is Sunday, May 13th. There is the other way around Mother's Day is this Sunday
Either way you look at it Sunday, May 13th
They after Saturday make mom happy by sending her bear gram gift them to the Vermont bear teddy bear company
It's a fun original way to let mom know she's loved and appreciated your mom wife or grandma will receive a beautiful bear
Handcrafted and Vermont and personalized just for her with a candy and card all delivered in colorful gift box
Just call a friendly bear counselor one eight hundred eight two nine bear and choose from over a hundred bears like to do it all mom or mama's boy
With a heart-shaped mom tattoo. There's even a pregnancy bear
Taylor a bear to your mom's occupation or hobby with a nurse doctor teacher slut or gardening bear
sending a bear gram is a creative alternative to flowers that your mom will love forever
Send a bear to the office while the co-workers can see just how thoughtful you are and you can be a really big shot for a little while
It's so your job dad to get mom and present from the kids too and the mother in Cubsett is a really nifty idea
overnight and weekend livery's guaranteed so called it but we got it six o'clock again
And I guess a mad dog I heard him belly-hacking about it on a Friday charges a little bit too much of the problem
So we have to go low rent district this week because the marlins are on a west coast. So once again at six tonight
We got oh god six to nine three hours might as well shut the transmitter off and save the juice
Did he say save the juice nine o'clock? He got your uh busy crow and then nine thirty the pregame marlins at the Dodgers
Marlins one last night seven to six. I mentioned that in passing
Anything
Any interest no no
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, no, how you doing? Okay, sir good. I hate to do this to you
But it was didn't it not to barns. I mean that really said it was to barns. Oh, excuse them
Well, it was it was forty five just happened. Okay. Well, it doesn't really make a difference
Second thing was that the Bruins just signed Robbie for Torra because their new head coach. Yeah, and nobody here cares
Maybe I don't know who that is
Okay, so good job with the devil's there Robbie. Oh, sorry. They fired him
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T. Oh, it's a hockey show today. Is that what it is? Oh, no, I don't think so
Let me say it again. This is in the hockey town. It's not a baseball town. It's not a sports town
It's a person buggy town always has been always will be it's a banana boat town
It's a early bird town. That's it. I mean if you want to be pissed off at me for saying that go ahead and be pissed off
That's the truth. That's not the way I like it. I'm not happy about that, but that's just the way it is
That's what you are
Hey
Hit him again beat come on beat
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and for Ryzen wireless line
Here's the mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello, Neil. How you doing great? Hey, I watched cash in yesterday
All right for the first time yesterday was pretty interesting. I guess it's got some kind of supernatural thing to it
Well, I had the whole thing is ridiculous. You're right. You kind of are my dreams and gremlins goblins
You remember dark shadows? Yeah, that was great. Yeah, but this is more front than dark shadows
Yeah, I may watch it again today too many fighting comments and dark shadows. Hey as far as that Brazil kid
He knew exactly what he was doing. Yes. I don't feel responsible for him
He don't and went while that rubber rubber sidebacks gonna be knocking on your door
About three in the morning give you a lecture right to your face mister. Hey since they're gonna have the table set up next week for McVeigh
Anyway, yeah, send hate and Nate and send him in line put one under each arm would be good take them all down
Okay, thank you. That's not a bad idea three for one
Oh
5 6 7 0 5 oh you're cruel and barbaric you're heartless. Oh, yeah, I'm heartless, huh
Nobody cares about victims like I said that's why we have victims advocacy groups in this country
We shouldn't have to have those things but we do because generally speaking the victims
Yeah, they're not very exciting anymore because they're dead see
So you don't see them being interviewed every five minutes on TV and most most of the time their relatives are grieving too much
They don't want to be bothered
Unless it's Fred Goldman who wants you know to get a TV show because he got a big mustache
Never see Fred Goldman and Lanny McDonnell together. Oh no
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's a mobile in Weston. Hello
Hello, how you doing Neil pretty good sir
Well, I'm up to the top of you for singing for the sports town, but I have to disagree with you. I don't think it's any different than the other town, you know
Wrong
Is that the end of my call? No, but it's just wrong your point is wrong. It's not the end of your call. You say what you want if we can compare to some other places
I mean take a look at your Pittsburgh, England. I mean before Mario
Pittsburgh is not a sports town either nobody ever said it was well
I mean how many towns we have to go through before we can compare it as well
Well, see that but you'll see well this is what happened with expansion sir when they trouble they got
Greene and they wanted to squeeze a hundred million dollars out of franchises and split up the money amongst themselves
The fan that's not the fans that you're talking fans, you know, that's that's that's that's that's the business of sports
You know the fear you're you're not letting me finish
Okay, go ahead. I'm sorry the point being that they wound up putting major league franchises in the cities that couldn't or wouldn't support them
That's the point and that is the fans
Well, I could agree with you there for sure, but you know, you take a look at a place like the air exceeded
They've got mass transportation. They've got population at doubles our size and they can get people to the ball games
Even midday midweek. Yeah, what about what about saying Lewis
What about what about what about Detroit?
Are they downtown stadiums?
Detroit does they're not they they're not putting anybody in that stadium. They just build them a brand new stadium. They're not throwing flies
Well, we're talking about South Florida, you know, in our sports fans
No, you were just talking about New York now, but if I mentioned someplace else that you don't know about and then we're talking about South Florida again
This is not a major league sports sponsor and it never will be it never never ever will be
And the idea you can build 50 stadiums. They can be like the Taj Mahal and if there's no interest in
Why would they be going to a stadium in a place that they don't want to go to where they can't get to and have to pay an arm and like the park
Why are they gonna go there when they're not going to the place we got now?
So I just I just feel like you don't you don't keep fans of this area
No, no, I just I ask you a question
Why would they be going there at the riverfront?
Why would they go to Miami if they won't go to the county line?
Well, I'd have to say that if you can get into a downtown area where you can get people to get out of the office building
Smith Day how many people how many people are gonna leave the office?
This isn't Chicago where they have businessmen's ball games. This is Miami. How many people work downtown?
Well, take a look at the sky over there. There's plenty of businesses over there where you've got people
Sure, how much time do you spend in downtown Miami?
I spend virtually no time in downtown
Okay, good then call me back when you can talk about something you know something about you know
It's nothing about St. Louis. You know, it's nothing about Detroit. You know, it's nothing about downtown Miami
But I'm being unfair to our great fans down here
Sir, I hate to break the news to you. I've been to Marlon games one of the first two three years
We had the team I went to a lot of games. Okay, and I said they were listening to the inane comments of the idiots that were sitting around me
I've been to top and probably the more panther games in last since we had the franchise the 99% of you put together, okay?
And up until this last season I've been to every panther home game when I was in town every single one up until this last year
And why did I stop going because I just lost my interest even though they built it like I could walk really from my house to where the arena isn't be a long walk
But I could do it I
Could walk there and back I get free tickets the only thing I pay for is my parking
And I still have no interest in going most of the time
It's lame. It's crap
You can't package garbage and try to sell it at stake people aren't gonna keep buying it and you can't keep cranking the price up and up and up and up and
And when whining and begging and pleading. Oh, you got to build me a new facility because this one isn't good enough because I can't pay anymore millions
It's it's insanity. It's craziness
And especially in a place that's got an excuse for everything why they won't do this why they won't do that
Orders of cloud in this guy. That's a good excuse to nobody going today
This past Sunday was the the most beautiful example I've ever seen
So the beach and for a lottery. I'll just jend with people. I mean hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people at a time for the air show
And if you if you're into the air show fine. I'm not but if that's your thing fine. It's not a sport
I mean if you want to seem drop in watermelons in the ocean. That's great
Uh, rumor is they won't be doing that again next year they heard my thread about the dark post kitchen out of that
Yeah, nothing but charts are there next year if they find out there's watermelons in the ocean all of that can't swim but anyway
Watermelons can't
Watermelons can but dark folks can't
Now if the watermelons could float
They could ride them all the way in the part of that BTA program like I said back to Africa right on that watermelon
Just keep the seeds in there to keep it afloat. That's good could lessen for you
But this guy wants to give me a he doesn't know anything about any of these other areas
But he's gonna give me a lesson in a lecture and then he uses Pittsburgh as an example
Piss poor piece of crap sports town
They just built that place on their stadium for the pirates. Are they gonna be following that at all?
Because they they they got a crap team and he won a head good teams
They couldn't fill up probes feel when I had good teams. They couldn't fill up three rivers. They had no attendance
The only thing that they go there in Pittsburgh is because the football team. It's a one. It'll just like here
It's an industrial town. It's not like a big mega-lop of this there. Pittsburgh and never will be
The working class town. It's a blue collar town
It's not a city where they ought to have a hockey team. They have an NBA team. No, it's not for good reason
But you know and just keep watering it down and watering it down
Let's have more and more franchises more and more millions and millions and millions use suckers keep paying more and more your tax money
Keep paying more for your tickets and the public is saying. Oh, I don't think so
But I'm the bad guy because I'm telling you the truth and some of you sports nerds out there just can't you can't accept it just the way it is
Mobile in four-letter deal hello
Yes, sir
Get a new phone pal call me on a phone that works sound like a two-ton cans of a string. Yeah
Here's plantation hello
Plantation
Going once
Going twice. Okay many many open lines five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon
Marbles line they want to talk about in the federal Brazil about the article I read about Robert Steinberg about the marlins about the stadium
They're gonna put through I hook her by crook about the election in July. Oh, but any of these things now
Now they don't want to do it
Here's a mobile and deer field hello, you know you can't even fill up your phone lines
I will get a fill up a damn stadium right as I said that many times. That's right
That doesn't cost them a dime to call and I still can't get to have it as a calls
You know the big deal with this town you live that everybody's from somewhere else
Everybody's home team is way up north somewhere and they don't give a crap about this town unless it's something to see for free
Like the air show. Yeah, man
That's right. The air show the air show was free. I never thought about that good point. Yeah exactly
We yeah
But you know the only actually the only game you'd be like hey for this probably hang up on me
But the only games I've ever really wanted to see was you have been back when I was my younger days
Yeah, that was that was about the only thing that was local
So why am I gonna hang up on you for saying that? Well, I know you hate it you and with a passion, but you know
I'm broadcast you and baseball for six years
Ah, yeah, well, this is before and you know something we had more people coming out for a little of those when they played FSU or Florida
We had more people coming to those games and the marlins good for many of the games now. I do like that
Exactly that mark light field they fill it up over flowing now
Yeah, they can fill up the stadium is the same proportion but not these people
You know, then it's a tourist app. It'll always be a tourist app. Yeah, I mean look at I used to live at Tampa that Tampa
We used to fill up the stadium there, you know for any oh yeah, they're doing a real good job for baseball not
Uh-huh. Well, I mean I'm talking about the old
Sir, let me let me say it again. They are they are drawing flies for baseball in Tampa that franchise that won't be gone before this one
Maybe the NBC need to do something like the XFL with uh, basically. Yeah. Okay. Great
5 6 7 0 5 60 probably as a matter of fact they probably get the same number of people to watch that as they're getting in the ball parks right now
I'm here in Florida
Send number of people to watch the XFL on TV and the same FBI 9-Sign 9 people
See I don't know what it is. It's it's like trying to convince people to light like this sun is out there
You know it walk outside. It's blue sky to sun is shining. Oh, that's the sun up there. Oh, no, it's not
No, it's not you're where do you see that? What are you talking about?
You have to be deaf dumb blind a total ass fool not to understand that this just ain't gonna fly here
And I have one part of me that hopes that they actually because I don't live in Dave County
It's not gonna cost me a dime. I am one part of me that hopes they could do go ahead and put it over on you again
So that people like Hank and some of the other people who keep riding the fence and keep waxing all romantic about oh
I love baseball big stinking deal. It's just they're gonna fly here
I love hockey too. And like I said if they closed down the team tomorrow isn't gonna change my life
I'm second-tiered a wasting night after night and watching the same tired old people in their belly
It could about gee who don't even know what the other talking about we got about 50 fans in that place
We even understand the game and the rest of them are running their cell phones and they're out there milling around in a hallway with their social club
And you listen to the people behind you talking crap talking about stories about their
fantasies and Vietnam and all just nonsense
And then the stuff that they are talking about that might even relate to the game
They haven't got a China men's chance to have an idea what they're talking about
Hit him again, Pete
man
And there there's a there's a good test for it too anybody
It's ever been to a sporting event in other cities as opposed to being the one here. Ah
Think about that test
That test of what this market's all about
26 after 11 and 5 60 QM its mother's day very soon as in this Sunday
But there's nothing better than flowers to tell mom that you'll ever but if you call any florist you'll not come for store locations
You're listening to wheels for trade
For trade you five sixty
Q a
You're like this all the sopranos update in 60 seconds fun
Middle of Jackie junior start to get hot and heavy
Jackie junior gives her some ecstasy but it thinks he'd up metal falls asleep
Then the Tony Ralfi saga continues Tony still mad at Ralphie killed the stripper and Ralphie's mad at Tony for hitting him
Tony wants an apology and Ralphie wants to become a captain. I want to be a cap on
Then Gigi the guy Tony pass Ralphie over four pulls and Elvis and dies on the toilet
So guess what Ralphie becomes a captain
Tony bumps into a hot Mercedes Benz dealer a talk to her mouth
He's office and suddenly has an urge to buy that numerous 80s group and have sex with the salesperson
The thing is the pranos he test drives the Mercedes
And the salesperson
Back to annoying metal and Jackie junior. She's drunk takes Jackie's car and drives it off the road and dies
Oh, she's fine. Let's have pranos update in 60 seconds flying
1131 at 560 W. Kim join George this Friday 5 is 7 at the Shell location
2600 north 29th Avenue
Just west of I 95 insurance. Oh, that's by what we used to work over by where a taxi used to be right is queer channel in there in that building no
Oh, maybe stop by the bossy. Yeah, everybody. What's the name Jack Mars?
They're not there anymore. Oh, is anybody in there? I don't know. Oh, why do you find out?
We're going by C Bob and Cheryl
Sure, anyway this Friday 5 is 7 at the Shell station located 2600 north 29th Avenue
Just west of I 95 insurance stop by by enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs where I were makes the difference
Boy when prizes road addresses and 10 dollar gas cards while they land now that that might bring somebody by okay
And I'll also be cleaning windshields for everyone to stop spying
No, you won't you will they have a squeegee. I'll clean. Okay. George will clean your windshield too
He'll lick it that and the windshield to five to seven this Friday at the Shell station on Sheridan with George
Who's desperate to get somebody out there because it's embarrassing plus I like saying squeegee. Okay. He likes to look at it
Any window to
5 6 7 0 5 60 house. Oh, look at that market made a little comeback there. It looked like it was going to be a disastrous day
Might not be after all I get back to court TV now
We got one of the teachers on there on the stand and she's saying great as it was yeah great as it was
Here's Miami. Hello
Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great? I'm a Schwarzer who thinks Nate Brazil should be fried. Yeah, okay?
Okay, but I want to clear up a couple of things about your stereotyping of black people stereotyping black people
First of all, we do not all look for handouts
We do not all speak ebonic. Yeah, when did I say you do?
Well
No, I'm not going to hear you out of because you're yeah, I'm not going to let you mistake things that I've never said
I've never said that you all do any okay, but we don't all share the same values and my mind. I say that you do
Well, it's you know, it seems like you do if I want to say a type of you
I could say you know you are you a member of man-blook because you're gay you're an old gay guy not this week now
Did I did I ask you if you were a member of a crime?
When you say spot that you know, it doesn't mean black
Yeah, so you know, I'm assuming you you think about all black people
I mean you crop us up into one group as if we're just more well when I speak about all black people by saying what
Well, you like just like you said about the air see
You know, if I water melon. Yeah, stuff like that
What's another? You find that offensive you don't you'll find any humor?
No, I do find watermelons and fried chicken and chill and and I guarantee that there plenty of black folks are over there
At the ocean right now digging a watermelon's up. You know, you're right. You're right. So what's wrong with that?
What's wrong with a few watermelons that but I mean you make it seem like
So I'm gonna be right you say and then black people don't eat watermelon sure we do
So then how am I wrong?
I cannot speak for all black people and you know you I never met a black person my life who didn't like watermelon
Well, I love you so Neil, but you know a couple of things you say it's love this
And fried chicken do you eat fried chicken churches or bow jangles? I love right churches or bow jangles?
Huh and not Kentucky fried right?
Actually, I do like Kentucky fried. Oh, but you're not black
That's the end of that call. He's not pleased put on a voice black people
It's just like black people like Motown. Do they like Motown? No, no, they don't
Don't be like saying that black people like destiny's child
And in fact, I commend black people I commend anybody who hates destiny's child
Because they make me nauseous they and then now we got 75 groups just like destiny's child
They all look the same they all sound the same they all smell the same they all dress the same they make me barf destiny's child
Right child
Right
Let's play honey child by fancy. I'm not like that. It was on the other side of blueberries hill
5670560 pounds. So what I could just say something about churches
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir
How are we gonna fill up the stadium when we got rich scientists outside Kylindan? Yeah, okay. Good one great
Cauter. I'm sure it's okay at least what four five seconds to think of that brilliant
See pretty dumb question today, but I had to make it simple because Eric is in town and he's busy eating all day
Erickson and eating seminar today
So we didn't have time to like put a really meaningful question on our website probably won't get a big response
Do you think that most Americans take responsibility for their own actions?
No 23 and yes, too two people say yeah
Of course, there's no point of having a full question if everybody's gonna answer the same
But we got two people out there say oh yeah most Americans take responsibility for their own action. Yeah, I agree with that
Here's four Myers. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing pretty good? Hey, we're looking
That whole question you got there. Yeah, I agree. I think we need to build a nice rodeo arena. Yeah, there you go
Uh-huh rodeo. Well, we're both twisting for all yeah, huh. There he is again world world twisting tour
In fact, that's what he's been doing all day. We're letting it twist that and twirling it squirt squirt. There he goes
That's what they do most of the time over there in a west coast world world twisted in the squirrel five six seven oh five sixty eight both so sad
I still say that they like floated down stream from Johnson city Tennessee
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right wall-eyed mugwams. That's the west coast of Florida
We got some nice people over there in a west coast. There was on seven seventy about seven or eight
That's why they keep chopping a shorter and shorter over there because they are more into that real intellectual stuff like the stock market show
And then the Cleo gonna have her bronchio on there pretty soon
Mm-hmm
five six seven oh five and what's the uh?
Yeah, hold yet one the rip off. We got a new one now the holy yet. Oh, I haven't seen her. I don't watch spect TV
No, she's not on spect TV. She's like all over the place. Oh, I'm really at the Cleo. I mean Cleo's not on Haitian TV or do you make in TV?
She's on everything. She's all over the place. She's like fire. She's on your bed spread. She's on your tablecloth
She's on your doily in fact I surround at black doily that cane wears on his head
Yeah, oh, I'm telling you every Sunday
It's part of my weekend routine if I'm home between one and two. It's that public access station and there's mr
Ego with the like looking through a
Negative photo print. I mean you just barely make anything out on the screen which adds to the ambiance of the whole thing
But you can't see that black doily is got on his head and all the other fulny body parts. It is special
Last week he had some SNM guide big fat guy tied up with like a bondage, you know with the whole thing
I watched about 30 seconds of that not sir midian. I don't know. I don't want to find out
He had a bigger conference and is the waist two
5605 60 pound fine. That's what I would say about that show. What a waste wow nice. Go there
It's from Martin's and Dodgers tonight. He's the Martin's day fan born in Sean Bukeshoppe
Call it for recovery starts with shivers regals talking hardball with the crow at night. It's romantic mullets on deck at 935
I sports radio 5.62 am. I got two sets of lips
Welcome to the biggest dink
Any of these five men in the studio tonight could win up to one million dollars
They don't know each other. However, if they walk to win the money, they will have to prove to me. They can be
the biggest dink
William doing World War II what US general referred to his advanced headquarters as lucky forward
A fine. You correct response Robert what offer won the Pulitzer prize in 1945 for his novel The Bell of Adano
Ernest Hemingway John Hersey
Charles who became the first human to break the sound barrier while piloting the bell X1 experimental plane
Hello me correct Gerard the Liberty Bell
Practiced in 1835 while tolling in mourning the death of what former government official
Oh John Jay I believe your pig ignorance and following the rules of the game will prevent you from winning the money
Goodbye. Oh, yeah. Well then sit on my face bitch
Correct response. I will officially put you back into the game Gerard lucky you
Last chance to prove yourself. I'll go to Richard Richard what animal did Lewis Carroll's mad hatter insert into the poem
Twinkle twinkle little star. She I don't know and but hey insert this
I heard you a male stubbornness lip and response
You are the biggest thing. What can I say but
1445 60 WQ I'm speaking of eating things by the way here's the facts I received earlier this morning
I want to thank Diana the weight manager
Well that's the name of the place but the answer is no
subject lose the weight and keep it off. She says I know it's very difficult to lose weight and keep it off
And that's why I would like to introduce you to my company the weight manager
Our plans involved no shots no pills and for that matter no gimmicks and the answer is still no
You noticed that word keeps popping up here. No we require your cooperation and changing your eating habits
So we can help you make the right food choices now I started reading this this morning
Then I got to this partner kind of like it says our plans are based on the food pyramid
So you can make the right choices while eating at home or eating out at your favorite restaurant
So maybe going to a party
Yeah, we provide motivational support and constant follow up with you so we can help assure your weight management success
Now does that part sound like the same old
Yeah
We'd like to provide you a complimentary weight loss plan. No, we're convening located in plantation
And please contact us at your earliest convenience at 954 yadi yadi
So we can start managing it together it no now
Thanks anyway Diana and then I give you nice free plug
Also I'm obsessed by new law says at the bottom. No say I know say I've got new lucky. They speak yet. It's no pinky to Bonnie. Huh?
Carso hoist
Pubmins raored five six seven oh five sixty pound five. No, no, don't take that personal diet. I didn't mean for you
I'm just teaching George some years. They should know what you said. Oh
How do you know? There's probably Jews over there. It's a weight loss thing
Hey, Jews are big on weight loss and the good news we had the other day while you were up there in what you call it
Intenacy his guess who's still alive
That the honey Julia. He's very much still alive. I thought he was dead
So that was reassuring news. It's not we're always reading about all these celebrities who died and we get very
You know sad about it for five minutes not much we can do about it
But uh once in a while you get good news. He's still alive
The honey Julia. Oscar Lapidus. No, Oscar Lapidus was the sunny lapelata
Right. I get him confused. I don't know who played who I think Richie Karen was Oscar Lapidus. Was he? Yes, no
sunny lapel I said sunny lapelata and then somebody called up and said no it
It's been so long since I saw the goddamn movie
Exactly
Somebody will know some expert on fatso some fatso expert out there you wait the only
Here's a mobile in North Miami B. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hey, how you doing great
The one thing that concerns me about this stadium deal and what is that freaking
Guy Royale and fingerhead
They're gonna arrange it so that they vote the thing up or down
Probably during the summer one July July
Morons were here, huh? So there's no television another special election in July like they did with the penny sales tax that
The uh gas the whatever that was the roads that tingo piccini tried two summers ago
Right, that's exactly the same
And they probably figure they can pull it off in July this year because I won't be here this July that was two years ago
I was here I won't be here yeah, well anyway that's what concerns me so we'll keep an eye on it
Listen on this Brazil thing do you think the guy should be tried as an adult or a juvenile court adult
And me too because Randy's just freaking out. She's like uh
Well, let me ask you something when you're talking about a bleeding heart liberal like that bitch
Whether she's freaking out have a great day pal not interested in what she's thinking. Are you interested in what she's thinking? Oh no
She's freaking out. She's freaking ridiculous
5 6 7 0 5 60 she just freaking pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
I mean you let me know there there want to be led down the garden path by some of these professional Ojan
Prabhakator want to be talk show hosts. I feel sorry for you some of you professional the aunt is out there some of you light bulb people
Life isn't a talk show okay, sir. This is a talk show. This is my life. This is uh. No, it's not my life
This is my occupation. This is what I do to make a here a couple of bucks associated with a volcano
Think associated with a volcano. Squared's great. Go Peter North the place the islands where there's one going now why
Not cool that's hot
Uh the one up in washing
These are left over in a fire at the bottom of the place. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What it does it? It rubs
And it's like it's like it happens at the
Another word
Nice going there
One of the great shows in the history of mankind nobody doesn't like pyramid
If you don't like the pyramid then you're and you're out there right now. You're an asshole
Okay, I don't want to start playing butch boss with you
Been telling you wait till I can what not to like but if you don't like that show you're a major major
Asshole you're breathing a lot of air that somebody useful could be breathing just keep that in mind don't take it personal unless you want to
It's a great show not a good show. It's a great show. Not as good as passion, though
That's because Miguel's not on there
Here's a mobile in Helendale or Timmy mobile in Helendale. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir
I'll talk on the stadium issue. Yeah, I don't think they needed I would give it to them. They can't have my money for yeah
But the way I called Nathan Brazil
Uh, I think it should be tried as an adult you see all the posters 10 20 life
But yet nobody came to countable for their actions. They do what they want to do and then it comes to well
He's a minor. Well, he didn't know
It's only some sort of excuse and nobody can face up
You know on video you saw me pull the trigger. We shot the guy in the head. Get healthy
What's you know why is there any debate over a lot of these people because we have a lot of bleeding hearts out there
Who don't want to make people accountable for what they do and of course every and those people do such a reputable damage because every time that they start
Bleeding with a with a baloney here just like Robert Steinbeck
It's like sends a message out there that oh, we'll look at behind you. We'll get you off next time go ahead and do it
Yeah, not only should he be a cowboy wherever he got the gun. She'll also be how they countable right amen
Okay, if any
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and
You ever see the 6 6 6 I'm can I look at all the scottas here? Cut you see the 6 6 6 on this forehead
No, yeah, it's the anti-Christ
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach hello
Hey
You know, it held you so I'm floey a pretty good black rider
I'm gonna be oh hi go. I don't remember her. She's like really wholesome call. Yeah, a long time ago
Well, what do you mean? What do you mean by wholesome? What does that mean?
Wholesale sir sir?
What does that mean wholesome columns? What does that mean?
Jason right you got nothing controversial nothing ethnic nothing
Slanted nothing racial well. What's wrong with writing something controversial?
I don't want to read man be pambi. There's nothing wrong with being controversial
But writing this swillety wrote today. This is a garbage
But even when the issue is
clearly
I hate to say anti black but I will
He still finds on his own behalf
The issue is black. This is a black and white issue here
He always seems to make it that way him and pitch. Yeah, let us another one right
And have a great day
See he doesn't understand it. There's nothing wrong with having somebody writing about something of substance as opposed to a puff column
Which I don't want to be pup columns but at least write something that makes sense see the guys got it like part right
He just didn't the express himself well. No, there's that word again. No
He's all over the place all over the road
Kind of like the music on the coast
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line 72 votes not a very good pull question
I apologize, but Eric is busy eating all day today
Although he had to take one day out of his very busy schedule
He had to take a weekday and in order to maintain that gigantic girth of his
He had to go on an eating seminar from a breakfast till late-night snack
And so he we need he took about five minutes out to like flip this thing up on that's it five minutes out to flip it
And then of course, I'll be spending much time eliminating because when you eat non-stop wow
72 votes. Do you think that most Americans take responsibility for their own actions?
77 votes now yes 65
No, what is it? I mean no 65 thank God and yes 12 I want to give you a kiss wow
12 people say yes, they take responsibility for their own actions or maybe what they mean is 12 people in America take responsibility for their actions
That's it. We haven't found those 12 yet, but we're looking for them
Here's homestead hello, Hill. Yes, sir
Question did you see the article in the herald today that John Bobbick wants to get that knife that was used in auction it off?
No, yeah, it was in the and like the second page of the herald apparently are holding it in the courthouse
Holding it in the courthouse. Yeah, the knife too
Also no phone service on Sunday for Cuba. Yeah
Don't cut it off and
Well, maybe maybe barred the knife
Well, it's really amazing the things that really turned some of you people on like I said before wow wow wow wow wow wow
Like that facts about Stephen King is buying some
Mansion in serisota so that who cares somebody was the perfectly good sheet of my fax paper
The fax me that there's a rumor Stephen King is buying a nine million dollar mansion somewhere by serisota
Well, why does anybody care do I care about Stephen King where he lives?
No much is place God get a life get a freaking life
And have a nice day
560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line over gone for the 25,000
Here we go down we have here to work on dick. I'm gonna ask everybody to be nice. No quiet. There is no time quiet. Please
Five please coming up. Here's your first subject go go
Uh campus classroom classroom professor things in the school things in the university things in park the college
Uh
Uh, I think that I'll talk to my friends here in the 50s in this television show
I found
A lot of out of the time
Good
Yeah
There you go 25 grand up there
560 560 you didn't find that exciting. I find it was a fascinating. You were one somebody was hawking me a tiny
About one about nothing of consequence. Oh, I've had a lot of those
Here's line four somewhere. Hello
Neil yes, sir. I've been sitting here listening to this for a couple of days about the stadium and then hit me like a ton of bricks
Really?
I think it's a bush ballet between jab and George W and John Henry
They're gonna
piss off the people down here. They're gonna say there's not gonna be a stadium
John Henry's gonna move the team to watching to the baseball's fair. Heard more from tech George. They're not moving. They're not moving
They're not moving to Washington the Orioles won't permit it. We're talking to happen. Oh, I don't know
Let me let me say it again, sir
It's not going to happen read my lips. It is not going to happen. Is it gonna happen? No, no
5605 I mean talk about convoluted logic somehow now we've got the bush boys and I have no love for either one of
As you know, but now the bush boys are responsible that nobody goes to baseball games down here
And John Henry made it bad deal with Wayne. I mean you talk about really stretching it
Man that thing's gonna break pretty soon pal if you don't stop stretching it
God
Talk about lack of logic lack of common sense, but he's been thinking about it long and hard and uh, yeah
Wow
Give it your best shot come on here we go 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
4 minutes till noon to 2 a.m. Where are the bargains? I'll tell you where they are. I'll tell you where to go
The bargains are at the swapshop over 88 acre
Oh
I got good news and bad news
The good news is somebody sent me my own remote controlled fart machine the bad news is it doesn't have any batteries on it
We got a remote controlled fart machine what size batteries? I don't know because it's got a screw a screw down thing
Would like a little tiny Phillips head
You got a tiny little Phillips head
Here's my and the interesting part of it is even though there's no batteries when I press the button on the remote all the lights
So blinked again in the air remember like it did before yeah watch oh geez
There you go
Well, don't take my remote control. Don't be taking that whole thing out here because I know you. I'll never see it again
God and we got another letter from Richard Mollinary at all Richard
I'm doing the best I can for you, but don't be a chronic
Then we spent a lot of time on him yesterday trying desperately to get this poor bastard to drive the Miami fanatic
Wait for this to these pictures
And Richard sends me another letter of day saying hello. How are you?
I wanted to write and say a very big thank you for talking about me on your show Tuesday, May 8th as in yesterday
So we didn't waste any time here. It is Wednesday, May 9th
Just one week before we're going to execute tinnific day and here's another letter from Richard Mollinary
And another card from the Miami fanatic. I had several people mentioned to me
They heard about me on your show. I'll let you know as soon as I get a job. No, that's okay, Dick. Good luck to you
And here's another page hopefully that'll be real soon because standing on the concrete sidewalk four hours each day
Because of my knees and back to wake stay hello to George R for me. Hello, George R
What from Richard Mollinary the Miami fanatic? Oh, yeah
You know him when I used to do those remotes with Rick Weaver out at the stadium. He would go weaver
You remember Rick Weaver reaver
He used to do it. You did remotes with Rick Weaver
Remember when Gary Bruce was trying to get me to quit by
assigning me double duty and sports talk remotes twice a week and driving the van around and setting up equipment
fans beginning to blow the
Who the place elections they're blowing the place selection. Yeah
Anyway, he was always there at the at the stadium
Where's he now he is in on a clear street right now
But anyway, he says to say how to do it and there's another page
It says if I can ever be of any help by showing up on one of your charity fundraisers
I'd be glad to do so. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, thank you
Also know how to get people to dig deeper in their pockets for charity. No, thank you
But good luck to you and stop writing me some native letters. It's a good guy. We wish him all the best in the world
Miguel said he's a good guy
George said he's okay. Never stole a freight train. So how's our thought machine coming? We got batteries yet
They they took my pack of batteries out of and the fart machine out of here. So I don't know. Oh, so they're working on it right now
And it says is advertised in the how it's brumisho. How do you like that?
I've only got triple A batteries. I hope those are the right it says no more louder realistic farts louder is way
Yeah, and we already have one though like
We do yeah, it's in the cabinet somewhere we have a fart machine same exact and it's not good
Sure, it's good. Oh, we played away. We had one back at ii iud the old building. Oh, this is from long arms
Also, it's not for murmur because he short arms whoever long arm. Do we know who long arms is? I have no idea
It says you have a great show. I listen to it every day while I work heard you talking about the remote control fart machine
So I'm sending you once you can try it out on Hank
Hey, press the remote
It's over there. I put it way over there. Oh, geez holy crap
Oh, give me my thing now. Thank you. That's pretty good
Different parties. I don't know about better
Oh
This would be great on the elevator, don't you think oh yeah, that would be great on our elevator
People are already peeing in their pants that they're not gonna make it back to the first floor and that thing
And they're usually probably right
Oh, this is great. You mean we've got one in the cabinet. We haven't made great use of this
This is what are coming from you to the hand. Yes, we've been the batteries out of it. You know we never did
We put it behind a rich kind of ride out of gas you might say
You're from the other that's beautiful and it's got a remote control button
Now wait a minute wait a minute
Are you pressing the button in there?
Because this one is just farting spontaneously now. Oh no
Interchangeable remote okay there
Great and I'm sure when we get the batteries in this one. Yeah, get those bad
We'll have a new air and I'll be yeah, we have a college our own farting contest
This is sensational. So thanks a lot of our long arms. Oh, I see if anybody else is interested
Oh, I see here's somebody who sells them. I thought it was somebody just be a nice and bought us one is Hank in the building today
Yeah, I guess so sounds like hang hey, let's nap to the stuff
He said yesterday about Wafflin and at ballpark thing. I'm uh, you know
I'm just thinking since we have an excellent product is out on fancy while turning that he got me a crazy yesterday
With a you know waxing poetic of a baseball and then he got a nice young team and yeah big deal
That in 40 cents a bite half a cup of coffee, okay about a quarter of a bigal
If anyone's interested and says I saw them on eBay for 995 each my eBay I'd be is law I see long arms
or
Or they can't not testing on that's great now is yours hooked up. Yes. Oh
All in on the best part of it is it works in stereo when you get that one hooked up
Here we go
Ha ha ha great but the best part of it also is they're not doing the same one
Beauty I like that so it's like a twin whore kind of like the old days, huh?
man anyone
Can buy one on look at that Carlito one they're not gonna do that Carlito one
Car it's not can't even read this Carlito one at prodigy prodigy.net. I don't know
His eBay ideas long arms. That's the best bet
They're 995 and were worth it twice the price I'd say
Yeah, they got a remote control is advertised on the high list do Howard sperm show
560
0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's a call in Perine hello. Hello, hey, yes, sir. How you doing great first-hand call all right
All the thing I have a disagreement with you is the motown sound
You constantly do the second time you say that black people didn't oh, I didn't listen to well
I can tell you now how old are you?
49 well, then you should know because without a detroit the deal was they always used to say that motown was for a black music for white people and that black folks
Listened like James Brown and all kinds of other stuff
No, well, I don't know about them, but in Cleveland
Did you spend any time in Cleveland as little as possible?
Okay, I did want to go to Northfield down in Cleveland. We lost the rancid that was it and I also went to a Browns
The Giants football game in 1960 that was the end of it
Well motown used to come to Cleveland a lot after different motown review and stuff. No wonder they wanted a business here
But motown was I sound
It was the sound because door on the
Thing's day and still know the words just being soft
You know and I agree with you all right
I feel a lot better knowing that dark folks like motown. It's a lot there that hip-hop crap. I'll tell you that right
And definitely child those songs won't last past the year. You won't even know the words. Thank God and and as far as chicken go
Which place we like to eat at yeah, it doesn't matter. We just love chicken. We love boiled fried and we even love jerk chicken jerk chicken
Yeah, that's right. So you know, it's no choice of where we go to eat chicken. How about jerk pork?
You could probably get some in this neighborhood. Yeah, we weren't loads of Jamaica
It wouldn't probably get some good jerk chicken for you. Yeah
You know, you put like you put lime juice on it
Well lime juice on jerk chicken. No, it's a seasoning that you buy it's a Jamaican seasoning
It would career being seasoned in rubber and you rub it all over the chicken and
Picking in the oven and it tastes good, but if you don't know what about watermelon? What about watermelon? Don't you love it on the top of the list?
There you go black people should never say that a watermelon
Remember that time they ran the ad and and
In the front of the page or something advertisement. They had a black person eating a watermelon
I wouldn't have fined by that because I know watermelon when it sees I look for the season every year to begin talking about me a night
Big watermelon. It tastes good
And it also comes in handy for a jerk in pork too have a rate they pal five and you have a jerk pork with the watermelon
560 7.05 560.560
on the AT&T
And Verizon wireless line this thing is just
astonishing. Oh, yeah
Just when you think they're done sometimes it's like a second thing they get a second win
Stereo boy too ever
I'm feeling this season
About 14 at 560 wqa.m
Here's a facts and look at this
They're all stealing now and you'll never guess what the cast are nobody yesterday morning Monday
We did the farts because we got this great CD
But pull my finger so anyway yesterday morning cast are no one doing a fart show
And Dan LaBasterd writes it says I have a feeling he listens to your show
Uh
20 questions with Marlon's capture Charles Johnson C.J
One from this is from Dan LaBasterd. Oh, you have to have a funny story over the years about someone breaking wind in the batter's box
How do you like that? How Dan LaBasterd is farting in a hero
Seeing Neil farts once and all of a sudden they're farting all over town
Just like that
525 votes on a pool. Do you think that most Americans take responsibility for their own actions 19 years?
No, 106
165 percent say no, and that's the correct answer of course
Here's another fact that says I know you're always wondering if some people are still alive or some have died
This website might help thank you Jonathan and the Gables
Www. Who's alive and who's dead calm?
That's cute
What I must cover a lot of territory
Www. Who's alive and who's dead calm?
I
Wonder if our friend is on there
Sonny La Colonna
He's alive
They hit him with five pizza pies. They still alive
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir
I'm a big baseball fan and a Marlon's fan and uh, I go to a game very occasionally as the season goes on and it gets hot
And the range become more unpredictable. It'll be less and less
But what I don't understand of
Doesn't seem to come out. You hear this guy Henry
expects me to drive like an hour an hour and a half because I've got to go through the rush hour to get there
And all these complaints and everything some legitimate that these people have
Why should I leave my house when I can watch it for here for basically for free and not only that
But I get to see plenty of other baseball games. I mean, you know
They're giving it to me for basically free and any fan, you know come come to the hassle
Spend all your money and come here. I don't see your your your your missing the point. He doesn't care where they build it
I mean he would have preferred by Centennial Park because he might have actually been successful there
But in his mind anyway
But uh, he doesn't care as long as somebody will build it for him. So I understand that but I'm a baseball fan
And I don't even support it because of the fact that most of the time during the week
I'm not gonna go period right
I'm gonna watch it here
And you know, nobody seems to bring out the fact that you know, maybe a lot of people follow the marlins and watch the games
But they're not gonna go out to the ballpark no matter where he but a lot of people don't watch the marlins and follow the games
Their TV ratings are abysmal. They're minuscule
How many people do you probably would know how many people watch the marlins game on TV?
Yeah
I have no idea what
More than or in the stadium like that probably yeah, so that you know
It all these games are going corporate. It's like roll that movie rollerball
You know, it's it's not about you stay or anything unless it's corporate people
It's about you know TV and pretty soon he'll get smart
No start either blacking out games or start sure
I'm not gonna make it's I if they blacked out every game is gonna make a bit of difference
You probably right people still wouldn't go out they just start paying more to watch it on satellite if they wanted it and
You're you're missing the point most people don't care
Don't you get it the number of people are watching you put a phone booth in every room for the Chinese army
Most people don't carry you just can't get that through your mind. That's true. That's the other thing
This is not a major league baseball town. It's not a major league anything town
It's not I don't know what you're laughing about. It's not the dolphins do that dolphins do well
The dolphins is like it's been here for 35 years. Okay. That's the one thing. They go there to tailgate and to get drunk
You know, it's a redneck thing. That's why it does well here plus it's only one
Right, that's right and it's on and it's only eight times a year. Yeah, so John Henry, you know do it every one
It makes a difference to me with no matter what you do. I'm gonna watch baseball either way so it's no skin off my ass
Okay, thanks. Thank you. Well, that was good time. You went up beautiful. Wow. Thanks for the good talk up
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T
And Verizon wireless line
Here's for a lot of Dale hello
Hello, yes, sir
Well, this is a voice in the past. This is a Edward Ali
I was on your show one time with Mabla Muriel hair. Wow
It's going back huh? Uh-huh something new
How's she doing by the way? She's still dead. She's still dead. Oh, okay. That's what I'm hearing. There's a door now
Um
This is I say this is new. Oh, and you know, you know, you also knew about 12 years ago. Uh-huh
And that is uh
It's just nobody will touch it great story but nobody will touch it. Yeah, and that is the
Uh discovery of the factual nature of existence the factual nature of existence
My what does that mean?
The scientific discovery of the factual nature of existence the factual nature of existence. Yes, yes indeed
Uh-huh, but the problem is
It messes up everything else, but what is the uh scientific story of the factual uh
Whatever you said, okay
uh quantum physics
bumped into a brick wall
before
Back in about 1890 uh-huh and uh, so
Come along 50 years later
This engineer from general electric
Recognized that he had to have a that there was needed a an uninvasive
Means of approaching fundamental physics
Physics, the level of the cultural and racial structure
So he approached it on the basis of motion
So we have a new system and uh it works
It's pushing the notion in the back the pushing the notion in the basket. Yeah
and uh
Sure, listen, what are you talking about?
And well, I wanted you to condense this to something that the average more I can understand like us. What are you talking about?
Now nature doesn't care about the average more on it doesn't care about much of anything. Yeah, well
But that's what we're talking to you like me. It's more like me
So you're gonna have a conversation and it's gonna be meaningful you have to explain it in terms that we can understand
Okay, otherwise it just comes across as double talk. Which is what it sounds like to me. All right, the new system shows the new system
Yep, that's what this is. Okay, new physics system shows that existence is a continuum
based on motion. Yeah
And uh, so it goes on and on there's no beginning
There's no creation. Yeah, there's no end point. I love that's nothing new. That's just a concept of infinity. There's nothing new
But for this is the first time that there's scientific proof of it. Yeah, this is the thing
Yeah, this is something that can't be recruited. Mm-hmm. So
Melta media will touch it. No, of course not. It's not good for business. So don't make any waves. Okay. Okay
You had a maverick and John by the way
Pardon I say have a rate day five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. It's undulating. It's it's moving in its rolling and it's uh,
ongoing and it's infinite and it's gigantic and vivid massive as required, he would say
Let me make a sense to you what he was just uh, how can I try to come on what
five six seven oh five
sixty pound five six
Six the on and he was on my show years ago. What does that tell you? Yeah
That's the kind of shows I used to and I'm still apologizing for not to the audience to myself
I
still have some uh, gray matter left up there for those shows. How about holy Joe come on holy Joe holy Joe
All those other getch keys I used to put on the air was fun and it's day, you know, it had it they had their moments
All the rabbis the rabbi would the jury which there's gun this had all of these things
Speaking of jury which and how's he doing? He died
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay, listen your four questions is very suitable for today's
Topic I think it's gonna be all of the news later on today about this kid on trial
But nobody thinks I want to talk about the kid on trial
I read that whole article by Robert Steinbeck that anxious a commentary that he wrote and I had a little bit of the audio from this testimony on here
And nobody wants to talk about it. I see that and it's reason is I guess the kids is already proven as point
He's he is guilty
Also this point is that I was going time while looking to you
Before you came on this morning. Yeah, and they did use the
Right I heard that on
The internet right but if you missed some pieces of it the kid didn't know what he was doing
He did say I pulled the trigger
Right and then when they asked him to show how to demonstrate how to go off accidentally he couldn't do it
Exactly, they gave me every chance of that they give me every chance in the world
They put the gun in his hand and how does this thing go off accidentally and he couldn't do it
I don't know I don't know because it can't and it won't
Yeah, I understand all right. You'll have a good day and you too. Thank you
Okay, let's see and reek a rights
This really gets me pissed off on the ballots during the presidential election. There was a session to vote for some new train. Yeah, yeah
Nah, no, no, they were talking about that bullet train. That was just the theoretical
I was just would you like it? Oh, what is this all about? Also, I'm not against the new state and provided it's out of John Henry
Your baseball players pockets. Okay, that's good
I'm a fauna final. I'm a white hulio 31 years old who eats watermelon
Who will you see watermelon? Well, everybody likes watermelon. I don't know anybody who doesn't I just saying that dark folks eat watermelon
What that's part of their signature is you know
After they do the crime they leave the pits and Lee now come on that's bad
Seriously if you do the now a Johnny Cochrane says if you do the crime leave the pits. Oh, I'm like that or spit them out when it doubts
spit them out
And it says I read this on a web today and it pissed me off comes the day after the judge ruled or admit the 911 tapes that referred to wrong way driver on i95
The judge does yet to rule on whether or prevent the following evidence in the trial of David Firol
Damaging comments made to an fhp
Patrolman the night of the crash which includes visual re-creation of the accident
He says what the f were you doing on the wrong side of a well known expressway at that time if you weren't drunk excellent question there and reek a excellent question
You know he went through that sobriety thing and he drank the booze. Oh great see to me that is it's more that's worse that makes it even worse
If you weren't drunk what kind of a sober fhp or any other human being are you driving on the wrong side of your brother road kill that poor schwarzer
In closing he says an offendial brazil and the punky kid that killed a sister during the extreme wrestling practice should be fried
No offense. This is my personal feeling they knew exactly what can they can seriously hurt anyone by their actions and setter and so on
And he says what happened to the cops that cops caught a prostitution ring not much little slap on the wrist and not much no headline no big story because it's not a big deal in this town
Well the guy cussing about a rod and making million one to two hour plays okay. You got it in reek. You got it and by the way
No extra charge five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T line
Yeah, I'm watching
The first thing one two you said a quartet
Are they set
Well they got a one eight two babies next one is one of the cops one eight two
Three oh number one eight yeah come on let's get to occupation associated with cars
He's no good. What's in there?
Was it really any watch? That's a good 18 points
Five yeah, let's go. Come on. Yeah, I did all that lucha. Yeah, but they're gonna round. So they said
Oh
Mechanic
The big helmet on the shore
Yeah, cat's got to be number one
Graduation gear
You said you'd let him want a turtle
Yeah, I guess that wouldn't be bad
Not a lasting gift for what they have
For the excitement. That's what we come on get it over with already 13 points for five grand surveys
29 okay
27 laser dot com the new laser institute located at 4300 less open-park Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale
You two will see why you'll be saying thank you, Dr. Panell
Oh, your play-by-play is great
Yeah
Oh
and
property to a five sixty w.m. twenty
pretty uh... in pivoting you know that chronic uh...
spartan the Bahamas
no that keeps faxing
oh thanks to the last week of the days is just a chronic and he's an idiot
he says the finally someone got a right he was right on a new dismiss the
call about bush in south Florida
about the conspiracy to bush is a mean come on
come on pretty and then another fact from pretty can't control himself
he starts with one a like a spiel out
you know what i mean
and the fax is to
wait here this to show you how i would have the loop pretty is
do you remember ever heard the farting contest was at least forty years ago i
heard
and it goes on to describe it about the announcement is driving contestants
pretty we've been playing that on the show for about the last six hundred
years during the holidays when we have a lot of time to play it for the
so long thing
and we want to play an uninterruptible we got no commercials
we want to be playing that every year for the last six hundred years on
a show for the
so give what it will you are good
and by the way for the
five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty eight the
and for eyes of wireless line
all these things are sensational can you imagine all the great places this
would come in handy
just that like her places we mentioned the other day and that poll on Monday
we took a poll on the most embarrassing place you've ever farted in your life
church was one of them
or graduation at a bible college or like job interview
yeah
yeah like you got somebody else coming in interview for your job and you want
to get it just like put it out of the chair where they're going to be sitting
all i don't think so i just realized i got another appointment
school would be good
maybe put it under a Nathaniel's desk
of course he might not like that
put it under the bed while he's testifying yeah put it under the stand while
Nathaniel's testing he'd be testifying
yeah
judge you call instant recess probably think so yeah
just think of all the nifty and out of car would be good yeah
on the plane under your seat on the plane on a long transatlantic flight
all payback is a bitch bale yeah
in fact the next time i get one of those ass in your face guys in the business
class that wants to bend over and talk to his buddy for a flower and sticking his
ass in your face
while there was big fat dutchman like that one trip back out this
oh
yeah
excellent five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and for risen how about it a wedding would be good
on your honeymoon night
yeah
here's Evan Chira hello yeah how about a funeral now
yeah that would be that would be good
uh... let's not get a good idea of how to show that baseball stadium
yeah if they legalize cock fights and showing between the innings
uh...
you're sure that you're a cock fights in between all the earnings and strip shows
of the good that that would guarantee a third on a serious how
uh... how do you regard uh... mike lang is a hot yeah that's it used to be great
and unfortunately for whatever reason i know he said some contractual problems
with fox you know i you talked about last night's game
well i know i've heard him on a number of occasions and i mean it puts a lot of
still in the center is the body of an in the city stick but mike used to be uh...
one of my very favorites but lately he's uh... really split the few notches and last
night at that was watching i didn't think it was blacked out on a big day on the
small dish
and last night i guess i went into overtime and i have it on a timer
uh... the overtime was on and uh... i'm pretty dismayed with his performance last
two things he still uh... entertaining but not what he used to be
he's not he's he's he's he doesn't seem to be in a way anymore yes
well you're like old wine and he's not okay thanks
okay and by the way mike sends a message for him
i mean he's a good guy mike i like him and he's a friend and i was now somebody will say
oh yeah near roger's rip you know i'm not ripping him i'm just saying he just the last couple
of seasons doesn't seem to be up to his usual brilliant self like that winning goal i played
before by straca last night he almost blew the call and then he's got itty uh...
any old check uh... laughing like a
here got a lot of hockey fans down here don't we?
no no oh boy
a lot of baseball fans no
and with the guy made a good point before the reason there's so many people
of the earth show number one was outdoors number two or no i take that back
number two was outdoors number one was free that's the main reason it's free
go to the beach it was a nice sunny day and you go see a bunch of crap and they put on the show
for him even if you're interested it was free even jokas that was over there why
because he lives over there he said if i said if you lived out by me would you go
under the air show and he said oh chance the way Jose
and i said what about you Jose and he said okay here's Miami hello
hello yes sir hello Neil how you doing good thank you
um... i wanted to comment on a piece uh... done by
Peter Jennings on Monday night uh-huh about genocide in the Congo
in the condos yeah Congo we're we're two militiamen
we're swinging a human jump rope at the edge of a bridge about a hundred foot high
yeah and swung him over the bridge when he landed in the shallow water
he was still alive and the militiamen started shooting at him with uh...
what appeared to be m16 rifle sounds like what we didn't Vietnam dollars civilians
i was incredible uh-huh i thought it was a horrible experience
being used as a human jump rope being tossed over you know a bridge yeah
this this you know something this probably would come handy then too oh jeez
just went over the bridge well hey listen you can't blame him can you i probably
what five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight the
and the and horizon wireless life this is just open up a whole new avenue
if you part of the expression wow these are explosive right as opposed to
the old stale ones that you used to like the stale ones on the on the airplane uh-huh
mixed it with a musty charcoal twenty one till a noon speaking of stale and musty your
carpets maybe just like that if you haven't had them clean recently if you'd like
to get them smelling just like brand new i mean lemony fresh and looking like new
dry concepts of the folks who can do it they're miracle workers this is about the only miracle
i believe in the world and that's dry concepts because i've had them in my home for about
twenty years now every year they come in and clean my schmutzy marjoral looking carpets
and make them look just like i had brand new carpeting laid on the floor and of course after
the wild they're doing the cleaning they apply disinfected and no extra charge and that's why
when they finish your carpets do smell like a mahalemony fresh and they give you written guaranteed
price right up front before they touch a thing before they start doing the job here's what it's
going to cost you no ripoffs no tack on the stupendent fifty in Toronto anybody here know what that
is no wait to hear this sixty four jailed as mommy did cops break up a cock fighting ring
oh i'm sorry break up a f***ing writing ring police rated a cock fighting ring operated in
sparsely populated northwest mommy did county confiscating eighteen roosters twenty three thousand
dollars and resting sixty four people what are they going to do with all those cocks one man
with charge with operating illegal cock fights if felony to others were charged with felony cocaine
possession and cocaine oh no not only the operating cock fights but they're
don't in blowin too and sixty others were charged with taking part in illegal cock fighting
and misdemeanor according to a release issued by the mommy date police department the cops were
confiscated by the american society for the prevention of cruelty animals police said a list of
the names arrested monday's rate was not immediately available for release detective in us a cook
said today how do you know that's Saturday night the cock fights on the appropriate to us don't
it do we have that in here yes haven't played that in a cool video huh stop it on it's a
big thing I see we don't know see they're going to get upset just like the blacks with the water
I sure hope not we make one of them too oh yeah how about watermelon
that's right but don't know it's around new here they all talk I'll tell you where I'm gonna go
isn't it my any heavy low rider truck to join the other whoolio I have pages in the back
where I carry my cock you can hear a guy like you do
and if my kill one or kill them all depends on it I win or lose
when your sublipin and latches then barbaric is the way to be
well there's for him well and low and whoolio
whose cock's love pretty good
here's the arena you can see the pectorino rules growing stiff as a block of walls
we use cock fighting as an elephant to cover what we do inside
oh
behind the curtain all the macho guys are giving a wink to his bannock brown eyes
when your sublipin are rich and latches then barbaric is the way he to be
well
what
great
when your sublipin are rich and latches then barbaric is the way to be
I know exactly where they had to wait because I've driven on the palm metal to drive right
by there and you know I haven't ever seen the billboard it's one of the factions put all of
us as you can't beat our swords I've seen that
it's 13 to 1 at 5 60 QM here's a
a fact that says you think there's any correlation between bush and chainy taking office
and the price of gas possibly reaching two to a three dollars a gallon yeah of course
is there any correlation my god if I ask and this is there a correlation between the fact
you're getting the soaked in its pouring rain outside you know standing there with your thing on
secondly there's nothing that picks me off more than these ignorant jocs pointing
to the sky upon catching a football during a basketball or a or ducking a basketball even taking
the crap yeah pointing to the sky absolutely correct but I commend the hockey players or two
professionals and the difference between the sporting event a place of worship correct
and as far as mining being a sports town question mark with you right to see being a ball
being hit or a beach full of bikinis there you go that's what it's fun it's fun and fun do they
have majorly sports in Hawaii no that majorly sports in Vegas no no see this is a
myth this is a myth not that this would be majorly done any other respect anyway but just assuming
it might be yeah politics are corrupt to transportation sucks but just assuming that in all of
the respects we were major league which we're not well why do you have to have professional sports
what the dolphins were plenty for all of those other years why do we have to have more than that
but what's the point doesn't make the more people come here because we have that no no wait tourists
go no coming to see ball games and i'm not talking about snowbirds who are here anyway there are
captive audience whatever is here that's what they'll do i'm talking about tourists tourists come
here for the sun and for uh to get skin cancer stuff like that see naked bodies on the beach now
we're talking yeah very good point excellent facts 170 seven votes on our marginal pool of
points today which I get apologized for but we had to keep that simple because Eric is in the
eating friends you today and they ran out of food in Orlando huh oh sir if they interfere that
that's why he you know he made up that story about coming down here for the seminar i don't believe
that for a second they ran out of food is steak and shake crystal yeah all of those places
and that's why he had to come down here right in the middle of the week so Eric is out there
in the middle of a feeding friends he's probably passed out surrounded by chicken bone somewhere in
his car so you have to excuse him so we had to make a very simple poke wasn't that it so we could
get it up do you think most Americans take responsibility for their own actions yes 32 no 145
that's the correct answer no otherwise thinking of food yeah how come nobody's called about where
the closest sonic is to us yeah George made a good point about sonic and I think we've had calls
about them before I think when we're talking about chocolate malts yeah it was great which I'm not
having no chocolate malt because although the last couple days are finally see I don't want to get
nothing about the weight again but we just start taking diuretics you only fooling yourself because
you're peeing out because no matter what you say water is 75% of your body of your weight
so you can fool yourself by like you know peeing up a store by taking diuretics with your very bad
for your kidneys I should point out and then you get on the scale hey look at that and of course
you don't have as much time to eat anyway because you're busy peeing all day I like yes in
Erick's case he could probably you know you could have a sandwich in one hand and
the other if you could find it the sandwich that is Eric here's my
in the hood I'm getting real good on that you know about a half a half a beat here's a mobile in
western hello hello deal yes sir hey how you doing today pretty good great hey about on those same
lines as that Robert Steinbeck I saw an article on slunday about him about those
concerts that shot the young black man up on the roof right there's no witnesses or anything
at the end of his article he got up there and he said well and now for all you young black people
you know what a police officer says stop stop you know put your arms in the position that they
ask you to and everything yeah that's all good and welfare is advice but the thing I always
thought was these people don't read the paper well maybe you're not a maybe you're not a
reading tone but they don't read how do you know that they don't know black people read the paper
how I grew up around the overcommon area yeah they don't know white man who grew up in a bad part
of time uh-huh and most of the people never picked up a paper what are you better go go back and
start reading it to them okay I'll use parts is out there when it cops us freeze put your hands
up in here freeze and put your hands up in here excellent points sir very good and by the way
five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
I got news for a sir most of the white people don't read either you'd be appalled to find out
when's the last time most of you write a book huh and I'll come in here and read newspaper articles
and the only reason I do it is because I know that ninety nine and nine tenths percent of the audience
never read it anyway like your Robert Steinback piece this morning oh and I did see the white you
were gone I saw the thing on MSNBC the way answer will cause the search for Satan did you see
ever see that it's pretty good no because it really rips the hell out of organized religion and talks
about you know some interesting stuff like the magi and the fact that they were in all this
hocus focus and demons and stuff and there were the ones who went to visit the baby Jesus in
Vettelham and the last read priests and the fact that during those days there were it was a very
first battle for the for the faith of the populist out there for the dummies and there were hundreds
of competing religions so why not make up a good one and then anybody didn't want to buy it
well you made him an offer and refuse yeah and they had a lot of stuff in there about the accursades
in the inquisition and all of these things it was pretty interesting I'm sure the church didn't
like it too much of course they had the Catholic priest on there saying oh yes there is a devil
and if you deny him and yada yada yada and on Friday if you would have only been here Friday
if ever a place needed an exorcism this place needed on Friday exactly oh wait a minute
Christ can tell you the power of Christ can tell you the power of Christ can tell you
the power of Christ can tell you the power of Christ can tell you
the power of Christ can tell you the strength that tell you it is not to worry the power of Christ Spler general
okay very good everything ought to be clear now
Coses clear air is not too good to the coast is clear
5 6 7 0 5. Oh the coast is clear over there better tell Bob and Sherlock when you stop by and see
After you're thinking of the shell station or before it at the coast. I'll stay and see me no audience
I'm way home there. They they blown off the audience somebody was telling me that they really sound like crap
I think it was Johnny dark 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir
You know, I was listening on the radio. They were playing some of the testimony from the in a vano Brazil trial
Yes, and I don't know why they say that he's testifying because he's not even talking. It's the Lord doing all the talking
He just hits there telling the kid. Okay now you had the safety on right and the kid goes yeah, yeah, you didn't mean to kill anybody right?
Yeah, and and you know that it's bad you
He has a high-top plenty of it this morning. He talked plenty talked enough to show his true colors
Before what they were from what I heard it was like the Lord was putting the words about the kid was just innocent
Yeah, no, yeah, no, yeah, yeah, yeah, well that that's that's the way jury trials work
Well, most of the questions they just wanted yesterday answer every ever seen perimation for quite an hour
Live just the yesterday no
What did you think of his testimony? Did you think he I think I think I think his credibility on a scale of zero is minus 400
And they did they're doing the poll on the court TV
How many of you believe his testimony was 85% no and 15% yes
And I'm good for him. No, well do you believe him?
No, of course everybody knows he meant to do it. Well, there you go
It's ridiculous and I'll ask one more time how come we're still out here and more about the dead teacher
Who was a family man and dedicated teacher and a young guy how come we're not here and more about him
They keep talking about wasting a life. There's a life that we wasted. He's not coming back
And that's the problem with prosecuting Mr. juvenile if he was found guilty of the juvenile at 18
We have to let him go. Isn't that nice? You know, what what kind of sentence is that he's gonna go to jail for six years
Yeah, then the next time he gets pissed off for somebody steals his tuba or whatever
You know he throws another water balloon and then go out and blow somebody else away
I say put him away and let's protect the innocent people and in closing
Have you noticed how the calls have gotten better since George came back?
Okay, okay, they have wow
I really can't tell do I remember calls from one day to the next no
Yeah, Georgia tracks the great colors
Well, you do it just that we haven't they haven't gotten in yet
It's only been 25 years. We're still waiting for the good colors to start coming in. Uh-huh. You just mark my words
I'm telling you got to take 20 30,000 calls then you get a couple of good ones
He was okay. It was but in fact they have been okay today so far
Not as good as Eddie not that good, but they've been okay
560 505 60 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless lime. What are we gonna do about Hank?
Well, he really let me down here. I must have been a tough week in Louisville
You know anybody has to spend them any days in Louisville probably is a little bit off their feet anyway
But he's that sounded to me like he was really waffling and what are we gonna do and how are we gonna build him a bomb?
Wait, then nobody's gonna go it doesn't make it even. It's where you put it
What it looks like what they're doing in there unless it's strippers or something nobody's gonna go fat. So it's not gonna happen
He likes baseball. I like hockey and this town and the support either one of them
We both support Pompo no Parc though because it's a fun place to go because they're not asking for you to build them a place
That's right
We got Simon Casting going on right now Milford Highlights and action as we speak for your harness racing
Three minutes till post-time on a clock on a cello 8 minutes till 105 post-time
Flambo from Ontario 3 o'clock nobody ever called and told me where flambo downses
Harrington Raceway 545 for Thurberaids from Hollywood and Bay metal at 6 North field from Cleveland and the Sion of Downs at
705 Daniel Highlights and 15 Windsor 720. How's Marty Adler doing?
Metal Land 730 Calispo way 35 Maywood from Chicago 840 lots of Chicago races
Don't bet on them watch him and of course live racing tonight and every Wednesday night Wednesday Friday and Saturday
Post-time 735 and you got your great buffet on a fourth floor dining room in Pompo no Parc you got
