Why don't you know who?
I know who know who!
Really don't go down there!
No home is either go alone!
Get your lazy look!
They're giving away free us in H Green cards!
Can I have one?
We'll see if I can get this one.
I thought that was like a rescue mission when they...
Raid?
Raid!
Look out!
That's all you need to do is a can of Raid.
So, you know, now that I look back on it,
see the first thing I thought was what a waste of time,
because it was much to do about nothing
you can do about it.
Which is what I said, wasn't it much to do about nothing?
Yeah, but it sure was a lot of fun, wasn't it?
See, now some people would say,
oh you're wrong about that!
Look how divisive it was!
Well, what's to be divisive here?
Did it change anything?
Didn't the people hate each other here the same before it happened?
Okay, yeah.
Sure.
It's not any different than it was before after.
They hate each other, the Cubans, the Anglos, the Schwarzes,
and the Jamaicans and all of these things.
But at least it was some fun.
No, seriously, at least there was some adrenaline flowing here.
There was almost a pulse.
No, but it was very embarrassing.
Hey, embarrassing, how about the election?
We're used to that.
You know, that goes with the territory.
We live in South Florida, embarrassment is our mental name.
Look at us, we work at QAM,
and nothing can embarrass us.
Even Todd Dreck, our sales guy, just in here.
But look, we got certifiably crazy people in this building.
We really do.
I keep accusing them of being on drugs.
They don't need any drugs. They're just crazy people.
So let's talk about alien today.
What do you say?
No.
Now come on.
How's that pull from yesterday before we talk about, well,
the most important thing, of course, the NFL draft.
Seriously, if there's any form speaking of mental illness,
the NFL draft is the epitome of it.
And I was just thinking during the open for the show.
Did we have an open?
No.
During what was supposed to be the open for the show,
I was just thinking, usually I tie my vacation
so that during the NFL draft, I'm not here.
Middle of April?
This year, I blew it.
So to speak.
And I'm here for the thing that I detest the most.
And that is not to draft itself, but the sickness that aroses.
We were saying that back at IOD,
it was obnoxious, disgusting.
We used to bitch about the fact that they went nuts over it
and wasted much too much time and energy
and a big song in advance.
That was child's play compared to here,
at your sports nerd station.
So we'll even do a poll on the NFL draft to see how much interest
and people are out there.
I know it sure makes for a very, very interesting conversation
on our sports shows here.
Not.
Wow.
I mean, you talk about diving for that radio doll.
Well, what do you think about that kid from P.O.A.?
You think they're going to start taking him in the 84th round?
Or what?
You think that bearers might have an interest?
How about that pill for me yesterday?
If they televised Timothy McVase's execution
on the internet, will you watch?
Oh, it's picking up the internet.
The reason we keep losing our internet connection every day
here, according to Bob Vermuth,
is that too many people inside the building here
who aren't supposed to be dicking with it,
are dicking with it, and the internet too.
And when too many people get on there,
they overload it and then it crafts out
and then nobody's got it.
So those of us on the year, we lose it.
So if we lose it again today, our internet connection,
we're going to know who to start pointing fingers at,
like Mark Eisenberg.
Okay? I'm sure he's responsible for it.
And Stu Gotts, yeah.
And once they put him behind bars,
you won't have anybody else to buy drugs from you.
Stu Gotts, he's on the list.
So here's that poll question from yesterday.
If they televised Timothy McVase's execution on the internet,
will you watch probably not 259?
Probably not.
But it's interesting how much they left the door open
about like six feet they left at a jar.
Probably not.
Absolutely not. It's 6203.
Yes, 197.
And absolutely, I'd love it, 193.
Out of 852 votes.
Kind of a mixed bag, you know.
A lot of liars in there.
I wouldn't watch it.
And I realized that yesterday made a bad...
Not made a bad mistake, it's just that I pissed off a lot of people,
which is fine with me.
All of a sudden, these against Capitol Punishment again.
Too bad. Too freaking bad.
Bleeding heart, liberal.
Yeah, bleeding heart, liberal.
Well, everyone wants to...
Once a twice a year, I have to be a bleeding heart, liberal again.
Makes me feel like a real man, almost.
See, if somebody comes and burns your house down,
the way you get even is you go and burn his house down.
Yeah.
If somebody kills your kid...
If somebody kills your kid, you go and kill his kid.
I mean, that's the logic that the Capitol Punishment people use.
It makes them feel better.
That's it.
Yeah, it makes you feel better,
because we have a lot of pent-up.
Just like they were saying they have a lot of pent-up selling in the market today,
which is why it's going to go down today.
What a great expression that is.
Let's see, do we have to retest the lows?
We have a lot of pent-up selling.
Is this just a bull...
A bunch of bush mitties, is it a bull rally, a bear rally?
You know, it's all crap.
And talking about the pack mentality.
When they show the people in the pit,
in the Chicago equity traders there,
and they're all screaming,
you see that thing.
And then you stop and think that it's our money.
That's like hinging on all of this insanity.
All of these crazy people,
waving and flailing their arms around,
and looking like they all have same-fight as dance.
And then they come on here,
and they try to like intellectualize it.
Like somebody I know used to say,
intellectualized Las Vegas.
Hey, but that's the way it goes.
That's the real world.
Don't get all bent out of shape about it.
We're going to take a poll about the NFL draft today,
to see if it's just the two of us
who are a little bit put off by this crap,
underlying the word crap.
But I mean, but I mean, but I mean, but I mean, but I mean.
Never has so much.
And you talk about narrow-casting.
I'm sure that you couldn't fill a goddamn phone booth
with a number of people who are really into it.
But don't convince the sports nerds of that
because they really believe that this is heavy-duty stuff
that any real people ought to be very much into.
Speaking of real people,
did we ever get any call about the show passions yesterday?
No.
No.
Got that one facts from that pussy up if she wouldn't call it.
I watched a little bit of it.
Did you really?
Apparently I had seen snippets of it before,
but it never snipped it.
Yeah.
Registered.
I saw the the midget that turns into the middle lady.
I saw the midget.
Timmy wants to know what's going on here.
Timmy doesn't understand.
He talks in the third person all the time.
Ah.
Which I guess if you were talking about,
you might do the same thing too.
And the house was crashing and caving in.
Now do you see the evil Gremlin thing?
No.
That had the two kids one on each hand?
You'd like that?
No.
You'd like to hear just like I like Miguel there.
Who's got all his clothes off?
Well, I guess if you're going to go into hell,
you might as well take your clothes off.
It's going to be pretty goddamn hot.
And they are.
So we didn't get any calls about that
because we got a bunch of dead heads out there
basically is what I've decided.
There's got to be somebody in this audience
who watches passions.
I think that would be from two to three o'clock.
It's a lot more fun hearing about the draft.
I guarantee you that.
By the way, I think that's a great idea for a soap opera.
What?
Since it's totally unbelievable anyway.
That's right.
Why not make it ridiculous?
It really talks the way the normal people talk.
It's fun.
Sure.
Certain TV is supposed to be escaped
like this reality-based.
First of all, reality-based TV isn't reality-based.
It's all fake in a bunch of crap anyway.
And it's not who wants reality anyway.
We watch television to get away from reality.
We want fun.
And the passions is fun.
Fight for it.
He's got his own boogie.
That's what.
Well, probably what you want.
What you want.
Get it, don't let me tell me more.
Get it.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
Get it, don't let me tell you more.
I was asking about it, no seriously.
That's all over with.
There's no longer two-way communication we're doing.
The other day we had three shows going on at the same time.
The other day we had three shows going on at the same time.
Not at all, or if I hear the word draft again, I'll puke.
Those are your four choices.
How interested are you in the NFL draft?
A lot, somewhat, not at all, or if I hear the word draft again, I'll puke.
Or should we say I'll puke my guts out.
I guess just I'll puke.
We don't want to make it too graphic on the internet.
I was a little chilling out there.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yo, dog, we're off.
Yeah?
Hey, I want to ask you a question, you know.
Oh, another fake voice.
Another asshole.
Oh, it's asshole Thursday and Friday this week, right?
Yeah.
See, like I said, that's where the Ilion thing was so good, because day after day after day,
the phones were smoking.
We never had to give the numbers out.
And even though it was absolutely pointless, and the mob mentality was never more evident
than it was back in those days, it was a lot of fun.
If you just took it for what it was, people being assholes and getting all whipped
above making a mountain out of a molehill.
So I can see we're going to have part two for me yesterday all over again, aren't we?
Sure, why not? Go for it.
Here's a mobile in Papano. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
Yes?
That dummy waited 10 minutes just to say one word.
Yeah.
And what do you got?
That's exactly what he is, what he said he was.
Yeah.
Hi!
Yeah.
Waiting for part two, that was the end of it.
That was his material.
Here's Fort Myers, hello.
Fort Myers.
Mobile implantation, hello.
Mobile implantation, is this phone working or not?
Hello, hey.
Okay.
560-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Just when you think you've got your thumb on it, this pound is astonishing.
Just out of nowhere, wasn't I talking about this before the show today?
Just out of nowhere.
Not for any particular reason, just limbo limbo limbo limbo, there you go.
That's your material.
Lady Mobile in Miami, hello.
Hey.
Yes, ma'am.
I would just like to say that I vote number four on the survey.
If I hear the word draft on this station anymore, I will choose.
Uh-huh.
Thank you.
They would say that's because your woman though, they'd say that all real men,
that's all they care about is the NFL draft, that every real man is obsessed with us.
Unfortunately, I've called in a few times to Hammer Chefs.
And it's amazing that if a woman who does something about sports falls in,
I think when he gets them off the air.
Uh-huh.
Because we don't, I really want to talk about the gambling aspect,
but the real force aspect.
Yeah, you don't hear too many women calling, asking for the point spread on the Valparaiso Villanova game.
It's careless.
And for us, we have to turn them off because they just, the draft thing,
and the only thing worse than the NFL draft is the NBA draft.
Okay, have a great day, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Check up.
Uh-huh.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Uh-huh.
You know what?
I went to Valparaiso.
You just mentioned Valparaiso.
Uh-huh.
So sorry.
How about you?
Me too.
Trust me.
Listen, I've got to tell you, you are just about the, uh, the only glimmer of hope here in this town.
And the only bright light I have throughout the day when I'm on the road.
Yeah.
And I could give a rat ass about the draft.
Mm-hmm.
I care less about the draft.
I'm so sick of, uh, you know, the sports on TV and the antics.
With these guys, I could care less about it.
And, uh, you know, I'll be voting on your poll early in office.
Okay.
All right.
Have a good week.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Thank you.
By the way, Hammers in New York today talking about the draft.
That's right.
Why do you think he's in New York?
The draft is tomorrow, baby.
You better get with it, mister.
You better get on the, uh, uh, uh, thing on a miracle round.
God damn it.
And reach out for that grass, uh, that brass thing.
5, 6, 7, 05.
I'm gonna, I got all this other stuff over here.
I'm setting it aside.
There's a great article I would recommend that you read in the op-ed page in the
hero of the day, though.
I'm not going to talk about it because obviously it would be wasted time.
Presidential arsenic.
By Robert Reno who writes for News Day on Long Island.
Robert Reno, Presidential arsenic.
And for all you people that wrote it and voted for Ralph Nader.
That's for you.
Okay.
Yeah.
We got to protect the arsenic people.
And all the other people who want to destroy the environment.
And if you're bitching about how much it costs for gas now,
just wait till the summertime when we really get into the holiday season and the travel season.
You wanted a book?
You got them, baby.
Here's for a lottery deal.
Hello.
Hey, yeah.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Okay.
Came all the way.
I'm glad he got back from the back of the room for that.
You know, wasn't a very good one.
I always just kind of like a, yeah, like that.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Do you see what I mean about the mob mentality, the pack mentality?
I started with one asshole yesterday and now the whole audience have turned into a bunch of assholes.
Which is fine.
Mobile in high a lia.
Hello.
Hey, Bobito, what's happening?
Yeah.
Let me tell you, man, I set it up to the graph with the graph.
Yeah.
I heard people say.
Here's, here's Key Largo.
Hello.
Hey, hey.
George is looking around like, what, what, what, what, what did he mess?
No, you're not, you're in the middle of it.
You didn't mess it.
You're in the middle of it.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to go outside and look at the data.
What's happening?
How are you doing?
Good.
I thought you're, uh, many honest special on HBO yesterday.
Uh-huh.
Well, we're not going to talk about that again.
Believe me, the, the yesterday was a point.
We're going to go out to Guy San, Chazam or whatever.
Yes, you're there.
Yeah, Chazam, yeah.
Yeah, I want a bunch of BS.
Uh-huh.
The only draft that I can handle at this point is a cold draft beer.
Okay.
5607-0560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Mobile in Pompano, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know that buzzer that calls you yesterday that was bragging on the public transportation
to rail system in Atlanta, Georgia?
You know that, that system is called Marder.
M-A-R-T-A.
The guy that called yesterday was telling me about the great public transportation in Atlanta.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And the name of that system is Marder.
Yeah.
M-A-R-T-A.
You just said that, yeah.
Yeah, you don't want that stands for?
What is that?
Moving African Americans.
Okay, great.
5607-0560, moving right next to Aintry, is I think what it stands for?
And that what stands for?
Uh-huh.
Moving Yahoo's into the tree.
Wow.
Well, you think that, uh, here's Bokeh, hello.
Hey, Neil.
You my wife are planning a trip to the Northwest.
And I was wondering if we should waste our time in Vancouver or not.
What do you mean by that?
I don't know.
It seems expensive, isn't it worth it?
I don't know, because I've never been there, so I couldn't begin to tell you.
Oh, I thought you were Mr. Canada.
No.
By the way, I'm slightly offended by your use of the word deadhead to describe the walking zombies around here.
So I guess I'm a fan of the Grape of Dead.
Oh, like I said, deadheads.
Yeah.
Have a good time.
Have a good time in the BC.
And don't smoke too much weed.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
I was wondering if you had seen that special on MSNBT about the airlines.
Which one?
It was on for two hours on Sunday, actually.
Well, they show those shows over and over again, eight million times.
Everything they got on here.
What was I about?
I had never seen it before, and it was quite enlightening as to how the airlines get rid of the bunch of crap.
Yeah.
So, I know that you always complain about the crap.
Such as?
So, crap such as?
Well, the fact that they serve really bad foods, some of them don't even serve food at all.
Oh, boy.
Well, I'm not planning again.
That does it for me.
Thank you.
Okay, you hear that George?
The airlines are serving bad food, and some of them don't serve any food at all.
Because you see, I want to tell you something.
When I want a good meal, you know what I do?
I go right to the airport.
I say, give me a ticket to...
Yeah, anywhere.
Just give me on a plane.
Because when I get on a plane, I want a manja manja manja, baby.
That's where it's at.
As far as I'm concerned, if they didn't serve any food at all, probably would be a big service.
You want to know why?
Because once they serve the meal, if you're smart, let me just give you a little tip.
Doing a lot of flying like I do.
If you're smart and you got nature is calling, whether or no matter which one it is,
or it's correct.
Yeah, whatever nature is calling you to do, do it while everybody else is eating.
Yeah.
Then you don't have to worry.
Because then the tea rooms up there, they're all nice and free.
You don't have to worry about doing the green apple quick step,
and dancing from one toe back to the other, waiting for everybody to clear out.
In addition to which, if there's a lot of people aren't eating on the plane,
yeah, you don't have to worry about all those great aromas.
It's already the ear on the plane is already suffocating to begin with, and full of disease.
And if people aren't eating men, they're probably not doing as much of that as they might otherwise be doing,
especially eating that bad food.
That should be my biggest complaint about the airlines is the food.
I don't get on a plane to eat.
And like I said, in fact, most of the time I'll pass.
Aren't you waiting? No thanks.
No thank you.
And I know it's revolutionary, but in all the airports, most airports say like fast food joints, things like that.
Maybe just before we get on the plane, maybe like you'd get you a sandwich or something like that.
You know, and just stuff it in your sack.
Yeah, and even get you like one or two cans of soda.
That's why I used to cook a can of soda in my little satchel.
So I don't have to worry about how soon they're going to come around or when they're going to come around.
I got my own crap. Just stay the hell away from me.
Just get me from point A to point B. Do it relatively like on time without two men, you know, don't get me killed.
That's all I want. That's all I ask.
So you people out there and I just love the ones.
Oh, I got this special.
That's fucking ACF.
He has no white talk religion because he is a packet and he is not a preserve of our thinking.
First, you would just take a cover field and a 20-year-old fire.
What? What? He's a cunning tank.
I don't know, David. How about you eat a baloney sandwich while standing on your head?
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, too much fat and baloney.
I'm a fat and baloney.
All right, all right. How about this?
You put a rubber hose up your nose and you drink a chocolate look.
No, no, no, no, the chocolate gives me pimple.
Oh, it gives me pimple.
All right, all right, all right, I just keep doing what we can do this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Go down, down, down.
You have sex with a woman.
No, no, no, they gross me out.
Ooh, ooh, who do you do?
David cover field. What's coming next?
Not me.
Me either 1032 or 560 WQM Happy Friday to you.
All you crazy nuts out there.
567 O560.
36 votes on this already.
How interested are you in the NFL draft?
If I hear that we're draft again, I'll puke say 15.
A lot, 10, somewhat 9, not at all, 2.
Not at all.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
A lot of Neil.
Yes?
I'm worried about catching a draft.
Yeah.
I'm making a poopy.
Here's a Miami lake, so.
Here's a call in Bokeh, hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Great.
A lot of sick people out there.
Yeah.
Hey, your Iliang Gonzalez Segway this morning is right on my subject there.
The teacher that was killed last year in Lake Worth,
the trial goes on next week.
Yeah.
And did you hear about what the attorney is saying his defenses?
What, too much Iliang on TV?
No.
The little schwaata saw the picture of the FBI guy with the gun pointing at Iliang.
Yeah.
And his finger was on the side of the trigger.
So the attorney's finger on that.
He saw the picture and he said that his finger was on the front, the gun,
and he accidentally shot the teacher because he saw the FBI agent with his finger on the side of the rifle.
So Joyce and Shoei, it's a good lesson for all you people out there.
Watch where you stick your finger.
Yeah, it's, uh, I, well, this is an all-time low for attorney.
Okay.
Ellis Rubin would be proud.
Thank you.
560560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
How's Ronnie Zemore doing?
Anybody seen him this week?
No.
He's doing okay.
Mobile in four, Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
How are you today?
I'm doing well.
Well, Neil, I'm going out of town this week and I'm glad to say I'm going to take your advice
and bring a big sack with me onto the plane.
And, uh, passions.
I heard you and George talking about that.
Yeah, George is a waltz.
Well, George is kind of putting it to that.
Is that the one with the midget and the drag and everything?
Oh, that's, that's great show.
It's bizarre.
I agree with you in the beginning.
You think, oh, my God, this is for idiots, but then you get, uh, you get sucked into it because it's, uh, it's bizarre.
That's wrong with the rubber.
Yeah.
That's their supposed to be like, right?
And, uh, screw the draft and that's all I have.
Okay.
Thank you.
5607, 0560.
See, this is proof of what I said in the beginning and the alien stuff was great.
Great for talk radio.
And then do a damn bit of harm to the community because the community hated the, they all hated each other just as much before.
And they always willed and make a damn bit of difference.
And, uh, just, just another stupid cliche that the goody twoshoes, oh, well, it's very divisive and very disd- uh, bull crap.
You can't do anything destructive in this community.
It's too late.
It's already a madhouse.
Exactly.
And if you don't believe me, just keep listening.
5607, 0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Anybody want to admit that the early on thing was much into about nothing.
Anybody want to admit that?
No.
Because that would mean that I was right and they were wrong.
And I'm talking about them.
We said that all along.
Here's the mobile in South Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Check blue airlines.
Yeah.
Have you heard of them?
What is this?
Check blue.
Check blue.
They're awesome.
They're out of New York.
You can do some flights into Polaradale.
Yeah.
And somebody mentioned that once before.
They have, you know, you get your, you know, your private, uh, a dish up to 40 channels and your seat.
Smilingly people, awesome food, and very, very inexpensive.
And where do they fly?
Uh, they fly to Polaradale.
They pretty much do the East Coast and Canada.
Really?
Yeah, awesome, awesome.
Yeah.
My friend and I, we fly it all the time.
As a matter of fact, he wants to say hello.
You hold on a second, Neil.
Yeah.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is the Cuban Barry White.
Yeah.
I just want to say one thing.
Big back.
Black.
I heard people say, so much of anything is not good for you, baby.
How do we know?
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T.
And you thought the draft was exciting, huh?
Forget about that.
61 votes already on this.
Lot of emotion about this one.
I'll tell you how interested are you in the NFL draft?
If I hear the word draft again, I'll puke.
27, somewhat 16, a lot 12 and not at all six.
And boy, we're going to be draft intensive on this station this weekend.
Oh, man.
In fact, just when you tune in five, 60, you'll be getting a draft.
Better bundle up.
Get that trench coat from Tom Feeder.
Here's a mobile in Pemberer Pines.
Hello.
What was it?
Hello, what was it?
Hello.
How was it caught underwater?
Maybe he'll write it in a jock who's stowed on there.
As you got it, it's all a city team to win.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T.
You played one of those in one.
And Sanity Lime Lime working on it right now.
This is five, 60, QAL.
Juice in his cruise behavior.
As we enter the SEVIGARZORC, I know this dot feel it.
As we move his wet suit and slip into a poor vacative soup teddy
with matching French cup and this.
I am a guest.
By the entire crew of the Capricot saw, I suddenly changed into a picabou lingerie
and push up her ears.
Come this, the season premier.
Of the underwear world.
Of Jean-Couffteau, the sea is a strange mistress.
And so is my first mate Jean-Claude.
And Jean-Claude.
Tonight on PBS.
Party.
Yeah, 17 before 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
Like I said, Hank is in New York for the big draft show today.
Anybody going to be interested in that?
Yeah, last night.
So I said, well, that proves we need new stadium.
He looks at me and says, oh, I don't think that's the answer.
Like I was being serious.
This is, yeah.
This is what you're dealing with here.
Yeah.
It sounds good on the radio.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, man.
And baseball, even though we're losing our ass, I'm all on baseball.
It sounds good on the radio.
I said, so does Monovani.
How about if we play Monovani for four hours?
And you know what he said?
Party.
Yeah, yeah, that's what he said.
Time's wreck.
Here's Coral Gables. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
I saw that show, passionate song.
I don't, I don't see what, why would you find appealing about it?
I mean, just maybe you just show that you're tasting music and TV.
You're moving, fuck.
Yeah. And Collar and Collar's too, yeah.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
It's called Take a Cheap Shot of the Host Day because this week we don't like him for whatever reason, okay?
You're going to be real sorry when I'm gone.
When I'm over there living the life of Riley and Amsterdam.
You're going to say, oh gee, whatever happened to that fat fat figure that we used to have since a good time listening to.
Yeah, you're going to be real sorry.
But you just keep banging away and banging away because like I've told you so many times before,
that's what this town does the best.
They destroy whatever they like.
They destroy it.
They butcher it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Yeah, the near-wide your show is all we got inside Florida.
So let's dick around with it.
Let's screw it up.
Let's go on the attack.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is it true you don't want the fat draft of your bag?
Yeah.
Your only fags don't want the draft.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Uncle Neil, yeah.
Mobile in Miami Lakes, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I just want to know, you remember your first.
A bigger pardon?
Do you remember your first?
Yeah, my first to chuck the milkshake, yeah.
Was delicious.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Is there anybody out there with a brain?
No.
With an IQ larger than a single digit.
No.
No.
We're searching, baby.
The search party is on.
Mobile in Kendall, hello.
What a cacophony of losers.
My God.
Two days in a row now.
How you doing, Neil?
We're on a roll.
I'm doing okay.
All right, listen.
I want to have a touch on a few subjects.
Subject number one.
You'll never find a more die-hard football fan than me.
But I just don't get this romance with the drop.
You know, unless your team has the first pick, it's all over.
Beyond that, it's ponderous.
Right.
Thing number two.
And once you get down to the 89th pick in the 54th round,
I mean, what the hell does this amazing?
I just can't understand how you can watch, you know,
how you can dedicate your entire weekend to watching that on TV.
When, you know, when they're picking guys from Arkansas,
pinealwood, you know.
Yeah, to me, I feel like a formal mental illness.
I just don't get it.
I think number two.
Stake and Shake's Fire Report.
Yes, sir.
And one five two having you, it's going up.
All right.
And, uh...
Yeah, that's why I said my first chocolate milkshake.
And that's what the guy was asking me for.
It's stake and shake was the best.
Yeah, thing number three.
Uh...
35-year-old Julio.
And you're right on about the alien thing.
We all hated each other before, and we still hate each other now.
Right.
And it was a lot of fun, though, wasn't it?
Yes, it was.
Okay, see ya.
And look at all the great comedy bits.
I should play them all today.
All the alien stuff.
Uh-huh, sure.
Sure better than talking to these losers.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
See, this is the epitome of America.
This is what I love the best about America.
Fag, fag, fag, mackron, fag, fag.
I mean, 24 years later.
And it's still like a weapon.
Like a weapon.
That's all they got.
And you want to know why?
Because most of you are losers.
Because most of you haven't got a goddamn thing going in your life.
And so, hating fags.
Yeah, and plus, I'm self-hating in the closet, right?
Because what's it to you otherwise?
Yeah, why do I want anybody to care?
But no, this year missing the point.
That's the weapon.
They have to have something to attack you with.
And since they have nothing else,
since they're not driving to Corvettes,
and since they're not pulling down big money,
and since they don't have a house in Amsterdam,
and whatever else.
Fag, fag, fag.
Yeah.
And...
And...
And that's it.
That's a middling of their material.
Let's do a repertoire.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Leo?
Okay.
You know what?
The reason I love your show.
Yeah.
You'll call it sometimes.
Say the most idiotic things.
And you turn around and make them look like such idiots who
are what they said.
Yeah.
I don't know where Barry White came from.
Back guy with a clown.
Anyway, I wanted to read it.
He was either auditioning, eh?
These people, I told George you were going to break these people
today, I think they were auditioning for something.
Back guy was out there.
I want to read it.
We'll read your list instead of that.
Jackaloo, that might be one of the best things you have in South Florida.
Period.
Yeah.
It's that good.
That's probably what says a secret.
I don't know why it is.
It's cheap.
You get your own television right in front of you.
Yeah.
And it goes from four lower there right into JFK.
A great thing.
How you like it?
Can I have something, Leo?
Yes, sir.
I've been out of town for a while.
How the devil's doing?
I beg your pardon?
How do we judge the devil's doing?
How are they doing?
They're up three games to run against Caroline.
It'll be over at the night.
Next game.
I wasn't coming to the lab two weeks though.
I didn't get a chance to see.
But I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
Leo, I'm glad to hear that.
Okay.
56670560, he had a lot of hockey talk to about Edmonton down to nothing the third.
They make a big comeback, take a three to two lead.
They blow it late and then that old Kirk Mewler scored an overtime.
What a shame.
Same with the sharks in the blues.
Sharks, the head two to one, they blow it late in the game, losing overtime again.
But nothing's perfect.
Same with the Sabers.
But it had some pretty damn good games this year.
Nobody's talking about it though, because we're talking about the drab.
See, real man, they're not hockey fans.
They're into the drab.
How's that 12 year old kid from Peoria doing?
Yeah, the one at the Abils are going to drab.
Like the one guy said today, he had his thumb right on it.
The only draft the other would be interested is the draft that put it out of a spigot.
With or without freeway.
Here's a call from the keys.
Hello.
Oh, yes, doll.
Yes, sir.
How much for George's ass?
How much for you?
444 bucks.
Round trip.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, but he listened.
I just want to let you know something.
You and I never met.
But I feel like you're a friend.
I've been listening to you about two years now.
Don't let these people out in the world get you down.
You just keep doing what you do.
They don't get me down, sir.
That's right.
And it's not a reflection on me.
It's a reflection on them.
They have no material.
They have nothing to say about anything.
That's right.
This is one of the few shows in the history of the human race where people can call in and talk about.
Anything they want, anything out of the sun.
And I'll sit here and if it makes any sense at all.
Listen and whatever and they have nothing to say.
Because this is South Florida, man.
This is the land of the lost, the land of the walking dead.
You're very true.
You're very right.
I just want to let you know you got a very personal person out here.
And you just keep up the good work.
Okay.
God bless you, sir.
I'll pray for us.
You too.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
We're praying.
Bye-bye.
We're haughta and the Hail Mary, Mother of God, Ho, et cetera.
Bless is your fruit.
Fine.
That's why we knew that Jesus was gay because they kept saying,
bless it as your fruit.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you know what I'm saying?
Everything in the Bible comes back to fruit.
It was the apple on the tree and the pear on the ground and the fruit of thy womb and all of these things.
Fruit of the loom.
Lots of fruits in those biblical days.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Hey, I think it's time.
Time to stop taking the phone calls.
Yeah.
You and George just come in, get in the hairlage, bring the phone, send the phone.
You just sit down and you talk, you don't have to worry about the phones, crap out on them.
Yeah.
You know, just sit down and you guys shoot the shoot.
Where did this ever come from?
The last two days just out of nowhere.
I mean, we're both sitting here stupified.
We're in the last several weeks of been just fine.
We've been rolling along.
A lot of good shows.
No problem at all.
All of a sudden, it's like they had a meeting.
You know, they had a big meeting.
Hey, hey, hey.
What is that?
The video's finally got cell phones now.
So now they can just call you at the door.
Let me ask you.
Where is everybody else?
Well, they're at work.
All the normal people.
Well, what about all the other people we talked to for the last 25 years?
I don't think they left.
Oh, I see.
They're all gone.
Oh, yeah.
They should have left at least a thank you card or something.
They could have leave us something, my goodness.
Yeah.
They could have left us a lifeline.
All right.
You don't have to go about that.
Okay, back to you, sir.
Thank you.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Yeah, real men.
When they are in terms of draft, they watch it.
They listen to what they're out of their glued into what they want to do.
They want to know the names, the shoe size, the jockstrap size.
Those are real macho men that take showers together.
Yeah.
That's what I hear.
Mobile of Cooper City.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just want to let you know that I actually look forward to going to work so I can listen to you on the radio,
make a big difference in my life.
A lot of insightful comments.
And just recently moved back here from Grand Cayman.
And it's made a tremendous difference on my field of gear adjustment.
I'm out here.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm on.
But what I wanted to say was, one day I was at the gas station watching a...
She popped my gas and this lady pulled in and she pulled in the handicapped spot.
And she goes ahead and gets out of her car, walks away, no problem.
And next thing you know, I was thinking of myself, these people, they have no problem with parking a handicapped spot.
And then the other lady does it.
So I stopped and I said, you understand where you're parking.
And next thing you know, they're being in the...
In the gas station started clapping.
They were very happy about that.
Very good.
Nice job, pal.
Maybe you can do that as a profession.
Have a great day.
You too, buddy.
Now seriously, he can be the guardian of the handicapped spots for all these phony crypts who don't really crypts at all.
I hate those people who have the fake handicapped things hanging.
I don't want to mention February.
I'm or anybody else.
You know what I'm saying?
We have somebody in this building.
I don't want to mention her name on the air.
Who's got a handicapped sticker?
She's not handicapped other than mentally.
Yeah, there's a lot of real crypts out there.
Although you know, we don't get me started again.
All those name handicapped spaces.
See, he's at a gas station and he's got two people parking the handicapped.
Maybe that's part of the problem.
Maybe there's two got to many crypt spaces out there.
That could be the problem.
Look, when you're at the airport, when it's real busy in there and you're driving around and around and around.
And there's all the handicapped spaces are empty.
But don't you dare park in here because they'll put you in the electric chair.
Yeah, they'll get, they'll rev up old spark again just for that.
Special.
And just like the ones with the, the strollers spaces.
Have you seen those at the airport?
Airport, they have them all over shopping centers.
They do now?
Yeah, people with babies in the structure.
Oh, you're with your goddamn stroller.
Okay, what's the big deal with that?
You need more room.
Why?
How about these people that are going on a trip for like six months and they're taking 25 years of their belongings?
The 82 pieces of luggage?
Or the people are going away for the weekend and taking 40 pieces of luggage.
You know, you know, you know, the ones taking a whole life possession because they're going away for two days.
We handled it fine when we had strollers.
Yeah.
Well, what's wrong with you?
A bunch of pussy's out there.
If you're strong enough to be able to make babies out there, you should be able to park like in a regular or not.
By the way, you're in space.
Yeah, stroller goes into the trunk.
Yeah.
So you access it from the rear.
So having a lot of room on the side.
No, you access it from the rear.
Sometimes.
Yeah.
That's what I hear from the rear.
Back home.
Yeah, so what's your point?
So having extra room on the sides is irrelevant.
Yeah.
Right. Exactly.
What is your truck?
Does your truck expand to the sides when you open it?
Oh.
Of course not.
Unless you got a DeLorean or something like that and you open up the goddamn doors.
And if you got a DeLorean, what do you need a goddamn stroller space for anyway?
You should be able to go into the airport in the limo.
Just a bunch of panicking-ass people all looking for special rights.
Just remember, equal rights, not special rights.
This is 560 QL.
A lot of people here that were all whipped up into a frenzy last year.
The alien on this and the alien on that and the alien.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Anybody care about those kids that blow each other way in school?
Low.
Those kids that are getting babies tossed into dumpsters?
Low.
They little gorilla got butchered and beat up and murdered by that punk.
The wrestling fan?
Low.
No.
All of these things?
Low.
But alien, see that was a different story because it was a miracle of God.
How about God helping these other kids?
No.
No.
They're not special.
Well, I sure, you know, it's a lot of...
We ought to get some melancholy from what's his name today?
From a good friend, Ira.
Okay.
What are you looking at me like that for?
Is that a bad idea?
No.
Fun idea.
As long as Scott don't come in here, don't want to see him.
Oh, he just makes my skin crawl.
In fact, that would be a good pull for me to ask myself.
Which makes you more irritated.
The NFL drafters Scott from Atlantic City subs.
I think Scott wins that one easy.
Alas, who?
Alas, who?
Hell hood.
Hell hood.
Who?
Mm-hmm.
You're a butt sucker, okay?
We don't, we can't stand you.
We like our way.
He's a good guy.
He's always smiling.
Got a smile on his push.
He makes great sandwiches.
And Atlantic City subs, baby, for lunch today.
It sounds good to me.
Just keeps Scott out of here.
Him and Diffo, I think, are are lophing this weekend.
That's when I'm here.
Here's a model in Pemberk Pine.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have some advice for some of your callers.
Uh-huh.
They should freeze their brain until they find a cure.
Uh-huh. Well, and maybe if they find the brain first.
You're safe by these nice little things.
Okay, thank you.
Get a search party.
Let's see if we can find some brains out there.
What do you think, bro?
Any luck?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Mobile in for Lauderdale, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Too quick things.
The first thing I love is Home Depot.
They've got like 40 handicapped bus.
I've never seen more than 38 wheelchairs in there at one time.
You know, the main is Home Depot.
Yeah.
Anyways, uh...
What is that all about?
Of course, they show that the crypts have a tremendous lobby.
And they go to the state legislatures,
so they use cities or wherever.
And that they coerce them and they make any stupid laws.
So they have to have about 20 times as many handicapped spaces as they need.
And the rest of us have to park about 20 miles away, like at the sod rest.
That's one of the reasons I never go to the sod rest.
Yeah.
Let me tell you something about 20 years ago.
I'll be 45 soon, about 20 years ago.
I got hit by a car on a bicycle.
I have a steel plate, 10 pins, and 450 stitches in my leg.
I've never even thought about getting a handicapped.
I mean, I could get one if I wanted to, but for what?
I mean, I'd still have my leg almost lost it.
You know, but I mean, I see these guys get out of these cars
and they jog into the store.
Yeah.
And it's like, I want to go up there and choke them.
Some of these old counters that have the handicaps, they're going to see them get out.
They're walking better new and I are.
Just because you're old, does mean you should have special privileges,
just like all the discounts of the banks and the movies and all these other damn things.
Everything, yeah.
Let me just say a couple of things about the draft.
Yeah, I have three boys, and I coach all their teams and everything.
And this is where it starts, all the shimit.
They take the stuff so serious that, I mean, I'm talking six, seven, and eight-year-old,
and these jerk off, excuse my expression, coaches and everything,
they bring laptop computers and stuff to the draft.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God.
They should want to puke, you know.
And they're getting into, I'm not touching this year.
I can't take it anymore.
They don't do anything about teaching the kids anymore.
All it is to win that stupid $3 piece of crap trophy, and all these parents and stuff.
They're getting really rowdy.
They think that their kids are going to make their billionaires.
Yeah.
And they don't understand that like one out of 100,000 kids,
even get looked at at a high school or something like that.
Unless it's by their priest or rabbi, they might get looked at.
Well, thanks for the good news, pal.
I don't know if you'll tell them draft this.
Yeah.
Okay, see.
124 votes on our poll already.
How interested are you in the NFL draft?
If I hear the word draft again, I'll puke say 46.
Somebody interested 33, not at all 27, a lot 18.
Oh, a lot 18.
That's only a 14.5%.
And you're going to be starting and starting at two this afternoon,
we're going to be devoting them the next 600 hours to draft intensive here on this.
Radio station where we're sick from sports.
We're not just sports fans here.
We're obsessed with it.
It's coming out of our ears.
It's coming out of every poor in our body.
It's spewing out of our...
Welcome.
...ass.
The sports asses.
How's our friend I would do them?
On his way.
That's our buddy Ira, Delaney City subs, where Ira makes the difference.
Because he's a good guy, makes a good great sandwich,
and got a good disposition, and doesn't come here sucking around for freebies either.
Like Scott.
Now that's a different story, Scott.
How those two ever get together.
It's related.
Oh, say like I said, blood ain't thicker than water.
Here's Miami with a question mark.
Hello.
Why should we care about children and what's happening to women in our society
when the sports holes are walking around with hard arms,
wondering who the dolphins are going to take in the 45th round of the draft?
Now you got it.
You know, right.
It's all of meaningless stuff is what we need to be focusing on, right?
I want to know why because what's important to America is, right.
You got it.
Keep ripping them Neil.
Okay, pal.
He started to print that pissed off about it.
Yeah.
Nice go, answer.
Now we don't care about kids, alien we cared about,
because the news media said it was very important,
and we had a bunch of people being manipulated in this town
who are always very easily manipulated, going like,
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Like they always do, right?
Whether teeth soak it in the glass.
Now see they should learn from the old Jews, you know,
and then sunrise and camera act the ones that soak their teeth in the glass.
Maybe your teeth wouldn't be so green down there in a little of that,
and you old farts.
If you put them in a goddamn glass once in a while,
effort then, works like a charm.
560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Anybody seen passions?
Yeah.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Passing.
Passing?
Inpassing, yeah.
Because I thought it said pretty interesting.
I mean, sure, it's silly, it's very silly.
And ordinarily, I'm not big in the silly.
But it's kind of fun.
Plus there isn't pretty hot people in there.
Yeah.
And when you're in hell, you're going to be pretty damn hot.
So those of you hot looking people out there,
let me tell you right now, maybe you're arrogant and running around thinking,
boy, I sure look good.
Like your stuff don't stink.
Well, just wait.
Because God's got a real surprise for you.
Because when you're hot during your lifetime,
you're going to be hot forever.
Oh!
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
There we are.
Hey, too.
Oh, that's good.
That's good.
Real quick.
See, guys, look, I've got the radio off.
I really don't hate you.
See, if you see it real fast, then it has, like,
much more impact.
Wow.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60.
Pound five, 60 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Stop floating where our motto is,
the moon, the moon, the moon, the moon, the moon, like that.
Just like that.
Your field beach, all.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
Well, I'll tell you, you don't have to look for.
I work on the beach, and just to tell you how many
assholes we encounter, there's a flock of us that listen to you.
And we talk about you and all, and I'll tell you,
there's too many assholes around on the beach as even.
I mean, people come down here on vacation, you think they'd be happy.
You know, they walk around, you tell them something,
or you help them out, try to be a nice person, you know,
and they just tell you, hey, you know what?
Ask you, and if an AT&T, it's just amazing.
If everybody had a little bit more, you know, respect
towards human life in general, it'd be so much better.
But yeah, what are you going to do?
Yeah, if people were like a little bit nice,
but this is South Florida where nice is illegal,
it's against the law here.
Yeah, I can't kiddin'.
Have a great day, Pound.
Hey, can I hear the quarter a bit that you play,
you haven't played in a while?
Quarter?
Yeah, like a quarter?
What is it?
The hum job for a quarter.
Okay, have a great day.
Okay.
Quarter.
At least 50 cent.
567.0560, Pound.560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
I'm in it, so after 11 here at QAM,
Doris attended markets as a place
where you'll find nice friendly.
People, not a bunch of sour pushes,
not a bunch of crazy people knocking you down
with their shopping carts like it is big.
Mom, when under,
our whole country's gonna sunder.
Yeah, no one can agree on this budget.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
Bye, bye, bye.
Welcome to 15 to 560 WQAM.
Be sure to log out of the www.qm.com website and play the Santa Rosa Marble NFL draft game.
The grand prize includes a weekend for two at Shula's Hotel plus $100 gift certificate to the stake house
and an autographed football by Coach Shula, the brainstem.
Log on and start playing the Santa Rosa Marble NFL draft game at www.qm.com.
Because if you're into the draft, you probably lost your marbles.
143 votes on our pool.
How interested are you in the NFL draft?
If I heard there were draft again, I'll puke 49.
Somewhat 41, not at all 30 and a lot.
23, 16%.
For Lauderdale, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm dialing around on the TV last night because there's virtually nothing on.
And guess who's face lights are on there?
Steve Kane.
Yeah.
When did he start doing that?
It was that awful Shula on the public access station where it looks like it was shot to a Linoleum.
No, it was on Comcast up here, Eastside, Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah.
That's the show.
The one that looks like it's shot to a brick wall, right?
Like you're looking at a negative.
Oh, that's public access.
Yeah.
What a horrible heart.
He looks like he's 95 years old.
Yeah, well, when every party your body is fake when you have a fake nose and a fake penis and fake hair and fake earlobes, I mean, what do you expect?
And that was all trade off.
Right.
That's exactly right.
I like that black doily he's wearing on his head.
Well, I'm glad you finally got it, sir.
At least to put a good smile on your poise.
Yeah, and Mr. Antel.
Yeah, there you go.
They both got it.
Excellent.
Have a great day.
Maybe they got it from each other.
567-0560, pound, 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Yeah, I wonder how Alice's big meeting with queer channel came out, huh?
Well, we sure want him back on here again.
Bring him on, baby.
The Alice Rand tell show middays would be good.
Here's Pompato Beach.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Green.
Did you get a chance to call you a couple of days ago?
Did you catch the article in the Sunset Noel about the problem they're having in the Broward County Library with Master Base?
Oh, yeah, but the crazy guy.
They're not having any problem.
That's that nutcase that whatever his name is who keeps making these stories up.
Oh, it's just, it's not for real, man.
Of course not.
This guy, his name is Alan Travillian from Winter Park.
This is this Humphobic Lunatic who sees, he sees sex going on under his mattress.
And believe me, it's not him.
Well, I'm going to give him some talk about him.
I'm going to go to the library and whack off to a picture of Billy on it.
Okay, have a good time.
Thank you, man.
Okay.
There you go.
Squirt, Squirt.
Coming attraction to the library near you.
Legislative proposed gay harassment ban in schools.
And the governor, by the way, being the great liberal that he is, says,
talking about this Travillian guy, this nutcase Alan Travillian,
who I mentioned this yesterday.
You know, Travillian said that he was talking to the gay high school students.
He said, well, God's got a special plan for you.
You're all going to burn in hell and all this other crap.
The governor says, my interpretation of the Bible is a little bit different, a little, not much, but a little bit.
Like maybe you won't burn in hell.
You're just going to get like a bad sun pan skin cancer, something like that.
But the governor says, I think everybody's got a right to express his opinion as do the kids who might disagree with him.
Very, very progressive governor.
Bush, let's hear it for the governor, baby, who never saw an election that his brother was in that he couldn't fix.
But it fits right in.
I mean, we were talking before the show this morning.
This is a, and you know, you put your jacket on.
I already turned it up into rear too.
It was like freezing it.
It's like a meat locker in here.
You can hang your meat in here.
But in most cases, keep your meat out.
I see most of you.
But this is a mugwomps state.
This isn't, oh, well, this is Florida.
This is more liberal in the rest of the South.
Yeah, right.
This is a mugwomps state.
Speaking of mugwomps, here's a mobile and little Havana.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, sir. This is the fake God of the almighty penis from Little Havana.
See?
How big are they?
Whatever happens to build that.
You know where you that?
What, why, you want to date?
No, these are just a good, just DJ.
Yeah.
And, you know, everything I was wondering if you knew where you were.
Yeah, he's in Birmingham, Alabama.
He consults this radio station.
These are consultant.
All of you, the consultant for radio station.
Yes, sir.
Great, great.
Also, one of your earlier callers was talking about that guy very white.
One of the good is number of something, you know?
Yeah, just like you want to get the Bill Tatter's number.
Okay, maybe we have like a four way sounds good.
Uh-huh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Of course, they have a term for that.
That's a date.
Love you more on.
Here's a mobile and a lot of hill.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
The only thing more ponderous, I think, than the draft is when they talk about recruiting for colleges,
the high school athletes.
Yeah.
You think about it in both situations you're sitting there and you're gambling on the potential of a bunch of 16 to 19 year old,
sometimes genetic freaks for that matter.
But why do you, the show is you're talking about, they're not even talking about 16 to 19.
They're talking about 11 and 12 year old kids.
That's exactly right.
Why do you want to hear a bunch of adult men sitting around talking about 11 and 12 year old kids?
Generally, I'm thinking of myself.
This must be a much glowing terms.
You wonder like where they've been peeking around the corner for these kids.
Probably in the shower.
But you think, but you know, it's almost the same thing when you're sitting here talking about gambling on,
you're generally you're talking about almost gambling on the potential of these kids.
It's pretty much just like the stock market these days too.
It's always the potential of what something can be, but you have absolutely no indication of what it's going to pan out to be.
Right.
Six, three years, four years down the road.
Right.
What they ought to do is, instead of having a Dow Jones average down, average,
and you have to invest in these kids and figure out, okay, the kid washed out it with a drug problem after a year,
so you lose all your investment.
You're out.
Yeah.
But it's crazy.
And it is ponderous and ponderous.
And I realize a long time ago, and I've told them all before about how these parents are going out with their kids to little league ball games.
And they're sitting there and they're talking, I've heard them say it.
Yeah, I'm hoping he'll get a scholarship or that I'm hoping he'll get the annuity for my retirement.
Right. Exactly.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
So, you know, let the kids play the games and forget about it.
And then throw your money at the side.
I hope that most of those parents, you know, in that category, the wind up that their kid goes out and makes millions of dollars and turns their back on the parents.
It's on the, you know, or comes out and says, yeah, my dad just forced me to play.
I really hate the game.
Yeah, I'm making a lot of money, but I'd really rather be honest or a movie star or a movie star.
So, I'm giving all my money to cheerity.
Yeah.
Have a great day.
By the way, you'll be very pleased to know speaking of these topics, we're discussing with draft, all these things.
If not, just going to need draft, talk what Hank is on from New York to this afternoon.
One segment they're going to be doing is on old cockers who gamble.
Here's mentally, hello.
Yeah, Neil, like I told George happy for 20.
Yes, sir.
And as far as you being gay, how does that work?
How does it work?
Why do you want to date?
Maybe.
Uh-huh.
You're not my type, pal.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT.
Okay, it works easy for me.
I'll tell you that.
It works good for me.
Send a picture.
Yeah.
For my orz, hello.
Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I'm a recovering Catholic and I was watching Shindler's List last night.
Uh-huh.
And uh...
Shindler's still had a show.
I couldn't get through it the second time.
I only watched it for half an hour, I had to turn it off.
Why would you want to watch?
Yeah.
One time is enough.
I mean, I think everybody should...
Don't you think everybody should watch it one?
No.
No?
That's like saying, don't you think everybody ought to visit Auschwitz once just to see what it was like?
Well, how do people learn about it then?
Huh?
How do people learn about it then?
Wait a minute.
What do you mean, how do we learn about it?
We've already read about it in a...
But history books tell it's coming out of our ears.
Well, I mean, if everybody...
Well, if somebody gave you a ticket to Europe in about 50 grand in cash to go have a good time,
would you go visit concentration camps?
No, I wouldn't.
Well, I'd be there.
There are people who do that.
They spend their...
They go on a tour of all the different, uh, Nuremberg Auschwitz, uh...
Yeah.
The Dachau.
That's a little...
No, I'm looking out.
But I was...
I wanted to talk about the Catholic Church's role in this.
Yeah.
I've been reading about Pope Pius XII.
Yeah, Millington's anti-Semite, correct.
It's unbelievable.
He was like a real good friend of General Kesselring, who was the German general that was headquartered
in Italy.
Yeah.
This guy was like a collaborator.
Right.
I mean, all he wanted to do was save their artwork.
Right.
That's all he wanted to do.
And he knew...
Oh, Jason, don't take my art.
Same thing.
Same concept.
So, I mean, anybody who can sit there and look back at this and say, well, we can accept
that they haven't even given an apology to the, you know, ancestors of the six million people.
So I can't be a part of that church.
Okay, congratulations, sir.
Thank you.
But you got to know that they are snappy dresses.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Let's talk about the Swiss Guard.
What do you say?
No.
05, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
165 votes on our poll.
The draft ain't doing too well, I should point out.
I see some people would say, well, let's say at the sports show, this is like more general.
But, let me point this out to you.
Stop and think about this.
When you're already neurocasting, it would be like, if you did a show every day and it was only about baseball cards.
Well, to begin with, I mean, that limits the audience to like maybe one tenth of one percent of anybody.
One hundredth of one percent.
But what about if you started doing a show every day and it was about baseball cards from 1952 only?
Do you see what I'm saying?
Cincinnati Reds.
Yeah, since the 90 Reds players from 1952 only.
And back in 1952 was the Red legs.
Oh, the Reds because it was the one you think of at McCarthy.
Well, not seriously, they didn't want you to say the Reds.
Because that was during the Kami Pincol thing, you know.
Somebody stop.
Right, exactly.
Exactly.
26 past 11.
The concept of neurocasting.
And of course the programmers, they're like, oh, what's he saying?
What I'm saying is that you're talking, you're playing with yourselves.
That's what I'm telling you.
Greg Reed is playing with himself on a radio.
26, it's better in a library.
26 after 11 at 560 WQM, you want to get to a great meal this weekend.
Take the whole gang over for a feast.
A fabulous humongous feast even fit for a beast at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
Well, you talk about a sea of food, two locations for your Pine Island and 44th in sunrise,
Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in North Miami Beach,
and speaking the weekend, don't forget Emerald Coast features all you can eat stone crabs on the buffet
every Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
You start out with your choice of six tasty soups or all of you above if you like,
and then you get to pick through dozens and dozens of great oriental delights,
meat and pork and chicken and seafood and vegetable, all kinds of great stuff,
and make sure and make a pit stop at the gourmet center.
A sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steak, chicken, shrimp seafood prepared to your order,
believe it or not, there's hand-carb prime rib.
They got a sushi bar and a salad bar featuring fresh shrimp on ice.
And also with a zert bar, by some miracle, you can save a little bit of room
or if you're just a big fat pig, you don't care, they got pies and chocolate.
Oh, my god, you're all done, I'm gonna be love.
Help me.
Oh, if I say you should do it, it's a grab a heart of your rock heart,
and a heavy string, and stretch, stretch.
And then you work your upper body.
Jesus, what's up?
I forgot to put the prawn.
Oh god, what about the serve?
First, you bend over and grab your ball.
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, I forgot to put the panty on.
Oh my god, oh, then you're jelly, push your bar into the air,
and I, oh, oh, you like this?
Yeah, can you do that again?
Oh, okay.
Oh god, one more time please.
I haven't gotten yet, do all my time.
You know, still don't have it.
Again, please.
And the Kona Cove attendance level has been nothing rated by the D.P.O.
and children under 18 with that heart permission.
I liked that one.
Love a 32 at 560 WQAM.
So here's the facts that HBO show on Benny Han, Benny Han, Benny Hanna,
and all those other figures.
We'll be on again tomorrow morning 9.45 at HBO East.
I mean, I could read the list of all the other HBO's, but why the hell bother?
Too many HBO.
You know, 9.45 tomorrow morning on HBO East,
and it's called a question of miracles America under cover.
Yeah, Mikaela faxes me and she says,
as far as passion goes, you spark my curiosity.
I decided to watch it yesterday.
Like you said yesterday, the guys are really good looking,
but the whole soap opera is weird.
But I think I'm hooked so I can see those two good-looking Latin guys again.
Absolutely correct.
Yeah, and why the hell not?
Plus, of course, little Timmy, the walking, talking doll.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Happy Friday, now.
And back to you.
Thank you. I called the police a couple of weeks ago.
I got, I knew somebody that was using one of those handicap things,
and I was going to see if I could do something about it.
You know, they said, you don't necessarily have to have a physical handicap to have it.
And unless we catch them using it, there's nothing we can or will do.
Wait a minute, sir.
Otherwise, if you don't have to have a physical handicap, why should you have it?
In other words, if you just have the right connection.
How about a mental handicap?
Yeah, well, we got one on this building.
Oh, my God.
A quick request.
Yes, sir.
Let's go to some pods.
Okay. Thanks, Neil.
5670560, pound 560.
On the AT&T in Verizon, Marvellous Line, I'm going to play that.
We're going to play a lot of pots off today, because obviously a lot of people out there
already got a good start on the weekend.
Oh, no.
Guess what, George?
At the same time as yesterday, I love it.
Two days, this is the third day in a row.
11.33 in the morning.
All of a sudden, our internet connection, crafts out.
I mean, I'll click the thing, but it's not going to do any good.
We stabbed 174 votes on our poll on NeilRongers.com.
How interested are you in the NFL draft?
If I hear the word draft again, I'll pupe 58, somewhat 48, not at all 40,
a lot only 28, 16%.
And it's just searching and searching.
And two, three days in a row now.
So evidently, we either have some people in the building or Bob Ramoth is just making that up.
That's more likely, you know.
He wouldn't do that.
Yeah, he would.
He's probably just dicking with us again, because he hates us like poison,
because he's a redneck.
He's a real Yahoo-nose-picking redneck who don't bathe much.
So anyway, that means Eric, you're going to have to be faxing me to results again.
Every half-hour being enough, because this is not one of those, you know,
real controversial things.
It's just the bust of balls of the draft mix of these people who have no life whatsoever.
Here's a lady in Palm City.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Some of you of course want to make me puke.
Yeah.
I mean, I cannot believe things that I hear.
Really?
But what I want to see too about Benny Hinn and Vanita, I'm aware of all this stuff that goes on
with organized religion is the problem of the entire country, the entire world.
I mean, it's just ridiculous.
If they want to see miracles, real, let them put on pap TV, low-sea miracles.
They'll see it themselves.
Amazing.
I don't know if you get that channel.
It's incredible.
My faith has to be in the human man, in my family, in my friends, in my doctor.
No one else, but they are the only ones that can make the real eye on.
Right.
Anyway, you're nearly a great, you're either the country, this country is on the path.
Okay.
We should have some.
I'm worried about me too.
Okay, thanks.
I'm going to stand again.
Anybody who doesn't like Erasmith will be deported this weekend.
Okay.
I'm going to write to something that's so patently obvious, you know.
It's right there.
It's right there in front of you.
It's like a great bowl of clam chowder.
Am I right?
Anybody doesn't like a great bowl of clam chowder.
They're probably like un-American.
Chowder.
Come on Easter.
566705, or maybe just Tugoyasha.
56670560, pound 560 on EAT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Mobile in Dural, hello.
Fail.
Yes, sir.
The main thing is on my plate.
Uh-huh.
The grassstocks, passions and food a little bit on the fence.
I'm not sure about it yet.
I know.
It's an acquired taste.
It takes a long time.
Yeah.
I'll figure out what they're all about.
And why we're watching it.
Exactly.
And lastly, our herd people say.
Okay, great.
56670560, pound 560 on EAT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile in Corsair Springs, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What is it?
Hey, how you doing today?
All right.
Listen, I'm calling about the guy who was watching with this the other night.
Um, he said he watched it for the first time and he was saying how everybody should watch
and you were kind of disagreeing.
No, I didn't say that people shouldn't watch it, but I mean, he made it sound like he was obsessed with it.
How often do you need to keep seeing that same stuff all over and over again?
So people who keep watching the Nazi documentaries for the 4 million time?
Um, I'm married to a woman.
Yeah.
You're a guy married to a woman.
Right.
And I took my life to the movie when the first came out in a midwest.
They don't teach any of that stuff.
They don't really teach the history of waterplace in the Holocaust.
I wanted her to see.
Um, and then we watched it again last night for a little while and then she kind of had a lead
because you get a little nausea about the whole thing.
Yeah.
But just to remember, how many times do you need to see it?
It's like going to Amsterdam in the first 10 days and spending nine days at the Anne Frank House.
You know what I'm saying?
I agree.
I mean, you don't have to see it 100 times.
One for twice is good.
But after you've been to .com for the first, you know, 14, 15 times, that should be enough.
I agree.
You know, one country, you know, I've never been to a concentration camp, but you've seen one.
You basically know what's taking place on all of them.
Right.
But I took my daughter.
When I was 16 years old, I went to Belor Snighters Camp in the Adirondack Mountains and he told me,
you know, what's the way you've been to one camp, you've been to Annie, you know, all the same.
Well, pretty much.
You know, you've got your sweet way camp to sweet way camp.
But just my daughter and my wife to the Washington Memorial about the Holocaust Museum.
And as a Jew, I'm not talking.
I'm a Jew.
My career never ends with it so there's no need to put the tends on me.
So I'm a Jew.
I can no longer be, because you see my prostate with on me.
But still I think I'm swimming free.
I know stated, I'm found 82.
And I've got to keep my teeth healthy and with you.
Yeah, I'm so aged, yeah.
But I can still keep rocking you.
14 children with a 560 WQIM, time to squeeze the bag.
560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T.
We got our internet back by the way, Eric, I should mention that.
Yeah, it's a miracle.
It's an act of...
Oh, good.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Passion stocks and you stock too.
And thanks for listening to the Aradjisho.
Could you understand what he said?
He'd be saying, passion, suck and you suck too.
Yeah, well that's at least half-right.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Me?
Yes sir.
Honey voice, bad phoney voice, bad, bad phoney voice.
See there's good phoney voices like the guy that does their comedy bits like that.
Can we try that again? That guy, you know?
Maybe when I catch me breath maybe, that guy.
Here's a mobile in Homestead. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah, I read all things you have and watched all things you have,
but you're starting with people short because you're advanced audience,
and they should know this stuff about Shinler.
About you, pardon?
I read all things about, you know, we're one, two...
They should know what stuff about Shinler.
What?
There's a lot of people out there that don't know this stuff.
But what stuff?
About what you've been talking about the last few callers.
Such an audience that don't know that.
Such as what they don't know what.
They don't know about the history of your own home home.
Forget about the history.
Yeah.
Yeah, I see.
And what about it?
What if they don't know this?
Most people don't know the history of anything.
They know the history of their own lives much less of this state or this country or the world.
So what about it?
Why you want to introduce them to it?
I might introduce them to it.
What are we doing here?
History lesson here?
Is that what this show is?
I thought this was an entertainment show.
Well, I have a great day, sir.
Have a great day.
Here's the guy tell me how to do the show.
Oh, you might want to introduce them to the history of human suffering.
No thanks.
If you want to watch it, great.
Go out and rent chindlers with us this weekend.
I'll pass.
Just on entertainment value.
Forget the history and the story and that.
Just like that movie that Jason gave me like two and a half years ago.
What the hell was it that the...
Oh, yeah.
I still haven't watched it.
I'll get around it with some day maybe and maybe not.
You know the one I'm talking about.
Yeah.
Very good movie everybody says it's good.
It's good.
And he can't watch the other's live.
He can't bug in me that I should watch it but I probably won't.
It's a morbid depressing movie.
Whatever the one wants to give me and I haven't watched it yet.
Why do I want to watch chindlers list?
Why?
Entertainment value alone.
About what?
Just happens to be a good movie.
What about what?
Forget the subject matter.
Is that how you based your movie watching decision is what it's about?
Partly.
It's about not season Jews.
But outside of that, it happens to be very good movie.
Oh, boy.
I want not for the Nazis in Jews.
Just the race finds good.
You need to get out of the house once in a while.
Okay, have you ever been to Berlin?
No.
Have you ever been to a colon?
What's I got to do with chindlers list?
Well, when I go to Germany, I'm not thinking about Nazis or Jews.
What I'm talking about is subject matter.
It's a good movie.
Yeah.
Forget what it's about.
How can you avoid the subject matter?
You can't avoid it but it's like saying, oh, you forget about the mafia but you really enjoy the Godfather.
Well, would you say you enjoyed the Godfather but forget about the topic?
You know what? If they were in a legitimate business, it would have been just as entertaining.
They were in the olive oil business.
Right.
Genko.
Genko olive oil.
The job, the acting job, the level of the word I got scripting.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Mom made some lunch.
5.67.0560.
5.60.
I'm not.
I'm not going to watch chindlers list.
You can hack me from now until the cows come home.
I'm not going to be watching chindlers list.
Self-hating, too.
Oh, I'm a self-hating, too, because I don't want to watch chindlers list.
Little spick.
I bet you're not going to watch the alien saga either.
Did you watch it?
No, they have some beat or playing alien.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
See, there you go.
Bravo.
I heard it was great.
Aito Picker playing alien.
Yeah, sounds real life to me.
Here's a mobile and four-lettered ale, ho.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
Congratulations.
On what?
I'm having a great show.
Oh, okay.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
I was changing from way into the other.
Anyway, tomorrow I get married.
And for my honeymoon, we're going to Toronto in Montreal.
Yes, sir.
Partly because of your, you know, your expertise and stuff like that.
Uh-huh.
What makes you unique, I guess, is the fact that you're gay, but yet, you know, you're rip on people and, you know, you're cool about it.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Congratulations.
And, uh, can you play the song that the bit of the lady and says, well, I don't mind about blanking his brother at the end?
Stop it, little rousal.
It's all little rousal.
I'll think about it.
Thank you, Dr.
See you.
Like you had, like you had to tell me what the one that was.
Come on, George.
You're too obsessed with a chin-versed list.
There's probably some good Palestinians in it. That's why you're like it.
It was a good movie.
I'll take your word for it.
I'm sure it was a one I think is probably the best movie that was ever made.
No.
One of them.
I bet it's the one of the top 10,000 movies that was ever made.
Okay.
Okay.
There you go.
So we finally reached an agreement.
I only have to have some ways by time seeing it.
I don't want to see it.
Yeah, waste your time.
I don't want to see it.
Do you want to go see the 10 commandments?
I saw it.
I did too.
And I'm sorry that I wasted my time seeing it.
It was good to see once.
No, it was not.
Do you want to go see Quovatis?
I've seen it.
So that I was worth seeing.
Yeah.
Very good movie.
Both versions.
You know, who was in that?
Which version?
Who played Nero?
The original one.
Oh, that's a swishy guy.
He's not a swish.
The original one.
He used an ob.
Oh, that version.
I'm not talking about biggest dickest.
Oh.
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm 28, son.
I'm a transplant from Boston.
I think George has got that movie confused with Caligula.
What is it?
You mentioned about Chaddor earlier.
Yeah.
Is there any place in Florida?
Yeah.
It's kind of a good Chaddor at all.
Yeah.
Where?
The Nguyenla...
What's the place over in the sodgrass?
George, the seafood legal seafood.
Legal seafood, yeah.
I mean, I got that up in Boston.
I didn't know that it's in one place down here though.
And also...
Let me see if it's the only place.
I said that we have legal seafood.
I said it's the only place.
Okay.
All right.
That's a place.
Yeah.
The other thing I wanted to say, I think George is right about similar place.
Dude, I can say at least for the cinematography, the acting.
And I think it is one of the probably the top 20 movies, however, made.
I would think...
I mean, if you look at the camera angles, the acting...
Wait, man.
The camera angles?
Sure.
Are you used to me in the film business?
I'm telling you.
Yeah.
No, no, no.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Slow down.
See, I don't watch a movie to critique it.
I'm not a film critic.
I watch a movie to enjoy it.
I'm not interested in film-
You have to say it's very very critique.
I'm not interested in film-
I'm not interested in film-
Critiquing the director, the film angles, the cinematography...
None of that has AMMI enhances the enjoyment for me.
But I don't critique it, say.
Yeah, but it answers to the whole...
story of the leader of the story that's going on.
Okay, I'm sorry. Thank you. Thanks.
See you at Legal Seafood. There's as much chance
that I'm going to watch the movie as he's going to go to Legal Seafood and try the
Chowder
because he wasn't listening to a thing that I said. Forget all the pseudo-indulge
normalizing of the movie. It's just good.
You're sitting there, it's entertaining, it moves fast,
it's great. How about springtime for Hitler? Okay.
You see that? Isn't that Mel Brooks? Yeah.
Yeah. Well, at least that's got some laughs in it.
So does this actually?
Shimbos List has got some laughs. How about the Diary Van Frank?
See, this is enough to make me want to play that bit again. I just play the
extra. I got a depth of it. In the tradition of the disaster music
all comes in through Lloyd Webbers, June in the attic, the Anne Frank Diaries.
You'll leave the theater humming those catchy tunes like No More Beans.
I'm writing all this down. Don't flush till not these go home.
I've turned in my parents for a stick of the odorant. It's Jews in the
attic. Van Frank Diaries. CD available now.
You got a death threat for playing that bit? Sure. Why?
Oh, that's right. They know you like the Palestinians. I don't like them. Never met one.
You never met Benny Hen? Nope. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 2, 1. Maybe that's why me could cure your ills. Okay. All that
ails you. Shimmer list. You got to be Schmidt me, man. It's a good movie. I'm not going to watch it. I won't lie.
You know something if we had 400 calls in a row now and everybody said, you know
something you would love it. Be there your favorite movie of your life. I still
wouldn't watch it. Wouldn't be your favorite. Just because you're so
hell-bent I'm trying to make me watch it. I don't want to see it. I don't want to see any more
God damn you. You can not see movies. Here's a mobile and curl spring. So
I've seen the movie. I think George is out of his mind.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let
come on.
Let's what are the fights
Let's what are the fights
You can catch and you can drop it, you can squeeze it, you can fly by that part.
Oh, you can score it, you can throw it, you can even roll it, throw it in the pot.
You can say it really is how it do, it is how it do, you can come in at the pot.
Where you can pass through the pot, then go through the pot.
Where you can pass through the pot, then go through the pot.
Ah, then go through the pot.
Or you can take a tampon, you can push a tail of the pot down as a pot.
And you can tap your toe, and when you're getting out of the pot, then go through the pot.
You can lift the evidence when the conflict breaking in that at the pot.
Where, let's go through the pot.
Let's go through the pot.
Let's go through the pot.
Let's go through the pot.
Ah, let's go through the pot.
Come on three and five, 60 WQM.
So, Joe was only to get some good stuff.
Yeah, Dr. Grip pens.
Joe was only from office of power, good Python.
Uh huh. That guy.
Dr. Grip.
Let me just recommend since we have a lot of followers out there, not too many leaders, but a lot of followers.
If you want a great pen.
I mean, no care, pen is a pen, right?
A great ballpoint pen.
Dr. Grip.
Get a grip with Dr. Brick Grip.
So, we're all going to go home now.
We're going to watch Shinler's list.
Yeah, I was giving that choice.
You can either stay here and do the rest of the show in the last two hours, or go home and watch Shinler's list.
I said, okay, let's go and watch that.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
Here's a mobile invoke. Hello.
Hey, mobile invoker.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I had a question for you.
I haven't seen Shinler's list, but I've been to Yacht for a while.
I guess that's like reality TV.
But I had a question for you.
Have you ever seen the show crossing over with John Edwards?
No.
He claims they talked to dead people or they talked to him.
And I wanted to know, I think...
Hey, listen, I talked to dead people every day for four hours for a living. What's wrong with that?
Well, I think it's a fix, but I know that you're not talking to people in my office.
I don't know how they do it.
I'm not sure if he may have seen it.
He's a faker, another medium.
Another faker.
But how do they do it?
I'm just asking you how they do it.
He's an ugly trickery. He's another plier with a different accent.
I know a clear all in there.
Yeah, he's making a lot of money.
Hey, there's a good buddy.
I wrote from Atlantic City Sub's in Hollywood where I wrote a mix of the difference.
Look at his laughing, he's smiling, he's just always a happy camper.
I wrote, unlike... What's his name?
Yeah, that guy.
No, we don't mention that guy's name on here anymore.
Rhymes with Snot.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Live.
How was hood?
Good. That's good.
Here's the homestead. Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Pretty good.
I got up to a couple of theories on why George is defending Amos so much.
You know what you sound like?
One of those chronic pain in the ass.
That's what you sound like to me.
Chronic, you're boring, your voice drives me nuts.
It's like scraping nails on a blackboard.
So listen to the NFL Draft Show.
Get a life pound, go back to your circles here, okay?
Go back to the Estableness Store. Get out of here.
237 votes on our survey.
How interested are you in the NFL Draft?
If I hear the word Draft again, I'll puke 72.
30%.
Somewhat, 66.
9 at all, 59 and a lot, 40.
16.8%.
So in other words, about 84% of these people say that the draft, okay?
Enough with the draft already.
Enough with the draft already, God damn it.
Man.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hey, how about the draft show coming up now?
I'm proud of my psych.
Hey, Neil, I got to add my two cents there.
I got to agree with that guy.
He was kind of an answer earlier, but he's right there.
She's on his list.
I mean, it's like pulling teeth.
It's a very slow movie, very boring.
There's a couple of good parts, but you know what?
I'm not working with the meat of the matter.
I know, I think the guy ahead of the point.
Why is George so a hellbent?
I mean, there's never been any other movie that he said you must watch this movie.
He's never ever thought you must watch it.
I mean, you said you would love it.
I mean, it's good.
My favorite movie of all time, Neil, is a prison movie.
You said prison movie earlier.
I don't know if you're talking about the Shawshank Redemption.
Yeah, I haven't watched it yet.
I got the tape.
That is a very good movie.
Is it really?
Yeah, absolutely.
Okay, I'll go home and watch it today.
Right, for the next two hours, right?
Right after Shindler's list.
Neil and including.
Yes.
Neil, the host.
Okay, see you.
So we took a poll, a little mini poll on the thing here,
and everybody said Shindler's list sucked.
Do not watch it.
George is just trying to be another guy, damn boy.
He's an always on the road.
He's a part of his anti-accentis.
He never saw it.
What?
That guy never saw the movie.
How do you know that?
Because he's lying.
Not slow.
Anybody who ever saw who didn't like it is full of crap.
No one saw it.
They didn't like it.
Yeah.
It's just good.
It's a good piece of movie making.
I've seen a lot of things that I thought were good,
but you probably wouldn't agree they were good, okay?
Not moving necessarily.
Not really.
And maybe some movies, too.
The subject matter, yeah.
Right.
Give us your boys in the sand.
Okay, where are we going?
Here's a mobile and Cooper City.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
They were all linked to the age, by the way.
What is it?
First of all, I want to appreciate you for all the good time
what you're giving us.
Yes, sir.
Short nap, I would say.
And the price is right, too.
All right.
And another question.
Did you have any respond on you yesterday?
No.
Regardless of the Mariah, because obviously I didn't hear probably
the whole show because I'm on delivery.
Regardless of the Mariah, Carrie?
Yes.
They said she sucks watermelons.
Right.
That's true.
I mean, but why it was such a big jump and down in her career?
Did somebody analyze it?
What is it?
Did somebody know this white was so quick down for her?
For the last two albums.
Why it was so quick down?
Yes.
I mean, it's obviously, while she was married on this guy on the
Tommy Matalli, you know, the head of the song, everything was fine for her.
Yeah.
As soon as she broke up, everybody noticed that she's nothing like a big, huge blow up.
A big blow up.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Anybody have any idea what he just said?
No.
He said she's going down.
And she sucks watermelons.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless.
I'm here.
We've got food here now, sir.
Everybody forgot about Shimbler's list.
I have only one question if I can find a guy damn thing on here about this whole Shimbler's
listing.
Where is he going?
Yeah.
Eight minutes past noon, a QA.
If you want a great night's sleep tonight, you can go and waste a lot of money in a bedding or
departments to where you've got to pay for their big overhead and rent.
But if you want to get a mattress to smart way, do what I always do.
Call the people or give you the smart way to do it.
Dialo mattress.
Dialo mattress.
And welcome to the universe.
And welcome to the cinema.
How it looks like when you're in the middle of it.
You didn't like little Alex?
No.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
But his mom was kind of cute.
Here's the fact that says, I mean, this is pathetic.
I wish you could see this fact.
The first part of it should be a tip off.
But it goes on to say, after I had been to Amsterdam over 10 times, I found it small and boring.
Yeah, I got something small and boring for you.
And the Europeans just as close-minded and intolerant as Americans, they just smile at you and keep it to themselves.
I'll take it.
And last, what is the Civil War and WW2 going to end?
Thanks.
Yeah, this is a rather...
It must be in coherent Thursday and Friday.
That's what happened last today as we just got left out.
Thanks for bringing us into it.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
251 people on our poll today on NealRodgers.com.
How interested are you in the NFL draft?
If I hear the word draft again, I'll puke.
Say 78, that's 31%.
Some of them interested 67, not at all 65, and a lot, 41 or 16.3% and dropping down.
Here's a call in Kendra on the show.
He's an expert on me, et cetera, and so on.
Thank you very much, sir. Have a nice life.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, I don't have total content for the audience.
I have total content for assholes.
And if there are nice people out there, which we have a few, there are a fine in my book.
They don't have to be rocket scientists, just, you know, like nice.
So in other words, I'm too stupid.
I'm a limited, limited, too, I understand in movies.
So I guess I can't watch it, George.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Hi.
Okay.
You know what? I just thought I'd throw my two cents.
I got a story for you, but as far as Shinler Lisco, I kind of liked it, you know.
I don't know if George remembers a one little spot of color that they had in the home movie of the school.
Are you do remember?
Yes.
Okay.
It was a real spot. Maybe that's why he liked it.
Yeah. Well, you know, I thought it was a good movie overall.
I mean, you know, I'm not raving about it like I did, you know, start words.
But, hey.
What Dr. Jervago?
Listen, two comments.
One.
Slow, but comparison.
Dr. Jervago?
Oh, it's just a joke.
All right.
Well, listen, a couple of things.
One is a... I kind of had an accident today on my underwear and I, you know, wet it up and cleaned it up through the microwave to try to drive it off, because I'm here at the office, you know what I mean?
Let's go to a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
What was that all about?
My God. Well, listen, Neil, I'm going to extend up for George here.
Well, first of all, happy for George.
Well, it's better than bending down for George, but he better like that better.
Listen, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I think you should watch the movie, but I do agree that it's a show.
Why not? Am I not emotionally stable enough to watch it?
No, because if you don't want to watch it, you don't have to watch it.
I mean, I'm emotionally stable enough to watch passions a couple of times at NBC. I can sure handle Shinwo's list.
But you... Let me tell you something while other people don't like it. I mean, it's my opinion while other people don't like it.
Why is that?
Half of the assholes in this town wouldn't fit for three hours to watch any movie.
And those of us who are still in assholes that think rabble should have got them in a cabinet or ward.
Yeah.
All right. So that's my true sense.
That's a good, unhappy, 420.
Okay, thank you.
Uh-huh.
Thanks for your fourth call today.
Happy 420.
How long will you take, Bob?
How long are you going to take?
I'm going to take a party for 420, Bob.
That's 420.
What's that?
And that's a drug record.
Oh, it is?
How the hell would I know that?
Just always, always, always, always.
Yeah, Bob, it's fine.
Yeah.
What is it? What is it?
What is 420 now?
I don't know what that means.
What does it mean?
It's a drug reference.
Meaning what?
Yeah.
He's looking at me, but you don't want to say it and I'll read in the face.
What does it mean?
Getting purple in the face now.
What does it mean?
Let somebody else explain it.
Oh.
He says, let somebody else explain it, but my shipman did come in and I'll see you all on a weekend.
Whatever that means.
Yeah.
I have no idea what it means.
Good. That's good.
Don't do drugs, okay?
Don't do drugs.
Little pot, but don't do drugs.
But if you need some,
here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Can I have something that you've met?
Yeah.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
You know, while I was waiting, you mentioned some of my absolute favorite movies,
which would kind of like indicate that I think you'd like to do it, Shimmer.
I think.
I love the clockwork war.
Right.
But I want to ask you, do you think that Godfather was slow?
No.
Okay.
So I have to, I am a person who had to be dragged kicking and bringing in.
The only part, the only part of the Godfather that was slow was in the very beginning.
I love him, Edeka.
It was very dark and if there are people mumbling and talking in the theater,
you can't hear what they're saying because the audio is very low in parts and that, you know.
Uh-huh.
But other than that, the Godfather, once it got going, it sure wasn't slow.
Of course it was.
Well, that's what I want to tell you about what George said.
Yeah.
I had to be dragged kicking and screaming to see Shimmer's list.
I did not want to see it.
Yeah.
I thought I'd cry, you know, which I did through part of the movie.
But it was done so beautifully and I agree with George.
It was fast.
The Godfather said it was slow.
It was not slow.
And it caught my attention and I couldn't, I mean, to me it was the kind of, it was very riveting.
It was, I don't think anyone could have directed it like Steven Spielberg did and the performances were unbelievable.
And it was such a beautiful story.
If, if, if, um, it was a great story.
Forget what it was about and it was about something that was sad.
But the story and, and what Shimmer did and how he did it and the way people lived in that time, it was, I mean,
Neil, you don't have to see it.
I want to tell you, after I thought there are two chances of my singing.
None and much, much less.
After I saw it, okay, even though I was forced, after I saw it, I was happy that I did.
Uh-huh.
That's all I'm going to say.
And the Shawshank Redemption, excellent movie.
That I will watch.
Okay.
Thanks.
Bye.
Bye.
Happy 420.
Yeah, I'm going to start saying that to people and then they're going to think I'm a drug dealer like George.
Does Miguel know what that means?
Happy 420.
See, can't keep us straight face.
Can't keep us straight face.
He can't keep us straight face.
So he knows what it means.
Drugie.
They're doing drugs here, Greg.
They're doing drugs.
Of course, that's how it should be.
I'm using our wholesale department's doing them.
Just as P.D. L.A.
Look at George's purple in the face again.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello.
Hey, Alex, excuse me.
Yeah.
It's the international number for smoking pot.
My Scorpio friend.
Yeah.
It is.
Well, what was so?
Actually, the editor for High Time Magazine was on CNN News at 4 o'clock this morning talking about it.
Talking about it, saying what?
What is there to say about it?
I don't get it.
And have a great day.
See, that's what happens when you smoke too much pot.
You get like this last guy, okay?
Yeah, I'm going a little bit too fast for this guy, all right?
Pass the snacks.
5, 6, I mean, so what does that mean?
So what's the big deal with that?
See, this goes back again to a very juvenile approach.
To the whole thing, if he asked me, I could be wrong about that.
But I've noticed that the people of Crodden said that all sound like about eight years old going on six.
Probably some of your customers.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
What do you say in that?
What is it?
Why do you keep saying that?
Because it irritates you.
Oh.
And you get purple in the face every time I say it.
And because the salt and Tony, you got some good smit.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello.
And now we're fine.
What is it?
Yes sir.
It's speaking.
Nail.
Yeah.
Are my arms?
It sounds just like you.
Hey, how you doing?
Listen.
Very good.
Uh, Shenler's lift.
Just go to Shenler's fist.
And uh...
Oh, okay, great.
Ah, ah, ah.
Welcome.
Ah, ah.
Bottoms up, pal.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Pretty good.
Okay, I don't know the reasoning behind it, but 420 apparently,
some of you would ask anybody in the same line of thinking, you know,
what time is it?
Oh, it's 420, means it's time to go get high.
Ah, well, isn't that revolutionary?
Simple, basic, whatever.
You know what it sounds like to me?
It sounds like the same people have spent about four hours
at a pick in the seeds out of their weed, you know?
And now that we're talking about it, it'll change it to something else
because everybody's paranoid.
Which is nearly as much fun as picking the seeds out of your rectum, you know?
Have a good weekend.
And you too.
420, 420, it was underwrested.
He's got the code.
He cracked the code.
When he said crack.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and...
Welcome.
Verizon wireless line.
Another crack problem here in South Florida today.
Uh-huh.
420.
420.
Every time I give it a time, it's the same like, it's 1225, which it is.
I'll just say, it's 420 here on QAM.
Yeah, that'll get just a pot crowd out there.
And we already got him.
Grow up America.
Grow the hell up.
Can you do it?
No.
I didn't think so.
You know, almost times I've been Amsterdam.
I never heard anybody say 420.
Even when it was 420.
Because they don't have to there.
They just say, let's go smoked out.
Because they would probably say it's like...
Don't say 420 would be 1620.
They do military time there?
Yeah.
Don't you understand that this is the only...
This country in England.
Which England does use military time but on TV, they don't refer to it.
This is the only country in the world that uses like...
And well, you know, Canada.
And this is also the only country that doesn't use the metric system.
Metric system is the tool of the devil.
When you buy gas in Canada, it's by the leader.
Take me to your leader.
But anyway, that's the way it goes.
Because we got to be different, baby.
We got to see the way it's working.
You hear these calls today?
Uh-huh.
Working like a charm.
So anyway, it's 420 on QAM.
Can't you, Broward County, sound photos,
Premier Computer Training Facility,
Fast rate is expanded in a West Broward.
Oh, right.
You got a belt on the scene.
Make the girl scream.
If that's from the point of view.
If this is the only thing that's beautiful,
If it's far out of town.
If it's in the front of girls,
This girl is bound, never touch her behind.
It's 16.
Oh, this beautiful.
Okay.
And it's fine.
Oh, man.
It goes crazy when it's bad.
When the figure is better, yeah.
It's filled my hands.
It touched my chest.
What's wrong?
When it moves.
It ruined my best became by my dreams.
And into my life.
Oh, how it makes me feel fine.
It's 16.
Oh, beautiful.
And it's mine.
Hopefully, once we're just discussing here
during the Bracings for discovering all these new things today.
What is that trucker thing that they're always using?
All those CB radio guys, you know,
10 for good, buddy?
I still think it means meet you at the rest of old buddy.
There's what it was probably.
What's your 10-20?
What are they talking about?
So here's a fact that says it shows how out of loop by
and I thought happy 420 meant today's date.
And George had 45 calls saying the same thing.
But what's wrong with those people?
It is 420.
And since the rest of our drug addicts like you are,
we wouldn't know these things.
Don't you get addicts?
Why?
I'm just an efficient out of...
Just a peddler?
Here's a mobile in Miami Springs.
Hello?
Hey!
Yes, sir.
I think the police code for a marijuana bus.
Yeah.
420.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello.
New guy.
Speaking.
Yes, you're 420 originated in Humboldt County, California
back in the early 70s.
A group of seniors used to get out of classes
for me to 420 every day to choke up.
Really?
Yes, sir.
And keep up the good work, sir, and have a good day.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Bottoms up.
So we're in a little weed lesson here today.
So what time is the big smoking today?
420.
315.
I heard it's about 1235s when it's happened.
567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
This is in response to that guy from Stewart who said
you couldn't appreciate Schindler's list.
Yes, because I hate to have nothing but contempt for the audience
and everything, and him in particular.
Neil, I've been listening to you for almost 20 years.
I know your values, and I know you're also an
incontinent entertainer.
I know how you've championed a lot of causes that you don't talk
a lot about.
I know what you different norm can't.
I know your values.
You'd like the movie.
Uh-huh.
The problem is, the problem is that the thing the Chinners list
is about the Holocaust is like saying Moby Dick's about
chasing whales.
Yeah.
It's a movie about...
Well, Moby Dick's not about chasing whales, is it about...
Well, I'm not going to get into that.
Oh, okay, good.
But anyhow, look, it's about a totally amoral guy who suddenly gets in touch
with the fact that he has certain morals and certain convictions.
That's the movie.
It's real simple.
Schindler was totally amoral.
By the end of the movie, he has a strong moral code,
and the movie is about how that happened.
And I happen to think having listened to you for a number of years,
and knowing your values that you would find that interesting.
Okay.
End of call.
I'll think about it.
Thank you.
Five.
What do I think?
Am I going to watch it?
No.
I don't know.
I'll mull it over.
Do you say mull it?
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound, five, six, the only 18,
ten for eyes and wireless fine.
We're getting lunch from Ruth's Christ next week.
Hey, you like that?
Man, oh man.
I might actually come in for that.
Lunch from Ruth's Christ.
Mm-hmm.
No, it's still going to be sizzling by the time he gets here.
The meat will be sizzling.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, me, how are you?
Pretty good.
Well, you know, one of the reasons why I think people should watch Schindler's list,
and I'm taking it from a real personal standpoint,
I was one of those who I thought would have to be direct,
thinking and screaming to see it.
But after having a father who was in a world where it's true,
who was a 19-year-old Jewish kid out of Detroit,
who had to go into the camp, such as Bergen Belton and Wookenwald,
and had to free the people that were there who were remaining alive.
Spielberg did such an incredible job of portraying what it was like in the camps,
what these people went through.
He had seen pretty much, when you talk to the soldiers, such as my father,
was so accurate, including there was one scene which someone like George may remember at the end,
near the end of the film.
And people were walking up to a Russian commas tower with Honour,
and basically asking him, where do we go from here?
And my father who spoke Yiddish and German,
and the people understood the fact that here was this kid, first bucked private.
Everyone was walking up to him and asking him, where do we go from here?
And the man had no idea.
But the movie left such an impact on him and a few of the other soldiers
that really did such a very accurate portrayal.
And anybody who had family that was involved in one of the things about the Holocaust,
this really was the right film to say.
Yeah, but that's my point though.
I don't want to learn about the Holocaust.
I've seen all the documentaries, I've seen the ones that the footage did not be shot themselves.
I've seen Holocaust movies still are coming out of my ears.
Really not for someone.
Let's put it this way.
For someone even who, like yourself, my father was Jewish.
But for those, the kids who never saw this, the kids who need to learn that this damn thing actually happened.
That are still actually happening in some of the other countries with what happened in Kosovo.
It's a great historical document.
Okay. Well, I'm not saying that other people shouldn't see it.
I just don't think I, I just can't handle any more Holocaust movies.
All about the other people.
Really, I can't say I blame it.
It's a movie that, from my standpoint, I would say I could only see once and even then had a gun to walk out of a view.
It would be like watching Exodus, you know, Leon, Eurus, and Exodus.
While I'm out, I want to see that.
It was actually kind of a good movie, but I agree with you 100%.
Yeah, I'm not.
And I understand going to, like, totally understand.
It would be like my boy spending my time instead of in Europe and going to Israel, you know?
Yes, but you know what that's what I agree with you.
Okay, I'll see you on the Kaboots.
Take care of your.
Zagazone.
You just don't get it.
And the reason you don't get it is because you're not Jewish, because you haven't been seen all of it.
It's very, very interesting and disturbing and, uh, et cetera.
And yes, we should not forget any adi-adi-adi-adi-adi.
And the guy from Stuart that called it, you know, wants to turn into a personal attack with me.
See, all you have to do, the one thing I've learned, if nothing else about this show over these last eight million years,
all you have to do is say something that people don't agree with and that pisses them off because they don't agree.
And right away, that opens up the door they want to attack you personally.
Not just the possibility that they could be wrong or be there's room for a difference of opinion.
No, because you don't agree.
Therefore, you're an emotional cripple.
You don't have the intellectual capacity to enjoy it.
The suburb of Rochester, a grease couple has filed a $15.5 million civil lawsuit against Burger King Corporation and three employees accused of participating in a food tampering scheme.
Wait till you're this.
The lawsuit filed this weekend state Supreme Court claims that the world's second largest food chain, negligently operated its restaurant on the true way in Henrietta.
Three employees were accused last year of spitting or urinating on whoppers sandwiches, spraying them with oven cleaner or throwing them on the floor before serving them.
Gamalio Dominguez of the Northgate manor claims that he suffered severe gastrointestinal injuries after eating one of the contaminated whoppers.
You ever have a bad whopper in your place?
He's seeking $3.5 million in damages plus $10 million in punitive damages.
His wife Claire is asking for $1 million in damages and an additional $1 million in punitive damages because she fears that her husband's problems will affect her health.
It might rub off.
A representative from Burger King Corporation based in Miami could not be reached for a comment yesterday.
Also named and defended in the lawsuit as HMS host company in Albany Company that manages restaurants at true way arrest ops.
According to the lawsuit, Gamalio Dominguez remains sick and disabled and burdened by large hospital bills.
He will require additional therapy and treatment in the future lawsuit said.
The three employees who were fired after a colleague told a manager of the alleged food tampering were charged last May.
Prosecutors said they were accused of contaminating food at the restaurant from October 1999 to April of 2000.
Daniel P. Munson, 18th of Henry, had pleaded guilty to first degree tampering with a consumer product degree to cooperate with investigators.
Munson was yet to be sentenced to receive no less than six months in county jail or no more than one to three years in state prison.
Janet M. Deluca, Janet, a young lady, 18th of Scottsville was acquitted in January of a misdemeanor charge of secondary tampering with a consumer product after a trial and ran a time court.
Scott B. Savino, 20th of August, was scheduled to go out in London County Court next month.
Henry had a man face his felony charges the first time he was tampering with a consumer product and second to re-assault.
Oh!
Reminds me of T. Willard Faire in those stories from KAT, from those interviews many years ago when he bragged about spitting in the soup so he could even eat one to white man.
How do you like that?
You think we got like schwarches out there and some of these Haitians in the kitchen spitting in the soup in some of those restaurants?
You really believe that?
Yeah, I do.
Spitting and urinating in our food?
Hidden cameras everywhere.
Wow!
Sure makes me want to rush off for dinner this weekend?
Especially like the booker king.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Okay, nice talking to you too.
Mollum in Miami, hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Anybody that could watch Shinders list and not be thoroughly entertained has to have a lot of space between there.
Yeah, are you like in a barrel?
Had a barrel? No.
What was the big echo? Are you on a speaker phone?
It's me and I'm in my house.
Okay.
Also, I don't know.
These people are little...
This isn't a historical document about the Holocaust or how a man finds his morality.
It just shows how even in the deepest dark is tragedy you can find humor.
And maybe George remembers I won't give it away, but there was a scene where a...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
And he says, are you out of your mind? How could it be worse?
And I won't give it away what happens, but maybe George remembers.
And it was...
I know the line she says you could be working for Greg Reed.
Maybe that's it.
Yeah.
I mean, even I said when the movies there were even some teenage perhaps the kids in there,
even they thought it was a good movie.
You have to be a real idiot, a real upside idiot, not to enjoy that movie.
Okay.
All right. And then right after that watch Shasha, that's a great one too.
Okay, see you.
Right.
Okay, I guess I got my agenda for the rest of the year.
Oh, we can.
Matter of fact, skip Shasha.
Generate Burger King.
Ooh.
What?
Skip the Shasha because it was only moderately good when you compare it to like Shindler's List or something.
Now, plus Jason, no work here anymore anyway.
Right, so what do you see?
He won't be bugging me if it's a live bag.
Anybody that loons me a tape, are they ever going to get it back?
No.
No.
There's nothing worse than people loaning his stuff and then wanted back.
I mean, stuff like that.
If it was something about value, yeah, no problem.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
How interested are you in the NFL draft general at six votes?
Leading the way if I hear the word draft again, I'll puke 92 people said that.
Seems to be a really popular answer.
Uh-huh.
Someone interested 86, not at all 76, and a lot, 52, 16.9%.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to give you the explanation for 420.
Yeah.
It's also people code, which really let's go smoke.
Yeah.
Yeah, I want to give you a chance.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
Isn't this great?
Isn't this really good?
I'm going to have a good education about these punks.
Boring, boring, boring.
So I think that's the biggest difference between the so-called Mirowana culture in this country
and in places they're more enlightened, like in Holland, not that I want to bring that up again.
Because of the fact that there's not the criminal stigma attached to it there,
and that people can go into coffee shops and sit down and they have menus,
and you can order whatever you want to smoke, and a little hash, whatever.
And they don't approach it from a juvenile standpoint, just like sex.
They don't approach it from a juvenile standpoint.
But in America, because everything is the forbidden fruit,
there has to be like a lot of tittering and a lot of code,
and all of these things that go on around it.
Which continue keeping us in our preteen years, and our pre-adolescence.
North Miami Beach, hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
Hey, happy 420.
Yeah, sure.
Hey, I'm a, I just smoked a fatty at work.
Uh-huh.
And I got a nice rest of the day to work on here.
Hey, I just want to tell you, you're great, you're amazing.
And listen, where can I get one of the best of taste?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Marlos Line.
Here's the mobile and aventura, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how you doing?
Look, 420, that's today's date.
That's what it is.
Yeah, we know that.
Okay, well, that's what they mean.
Yeah, no, they don't.
And have you seen, hello?
Have I seen what?
Have you seen that, that crybaby killer,
who's making cycle crying on the TV because they say that they were.
670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Marlos Line.
So the vertus, I'm not watching Schindler's list.
I mean, you know, it's very, it's come out of good time.
Glad you brought it up.
That was excellent.
I didn't think I did.
There you did.
Somebody else did, not just Schindler.
Oh.
Well, whoever brought it up, thank you very much.
Betty, Betty, much.
Killed a lot of great time.
I brought up passions, which I think is much more entertaining,
probably not as quite as intellectual for that guy in the store.
It's more, it's more my speed, passions.
Because it's fun, and because of the factors and good-looking people in it.
Make it, you know, stuff like that.
And I thought I'm opposed to a good, you know, like a mind-blowing movie,
something that will make you think.
But not about you.
I don't want to see juice, though.
Don't you understand?
I'm hip.
Don't you get it?
Just.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
Speaking.
Yes.
First time, long nine.
Uh-huh.
Hey, I'm going to give you the low down on 420.
Probably here's the Latin.
This is the final, final.
Yeah, and this is just five or one on 420.
Yeah, here it is.
You ready?
Yeah.
It's marijuana use in progress in California.
That's the police scanner sign for it.
And everyone around in California is with a smoking prod.
That's their international call time.
But it's just the mirror of the police scanner.
Oh, it is.
Okay, it sounds pretty boring to me.
Yeah, it's pretty much it.
I mean, a bunch of pie-dads up there.
Okay, thanks.
Like picking the seeds, like I said.
Sifting, picking, twizzing, getting out of there.
Some of how, man.
Yeah.
No comment.
Here's the mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Hey, how are you now?
Hey, George, George, I'll have the seeds out before you buy his crap.
Okay, this weekend.
No way.
George, if the seeds out ahead of that yourself.
Now, how the hell they do, that's how it's old and said.
Mobile and four-lotterdale, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Hey, this caller that called in a little while ago,
telling you that anybody that doesn't like shinlers
has the face between their ears.
How do you know what you like and what you're going like?
Exactly.
It's like, if I like a vanilla ice cream,
I mean, who the hell am I to say that you should like a chocolate ripple
by different strokes for different folks?
Yeah, I know what you mean.
You know, and everybody was going to like the same movie
that would only come out with one movie at a time instead of like, you know,
15 new movies every weekend.
There would only be one.
Right.
Another thing I like is these people that call up and say,
how much they hate your show, but they say something to it.
Oh, yeah.
I saw the perfect cartoon I should back to to you.
It showed like a blonde and dag would drive it down the road in the car.
And then say into her, he says, I hate this talk show host.
He's such a loud mouth.
And then the next box, he says,
well, why don't you change the station and get the music?
And then the next box, he's going to be quiet.
He's coming back on.
Right, exactly.
Perfect.
Okay, you have a good weekend.
You too, pal, thanks.
Yeah, that was excellent.
That's the definitive jackass out there.
Oh, we can't stand him.
He's disgusting, and he's an atheist, and he's a fag.
Yeah.
And they continue every single day.
They can even tell you what my fart smell like.
Oh, yeah.
And the 11 o'clock hours like a blueberry aroma, yeah.
Which is amazing because I haven't had blueberries in a long time,
but I do like blueberries.
Maybe it was that blueberry in a while that I had last Thursday.
I still be lingering.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 3.
I said lingering, not fingering.
It pounded 5, 6, the only AT&T.
And for eyes and wireless line, 420.
420.
420.
420.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Neil.
Will they ever grow up, sir?
No, the answer is no.
Yes.
Good afternoon.
When is the year?
I've been a listener for about 10 years.
Uh-huh.
And with all of the talent that you have,
the heavy issue here is entertainment.
And I just wondered, you know, you have such impeccable taste
and rock and roll.
Uh-huh.
And frequently criticized bisjakis that are on the air.
And I, by the way, agree with those criticisms.
But how do they fly?
Disjakis?
Well, whatever they are.
You know, it's a shame you can't take like 30 minutes out of a program
and just play some music that you like.
No.
No.
We have no audience.
Well, first of all, first of all, it's not a music show.
Secondly, we're on AM and music sounds terrible on AM.
And thirdly, when you get your own show, do whatever you want.
See, if you want to waste your time calling me, tell me,
what I should be doing, what I should be talking about,
what I should say, how to do the show,
yaddy-addy-addy-addy, even this guy who's doing it, you know,
starts out by sucking up by a gratuitous suck up
and then says, you know, why don't you do that?
Because I'd be off the air, I'd be out of business.
That's why.
Just like Sam, well why don't you go back and do those great guests
and those great topics you used to do years ago.
Now, see, you don't understand.
That's why I stopped doing it.
That's why I'm here today.
That's why I'm not out peddling spots at Dollar-Lahauer
and we're in a, you know, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a
A, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a a, a, a, a, a, a, a, with which the
house was laid cool, a, a, a, a, if not the building was built this morning, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
And go out, that's the end, that's the end, go out.
Squirt, Squirt.
It's 102 and 560. By the way, we got the facts already. Okay, we got it yesterday about Greg VDell is back on life.
You know Greg VDell? He's an asshole.
Yeah, not that everybody doesn't like it Greg, but do we wish him all the success in the world?
No.
No. You know, a lot of us, he keep coming back here. Doesn't he understand that people here hate him like poison doesn't he get that?
No.
So anyway, I heard this great story about Greg VDell from Phil the Bug Man.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
I bet you this is, oh this is something different.
Good, thank God. We already got the facts about Greg VDell and nobody cares, okay?
That he's playing lifeless music on life on FM in the morning.
Just like nobody cared when he was on Waxi and nobody cared when he was out of love 94
and nobody cared in the first place. They hate you Greg.
In fact, this is really gonna shock you, but...
Greg H2.
Two, how do you like that? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, look in the mirror.
Greg H2.
Here's a mobile and coke on a creek. Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I heard you talking about Shawshank before.
Did they... is it because you never saw it?
I beg your pardon?
It is because you never saw Shawshank.
It is what because? I said I just have a team.
Oh, George said for you to skip it as opposed to Shindler.
No, Jason, who used to work here in the sports,
he loaned me the Shawshank tape like two years ago.
And I just never got it at home. I never got around to watch it.
Oh, it's got the best moments of prison sex.
All pass on that.
Fun, yeah.
But it's fun prison sex because...
Well, if it's fun for you, go have a good time, okay?
Call a cops, get that guy.
It's fun prison sex.
Is there any other kind?
Here's Pompano, hello.
Greg Budell, back on life.
I thought a few weeks ago he was just bragging how he's doing so great
as being some executive running some company someplace.
Yeah, that's right. Remember when he called and then went on the self to be a part of my company?
Did you want to do a radio again?
Right. You know, we...
Doesn't want to get back into it.
There's a word for Greg Budell.
Well, it's called loser.
Perfect.
Well, life suits him perfect.
Yeah, lifeless.
Playing slush.
Hey, speaking of radio reports, I was talking to a...
I heard even Karen Coppeter don't want to do with him.
Exactly.
And even Don King.
Ron and Felgy are on any W in New York.
Yeah.
I can't...
I'm maybe talking a few weeks ago.
You playing there in a spot with another spot.
But they're a little bit of an active type of...
Yeah.
Contra-Hombs on the air, but...
Anyway, they're...
They made it in New York.
Ron and Felgy.
Excellent.
They're so embarrassing.
Look at true.
Yeah.
You know, it'll fenty.
And, uh, you know, before I go, you know, it's true of this drafting.
Every station you've been on, when you're on IOD and before, when the only sports geek's got to follow this,
and it's every freaking April, the whole weekend, who's picking number 96.
And it's like, who gives a rap thing?
Yeah, that's something...
Well, let me put it to this way.
The NHL draft, okay, that's coming up in June, which is going to be here this year.
Yeah.
Now, when the Leafs get their pick...
I'll pay attention to you, who they got.
Whatever.
And after that, I'll go back to whatever passion you're on.
I'll go back to whatever...
And, you know, sometimes when you're watching or whatever, you're...
Just throughout the day, you're flipping through, and...
And there are these same people...
They're sitting there, like it's...
Like it's like the...
Covering the rules.
Yeah.
Yeah, like this is a really important draft.
And Eric Kumero, remember that?
Yeah, Joseph Gackie's saying,
and Eric Kumero is going to suit up for that offense.
Anybody seen him lately?
No, no.
And what was the...
John, I mean, all these guys are locked.
They only make it to the first down, and they get...
Who cares?
Yeah.
And I was just drawn by P.P. Park.
Well, I thought they were bankrupt.
Why do they keep calling a pro player?
And it's nine bucks to park there.
More than the Marlon Tickets.
No wonder why nobody goes there.
The interesting thing of it is, pro player is bankrupt, but I don't think they got any...
But any other sucker yet who wants to pay for the naming rights?
Well, if I had a company, I was back of it.
Would you still let me...
Yeah, but then...
It doesn't fit in perfect for a player, but like...
Yeah, I can't.
5,000 people are coming.
Okay, have a great day.
A little bit too hysterical for me, you know what I'm saying?
A little bit too worked up because I'm trying to say a thing, you know...
Maybe they can't hear me.
Is that possible?
What?
For word 20.
You got changed for 20?
Four fives.
5,6,7,0,5,60.
On the AT&T and Verizon line.
Miami, hello.
Hold down!
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Made it through the week.
Thank God.
Neil God.
All right, hey, you're going to enjoy this.
Remember your old friend, Johnny Depp?
Yeah.
All right, he has in an interview, I was just reading.
I wanted you to hear this.
I'm probably already read it on a year, a couple of days ago,
about how he is a fierce for this country is too dangerous.
That's why they live in France.
Right.
One thing here is, random violence,
random ignorance, gluttony, greed, ambition,
and TV shows where people have an opportunity
to become millionaires in 15 minutes makes me have a reason to leave.
Right.
And I just thought that was a very well thought.
He turned out he's not so dumb as we thought after all.
Just as he used to live in his car.
That's right.
Well, hey, man, have a great weekend and always enjoy your show.
Four 20.
Thanks.
See you.
Now, what are you laughing about in there?
Oh, by the way, George says he's got the apples of the planet
that is wicking.
Just line up at his door.
I wish.
Lots of eggnog.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marles line.
Don't you know what it's like?
What is like?
Why do you think on this big dealer?
Nobody's a dealer.
I am.
When did I ever say you were a dealer?
You were lying that.
You're implying that I'm a dealer that I'm...
You don't.
So what I'd rather it would be more fun to say you're like a little nickel and dime?
And it's more fun that way.
Like, okay.
To make it sound like you've got some big drug enterprise going on.
Every once in a while you run into some desparado that just doesn't know anybody else.
Like Zoltan, right?
In our sales department, for example, who's desperate and like a once a year or something like that.
Or Dan Storren, how's he doing?
Oh, we're fine.
Whoever's got that's who you get from.
By the way, if you know what's tough, fast Josh Moral showed up in here.
Remember he said he was going to be sitting in that chair?
Yeah.
Josh Moral from the young in the horny.
Did he ever show up?
No.
No.
Did he want to be outed by Dan Storren?
No.
So cut it out, Dan.
Okay.
And by the way, George Storren wants his 50 bucks.
Yeah.
For that sh**t.
Shipman.
Eight minutes after one at five, 60 WQM is your career conditioning running as cool as it should
be.
Well, if it isn't now, what's going to happen to summer when it's 145 in a shade?
Do the smart thing.
I'm doing the smart thing right now.
I got Reggie down there working his little brain job.
Working on it.
And the, not my AC, but he's working on the world change.
That's right.
Because he can do all of these things.
And instead of you wasting your day or maybe even half of the day sitting in a stupid repair
shop reading the reader's digest to someone you read 20 years ago, while you're living your
life while you're at work, while you're on a golf course while you're at home, while you're
getting laid, whatever you're doing, Reggie will come right to you.
And they can give you a quick shot of free-on in your car and get that AC perina or you can
also with the book, the book, where we should blow it on.
Oh, yeah.
Daddy's at nose.
Give this for us for for a bit.
Peter Travers of Rolling Stones.
Does anyone smell Oscar?
He blows tonight and you'll crave for more.
Johnny Deppin.
Thank you.
114-18-560-W2-3.
Somebody sends me a recipe now for a rasta pasta Alfredo Feta Cheney.
What do you say to that?
All right.
420.
Where will I rasta pasta be ready?
420.
So wait until you hear this rumor, George.
Here's the latest rumor out of Clear Channel from our fan of Informer.
Big 106 is going FM Talk.
Oh!
Rumor lineup is Howard in the morning.
Monsters of the midday from Real Radio in Orlando in midday.
Are we in trouble now or what?
Yeah.
Have you heard them?
No.
Oh.
I heard about them.
Jim Phillips from Real Radio Orlando in the afternoon.
Phil Henry at night and Costa Costa am with Art Bell overnight.
What a line.
Huh?
Where are we nervous now, huh?
The Monsters of the midday.
What's up?
Be afraid.
Yeah.
Be very afraid.
What time is your show on?
420.
Here's the mobile in 4 Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, first time caller.
Walter Lissorner.
I don't know if anybody brought it up in the Comedy Channel Wednesday.
I think it's 10.30.
And this last week, but this week I thought and I was on the floor.
Yeah.
It's called, um, that's my bush.
And it's about, you know, Mr. Bush, the Bush, oh.
Mm-hmm.
And he's, they makes fun of him.
It's hilarious.
My wife is very uptight.
She hates you like, boozing.
Good.
And I tell you, she was on the floor.
So I don't know.
It must have some humor in it.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks for the good news.
Good luck.
Good luck.
Well, I think I can't wait.
Comedy Central's late attempt to talk about the president.
Tonight, that's my bush.
Born and lost a president.
You have a seat.
You have a seat.
What we're trying to do here is parody a sit-up.
Problem is, the only thing that's funny about it is the title.
We're happy with that though.
It's still funnier than friends.
We're playing it safe tonight.
Oh, and comedy Central.
Okay.
So there you go.
Asking you got it.
1.16 at 5.60 WQM, which is just three hours and four minutes before 4.20.
Where we going next to a mobile and Cooper City?
Hello.
Hey, how's it going now?
Pretty good, sir.
I just want to know if you have any plans to go see that movie, Freddie got fingered.
Freddie got fingered.
I heard about it.
It's not a pretty interesting.
He said it felt like a finger.
It got better reviews.
I know you like Tom Green.
I just want to know if you're going to go.
Tom Green, since he was on the Canadian Comedy Central thing, he's MTV's destroyed him.
Yeah, he's got a little bit commercial.
Yeah.
Well, I might pick it out.
I don't know.
My nephew, I've finished watching Shindler's list.
Have a great day, pal.
40-420.
Okay.
Oh, look at this.
Here's a, what's that?
What is that?
Look at that strange weed that they faxed me.
It doesn't come across.
We've got a fax machine, okay?
It's much better like a little baggy.
Or a big baggy.
Or a big baggy.
Or looking at one of those big plastic garbage bags.
You know, the two of these.
Yeah, one of those hefty 20 pounds since sack is good.
That's how I always bring it back from Amstu, damn.
It's a cinch.
Here's a mobile in Pember of Pine.
Hello?
Hello, hello, that.
Good one.
Okay, thanks a lot.
That was Greg B. Dell.
You know what?
You know what?
I made him snap when I told him that.
Greg H.
That's what we'll put him over the edge.
Come on, Greg.
Go back to Chicago or somewhere, okay?
Or they like you.
Well, where they might like you.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, you know, how we're doing today?
All right.
Good.
And honor this wonderful 420 day.
I'm on stuff and celebrating.
And I'd like you to, I know you go over to Amsterdam quite a bit.
Just tell me some more of the finer points of Amsterdam.
Finder points?
What about us, that man?
Well, what, uh, give me a reason to go over there.
What's over there for me to go see?
Drug, sex.
Good stuff.
Yeah.
All right, Neil.
Anything else?
Anything else?
No, just one or nothing.
I mean, here there's culture that the Anne Frank House.
All these people that are talking about Shinler's list,
they probably spend a lot of time in the Anne Frank House.
So, about time in the coffee house?
Yeah, in the coffee house in the Anne Frank House.
Okay, I have a good time there, sir.
See you on the dam rack.
Not...
Come on, let's go.
Let's go have the QAM Tour of concentration camps this summer.
What did you say?
You buy in?
Yeah.
Sure.
I'm starting to draw how.
Work our way over to Auschwitz.
Or Auschwitz.
Here's Kendall.
Yes, I'd like to find out about getting some liposuction.
Yeah, I think suction was the word for your call, sir.
Really, Sam.
So sad.
Some of them try and so hard.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It is so high.
Yeah.
Here's a mubbelin, Kendall.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I'm reading last Friday.
And last Friday, I realized something.
It was good Friday, right?
Yeah.
Well, almost all the courthouses down here were closed.
What the hell happened to separation of church and state?
Meaning what does that mean?
Meaning why would the courthouses be closed on good Friday or religious holiday?
For the same reason that they would be closed on any other illegal holiday.
But it's not illegal holiday.
It's not a federal holiday.
It's a religious thing.
Well, like I said, there are too many goyems.
That's a problem.
Okay.
And that is your question, sir.
Too many goyems.
Yes, it's it.
By the way, George is great.
Okay.
Yeah.
You're straight.
Here's pompino.
Hello.
Reverend Jones is in my trunk.
Good.
Keep them there.
Now, I was an interesting segue, wasn't it?
Here's homestead.
Hello.
Any other going?
Great.
You said that's a little too fast, yeah?
So I'm going to crossroad down today.
You called yesterday and you're calling me again today?
Neo Medios, lleg la hora desde la zona hasta las dos loginios.
Okay, thank you.
I just wanted to repeat that a little bit slower.
Are we going to be playing that?
No.
What you might, we might have stick that on there for the one to two hours.
You need to say it with a little bit more.
Yeah, you have to say it with like a little personality, sir.
Call me on Monday, you know.
Keep working on it.
I'll accept that.
Yeah, we're kind of with some of our passion, okay?
Or just have Miguel call me from the closet on passions.
As soon as he gets that grip loosened up on him.
I'll tell you one thing.
If I had that Miguel is, you know, around the waist, his tightest that's the gremlin or whatever that thing is,
that grotesque, I wouldn't let go either.
Guaranteed.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Veil.
Yes, sir.
I didn't get a chance to call you on the religious thing.
I'm a center.
And I believe in God.
And you're a center also, correct?
I'm a center.
You, well, you're from the homo, the homo sexual.
Oh, yeah, then I must be, yeah.
Okay.
Well, I just hope that if I meet you,
and God's wrath and fire, that you're pretty far away from me.
Okay.
So I don't get to sing.
I don't have to.
I'll wave to you.
Okay.
5607, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless.
I'll blow you a kiss.
And believe me, that's, well, here's for a lottery deal.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
Good.
So, big 106 is going to...
I'll talk, baby.
That's the rumor that I just got right off the facts machine.
What are they going to call it?
Real bad radio?
Yeah.
I don't know.
It didn't fill it.
Okay.
They replaced Mugwom for the midday with you, and that might be okay.
Okay.
Sounds good to me.
Right.
That's all I got, Neil.
Are you taking any requests?
Yeah.
Back in the good old days that I would be used to play a car commercial, Uranus.
Yeah.
What that was it called?
210 years ago this March.
Astronomer William Hurts.
I'll punch Uranus.
Dependability.
No one has ever got stuck in Uranus.
Take the punch of the Uranus.
Raise your pen over and rise your Uranus.
And if you like a car that holds the road, you couldn't wipe out Uranus if you tried.
Uranus.
Powerful.
Yet great with gas.
Need trunk space?
Rest assured you can pack anything in Uranus.
And if Uranus is rear-ended, our well-lover-kitted joints will soften the blood.
Come to our showroom and pick out Uranus.
And leave that messy paperwork to us.
Check out Uranus.
Take the dive, light grey blue game.
Bend over and rise your Uranus.
Very little bonus cut, therefore, because I'm not really sure which one he wanted.
And it's bonus Friday, huh?
Sure.
Two Robbins were sitting in a tree.
I'm really hungry, said the first Robin.
Me too said the second Robin.
Let's fly down and find some lunch.
They flew down to the ground and found a nice area of newly plowed ground that was full of worms.
They ate and ate till they could eat no more.
I'm so full, I don't think I can fly back up out of the tree, said the first Robin.
Me either.
Let's just lay back here and bask in nice warm sun.
Okay, said the first Robin.
So they plopped down, basking in the sun.
No sooner than they had fallen asleep, but a big fat cat, a Tomcat snuck up and gobbled in both up.
As the cat said, washing his face after his meal he thought,
I just love basking Robbins.
That's not bad.
I give it at least a one and a half on a scale of 10.
Not too bad.
And we do love basking Robbins.
We have to get over there this weekend.
What are you saying?
Eric, you're my good buddy for some free ice cream.
And I don't know whose faxing me all of these emails is Eric faxing me these?
It must be.
What numbers at the top?
Eric's number?
There isn't any number at the top.
Eric's always says Univerica.
But this is getting so ponderous, it's bad enough that, oh man,
about Phil and his producer and about this one and that one and all this Yentha stuff,
all this juvenile stuff.
All I can say is a 420 baby.
Get out of here.
Crap.
So Phil's on Weight Watchers?
5607 0560, pound 560 on the 18th of Verizon line.
What's he up to now?
Like 387?
Uh-huh.
420.
Oh, let me tell you, Phil's weight is 420.
Oh my God.
Are you sure?
Well, if you'd stop leaning into the right little bit, then you got that needle settle in.
Man.
The monsters of the midday.
Oh man, I just can't wait.
Maybe they can bring Ron and Robbie.
Oh, that's basically what it is.
See, when you have three companies that own every radio station in America,
the same recycled people.
Move them over here.
Move them over here.
Just like taking a deck of cards and shuffling them back and forth and in and out.
Kind of like from the peak boulder school of shuffling the same old tired worn out calendar rod.
Terminal.
Ponderous.
Eric says it wasn't him.
Oh, thanks, Eric.
I knew you wouldn't do that to me.
363 votes on our poll today.
How interested are you in the NFL draft, huh?
How interested are you?
Leading the pack so far is, if I hear the word draft again, I'll puke.
109, 30%.
Someone interested 98.
Not at all 94.
And a lot.
Third day, if the high alia turf cup.
On Sunday, bring the kids out for rides and family farms.
What a weekend.
Post time, 115.
All that beautiful, high alia park.
Be there.
All right.
I'm just calling to stay home.
Yeah?
Hello?
Hold on, my boss is walking by your man.
Are you sneaking this call in?
I'm trying to bike.
Oh, here.
Take the cold water.
We'll use two chill sticks.
I'll sports radio.
516, QAO.
Why the, you bastard.
So next decided instead of closing that 4-hour Saturday,
you might stay open until like maybe about.
We're down in Jamaica and I count up.
Take out the best herb that you ever seen.
415.
Ask anybody in that table.
He tell you this different tree where the gun's a bit good.
Ask a man as some he want to sell.
And from my myelo way, you can detect the smell of smoke.
Smoke guns, a smoke, smoke.
He lights up this flip and smoke.
Smoke guns, a smoke, smoke, a whine.
Smoke guns, a smoke, smoke.
A gun's a bit good.
There's difference between oral sex and anal sex.
oral sex makes you day ill.
Stary lab, a herb, indigunny, sack.
Smoke it every day until your longstone black.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American food is coming here and say.
Can nothing like this in the US say they smoke.
Smoke guns, a smoke, smoke.
They light up this flip and smoke.
They begin to cough and choke.
Smoke guns, a smoke, smoke.
The gun's a bit good.
Mama tell the son you are an astounding man.
You like to smoke the giant stiff whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
To fight the herb for you, fight the ounce and the palm.
I'm a raster man, say to her, mama you're right.
They gun to be good tonight.
And then they smoke.
They smoke, they smoke, they smoke.
They light up this flip and smoke.
They smoke, guns, a smoke, smoke.
They smoke, guns, a smoke, smoke.
They smoke, guns, a smoke, smoke.
They're gun to be good.
Oh right, come on.
133-560 WQM.
I'm hanged from New York and two today with the big draft.
I have to wipe their say draft.
No.
Show.
And then six o'clock he got the Schoah Khromardi.
Six thirty the Sensor Madagmarlins on deck.
Marlins in the Expo 705 from PP Park.
Maybe get more than 5,000 people there.
5 or 6.
And then 80K after the baseball game.
Question, what's the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
Answer.
Oral sex makes you day.
Anal sex makes you whole week.
Oprah Winfrey went to the gynecologist.
The doctor told her to take off all her clothes.
They didn't instruct her to get on your hands and ease and go over to that side of the room.
Now go over here and continue to okay.
Now crawl over to that corner.
Be wilder to Oprah asked,
Doctor, what does this have to do with my checkup?
Nothing he replied.
I'm just trying to figure out where I should put my new black leather couch.
5,6705,60, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlins line.
See, some of these almost make it worth coming in today.
Here's Carl Gables. Hello.
Neil, you cracked me up. You are the greatest.
Yes, I am.
Got an interesting thing.
What I really was laughing about, I was driving around and you were talking about the movies.
You talked about Springtime for Hitler.
Uh-huh.
Mel Brooks is making the producers into a Broadway musical.
And he's having Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick starring in...
I saw some piece on it, if you'd like to see an end.
Yeah, it should be interesting.
Got another question for you.
Yes, sir.
Um, and it's a serious question.
Okay.
I know, uh, Bush and Cheney and O'Neill, they're oiled and everything.
And I know when they took over, they were supposed to, uh, have put all their assets in, in like frozen accounts.
And you're looking at the office.
Are they going to, aren't they going to benefit from all of this stuff like drilling for oil off the West Coast of Florida?
Somehow, aren't they going to get some money out of this?
Let me just tell you this.
When you go to the gas pump today, look at the price and then, uh, ask yourself if you have the answer.
It's a conspiracy, Neil.
Have a great day, pal.
Bye.
Bottoms up.
Yeah, get those oil people in there.
Some of those criminals in there and then, uh, look what's going on.
Let me say it again.
Read the column, Robert Reno from News Day on the op-ed page in the heraldous morning.
Presidential arsenic.
And you idiots out there that voted for Ralph Nader, who was the one that made was really the sighting of, uh, thing in the election, including here in Florida.
Let's see how you feel this weekend about yourselves, huh?
Yeah, that would be a good idea.
Russian roulette.
Holy loaded.
Idiots.
How's that fan belt, Mike Corvera coming, Ralph?
Here's a mobile and loaded a link.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
I'm still laughing from that over when for you thing.
That's a good one.
Yeah, and the best part of it is I do have a black leather couch.
See, you see, all right.
It's good.
Listen, I saw the Benny Hinting the other day for the first time.
Right.
And, uh, I was a bit disappointed because it didn't seem to nail him to the wall like I would have liked to see.
Believe it or not, your buddy Larry King asked him some harder questions than that Englishman did on that test.
He looked a lot more foolish on Larry King than I was.
I never saw that.
I've seen him on Larry King a couple of times.
You know, we stuck his ass.
Well, he had some tough questions.
Yeah, come on.
Larry had the tough question.
Let's go.
That's the only show the other night Benny Hinting basically said, you know, he said, don't you think that the people, you know, it's all in their mind?
Oh, yeah, I've often thought that.
I mean, he was pretty poignant on, on, on.
But he's, he's, don't you understand?
He's laughing at you when he says that he said the same thing on this show.
Like, oh, I've often wondered about that myself.
Like, you know, what an hell of a bike here.
I got a good scandal in here.
I tell him exactly how do you know fill out the credit card slip and, uh, it's the out of my way, you know.
That's true.
The website, by the way, you know, your website.
Um, the outcome of the archives aren't updated anymore.
Is there a problem or something?
We have this temporary thing while the, uh, this dispute is going on about the commercials.
It's not us. It's the whole country.
So as soon as they get that resolved, it'll be all straightened out.
Oh, that could be, that could be forever, right?
No, it'll, uh, they'll straighten it out.
I'll keep checking it.
Okay.
And one more thing.
My friend is a real, a real door.
Because, they, it's Casey.
I'm trying to have him as your new listener.
I'm trying to get him into you.
And I asked him over the weekend.
I said, this week I said, now this weekend, I got these five chicks that want to go meet
at the beach and he said he didn't want to go.
I said, uh, I got this concert that is during the day on Saturday.
He said, I don't want to go.
I said, you want to go out on the boat?
He said, no.
He wants to sit at home and fake and watch the draft.
And I just thought, you know, he needs a life badly.
Bacon wants to draft.
I see a definite parallel there.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, by the way, one more thing.
Yeah.
Can you play it John Rackert thing for?
Have a great day, Pat.
Thanks, thanks.
It's probably Bacon Brownies.
Maybe he's a Brownie, huh?
I hope there is a special place in hell for people who try and enrich themselves on the suffering of others.
To tantalize, to blind, to lame, to dying, to be afflicted, to terminally yell.
To dangle hope before parents of a severely afflicted child is an indescribably cruel thing to do.
I got the tickets.
Let's act in the shadow of my hand until the naked you will lay me out.
I'm older, say, but baby, I can do anything I want to do.
I have a soul to swallow, and I'm going to make a soul to you, I'm giving that soul, I'm a crappcho, and a formula that's got the boredom.
I've got the power to hold in control.
Whoa, who are you?
I'm at you.
I have a way to get your own show at the station down in Hollywood.
And I don't care if you're totally alone, and it's as long as you can stroke people.
I'm older, say, but baby, and you'll do anything I want to do to you.
I'm your consultant woman, say your name to not deny your do.
I'm your Napoleon, I am your partner, that's why I'm a consultant, because I'm just an ass.
Oh, yeah.
I had one in my mouth once.
144-560 W.Q.M. Eric Desfax me this, it says all access and congratulations to Sabo, media president of Walter Sabo and Kathleen McMeeneman on their marriage in New York on Saturday for 21.
Tomorrow, not 420, but tomorrow 421.
So all we can say about Walter Sabo is...
Yeah, the life, you know.
Yeah.
Well, I could say a lot more.
560-560-560 on the AT, I could also say...
He's an asshole.
Without risk of any argument from anyone.
Here's a mobile in North Lauderdale.
Hello.
Oh, that's a little hour.
Uh-oh.
Really?
A mobile.
Here's Davey, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
Hi, for a time, Carla, a little listener.
All right.
One that's...
I was in the car earlier today, listen to you then, I haven't been out in about an hour.
On that 420, everyone to realize it's today's date.
Yeah, we know that.
Oh, you know that, I didn't know that.
Yeah, if I want to try to get into coll
you know.
Okay, thanks.
Anyway, I'll enjoy the show.
And tomorrow, be 421.
Absolutely.
And Sunday 422.
And take to a call this in the morning.
560-70560, pound five.
I feel like Randfield now, you know.
I'm going to start eating flies.
That's right, I'm going to start attacking flies.
Here's Coral Springs, huh?
Here's still two.
You're still boring.
Mobile in Miami, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Neil, I'll be 420.
Yeah.
Question.
Uh-huh.
There was a song that you guys used to play by, I'll ask more stat, was it in the chronic?
What is it?
Isn't it the chronic?
Isn't it the chronic?
I haven't heard it in years.
You got to have that for a 420?
No.
No, you guys are having a war?
I think somebody scolded.
I think so.
How does it sound like this?
A young man turns 28.
All right.
For the sweetest bag, I'll go on the next day.
It's too many seeds.
In your dime bag, getting to the party, to minutes to late.
Isn't it the chronic?
Yes.
Don't you think?
It's my day.
When it's my fault, you break the free bag.
When you're already safe, the good will.
That's the past day that you gave.
Who are those you get it?
Hard-browning, that you already ate.
I know.
Don't it, son?
A lot of you break.
It's like 10,000 joys when all you need is a light.
It's like having the feel of your dreams.
And then finding out you got hands of light.
And this is me, it's the chronic.
Don't you think?
A little too much chronic.
Yeah, I really think.
It's my day.
When it's my fault, you break the free bag.
When you're already safe, the good will.
That's the past day that you gave.
Who are those you get it?
Don't forget to vote on our full question today.
Can't ask my smart joke, Bernard Cal, Marvin Cal, or Andy Cal.
12 before 2 at 5, 60, QM.
Speaking of big ball spots, how about that Chuck Alfie area?
How is he still doing it?
You bet he is.
Well, over 25 years Charles has been around making guys look fantastic.
He's been performing a miracle on your head.
Trust me when I tell you.
Nobody else in the world can make you look younger and better than Charlie.
That's why even the best and most of the most you look at must-grat wigs and the holes in the head and the oily on the head.
Charlie's got his new skin-like hair system that looks so great and so natural.
It's 100% undetectable because it looks like the hair's run out of your scalp, like the real thing, like the amus.
And you have absolutely nothing to lose but the ball's spot, guys, because here's how the deal works.
You tried Charlie's hair system for 30 days.
If you don't absolutely love it, if you're not enamored with the way it looks, the way it feels, and the way it smells, and all of these things return it for a full refund.
So like I keep telling you, you have absolutely nothing to lose but that big ugly ball spot.
The regular price of the natural hair line system, $800, if you call Charlie and tell him that he arrives to the toilet to make that call.
He'll knock 200 bucks off of that cost. For just 600 bucks, you can look pretty damn good.
1-800-321-2413, that'd be the number to call.
1-800-321-2413, or all you internet users can get more information on Charlie's website, www.CharlesAlphiore.com.
This is 560-UAL.
$640-4985, total. Let's start with the proof.
Cut it to the toilet.
Hey, Marty, you're busy over there, pal?
Well, yeah, you're definitely not busy selling the all new redesign.
2002 Explorer is, are you, Marty?
Very fun.
Because you don't have them, right, Marty?
What's the floor?
Plantation boards got over 40 new 2002 Explorer's, Marty.
Over 40, plantation floor.
And tons of expeditions for $349 a month.
So we got them for $399, would last out.
Yeah, I'm Marty. Plantation.
We're here in New Orleans, the place of UG test and despise the most.
And rightfully so.
And probably rightfully so.
We love it. We love it here. I'm half from New York, half from Miami, 15-year-listener.
And every day listener on the internet and the Lord.
Oh, right. Right.
Hallelujah.
Disturb that you hate New Orleans because it's such a great place.
If you really knew the place, I think you'd love it.
No, I don't want to know. I'll take you word for it.
Let me tell you the difference on New Orleans.
What we do here is instead of we celebrate decay instead of trying to run away from it.
That's why they're discussing garbage dirt and decay.
You see here, it's all my attention.
We realize you can't stop decaying process and individual people in cities.
So instead of trying to hide it, we celebrate it.
All right. We love it.
Okay, well enjoy it. Have a great weekend. I guess that was it.
And I was it. Like I said, have a great time. Don't worry about me coming in and spoiling your fun because I won't be there.
Here's a mobile in Pember Pines. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes.
Happy holiday.
And back to you.
I think I got a poll you can use next week.
Uh-huh. It's between my legs.
Uh-huh. Yeah. Well, guess what?
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil, can I get a bond?
Come on, George. There you go.
Call us back around 420.
Lady mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello. Yes, ma'am.
Hi. I was wondering, Neil, if you heard this week that the legislature decided to allow the contaminated rain water
to become part of our water source.
All right. Great.
Oh, it fits right in, isn't it?
I mean, you can get you to consider that the senators or the people who legislate are only think about themselves
when voting against the children or elderly or things like that.
This is something that affects even them.
Well, don't forget about the environment. Now that Bush is in there, I'm going to have all the arsenic and all the contamination that we could ever want.
Okay.
It's good for business.
Also, yesterday the legislature decided that the nursing homes now should get all the rights and the lawyers that would sue the nursing homes,
because the only way to keep these nursing homes in check.
Well, people, listen, Sue City Hall and call us and listen to how you made out.
Okay. Why is it that the very few women who call it on the show, they all are, you know, carrying some torches.
They all want me to jump on their bedwagon and they're all waving the torch and yada yada.
You know, I'm not interested in the legislature. Okay. You're in a mugwump state. You're living in the stone age.
You're living in the dark ages.
You're living in the state where one of the legislators from Winter Park is telling people,
well, they're jerking it in a library and all you fag kids, glad you came up here to talk to me,
but you're all going to burden hell.
And yeah, I mean, yeah, well, what's the point? You know, what are you getting yourself all whipped up into a frenzy about?
Okay.
Just look around, consider where you are and then you'll understand.
It's like I see a QAM. Maybe we go out in the hallway. We see Greg out there scratching his head and we understand.
Here's a mobile in Pemberer's Pines. Hello.
Andy, how are you?
Pretty good, sir.
This is our government service.
How does he business deal? Lots of people make bad business deals. We're not going to bail you out.
We're going to bail him out. No.
No. No.
Build a guy a new stadium for just us for a few thousand.
Selfish idiots who think that the public ought to build them a playground.
I got your playground right here.
Okay.
The answer is no.
Mobile implantation. Hello.
Mobile implantation.
Yes, sir.
Hey, great show.
Yes, it is.
Hey, I just want to let you know he sucks and okay, suck this.
Great challenge. This is my life.
No, he sucks. Great calls.
Do you got so much material you people? I'm just, I'm in awe.
I'm just breathless.
Just like Jerry Lee Lewis. I'm breathless.
All the material that you that you haven't got.
What do you want to talk about? Wow, a George Sox and your fag and your fag and George Sox and your mama and 420.
Yeah. Well, see, we did at least I learned that today. That was good.
That made it worth welcoming in for plus whatever show up on that check on the 10th and next month.
No, the 25th of this month.
Well, that's right. Next Wednesday's payday. I might let's say we got Ruth Chris coming in for lunch one day.
I'll be here that day. Monday. New confirms Wednesday's payday. I'll be here that day.
Tuesday's mommy's for lunch. So I'll definitely probably be here that day.
You know what I'm saying?
So as though we were at next week pretty that much.
If I can say that, can I say that? No.
Of course, once those months in the midday come in there, I mean, it says we'll be done just like those Phil Henry tapes.
Are you sure that was the end of us?
And what's his name?
Ro mi? Yeah, Ro mi homie. Call me Ro mi.
How can a grown man sound like that? I know.
Are you talking about to the crow?
403 votes on our survey. How interested are you in the NFL draft?
I understand it's a sports station. It's a dolphin station.
These guys, they can't avoid it because a lot of you people you're one dimensionally have no life.
That's why Hank's up there in New York today with all that draft stuff.
EL, ESPN, you can't help it.
But I mean, put it in its proper perspective, will you?
No. I mean, just how interested are you?
If I hear the word draft again, I'll puke 121.
Somewhat interested, 107. Not at all, 105. And a lot, 70.
70 a lot, as in get a life.
Bye, bye, bye!
The Field Roger Show.
