420-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.com for the world.
560-WQAM presents a Neil Rogers show to talk to Neil.
570-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
877-560-WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.
Welcome, hell, it's Dan, they're two of them.
Yeah, Dan, they're, hey, it's 105 at 560-WQAM.
Quite a long opening day, huh?
Well, why the hell not?
You know, pop market son of a bitch.
But in any way, good news though, sunny, rose and burst out.
Ah, I have really good news, okay, because there's sure plenty of bad news.
Although you're more good news, the market started with a real bad news.
You're off and now it's making a little comeback, okay?
I mean, still, huh?
Let's have a party.
I think if you only lose like less than 20 grand on a given day, all depending on how much is in your portfolio.
Well, it all depends, I think if you get a big hole in the bottom, like mine does.
Yeah, like my portfolio is like a bucket with a big hole in the bottom.
Dear Liza, I keep pouring more into it and it keeps coming out the bottom.
Like that.
What is it?
That song, there's a hole in the bucket dear Liza.
No, my bucket's got a hole in it by Rick Nelson, don't you remember that?
Oh, yeah, that's it.
Yeah, that too.
Who used to sing the other one in school?
But anyway, so there was that big hole in this drop and the future looks like it was going to be that awful, awful day.
And, no, that's not that bad right now.
Huh?
And Sonny Rosenberg is out.
Here's the news spread to word.
Sonny Rosenberg, he may not be dead like in body, but his political career is dead.
I'm squeezing myself over that right now.
And over there in Oakland Park, I'll let that homophobic asshole, what that was his name, Roger Mann, was that the name?
Yeah.
Who for some strange reason doesn't have a wife or kids according to the surgical, but nevertheless, he's, you know, ran around.
See, it's a good idea.
All you kids out there, don't be running around telling people you're ahead of a sexual.
Because that was his thing, the fame.
And he got his ass whipped and the election yesterday in Oakland Park.
And at the home, what that was his name, Larry Gehrer, rhymes with Rear, he won the election.
Nice going Larry.
Hi!
So there you go.
And the Weston, they got rid of their mayor over there because he's smoking too much or something.
But Sonny Rosenberg is out.
You see, how do you like that, Sonny?
You miserable, disgusting old fart.
You wrinkled up old prune head.
I hope your goddamn colostomy bag overflows today.
You're squeezing it all day.
And the bag too.
Anyway, here's our poll from yesterday before I get to the meat of the matter.
So yesterday, let's talk some more harness racing drivers today.
How about toy boring?
How about Vince Copeland?
How about Lee Roy Copeland?
Now let's not.
Anyway, 926 votes on the poll.
Even George got into that yesterday.
Oh!
Now that's pretty good with stuff on Bouchard.
South Beach, which of these areas in South Florida is the most plastic?
South Beach wins hands down.
Another surprise?
No.
Now, plastic.
A lot of phony posers down there.
A lot of rich, nouveau rich phony rich used to be rich.
Whatever they were.
South Beach 459.
Almost half of our votes, that South Beach, is the most plastic goddamn place in this area.
In our neck of the woods.
Boca came in a respectable second.
343.
37%.
That's pretty good, huh?
For Boca.
Coral Gables was third with 50.
No ducks.
No, uh, no nothing.
5%.
Coral Springs came in with only 47.
That's because they're, I think they're concentrating too much on the gangs in Coral Springs.
When you think of Coral Springs, you think of strip shopping centers and gangs.
Punk's running crazy in the streets.
Blow in the city up.
And then last in the certainly far least, coconut grove, which lost that era of plasticity years ago, you know?
Once all our sports is moving.
That was the end of that.
Sharts is not into plastic.
No, because plastic, you know, like melts in the heat and so you know.
Anyway, 27, 2.9%.
Out of 926 votes.
So South Beach winds are poor as the most plastic, plastic, broken, loose, fully marony, posing place in a goddamn face of the earth, at least here in South Florida.
Look at that, the NASDAQ, the only down nine-hide, did nice thing to you before the show that it's going to wind up in the green today, the NASDAQ.
He didn't have to yell it up.
And the next 10 minutes.
That's right.
Oh, we're going to do a break.
Yeah, we actually have some spots today, damn it.
Oh, boy, what a bad break.
Because yesterday's format certainly wasn't a moneymaker for Greg Reed, but it sure was a, I'm a hire.
Oh, and if our friend who's going to steak and shake is listening, you're, you're a penguin tickets and a parking pass right here in the envelope for you.
I'll be right up real nice.
I like it with a little bow on it.
Bring the Josh with you if you can.
Oh, they got starches working there now in the drive-through.
Went there last night, my friend, Dave and I went a little spin through for a talk with Shake.
Steak and Shake.
Sharks isn't the drive-through.
Inside, like they got like, we have lots of nice white people and they have lots of nice, uh, sharks is there at the drive-through.
You think they live anywhere in that area?
No.
Can you explain that to me?
Anyway.
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQM.
No question of the server.
Maybe you can get the express written permission at WQAM.
This is God pass group inquiry.
I know.
The pain from wearing this game.
Go down the drain.
One way it explains it.
It's my brain from playing.
Close made spots.
It'll cut in games.
It's way, it's way.
Who's acclaim has gone down in flames.
It's way, it's way.
The shame of the brain will stay upon my brain.
I think it's profit.
The strain of the way made stays inside my brain.
No!
He's an asshole.
Exactly.
1015 at 560 WQM.
I shouldn't have said that because it'll tip my vote on the appolier.
Here's today's poll on yourranges.com or just in general.
Just like out there on the street.
Describe your feelings about Wayne Heizinger.
He's an asshole.
No, that's not a choice.
Number one, he's a great man who brought baseball and hockey to South Florida.
Number two, he's a real prick who doesn't care about the fan.
No, he's a rich prick who doesn't care about the fans.
Number three, I have no opinion about him.
Or number four, I wish I could look just like him.
Those are four good choices.
Don't you say?
Let me give you those again.
Describe your feelings about Wayne Heizinger.
He's a great man who brought baseball and hockey to South Florida.
He's a rich prick who doesn't care about the fans.
Number three, I have no opinion about him.
And last but not least, certainly, I wish I could look just like him.
Well, here you are boys and girls once again.
And didn't I tell you?
Yeah, yours truly.
I told you.
Another fire sale.
Has they lead the public to the slaughter again?
And I think if we can find something good, a little silver lining in the middle of this latest sports debacle here in his town,
it's the fact that it comes on the day right before that big meeting tomorrow.
Tomorrow is the 15th, last time I checked, right?
Isn't tomorrow supposed to be that big deadline for the city of Miami and date counted this side?
What they're going to give to the Marlins so they can build John Henry, that new play tour, that new stadium?
Yeah, last time we checked.
Yeah.
So here should be one more good lesson.
I'll use suckers out there and would be suckers in waiting.
But these people don't give a crap about you.
They're just trying to make a quick buck.
They're just a bunch of snake roll salesmen.
Just like the stock brokers we've been talking about, same thing, just different business.
That's all.
Same principle.
Then you watch.
You mark my words.
When you'll find himself another John Henry, you'll find another little lending, another sucker somewhere.
Oh yeah, I love the old hockey franchise.
Oh yeah, how much you want Mr. Heizingo?
Okay, let me get a group of suckers together and watch a big fat check.
And so he'll come a walk away, just smell them like a bunch of crap.
Like he always does, making big bucks.
And he leaves behind the usual pile of excrement right there in that $200 million monument to a nothingness that we built for him with taxpayer money.
It's just astonishing.
It's just amazing to me.
I'm going to take it this right now.
I'll go to the Elise Panthers game on Saturday because I'm a big 41 plus year Toronto Maple Leaf fan.
I'll go to the C-My team play.
Will I go tonight?
No.
No, will I be going anymore games this season out of the game Saturday?
No.
That's why I'm giving that guy the ticket.
In fact, I'll give him away for nothing.
We're getting lunch from steak and steak and exchange, which I think is a real bargain.
And yeah, Ray Whitney's a friend of mine.
He's a hell of a guy and he and his wife are two of the nice people you'd ever want to meet.
But didn't I say on a year here a couple weeks ago, and Mike Russo, you're not fooling anybody.
I call you on it right here on this radio show.
That little column he wrote in there that took Fletcher, put you up to the sun, set them all.
Setting us up for this move.
You're not fooling anybody.
I said that day weeks ago, Ray Whitney's as good as gone.
They didn't like him.
They don't like the little guys.
Even though he had the three great seasons, he's been hurt most of this year under perform because, you know, whatever reason.
So did everybody else except Pavel.
But he's got to be the scapegoat.
And then Mike Sylinder, what's the excuse there?
Oh, we're going to have toughness.
Well, is there anybody tougher than him?
No.
Experience.
Hell of a player.
And over a measly few thousand dollars, whatever was they didn't really want to sign him.
They put on a dog and pony show there at the end.
Bye-bye.
Goodbye for a draft pick.
So we have more youngsters in the organization that these silly people can keep talking about.
The same crap they've been peddling you.
And I'm not going to sit here and say, hey, because nobody pays any attention to me anyway.
We won't get five calls about this today.
I never do.
They'll be calling and talking to people who haven't got the foggyest idea.
Wouldn't know a hockey puck from a stale god damn much ease burger.
But they won't call me because they don't know anything about it.
See, that's the one safe thing.
Even Geldie admitted that to me this morning.
And that is, it's a good thing we don't have hardly any real hockey fans done here because if we did, they'd be like,
every line would be lit up already here.
There'd be a revolution.
People would be foaming at the mouth.
Here we go, getting screwed again.
And just like with the Marlins, well, you know, Wayne can't make any money there in that stadium.
We got to build him in the stadium.
I wonder if he came obviously that we're going to build him in the stadium because he's a prick and we already did that with the arena.
Well, he'll sell it and make a big buck to some sucker.
Some little putzer comes along like John Henry.
And now here's the same deal all over again.
Wayne is getting ready to sell.
So let's gut the team.
Let's have a fire sale.
Let's get rid of three quality players.
Let's bring in Kevin Adams, I'm a leaf fan, so I know all about Kevin Adams.
He's a nice little player.
He's like, I think Geldie said it best.
He's like a young Len Berry.
Is he going to score a lot of goals?
No.
And as far as toughness is concerned, Mr. Bowtie, you already had the toughness in grit and Mike Sylinger.
So don't try to lie again to the public.
In fact, Torrey would be doing better since their ownership is out of here when the new owners come in.
He's just getting ready to go off into do whatever he's going to do.
You know, besides all that monkey business he's playing these days.
So don't they'll keep insulting the public by slapping in the face.
As it was you had almost nothing to put out there in the way of a product.
And now you have the fire sale and you gut the team.
What do you expect people to come out and pay big bucks to see crap for?
And then Geldie this morning, I mean, I understand he's under a lot of pressure
because he's on the payroll.
But to say they have the basic elements because they got two players.
They got Pavel Burry and Roberto L'Awango who may be a great goalie someday.
And that's it.
That two people is the basic elements?
No, I don't think so.
There's nothing there.
There's absolutely no reason for anybody.
And like I said, I'm not going to get myself out whipped into shape instead of running a campaign.
Do whatever you like, okay?
If you want to go and have a good time, talk on your cell phone.
Great.
Be my guest.
And this is what we've come to.
I told you that was all coming to a head.
If I can say head?
No.
No.
Through fruition.
More and more big salaries, more and more greedy owners, more and more big buildings, more and more taxpayer money, more and more, you know.
And they reach in and they tear your kishkis out.
They tear your heart out.
So anybody that's been around long enough to remember that one glorious year, you know,
everybody at the front running phone, we love that pant.
It's all that, you know, it was phony, but it was fun.
And a lot of people jumped on and of course as soon as things went south, they jumped right off.
And they're always doing this town.
But anybody's been around long enough to remember that.
That's the only gen history.
They've gutted it.
They've destroyed it.
There's nothing left.
They've had a fire sale and there's almost nothing left but ashes.
So you can give a song and a dance about, well, draft picks are important to the future of the organization.
Yeah, okay, fine to add them to what?
There's got to be something there that has to be a core.
There's got to be something.
There's nothing there.
There's nothing left.
They've Joseph Wright in the Sun Temple.
They Tory sells a sellout.
Yeah, that's right.
You'd be better off just to keep your mouth shut, Tory, because you're going to go out looking like a clown, like a fool.
Instead of coming on here with Hank yesterday and I'm with these guys this morning.
And then to start talking about, well, Anders Erickson has come.
I almost jumped out the third floor window when he said that this morning.
Anders Erickson, even Santa Claus never gave anything away as much as he does.
An unmitigated disaster.
Not just another Brian Murray mistake, but a mistake he made in Detroit and then makes it here again.
And Bill Tory's got the hoods, but it's come on in and say, well, he's going to be back.
Great.
That's going to make me come out and see that.
Watch him cough it up and give it away.
And again, the only reason that you guys and the Wains been able to pull this off is because it's here in this town.
If there were knowledgeable fans in any sport, forget about hockey in anything here.
They would have written his ass out and we got a long time ago before we had a chance to bail out.
But not this guy because no matter what the hell he touches, it turns to instant process of gold.
No matter how much he stabs you in the back and tears your guts out, you keep coming back for more punishment.
Let me cast my vote by the way.
Oh yeah.
I think I voted and I wish I could look just like him.
Oh no, I didn't vote for that one.
I was thinking about it though.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Yeah, hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Have a wonderful idea.
Now that he's out of work, why don't you offer Sonny your replacement job.
Yeah, there you go.
They cover for you in the summer time.
I'm going to go on vacation.
It'd be wonderful.
Yeah.
Take about it.
No.
5607.0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T.
Why don't you hang out with them all day?
You can go to the dog track with them.
It's not like an old fart.
It's like Sonny.
It's not right up his alley.
Here's the mobile and open park.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay sir.
Amazing what people can do to a business.
I couldn't get away with it.
I couldn't do that to my business.
Yeah.
You couldn't give a half a show.
That's one reason why I started to give up on sports about 10 years ago.
It's all over, man.
I don't even leave the sports page anymore.
Right.
I never do that.
Done.
And you were talking about stocks for a while.
I learned a lesson to hard way.
The only person in the world is going to watch out for your money as you.
What does that mean?
Well I never let anybody invest my money or anything.
Well that's a good move.
I agree with you on that.
I wish I had to do it over again, but I can't turn a clock back in.
I know.
I got brought into a scam a few years ago that turned out to be a Ponzi scheme by a bunch of friends in my hand.
I've been working for a couple of years and after that I mean I'll just never play.
Yeah.
What kind of Ponzi schemes because they make for unhappy days, that's right.
Nobody's ever going to direct my money but me.
I'm with you.
Or if I can never get it back out of there, trust me.
Nobody's touching it and the money is.
Nobody.
Nobody gives a shit about it over here.
Right.
You got it.
Okay.
Have it right there.
He said nobody gives a shmit about it but you.
That's what he said and he's right.
5.6705.60, Pon5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
That's interesting the way that poll comes up today.
Look at that.
The votes are on the other side today.
What's that all about?
I mean, yeah, that's fine.
What is that?
I think Eric is kind of a little chaser.
Let's see.
What do we got 23 votes so far?
It's seven.
I wish I could look just like him.
Oh.
That's great.
15 is a rich prick who doesn't care about the fans.
Nobody does never opinion about him.
That's good.
He's a great man who brought baseball and hockey to South Florida.
One.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks for voting Wayne.
Thank you.
I know it's got to be him because Dean Jordan is out of town.
Here's a mobile and West Palm.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
I'm passionate hockey fan and team is taking a hold of here.
Yes.
Physically ill when I saw the news yesterday about the pamphlet dead.
I will not spend another dime on anything that Wayne Heiseng is involved with.
Good for you.
I'm going to be taking my rest of my season tickets here, putting them in a envelope,
and turning them back to the panthers, throwing them to catch my ass.
Excellent.
Have a good day.
Nice going, sir.
Congratulations.
There's a guy with a pair of baby with some balls.
And if we had other people who really had a brain and some balls, then they'd do the same damn thing.
Take your tickets and stick them up your ass and your hockey sticks.
Wayne, you've killed it.
You've destroyed it.
Just like everything else you've touched, you destroy it.
He stuffed the money in his own pocket.
So his own bank account he can do pretty good with.
Although that's stocking, doing that's too good.
But nevertheless, he's not missing any meals.
Well, when it comes to the public here, when it comes to the fans, all that keeps doing is stick it.
Reckon, stick it.
Reckon, stick it.
Reckon, stick it.
Reckon, stick it.
Until you're a bloody mess, that's right.
So there's a guy that's got a good idea.
I'll go to that game Saturday.
I will not be present direct to the scene and all depending on the new ownership, what happens in between if it happens.
So if it happens off season, I get the tickets for free anyway.
But if he's involved, I will not subsidize him.
Not a dime.
Not a penny.
I'm even smuggler in my own soda Saturday.
26 after 10 at 560 WPM.
Here's a place you can have a good time, Pompidot Park.
That's right.
No Wayne there.
Thank God.
That's about one of the few places you can go.
There's anything exciting going on that he has never been in it.
The Toyota Pollywood trivia challenge Saturday morning today on Sports Radio 560 QA and...
The water's passing up good. It's great.
Look who rush you've left around?
10 32 at 560 WPM.
Great protection.
The Herald and his column rights.
So wide spot has been the house cleaning with the panther.
I heard the guy who pilots the Zampone sending resumes out.
And he looked at that.
Maybe Defok can do it.
He's always looking for a little gig there, you know, down on the ice.
Over in the field.
You know, anywhere there's a few bucks to be handed out.
There's Defok.
He's got his hand up.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Daytona.
Hello.
Yeah, Joe Robbie built his stadium without a penny of taxpayers' dollars.
Right.
And the way that Joe Robbie did it was he went out to Chambers and Rotary clubs.
I was in Delray Beach at the time.
He came up there.
He said, this is what I'm doing.
I need you guys to help me out.
I need you to make an investment here.
That one penny of taxpayer dollars.
Yeah.
Joe Robbie, the man.
OK.
Say hi to him.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One.
You see, the people who go to these events and maybe the sunrise and the sunrise Macarena
isn't the city.
Sunrise itself of course isn't plastic.
It's just old and Jewish.
But Macarena maybe should have been on that list for plastic yesterday.
Because boy, you talk about a lot of plastic people.
I'd say like maybe 50-60% of the people in there are just there to show up and be seen
and talk on the cell phone and smooths around and that.
A very plastic place.
So that's one of the reasons you don't get the kind of response you'd expect because
they don't really care anyway.
They're not there to see whatever's going on.
They show up for a few minutes.
They make an appearance.
They shake their heads.
Oh, gee, this is not so good.
And they go away.
Why I have no idea?
Here's the mobile and here's dear field.
Whatever.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've been a season taker holder of the panthers since their second year and I just
absolutely disgusted with the news I heard yesterday.
I couldn't believe they did that.
I think they got a problem with the number 14.
Yeah.
Now anybody comes in here and shouldn't wear number 14.
I'm definitely not resuming my season takers anymore until this team starts doing
something worth going to watch.
I think my guy got mad at me and called me a fan wagon jumper but I'm certainly not.
Is it if it's between supporting your team and just being a taker?
Right.
Exactly.
I mean, when they're having a fire sales and when they're not making any effort to put
at least some product out there, that's got nothing to do with being a phony fan that has to do with being smart
and not just handing your money over like you're being held up at gunpoint.
Right.
I don't mind a teach.
Well, I just don't mind if they lose.
But if they're working towards something, if they're trying to put something together,
if they're making effort like the first two years they were out there.
I mean, the team was losing but at least you saw the team was playing hard and they were exciting.
There was something to watch but they're just doing nothing now.
And what's such a shame is here you have Paul Burry, one of the best players in the NHL.
Yeah.
And they're just wasting his time here.
I mean, just wasting the time with guys.
Well, now, you know, they were right in the paper this morning.
One of the articles, I guess it was a credit code text about how they always used a moan about wasting the marino years
with the dolphins and now they're talking about wasting the burray years with the panthers.
But I mean, there's really no comparison because I mean, at least Marino had some kind of a supporting cast.
He had receivers that throw do.
But here, I mean, they've taken, they've gutted the whole team and basically got a couple of players.
There was anybody else besides Burry that anybody in this town would go out and say,
hey, I'll pay to go watch so and so play on that team.
I mean, they'll come out fighting to see Mario play but unfortunately he's on another team.
Yeah.
And I'm just until I change owners and start doing something.
I'm not going to go back there and spend that much money.
Okay, pal.
I know.
See you.
Yeah, especially with everybody losing their money in the stock market, you know, just stick it under the mattress instead of handing over the wane.
Here's a mobile and market.
Hello.
Hello, Leo.
Yes, sir.
Leo?
Yes.
Let me say it again.
Yes, it's your phone working, sir.
Do you hear me?
I guess not.
Phone not no good.
NG.
Here's a mobile and four Myers.
Hello.
Hello, Leo.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Just want to let the other 50 to 60 people know here on the Southwest Coast that they don't have to listen to 7-70 after noon.
We can get you on 5-60 when we have an overcast day like we have today.
Great.
There you go.
Let's hear it for overcast day.
That's it, buddy.
That's what we need you the most.
Okay.
Okay.
Keep it up.
Thanks very much.
Thank you so much.
Thanks for the info.
Thanks for the input and the output.
60.
Look at this phone here.
What's going on?
I want to sudden.
Again, we have another phone for it.
5-6705-60-pound-560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Leo.
God.
Yes, sir.
Did you hear that both-time moron on Hank's show yesterday trying to explain everybody?
No, I didn't hear yesterday.
I didn't hear yesterday.
I heard this morning.
I was in the control room.
I was screaming and ready to jump out the window.
I was so aggravated.
I heard that.
Oh, my God.
What do they just, I mean, do us all the favor, take all the scores out of this whole town
and just leave us be.
Yeah.
This is just amazing.
For anybody in their right mind to think that this isn't just a fire.
So you get rid of the only other person that anybody in this town wants to be besides
Murray and then try to get everybody to believe that you did it because it's better for
the team.
Yeah.
How was he thinking?
I mean, here's a kid that scored 30 goals twice, 29 goals the third year led the team in
every category offensively until Brei got here.
And that was number two in every offensive category.
This is a team that's got no offense.
They got Brei and Brei and Brei.
They got one guy who can score and nobody else.
Who the hell is going to pay to go see that?
Exactly.
Not only that, but everything that fits me off is, you know, I'm like Hank Shaw, and this
is all the time.
But could he throw any more softballs and stuff any more home with this guy that he gets
to know?
I didn't hear it.
Well, you need to ask any questions at all.
Just let this guy speak well.
I'll see.
I got to say this to you.
I don't understand why Hank even talks about hockey.
I mean, it's okay when he's got Randy on there on Thursdays because Randy, you know,
played the game and those didn't cover it.
But Hank doesn't follow the game.
He has no interest in it.
I don't even know why he talks about it because he knows nothing about it.
Yeah, well, we're encouraging Charlie to pick that bow tie wearer in Germany.
Okay, but he's doing well with the ladies.
That's what I hear.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, I am.
You're on?
I'm on.
You're on.
You read?
Yeah.
Okay.
I live in sunrise and I don't have season tickets to the Panthers.
Yes, sir.
But I do have two boys, four and twelve that would love to go to any games that are available.
And all these unhappy season tickets, all those that they want to send me their tickets, I'd be glad to take my two boys to any hockey game.
Oh, in other words, you want to go for free is what you're saying.
No, I paid for games, but I can't afford to go every week like these other guys can.
Uh-huh.
So in other words, you don't really care what they put out there, what kind of product is out there in your year.
You would pay for it, but you want to go for free is what you're saying.
No, I pay for games.
Uh-huh.
And you think that the product they're putting out there is worth the price that they're charging you?
No, but I shouldn't as entertainment for my two sons.
Uh-huh.
Okay, great.
Well, uh, go, go panhandle somewhere.
We have to steal some money and buy some tickets for them.
Free loader.
How do you, you hear the tone in his voice?
You know, here he's ready to muscle in.
Typical, typical in this town.
Anybody out there that wants to see, and I raised on that guy that called about 15 minutes ago,
and I am, if I'm reading that guy away, that guy would rather burn the tickets than give me,
I feel the same way.
Okay, sir.
I'd rather burn them than give me when your two sons are whoever the hell it is.
Your three sons.
See, that you can't complain about the principal in this town because there isn't any.
As long as somebody would get something for free, and I'll tell you, I got drawer full of moral and tickets all you have
in the game in the years.
Dwarves full of, uh, dolphin tickets, I give them away.
Uh, panhandle tickets, I can't even give them away because nobody wants them.
And this guy wouldn't give them to anyway.
Cheap prick.
Now why don't you look with Wayne, okay, sir?
Two cheap pricks together.
Only he's got money.
How's that poor come in?
97 votes already?
Which best describes your feelings about Wayne Heizanga?
He's a rich prick who doesn't care about the fan 60, 62%.
I wish I could look just like him in 30.
31%.
He's a great man who brought baseball and hockey to South Florida.
Five.
Five out of 90.
97.
And two people say they have no opinion on them.
In other words, who the hell is that?
Who's that guy with a bald head in the grotesque complexion?
Twenty-four-one at five.
Who is he, huh?
He's an asshole.
Like I said, twenty-four-one at five-sixty WQM.
Hold your play-by-play is right here.
He's a class of that squarely you fool!
There's a card by Wayne.
Touchdown hurricane.
Touchdown.
Oh, right!
Sports radio, five-sixty Q-A-L.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Coming.
Q-A-Hollywoods for the Torium.
Former cant production's presents the Neil Rogers Review.
Like stars that have extravagant.
Featuring all your favorite Neil Rogers players.
Two full hours of birth, Merry Minton's Up.
Like the crank collar melody.
Hello, Neil.
Hello.
Neil.
Hello.
Neil.
Nighttower called your name for.
What else?
I don't know how that?
Eddie.
Eddie.
Eddie.
Eddie.
Eddie.
I'm all.
That's it well had it all.
Now ten minutes.
No night time, you want it?
Where you go wrong?
Ah, I don't know about you.
Don't ever ever tell.
You'll sound like some stupid, stupid, stupid, idiotic, silly.
The ever popular Miguel will balance the homotussion on his feet.
Speak homotussion for you.
Hello.
Hello.
And tell it.
Try to keep it down, with through and the bubble dancer.
And high-loin the dancer machine.
Hiya, Patty.
Look at me.
Out, here it is.
Yes, you'll wonder what it's all about.
When you spend the evening of that, the nine of you.
The needle Rogers will do it.
Take it to the handle, go there, oh, letters, they're cashing the door.
10.25.65.
You might ask you something.
What's the...
Okay, just checking.
But something strange has happened there all one and two.
Not that I'm nervous about it.
What is it?
Oh, just a mouth breather's calling on it.
That's all.
Oh.
Here's the Coral Gables.
Hello.
I mean, when you say people in this town don't care about hockey.
You're right.
Stop talking about it.
Who do you mean you're going to be?
Yeah, okay, great.
I'll talk about whatever I want to talk about, okay, sir.
It's a big story here today.
If you don't like it, find something else to do.
This is the most unbelievable place in the world, okay?
The only place where anybody would have the hospital call up somebody on a radio and say,
stop talking about this.
Not that he's got anything else to talk about.
I've had that same kind of call 80 billion times in the 25 years.
Well, what do you want to talk about?
Oh, I don't know about anything else.
I don't know, but yeah, right.
Go find a life.
Go out, jerk off for a couple of hours, okay?
Go get a playmate.
Go find a dribble.
And...
Get up for a hour.
Right.
And that's one of the problems here.
This is a one-dimensional horse and buggy town.
And when you find out what they are interested in besides that pull I took a couple of days ago
about people who won't speak English, that's what they're interested in.
They hate to kill wins, they kill wins, they hate to have...
Buk-buk-buk-buk-buk.
There's no point in talking about it.
We already know that.
Now what?
You know, George and Crystal haven't done it into swing club yet.
Now what?
You know?
To go back to that punk.
Here's Margate.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think, first of all, in terms of harness drivers, carmen...
No, we're not doing harness cars.
Oh, sure.
No, what's the biggest problem, is Neil?
Hello.
Yeah, the biggest problem is the scheduling.
We have these two stadiums as arenas.
As if they're in two different worlds.
Like tonight, for example, I have tickets to both the Heat Game and the Panther Game.
This happens in the last month.
The overlap has happened four times.
Sir, the top is not the biggest problem.
The biggest problem is that the prices are ridiculous and the quality of the product blows.
I couldn't agree with you more, but it is the problem.
It's physically impossible to even show up.
Yeah.
I got tickets for both things.
One of them is going to be empty.
And there...
You know, in New York, you know, you got the Rangers and the next day's share of a building.
And let me ask you something.
How many people go to see the islanders in New York?
Zero.
Okay, thank you.
See, here's a guy who doesn't want to admit it.
And I'm not talking about hockey.
I'm talking about the whole syndrome here of so-called professional sports and greedy billionaire business people
who want to take public money.
And we're not talking about hockey.
We're talking about our whole business here because that's all it is anymore.
They've destroyed it.
They've butchered it.
All of it.
They've taken a goddamn funerary.
They've taken a heart right out of it.
And that's why it just amazes me that all these same people that were arguing and that come to me
with those games when I do show up.
See, Neil, why are you being with me?
You're going to be missing me a lot because I was separate Saturday.
I'm not going to be there.
Whatever they got left, I won't be there.
Can we have your ticket?
No.
And there ought to be a lot of other people making a statement with empty seats too.
But I wouldn't waste my time.
I can't even get them to call much less too.
You know, make any kind of a statement by doing something or not showing up even.
Because they won't do it.
I've told you that before.
They absolutely won't do it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Okay.
Good.
Delray Beach.
Hello.
Delray Beach.
Delray.
Yes, sir.
Jim McLean calling.
Yes?
I understand Doug.
There'll be any show today.
No.
Oh, he's not.
No.
Not that I know.
Well, I understood from him that he was going to be honest today.
Yeah.
But not that I know of.
Well, he probably is probably going to fall in if that's the case.
That would be news to me.
Okay, buddy.
Thank you very much for the program.
Okay, yeah.
Okay, keep it up.
Bye-bye.
Say hi to Marty Stacker.
Okay.
Bye-bye, huh?
Wow.
You know, all these years that I've grown out there and all these people have come up to me
and a million times, and like I've said, you couldn't get them to call for love or money on this guy, damn show.
And you know something.
I'm starting to think that the people of this town get what they deserve.
You get just what you deserve.
If you're willing to go and pay for crap, like somebody is holding a gun to your head, you go right ahead.
Okay.
I'll pass on it.
And the guy in the call from the Gables is absolutely right.
You're a corrector.
Let's talk about anything else.
Because these people don't give a crap.
All these shows are coming up to me.
But I'm about, oh, what are we going to do?
Yeah, right.
Where the hell are you?
The call is free.
The time is yours.
Here's a chance to open up a mouth and say something, and you won't even do it.
They'll call all people that wouldn't know a goddamn hockey puck from their ass.
And I'll give you a, what do you think about Mike Sondra?
I think I was people who wouldn't know Mike Sondra if he crossed check them in the guy back in the neck.
What a waste of energy and time, man.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, we talked earlier.
Listen, I'd be willing to pay for 50% of your state value here.
What do you mean we talked earlier?
What does that mean?
Today?
Yeah, we get out of here, Jack Ash.
That's the guy with two kids allegedly that, you know, we talked earlier.
Like he's going to keep calling back.
Drop dead, pal, okay, get a life.
Get a search party.
Get a shovel and dig a hole for yourself.
5'6'7".
05'60", 05'60".
Only 18 and 10 for my life's one.
And give a dwayne center a big kiss on a lips too, okay while you're at it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Anyone else?
Yes, sir.
Looks like you're having a raven play again.
Yeah.
What's going on over there?
Raven who's gone, huh?
Yeah.
Hey, listen.
Mike Sylvens has gone.
And Todd Simpson has gone.
And they got one player and a bunch of draft choices.
Well, maybe it's for the better, who knows.
What does that mean?
Well, I don't know.
Something needs to change around here and the fans aren't.
That guy could call the couple of callers.
What do you mean something needs to change around here?
What does that statement mean, sir?
Well, because either the fans are with the team or they're not.
If you want to make a statement, you don't like the product, don't go.
Nobody sees in tickets for hockey and sees in tickets for basketball and then start
running raving.
You just do it for a statistic.
Yeah.
Either you're a true fan or you just sit there in the stands and socialize.
In other words, the true fan just goes no matter what they do to the franchise.
Is that what you're saying, sir?
No.
People laugh.
What happened all the true fans from Wayne Heising a good at the Marlins after the World
Series?
Were they not true fans because they didn't come back here in Assaults, sir?
You're an idiot.
You're a moron.
You're a jackass.
God.
How would I have asked you before how could so many morons ride up in one place all together?
Do you think it was an accident?
No.
By design.
It's part of God's plan.
Otherwise, how could we do this show like this every day?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Inforizon line.
Mobile at home, sir.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hi.
The only thing you're thinking about, sir.
God.
A bunch of retarders calling in or an aggregate.
As usual.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well listen.
I, you know, in the morning, wake up, get the paper, see the trade.
I go, just lovely.
This reminds me of that bogus move that they made for that stiff guy when they traded, whirling
in.
Yeah.
Well, but that's ancient history.
I mean, they've been doing a consistent for years.
Right.
I mean, ever since that trade, everything went uphill.
And on top of that, I was put a good friends with Bill Lindsay, okay?
Yeah.
And what they did with that guy is, you know, they smiled, shook his hand one day, turned
around, stabbed him in the back.
Well, that's definitely a worse in sports.
It works so a lot of guys that way.
That's the way it is.
You look out for management and all this.
Yeah.
But the thing is, is that I see how the owners are getting more and more greedy and things are
getting, you know, really out of hand.
I think these professional athletes, such as hockey, maybe basketball, are taking it
out of hand.
And they're going to be like, you know, and maybe they are, you know, this is just my opinion.
I think that there's something in the bottom thing that, you know, why do we have to deal with
stuff like this?
Why are they being like this?
And why should we give always a hundred percent?
Which I think they do.
But sometimes I think they get the raw deal.
And that, you know, sometimes they get the raw deal basketball player, sure, that are making
guys who couldn't help their goddamn name.
You literally jackasses who can't even put a sentence together except maybe 10 to 20.
And you think that maybe they shouldn't be putting out an effort because they're being treated poorly.
Most of the guys in professional sports should be kissing the ground that they're making millions
and millions of dollars a year, sir.
And you're giving me a solid answer that they got a bad attitude.
And maybe they shouldn't put out.
And you're telling me I got about your morons calling in here today?
Wow.
Holy Toledo, if somebody would say if he were still alive.
Is he still alive?
No.
I'm still dead.
Man.
I think a lot of you people belong in Toledo.
Be good place for it.
It's a toilet.
God, as usual, I'm getting all worked up to a friend's a year.
And they're like, really, really, they're like that.
You can't complain about the Panther fans because we don't have any.
We don't have any.
We don't have hockey fans in this town.
We don't have any fans.
We got, you know, people from masquerading is football fans in this one horse bull crap town.
Who wouldn't know if football if they stuck what up their ass and inflated it?
That's what we got.
Just like Tori saying, oh, yeah, well, I'm like Jimmy Johnson.
I believe in draft.
Well, he sure did a good job.
Didn't he?
Nice going, Jimmy.
So the dynasty here.
Laughing all the way to the bank.
Laughing at all these suckers out there that keeps subsidizing crap.
Watered down crap.
See, you're not going to get upset.
So I will.
I don't give a crap.
I'll get upset.
1056 at 560 QA.
Fort radio 560 WQA M by Hammy Port Lauderdale, a beastly brunette ass group station.
WQAM.com for the world.
Can beat that gator me.
Can't get so used to hanging round.
Since everybody put me down.
Cause everybody in my school always starts to play me for the food.
Can't get used to hanging round.
You don't need so much of what I tried to do.
Next time that I go to school, I'm shooting you.
They call me me and say I flow.
Now I'm refreshing, feeling low.
I'll get my daddy's in one day.
Then I'm gonna flirt them all away.
Can't get used to hanging round.
You don't need so much of what I tried to do.
Next time that I go to school, I'm shooting you.
I can't get used to hanging round.
You don't need so much of what I tried to do.
Next time that I go to school, I'm shooting you.
Can't get used to hanging round.
1.0205, 6th year, WQAM.
You can go to the QAM website if there's anybody having any comments.
You won't get too much of it from this crowd.
What do you think of the Panthers trades on WQAM.com?
Here's the first one I'm seeing out here.
One of the answers that says, Wayne cheats fans again.
Hey, Bill Torrey and Wayne H. Thanks for the great trades.
You can take my next year's season tickets and stick them up your tight ass.
There you go.
The first one I'm reading there on QAM.com.
But at least I got a response, which is more than working.
What is it?
Suburban QAM presents the 2001 Colored Tube Sisteria Contest, starting today.
Log on to QAM.com.
Start making your selections for round one of the NCAA tournament.
Prices will be given away after we try it.
The Grand Prize winner walks away with a thousand bucks courtesy of Subaru Sports Radio 560.
QAM and don't forget Hank will have his NCAA tournament preview show at 2 o'clock 7.
No problem, Clarence.
Get on here.
Okay, let's continue trying to sing the song.
Putting on a happy face.
Here's a mobile and Oakland park. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think this was, I think everybody's misleading.
This was a pretty good trade.
Whitney has been hurt.
I mean, he's not.
This happens.
I don't know if anybody's seen in play.
I don't think he should be playing on the third line.
Sir, I've seen Kevin Adams played.
What team did he play for over last year?
I think he should actually put him on the second line.
Sir, what team... Oh, this is the... Yeah, this is the guy again.
Yeah, the idiot.
Reverend Jones.
We see we don't have any wheelcars left anymore.
All we have left are the cranks.
And then the one guy with his two kids, he picked up on the street corner.
That's it.
Okay, I'll tell you what.
I'll sit back and wait.
I'm not going to bust my balls here.
I'm going to sit back and wait.
Like the guy said, you know,
when you're not getting paid in the big bucks,
so who's going to put out a great effort?
You know, why the hell should I?
Well, wait till that lunch comes in for a steak and shake.
Right?
Now, what about this?
5-6-705-60.
And, you know, I never learned my lesson.
Chris Wells, business, I wasted the whole guy.
They made an audience down the tubes with that.
Wasted all of those months with A.
We allow you a plant.
It's selling however in type B.
You know what?
What's the point?
It doesn't exist here.
It's pathetic.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm just calling about the Panther thing again.
A couple weeks ago, I went to the Freshers game with my wife and kids.
And I wanted to take a measure to get tickets.
And yeah, I really feel like spending money for the expensive tickets.
So I bought, you know, the cheaper ones.
And they suggested by the Panther Pack tickets.
So I said, okay, I'll buy those.
Yeah.
I mean, those seats have to be the worst in the stadium.
I mean, they're so high up, but the set part was where I was sitting.
A lady that came in the seat in front of us walks in.
And she must have paid a full price of $25.
I guess for her.
And she's like, I thought, up there was a nosebleed seat.
And I go to her no honey.
This is all nosebleed seats.
And she couldn't believe how bad the seats were over what you had to pay.
I mean, it was ridiculous.
Yeah.
I mean, a family of four going to a game.
You know, spend $100 just for tickets.
And that's right.
And to watch a crap best team like that, it's a sin, really, what they charge.
You're absolutely correct, sir.
I couldn't say it better myself.
It's criminal.
There are people in jail for lesser crimes than what they're doing in the public.
Exactly.
And my kids do have a good time.
And they're just driving the crazy to go back again.
But I absolutely will not support a team that doesn't give a crap about their fans.
And we'll not, you know, put an effort out there to try and recognize what's going on in hockey today.
And it just goes back to, I'll tell you, a while ago, when McLean was coaching a team,
I ran into him at a country club over in the cold springs where I live.
And I asked him, I said, you know, hey, Coach, what's going on with Martin Stracker?
Why don't you use him more?
I thought he's great.
You guys don't even put him on the ice.
I don't understand why.
And he's like, well, we have plans for him.
And, you know, we're using different ways, but he's really not put on a major line.
I'm saying, this guy, I don't know what to heck he's talking about.
Yeah.
And just, it's just evident that's the whole organization.
So how the crew, what's going on?
Okay, pal.
Well, thanks, Dale.
Keep a good look at the work.
Good luck to you.
All right, buddy.
I'll see you on the outside.
Outside the arena, not on the inside.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Mobile in Pompano, hello.
Hello, Dale.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
I just have to start to quite a bit.
I mean, you couldn't be more right about the billionaire owners who expect the public to be there.
They're supporting their playfields.
The public, the pipe on the Miami arena.
They took the pipe because 2 billion EGOManiacs,
Areson in Hizenga, couldn't have lived in one stadium.
So we had to build two.
Now, JJ Henry goes ahead and overtaves for a team
and expects us to build a stadium for him.
Yeah.
I think where's the door ending?
I mean, it's no later.
Have to say forget about it.
You want to move out of the area.
That should be the message is forget about it.
I mean, but basically look, people are not going to go to the right building the stadium.
They're not supporting the team now.
So maybe the first year they'll go out of curiosity.
And after that, they won't go.
Okay, my friend.
Thanks a lot.
Are we from Turkey?
Here's Carl Gable, so.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Last night, I was watching the ESPN,
catching some of the coverage on the trades.
And immediately, exactly the same thing I thought,
having come from Boston, and I knew that Kevin Adams was drafted by the Bruins several years back.
You can call his player.
Right.
And he is, despite the fact that I'm sure he might be a wonderful person.
He's nothing as far as a hockey player, especially when you're talking about
Cylindger Simpson and Whitney having left the team.
Who's going to score all those goals that Whitney was expected to score?
The 30 goals of season he scored three years in a row.
Precisely.
And you can't point to the fact that he's had an off year and been injured.
Look at what Steve Hines has done in Columbus when he left the Bruins.
He's had a great year.
Look what McGechrin did.
He went from Pittsburgh to Boston.
He came back to his home town.
He went off to Ottawa.
He's turned into a total superstar.
So now Whitney's going to leave, and he's going to go off and turn into another superstar in another city.
Yeah, because you'll get a chance to play in a first line and on the power play in a tremendous amount of ice time,
and he'll be a star in Columbus.
And you have not seen anything in terms of like a conventional trade take place.
You've seen three draft picks come to the team.
So what they've done is unloaded a lot of salaries.
That's right.
It's a hard drive.
It's not actually you're going to try to package it to some sort of a lot.
And then Corey gets on TV last night with a real tough attitude and sort of yeah,
you know, the fans want changes to be made and that's the way things are going to go.
And he's talking and I'm sitting there listening to the guy and going, listen, you're full of it.
The reason you did this was to get rid of the fat salaries.
So you could bring it a bunch of young guys who cost you nothing and make the sale of the team a little bit more attractive
with a smaller payroll and bring down the price maybe to get it sold.
I don't know what the other reason for it could be because it certainly didn't make any hockey sense whatsoever.
And absolutely, I mean the fans of this town and I like hockey and I played baseball, football,
all at a high decent level as a kid growing up and into college and everything else that I can tell you,
it's the hardest sport to play, it's the hardest sport to become excellent at.
And if you go to the games, it's the best sport to watch maybe next to football.
Absolutely unequivocally in person.
Exciting hell of a game and this guy has done nothing to put a good product on the ice down here.
So people should do everything they can to not go and support the team until they turn things around
or sell it to somebody who cares.
Oh, well you can count on me.
Good deal. Okay.
Take care. See you.
Good night there.
10 past 11 at 560 WQM attention, Broward County.
Will you fudge back in?
Hey, let's eat out Italian tonight.
No, let's eat Jamaican, man.
Now you're both with the new Italian Jamaican restaurant, Marjolagagra.
Where the more you eat, the hungrier you get.
Try to Italian tell you, featuring the bacon, lettuce and Jamaica sandwich.
It's Marjolagagra.
Emma, let me roll you a big canoyle, a big Marli Bama cool.
And Marjolagra, fat doni and big Curtis, personally smoke all the meats we serve.
Emma, throw me the light up. I'm going back to the smoke out.
From pinstrikes to winstrikes, you'll really love Marjolagra.
It doesn't matter what's on the menu, you'll want it all.
A secret bling to friebs and spices.
Well, mostly herbs.
Hey, that's it, John. We're to make them all.
It's on 15 at 560 WQM. Happy Wednesday to you.
And one of the things, of course, the way they try to pedal this light, not only to Mike Russo,
column a couple weeks ago, set it up for the very Whitney deal.
But now, while he was a complainer, he was a click breeder, he was this, he was a whatever.
One thing of Ray Whitney and Todd Simpson and Mike Sylvain, I'll say about all three of them.
Any one of the three had more class than the entire organization put together.
Leave it at that, okay? Three classy players. Three good talented players.
Three good guys.
Had class, which is something totally lacking in the organization.
Don't care about the fans. Don't care about anybody except making sure that ball that gets his money.
I mean, the stories are leisurely. They've only had that building now.
We're in the third year. You could write a book about this stuff.
The Usher's, all the crap, all of these things.
But boy, they're sure throwing a lot of nice t-shirts up there in the crowd.
That's the important stuff, they put that bling going and dropping that stuff into the crowd.
That's the important stuff.
That's what makes it a real enjoy believing.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Yeah, last one is there. I just transferred down here.
The last one is there. I want to see San Jose.
Yes, sir.
First time here.
And I pulled in. It was $10 a park.
And I was about 500 feet from the front door.
It took, there was 30 minutes for the puck drop.
Got two tickets.
Came to $98 for one.
Two of them was about $200.
And had a great time. I don't know what your problem is down here.
You guys got it made.
What does that mean?
Well, where else can you go and, you know, only cost me ten bucks a park.
It's better for a park park.
Where else can you go for like 200 bucks? Yeah. That sounds like a real bargain.
So a great game, San Jose.
No, it's not a great game.
Can't wait to go tonight.
And I know we'll see if they're going to be available again.
Oh, there will be tons of seats available, yeah.
And I'm looking forward to it. I think the pass is down here wonderful.
And we're lucky we have them.
We're lucky we have them.
We're lucky we have them.
Okay, good. I hope you enjoy yourself, sir.
Thank you.
And this is one of the most contrived put up calls I ever heard in my life.
Is this guy fooling anybody?
No. No, he is not.
Totally contrived. Totally.
And here's our lunch from steak and shake. There you go.
I don't see Josh anywhere. He's probably hiding in the car.
That's okay.
And your tickets are there.
And I hope you have a wonderful time.
And don't be making a habit of going there though,
because we're discouraging people.
Yeah, this last guy, there's another setup call there for you.
It was only 200 bucks and only 10 bucks to park.
What a bargain, baby.
See if they paid me 10 bucks to park there.
When I go in there, I'm going to spend two or three hours of my time,
even as boring as life may be down here.
I'd like to expect to see something entertaining, entertaining, interesting, exciting,
something worth going to, something making the effort for.
Haven't seen it very much.
Last several years now.
Not just now, but for several years.
We're still waiting on it.
And every time it looks like they're on the verge,
they dismantle it because Wayne needs to make some money.
He needs to dump the organization.
So don't come in here first with your phone call,
once you've just got transferred down here.
You're not fooling anybody, pal. Have a wonderful time.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Hey.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil, you're great.
I love your show.
I think this guy's an asshole.
It was a setup call.
It's as obvious as the day is long.
And Wayne has a great game.
He's got a great game.
Wayne has a great game.
He needs to go to New York or something.
He needs to get out of here.
I hate him.
First time caller.
I love your show.
Thanks.
Okay, thanks.
What did she say?
Anybody know what she said?
No.
She wrote it to the show.
Okay.
Don't be talking with your mouth full, goddamn it.
I didn't know the head on you, didn't I?
Yes, they do.
I can't eat those though.
I don't. So I will.
Okay, great.
You have a good time.
Where's Josh?
560, 560, 05, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505
505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505
505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505
505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505
505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505
505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505
505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505
505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505
505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505
505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505, 505
if you want to play a stilett, if you want to play a stip, it's every single word,
stuff. And you wonder what's happening with the American society where young people
how I can't go and have a good time and they have nothing to look up to. I mean when
the greed factor reaches this point then there's no hope for it. You're going to have to
find some other kind of entertainment. How about a swing club on every street corner?
Yeah, keep the BSO busy anyway. Give me something to do. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood.
Hi, me. Yes, sir. Yeah. I've seen it the hockey game to come up and sit alone. I'm
told you I normally don't call but I'm calling today because Wayne is a franchise killer.
He did this with the Marlins. He's doing it with the Panthers. I've been a season ticket
holder since day one. But this all started last year or probably before that when they traded
the La Sean Burke for cheap. And then we had to trade away Radec de Vorque for a goalie
that sucked. And it's just going on and on. What do you mean they traded away Radec de
Vorque for a goalie that sucks? What does that mean? Mike Vernon. Mike was in over the
hill goalie that they got Mike Vernon for Radec de Vorque. They got Mike Vernon for
Radec de Vorque. I thought they traded Radec to the Rangers. Yeah, we got Mike Vernon.
Yeah, is that what it was? It was a three team trade. Yeah, no, but that's right. You're
right. So, you know, Mike Vernon. Mike Vernon. Mike Vernon. It worked in the all-star game.
Radec got 25 goals. So it's just on and on and what did we get to this we traded
Schillinger for a draft. Yeah, well, in fact, yeah. So we got a bunch of draft picks and
we save a bunch of money. Youngsters need organization, right? Yeah. That's what I got to say.
Okay, sir. Well, there'll be a lot of other ways you can spend your money and have a good
time. Okay. I'll go out to Rutzkristik, I was for a great stake. Yeah, that's right.
That 200 bucks, the guy enjoyed so much last ones. That would have brought him and then
somebody a really nice meal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless
Line. 10, 11, 27, a QA. Can I attempt it? It's a sports fan. We're talking about it.
We're talking about it. That sounds interesting. Sports Radio 560, QA and a...
Come on, baby. Come play with these titties. New on chain-eyed records. It's that mixed
in-chew-wow from the Taco Bell commercials, singing like you've never heard him before.
Which of course you haven't heard him sing like this before, because this is the first
time he's ever sung. Today's high hit. Licky, my butt, then, then, then, then, then, then,
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then,
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then,
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then,
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then,
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then
Yeah, your brother is the Lord, and you'll spend it on the throne.
And when it becomes the round, it's the bottom to the bottom, Henry.
For Henry.
1147 at 560 WQ.
I mean, here's the facts.
It's about the fourth one we've had from this chronic.
Your show sucks today.
I'll buy you a lunch and steak and shake for a week if you stop this hockey instrument.
Your audience who could care less about hate to this subject.
Oh, your audience who you care less about hate to this subject.
You always say it's not a sport show. Stop the bullshit.
And I'm going to stop talking about what I think I want to talk about.
No.
No, I'm going to say what needs to be said.
And if people out there are too stupid or too lazy or too idiotic to a discuss it, that's too bad.
Screw them.
In addition to which here's a guy that's about the 85th facts he's already said this morning.
Is he calling?
Oh, he's got anything to say?
No.
No.
What does he want to talk about?
Does he know?
No.
Like I said before.
Oh, I don't want that.
What do you want?
Oh, I don't know.
But I don't want that.
Whatever you've got, I don't want it.
5.670560, pump 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a mobile and pump and a hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I don't think it's just about sports.
Also about business.
And I think Wayne is certainly a perfect people that spend the 200 bucks a night.
I'm one of the poor individuals.
I get some fortune and I can afford a suite.
I'm stuck with another 6 or 7 years on a 10-year lease.
Oh, my God.
$100,000 a year for a lease.
Ah.
What do I do?
Russian roulette sounds good to me.
Yeah, that's about it.
So I just stick with there and hopefully that we can get a team together.
We can go enjoy it and smooth.
That's part of the fun to go in there.
Okay, pal.
Good luck to you.
Good luck.
You'll need it.
How you like that?
10 years at 100 grand.
It sounds like a million dollars give or take to me.
Oh, my God.
I make you want to obstruct that lunch you just had.
Wow.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Just a little demonstration.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
How you doing?
I'm an exterminator.
You got some bug in you.
What is it?
I'm an exterminator.
Said you got some bugs there.
Do you need pest control there?
No.
You don't?
No.
All right, forget it.
Okay, thanks.
Can I get a plug?
Sure.
My name is Vinny and it's D-E-K pest control.
Okay, Vinny.
Thank you.
Thanks for the offer.
We know like too many exterminators coming in here.
5, 6, 7, I'll sit back again and I'll wait.
I'm going to enjoy my chocolate milkshake from Steak and Shake, which these are the best.
I would like a mullet, but they don't make mullets.
I heard Hank talking about ice cream sodas last week.
We're getting a soda fountain in here.
Yeah, that's just what we need, Hank.
It's a soda fountain.
And maybe like a place where we could like make bananas spliff.
Hang the bananas from the ceiling.
That was fun.
Uh-huh.
And then maybe they can various like in those elevators over there.
They can use this as weights.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
See, this is the reason that he continues to be able to do this to the public because he can.
Because there are a thousand of people just like that game tonight, that Edmonton game.
Here's the hottest team in the league.
Good young, exciting team.
Am I going?
No.
A lot of you suckers up there.
You'll go, well, we already got the tickets.
Yeah.
Great.
That's good.
But it's already paid for it.
So might as well go and show your support for where the-
See, this is it.
You're masochists.
If you want somebody sticking it to you, just keep going back again and again.
Then you can complain about it.
Here's Poppano.
Hello.
Yeah, maybe we'll get lucky and Wayne will get the guard.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
He deserves it.
So it's right here.
You can bleed, choke, or die basically.
Really?
Yeah.
From Gurd?
Yeah.
I'll be damned.
Maybe he'll get that.
And if you need an exterminator?
No.
F-F-Grag?
Because George is a good one.
He-he-he, uh, something-
Okay, great.
56670550, Pompi.
He's not as boring as your horse though, sir.
There's nobody I've ever heard in my life as boring as you.
But thanks for the stuach.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, I was wondering where you thought Paul Lodge would play when he comes back.
Up or back?
What do you mean, does it make?
I didn't hear you.
What?
I said, what difference does it make?
Oh, I just wanted you to like him up front.
No, I don't like him up front.
He belongs to him, but defense.
He's not a forward.
Never will be.
But what difference does it make?
I say it exactly.
But what difference does it make?
It's about the only bright spot you can think about with the panthers these days.
And the second thing-
No, but wait a minute.
So in other words, with everything that's grown on here in the last 24 hours,
that's what you have to say.
That's what you have to talk about is, where do I think Paul Lodge should play when it comes back?
I'm trying to be good, but I just can't.
It's so depressing.
I have to face forward at least.
Think about something.
Him coming back is always a ploy.
No, no, no.
Why don't you like being adult?
Why don't you be like a mature intelligent adult and say, look, they made it very clear.
They don't care.
They're putting the swell out there.
They don't care if we ever win another game until this man can unload and give his money out of it.
And you want me to tell you what I think my friend Paul Lodge should play?
What difference does it make?
Why don't you have some comment on what the hell they're doing to the organization?
Why don't you have something to say about that?
Well, if you want me to, I think it's just a travesty.
I can see where Whitney going.
He looked like he was on a few good years.
And I know you're going to jump on me for this, but buddy had a few good years.
We need to get bigger up front.
We need somebody like John LeClaire that can crash in that.
I mean, we need somebody like John LeClaire.
And they got Kevin Adams.
I don't want to talk to you.
You're making them want to scream.
He had a few good years.
He had three outstanding years.
He was injured most of the season with a bad back.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You haven't got any clue.
That's why you don't want to talk with me about it.
You're trying to think of something clever to indicate to me.
You know something about this sport, which you don't.
Nothing.
We need somebody big and tough.
John LeClaire.
Are we paying a John LeClaire?
Oh.
Did they make any effort to get like a big name point?
No.
They're cutting back.
Don't you understand, sir?
You don't want to get it.
You're in denial.
You're in denial.
You're a burzo.
You're a typical of what I see in that place night after night after night for all these years,
especially since they moved over to the Sky Dam Country Club there in sunrise.
We used to have some fans in that place.
We had a finger when they were at the front.
We had a good time in that place.
This isn't fun.
This is agony.
Agony.
Fort Lauderdale, huh?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got an echo what you're saying.
A few years ago when I had season tickets, I would be a massacres than go.
But when I now, you know, I don't have a mission in the last year,
I started realizing that it's true that the...
Why would you go just because you paid the money to see crap?
Right.
And the thing is here, this son of a bitch, he got into Bill the Freakin Stadium.
Now he's unloading the Freakin Team.
He's going to wipe his hands clean, walk away with whatever,
how many millions or whatever it is in his pocket.
And we're going to be stuck with some...
Just like with the Marlins, some idiot owner probably,
with a stadium out there, sitting out there.
That's what these people don't seem to want to accept.
It's like you've been raped and you go on to admit it.
I mean, we built that Freakin Arena for what?
They could have stayed in the Miami area.
I don't care what this is.
What is the purpose of that now?
Because he couldn't make any money there.
Didn't have any sales.
He couldn't make the big bucks so we could go out there and get the big payroll going
and spend all that money on people like Kevin Adams, you know?
And Bill Twery, he doesn't have the balls to call the only person that knows about hockey.
He's got to call Hank.
He's got to call these softball players in the morning.
Well, I don't think he called them, I think they call them.
Well, either way.
I mean, no one's going to tell him.
I wouldn't put him on here.
I wouldn't put him on here.
I'm not going to give him a form this view of his bull crap here.
He wouldn't be on here with me for 15 seconds.
Well, I'm glad.
But it's just, it's sad.
I mean, the whole sports concept, if somebody gave me tickets, maybe I'd go,
I'd rather watch anything on the last night, just four or five games.
You could look around on a little dish.
Right.
I'd be happy to make popcorn in your own house.
Right.
Like a beer drink and not put up with these idiots.
I mean, even when you go there, you tell them to park.
They've got a hundred people telling you a way to park.
You know, way even their hands come here.
They don't know anything.
You go to any other stadium in America and they've got their act together but here.
And it's just, it's like you said, these people here, they get what they deserve.
Because they don't care.
There'll be people with a goal in it tonight.
They'll get their freaking free T-shirts that they throw.
They'll have the usual 8 or 10,000.
They'll be your right.
They'll be sucking around for the free T-shirts and stuff.
They'll be looking up at the jumbo tron.
Oh, it's me.
It's me.
Look at that.
I'm up on a screen.
They freaking do that at T-World to make everybody happy before the show starts.
They think you are.
But they'll be, they'll fight over a $5 T-shirt but they'll pay $60 for a freaking ticket.
Right.
I mean, anyway, it's just, I'm just so frustrated I'm going to lost forward.
Well, then I'm not the only one.
Thank God for you and me, pal.
Later.
See ya.
There you go.
We find, see?
I told you if you keep probing away, baby.
If you keep probing, you'll find somebody.
No matter what you're looking for.
420-0560 WQAM by having Fort Lauderdale, a beastly group stage hand, WQAM.com, with a world win.
I ain't got a way to go.
Welcome.
In that book I made it clear.
A book, a magic book.
What's up on it is where I see it.
A book, a magic book.
And watch it all through.
I sometimes say.
A book, a magic book.
I like his walk and I like his hair.
A book, a magic book.
I watch his jeans when he's stuck.
A book, a magic book.
I just love his magic book.
A book, a magic book.
When we're on tour, I just hope.
A book, a magic book.
He'll lose his grip and drop the soul.
A book, a magic book.
I see him on it.
I see him on it.
You can't have him.
Magic book, magic book.
A magic book.
Come on 2-0560 WQAM.
I forgot to commend our good friends on the morning team on the worst team this morning for a great job when they had Bota on the phone there.
Especially Squarehead, old Joe was really ripped him in ass.
Nice going, Eric.
I heard one million times from Neil Robb's season to his house.
This thing is amazing.
You saw that.
You didn't go anywhere near it.
No, no, I did.
I hit it on this.
Go fuck your behind.
Go back behind it again or under it.
Right.
The other thing, they went all the way back to the beginning.
That's the first one that's on there.
When it does that little funky thing, at least it always plays that thing.
That same one.
Is the tab in the number one or they near each other on that keyboard?
No.
Huh.
What do you mean the number one?
Number one of that, if you press one, that's where it'll go.
But it won't play.
Right.
But I think you're going to say that.
No, I see what you said.
Otherwise maybe I gave it like a little, uh, one million times.
Ah, like that.
And the here's the house.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
George finally discovered my little, my little glitch bitch.
Go fuck your behind.
Yeah, well, we heard you said the first time.
All right.
Like I said, did a good job this morning.
Don't get carried away, Blockhead.
Now he did.
He ripped him in ass.
I love it.
Nice going, Eric Joe.
We got the Toriol testy.
And they told me some great stories about Toriol off the air, which I'm really amazed at a big fat old tub like that, doing so well for himself with the ladies.
But anyway, I'm not going to tell you what it is both time, but at least you're getting some.
That's good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, and 10.
And for rise and wireless line.
60,000.
Look at this.
This is pathetic.
This is freaking pathetic.
Here's Miami with a question.
Yeah, I'm highlighting with a question mark and you're right.
It was him.
It was him.
You're starting to get right on it.
Here's a mobile in a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good afternoon, God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you know, that, then for that gentleman that spent the, quote, million dollars for his 10-year lease.
Yeah.
He must be getting a golden shower from Bill Murray.
Uh-huh.
Bill Murray?
Well, I mean, you know, coach Bo time himself.
Uh, Neil.
Bill Murray?
Well, Brian Murray, the whole organization.
Brian Murray ain't there anymore.
How do you know he's not pulling the strings?
Yeah, he's pulling the strings.
Okay.
Woo!
No, he's turning the faucets.
He's turning the fair faucets.
There you go.
Why do I do this to myself over and over again?
I enjoy it.
I'm a magic.
He sounds like most of you.
I love it.
Why the hell not?
Okay.
No calls.
That's it.
Bye, bye, bye.
The nice knowing you.
There's Mark Potter, how she doing here in a wrestling death case.
So this is why I'm okay.
He's talking about.
Definitely a maximum security facility.
He just was visited by his lawyer.
Jim L. L. L. That's good.
His lawyer ought to be in prison instead.
Publicity hound.
5607.0560.
Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Monitor.
We're going to have a show here today or what?
Huh?
All these people that don't want to hear about this stuff,
you can talk about whatever you want.
As long as we find it fascinating, interesting,
scintillating, amusing, titillating, something.
But they got nothing to say.
But whatever it is, don't talk about that.
Yeah, Bill Murray.
He's pulling the strings.
Maybe on a tampon.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Do you hear that?
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Go on.
And as soon as I punched that up the other of the office phone
I had a fart in it.
Do you hear that?
Well, I don't like all kinds of technical things going on here.
Let me just double check.
I'll see that.
The phone screwed up.
Have it a QIM?
No, I just hung up on that.
Yeah.
Well, there's line 7.
That won't even come up with the dial tone, George.
But the phone's not screwed up.
Look at that.
I'm punching it.
It doesn't even come up.
We go again, bluff.
Here we go again.
Have you done the whole building or something?
Where's my...
paperweight. There we go. Let's just do that till two o'clock and an 80 share. Okay,
we're doing a telephone talk show. First of all, the audience don't want to talk
into first place. Secondly, we find out the phones all screwed up again. Didn't you
hear that part that didn't do it on your phone? The part? No, the interoffice
phone. He went like that about two four minutes ago. Why like that? Okay, let's do a thing
of these were kill at crack. Here's the mobile and Hollywood. Hello? Yeah, finally. There
we go. Yeah, there's a service in the forest. Hey, I'm getting out of here tonight for a
week home at least. I'm getting out of out of Miami actually. What an awesome Texas. Have
you been there? No. No. I'm just going to music class on there. I've been listening to
you for ten years. I didn't get to call you on your anniversary. So happy anniversary.
Thank you, sir. Thank you so much. And if I could, can I have a shame with shame with
your quiet? I sure think I'll think about it. I've only heard it a couple of times. Yeah.
Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket song? Oh, man. The song. Not the whole call. The song?
Yeah. What's the name of that? What's the lotion in the basket? I'm not sure what this name is.
What's the name of the song, George? Is it a book of Rinders? The song or the bit? The song.
The song. I think it's lotion. Okay. I know what you're talking about. I got it. All right.
Okay. I have a safe trip. How? How to Christmas? I'm going to go there in Austin. Thank you.
Let's see. Is mine central working out now? No. Eight. Eight. Okay. Now three is dead. The
phone is all f up again. All we can say is we just can't keep it going. Here at QA and
we can't keep it going. I mean, as it is, as it is, it's a struggle. Even when the
phone was working earlier, it's a battle. It's a struggle. You can lead a guy
to have horse to water, but you can make him eat a hockey puck. You know what I'm saying?
And now we find out that the phone is dicked. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello? Neil. Yes, sir.
How are you doing today? Okay. I'm not if I can't subject or anything. Whatever you like.
There's no subject on the show. The subject is whatever the call is about to talk about.
It always has been. I don't know if he caught that 60 minutes two last night. No, there was
a woman on there who was actually in charge of an organization that organization. Yes,
that pays women of all minorities and everyone else $200 and they become sterilized. Great.
Oh, I wish I were to see that. I caught the very end of the show. I didn't hear anyone
out so far as to say call about it. So I just wanted to give you a heads up. It was on
60 minutes two. I can't remember what her name was, but she goes from inner city to inner
city and she actually pays a crack at $20 or $200. This is only the beginning. Notice
everything has to start with the beginning somewhere. This is the first step. That's right.
I mean, I was totally amazed. You should have seen all of the charters that were totally
in an uproar all over the state of California just saying that they could not believe that
this woman was allowed to practice business. But she actually gets why the hell not? They
got to be the first target, man. For sure, she gets contributions from like millionaires
all over the country that actually sent her checks saying, you know, we think you do
a great job here and actually have letters from the women that she's done this to saying
that we're very glad that you know you have a help with this. Now we cannot shoulder it
anymore. Oh, right. Thanks for the great news, Daniel. God bless you. I feel so much better
now. Oh, yeah, bulletin, Jimmy, your blue eyes, jealous. So the fish is old news. It
was yesterday's paper. Thank you for wasting our facts, paper. It's old news. We talked
about it yesterday. God says who are the 87 assholes? No, now it's 97 who want to look
like Wayne. Now they don't really want to just a little joke here. It's a little joke.
That's why I put it on there. It's a little shot. It's a little stuck at the fact that
he's bald and he's a grotesque and pockmarked or they used to say about him at the arena.
If you old Miami arena, yeah. Ten minutes after, no, hey, we got to use it for somebody
who said just Tom Jicke, you know, it's Dick Casper. Dick Casper. Not a Rick Casper, Tom
still don't know Dick after all these years.
Oh, it's a piece of sport radio 560. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion
in the basket. It mixes it all up. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts them both
together. It puts the lotion in the basket. When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion
in the basket. It has to hold it out. It puts the lotion in the basket. It's what I have
to get. It puts the lotion in the basket. It's to rub it on my brush. It puts the lotion
in the basket. I have to dry clean my skin so it puts the lotion in the basket. I
switch my feet by legs. I say, oh, I like to dance around his waist.
Oh, me. It's all the love squatted to the ass. Oh, me. I want to look more like a wolf.
My name is Pablo Bell. It puts the lotion in the basket. It makes it more by skin. It
puts the lotion in the basket. I hold my PPI. It puts the lotion in the basket. How
much do I have to dry my skin so it's not going to go in?
I have to dry my skin so it's not going to go in.
I have to dry my skin so it's not going to go in.
Stop 15 at 5.50 WQM. Don't forget, Cyburua and WQM presents our 2001 Colour TOOPS
hysteria contest starting today. Log on to WQM.com. We can also put your comments in
there about those pantheid trade and also start making your selections for one of the NCAA
tournament prizes. I'll be giving away after each round of the grand prize winner walks
away with a thousand dollars courtesy of Subaru and WQM and don't forget, Hanks got his
big NCAA tournament preview show to the 7th noon. The only on game night, Hard Rock Cafe
at 6, Panther preview at 7 o'clock tonight and then 730, the Oilers with the Panthers
from the Macarena, Peracoon Warmup on 790 AM. Actually, the Huracones and the Auburn Tigers
first round in IT and then 80K on here on QOM after the hockey game. Got it all that? Got
it? No. Oh, I'll write it down next time. Here's a mobile and Margate. Hello. Hello. Yes,
sir. Yeah, that lady was on the radio yesterday and advertising for her, her organization is
called CRACC. It's Children of Junkies and how she got started was she adopted about
405 of them and raised them and now now she started to, she adopted the kids out and
raised them up and now she got to go with them. She's got to go with them in Greyhounds. Yeah,
right? And now she, what she's doing is she's paying CRACC addicts and junkies and everything
money to be stylized. Great. And her name is Shirley something. I forgot to name her.
Hi Shirley, you go girl. She's got my support. All right. Maybe we can use her, we can support
her organization this year with our charity. That would be good. Yeah, forced sterilization
of America, FSA. I like it. Yeah, you know, that the thing that those billboards with Uncle
Sam, you know, wants you. Yeah, well, we can have another Uncle Sam with a dirty look
on his face, you know, pointing on. Uncle Sam wants you for the FSA forced sterilization
of America organization. Yeah, that's right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, that's the only way we're
going to do it, baby. In fact, I'm glad it, I'm delighted that guy called because first
of all, change is subject off that awful hockey stuff that nobody cares about. And I'm
soon, I just, you know, I don't care anymore. I just can't stand it. According to the Census
Bureau, this is about unchecked immigration, Boatzeil for the US future and the fact that
our tremendous overpopulation problems, many of their own linked to these illegal aliens
who are pouring into this country with lots and lots of chillins because they tend to make
lots and lots of good cat-like babies. According to the Census Bureau, today's population
is 270 million. Wait till you hear this, you better wipe your mouth off completely because
you will puke. Well, at least you got the enathcumhandic. According to the Census Bureau, today's
population is 270 million. We'll surge by the year 2050 to 400 million, with 90% of the
increase caused by immigrants and their descendants. 90% of the increase has the USA today. How do
you like that? First sterilization. So if we are going to let you come across the border,
if we are going to let you come in on a rubberwap, it's very least. We're going to fix you
right there on the shore. You can set up clinics right along the shoreline. Here's
Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Going once. Kendall's gone. You know, we never get a call from
Ken. I mean, we had that other guy that was a moron. Never get a call from Kendall,
from like a real person down there. Is there anybody left in Ken? No, probably not. Probably
not. Yes, sir. What's the deal with Correa? I'm so sick and tired of this big man. The
guy's B time is wide, and then nobody says the word. What does that mean? What does that
mean? What's the deal with Correa? What does that mean? What do they charge him or what?
It's ongoing. The investigation is ongoing. The swiping under the carpet is going on.
Yeah. And then I see there's eight lawyers trying to protect his rights. But let me ask you
something. What's everything to make? Why do you care about that? Who cares? Who cares
about Joe Carrillo? Who cares? I mean, makes me sick because every time
telling Cuban comes out, everybody gets real emotional and they, you know, throw up to
a tantrum and everybody has to bat down like Gileon, you know? What does he got to do with
the, what do you have to do with the joke? I don't get it. What does he have to do with
you? Are you Cuban? No. So then what are you worried about? Let them worry about it.
What's the Cubans worry about them? Let them have each other. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a GAT. See, I just, I can't get through to you people at all. I mean, 25
years. Oh, happy anniversary. All right. 25 years have been knocking myself out. We're
knocking my brains out, trying to get through to these people. Any success? No. None. Absolutely.
But Schmidt thought, hey, I made a few bucks a long way. Used to have a few bucks too
before I met my wife's name. I don't want to say that. It's her. Another desperate
day. Oh, there was that for me. And here that, there was the interoffice phone. Like
puking and popping. And we're getting tired of thinking here. Well, I'm going to get
a ride, George. I don't get any static.
That moment, please. I guess I better get the cord out. What do you mean? What is that?
I just had the anchor cord out. It's your FF phone, George. So it's a piece of crap
is what it is. It's a turd that I just drew on a guy to him for. Hope that at bait didn't
come under. Yeah, I hope the at bait just to speed all over the place. Bunch of crap.
You guys get Bob Vermuth in here. Okay. Stick his ass in it. Stick that end bait right
in his spectrum. Jackass. Vogue is placed put together with Scott's tape and glue this
place. That's his joint. Like the elevator deal we got over there. Oh, brother. Every
day the last two weeks, every big side don't get in his elevator. You'll get stuck in
there. Don't get in it. Yeah, but how do I get down to this? Well, we don't know, but
don't get any elevator. Chris Jumpont, the window. You got a better chance of making it
alive to the first floor. I should plug that back in. Well, things get dull. I'll just
plug that thing back in again. Oh, we'll just put the mic on the hallway and they can hear
the clamor from a power 96 down the hall. They can hear that too. You hear that? What
do you mean? Can I hear it? I mean, out of God. I just blow it. I mean, in the God's
name, static, we just had from that phone thing blowing up. I can feel it. Hey, how about
somebody go down the hall and tell Julio down there to crank it down a couple of notches?
They're jamming it at power 96. They're jamming it right in everybody's
rectum. Either they'll care. They don't give a crap. Content. Yeah, that's right. They
have nothing but content for it. They're the only ones in the building. They're the big
shots. They're programming all the like 12 and 13 year old punks out there. All they
got them gangs out there in cool springs. You A&P people. You're smoking. And that's
right. We're small potatoes. We're only the top builder in the market. So they got big
numbers there on FM. But you can't sell all that much pimple cream. You know, they crank
it down a little bit just now. Yeah. Yeah. That's because somebody went down the hall. Whoever
went down the hall, thank you. Okay. Maybe it was muff. Maybe muff went down the hall.
And, say, can you crank it down a little bit? Niels complain and stop. He's complaining.
Okay. Let's go back to this phone and see if this baby's working over here on this
side of the board. Here's a mobile and four-letter. Hello. Hello, Niels. Yes, sir. It's working.
I'll ride FSA FSA A&P. Right. I like that. FSA A&P. J.D.
L. F. What is it? Is he up in the kitchen? I lied last night. No. Wait. I'm talking about
the cops are using heat thing. I'm sure to catch dope dealers. They're using a
light. They're trying to camera in the house and look for lights. You know, heat from too
many lights. Really? They're really growing in their house. They're looking for heat
lamps. Yeah. How about if I'm just got a suntan, one of those panning lamps going? They
better get it out. They're going to bust you. Oh, boy. Better get rid of my plants.
Nearly the time I got. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Yep. There you go. That's the American
FN Wave, baby. I told you it's a police state. 5.6. That's okay. It won't be too long.
I'll be back on that plane across the pond, eating that mad cow and hoofing mouth and foot
mouth. That's right. But McDonald's, that's a good news. McDonald's and Burger King are
taking the tremendous measures to make sure that the rubber you they use in between those
buns don't have no crap on it. Because if there's one thing you don't want on your meat,
it's crap. Unless, of course, you were into that that what George was talking about.
I'm not talking about eating ass. I'll leave it to you in Dwight. You know, it's funny
because Brian Schmutz was in here this morning peddling me on some geriatric account that
I'm not going to do. And he never said one word about Channel 10. That's his account.
He was the one that was running around whining. Oh, what are we going to do? Channel 10's
upset because he's talking about eating ass and white lauderdale. I'm not talking about
eating white lauderdale. It's not in the middle of an char. Why would he say anything? It
was his girlfriend. It got a start of them. Maybe his girlfriend's been eating white
lauderdale's ass. I don't know how to help him. I know. I mean, after hearing about this
stuff that Brian Schmutz and his girlfriend were doing up in our sky box there at the Mac
Arena. Anything is a possibility. You know what I'm saying?
Bracket. Yeah. Could be. Or maybe Todd Tungan. Here's a lady in Coral Springs. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I subscribe to Child magazine. And I just got the April issue.
I thought this was kind of funny one to tell you about it. They've got a big article
called the 10 best cities for families. Number four is Miami. Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. Are you kidding?
Crack families they're talking about. Because they have 94 parks and the crime rate is reduced
by 40% since 1993. Yeah, there you go. Number four. I'm going to feel better. Aren't you
feeling safe now? The past people that live in other places of America is going to
back up and say, hey, let's go to Miami. They don't know what they're heading to.
Uh-huh. Ridiculous. Thanks for the good news. I'm going to go to the park right now.
Okay, bye. Thanks. Yeah, don't you feel a lot safer now?
Hi, let's all go outside. Let's walk around and over town. Let's walk in Liberty City.
No. Let's walk right down to the middle of Opalaka, 135th Street.
No. You're a bastard. Who says you have to be young to be sexy?
Hey there, sweet thing.
Get lost, Grandpa.
Introducing the latest colognes and undergarments from Tommy over the hill figure.
Their designs are drive even the most repulsed hot young females in your direction.
Just one split of old money colognes. And she'll put up with your wrinkly skin and surriuses
till the day you die. I love you. Oh, and my lawyer wants you to sign this.
And once she sees you in your Tommy over the hill figure, silk foxes,
look out. They've got secret pockets for geratol and viagra. Glow in the dark so she can find you.
Oh, I'm over here and even come with a clap on headlight so you can find your way to the bathroom.
You just went five minutes ago. Who says you've got to be young to get all the hot checks?
Jumpstart your nightlife today with selections from the Tommy over the hill figure collections.
It's just so sexy.
Okay, son, I'm waiting. Have a good time.
Sonny Rosenberg's screwing on a little bit. Now he's out in hell and
Dale. Maybe let's hear it.
I'm going to do some good news today after 150 years of being in there.
They finally said bye bye, sonny. Get lost.
And the reason I got pissed off of him was because he was giving me some crafter
in the hell and Dale digest about, you know, I said he was dead and yada yada yada.
Listen, that you may not be dead for real yet, but politically you're dead sonny.
I had it.
560560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
402 votes.
402 votes at 1230.
And that felt like an awful lot to you.
No, it's about right. No, it is not.
It's not. It's a lot.
Anyway, well, they're passionate about their passionate about Wayne.
They can't spend the haters ass. They hate every part of them.
They hate every part of his simply body.
Which best describes your feeling about H. Wayne Heizinger?
He's a rich prick who doesn't care about the fans.
246 over 61%. He's a rich prick.
Remember that song by Hall and Oats? He's a rich prick.
I wish I could look just like him 115, 28%.
I have no opinion about him 22, 5.4%.
And in last place, out of the four categories,
he's a great man who brought baseball and hockey to South Florida.
21, 5.1%.
Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello.
I heard you talking about hoping for my disease.
Yeah.
It was on the table with an air saying about all these next
things coming in here.
They got a disease with the warm in the brain or something.
I really catch all of that with somebody.
They have a bigger problem with that on California, Texas.
Yeah.
They have no warm in the brain.
Not out of these.
Yeah. Okay.
Thanks for your good news.
Warm in the brain disease.
Looks like too late to warn him about it.
5.670, 5.60,
pound 5.60.
We got 4,500 open lines.
26 minutes to go.
We got the wonderful over here.
It's on the floor.
A piece of crap.
Puking and popping and wailing and squealing.
I should plug it in again.
I like that.
I enjoyed it.
Killed a couple of good minutes.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I got three names for you.
Lucien Fontaine.
Okay, good.
That was yesterday.
Mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I don't know if you walked 60 minutes at all.
But I thought you last night when they were talking about
four sterile.
Yeah, we've been talking about that.
So we have any call about that.
All right, just do it again.
All right.
I just thought it was pretty neat that this woman,
I assume some organization like the NAACC gets on
and it was criticizing it.
And no one's twisting their arms.
You're going to keep doing it anyway.
Yeah, it's just, I thought you had a thought.
So I thought it was done.
Well, like I told the other guy, this is the beginning.
Everything has to have like a little spark,
a little rush starts somewhere.
This is the beginning.
Yep.
Great job, Neil.
I love the area.
Thanks.
Forsterilization, baby,
whether you want it or not,
I think you're coming.
Coming to an a hood near you.
560560,
pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Helen Dale, hello.
Hey, Sunny.
Hey, Neil, is that you?
Yeah.
Hey, it is Sunny at home, Dale,
because Sunny's gone.
First time it got Sunny at home, Dale.
In 20 years, thank God he's gone.
Yeah.
Okay, good one.
Good call.
Here's a mobile and four-letter, hello.
I think I better plug that other phone back in.
Hello.
Yeah, bad cell phone.
Well, we're having some real problems today, man.
Yeah.
Bad cell phone.
Yeah.
Bad office phone.
Yeah.
Yeah.
5607, 0560,
pound 560.
Like I said,
good no go already without guy.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, you're absolutely right.
Wayne's just going to leave us with no team.
There's nothing and all I can say is,
go ahead, Minten.
I love you Tommy.
Okay.
Oh, and we now we got Edmonton fans.
That's good.
Do you think we really have any Edmonton fans here?
No.
No, I don't.
Maybe he's got a thing for Tommy's cell.
I would like to switch.
5607, 0560,
pound 560 on a AT&T line.
Looking for some real callers here right now.
We sure have a real desperate shortage at the moment.
Lady in Miramar, hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
You're talking about wanting to lose weight.
So I have a suggestion for you.
Just eat food that you don't cook.
Don't cook.
You mean like intermittent donuts would be good?
No, no, no, no.
Oh, I don't think you cooked donuts.
Things that grow in the ground.
Fruit and vegetables.
Can't eat fruits and diabetic.
Oh, you can't eat fruits?
No, I'm not very many of them.
I'm diabetic.
But what about vegetables?
Well, can nuts.
Nuts, I do like nuts.
Well, nuts.
Yeah.
And that gives you your protein,
kale and spinach.
Kale?
Kale.
Kale.
I'm not eating kale now.
I will not eat kale.
You want to kale?
No.
Because you can cut it up real quick.
No, I will not eat kale.
And juice it.
No.
Oh, with apples.
If you mix it with apples,
I can't have apples.
I can't have apples if you're a fruit sugar.
Oh, okay.
Okay, so, okay, kale's out.
But anyway, you could try that.
I mean, maybe three-
Well, what do you mean I could try that?
What is that mean?
You could try eating like three-quarters
of your diet uncooked
and see how much weight you lose.
Like two weeks, try it.
Three-quarters, so in the sun,
otherwise if I have like all of that stuff,
vegetables all day and then maybe a banana split,
eight o'clock at night,
no ice cream.
Oh.
That ice cream is not sugar.
You can't have ice cream anyway, you just said, right?
No, sure I can.
I just had to talk with milkshake
from steak and shake.
It was great.
But you can't eat anything sweet, right?
I'm not unless I like it.
If you're going to cheat, eat something good.
Okay, well.
I'll crap like an apple.
Who the hell wants an apple?
But an apple has all very good ingredients
and it's better health.
Okay, I don't think so.
Thanks for trying, sweetheart.
But it's boring until I'd rather go back to talking about hockey,
myself and about the fact that Wayne is an asshole
and the organization.
I just like saying the organization.
How do we even want to talk about hockey?
But I do love hearing it.
The organization.
I love it.
I get sexual assignment from that.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to slice up an apple
during the break, I'm going to keep saying,
the organization, the organization,
I'm going to just keep saying it over and over again.
This is 560 QAF.
You're listening to Real Sports Radio.
Dear boy, I'm sorry.
Sports Radio 560 QAF.
This is Abansha Hood.
When visions of those caucuses go running through my head,
I'd go collect the jars with parts from bodies from the day end.
With her heart and kidney served with poppies and wine,
I've got a big desire to fight a hand now,
because I want to live night,
animal,
illicit,
free,
piety,
animal,
I want to live
to just collect all the papers
from the prison,
the heroes,
the speakers,
and the
night,
animal.
Long away, kind of low.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Well, I tell you, that was a, I don't know whether it was good or not,
that movie we had conflicting reports,
but that was kind of like a flash.
Everybody talked about that for about three or four days,
and it looked in duct.
Yeah, huh?
That means it must have sucked.
It must have really sucked.
Even though a fabric setter was good,
but, you know,
I don't know how we can see
over all those fools of fat anyway.
But, uh, I heard,
and Joe Costa said it was awful
when the worst things he's ever seen was fine.
And Joe's got pretty good taste.
Don't say for that NASCAR cramp,
but other than that, he's got pretty good taste.
5, 6, 7,
oh, and by the way,
here's the phone number for anybody out there
that would like to recall somebody up and say,
Maticone,
the same, this is the punk that's been called us for about two,
three years, same one,
some Julio.
So, he probably like hearing from years,
numbers 305,
458, 8034.
Okay, sooner or later eventually,
we get them all, you know?
Sooner or later, we get all the numbers.
So, you want to play with us?
We'll play with you.
305,
458,
8034.
Maybe he's looking for some Maticone is out there.
And the audience,
a boyfriend.
So, maybe when you call him,
you just say,
maybe three o'clock in the morning.
Maticone, like that, he enjoys that.
305,
458,
8034.
Some Julio in date,
who obviously needs help.
Or maybe just looking for a boyfriend.
Mobile in North Miami, hello?
Any I or you?
Okay, sir.
Hey, listen,
did I understand you correctly
when you didn't hear Buffalo Bell Tory
on with the worst thing today?
I heard him.
I was in the other room, yeah.
When he was, when Joe was ripping him
and asking about the vacuities,
did he sound like Buffalo Bell
when it was reciting?
Yeah, yeah,
it's pretty much so.
That's probably where you're at.
Hey, well, anyway,
listen, you know, I wanted to ask you a little bit of question.
When you're talking about Pop No Park,
don't you think that would have been
any better place for our stadiums?
I beg your pardon?
No, they won't.
No, of course not.
It's way too far in North.
Why do people,
the place for the stadium is where the stadium is now?
That's the place for the,
you know, I don't know what it takes to convince people.
You look at a map, okay?
The overwhelming majority of the population in South Florida
is in Dayton, Broward.
You know, we got some people in Palm Beach too,
but Dayton, Broward, the county line,
that's the center of population.
Not up in Popno.
In addition to which there's
a honey honey yet there, I mean, okay,
Turnpike 95,
but even so, that's not a convenient location to get to.
They have all that Lake Lucerne land up there
right by the present stadium.
That was the place for the baseball stadium.
That's where it is right now.
Now this guy made a bad deal with Baldi,
okay, if they were to make a good deal,
they could have found some way to put in more skybox,
do something with that place, you know?
Maybe stick a dome on it.
Maybe stick Wayne's dome on it.
Whatever it is we're going to do.
That's the place for it.
And this bull crap about,
well, downtown Miami and the riverfront,
who the hell in there right now wants to go to downtown Miami
for anything?
Nobody wants to go down there.
And they're never going to want to go down there.
It's the same old, tired crap.
The Miami Herald and the Dave County politicians
over, this has been going on for years now.
They're going to force feed.
Everybody's going to schlep downtown Miami.
Are we going?
No, we're not going.
We're not going.
But, you know, something,
I've changed my opinion about this.
Because I'm pretty sure that tomorrow at that meeting,
they'll give them someplace.
They'll give them something.
Because now they're saying,
oh, we don't want by Centennial Park anymore.
Now, it's not today or a lot,
if they know they're not going to get it.
So they don't want to sound so
immovable and intractable and unreasonable.
So whatever you give us,
we'll take it.
We'll try to make you grow up there, you know?
And I'm sure that they'll push it through.
And I hope they do at this point.
Because that will be the last white elephant
they'll ever build in this town.
That'll be it.
They'll have another big fiasco.
There'll be another big baseball strike act
the next season.
And then that'll, and everybody will be totally fed up
and turned off and nauseated.
And now we'll have another white elephant sitting there.
And the public will finally wake up and say,
you know what?
That's the end.
That's the finish.
Just like they keep waiting for this big
capitulation on Wall Street, you know?
Even like today, well, this is, you know,
it's bad, but it's not bad enough.
It'll line like, you're not going to have anything left.
And then, well, that'll be it.
Then when both indexes get to zero,
then we'll reach the bottom, you know?
Kind of like my account.
When it gets to zero.
Tomorrow.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I guess you haven't heard your colleague
in the morning.
Beefo has the answer to your diet problem.
Haven't you heard that?
Oh, yeah.
The one where you lose weight while you're sleeping, yeah?
Yeah, well, yeah.
Well, see, DeFo has never met an account
that he wouldn't pedal on the air, you know?
You take this stuff right before you go to the office.
I know.
Also, they brought that stuff to me and I said,
no, no.
They offered me to do that spot.
I said, no, I don't do bogus fake stuff on here.
But DeFo, he's never turned.
Anything that anybody else turns down,
they take it to DeFo.
Hank won't do this spot.
Neil won't do that spot.
Take it to DeFo.
He'll do it.
You know, like, hey, Mikey, he likes it.
That kind of thing.
He'll do it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Pomp 5, 60.
He had that woman before with her kale.
She's been watching Fatso too much.
Remember, he was eating chicken and kale?
Oh, yeah.
Well, Zanya, for you, kale for me.
Who's being naive now?
K.
Will you speak English?
K?
Here's the lady in dear field.
Stop speaking Italian.
Lady in dear field.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, I just wanted to let you know.
Tony and I think you're an asshole.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
Thank you.
I don't even know.
Tony?
Tony, I think you're an asshole.
Tony and her.
Tony and I think you're an O.G.
Oh, I've heard now.
If it was just Tony, it wouldn't feel so bad.
But you two bitch.
Wow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Now don't get carried away with that.
Okay, just calm down.
Just a lot of efforts.
Oh, I see.
Keep it in the list.
I don't think she's your type.
No, but in high a Leah.
Hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
Well, you were talking about that
Hannibal, the Cannibal movie.
Yeah.
The book, I got the book and read it
when it came out because I thought
the first one was good or the first two were good.
Uh-huh.
It was written by five different people.
Really?
And just a bunch of people.
And the vines together
completely nonsense.
The movie was okay
because Anthony Hunt popped into this good.
But the book, the whole thing was a total
like let's rush the print so we can get it
to a simple make it a movie and make millions.
Yeah, terrible.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Thank you.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6,
the on the AT&T Info-Lines and Wireless Live.
And I mean, I realized, you know,
some people like Kale, some people like
a banana split.
But it's astonishing to me that,
you know, take 100 people to go see a movie like Hannibal.
And 50 of them will call you up and say,
God, that was really pretty good.
And it was, you know, scary and it was this
and that I really enjoyed it.
And the other 50 will call up like this guy and say,
it was the worst piece of garbage.
It was just crap.
Pure unadulterated crap.
You know what I'm saying?
But if everybody liked Hannibal,
then there'd be, you know, no seats available.
Standing room only.
Like the hockey game tonight.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, if Bill Goyne wants to really talk to occupants,
you ought to be able to deal with you and say,
with Goldberg down the first piece.
Oh, the difference being out of one of them on the show.
That's a different one.
Okay.
And in addition to which,
if I got so many hockey fans out there,
how come I can't get any of them to call?
I've been begging them for five years.
They won't call me.
Well, let me just, in closing,
let me just say one thing about that happened.
I listened to them this morning.
I have to admit, I wanted to hear what they had to say
about the trades and stuff.
And they, Goldie said to,
DeFo, if you like Len Berry,
you'll love this new guy, Adam.
Yeah.
So I just want to point out to you
that this Len Berry is the same guy
that couldn't make the team the last three years.
Your Kevin Adams is a tough,
knows, hard, known little kid,
but he's not going to score a little goals.
He's not an impact player.
He's not going to make a big change on his team.
Who's going to score all the goals that Mark Perish
and Ray Whitney and Mike Sylinger
were going to score on his team?
Who they got to score those goals now?
And the answer is nobody.
My point is that that's how far
his franchise has gone to the last three years.
Now comparing this new guy
to the second coming of Len Berry.
That's right.
That's right.
Right.
Okay, thank you.
And don't get me wrong,
Len Berry is a hard-knosed,
you know, tough play in the guy.
You know, all of that,
but that's it.
He's not going to score a lot of goals.
He's not an impact player in terms of,
you know, turning a franchise around.
And they're just, they're not interested.
Just accepted for what it was.
It was another one of Wayne's fire sales.
Cut the salaries.
Cut the overhead.
He's getting ready to unload it.
He's not going to pay anymore for what he has to do.
And he expects you to still come out and subsidize him.
And that's what I,
and I just can't fathom it.
I can't understand it.
What some of you folks are thinking about.
And I could just imagine if I were there tonight,
which I won't be,
I'd be in my section,
and I'd be looking down
and coming up,
schlepping up those steps
would be the same people
with the same sad looks on their face,
shaking their heads.
Uh, gee.
Why?
What are you doing there?
When you find they're going to wake up
and make a statement and say,
you know what?
We don't care if we do have the ticket.
We'll stick them in the drawer somewhere.
We'll stick them in a fireplace.
Even if we have to drill a fireplace.
We'll stick them in a guy named La Toilet.
Just to show these people that we're getting
that to the end of the line here.
And we're not going to keep paying billions of dollars.
You can't pass off chicken crap or shrapnel
but you can't do it.
But do what you like, okay?
Because you will anyway.
Because that's the kind of town this is.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
I'm on as far as the stock market goes.
What do you want to complain about?
You're making $50,000 a week.
Yeah, what about it?
What about it?
What about it?
What about it?
Blow it out your ass, okay, pal?
Blow it out your ass.
What I'm making is my business
and how much I'm making in losing is my business.
And at this to which I'm complaining
because just like everybody else,
we're losing our ass.
And what would you know about it
or punk like you anyway?
Punk.
Punk.
Which I make more in a week
than you make in a year.
Punk.
What kind of car are you driving?
Punk.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm a first time listener
and I've come to the conclusion of it.
Yeah, huh.
Uh-huh.
First time listener.
Go listen to tomorrow, okay, pal.
Maybe you might learn something
like how to speak English.
5, 6, 7.
George is on the world path today.
He's relentless.
He's forming it to mouth.
Here's a mobile and local locker.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, you ever heard of a L-carnitain?
Yeah.
That's some caritain.
Yeah, he was once a guest on my show.
Hey, now I know what you're talking about.
What about it?
That's some pretty good stuff
for if you want to work
and ever lose some weight.
Well, what does that mean?
It means that I don't know.
Now listen to what you just said.
If you want to work
and ever losing some weight,
what does that mean?
What you just said?
I mean, uh, you know,
making a few things changes,
cutting back a little bit on the dinner rolls
and some weight.
I don't eat dinner rolls
and I don't eat white bread.
I don't eat bread.
Any bread.
Then you're in good shape, man.
No, no, no, no, I'm not in good shape.
I'm as fat as a pig.
Well, you're prepared for it.
It's a pretty safe product.
I did a lot of research.
I put my wife on it.
She was wanting something
and I did some research on it.
Was something, yeah.
She was wanting to lose some weight
and it had really good results for her.
She went with that.
Well, what did she do?
I mean, just to say,
I have a caritain at home.
I haven't started taking it yet.
I have a whole book on it.
Okay, she got the liquid version
because it's faster into the body.
Right.
And she takes it.
The rule with the liquid was
you can't have any food in your body
when you take it, right?
And so she takes it
and you have to wait 15 minutes
and you're on your way
and you can eat your normal stuff
or whatever you're trying to do.
Well, what do you mean you're on your way?
Well, what does that mean?
You're on your way to what?
To the toilet?
No, she's never had any of those types of results.
It's what it's like to...
You're on your way to what?
What are you on your way to?
You don't have...
Like if you take a capsule form a bell conatine,
you're supposed to wait an hour
before you can take any food
or have your morning cup of coffee.
But what does it do?
It lets your body use fat energy.
Fitbox for large and then the bars go.
I'm serious, man.
I wouldn't lie to you.
I'm telling you the truth.
I have a whole bunch of it at home
that I bought when I bought that book
and I never started taking it.
I'm telling you, man.
My wife loves this.
How much did she lose?
My wife was never real heavy.
She lost about seven pounds.
She's very small.
She's five foot tall.
She was about 107 pounds.
She wanted to get back to 100
and she lost it very quickly in about three weeks.
Well, with all the respect,
if I left here today
and I had the two great ball movements
that I did after the show yesterday,
I could lose seven pounds too
but it would come right back.
I'm going to take some today.
I'm going to do it.
It's really good.
I've told them a lot of other guys
of the results my wife had.
And there's some...
I know quite a few people have tried that.
I don't sell nothing.
I don't want them to do it.
They're stuff...
I'm going to do it.
I'll let you know tomorrow how much weight I lost.
All right.
Thanks, Noah.
Okay.
1257 and 560.
You're on your way, man.
You're on your way.
The San Jose.
420-560-W-Q-A-M-I-A-M-E-4-Ludderdale.
A visa for San Jose.
It's a hand, W-Q-A-M-DOT-COM.
With a word.
Oh, Brian, it's the one to two hours.
I'm going to tell you something right now
and you can mark it down.
If Broadway Conor would change their mind
and decide they wanted to build this facility,
I will not play here.
Because I will not have you guys
looking at me for the next 10 years saying,
here's a guy that said one thing
and went out and did something else.
Good luck, Andy.
Hey, that's God.
I'm going to go for a...
I think the ground where you just did...
In the corner, go for a...
Is there any other thing that Black do it?
Yeah!
In the corner, go for a...
It should be locked on the dummy niche.
Where it works?
In the corner, go for a...
I keep going for a...
Out of here.
1020-560-W-Q-A-M-S-H-A-M-L-Q-A-M-I-A-M-E.
Here's the facts from Sean and Carl Springs who says,
I've been a seasoned ticket holder for the Panthers
since they wanted to me.
I will not spend one more dime on that organization.
I've seen the good and the bad and the ugly from this franchise.
The latest games, the owners and GM are playing sucks.
Any knowledgeable fan can see what's going on.
Torian, Heizing, are dumping salaries.
I can't believe his valuable player as Syllinger
can be going to a team for the playoffs
as best they could who's get a third round pick.
Yeah, Ottawa, they're only the best in Eastern Conference, right Sean?
And don't be surprised after all the money is collected
from their base of season ticket holders for next year
that they'll make an announcement that Pavel Burry will be traded.
I personally don't think he'll be here at the start of next season.
To have Torian TV yesterday that small players
are prone to getting hurt, never told guys like Cosloff
were ill-laws and when he was here, Mellon being of course
the king of injuries, Robbie Nidimar.
I tried to justify some of the actions of the organization,
but the actions of the past few years have turned me off so much
I haven't been to one game this year.
I feel bad for Pavel who's worth a price of admission alone,
but I will not be back anytime soon.
Love your show Sean and Carl Springs.
Hi there you go Sean, nice going to Edward.
And I will not be back anytime soon,
except Saturday when I'll be going to watch the Toronto Maple Leafs
at whoever they're playing.
5670560, Pavel 560 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile in Hylia, hello.
Hello. Yes sir.
Call me out.
Yeah.
Yeah, I just want to ask you something.
How come you didn't go to the Kaya Ocho?
Maybe my boyfriend would look at for you.
No, I don't go to Kaya Ocho.
I go with his picketing list.
I don't go.
Yeah, okay.
Five to you and your boyfriend were looking for me.
5670560, we believe that.
Pavel 560 on the AT&T.
Well he, yeah, Pavel, whatever.
Yeah, I look for him but there's a few straight people, okay?
Not Kaya Ocho.
Too many ricksonches want to be.
Here's the lady in Davy, hello.
Hi Neil, I just want to comment on yesterday's show
regarding the fact how small dogs have antiseptic in their saliva.
And how informed me when I found that,
as I had a bad wound on my leg and my small dog kept looking
the wound over and over.
Really?
Yes.
Like she was actually healing my leg.
She was?
Yeah, I just want to let you know.
I find you very informed.
You just learned that?
I just learned that.
Well, I'll be danged.
I did.
Well just be careful what you let your little dog lick.
And I also want to highly recommend purple parrot water for dogs
that's the only water my dogs drink.
Okay.
And tell your husband the no problem with a free plug.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line, it's just getting really astonishing.
Isn't it?
Yes.
Getting amazing.
Oh, please.
Okay, let's take last couple of calls here.
Then we'll put the plug that out of the phone back in.
Play that sound a little two o'clock.
And I'm saying you want that last bodyglobal phone number?
How'd you get that?
I thought that was a mobile.
Well, it was.
And we got that too.
Yes, we did.
Well, let's give him his mobile number out then.
That's a little five out there.
Yeah, if anybody wants to go to Kaiyoto next year with that little
aspect that we just had on 305,
298, 298, 8274, 8274.
Well, you're a busy beaburner today on that phone trace.
305, 298, 8274.
Call up that little hulio after you call up the other one.
You just call it.
Not a call, not a call, not a call, like 2, 3 in the morning.
Now that they know each other's phone number,
they'll call each other right.
Maybe get a date.
Maybe they can go to maybe hook up for Kaiyoto next year or Kaiyate.
560, 505, 60, 05, 505, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Yeah, that's our vast hulio audience out there.
That's a, you know, that's a medley of their material and their vocabulary.
Maricone, Maricone, Maricone, Maricone, that's pretty much it.
Over the last 25 years.
Thank you so much.
Here's the deer field.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I got a couple suggestions for Lou's and Wink.
Yeah.
You have a hockey stick and oh.
560, 705, 60, 05, 505, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Wireless Line.
Mobile and coconut crere, hello.
Hello, David.
Yes, sir.
Okay, I wasn't sure I'd know all those eight things that you're driving to talk with.
What is it?
Have you been out in Denmark, ladies?
Have I won?
I've never been out in a way.
I've never been out in a way.
Can I have him?
Shit.
Let's go to a mobile and for, in Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Is it Neil Rogers?
It sounds just like Neil Rogers to me, yeah.
Neil Rogers, I'd like to give the phone number out to Reverend Jones.
All right.
Okay, good.
You know, the last one, that's the number you need to get.
That asshole, he's just out of control.
All right, listen to me or not.
He's the one you need to do again.
This guy just, 80,000, uh, whatever the last one was on there, I don't know, one, two, I don't know.
Crazy person.
Over and over and over and over.
You're gay.
That guy, it's a hobby now.
Here's our last call day, mobile and Miami, hello.
Well, it's going on, Neil.
Not a thing, you're at pound, you're the only call I got after 25 years.
Oh, you're congratulations on your 27th.
Yeah, you're right, cheer.
I mean, what's, I mean, I appreciate it, but what's the point in saying that what I'm saying here talking to myself
and a bunch of mouth readers?
What's the point?
There is no point.
25 years of this crap.
Okay, let me ask something, Neil.
Um, and they'll leave you there once to plug purple clear water.
Is there a penelope homosexual?
No.
He's not.
Not that I know.
I mean, the room that goes around and there's the other thing.
Was he sort of semi-promised, uh, a congressional seat if he helped out the party?
I mean, that's another under rumor that I hear under this.
Sir, let me ask you something.
Why, why are you asking me these questions?
Who cares about him?
I think you know.
Who cares about him?
I don't care if he's doing a billy-goat.
What difference does it make?
How do I know if he's a homosexual or not?
How do I know that?
I thought you know, that's a group of homosexuals hanging out.
You would know.
Well, he ain't one of them that I'm hanging out with, okay?
Okay.
All right, I'm sorry, you know.
Okay, you ought to be sorry.
Okay, go wash him off out with, uh, with, uh, with, uh,
and then you have to do that.
Take it up, go ahead.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Wow, that's all I can say today, baby, is wow.
They thought it was alien.
They thought it was the election and Chad's and then,
oh, it's not just that.
It's an isolated incident, okay?
It's this place.
There is something really, really strange going on in this place,
in this town and this joint, in this state.
In this area, okay?
We need to start our own organization and investigate.
This is 560, QAO.
Another dick in the White House?
Hey, what's eating?
Cowboy dick.
Hey, look at Ruse, there's nothing like a little cowboy dick.
Nice, good.
I want something.
I've got a craving.
Yeah, well, how about some cowboy dick?
All the cowgirls love my cowboy dick.
And I should know, because I'm cowboy dick.
I like my cowboy dick with some nuts.
No problem, Bartner.
Introducing Cowboy dick with not so big,
you can hardly wrap your lips around.
My youngins love cowboy dick.
Hey, I'm Phil your posse with my cowboy dick.
Oh, cowboy dick.
Here, Chad.
How is it?
I can't talk.
My mouth is full of cowboy dick.
She's smiling.
She's smiling.
Phil, you're mad with my cowboy dick.
A cowboy, your grossest freezer.
Once you had your first cowboy dick,
you won't ever go back.
When you're filled with cowboy dick,
kill screen.
Oh, yeah.
114.
Well, maybe, well, maybe you want.
I think some of our callers today might do that.
Kind of like do that a little Ned Baby routine.
5667.
0560.
What have I given those numbers out for?
All of a sudden, we got a caller to it here.
Grab them.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
In here.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, buddy?
OK.
Are you going to go away for an old summer?
Yes.
So you're going to come back when the October's on there?
September.
I'm going to miss them now.
I like to show you.
You're the only white person that can talk about that.
People that haven't do it.
I don't tell you.
This is only March.
I mean, it's not anywhere near the summer.
It's where we're still the middle of March.
Well, I'm missing you already, man.
Like you made my day.
Well, enjoy it while you got it.
You know what I'm saying?
I got to get you.
OK, pal.
Hang in there.
Don't eat too many watermelon seeds.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got a lot of great dark folks out there in the audience.
They're pissed off.
They don't want to hear that hockey crap.
They don't want to hear about hockey.
Grab them and know from that.
Who the hell can blame them?
You're right.
I'm wrong.
I'm wrong.
I, this is my capitulation day.
Just like the market.
Look at that.
Downs 3652 on the down.
You know what I'm doing when I get home?
I'm going to call out that little bald-headed prick.
And I'm going to get rid of anything that I got that's like,
I'm not taking any losses.
Don't get me wrong.
I mean, little loss.
You know what I'm saying?
That's close.
Where my head is like close to above water.
I can look up and see those bubbles.
And I'm just going to start like a cash.
Any cash?
Cash in out, baby.
And over the next year or two,
anything that starts getting close to even a fun,
the stock, anything.
Cash out.
Put it there in the piggy bank and wind it out, cash it out.
Now we never, we never get the same call from Wellington.
You know that.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Break in your tent.
Are you in Wellington?
Well, I'm on a mobile wall.
Oh, I'm sorry.
OK.
I don't deliver.
I guess you're right.
So can you give me the straight skin and the straight poop on this straight?
On what?
The Whitney trade.
It seems like just in vendetta.
There was, you know, Blue Jack is going nowhere.
So what there was point of the trade?
It's co-ordering the Blue Jackets are going nowhere.
At least he's trying to build an exciting young team up there.
And Doug McLean's a big,
Ray Whitney fan and the Panthers are picking up a million dollars
of what's left on Ray Whitney's salary the next two seasons.
And, you know, and he's, and here it's strictly a cost cutting
even though they're giving away a million dollars or that.
They're still cutting the rest of the cost.
It's it's hockey on the cheap here's what it is.
That's what I'm getting at.
Why would you take send a player that is supposed to be trouble in the rocker room
to a team who knows whose coach is throwing the GM, those, those of them?
Right.
Doug wouldn't have that.
I'm going to tell you something.
Of all the players, I know Ray better than anybody else on the team.
I went to, I took him and his wife to dinner.
He's a great kid and that's just,
all they're doing like they were that article from Mike Lucio.
I told the audience that two, three weeks ago that after the article came out,
all they were doing is try to make him escape coach, set him up for like,
well, he's bad, he's evil, he didn't do this.
And so that when the trade would come that they wouldn't possess many people off,
which they still pissed everybody off.
I tell you what, before Pablo got here,
the two years he was the only thing he'd go there and looked at.
That is absolutely correct.
And I mean, I mean, I look at him definitely new, but I was, but,
hey, I'll say if he was the ugliest player on a god damn tini,
he still has been a hell of a player and he's still a great kid.
And the fact is that they just keep slapping the public in the face.
Maybe it's just something to sell, sell jerseys.
I mean, every time you go in there, people learn jerseys are players have been traded out here.
You say, can't keep up with him or maybe.
Well, they're selling jerseys.
You have to have people coming in the joint, you know what I'm saying?
I don't think I'll be too many people.
I told you I found his daughter, we sat and talked a little bit,
there's too many cell, but I had to drive an hour to get to those games.
I might as well drive the door and then watch the store,
but it's not even crazy.
I can't afford to pay three out of that.
There's 1,500 dollars.
Oh, then stop doing it.
I'm doing it. I'm not stopping.
There's no way I'm getting next year.
There's no freaking way.
Okay, pal.
Thanks.
Good luck. I'll see you in Orlando.
Yes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Palm 5, 60, only 18T and Verizon wireless line.
Now what were those numbers we were giving out?
Oh, you want to take one three.
Somebody to QAM?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, man, you all need to call the dogs off, man.
I called you right before you last break.
My account.
No, man. I wasn't me.
Listen, I was calling you to talk about hockey.
I couldn't hold the other guy.
My coach never makes it to your time.
I've ever called George never makes me sick.
The second time I've ever called.
Let me say it again. George never makes me sick.
This is my work phone, man.
You think I would grant off somebody from my business phone?
I got 20.
He gets called any call any.
We get tons of people that client call us from their work phone.
Everything from my business phone.
Yeah, that's right.
No, listen, man.
This is the second time I've ever called.
I was just calling about.
What number was it?
4 or 5 or 8?
It's a 298 number.
Oh, that number.
Yeah, I mean, you're going to give it again.
No, I just gave us the first three digits.
Okay, well, and the economy right now is we speak, man.
Listen, these kids, man, do anyways.
I was going to call you because, you know, I got a kid
and I got a little boy and me and my dad and my little boy,
we try and catch a couple of baseball games a year
and a couple of hockey games a year.
And, you know, we're not going anymore.
It was that simple.
Only I had to hang up because I couldn't hold over the break
and now I'm off for everything.
Okay, don't do it again.
I'll try not to call you again.
Exactly.
Don't do it again.
Okay.
Okay, 298.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50.
See, that's the game you want to keep playing.
Just like that Reverend Jones,
we're going to have to knock it at his door,
call it at his house three anymore.
We'll get it.
Just keep it up, you idiot.
No matter what little tactics he was in the Star 70,
all of this makes no difference.
We got our, we got our people, man.
We got our, we got Luca Brantzio in the case.
So you want to dick with us?
We'll dick right back.
Here's the Fort Waterdale.
Hello.
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm okay, sir.
Not hang.
I'm sorry.
You had me again.
But, yeah, you can make that.
I'm not quite that fat.
You couldn't make it with that, the restaurant, the mankind.
What about it?
I heard a commercial on it recently on this station.
I think it might have been on Hankshow.
No, it was on this show.
Okay, and I heard that the, I read in the Happy Hour Doctors' column
that there's supposed to open up,
are the owners of mankind are taking over September's
in Fort Waterdale.
Yes.
If they made with September's up there?
No.
On, on federal near Oakland.
No.
And they said it's going to be a real upscale.
In other words, the big and they know who the owners are
is going to be a real upscale place.
Yeah.
Are you familiar with mankind?
Well, it's one of my sponsors.
Yes, I'm familiar with it.
I mean, is it what kind of restaurants?
Is it steak houses?
Yeah, it's a steak and it's a gourmet restaurant, yeah.
It is.
Yes.
Of course, September's is more of a nightclub setup.
That's why I wondered.
You know what they do with it.
All right, just thought you might be able to, you know,
give me a little info on it, a little insight.
Well, why don't you call them up and ask them?
Mankind?
Yeah.
No, I'm not going to get an unbiased opinion.
An unbiased opinion of what?
What kind of place it is.
It's an upscale place.
It's a good place.
You're going to look, look, what can we expect up in Fort
Waterdale in September's, in the old September's?
How the hell do I know?
Why, like I said, why, why would they tell you what they're
going to build there, what they're going to put there,
sure.
You're an idiot.
And they don't want you anyway.
They don't want some old coot like you.
They want living and breathing people.
Not some old part like you that's called.
doesn't even know who the hell he's talking to. Hank, Ed, Jack, Renderick, he don't even
know who the hell I am this guy. I got news for when it comes to mankind, pal, you're
not part of it. You're part of old mankind. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
You're right. This year, it's like the corn and deliverance. It's your air special.
Man, I think the fact that Dow is down almost 400 points in the NASDAQs taking a pretty
good dive 263. Who hell can blame these poor bastards? Their life savings are vanishing
in front of their God damn eyes and see the thing with me is which I know doesn't make
you feel any better, but a lot of people, you know, they got in when the tech bubble
was still building. So they had went way up, but it wasn't all of their money that
they're losing. Follow what I'm saying. A lot of their profits that they're losing.
With me, I got in right there at the top. That's my bad timing. So every single
guy that's in my portfolio was money that I earned. Not one penny that I made like
in the market. That wasn't really my money. You see what I'm saying? You follow?
Uh-huh. Yeah. It wasn't just your winning the real. That's right. It was all, it's not
like funny money. It's all like real money. Or you, like I said, used to be real money.
Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And for lives in wireless line. Uh-huh. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil? Okay. Well, I was just in Vegas. It was great. I had to tell you
to call you and tell you about it. The Venetian, it was great time. Mm-hmm. And just take
your show on the road out there, man. Yeah. I really, I'm happy about this call, Neil.
Hi, I'm Nick Steer, ecstatic. I'm Deliris. No, I'm calling you. I was making fun of the people
in Miami and you're right. You know, people in Vegas are so much different than we
had Spanish the whole time I was out there. It was amazing. Yeah. All right. Great talking to you.
You have a lot of Mexicans out there too. I'd watch it. Well, not really. Watch out for
a lot of cook or watch. A lot of chinks out there too, but I watch yourself. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5,
60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and for lives in wireless line. Do what I'm saying? They don't care.
Hey, Wayne, go right ahead. Stick your hand in their pocket. Take all you can get. They don't
care. This is as long as you do it in English. That's all. Anybody out there to watch the hold up
a 7, 11 months to rob somebody on a street corner? Go right ahead. Just, uh, just don't do it in
some foreign language. Please stop calling that guy. Okay. The guy that says that he's not the guy.
When he's more the people out there that keep calling him, he's the guy. Well,
you're the one that traced the number or I know, but sorry, you can are you basically interior?
Are you saying that you're wrong? Sure. Hey, why not? I can make a mistake. I don't think I did. But,
you know, it's possible. How? I don't know. Maybe it was a little too slow. Maybe I picked up the
wrong line and star 69 the wrong line. I mean, that's possible. Every once in a while you'll
hit a wrong drop. Yeah, but there's a little bit of difference. Like if I hit right, like if I,
yeah, instead of, you know, like that, it's not going to change the end. I can check and, you know,
in the box. George, George, George, screw up and he owes you an apology. I apologize. Like five times
to him. He wanted to get on and plead his case. What? So please stop calling that guy. Call the other
guy. Probably wants me to give an apology to the first number we gave out definitely was not a
mistake. So they can call that. Oh, you mean the 305 458 803? Yeah. That's the original and most
famous muddy cone guy. That's the guy that calls all day every day with that. Really? Yeah. I
know that the other guys are just fakers. They're just, you know, if you original one, like the
original, that one I was in the law office today, or works in law office or whatever. Maybe, yeah,
the janitor at the law. Yeah. Or maybe you saw hot shot lawyer. Who now? How knows?
Okay. So we apologize today guy. Lay off the two 90 guy. Okay. Lay off. Please call the dogs off.
Call the dogs off, George.
26 after one at five 60. Who did QAF?
Two. Four.
No, Captain. I'm sports radio 560 QAF. I wish talk radio I've heard my life in WRC.
There you go. Now, little Clintons, P.U.
Good morning. Allow me to introduce my new business venture, pardon, you know, Versa Tame.
I don't care what you've done. Murder, embezzlement. If you're a cop, the made a woman walk home naked.
If you've got the loot, I'll give the charges the boo.
Even though I'm no longer the president of the United States, and I possess no real power,
I have found a way to jerry rig the system. I stole a diamond from the sales jewelry store.
How much you got? About a thousand bucks. Pardon me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Hey, I am business $600 million from my brokerage firm Jack. How much you got? $10,000. Pardon me.
I locked off my husband's willy. No can do mama. Sita tried to cobe in Myers.
Pardon University is not a field meeting with any institution of higher learning and may be illegal in most states.
If you've got the bread, the charges are dead. Yeah. Pardon me. Pardon me. Pardon me. Pardon me. Pardon me.
Pardon me. Okay, it's 133-835-60W.
Thank you, David, who is a private investigator, who's now helping us and get to find and identify
some of these chronics. You know, we all have a good sense of humor here. We're used to some of these idiots on the phone,
but sometimes after the four million time, it gets a little bit old. You know what we're saying?
The Luke. Yeah, the Luke with the crap in. So the guy, the first one that we gave the number out there,
the modicone guy, he lives in Hallembele, his first name is Roy. Now, what's this one that you got
out of here? That he claims to be original. Oh, you're the original one? Hello. But the other guy
picked up. Yes, sir. How can you get confused about my voice? I'm the original one. I'm the one
who sings to you on your birthday. Happy birthday, modicone. Yeah. Happy birthday, modicone.
Happy birthday, over home. Yeah. Sorry about that. Sorry, we'll never do that again.
Never track me down because I'm a truck driver. That's a moment. I'm always calling you from
different forms. Yeah, we thought you were a trucker or something that sounds like that. Yeah.
Okay, Mego. Okay, modicone. Okay, we'll get on. He ought to know about it. Yeah, he's here. Well,
truckers, you know, he probably stops at all and trucks down. We know they're not going in the same
door though. Well, maybe they are. Anyway, Roy and Helen Dale, we're going to make give you a number
out again tomorrow if you don't cut the crap. Now, the other guy we apologize to because George made
a mistake, we think. But I don't think so. You want to think? Even if I didn't make a mistake,
keep them on their toes. He's certainly full of regret. Oh, okay, one way or the other.
One way or the other, he ain't going to be crank calling. Okay, whether he was or not.
Mobile in the field. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Long time, Lee fan like yourself. Yes.
I look at what goes on in this town and if they were to do something like this up there,
Wayne, he would have to hide out somewhere in South America. But this isn't Tarrant. You know,
something during the break. I finally came back to my senses. I wish I would have done it before
the show started. I would have saved a lot of grief and aggravation. But, you know, even when we
got Pavel Brey and I came back from one of my many trips abroad and I came back on the year and
all excited. We didn't get any calls then. Nobody was excited. Nobody knew who he was. So, you know,
how would we expect these people? There are no hockey fans down here. You could put what they
know about this board into a fimbledon and have room for Frank Mahabal. It's left over. That's right.
It's unbelievable. You know, you look back at that Marty Strach, Jason Wolley,
right. Wormer. And you got Chris Wells. Boy, did he ever turn out to be a goal?
And then they fired McQueen. And, you know, and I hate to even say this ed Joe Vanaste is playing well
in that. But we got my question. I'm not. How all these guys start to play well for other teams.
There's got to be something wrong with the organization. There's no question about that. And, like,
you said in the beginning, if this was a knowledgeable, if it was a real sports town or a hockey
town, they would have ridden a way out of town on a real long time ago. But, uh, you know,
but don't forget Harold Ballard. We had a content with that for a long time too. So,
yeah, but he's pushing days. Yeah. Can I say ask you one last question? Yes, sir.
If you like hockeyburg, by the way, I'm very excited about that. What's that now?
hockeyburg. Yeah. You guys know who that is. Let me ask you a question real quick. No, I do.
Okay. Don the big dish. They cut me off of the CBC 8E2. You can't get any of the games anymore.
I mean, I got the small dish like you said. And they're the same. They'll only give me the local hockey,
which is the panthers. You can't get the CBC. Is there a weight gain? What would mean they'll
let me give you the local hockey? You get the hockey package on there. You get almost every game
that's being played. I don't know what they're talking about. So, in other words, I have to get the
hockey package. The hockey package. Right. And then they will give me all the games and the CBC on
Saturday night. That is, Aaron Yellen, Bob Cole, the whole world. That is right. And even
during the weeknight, you'll get some of the, some of the Joe Bowen games. Okay. And this is just
asking for the hockey package. Right. Thank you. Now, this is direct TV. You got right?
I got, I don't know what's, you know, it's what I got. It's the one that's taking over HBO
directed. They advertise on G5 transponder. Well, I don't know. I don't know what that is. I'm
going to, it's some dish 500 or dish 50. I don't know what they have to do. I mean, you didn't get
the direct TV. I don't know if it's direct TV. Well, why don't you find out before you got
the dish? Then you would have nobody get the hockey package. You're not my friend. In other words,
I might not be able to get the hockey pack. Not if you don't have direct TV. So, I got to get
direct TV. That is correct. Okay. Thank you, sir. Good luck to you, sir. Go leave school.
Okiberg. Okiberg. Wow. See, hockey talkers like Spanish down here. It's a foreign language.
But he's a big leaf fan. I say, I'm really happy they got the, he just, if you didn't hear me,
just keep the smoking right along there. Smoking if you got him. That's what we say.
22 before 2 at 5.60 WQA. So now we got our thank you by the way, David, at the,
I'm not going to give the name of the place on the air. Okay. But we got a private investigator
out there who's on the case. He's on the case and he might just be knocking on your door
three in the morning saying, my decon. Yeah. They play like men and they look like women.
Mr. Leclerc.
The safety of the, I'm disappointed. You passed on.
Cleary. Still eating people right after you kill them.
Hey, not even eating behind a tiny coat.
Leclerc.
Good girl, look at you.
Okay. He cleans the people.
Test the blood sugar.
If you see that a bowl on the street, better bother you.
I did need it.
Mr. Leclerc.
I've got to add.
How do you eat things through that funky mask?
No, it looks good.
You can't move your jaw.
The first animal to you's not down.
It's wrong, Leclerc.
I always start.
You pay a visit after you have a call.
Keep the clues and on your next reading.
Oh, just read my math.
That's the AC.
16 before two at 560 W to QAM.
567 O560. We got Hankwood is an NCAA tournament preview show coming up at two.
Geltay on game night from the Hard Rock Cafe at six o'clock.
Seven o'clock we got Panther previews.
730. The Edmonton Oilers. Red Hot.
They won eight, nine and a roll.
Whatever the hell it is.
Young, exciting team against what's left of your Florida Panthers.
And then on 790 Waxie we got the Hercune basketball.
And I T basketball.
Hercune's against Auburn.
And Niddy Kay follows Panther game here on 560 QAM.
About 1030 or so.
Got it?
No.
Here's a column saying Pete. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes.
This is Sonny Collins.
Neil, you could, things could always be worse.
You could have a lightning up here.
Now I got news for if we would have had a live service many times.
If that franchise would have been here, the hour would be someplace else.
No, I'm serious. They never would have supported them.
Not that you're doing such a great job of supporting, but who can blame you?
Yeah, really.
I don't understand what the purpose of that is.
And I certainly don't understand how they could afford to show off for Nikolai Hobby Bullum,
because no matter how much money they're going to spend for him.
I know. It's not anything.
He's not going to put any asses in the seats over there.
When the lightning were in St. Petersburg though, they were having 18 to 20,000 at a game.
When they're in downtown Tampa at the Ice Palace.
Yeah. They're lucky if they have 7,000.
Yeah, but because it's after how many more years of punishment, though.
Yeah, I'm caught while you guys kidding.
Of course.
I mean, this is the league now.
It's so watered down.
Who the hell wants to pay that kind of money to go see crap?
Yeah.
And then the sad part of it is you guys have got a nice young team offensively.
You got to look over the A and that Brad Richards kid and Freddie Moe Dean.
And you know, you need some management.
Huh?
No, we need some management.
We need some defense.
Yeah.
Defense.
Neil, one quick thing.
Pass on to everybody in South Florida.
I've been listening to your show now for many, many years.
Yes, sir.
Since before, in fact, when I lived in Miami in the mid-South,
I started listening to you back in them days.
People need to be able to be kissing your ass down there, man.
You're a real talk show host.
Yeah.
And on that one, can I have a real request, please?
Could I hear, I killed my teacher.
I haven't heard that in a long time.
What is it?
That song you got by killed, the guy about the little kid that shot his teacher.
Serving a lifetime.
Yeah.
Serving a lifetime.
I shot my teacher.
There you go.
Thanks, Neil.
Have a great day, Pat.
Okay.
So Freddie Modine, we did your band at least.
Not Freddie Modine.
Come on back.
No.
What the hell is this thing?
This blow.
I'll be your student.
I played a duper.
He had the honor of going.
All right.
That is the problem.
Those are all girls.
They could walk in that room.
This is my duper.
This is my girl.
But you were no making day.
I killed my teacher.
He was a taxidance.
I must have cabins and day.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
I know I just love that.
It's, I'm glad you asked for that, Sarah.
That was a great call because that would have just languished in there for a long time.
Just like the tuba player.
Providence before 2 at 5.60 W.
It's been a great day here.
It's been a pretty productive day.
It's part of the fact that two bumps along the road, but that's okay.
Just like Wayne's face, a few bumps here and there.
How's that poor coming in?
Estonishing.
536 votes.
They really hate your life poison Wayne, okay?
They responded this pool like we're given a t-shirt to wear or something.
Which best describes your feelings about Wayne H. Wayne H. Pinga?
He's a rich prick who doesn't care about the fans.
We got 336 of those people.
62.6%.
That was my vote.
I said, Wayne, you're a rich prick and you don't care about the fans.
That was a good stuff I said about you.
Not to mention your Pockmark complexion and your crappy attitude.
And your pussy wife with a goddamn bull crap about, you know, my good buddy.
Doug McClain in this potty mouth.
How come his dad's a father call in there, but Doug was going to be on a show today?
He must be a couple days behind.
Old Jim McClain there.
As a matter of fact, you know, I hate to break the news to you, but Tim Horton had a stop from getting any more of those signatures.
There was petition signed.
Yeah, he wants to wait till it comes back to life.
I wish I could look just like Wayne, 141, 26.2%, which means either they got a great sense of humor or they're really ugly.
Of course you've seen our crowd.
I have no opinion about him.
33, 6.1%.
And he's last and very much least.
He's a great man who brought baseball and hockey to South Florida.
25 or 4.6% out of 537 votes.
Only 4, less than 5% have something good to say about Baldy.
What does that tell you?
Tell us a lot.
Tell us that we hate you like poison Wayne and we want the $200 million back for the Macribean and we want the money back.
The season ticket holders, they want their money back.
They're tired of getting screwed.
That's right. They're taking it right up the old shoe.
And it don't even feel good, okay?
Here's something that will feel good.
A great pair of shoes on your feet from new balance.
Boy, I do love these shoes.
I do. These are the most comfortable.
See, I'm lazy. That's why I always wore those then loafers, you know?
Right.
I don't know what that is.
But the only problem is those shoes were dress shoes that had no support.
And they're really bad for your feet.
And then your feet start aching and you get old and your feet spread out.
But these here, see these, the walking shoes I got, all the loafers.
With the, is that what they are?
Well, I apologize.
Now that I'm getting old farting, if I can get that white cap on there,
I can start walking them all the afternoon there.
I can go to the saw grass and walk them all because these are great.
With the Velco straps.
See, so I don't want pie shoes, all the other pair I got.
You know, I like Thai food but I don't like Thai shoes.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Oh, your play by play is right here.
I'm a star!
Sports Radio 560.
You pay 10.
Near which me up into the morning.
Near life.
And then I touch my feet, be inside.
Near life.
Wearing my skin short, punching on the bone out of the boys.
To my head, but my diarro.
Probably, hopefully, it's worth it.
I don't think this is a bad one.
Near which me all different, but really, who is she?
Near, near, near, near.
I'm okay, I want you.
Near, near, near, near.
Near, near, near.
I'm okay, I want you.
Near, near, near, near.
Near, near, near.
I'm okay, I want you.
Near, near, near, near.
Near, near, near.
Near, near, near.
Near, near, near.
Near, near, near.
Near, near, near.
So hang out with Vegas, somewhere jealous.
It's all I can say.
Hank is not as way to Vegas tomorrow.
He'll be here today.
But tomorrow he'll be on his way to Vegas.
See, we go to good places.
We go to where people living and breeding people can have a good time,
as opposed to being here.
That's the way to do it.
That's the way to survive here.
It's as good as getting out of here as much as you possibly can.
That's my advice to all you kids out there.
All you young people.
Get out of here as much as you can.
And then come back when you absolutely most bothered
in that one endowed state of hell out.
Here's a call from the Redlands.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
I just wanted to call to say that George Bush decided he was going to
not reduce the emissions.
Carlin dioxide emissions.
That's right.
He went back on his word, another lie.
That is correct.
Yes, he did, sir.
Yes.
And I'm kind of upset about that.
And what happened with the markets?
All these big business people they wanted,
Bush, remember that they kept telling us that.
And now we live in there for two months in the markets.
How tankin, man, we got a depression there in the stock market.
And I guess he's sucking up to the coal people.
There you go.
What a surprise, huh?
Yes, sir.
No, King Cool.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Good day.
These people wanted it.
You got it, man.
Four years of misery.
This is kind of like what I said about John Henry.
They'll wind up building a stadium.
And this will be the last time.
I guess you have to make the mistake one last time.
It will be like my given matured.
Some more money to invest, you know.
Is that going to happen?
No.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Here's a call in Evan Chura.
Hello.
Evan Chura.
Leo, I just want to mention that, you know, that little bamote
who murdered that seven-year-old logo.
The little one?
Little bamote, you know.
Oh, this is, you know, that little bamote.
Yeah, you know, this is the finish guy allegedly.
Yeah, but I don't want to talk about that.
I think that anybody would say.
That's right.
So the thing is that now that they were offered a pre-bargaining,
a mother and a lawyer, they combined brainwood fit into the net rash,
and they turned it down, and a little kid went to court,
and was convicted of the murder.
Yeah.
Now he goes to jail, and everybody is bleeding for him.
Oh my god.
No, but I just let us to the editor in the newspaper.
That's all.
There's the ones who can drive letters.
There it is.
I would leave everybody.
Nobody would hear about that little girl that murdered for the night.
And they were worried about that back.
They had no nickel.
Well, in my country, they had no nickel.
Right.
In my country, they had no nickel.
In my country, they had no nickel.
Oh, yeah, of course.
Right.
Thankfully, in my country, they had no nickel.
Yes, you do.
I saw three of them in Hellstiky.
I saw.
In my country, they had no nickel.
You read them slipped in.
You better start doing them back.
Get back there real quick, found them.
And by the way, thanks for Oki Berg.
He's one of your people.
