That's okay. Pick your tab please. We got our time.
Four hours before.
4. Radio 560. WQAM. Myami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
That's a little strong.
The Neil called 567 0560 toll-free for date and rarer.
Or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQNR.
Beasley read acquisitions for the Beasley Roger.
No, no, no. No. Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QAM.
I prefer Stan Major.
I prefer Stan Major.
I prefer Stan Major.
I definitely prefer Stan Major.
I prefer Stan Major.
I prefer Stan Major.
I prefer Stan Major.
I prefer Stan Major.
I prefer Stan Major.
I personally don't.
There you have it.
Nine out of ten doctors prefer Stan Major with a general anesthesia.
This one, let audience people know how a stunner is for you.
You know, real high.
First, the bad thing about this.
Even that doctor is very sick.
He's an eye-alexperial.
I'm an officer of Canada.
I'm a people's student now in the bus.
Some friends are low in the park.
And they even have to just stand up.
They were so close to the top.
I'm going to make that hook up.
Say I plant my seeds.
See, see, see.
For my weed.
Weat, weed, and shit, for free.
Free, free.
There's rollin' again.
Say I plant my seeds.
See, see, see.
For my weed.
Weat, weed.
For my bones.
There's me smoke.
Tests on.
All right.
Baby.
That's all the long, long bones.
I love what I smoke with my hands.
Just like she can tell.
Yeah, yeah.
That's all the long, long bones.
Look at that time.
So glorified.
That the age of nine was curious.
So I asked for more for some cannabis.
She just smoked people's school on the bus.
Come up and say love the park.
And they even have to just stand up.
One day we're shooting so bad for the cop.
Look at that big fat hook up.
Say I plant my seeds.
See, see.
For my weed.
Weat, weed, and shit, for free.
Free, free.
Get away, yeah.
See, I plant my seeds.
See, see.
For my weed.
Weat, weed, and shit, for my bones.
There's me smoke.
That's all.
Yeah.
Baby.
That's all the long, long bones.
I love what I smoke with my hands.
Just like she can tell.
Yeah, yeah.
That's all the long, long bones.
Hey, did it man.
Yeah, yeah.
That's all the long, long bones.
Pass it right over here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
10 or 4 or 5 or 50 WKM.
Still number all the triplets.
At least we see the day because George and Miguel, the love and the gallop, everything.
Planned period of lunch and accepting the vote for me today.
Getting the free meal.
Nice going there, George.
So we got the beans here today.
And we got real tourists on Wall Street.
But nevertheless, you don't want to hear about that.
No, I'll keep pressing.
You don't want to be pressured.
But the good news is we've turned the corner because right at the end of what we call it
thing in the morning, whatever they call it on the CMBC, the Gambian Channel, they had Kurt Thomas of the New York Nick.
Oh, this big Afro, baby.
He'd be illiterate.
Yeah, they're teaching the course at some New York schools called Slam Dunkin' Stocks.
It's kind of like Slam Dunkin' Donuts, kind of the same thing.
And Kurt says, well, you know, stop.
Somebody student would be like, like, like, illiterate.
And I thought, yeah, well, there's the expert on being illiterate.
It's Kurt Thomas of the next.
And what do they cut that thing short?
Or what?
Man.
See, there's no shame on CMBC because the embarrassment of it, there's, you know, they passed that long time ago.
And so another one, you're scrambling, you try to rationalize.
Oh, see, we told you, well, we didn't tell you, but we should have told you six months ago, you know.
This is all a big scam.
Well, about your hucksters and hucksters, well, about your whores here on the Gambley Channel.
It's a fraud.
But I'm not going to get upset about it, am I?
No.
No, it's only money.
It's only money, baby.
And especially now that Kurt Thomas told me we'd be turning the corner.
Yeah.
I believe him.
Don't you believe him?
So when are we going back to that letter to the editor from that old fart and camera,
like that Sand Vashnik disgusting piece of cramp?
But at least you inspired that plural that took the whole weekend.
I was going to say, broadcast your hateful.
And now that I look back on the caption there that the Hill,
so he had those 17 adjectives, which is where the Hill came from.
You know, which of these best describes, and he means all 17 and his adjectives.
And the Hill of Caption broadcast your hateful.
And I must be a little bit slow, I guess, my old age,
because I'm losing all that money in the market.
I must be it.
Broadcast your harmful.
Well, the headline Kurt has said broadcast your doing.
Broadcast your fuelless.
Broadcast your relentless.
Broadcast your booze.
You know, they're like actually some positive adjectives in there.
Did the Hill of News does?
Oh, no.
Broadcast your hateful.
Ah, like that.
Yeah.
Because the Hill, man, they're going to get me.
They're going to get us here at WQAM.
How's the fan doing?
Anybody who had ended this week?
Oh, no.
Who the hell are you people kidding over there?
So how'd that pull come off, that's all?
That's a good.
Nice.
It's pretty good.
168 votes.
168.
232, which are these best describes?
No, 232 said Bail.
I don't think they saw the B on there.
I think they really said old.
Ah, Bail.
237.
Fearless.
Amritating.
Relentless.
63.
Brazen.
So there it is.
Those were the positive adjectives.
They came out on top.
Nice call.
How?
71.
They said,
42 said,
obnoxious.
Only 32 said,
Boeing.
So it would have been a lot more than that, but I explained on Friday.
If you said that, I'm Boeing, it's an admission that you have no life.
Because if I'm Boeing, what are you doing listening to the show?
So, see?
Obnoxious.
32.
Hateful.
32.
Selfish.
26.
One moment, please.
Got to crank that baby up.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
I'm going to be on the screen.
Why are you airing shit like this?
The gangster rapper
Stained out of the hood
Bang and J. Lowellie
You know that life was good
Pack and heat in the mose
Working on their laps
Everyone was living large
Till someone bought the cap
Only lay their bleeding
Took one in the screen
I've been told the driver
It's your gun, they gun scene
You've been the headlines
The frontage of the post
To Mac and Diggie
You would be there
If they were not ghosts
You'd have fur
Has left you
Her big ass has gone away
Now you're looking finer
To the inmates every day
Up against the rapper
Had life by the balls
Now he's looking at 20 years
Staring at the walls
Everybody
Up against the rapper
Had life by the balls
Now he's looking at 20 years
Staring at the walls
To Mac and Diggie
I'm happy Monday, too
I just get the feeling it's going to be a really morbid day
The market is taking a big time
We're not going to get any calls today because it's Monday
Pick the good day to be here
So just eat a lot of food
We'll just shovel it down with both hands today
What a hell not
I need that
He needs that bad to beast
To keep up his image
Speaking of that
I met the track head
A good day at the track
A popular park for me
One of few bucks
We made it a double head of me in the fat man, fat rich
After me, Matt Nay, and then the one upstairs in the dining room
Had a big fat there
And then the tons of their brains out at night
One o'clock in the afternoon till 11.30 in the night
And went home and bought some money in my pants on
So it was actually a pretty good day
Except for the fact that who comes by
In fact there were like every misfit for the rest of my life
Stopped around and was bugging me on Saturday
Including Super Dave
You know a guy named Super Dave Jay
Radio groupie
Waste track groupie
Super Dave, who used to wear like 6,000 pounds
So he's lost a lot of weight
He lost 70 pounds, he said
And looks fine for him
Looks pretty good
Okay, you look good Super Dave
I'm watching the race
I'm watching getting a stiff in North-Earld Bounds
Can I get off the rail?
Greg, you idiot
You're working off the rail
Steph, I'm getting aggravated
He's standing
You lost a lot of weight Super Dave
But you still on asshole
You still have pain in the ass
And I'm sitting there with the track
I'm having a good time
He says, give me a lecture about
Carbohydrates and about Appians
And about Diabinus
He's diabetic, he's young guy
Diabetic
Well I try to tell you Super Dave
You can't be a big fat cow
Get away with it
You can't film up in nature forever
Beast
Have Diabinus here?
You will
Not a good thing
Not a good thing
And then you'll have to start getting more on-reversed
You get like D4
You get one of those race track bumps
With a Wix-Fatt Puppa Kangana
So Super Dave Hawking said he is good luck
If you keep up bro, whatever you're doing, let's do the hell away
And then he comes back again
With his girlfriend
And I feel sorry for her
Because no matter how much better he looks now, he's still
He's the same
He didn't even show up pain in the ass
Chronic
Puppa Puppa Puppa
Give me a lecture on diets
Like I need somebody to give me a lecture on diets
And about Carbohydrates
And about Diabinus
And about Runcher
And about Stakes
And Bacquely and IssaNet
Get away from me Super Dave
You mean me, Ag?
Here's a good story
School psychologist discipline
Pentegrata
A school psychologist who will fingernail polish and his mother scrubs
To work as minority in the sea of psychiatrist
School official cited Jared Pence for pro-judgment and erratic behavior
And sitting must be examined by a school psychiatrist chosen by the district
Pence also has been kept in his desk and won't be working with children
Meanwhile, Pence has filed a discrimination complaint against the supervisors
Saying if women are allowed to paint their nails and wear scarves, so should men
Pence paints his nails to look like the flags of his favorite countries
Kind of like ponytail over the pizza lot
And they paint his fingernails
Pence 58th married father of two had been testing and evaluating students at an elementary school in junior high school
He said he suffers from social anxiety
But became more outgoing when the doctor prescribed the antidepressant paxle
Everybody expected the old Pence, he said,
No profile, this is job, this is make waves
I've tried going off paxle, I sink, life is gray, I avoid people I don't have energy
School official for Pence to pass for invading the personal space of others
Making inappropriate comments and touching others which could lead to sexual harassment allegations
A school official decried the comment on the case setting the investigation of Pence's discrimination complaint
Pence said he is not consulted on attorney but will drop the net if that's what he's advised
If the attorney says I have no case, I'll lose the nails and step wearing scarves he said
What's wrong with that?
He likes to paint his fingernails a little bit and dress up a little
What the hell is wrong with that?
Probably one of the more normal people doing with your kids and most of the people are okay about that anyway
Why don't you do care?
People in this town they don't care about kids
Here's our poor today
And I clearly reason I'm taking this poll
Not just because nothing grew smart once he noted I go to kaiyokha which the answer is no
So those of you people see I was left in the Hank a little bit last week and I didn't even look last
And usual because it was a gross stuff you know
But the rep at the Honda and the one cross brings and Hank has lived here a lot longer than I have
But you people in big county you have to get out of the house a little bit once in a while
He was talking about cross brings like it was this great revelation like he just discreet you hear that?
Like he discovered this new place called cross brings
And he found out they got like gangs up there and they got a lot of blue hairs and they got basically what they had
There was a lot of plastic people Hank that's cross brings a very very plastic place
But you got to go out of the house a little bit
But the people in big county thinks that the whole world is like this thing
And I hit the break of news to you but any group of people would say hey we made big county what it is today
Guess what I wouldn't be bragging about it if I were you
Yeah, we made it what it is today a toilet a septic tank with no lid
That's right you can smell it when they county did but thank goodness close enough to the borrowed law
County line for a fact escape
It's a toilet man. It's a sewer any white people left in big county oh six six white people in big none of them speaking
English that's a problem so what are you got what what's your claim the family day county
So anyway the other day I went out to get my meal or whatever my neighbor who's voting I wish you I got a little bit of a conversation
And we're talking along and all of a sudden she starts talking about people won't speak English
See I realize I could do this show and if I talk about I could do the sandy patent of QAM I could do that every single day
Because that seems to be the one sugar and a rip out of all the other stuff all the sponsors all the all of these other things
The slums
Some of these things are a little bit disturbing but people who can't or won't speak English
Seems to be the number one sugar and a rip out most time that really pisses people off
Frost their fat ugly pimpley ass
So the idea that I'm going to go in the coyote in the middle of a spick fest this weekend on the world
Everybody people thinking about are you crazy no some gross mind
Most of the English I key no thank you
No I'll be going to a post where you know some of the people those thinking this very soon it's called AIMS to them
Most of the people I guarantee more people's big news there than they do here
That's not even a contest no say it's like
There are a hell of a lot more people in Howling who can speak English than in Dave County not even a contest not even close
I don't need to go to like some foreign country within like you know a few miles from where I live
So I'll pull a question today which of these disturbs you the most about South Florida
crappy schools
crime
The drivers
World people or people who can't or won't speak English
Pretty good selection if you ask me
I don't know
Five very annoying categories crappy schools
I don't think too many people care about that because that is with your kids nobody cares about you care about your kids no I didn't think so
Crime
Yeah
Drivers that's annoying
Or people but they have a lot of me nasty miserable rotten or people or people who can't or won't speak English
That's a poll today on your Rogers dot com now is this thing we're in a brain fight that it won't put up or they are calls are fun
It could be probably is our computer or did you just not put it on there it's okay one way to do that I'm not choosing you today whatever we're just here to eat
560-560-0.560 on the AT&T and for once a while we're flying
Key logo hello
Hello
Yes sir
Neil
Yes I am
Neil this is Mike I'm calling from key larga. Yes Mike that's what I said key logo. I'm sorry I didn't agree with you. We have a bad kid. I'm in my office and I'm having hard time
I'm a five year season to get older to panthers and we just talked to these people up at the panther place and told me to jump as big as up their ass
Yeah
We're not going back we had a horrible experience about the last Friday night home game that we had we had an usher who we've called the aisle Nazi for two months
Uh-huh
Made everybody miserable yeah we moved to another section to get away from this woman she had her supervisor follow us into another section
Really?
Throwing out of there
Neil is a thousand people sitting in the upper deck you know
So I was talking to this guy last Monday fact the four page letter to Bill Tory of course I got ignored
I called up this morning and spoke to the guy and I said you know he said well these are the first complaint we've ever had about a nother
Oh yeah right I'll give me a break I first got the first complaint they ever had about an usher
Most of the usher's there there a few good usher's the older guys there are the good usher's the rest of the usher's about to not see there
Neil five years we go to every game from you are go and we're treated like crap in the guy
So we haven't had any complaints I said you know I heard a really he's a liar from Neil on the radio
Uh-huh
He said well we don't care what he says he complains about everything oh yeah I said you don't care what he says yes that's true
I said okay well we're not renewing our tickets he says well I'm sorry I couldn't satisfy you I said you didn't do anything
They don't give a crap though they don't steal five thousand bucks a year
I said I keep coming back I haven't got the word games since that Atlanta game where you were Friday and I had when I got moved I just expected I'd better picking my nose and watching my uh the paint
Right on my fingernails and go about that damn thing my camera looks like a shrine to the panthers I'm ripping everything off the wall
One day left before the training bed line which is tomorrow and he moves yet anything in both places well nobody has offered me anything
They're not so my both sides of yet well me to my I still got pictures of them very well I'm not going to do any
Yeah anyway I had to go off my chest we love you Neil I've spoken to you the game a few times but I'm not going back anymore I will not be treated like a criminal or a child to give them five thousand dollars a year to watch out
Good choice, good choice thanks thank you yeah we don't care what Neil says well you ought to care okay because I'm one of the few people it's giving any guy name support and meeting these last time
Over many years you've been here yeah a lot of people going around with those naked pictures of built to your into these pot fan I'm not going to show which one was on top
In fact that's why Mike Noble is still in New York and that was the big thing and the islanders all the articles in the comments
Anybody talking about that how come they fired a bunch growing and I kept my memory he's got those naked pictures of built to your
To this pot that and we'll be very grotesque and embarrassing to the organization if those got out there you know circulated in public the organization if I hear one word God them silly hockey
Could I say the organization oh God yeah shoot them in the leg next time they say that well it's really trying to approve the organization
He's saying go back to God damn cam loops okay go back to medicine hat take Robbie with you who the hell are you people kidding yeah big trade line coming tomorrow anybody care at all no not in this time finally found a little girls team they could be yesterday
That's right Pavell another hat trick one of the empty net and I'm sorry oh yeah we got to trade him and Longo man go into guys we got let's trade him
Not only we got a crappy team the crappy organization we got the worst sports writers mr. The human race
The good the Schwarzenegger the Husad Shaco in the other fat part of that that's his loping with Jeff Rimmer yeah Michael J Russo those two
I think they're doing it yeah I'm not sure who's eating whose ass but I think it's in fact they could be featured on channel tenderized
Michael J Russo eats white Lumberdale's ass on a channel ten days
Yeah Robbie's got the pictures make no mistake about it and then of course every day Michael Russo's column oh yeah and you do notice that they have one again that's in
Robbie well guess what they finally want a game ass I let you go say now since Robbie got his latest head problem since he got his latest heavy wall banger
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line you know we don't care what Neil says he's just a sour post yeah
I'm the only hope you guys had okay the only person that took them a season plus to get a guy then grill right to know that the
public could see because there's the only one who pulled him a yellow be nice at the red the one the gold square who had a red light
croissant of the public could see it I see him make a trouble again and then they start up now with the new deal
which I haven't heard yet but some of my friends are putting the buck and you allowed the log noise in the group
or whoever these guys are better than the monks understand yeah they got a new a bunch of many action they're making noise
and racket so if we just make enough noise and nothing racket people think it's worth coming at that they're having a good time
and if you make too much of a racket they won't be able to hear themselves on their cell phones you idiot what's wrong with you
yeah make a nice and quiet in there so these are plastic assholes and they a macarena they can hear each other on their cell phone
that's what they're keeping there for to impressively oh look I got a cell phone great that's really revolutionary
probably the bank is in Africa all have cell phones too now big stinking deal yeah that's right even niggery they got them
what somebody please show up what what is it known good times how to use that cell phone yeah stick your finger in a churner to put it
now somebody said to you to do it that was see like I said no shame on CNBC they finally have a great bottom
if you think the markets are a great bottom they're right there with them
beware of exploding balls
they're becoming down on the southern open same fantasy
perfect they're already high you shall across the USA what do you call it what is this right here
this guy in valley who there's a bunch of queers again this year who say that I wish to
oh god I love the Irish but let's just cross your day
if you are you won't be marching upon same fantasy you can be a bum a bum it's a dumb shot and that's okay
but they can't be a ship to believe
you have high volumes what's Eminence's grace I've been living this pronouncement upon the blessed day
sure I live with a bit of heaven fall I'm never gonna see
what you're going straight to her of a home of sexuality
her come not to wish the blind is minimum
but the heaven you can be sing in drunken Ireland
some will laugh it all away but you can be a ship to gay
no you can't be a ship to gay don't even try be an a ship to be
10 to 5.60 W.F.I.
one of the most shocking notes here emails in the history of the human race okay
it was sent to D.F.O but it passes it around to me I guess I wanted to spoil my day
thanks a lot D.F.O you degenerate it says hey D.F.O. spelled H.A.Y. hey D.F.O.
it's jazz McKay writing here how the hell are you I'm out here in California doing a morning show at K.K.A.L.
or a hot talks live sports station after W.I.O. D.I. went to two W.A. and Cleveland with Gary Bruce
my work company for one of my best friends and wasn't your wife jazz and I ended up in Detroit at W.W.W.B.I
doing mornings with Ted's Newton for a couple of years then two years ago
I had a chance to come to the central coast of California my son has left here for the past 10 years
with his mom until I took the gig.
does this ever in California now for obvious reasons I was cruising the web and found the K.A. in
left sight and there you were he was cruising the web jazz McKay
I was exactly the kind of person I would expect to be cruising the web
anywhere I shouldn't have smiled in those fun times the W.I.O. D.I. says to D.F.O.
give me a shot let me know how things are out there tell me I said hello
sign jazz McKay
who's on the outside at least not on the inside with all his buddy J.O. B.R.
do you remember like I said last week in a history of this business 99% of his calls were from my inside
yeah that's from the DC J.O. Broward County J.O. from my inside
birds with a feather flock together nice going jazz
mobile and sunrise hello
hey how you doing okay sir
I just want to let you know what really burns my ass and what burns you ass
sir first of all people who refused to learn English in our country I was born a
raisin south Florida what I can't believe is I'm paying these pay these mayors in these
commission in these commission to change the size to speak Spanish for their convenience
yeah that really burns my I want you know that now yeah what your comments are
okay all right sir okay sir have a good day I need to I'll tell you what my comments are
yeah okay let's hear about let's talk about my lingualism all day and about people who
don't speak English that seems to be in fact I'm looking at a survey in so far
it's leading number one what a surprise huh no no which it is the subs of the most
about soccer the 21 votes we just got their thing up there Eric just got it up
in the poll to people who can't it wants to be English 10 crappy school of six the
drivers three or people which is well I voted to and crime none nobody cares about
crime nobody cares about that is our committee that yeah that's you because most
of you want your criminals anyway you're probably downloading from master right now
anyway right I know P and R parade you're gonna piss off all the young guys out there
they like that well found no go ahead it's very you're stealing you know like I said be my
guess it's there take it before they shut the guy did thing down you're stealing
copy right a thick material see it's one thing if you steal and at least be honest
about it you know you're not gonna go to jail members in the waiting to you but at least
be honest you're stealing they'll try to rationalize it and intellectualize it
and pretend it's something else stealing you're stealing and have a good time five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
yeah let's talk about the panthers today like a first guy yeah that'll that'll
get us to about ten thirty six can't complain about the hockey and knowledge and
fans in a style we got one day ago they were training better on are they talking
hockey on the station no no because there's no interest here and when you come
right down with who the heck can blame mom even I'm losing my interest I mean it's
just watered on crap I'm watching yesterday trying to find something desperately
and what's on the early game the Atlanta trashers and who the hell were they
playing and what kind of a game was that the trashers and some other
our gross team tragic Calgary that's what it was anybody can about either one of
those two teams no no more than four waterdale hello
okay sir I want to keep on asking for an asking for your appearance inside there are so
few of us don't know the do like the other child and not in general I know that
we're watching covines with Detroit and power out and I'm waiting to
hang on a second the levels on these on everything you know there's like just
unbelievable but what's and it's because the weekend everybody was in here
picking out of their stuff every can try to get sir okay I'm saying other than
Detroit we're calling that each other out in the western
problem what do you think coming out of the eastern problem to go to the
cell phone I'm not going to talk about who do I see I don't have any crystal ball
but what is it to make who I see I haven't got any idea
how would I know if I knew that I take out my money I'll be stuck
market and then you know get on the phone with a bookie somewhere
sir and he's gone okay that's it he's gone because I wouldn't play his game
don't start trying to take the show down the road of those terminal
brewing-ass sports shows okay what you're taking on that trade that nickel-eye
hobby bull what you're taking you know the fact that they got those 300 players
yeah take this okay
a good one man
well we're not doing that okay we're not doing that first of all it's not a
hockey show there's no one Chris I mean if you want to talk about something
relative like the first guy was talking about the situation here is it concerned
the franchise and what's happening with the fans yeah that's what we're talking about
but this business did it with ourselves and I well who do you think is going to
wait if they think the Yankees are going to pen it again well what kind of crap is that what kind of conversation
is that what kind of freaking radio is that besides bad
bad four pairs hello
four pairs
oh yes sir
no are you in four pairs sir
hello
okay do you feel beach hello
do you feel beach
oh please go to the phone
you see what's going on with the phone somebody's picking with the phone again
today okay I can see it's going to be all music Monday you pick the good day with just
sitting in each other down with both hands beast no seriously
here's a call from somewhere but I have no idea where hello
I know can you hear me sir I yes I can hear you okay I'm calling you actually from four order
you seem to be having a little bit of a problem with the phones with the levels and everything is out there
to that we're having a real problem here today
I think you're sitting in it out all right I'm going to go right there to the doorway we got the assistant program
well what do you mean I'm sitting in here I'm sitting here as I'm talking with you you're
and I'm on a regular phone you know you're doing it it sounds like on the radio I mean you know all this color
sound like it's like the law on some kind of mobile one really
yeah well I'll tell you when I go and get myself
I just had something to get more annoyed about
have you seen your spots are doing for you on television yes I'm the horrible
I mean you do such great stuff yeah
yeah how can they couldn't take the thing from channel 10 but I'm talking about eating
ass why would they put that on there nothing on those QM spots and let me get one personal
with the station now they could they could have just taken that money and had a bonfire I had a good time with it
yeah and and I mean the same thing was Hank yeah I'm not you know I mean I just think that
you got two-tall hundred people and you can't complain about the promotional know how in this
place because there isn't any now if there's not a novel killer it's called the clueless
well he could send the message to Greg Reed I mean I honestly I didn't know so yeah
that's the message once an answer or always an answer let's have boss
clueless okay that's the other is all it's not there's a whole phone system is screwed
up is what you're telling me maybe that's why the guy from Fort Peace couldn't hear me
the other guy to the phone out you know screwed up you sound like you're calling me you know I'm sure
oh yeah yeah okay over now okay maybe Johnny Dirk looked at so we're going to talk
about the CD radio I'm going to then he was doing whatever day that was on Moses if you're on your way over here please go back
over here yeah this is not the day Moses he's really coming over here that's what he said no we can't handle him in here today we got no problems as it is
Moses the next Monday will be good or maybe after the show for about half hour in the tea room so you know let's you know but
no Moses please don't don't come in here I was only joking with him and all of a sudden he's coming over to all
of you people are on a audition for sidekick I work alone that's the message okay I work alone please
he called three times to remind you he was coming well that's wonderful what is the hurry
oh we're going to get this straight now now just just get a goddamn axe and just you know
just tear up the whole goddamn inferences and let's start over again Mickey Mouse piece of crap 19
before I went at 560 WQM your homo technical incompetence where we just can't can we get it right oh and we do it here no now we can't do it
I'll say some stands for nothing
Jones Oakley of the NBA's Toronto Reptors has made a shocking revelation the former New York
Nick claims that 60% of the NBA's on dope wacky weed hot doobies grass we have some hype profile NBA players if it was true
Atlanta Hawk Center to Kim Bebue Tumble I'd like to answer you and that Chris John but my tongue has become on who come me
and the best one norm Los Angeles Laker Guard Kobe Bryant
dude dude dude dude Philadelphia 76er guard Alan Iverson
that's wack we can't wreck we can't wreck you man you're standing on my road script
and the league's elder statesman John Stockton for the Utah Jazz that is 100% false sometimes there's a little boogie dance
clean as a younger players they were the hop hip music but narcotics really not NBA nothing but addict
and what was Chris Thomas it yeah 1045 at 560 he'd be making a big bucks in the market that's where his negative
okay whether the best we can then we got a bunch of buttons that were president's your president's one day and over the weekend
they have to use the studio because they had no other place to one of 75,000 ball games that the sports place has to run through here
red reading a sports bar oh yeah we got the hockey game we got the raccoon game we got the goddamn Marlon's games now we got the we got games that haven't been invented yet
they were running through here just wait till we got the goddamn heat games on here they'll really be doing it
we run in like six games at the same time so this studio is there we're just here like you know screwing around for four hours of it
this is more more important stuff going through here stuff they're losing a lot of good money on
here's the need of spring let's see if the phone's working hello
you know that yes you hear me okay I can hear you fine there you go I will tell you what I don't like about Dr. Flora
is all that you're all waiting to see Southwest Florida and Southwest Florida I'm in Southwest Florida
oh but I'm all there's y'all winning but did you hear about the band called raise some Christian group
yeah one of the singers got arrested for having three charges of molestation
and you're doing one of the backup dancers a 13 year old back dancer he's like a 25 year
this was like the big Christian concert alright yeah I was just you know kind of crazy how that stuff happens
well a lot of those good Christians they like that hands on experience man
alright me okay thanks for the good news watch out for that runaway snake
okay we got eight million open lines this is a really rough start here there let me tell you
really a rough way to start a guy damn weak enough to make me want to take many many more weeks
take a little bit starting tomorrow it's all my fault no it's not here it's got nothing to do with you this goes on every
Monday whether you're here or not which you usually not and I said with the technical incompetent to WQM
in the fact that you know they lie a lot oh this studio they're gonna have a lock on the door
yeah it's got a lock on the road the only problem is anybody building is gotta key to it you know
got a lock on the door lock this five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18p
you know the sun that first color with this very wild comments about the usher's and the getting treated
and the control of patterns this is the best you know it's a tremendous response we got about that as in
yeah one as usual here's pop it all hello
yeah I just get one key I'm back to you I'm happy anniversary key a little bit late for that now
okay let's move on and I'm that down and I started that off I hit another season ticket holder
that's gonna tell Mr. Heisinger you can take those tickets and stick it with don't sign it
excellent I'm tired all these people out there get rid of jumbo time and all those people that are interested in what's going on
on that instead of what's going on I know there's any it's want to see themselves on their own
it's me it's me it's me and that's the same with the usher's you've got a different usher every time I've got a different person that sits there
and then they're in there not to move they don't care about anything else they're there it's insane there
I wish people would learn a little bit more about the game of hockey than what's going on with the ice car
I know you understand man they want their free t-shirts they want the free crap they want to talk on a cellphone they want to go out and socialize in the
hall like right in the middle of the game and you know something to be honest with you since other than last season
they had a good home you know last year but two or the three years in that building you're probably having a better time on the
cellphone and watching whatever's going on out there well you're right that's exactly why I did take this this year
was because of the last year and that next year forget about it it's just you need to put something on the ice to
think people out there you're right that's your fire family you be like and you talk to what do you think
it's going to happen with big E before he's gone he's on the straight double keep him keep sending someplace else sending
back to Robin Ellie's from send him back to the Mrs. Saga okay one last thing before he goes with
brothers this a couple weeks ago Chicago with at the Broadway performance center of arts did you hear anything
back on that show no I was a really good show even though Peter Secoro wasn't there they are
just a core yeah Peter took the course of New Jersey I got a mixed up that's okay my thought that they got a good
singer in there to replace him he couldn't get all the high notes but he did do pretty good and I wanted to know
what was your favorite Chicago album okay I have a great day sir take a couple of doggy
look at that
that would be a Qion the whole yeah the whole forest group is in there you wonder what those going on
they're not ringing this for the piece of crap speak to me sir can you hear me I sure can't
I'm ringing and they're not lighting up here the whole phone system is broken it's a broken this is a
piece of crap this place sorry beast that you had the luck of coming in but could have been
any day go answer I'm going to join my back and mother's mother's mother's place up in
Club seat and I'm not going to renew them there's three there you go you know what next I told
them on the phone I wrote them or what they're they actually answered me back I told
them I said guess what so the way I got treated this year next year I'll be able to buy a ticket
anyway you just shoot a gun and it will be a lid anybody that's right how can you recharge I pay
eleven thousand dollars a year how can you charge people for the crap they're putting on the ice and after ten
games into the season they should have gotten rid of the maris why did they wait so long I can just
guys started doing a good job with what he's got the world now you both with what he's got to
open like I said in the beginning like a talent I mean you got you know Pavel and the
Rongo and Rongo and Pavel and that said well she got there right now it's disgusting and you know
that they don't give it damn and I don't know what was going on but I guess mighty I think they used to be a little
baby this after game yeah and now you you never seen nothing you know if they don't give it
them you know what he is the Antiquize he is the Antiquize I believe after last year I told you
this is the Wayne Heisengish Muckin way man he did the same thing with a mall and sing with his
team he doesn't give a crap well you know things didn't go his way they build a
lot of your rain in the still didn't work out now he wants them unloaded so screw you people you know
I don't really want to show up like it's your duty and your obligation to be there like it's your
civic duty to spend all I got their money and support a water down piece of
third it's incredible it's incredible I have a good day now okay better like I never
see the wise enough now what is it today Moses shut up I don't know now please please tell
him to go in and show up and say say he is coming from have a nice life come back next
one day or not as a case may be not today we're having many many problems that I'm
Moses will feed you something really good next week Moses try to do a
son of a son of a son of a son tell him to give him a big kiss I lost his
chorus out there to do that so let him get my big kiss no not today five six seven
0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
And maybe the phones are work, maybe they won't.
See, here we are now at three and a half years afterward,
and I still can't get the God-Dame equipment
work out on this show.
Nice go and Greg, you idiot, you moron,
you low grade scumbag, you pretend you want to be.
Yeah, that's all he is already you want to be.
You wouldn't know how to make a real radio station
if they stuck a God-Dame go up your rectum ass.
Man, here's Naples, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Hey listen, now, did I read down the paper
on the Harold Wright Saturday where the Miami Mayor
got a 60% pay increase in the good work he's doing?
Uh-huh.
What's that all about?
That's, that's an old story man.
That's not the Miami Mayor, today, County Mayor.
Oh, okay.
Well, the guys have voted for that.
Well, that's a lot of vote they have before they get indicted.
No, he's got the naked pictures.
Well, I mean, maybe you need a 60% pay increase.
Okay, have a great day sir.
Call me back when you have something to say.
Oh, there's clients got his head stuck in there.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Nice attempt there, clients to make it look like you're involved.
Now, he wants to make it look like he's involved.
He's your hands on.
Huh? He's a hands on guy.
That's what that broad said that he was biting her arm
or he had his nose and her armpit or something like that.
Yeah, see, see, I look how prickly he got in the face
when I told that story again.
He said it's the only thing you have on him.
So far.
I can't believe what I said.
Well, I can't believe I started telling the bluff stories.
5.67, 05.60, 05.5.60 on the 80th.
Jeff, you know what?
This is the entire is the wireless line.
Yeah, he just left in a hurry when he heard that.
Yeah, we got naked pictures of b***** and buffed.
Anyway, this is really something here today, huh?
This is when you thought we were going to come in
and just kind of like fake our way through this today
and no way Jose, baby.
You got to overcome 8 million obstacles.
Like an obstacle course when we work for the bees lace.
You know, but go back to this whole panther business
which I know nobody else out there cares,
but I'm going to say it anyway.
It's the whole league.
It's all sports.
You take like a delicious wine, a fine wine
and you start watering it down and watering it down.
And basically it's got like a little pink color in there
and it's like water with a little 1% wine in it.
At least they're holding the draft here this year.
Yeah, oh yeah, there you go.
That's going to keep the interest in it.
No, no.
These people wouldn't, they couldn't catch a cold
if they were out in the draft for like five days.
Draft this.
They're holding the draft here.
They wouldn't know that.
They haven't, they're clueless.
They haven't got any idea who any of these people are
and they could care less.
Even the people inside the arena don't know.
That's my favorite part.
And they're writing the same bull crap,
the same propaganda every day with the organization.
They keep planning the same stories, the same bull crap
and those two bozos.
They keep writing whatever they tell them.
It's the same, you know,
it was a nice game.
He had gone there for a while away.
You know, you had a lot of people for a long time.
So what they should have been, they can say they don't care
what I say, but the fact is this,
when I stop going, then you know I must be getting pretty ponderous.
Because there is no, a more devoted hockey fan in this town than me.
And when I stop going, who lives like two minutes away
and gets a great free seat for every goddamn game,
then you know I must be getting pretty goddamn weak
and not worth the effort to bother going there.
So you can give a song and dance all you want about
we don't give a crap about what Neil says.
But how about all the other people
who are paying their hard-earned money?
To support the organization, huh?
How about those people?
And that's the saddest part.
They don't give a crap.
Now they can put on their dog and pony show
when the fan appreciation day
and throw a few stupid t-shirts
and other little chockies out there in the stand.
I don't think that you're going to get your six grand back
for those t-shirts and one of those little,
or wouldn't they give a word for those things?
You know, the little, the little,
the little, the little, the little, the blimp that goes over
and drops the little raw paper rod, then what is that?
Like a David Bryan Rue or something like that?
I mean, what is it?
Can we if they were given away, you know,
then they could pictures of Bill Tooy and Denise Pott fan
and maybe we'd go for it.
This is 5.60 Q.A.M.
Billy and the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Get to the job, Kyle!
Get to the job, Kyle!
You're going to want it 5.50s, don't you?
I'm sorry that Moses and his lovely girlfriend
we had a Sunday morning.
Come back next Monday.
George will be back and we'll have it all set up for you.
Okay, we'll have the mattresses laid out.
But we just got too many problems here today
and the beast is under a lot of directs.
In fact, he's, you know, embarking on his most enthusiastic enterprise
that they're ordering lunch.
Nice go out there, Beast.
It does that very well.
You've got a lot of practice, a lot of experience.
Where can you see him needed?
And the ones too.
5.670560, £560.
So I found out some interesting things
with the beast in here this morning,
which I guess I better not say on here
because then everybody will know where I found them out.
Well, how about that Sunday morning sports page?
Yeah, yeah.
Which I've never heard that thing.
I can't get over that.
Manage flies the time on the ear
so we can put those two punks on here
and make a few extra bucks.
I can't believe that.
So we can put still guts on the ear?
Embarrassing.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
I'll please come over back to this again.
Kendall's gone.
Could just be there.
And here's for a water deal.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. What's going on?
Yes, sir.
Hey, we're friends.
Who's this mother's is guy?
What are you supposed to do with this girlfriend up there?
He was there was supposed to come here and do it.
Are you serious?
Yeah. No.
They just said the groupies.
That's all.
They're like nice people.
They want to come and hang out.
In the middle of your show, though?
I bet you're putting.
In the middle of your show?
Hang out in the middle of the show.
Hang it out.
Okay.
Neil, just shoot the house.
I want to open it off as a marketing.
I'm really going to ask this here.
Yeah.
The Nasdaq Underdog.
Yeah, I know.
I got it right in front of me.
It's on 93.85.
It's 1958.
It's, you know, with what am I going to tell you?
What am I going to do about it?
I don't know.
I'm broke at this point.
Yeah.
Tara, I mean, is there any spot?
What is Mitch Herschsaint?
Is it going to come back out?
What is Mitch Herschsaint?
That's what Mitch Herschsaint thinks.
The same crack he's always saying.
He's an asshole.
The least out of the middle of Roger.
Yeah, that's right.
That's what he's saying.
He's saying nothing.
He's talking about an important show.
Okay, your phone's crapin' out too.
I think maybe all the phones are getting screwed up.
Maybe I said wordpecker.
Well, thanks to the guy who brought me the tape.
I finally watched it this weekend.
About the wordpecker, which is supposed to be in Latvia somewhere.
I thought it was in Cuba.
The Russians supposedly built this gigantic antenna,
this gigantic transmitter, and they put out these annoying sounds.
The lab is all nuts.
I think they're doing a good job of it.
Oh, yes, me.
The wordpecker.
Yeah, the market is crashing.
What would you like me to do about it?
Sir, could I have any words of wisdom?
No.
Do you have any answer?
Am I going to panic?
No.
Well, what's the point?
There's nothing I can do.
My stockbroker, which he just mentioned in the church, which he's an asshole.
He's like, you know, doing a headlight.
He's like, you know, like you're just hanging in there.
They all tell you the same thing because they're all the same.
They make money by your buying and selling and selling and buying.
And you know something even when you lose, they still make money.
That's the worst part of a whole deal.
Every time you make a transaction, they take a piece.
And if you wind up making money on the transaction, fine.
If you lose money, they still take their piece.
It's a scam.
It's a fraud.
Nice going, Ermich.
And he has the answers.
He's got no strategy.
He's got no plan.
He's got no nothing.
I'm up to my guy, Dave.
I browse in TechDrac.
I got to my ass.
And all these experts, they've all the experts here the last a few months on CNBC.
All all G, you see.
These valuations were ridiculous.
They were all based on pie and in sky and Cisco and son.
These are the same companies that we tell them three and four months ago.
The best companies in the world.
And they're a must own.
You must have palm.
You must have Cisco.
And all of a sudden, they're all in the crapper.
So now it's like, well, we told you so.
No, you didn't.
No, you didn't.
And even Marquains, usually a bullish Marquains are sitting there this morning with this pencil.
And he's figuring out, well, maybe Cisco might be worth $13.
Nice going, Ermich.
There isn't a single one of these people that has any idea what they're talking about.
The worst part of it is that we've all gotten most of us.
Maybe some of you got smart or you're not lucky and you got out when you could.
You got in the right time.
You got out.
But all the rest of us, we got sucked into it.
Now we're like stuck there.
We're in limbo.
So you either take a gigantic humongous ross, which I'm not prepared to do, or you sit back and you paint your pants,
or hopefully, some miracle might happen.
See, I think, since it's all manipulated and controlled anyway, I think that this is going to continue until finally the bushmaster gets his tax cut.
This is all orchestrated.
We have to have a major crash.
We have to have people panicking.
Oh, yeah, things are really bad.
And this is going to force them to pass the tax cut.
So all the billionaires can, you know, get what they want.
And then we'll get our money back, maybe, a little piece.
We'll get billions as usual and billions of little piece.
Here's a mobile and full water deal.
Hello.
All right, now.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
I'll just call, you know, get my insight on some of the sports.
You made a good point there a little while earlier ago.
I always thought it was going to be a fun thing.
So water down, man.
It's all literally watered down.
Oh, yeah.
And the funny thing about it is this player, and you say something.
I'm a black guy.
And I honestly was just saying, as far as I can say, it's the guy, you know, Thomas,
on the New York Army.
Good time, as he be a literate, baby.
Oh, yeah.
And then he's got to ask for these skyrocket places.
And they want to say that they're killing their car.
Do you have people that are making $10,000 an hour jobs?
Do you want them to come in there and pay $150 ticket?
And how long do you think they're going to keep doing that?
That's right.
And I'm all in there, man.
Now, if you're a fan of say the Chicago Bears, you need to down here for my day.
You kind of, you know, stuck in the middle of that.
You're all maggot fans.
Thanks.
Thanks for money to go on towards making that stand and look pretty.
Or the marvelous, which sucks.
And the car is there.
Which sucks.
Right.
And then you're looking at the whole situation.
And Joe, sports is going to run itself out.
Everybody got to stop going in order for it to come back to reality.
But I thought I got to say Neil.
And please, just books that need our Nick Playa for they can learn how to read.
Okay.
I'm really going to be teaching him.
Okay.
Now, there's a spartan's got to sum up.
He does what it's all about.
He's right.
He's absolutely correct.
They killed the goose to lead the bullman.
I told him this four or five years ago.
I was the one to tell him.
Right.
And Neil is so negative.
There he goes.
He's actually a star.
I told you, you can really squeeze so much blood out of a turn up.
And that's what they've done.
And then they want to build a sky.
They have stayed.
And then you know, by best estimates, it's going to cost 40, 50, 60 bucks to go see a baseball game.
And you're going to pay that.
No.
Plus another 20 or 30 to park.
And maybe get mugged.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Plus, of course, they're going to have the strike of the lockout next to you anyway.
So that'd be a good time to be on the ballpark.
Wouldn't it?
Yeah.
Agreed.
That's what it's all about.
I mean, you know, in Atlanta, like I mentioned, the trashers yesterday watching that piece of crap.
I have no idea why for about five minutes.
Calgary and Atlanta.
Anybody want to see that game?
No.
And the first year they brought it back last season.
No, we got to sell out every game.
It's going to go over bigger this year.
There are thousands and thousands and thousands of empty seats there in Atlanta.
Disguised as fans.
There's a way around.
Whatever it is.
That's right.
They failed it before.
Let's bring them back again.
And all your equipment cares about is the $90 million franchise.
That's all they care about because they're so God that desperate.
I will take it.
But take me in New York window.
Okay, give me a franchise.
I got 90 million.
We'll take it.
So you people in the local organization, you can take your going to continue counting those same 708,000 suckers that show up night in the night out to watch that spew them.
You put out there and watch those God and t-shirts go far up and across.
You're dreaming.
You've destroyed it.
You've killed it.
You've butchered it.
You ruined the organization because it was all about one bald head of geek with a bad complexion.
Who doesn't give a crap about anybody who was on bank account?
And I say, schmuck him.
That's what I say.
Scloom.
The anti-Christ of South Florida.
Came here disguised as the angel and turned by the way the angel's gone.
How's Van Horn doing?
Oh, Van.
And I didn't say that the B setting was bad.
But you did raise your ad button and give me a look like, you're going to puke your guts out once.
Hasn't even around you.
I mean like that.
Van Horn.
But the good news is like I said, if you know, QAM doesn't want to spend the big bucks next year for those broadcast rights again, he could wind up doing the show on the ad doing the games on the internet again.
Nice going day.
Well, when the city's pretty good, that should tell you something.
Play off, sir.
Play off this.
Oh!
I don't know what I'm going to do.
Playboy pages are all stuff like glue.
My pants are a party, I'm through them and make it a floor.
I just don't mean to.
Go outside no more.
My stupidest girl, she's out on the stage.
So I see this world.
And I'm faster than you.
Oh, right.
Thank you very much.
Cause that line at the end.
So I see this in my room.
Playing with myself again.
That's why I kept going.
To the food course again.
So I sit at home.
14 after 11, we had a plan with the people in Dave County once again.
Cure a Grammy hits our note on Cuban issue.
They lie to you.
What a surprise.
All that business about all.
Well, we don't care about any of that stuff anymore.
We want the Latin Grammys here.
It belongs here.
And we're not going to be repressive in all the other bull cramp.
Now we're finding out that the Mayor Carrillo and some of the other Julio's in Dave County,
they claim that they got assurances from the Latin Grammy people.
That there would be no Cubans participating.
In other words, no performance from Cuba, no common ace this.
And of course, the Michael Green, who's the president CEO of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Scientists,
said he never made any such statement at all.
He said they're full of it.
He said that it doesn't look like there were going to be any of this coming year.
That there's nobody up for nomination.
But they never made any such promises.
So here's Mayor Carrillo and all these other Julio's on the air.
On video.
What is it?
670 La Pada Rosa assuring all of the old toothless crowd here in this town.
Oh no, we're going to have it here, but they assured us there be no commonistas, what they never said.
So it's the same old tired crap they just tried to package it with a nice bull on it and presented it in a different way, same old garbage.
Just like a resellum, they're full.
No changes.
159 votes.
Which of these disturbs you the most about San Florida?
People who can't or won't speak English God damn it.
55, 34 and a half percent said they pissed off and fired up no say out of the English I key.
God damn it.
Old people 39 that's what I voted.
Nasty miserable rotten old people hateful disgusting smelly old people with pro jam.
Oh you ought to see Saturday night.
I don't know where the hell they all came from.
We had a crowd of blue hairs at Pomona Park.
Man, like all our win more got like turn loose on the same night.
And you're trying to make a bet you go to the market and give me two dollars to show on the nine and four dollars to win on the three.
I got to do some of the Social Security check.
If I go into the grocery, it's the same thing.
Can't they have like special windows of the track where people on the age of a hundred?
You know who actually know what they want to bet.
And here, you know, whatever hell it is.
Oh my God.
And then they just stand there and they start shuffling the money and putting it back into God damn it.
Trying to get the cotton out of the way and putting it back in her wallet.
But hey, thanks for coming to Beautiful Poppano Park.
They'll be dead by next weekend.
Here's Wilton Manners.
Hello.
Wilton Manners.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil.
By the way, let me give a special zet to Joe Pabre Jr.
You suck Joe.
Yes sir.
Neil.
Stiff.
Yes.
Am I the right caller for the tickets?
For what tickets?
My friend told me I wasn't sure if they were for night.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We got a ticket for you.
Thanks for coming out your answer, you idiot.
5607-0550-050-050 on the AT&T and Verizon Line.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah, if I'd like to shed some light on this constant battery and you're doing to our save your weight.
Yeah.
He's the only one that had the calls to bring baseball here.
He'd be great him every day.
And what's the point of bringing in here if you're going to like screw the fans over?
What he did is some big favors.
That was you telling me?
He did also a big favor by bringing baseball here.
And hockey.
He's the only one.
You should kiss the ground.
He walks off you.
Give you an asshole, sir.
And you're a bigger asshole for trying to cover up what he's done to the public.
We love it.
No, area, area.
You want to take a pool on that whether we love Wayne or not?
Why should I take my pool?
Yeah, yeah.
Take your pool and stick it up your ass.
You're sticking up Wayne's ass.
Maybe you have a good time with it.
Or maybe you'd like to have Wayne stick his pool up your ass.
Because it sounds like to me right there on Channel 10.
Get Dwight Lottardale and even better look on his pool when he sees that.
Probably enjoy it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18T.
And for lives in wireless life.
And just like he said in that parade magazine article,
Oh, he's not in it for the fans.
He's in it for the money.
And when things started going south and he couldn't make any more money and do whatever the deal was,
OK, here we go.
I'm bailin' out.
I'm bailin' out.
Let me find some little crusling.
Some toothed foot tall crusling like John Henry come along and make a stupid ass deal with him, which he did.
So whether it's John Henry or whether it's Joe Cue Public Whoever it is,
here is a man who always comes out on the top of his deals.
Always winds up screwing you right on the old record.
And you don't even feel good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18T and for lives in wireless life.
North Miami, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was watching a program on the school shooting the other night and I was very disgusted they had Jeffrey Feiger on.
And the moderator was quoting Bush and said,
Oh, this was a disgraceful cowardly act.
Yeah.
Feiger comes back and says,
The only thing disgraceful about it is the way we treat our children in the justice system and like treating like adults and all gone to on and on.
And I wanted to say to him,
Well, if you're so concerned about how our children are treated, what about this 15-year-old?
How did he treat two of them?
He put two in the grave and he injured several others.
Yeah.
And he injured several others emotionally for life.
I don't understand these people.
Well, he's got to make the rounds.
I don't understand his, I'm every one of the talking head shows now and he's the, he's the spokesman.
I understand.
What's the answer to that, mate?
I'm trying to make sense of what you're watching on television.
Go read a good book so you'll learn something.
Okay, turn the TV off.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on it.
You go watch the trashers and the flames, okay?
Have a good time.
Here's course brings.
Hello?
Course brings.
What's Palm Beach?
7, 6, 3 now.
You know what I'm saying?
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello?
Mobile and Jupiter.
Hey, Michelle.
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen.
They offer stockporkers, huh?
No.
Listen.
And you're ratings it down and your state is not making money like they're always wanting.
Don't think, don't you still get paid?
Well, what does that mean?
Well, thank you, sir, that we get paid rather than that your money goes up or down.
Same thing happens to you.
Sir, people don't listen to their radio.
They don't invest their money in the radio.
It doesn't cost them anything to listen to the radio show.
You guys come along and you're pitching us a song and a dance about your supposed to be making us money.
Well, jeez, I mean, nothing's assured, no.
You're just saying it and saying it and you're scared of key digit.
So when you go to a stock broker and you tell them you have a low tolerance for risk
and that you're going to be retiring in a couple of years,
that guy shouldn't have you up to your earlobes in tech and shouldn't be feeding you a song and a dance about stuff,
about citric sin, about all these other bogus stocks that are worth the paper that they're written on.
Okay, so you're a bad broker if you've got the case.
So I don't know any good brokers.
I hear the same stories from everybody.
I know it's the same thing.
And what I said is true and you're trying to make a trying to turn the tables.
It's the oldest game in the world.
Turn the tables on me.
I get paid.
What is what I do have to do with somebody investing their money or the stock broker?
You guys are fraud.
You're a bunch of fakers.
Not at all.
Absolutely.
You're wrong.
They're putting your good brokers out there.
You just happen to have them in time when you're advising your clients now.
So the ones that are up to their ears in tech that are hundreds of thousands of dollars
or maybe they're life savings in the negative.
What do you tell them?
Just sit back and hang on tight.
Well, you have to at this point if you put your ear in the stock.
There you go.
That's great.
Well, you have to.
You can't sell out one's pound.
So I want to put you in the stock with what if you got two or three dire.
So you're doing the bad broker and it's just that simple.
Well, we agree on that.
You're doing it wrong.
I'm not saying it wrong.
Sir, wait a minute.
I can't wait a minute.
And then what?
And then I find somebody else what are they going to do?
Do you tell me there's nothing I can do anyway?
No, there's anything you can do.
I don't know what comes back up or what comes back up.
You can be reallocated and should be nailed.
What do you mean when it comes back up?
It will come back up.
It's not a matter of whether it's a matter of when.
How do you know that?
Well, it just history.
I mean, it's always come back up.
It's just a matter of when it happens.
But you can't sell out at the lows because then getting it back every time.
I'm going to sell out at the lows.
I'm not going to do that.
I had another one of your fakeers came to meet the hockey game over here.
And that's what he was telling me.
Well, whatever you're in the hood, you've lost it right and off.
You know, I'll take care of you.
I'm just going to write it off to make this guy happy so we can have my business.
The point is, the more I should have never put you in the start with,
that was the first mistake.
Now you've got to recover before you can make a change.
I was really an interesting thing in the paper over the weekend about how more and more people now are looking into suing their brokers and into brokerage firms.
They're going to be a lot of lawsuits.
They're taking out full page ads, the old lawyer hawks, in the paper.
If you lost money and you want to retain it, come see me.
You come to lawyer hawks, but when you go to a broker and he represents one thing to you and you tell them that you have a low tolerance for risk,
and he puts your entire guy then portfolio on a lease, tech heavy funds and stocks,
it seems to me that maybe somebody's got a case, you know?
They do have a case.
But let me hear what's look at it this way.
How many good radio personalities out here in your business in your opinion?
A very few.
That's right.
And there are probably very few good brokers, but there are some.
You've got to find them.
Did the difference be in their radio personalities don't cost the audience any money?
They don't like what you're listening to, you turn the dial.
That's a good point.
We have a little bit higher responsibility.
Did that mean it's like trying to compare radio personalities with open heart surgeons?
You got to shop a lot for a good surgeon, you know?
What do you do?
You got to find him.
You got to find a good broker, and in which case they'll do it right for you instead of what's right for them.
And they are out there.
Well, I don't have one.
And in quality, if I was hanging a space, I could make a train with Aladora.
Thank you.
If I sound bitter about it, I am.
I am.
So when you hear mature shot on the other set, you'll be on Hanksville doing that spot going,
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, you'll always full of crap.
Okay?
Believe me when I tell you, he's full of crap.
He hasn't got a tritamin's clue what the least talking about, mature.
Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah
I don't know if you were watching the kaiyotro festivities, but I was not. I know you weren't and I was just watching on the TV, but let me tell you something, the live entertainment they had, all they have was all those boy bands and girl bands, whatever happens to people that know how to play their instruments and go up there and do a job.
What the hell is going on with these boy bands and girl bands? Whatever happened to the music where people are playing their instruments or actually learning how to play their instruments and expanding on their talent.
So I think you've been practicing instruments too long is what the problem is, you know. Are you talking behind my back? I'm talking right to your face. What do you say? I said to get out of here, get lost. Am I talking behind your back?
5, 6, 7, 05, and by the way you're chronic, okay, enough will anybody, you're chronic and you got nothing to say, get lost. Go play with it. If you can find it. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lone.
Oh yeah, the practice, we don't care about what Niel says, he knocks everything, yeah. And of course I'm wrong all the time right about the organization and what you've done. I had my thumb on every single time. You're not fooling me. That's what they resent.
That little dog and pony show they're trying to put on and suck the public in and put a big thing. And like I said, training deadline tomorrow is a three o'clock tomorrow. I think whatever, whatever time it is, moon three, whatever, nobody, you don't care. Nobody cares.
Even the beast, even a sports nerd like the beast, he don't give a crap. But you can't make any money betting on what time the deadline is.
By the way, if anybody needs a good bookie, we got the beast in there today. If you need a good bookie, he'll give you some numbers.
And you're going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down. If Broadway Turner would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility, I will not play here.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying who's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else?
Uh-huh.
He's just like Hitler and Abe of Ron. What's that? He's smiling on.
He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He
the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the
best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best
Yeah. He's the best. He's the best.
their it only gets worse.
What's the response?
They shrug their shoulders.
They don't have a response.
That's great.
That's the organization.
That's their typical response as well.
We just want your money.
We don't give a crowd.
That's what I've been telling you all for a long time now.
I told them I said you've been getting my money for eight years.
You're not getting it anymore.
It's a shame because hockey is the most exciting sport.
It's the only sport to hold my attention at all.
I'm just not going to do it anymore.
The Leaf game is on Saturday and I've been a fan for 42 years.
I'm going to take a lot of motivation from me even to go over and see that game.
They're playing a penguins fight tonight with Mario.
I'm not going to go waste my time going to see that.
I've seen Mario plenty of times against the BLT.
What's the point?
Mario's an exciting guy.
I'm going to go check him out.
Maybe it'll be the least.
But I'm done.
You can have my tickets for the rest of the games right here.
Exactly.
Good luck, pal.
Thank you, too.
Good choice.
Better like the never there.
Why is it not that sounds to me?
You folks over there at the organization, you can point the finger and blame me.
Which would be the first time I'm a solid post and I'm a piece of crap.
That's fine.
But look in the mirror.
Look what we've done to the public.
Look at the swirl you're putting out there and trying to put it over on the public.
With the overpriced food and the overpriced tickets and the crappy product out there.
And they got them incessant noise.
The screaming loud banging noise.
You could use your mind in that place.
But hey, don't confuse them with the facts.
Even when you're trying to help them, when you're trying to say something constructive.
I don't know.
It's that Neil again.
He's doing so.
You people know what you're talking about.
We're putting on a good show in there.
Okay.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you think on that silicon summit panel last night there was a deal a bunch of direct-out too?
I saw that.
Yeah.
It's like a half an hour.
It's like everyone's so thoughtful after the market dropped.
Right.
And it's like, oh, this happened, this happened.
And plus, you know, you had that brokerage.
Oh, sit in there and maybe your money will come back when you had some stocks like at highest $260 in the train for what?
5 pay.
Oh, I don't have any of those.
I'm very lucky.
Yeah.
But what would he tell people that got sucked into like a ass jeans and an eBay?
And what's the one with Bill Shattner with a priceline.com?
I find that kind of thing.
And e-toy is that's nine cents that's been delisted now.
What are they going to tell those people except good luck when you pull a trigger, you know, make sure you're eating in the right place.
Yeah, you're not going to get anything back on that.
Right.
That's all there is to it.
And some of those, like, and here's one gentleman where his company is what $60 and what $63 cents is stock was.
He's on refat, where you're having computers to sell to people who can't normally afford a computer.
Yeah.
And this broker that's given bust in my balls about, you know, I'm not in his profession.
The fact is that there are sure things.
It's called like, you know, savings bonds and money market and the CDs.
There are sure things.
It's called guaranteed, you know?
Right.
Guaranteed interest.
Yeah.
Do you do things?
I'm not.
I'm a bit of a bad guy.
You because I can't pick my nose as an ender's market.
All right.
Okay.
Well, listen.
Get a new phone.
Get a Nokia please because I'm losing my ass on that too.
But it's 56.
It's 21 bucks.
Can I remember back when I bought no key in the run there?
Oh my God.
This is the greatest stock in the world.
The greatest company, 30% a year, increased for the next three years.
It's guaranteed.
And there is a dog in poniesho, baby.
There are a bunch of peddlers and hucksters.
They're snake-wale salesmen.
And they've sucked the American public, especially when that day trading thing was going on.
They've sucked the public into believing that this is for real.
If there's actually, we're going to make money in there now.
And like I said, if you were lucky enough and you didn't, you got out.
Hey, more power to them, jealous.
But good luck to you.
But now people are ready to blow their brains out.
These guys are sitting on their fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat.
And they don't have any idea what they're talking about now any more than the year ago.
That channel ought to be taken off the goddamn air CNBC.
People ought to be selling general electric with both hands just because they're so pissed off at CNBC.
And the goddamn gambling channel.
And my friend Ted David comes on the ear here and laughingly,
Oh, intellectualized Ross Vegas.
That boy, Ted, great line.
Intellectualized Ross Vegas.
You're killin' this all.
And the broker with a son who then's about,
well, nothing's guaranteed.
Here's a mobile and do you feel, hello?
Hey, how are you doing today?
OK, sir.
I was trying to disguise my voice just a little bit.
I got some stuff.
I want to carry out into a christening yesterday in Boca.
I was a Jew.
First time going there.
Oh, I wanted to say, oh, my God.
And then you know what?
My whole thing about Judaism, some of my not-
I'm a not-practice and Jew.
Yeah.
But end up happening is, you know,
I feel as religion is a tradition in my family.
It's not a responsibility, I have to believe in God
or anything that's up there.
But I feel more of a religion.
My family did it.
I did it.
You know, I had my apartment foot and I was done.
And that was it.
I made my money and I was done.
And I found what was in that book.
And that was it.
I said, bye-bye.
All this stuff with, you know,
will you take Jesus as your soul and all this stuff?
Oh, I'm going-
Oh, my God.
What's up, son?
What a bunch of crap.
Uh-huh.
Even my mother said the same thing.
What's Michael Corleone there?
Ah, no, I wasn't.
Ah.
But the priest looked like him.
Okay, pal.
Thanks, man.
Take it easy.
Okay.
Most of the priests look more like Mary Corleone.
567-0560, pound five and rest like her.
pound five sixty on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Fund.
The good news is,
you have to put it as a slight on Friday,
but it was a good news that they didn't bring any home
attention.
It's the first year in memory that we got chimed on
forum for home attention.
Didn't get any pastry, a lane, what about places?
Did they show up?
No.
Even though there's still no business,
but if they are, they don't like us anymore.
And I got home and there was a Friday message from George
that there was some pasty shop in plantations in the fountain shop.
So I thanked that profusely, but I did not go.
They had a whole tray of home attention for me.
Waiting for me.
And of course, if I would have gone there,
I would have picked it up.
I said, thank you very much.
I'd taken home and I would have eaten it all weekend
and then wait again 10 pounds.
So in retrospect, it was good.
It was really good because super day would be embarrassed for me
if I was sitting around shove and humontosh in my mouth.
Very, very fat and delicious.
Delicious.
You don't like him?
Not a big thing.
No, because you probably never had the real one.
You probably have those little square triangle of hard ones.
They're like, walk.
That's not real home attention.
The real ones are the big soft ones with the popping seeds.
But you don't want to know about it, believe me.
Forget I said it.
They suck.
Super day.
You know, I can't even describe it.
He just wouldn't go away.
He wouldn't leave.
He just kept standing there.
I meant to track him in a wonderful time,
minding my own business, trying to lose some more of my money,
trying to get spits by Joe Padi again.
And this guy standing there,
pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah,
he gave me a lesson on life at about diets.
Nobody in the history of mankind,
has got more diet books.
He'd go to my house and he'd find every diet book,
some that they haven't even been published yet.
Yeah.
Everyone had never been invented.
Are they doing me any good?
Oh, am I losing any weight?
Oh, my fat is a pig?
Oh, yeah.
And there you go, super day.
So you look wonderful.
I don't want to bait you.
Not my kind, go away, please.
Yeah, he kept carrying it like, like, like,
like he was modeling, like,
do I, am I acceptable for you now?
You're not my type, okay?
Super day.
I don't like guys that talk a lot while we're doing it.
Okay, just go away.
Go talk to somebody else.
Plus I got Moses waiting here on a hook with a girlfriend.
Beast is going to do his girlfriend
and I'll be doing Holy Moses.
So she was okay, huh?
Not bad at all.
Yeah, because the first one,
her picture is up on the thing there with Moses,
which would be looked as good and Christmas,
either in this picture.
I would let him come in even today, even with all the problems.
They'll take it personal Moses unless you want to.
I still love you sweetheart.
Hey, here's the place you love.
Pizza lot, from us and fantastic, good stuff.
Talk about food.
Everything there is fattening, by the way.
I accept the salad.
And that's good.
I mean, you know, if you want to go with a bunch of little
pussy food, go someplace else.
Well, I could have said that in a different way.
But anyway, pizza lot, they got three different kinds of great pizza.
See, somebody's going to take that out of context.
They're going to chop that thing off.
See what he says?
I didn't say that.
Did I?
I'm going over here.
You cop a field.
Here you cop a field.
There you put your hand under.
Yes, and you try to stroke that hair.
And chase your secretary round the round you little chair.
That's what I'm talking about.
She kicks your death brain here.
She kicks your death brain there.
She slots you in the garden.
And that way you quiet and care.
You find it good and true because you're burning down your jail.
That's what I'm talking about.
I'm going to take you with a girl that's so glad that's more than $0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
See, I told her we can tell what those don't ring and they go around them.
I'm going to screw it up.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
$0.
I don't know how long that guy waits to get on the edit page.
He's your mom, I know. He's been listening for two hours though.
We can tell you everything we've talked about. He's just acting out of rough
a letter to the editor in the hill about how grotesque and evil and everything else I am.
And he can tell you chapter and verse everything I say every day, even though he voids these shows like the plague.
Yeah.
Hey, I wanted to ask you, could you go to last year all the big hoopla over the F-Cats testing?
Yeah.
You know, F-Cats, this F-Cats testing?
I've had a week away, I haven't heard a single thing about it.
Yeah.
It's just that people aren't here with so focused on one year and the next year it's no big deal.
Have anything happen?
One year to the next.
Yeah.
Talking about hockey.
Oh, don't throw it, that guy's got to kill himself.
So start talking now, don't start.
Forget him.
You know, I only go to the hockey games with a team from the area that I'm from up north.
So anytime there's a double game, that's the game I'll go to.
You know, I'm fine with that.
I've got a major game in one for a while.
I thought I'd ever miss a double game.
And that's all I can do.
I can't be a fan of the Panthers because I'm not from down here.
Even if you know they get test in F-Cats.
I'm sure you go every Maple Leaf game.
Yeah.
Right?
So what does that mean?
It means you can't be a fan of the Panthers the rest of the time or the local team the rest of the time.
I don't understand that.
Lots of people are.
Well, I mean, if we were worth going, if we were enjoyable and worth going to see, I would continue going.
But it's not.
It's terminal and ponderous and grotesque and boring.
And in here.
Take a look.
Take a look.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm on the foreground.
I'm looking for people doing 80 and above.
5667, 0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Let me just see what's going on.
Yeah, line three isn't working.
Who down there?
Down here.
They're all screwed up again for a change.
5667, why don't we just take this thing out of here and just throw it out the way it's going.
And it's going to be good.
I vote for that.
Three years we've been working in this place to try to get a phone system that works.
Not every day.
That's open for too much.
Just like most of the time.
You know, you come in on the Monday morning and the phones work.
You're doing a telephone talk show.
The phones work would be good.
Can they do it?
No.
Can't do it.
Can't make it happen.
Here's a mobile and call spring.
Hello.
Great to know.
Yes, sir.
I remember you bitching about your stop worker guy.
Same thing happened to me.
I lost quite a bit of cash in that whole fiasco.
Good movie to watch about that.
Kind of the back door deals that go on with brokers.
Boylar room.
It's on a dish now.
It's a Ben Affleck.
He's not very good at it.
But it's a killer movie they talk about behind the scenes on how these guys try to screw people out of them.
Yeah.
That's very good.
The fact that they're paying on how much you buy.
That's right.
They couldn't care what they do care because it makes them look good.
You know, so you can go and run around and get them more clients.
But if you lose, they're not that no sweat off of their ass.
Yeah, they don't even care at all.
It's horrible.
Hey, can you play sofa kinks?
Have a great day pal.
Here's our last call and mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Morning, you.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm sitting here at the staking shake drive through thinking about you.
Uh-huh.
Saw your friend inside, told him that you said hi.
Who's that?
Who's that?
Josh.
He's working there now?
Yeah.
He didn't tell him I said hi.
I did.
He didn't have any idea who I am.
Well, I just said the guy in the Corvette that comes through after he says hi.
And he just kind of smiled and said, okay, okay.
He doesn't have any idea.
I've been too after I've throught once in my lifetime.
But with now we have a staking shake down here in Mod Pena's clothes.
I don't have any reason to ever go back to Tampa.
There you go.
Especially now that Blobbo's off here.
I want anybody want to go back there.
Hey guy, it was the worst.
Hey, do you want to make your proposition?
Yeah.
Is there a, if I were to bring you in George and everybody else lunch on Friday from staking shake?
Yeah.
Could I get your tickets for Friday or Saturday's game?
No, no, no, wait a minute.
You see that?
No, no, you're laughing.
You see what just happened?
He just got cut off.
That's what that sound is.
Somebody is picking with our phone system here today again.
Wait in the middle of the school and I would have brought him the penguin tickets if he would have brought a staking shake.
Yes, sir.
Bring us staking shake.
I'll bring in the penguin tickets and the parking pass.
And don't forget to chuck with shakes.
And bring Josh.
If he brings Josh, I might even give you the maple leaf tickets.
But did you hear that?
Let's see what's going on here.
WQAM.
Hello.
Line 2, dead.
Line 3, dead.
Line 4.
Can I work?
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
WQAM.
Yeah, it's me again.
I just called him up staking shake.
Yeah.
No, no, no.
It's going to be what happened.
You just got cut right off, right?
I thought you disconnected me.
No, I did not.
No, I did not.
No, it's something.
Somebody had you.
Sir, were you listening to me?
I'm sorry.
This has been going on for days now.
Somebody is picking with our phone system.
And the people are picking with us.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
I'm going to get the phone.
knife.
You got the phone in there and not over here.
This phone is owned.
This phone is owned.
You get the phone is owned.
the minute that I put them on the air. Aren't you following this?
Yeah, do you hear that? Keep clicking it over there at Bell Sound.
Keep clicking away at it, baby.
The whole show is being sabotaged today, and I got people standing there like,
the moon will go, oh, that's a wee booted.
They're being yanked. We're being yanked.
W-D-Q-A-M.
You open? Speaking.
No more hucker. W-D-Q-A-M.
Why are you calling me? W-D-Q-A-M.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Have you played the Wayne Stop? W-D-Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. And you got a bunch of high-fals for fucking Whipers, man.
Yeah. Listen, I like to talk to... Is it real?
Yes, it is. I like to talk to... I'm not answering them.
I just got back. I want to give you a opinion on something.
Mm-hmm. This isn't Neil. Come on, man.
It's not? No.
Yes, it is.
This is the orders.
Well, it's time I checked. Looks just like me.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
All right. Yeah.
What's your opinion on Mingus' reps, Ron? And downtown Manceram?
Never heard of it. Nenga? No.
Very popular Indian reps, Ron. Let me say it again.
First of all, I don't eat Indian food, so how do I know about the Mingus?
Never heard of it. No.
Okay, well...
We were interested in moving there as a family.
What would you do? How do you go about doing that?
You're interested in moving there as a family?
Yeah, I'd like to move my family there.
For what?
I have a job opportunity.
Yeah.
But I didn't really wasn't sure of, you know,
how would one go about doing that?
Probably run a house or an apartment and put your crap together and ship it there
and move in. It's probably the way it goes.
Okay, it's a little correct.
Well, you know, how...
Why would you be interested in moving there if you don't even know anything about it?
So, get out of here. Get out of my face, you idiot.
I'll see you at Mingus.
I think you're talking about Mingus, not Mingus.
See, now look at that.
You've got to think that my phone isn't even connected to whatever is going on in there.
It's okay. Nothing works in here.
You're not a man. You see this? The computer is set up here.
These people are allegedly on the whole.
And this phone is got no relationship with what's out there.
You follow what I'm saying?
In other words, you're doing one show in there on the phone.
I'm doing another one. I'm sure that the one...
I'm sure that the one you're doing is better than this.
So, you can't even answer it.
Aren't you glad you came in here today?
Well, at least the one show is good.
Thanks again for the bread over at Tony's.
Thanks for the free lunch.
I'll be rebooting now, okay?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's a good idea.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hi, aboard this seat.
Yeah.
Hi.
Hi.
It's great to see you.
Hi.
I was one of my favorite shows that was on there.
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
Where'd he come from?
What do you mean by get it scenario here today?
What is it?
It's AT&T, what do you want me to say?
I even興ow over there, you're screaming, you're screaming.
I'm screaming for you.
What are you screaming about?
I'm screaming for you, I'm so tunger up by you.
Yeah?
I wish I could say the same.
Now, what's the question?
Traffic for the Rider.
Where'd he come from?
How far down the road from?
From ticker bell land.
Who the hell knows where he came from?
Go get a guy who
that books or books, go get a book.
is in by one of those books where did he come from?
5 by Bernie.
567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Fund.
As a matter of fact, he was in by by Bernie with Gene Rayburn.
Just a little trivia for it.
There's a little bit of book.
We're not doing trivia.
Get Mike Spindell on the phone.
WDQIM.
I'm gay.
WDQIM.
Congratulations.
Yes sir.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
How you doing?
Good.
Can I talk about eating ass?
Yeah, call a point, Lauder de la, the beast to give you his number.
WDQIM.
Yes, I heard from talking recently about the old Golden Buddha restaurant.
You know, that was owned by my friend, Kenny Wong.
Kenny Wong?
Kenny Wong.
And the parking lot was big enough for a political convention.
And the food came out steaming hot.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
I'm going to have my lunch now.
I'm going to have a peach, a pear, an apple, a grape, and a chaff.
You know, it sounds to me like food is right up your alley, right?
WDQIM?
Yes sir.
10-year-old officer.
I already did.
I already did.
I know there was a boy.
It's talking so loud on you people.
You're crazy.
Oh my gosh.
You're going to scream with all the voice.
You're going to scream with all the voice over here.
And because their phone is screwed up, what can I do for a sir?
Say something intelligent, please.
Okay, intelligent.
The NASZAC.
Yeah.
Everybody is ratting and raving about the NASZAC.
Uh-huh.
Let me tell you something.
There's been no opportunity like this in 87.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
So anybody is going to have to stop eating them.
Uh-huh.
They should be crying even more right now.
Convincing, please.
Oh?
I said, Convincing them.
Bye, bye, bye.
Yeah, bye.
Okay.
Yeah, he said, bye with both hands.
I've been telling him for weeks.
He's doing any good.
No.
We're just little peons.
These stock, all these fluctuations, all these wild generations.
They're not being controlled by little people like us.
Believe you me when I tell you.
We're just caught in the middle of a bunch of crap.
Nine minutes after afternoon at 5.60 WDQM.
We'll be waiting for you to attend neon card.
WQA app is proud to bring you the WQAM School of Broadcasting.
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio.
If you follow our curriculum, the course is free.
Of course, you'll work for free.
Car 1-800-WON-A-B and speak to our director of education, Mr. Lenny Marjez.
Now, you want me to work at that?
Oh, I want to?
A boy at that.
A boy at that.
Yes.
A boy at that.
For us to work.
You're saying news?
You're saying news?
Yes.
No, no, no, no.
You're saying news?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I'll take you on the floor.
You need help.
You know, we have the door was beginning to close.
Yes, we ask.
We, we, we, we, we.
The fee is after me, then.
We, we, we, we, we.
We Is cored, we Is cored.
We, we, we, we..
We, we, we..
Over here, we have the Upset周固 where's our way home?
Where's all the key?
Hey, here we go.
Check out us!!
Get to the do!
Watch right now!
Drive careful!
Get off the fire!
Get on the agenda!
Let's go!
And nobody here we have to hide so far together then.
And I'll put in your books to paint your 14.
You can't have to make.
And I want to do the repeat.
And I'll paint.
And don't believe this woman does you when they're lost.
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Oh, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM school of broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your wet radio dreams come true.
I mean a one from you.
14 at 560 WQM will we just can we get it right here?
No, no, we just can't do it.
WQAM, we didn't want you anyway.
Don't we have to make a big difference?
QAM.
Yeah, hi, is WTMI going correct?
Yeah.
When?
We're from circus.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
I've been better.
My name is Johnny.
I was the guy in the bull show that George says that we met brother with the only one's night to him.
You were the one in one?
No, we met brother Danny, the one to the bull show.
And George told you.
The bull, yeah, right?
Yeah, and George told you that we were the only nice people and all that group of apples that were there.
Yeah.
And I just wanted to wish you a good day.
Okay, have a nice day there, Johnny.
Take care, man.
Okay, bye-bye.
Want to wish me a nice day.
When that nice?
Yeah.
They're nice.
Yeah, TMA is going to talk.
They're going, can't talk.
That's what I hear.
So all the classical music people start calling up Bob Green and bitching his answer.
Okay, they're dumping you folks that classical music format that's the rumors.
That's what we're hearing.
W-Q-A-N.
You know, I totally agree with all these colors regarding the Panthers and their lack of interest for our fans and...
What do you mean all these colors?
I think I had three people talking about that.
Okay, well, I have 75 people saying they don't want to hear about hockey.
Screw them.
You know, the sad part is, Neil, is we had something here and it's like all the other sports.
And it was part of the poll like a few weeks ago.
It's like, I'm at the point now, I'm 39 years old.
And I really don't give a rat fast with it.
Any of them stay here or not.
Right, I agree.
And I'm losing my interest.
I just don't care.
And of course, I think what you're calling was the guy I used to split my tickets with.
And he had great seats, but I just can't see, forked out 150 bucks, you know, 20 times a year.
That's, you know, 4 or 5 grand.
Right.
The product is terribly, I'd rather gamble it and I'd rather take a couple of extra vacations and do that way.
And all of these people from John Henry and everybody else down the line, they act as though they, it's your civic duty to support these franchise.
Like if you went to a restaurant and the food started getting really crappy and it kept getting worse and worse and worse.
And the owners started like bitching the public out for saying, you know, I don't understand what's wrong with you people.
You know, you've got a duty to keep me in business here.
Yeah, the only duty is coming out of his dog.
Right, that's right.
I'm glad they voted that stadium down.
It's for, you know, because even the Marlins, I can't get out.
Well, wait a minute. They didn't vote the stadium down.
Yeah, that's not going to happen there.
But I mean, what's with this one guy he wants to give him land?
It's for 20 million what he makes.
I mean, it's just the whole concept that people here aren't going to support anyway.
It's only a front run in town.
They came and sent up a dolphins when they're into playoffs.
Yeah.
And supposedly the big draw here.
And after people here, they don't care about the heat, not that I care either.
They don't care about the heat.
Yeah, the interesting thing is that here, you got two gigantic buildings that had just been built in the last three years.
One in Dade, one in Broward.
And they're playing all the sprinting events that are going on in those places.
They're in front of thousands and thousands and thousands of empty seats.
And they're talking about building another one.
Well, look at even winning the Marlins played at whatever P.P. Park over there.
How much does it cost just to run the place with the electric?
If you just look at that way, if them to flip the lights on and hire a couple people to still craft to you,
what is your cost in that?
I mean, what's the point?
And it goes back to everything else.
There's two, it's all watered down, garbage.
And the people, I mean, these contracts are given them.
I mean, I'm very happy with that.
But the good news is Gary Sheffield had a rebirth.
He decided 10 million a year he might be able to live on it.
I heard they booed the crap out of him this week, and I'm good.
And it could have to do better guys.
They ought to have short tomatoes at him.
I love you, Shoneel.
How do they take that?
No, yeah, he just decided that maybe all of his teammates aren't such a much assholes.
And maybe $10 million a year is enough to get the watermelon and chitlins for Gary Sheffield.
Good lunch today, right, Beast?
Oh! Good stuff.
Yeah, there you go. Thanks again, Brad.
That's all we're coming for, free lunch.
It's all about free.
We didn't get those halventies until we got free lunch today just to get even.
What?
The folks kind of work, but I still can't talk to anyone.
Hey, let me just handle it like you're okay.
Just don't worry about it.
Have your lunch in there.
You're under a lot of stress.
You should not be happening today.
But this is only the 454,000 times that's happening here.
Every time you turn around happens again because we got a bunch of incompetence run in this place or run around.
Oh, Greg, I got a Greg. It's a full problem, Greg.
WGQAM.
26 years of this on you.
What is it?
26 years of this bullcrap.
Yeah.
Wow. Well, now you'll see how the user is, man.
What is it?
See how the user.
Okay.
That gets how he has 40 pounds of in his mouth.
WGQAM.
Oh, yeah.
Hollywood.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, I want that to go.
Yeah.
What's going to Hollywood?
Hello.
Yeah.
Hey, why are you doing there?
All right.
Yeah, I'm straight, man.
I like silk hoppers.
I'm one of my two silk hoppers.
They go on.
And my friend's going to say, yeah, you're a sad thing.
You want silk hoppers, right?
Only fags watch silk hoppers.
So believe me, I watch writing right.
Only fags watch silk hoppers.
Yeah, I know exactly.
And then they look really so watches.
This is pretty good.
No.
Yeah.
Well, you know what we ought to tell them, right?
You're right.
Yeah.
Okay.
The woodpecker.
Believe me.
567-0560, pound 566-D on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless power.
We're doing screenless because the beast can't answer the phone
because we have a disk immobiliated and disconnected.
Because Hollywood's got a screwdriver out and we're working on it.
Yeah, he's running around.
W-Q-I-N.
Hello, New York.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
All right.
I just 26 years.
Just think of that.
And this, your management can't even get the phone system to work.
Yeah, well, I'm used to it.
I don't care.
Yeah, you used to it?
Yeah, I don't care.
Okay, yeah.
You know something.
Let me put you this way.
I can get all stressed out about it like I used to do.
I can get all bent out of shape and have an nervous breakdown.
Let me have paycheck.
No, it's not your step.
But if they don't care.
And if this is their idea for radio show,
what am I going to do about it?
I'm doing the best I can under impossible circumstances.
You're number one.
Yeah.
No.
Okay, thank you.
And when putting up with great calls like that, you know,
we'll probably be number one half pretty soon.
Yeah.
W-Q-I-N.
I figure off.
Yeah.
Don't squeeze it too hard.
W-Q-I-N.
Q-I-N.
Thanks for the answer.
Oh, yeah.
Vine Mike.
Now we have no one screened.
Let's go.
We got blind mic calling again.
Get out of here, Mike.
You jackass.
Okay.
And watch out where you're walking.
W-Q-I-N.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know you didn't look in the game on radio.
Are we going to do that?
Yes, sir.
Are you sure?
You didn't look in the Panther game on radio yesterday.
No, I wouldn't want to do it on the radio because it was right there on my TV.
So I watched some of it.
Yeah, I had to watch.
I was looking for radio.
I mean, the Jigs and Randy were really loose yesterday.
Did you hear anybody tell you about that?
No.
Some of the languages they were used to.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've never really listened to games too much, but sometimes I worked and I turned it on and
it was going on.
And I guess they're a little bit different when they don't have to party all day or something.
But they were pretty loose.
About like what?
No.
More was talking about getting some nookies during the day.
Yeah.
Jigs was talking about, um, about a foothold.
Uh, Johnny Button, whoever was talking about it.
Okay, good.
Good to hear that.
Bobby with the two madlocks.
Good time out there on the pond.
Maybe that was it.
That Jugs McDonald's.
He a pretty weak.
Oh, man.
Awful.
Old Friday, dirty.
But he's another overnaked picture of the Bill Trawie in the Billy Goat.
That's why the whole island of Crab, you know, way that they come back here,
finish Pat Van and their Jugs McDonald.
I don't want to tell anybody that Jugs got one out of town on a wheel in Toronto that
wouldn't know they try to pass him over on TV.
Man.
Stuck his ass in the goddamn canoe and put him in Lake Ontario.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Oh, I guess who I did here, I was in the car the other day.
And I heard like the end of some, was it,
basketball again?
It was on, uh, I don't know where it hard was.
It was my station.
And Christine and Moran was on the one.
And he must have been here on ESPN radio.
Oh, no, they were playing a highlight.
Which in his case, they were being said,
they were playing the World Rites.
And that was Christine and Moran,
so it's a basketball game.
And I thought to myself, he's an asshole.
W-D-Q-A-N.
N-L.
Yes, sir.
I had a question for you.
I'm taking my five year old to a hockey game for the seasons over.
No, don't do it.
You have to go out of town to see a real one.
I know, but I mean, I can't afford to go out of town.
I can't even afford to go to the regular games.
But I did want to take him to one.
Go up to Orlando, see the solar beers.
See you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Which one do you think would probably be the most exciting?
Probably one you'd enjoy, sir.
One with some teams that you'd be interested in.
Yeah, I'm going to go out to a restaurant right now.
I'm going to go out to a fast food restaurant.
What do you think I should order?
And what kind of voice do you think I should ask the guy
when I go through the drive-through?
How could I speak to the guy?
What kind of voice should I use?
And make sure I get nice, friendly service.
How's that going?
That poor coming, Neil.
326 votes are all busy on that on the O'Ringes.com.
And they're very, very, very, very, very, very,
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very just the fact that the
Here's a guy named Evan Meldington for a day.
He says the luckiest movie but can tell which way.
If you don't like him that's the best, he's got the prize for his ass.
Oh yeah!
What time is this for all?
He has to be in front of.
With Ryan Moody Shaza.
Mr. Brody May Cole and Steve go all the way.
Why do you guys feel that you're like you closet gay?
Do all of you see their closet gay?
Come on in firmly in place.
Oh yeah!
What time is this for all?
He gets a big fart on.
Let Ryan Moody Shaza.
Go off, get off this instant.
Crawperty 1-560 WDQM.
Yeah, they're running around like a bunch of lunatics around.
It's just like usual.
Yeah.
How about we gonna do a Greg?
It's a folk problem. Greg.
5-6-0 and you'll never believe this way till I tell you.
I almost forgot about speaking about the crazy people that is building.
I'm leaving here on Friday and I'm going to my car and of course who's usually standing down here around two o'clock
or else sitting down there puffing on the faggot is the water Nazi.
Don't be messing with me, I'll go to Greg Reed.
So anyway, I, you know, a question I do not speak.
Do we speak?
No.
Okay, like me and screw in.
We don't speak which they want we get along well.
I see she's holding something and she's calling me.
She had her little puppy in her arms there.
Now I thought this was the one who was threatening like squash puppies a couple of weeks ago.
At least those are the stories that we were hearing.
Yeah.
That Greg was running around the building peddling those stories about how she was threatening to step on puppies
if they didn't get them out of her office real fast.
And she had us cute little puppy in her arms.
So I went over and I looked at the puppy and it was cute and I gave it a little little scratch on the head and whatever.
And yeah, it's just the cutest little thing.
Boy, so I'm not really sure whether that's a good sign.
Maybe she's like mellowing a little bit.
Now you don't think so?
Oh, no.
Or maybe she just figured it was like the size of a microwave, something like that.
Did you see it?
Oh, she was parading it around the whole building.
Yeah.
But I mean she and I don't speak and she went out of her way to like call me over so I could like make,
we could make a big timmis out of it.
We don't even speak to each other.
I mean at all.
So what does it mean?
Yeah.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, I just wanted to thank Neil for helping out setting the public straight on the basic racetrack
touts that are currently employed as stock brokers.
Very, very well put.
Wow.
I like that.
Yeah, that backstretched touts.
And you know this concept of don't worry, don't time the market.
Just buy in.
Can I just tell you something Neil, if 1956 you're bought in at the wrong date.
You got out in 1982 with the averages up approximately less than 2% a year for 26 years.
And then Neil, if you got in in 1956 and you got out in 74, it was less than 1%.
But if you picked the wrong day in December 1965, to buy in like these guys tell you.
And you sold in August of 82 Neil, the Dow is 200 points lower 18 years later.
No.
So that's absolutely.
That's not true.
Neil, it's 100%.
That is actually wrong.
The Dow is like over 10,000 points 18 years ago.
And then there's 10,000.
There was 965, December 65, the high.
And in August 82, it was lower.
There is no, the Dow is 10,000 some now.
What are you talking about?
Neil, Neil, in December of 1965 it was 965.
From August of 82, 82, not 92.
82, 82, it was 7, it was 8, it was 8, it was 8, it was 8.
You're talking about relating those two dates, not now.
Well, it's wrong.
That's a point, if you're in your 30s now Neil, why would you take a chance before you retire?
I didn't want to talk about that.
Sir, will you listen to me?
I didn't want a chance.
I wanted security.
I didn't want high risk.
And I got a guy who now has got me enough to my ears.
There's $400,000 in the, I end debt on the paper.
And he keeps telling me, just sit tight, relax, don't even watch it.
It'll come back and always comes back.
That's the only thing he can tell me because he's got me up to my goddamn, up to my bald spot in Tech Dread.
You're out of percent right.
And I have a cousin in the hospital.
And he's clearly, he is a glorious dismay.
He is a glorious dismay.
He is a fucking jail.
With the rest of these guys that don't take into consideration, you are supposed to lay you out in your life.
But you see when, with your late father, when CNBC is come on and minimum,
when NBC and General Electric have put this tout network on the air,
and they pass it off and they got the chartest and the farthest and the artist and their like chart,
it doesn't mind, it means nothing.
They use the same kind of double pocket that the racetrack pouts use.
And they're talking about support levels this and retesting lows.
All of this is double pocket's gibberish.
Of course it's gibberish.
And most of these people who buy stuff today, I want no concept of what a price earnings ratio is or 200 day moving average.
And they risked the beauty power of 4-bit or letters gold by it.
And until recently, everybody thought they were a genius and the thing could never go down.
And people are just this picture from it and how to struck people, I will never lost money.
I gamble you gamble.
We lose money to pay when you're used to it.
But you know something, you hate it.
You can't spend losing a dime.
Imagine somebody like my 75-year-old cousin who had birth cancer, whose retirement is set.
And the natural planet tells her, oh you're stupid, you're not getting enough money with your CDs.
Take it and put it in the money.
She has, yeah, with birth cancer 75 and she said, now she has a slept at night.
She's erected, her health is deteriorating.
And the bulk of the pose are just like your guy.
So worry about it.
Wait, be patient.
What is she supposed to do? Wait, because she's honored in 20 seconds.
And once you get to the 120-year-old, come back.
You got it, Neil.
Back to where she kicked up the good one.
Thanks.
Yeah, you put it right out here and it's done on it.
Race track touts.
That's what all these stock brokers are.
You have a bunch of grave robbers.
I mean, you're not even making a lot of money and that's fine.
More power to you.
But at least be honest about it.
You have a bunch of grave robbers.
A bunch of fakers.
Snake World salesman.
56 and I got one of the worst.
I can't imagine anybody could be worse than my guy.
Thanks a lot, Wimmer.
Here's some wires. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
I think I have an idea why you haven't been able to make head waiting 25 years with the people down here.
Just an idea.
I think that what they really are, is the sky and they're really lizards.
They're not lizards lay on each other, because they're cold-blooded.
But nothing goes to care about each other.
But they're lay on each other because they can suck the heat out of each other.
I think that's really what they're saying.
I'll suck.
Yeah.
That's what I have.
Okay, thank you.
He said the people are suck.
Oh!
And he's right.
Now maybe the guy that's going to bring the food on a fly.
See, a picture wrong day should have been a fighter for Staking Check.
All of this was okay.
This wasn't a shabby.
Except for the ants in your salad, I'm sorry.
Did you really have ants in your salad?
Couple.
Good protein.
Maybe the nurse understood you when you ordered the ants.
Who is maybe the kid just wanted to ants.
Come on, Brad.
We don't know.
We appreciate their free food, but ants in the salad for the beef.
He gets ants in the salad.
The phone system's all screwed up.
He's got Julio doing some assaults in there behind him.
Have it an nervous breakdown.
Bluff in the, uh, and Clarence are in the doorway sticking in her head.
You know, we're like that.
I apologize profusely that you had to get sucked into this.
I mean, you know, what would you rather do?
Do this or that Sunday morning sports page with Stu Gotts.
You know, Stu Gotts, he's not a bad guy.
Weiner, he's okay.
Never stole a freight train.
He's got a little gambling problem.
He's not a bad guy.
He belongs on the air like I belong performing open heart surgery at Mount Sinai in about
a half an hour.
Okay.
That's how much he belongs on the air.
Stu Gotts.
And the best part of the deal is our program director.
Oh, good off.
This is.
He loves him.
He thinks he's great.
Oh, man.
Talk about a major suck job there.
Here's Evan Tira.
Hello.
Tom Rogers can help you stop living in life of sin.
W.D.Q.
I am.
No, how are you doing?
All right.
What do you think the chance for a bush give that kid a clemency?
You mean, Jeff Bush and a kid, he'll probably get it.
He thinks so.
See, first of all, I thought about that over the weekend.
That kid doesn't belong in jail.
He belongs in a mental institution.
That kid is emotionally disturbed.
His mother is the one that belongs in jail.
I agree.
Well, but I.
And is it and is it defensive turning?
So do you think Bush might just.
Yes.
Well, I guess I.
Five, one of our Marines, five six seven, oh five, 60,
pound five, 60 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line.
Mobile in four waterdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm very upset about the meal.
What is that, sir?
Disgusting, spinking smokers.
They throw their cigarette butts wherever they want.
Yeah.
OK, we'll go to the vet and, sir, let me just tell you this.
If that's the biggest problem, I am very jealous.
I salute you.
OK.
You got to kiss the ground.
If that's something that you got to have to be worried about,
you must have one great life.
Congratulations.
Three to one at five, six three, WQMR.
Our motto is, we don't care.
OK, the firms don't work.
We don't care.
Your spot didn't get on right.
We don't care.
Just send us the money.
We don't care.
The spots all muffled.
We don't care.
Just send us your money.
Yeah.
Who will give me the thumbs up?
Yeah, so I give you the thumbs up, too.
Then I said, yeah, great job, Holy Al.
Nice going.
Hey, listen, it's only three years later when you expect.
We're a little sorry.
You saw the project out here.
And, man, if we got this lobby all spiffed up here now or what,
those dimes throw plants from Cresguis.
We got out there for 59 cents a piece.
And at the old, the stained leather furniture out there
from the lobby of the Continental ACLF on the beach.
567-0550-050 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Yeah, I notice a few people spilled their philosophy bags on it.
Stop putting it.
We'll wash it off someday or not.
We don't care.
Here's for Waterdale, huh?
Tell them you know.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you know, it occurs to me that these people that get so worked up
and cranked up about people speaking another language.
They're probably the same ugly Americans I see when I'm on vacation in Europe.
Sitting at the next table on our restaurant,
the millions and a lot of them, anybody here speak English
and they got any ketchup and give me glass of ice water.
And, you know, they think everybody in the world
should speak English when they're over in Europe
and non-English speaking countries.
But yet here, they think that, you know,
how dare you speak your native language in my land?
And it just, you know, it's nicely to see that.
And I tell people here, you know, they get upset about all these different languages.
I'm like, well, now you know how the Indians felt
when we came over here 200 years ago.
Or when they moved to Cleveland maybe.
Right.
Okay, have a rate there, sir.
Anybody know what he said?
No.
Now I said, they're quick to bellyache and that's what he said.
They don't like it, man.
People who can't or won't speak English,
119, it's in first place with 32%.
Which of these disturbs you the most about South Florida?
Those people, oil people, 100.
All people's catching up now.
Oh!
And I watch it.
126.8%.
Crapie schools, 60.
Way down the list.
See, they don't care about that.
15.1%.
The driver is 58, 15.5%.
And crime, 2035, 9.4%.
Here's a call from Michigan.
Hello.
Hey, what's up?
Listen to you on the air and then because of the talk radio around here really sucks.
Where are you in Michigan?
I'm right on the state line right next to Toledo.
I don't know how you'll.
Yeah, well, like what city?
What town?
What the...
I was like, Gary Township.
Oh.
Oh, well, I hear Greg Reed the real troll too.
Yeah.
And that thing about immigrants and people in the rest of the world,
I just noticed that there's a lot of them at Bash Americans,
but you think about it.
I hate you.
What is it?
Huh?
Yeah.
But if you think about it, who created America in this country,
the rest of the world did.
You know, everybody in the rest of the world came over here and built this country themselves.
We built this country and it's like a good song.
Okay, we'll keep working on a policy in the Sea of Wolverine Raceway when they reopen.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Are they going to reopen?
No.
How they're in LaVonia?
Come on, school, craft in the middle of the belt.
Come on, let's go.
Here comes Don Hall on the outside.
With them again, Donnie, come on.
Joe Mars Jr.
Just went on a break.
There's old Ray Crunk.
Yeah, let's talk harness racing and really pissed these people off.
Why you think you could pissed off about the hockey stuff?
I'm going to talk about harness racing.
How do you like that?
Am I doing to do it?
Yeah.
Francis O'Hare.
Flushing Michigan.
Also, the hometown of Eric Goodell.
Hey, Brad Kramer want to race last night at Windsor Raceway.
$16.80 came in through twice.
Had a second ice-go-and-air brand.
Anybody know what I'm talking about?
No.
Good.
Good, that's excellent.
Because I have no idea what any of them are talking about either.
Now we're even.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, everybody.
How you doing?
Okay.
Say, it's nice to hear that everyone is so patriotic today.
About what?
What are they patriotic?
I don't know about the Indians.
Oh, yeah, the Indians.
I'm sick and tired of hearing about the God in the Indians, okay?
Scooly Indians.
They got their gambling.
They're pulling those cancer sticks.
They're doing okay in the Indians.
They can drink.
Yeah, that's right.
It was nice.
So what's wrong?
They hit arrows when we had guns.
That's what it goes.
Too bad.
It was nice to the Harold to reveal that our schools and our teachers and their students
rely so much on the Marlins.
Did you see that the other day?
No, I did not.
I guess the...
Oh, you mean the letter to the editor of our...
...and another pop piece, John Henry keeps putting all these people.
He put Ron Frazier up to Woodman.
And that brought from the Daily Food Bread Bank.
And then there's some other civic organizations.
He's writing the letter about all the great things they do for the students.
I mean, who are you, kid and John Henry?
Man, talk about a...
Talk about a Schmirr campaign.
It's pathetic.
Somebody's talking for a promotion, Neil.
Yeah.
All right, thanks a lot.
Okay.
Have a good one.
Maybe she wants...
Maybe she wants to be one of the concessionaires of the new ballpark.
Yeah.
Someone who was Wienys.
567-0560.
I do like that.
I've told you before the Carvelle Concession and PP Park.
That's the only thing.
I've got some other good stuff.
But Carvelle, and when you get like a hot-punch Sunday,
they put lots of mercenary cheeries on it if you ask.
Just loaded up with cheeries.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes.
And in reference to that call a little while ago about the cigarette bus, it was 0km.
But you should have told them the good of New Hampshire where they're coming up with a new law
where they're collecting the paint, you know, a nickel cigarette bus.
Uh-huh.
Did you see that?
But that was in the paper the other day.
Well, I could have gone to the good of a Hampshire by a ride to the town.
Yeah, that's a lot of these things.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
But also about these school shootings and these poor punk kids that don't know this difference between right and wrong.
I think there should be a mandatory viewing of like at least once a year to great movies.
One was the documentary of the original scared straight.
And about 30-something years ago, a fellow by the name of Stanley Kubrick made a picture called Clockwork Art.
Dr. Let me ask you something.
Why are you talking to me like I'm some kind of a five-year-old child?
Like, I don't know who Stanley Kubrick is and it was and I haven't seen the Clockwork Orange 50 times.
Well, I know.
My point is that...
But why are you talking to me like I'm some kind of an infant?
Like, I don't know a fellow by the name of Stanley Kubrick.
No, I know that.
I just feel like the degree that there should be mandatory viewing that they don't show any of these at the picture.
Yeah, I mean...
The generation has no idea who that is.
No, I think what they ought to do.
I think maybe there's part of it that's true is take the toothpicks and fry their goddamn eyelids open to make him watch Rosie O'Donnell for four or five days.
That'll straighten them out.
Yeah, what the hell is that bitch doing on here?
What is wrong with the women in this country?
And they got the worst goddamn taste.
The crap that you women watched between that fat, disgusting Oprah...
I guess the women like fat, disgusting people, which I'm surprised they don't listen to this show.
Look as Connie didn't make it.
Who?
Connie Wilson.
Oh, yeah, Brian Wilson's daughter.
She didn't make it?
She was on the air for about a week.
All right.
Well, I understand she had to go back to bed with Daddy and that teddy bear.
Keep him company.
Oh, yeah, he's back in bed again.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 10, 10, come on.
Let's place him Brian Wilson.
What are you saying?
Here we go.
You inspire me, Beast.
Here we go.
Yeah.
The hell are these calls?
They suck.
Let's place him Brian Wilson.
It was very demented now, which is a good lesson on your kids.
See, this is better than scared straight in the clockwork orange.
What's that one cut?
They're just enough to make you want to...
Huh?
Here we go.
Spend too much time in bed with your teddy bear.
This is what you'll sound like.
Let it shine, O'er the land, shine.
Oh.
I don't want to blind you the best we'd art.
Get out of the covers again.
Let it shine, O'er the land, shine.
How's Dennis doing?
He's still on the water.
Yeah, he's still.
He'll come off one of these days.
Or you don't worry about it, Brian.
Shadows fall.
The ocean calls.
Yeah.
He's a knight in steel.
Where I want to be the ghost.
Oh.
That's the most of all.
So there's a lesson for all your kids out there.
Don't waste your life away, line in bed with a big guide named Teddy Bear.
Unless it's one that moves.
5600560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Yeah, let's play some music today.
What do you say?
Oh!
Go back to that music stuff.
It beats a hell out of it.
See people who write a material.
391 votes at night.
Paul already, if not, he will want to clock.
That's what they're busy.
They don't have time to talk to me.
They're whipped up into a frenzy box because we asked
some kind of a negative question here like what's disturbing to you what
bothers you what are you pissed off about that's what they love here they love
negative like that yeah they love it that doesn't matter what the panthers for
quite a while they got a team out there go support them I'm not going you
should live so long I go to that least game on Saturday and that'll be it bye bye
boys got one day to the deadline one day anything happened in there oh well the
only thing we do know is they'll get rid of my so-and-jick because they don't
want to pay in the money good tough knows guy you know wins a lot of face
offs sticks a couple in the net every now and then good useful player out there
Mike so-and-jick but they don't want to pay in the money he'll be gone mark my
words by tomorrow this time he'll be going bye bye what are they having
Peter will run tonight he had a matter of fact Peter will always gonna be
they're gonna have a special light Friday because they figure they can't do
to penguins with Mario anyway so what we're gonna do is Peter will always
gonna play all six positions on Friday he's gonna play goal he's gonna be
the center the other two forward and play both defensive positions on
Friday the entire game against the penguins and then he's going to beat the
crap out of somebody a various cast boydys it'll probably be him they don't
have math or write anymore it'll be yeah cast brightest and the big
shorts are 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T see they've been trying to
pedal a whole bunch of crap to you guys for years oh here's a hockey player
do you believe us here's the Robbie's great you believe us that come on that
you believe us anymore no they don't believe you anymore they're tied up it
even Stanley C. Panthers getting pretty pissed off yeah that's right even you
notice his tail is starting to droop the last couple of months he's not too
happy here's Weston hello good afternoon yes sir you know pines isarena has
high school hockey and I yelled and screamed as much as I have at any
professional hockey thing and both the fact the nice part about it was 12
minute periods and one minute between periods you go watch two games and you're
out of there and after the time there would go to a professional game first you
don't have a bunch of crap and you were mentioning earlier what about those
blinks that drop the little yeah what what what are those things here's a great
story that's good for practically kill you for one of those
that's exactly what it's a federal attendance kids kids out there we're sitting in
our seats and just around the Irish right overhead that drops out the 11 year old
runs to maybe two steps down the aisle to get the it's you know get the
piece of paper he grabs it and all of a sudden a rolling band of other kids are
kicking him and and and and and planning at him and smacking him and they're
laughing at him and he finally sticks his hand out and he says take it take it it
was a free Pepsi from subway or something like that you know so you go and
you risk your life for a free drink you know it's it's really and and then but
like you say there are people there that are spending more time watching the
remote control blimp go around the the upper row listen I got a one pal
here's one of those hucksters from the gambling channel they need a great buying
opportunity come on you man enough to step in and put some money to the market
now come on let me ask you I you're you're not on vacation this week because I've
seen a lot of actually here you're working yeah and you're calling here's a
guy that's got a big pyramid I'll tell you because we've been ripping you guys
in action and deservedly so to you guys have you destroyed all of us you're
you're now waiting for you you're your co-conspirators and the biggest fraud in
the history of the human race first of all I love to have lunch at least the Q.A.M.
listen my old buddy Neil Rogers right on the web of course let me say it again
you guys are a fraud now that having said that yeah I did say it I'm only
four hundred I'm only four hundred grand in the red on page
it's amazing to me that all of a sudden this morning even on your friends
on their markings and all these other geniuses now all of a sudden those
this goes only worth thirteen bucks now all of a sudden you're discovering
that oh this was all bull crap on how come three months six months ago you didn't
tell me let me ask you question yeah do you homework did you do your
due diligence did you check your risk paren did you take a look at whether this
stock was right you know it's very interesting because I saw you yesterday
you're doing more of those interviews with some talking head and you went to
this big disclaimer about you know individuals have personally yeah I saw that
no but that's my line I noticed that you're trying to like separate yourself
desperately here it's scrambling away from all of these the hocks
are all getting around the side yeah and any of your listeners who are listening
and who are also viewers of our they've been understandably
kind of horizon yeah to the ability yeah and now I'm sure what Joe Maddie
Packley says I don't care what Abby Joseph call it yeah I don't care
anything here I need at least at least she's yours though you you are the
ultimate arbiter of what happens to your money yeah well thanks so
other times to post a look in the mirror now say oh god am I a moron is that
what you tell me no but the fact of the matter is it's like going to the track
you know I mean you stand right but I didn't want to go to the track I wanted
safety I wanted security I didn't want high risk I didn't want the high tolerance
and I give me a broker that's a tech glue you would take I got but did you look
at the fundamentals of the company before you bought it how can you do that
when you're invested mostly in mutual funds that have got like dozens and
dozens of companies in each fund come on Teddy you have for you now the
pretty good boy so there you are absolutely a favorite hangout a second you got a
minute hang on a minute because I got to do my break when I want to come back to
him and really with my ass I mean he's a good guy he's just full of cramp today
two minutes before one at five sixty Q.A. and okay what are you saying you
mentioned and I think wisely so you said mutual funds yeah if an
effect is though you still have to take a look at these companies that were
going insane with P.E.s that were like quadruple whatever I have a I have a
wine garden tech fund that my guy got for me wine garden tech fund that is
down 70% from one year ago he's turned 15,000 50,000 in cash in the 15,000 on
paper in one year but not in the house that CMBC's fault well not now wait a
minute the that part of it isn't CMBC's fault but the fact is that I give
an example a lot of the stocks that are in there like and I don't have to do
this before I have no dot com's I have no ask jeans I have no one thank
good as price line dot com for none of that I have only outstanding sensational
companies I have Oracle I have Cisco I have some microsystems I have Intel I
have Palm and within the last three months you've had people on your channel
talking about Cisco and Son are the two best companies in the world and Cisco
is this and blah blah blah blah and Nokia which I also have by the way guaranteed
30% increase next throughout all this nobody guarantees anything well that's
what these people were talking about it differentiate between what the guest
is guaranteed we don't want to guarantee that the information but the fact is
that a lot of the guests that you people put on there and I've told you this
before a lot of these people have a vested interest just like on a panel
on a panel on MSNBC with bro call last night these people aren't on there
because they're trying to help us make money these people are trying to make
money themselves these people are hyping just like just like we're saying
before they the racetracked house they're trying to you know feather their own
nest but you're smart enough to know that most people are as well
well you as you well know you don't need them but I'm a lot of most people
well I'm smart enough to know that Cisco is going to go from being the best
company in the world to a stock that this morning they're the autonomous on
your network is maybe fairly valued at 13 bucks a share
you know what though as you will know here in green drive the market
everybody always says that doing the green side on the way up where will all
these people complaining then when they were
no no no but wait but wait a minute that's the point they weren't complaining but
you had the same people on the promoting that this was legitimate and you
people were the ones who helped to invent this whole psychology of the new
economy in other words p.e.s don't mean anything but that's what you were
promoting no and I got to tell you this you know I've had these guys on
where they talk about the phone on purpose you've been this is not the new
metrics and the new metrics which is means by which you measure the stock
doesn't include earnings for me absolute not and I said that at the time
and that we challenge these people and I got to tell you something you know
more than those nobody knows the broadcasting business that are longer than
you but I don't know what kind of mail you get we've been that we can't
please anybody if you put a bear on if you put those like inside on who's
been a bear forever and probably you know you know you know you're something this
is the problem the problem is that because people have become so involved
that it's become a hobby I don't have to tell you that that's right and like
when the tech thing took off and all the day traders I mean your ratings when
zooming through the roof the guys were joking about that this morning and now
there's a little too the roof because I'm sitting here watching the right now
we're all peeing in our pants wondering for a it's ever going to come back
while I've any money left but the fact is that the public average luck out there
doesn't have the ability to do all the research you're talking about and
forget about the new guys with the economy even these old guys that you have
on talking about our support levels and talking about the
retesting the lows all those cliches you know something it's just a bunch of
verbiage it doesn't amount to a hill of being the fact is because we just
we can't be one point because your viewers your listeners need to hear it and
another one I love is capitulation when we have capitulation
when we go to zero right that's right when everybody sells every piece of stock
that they got in the world then it means that they want a
cathartic washout if you will yeah the fact of the matter is off getting her
inside you just said all the over truck out there doesn't understand this or
whatever fine but they do have to understand risk tolerance if you walk in a
race track you got to know how much money you can afford to lose if you walk
in a poker game and you walk if you walk in the race track or a poker game they
call a gambling tab you know that we've been through this before right you people
call this investing to me and for me if there's a difference between investing
and trading of course and the different fairs time horizon yeah trading you
know these people are making money on eights and cores well what about how about
the smart ass line that Mark came through at the guy this morning about you know
who the the guy who was trying to give a little blue sky there and talking about
well you know years ago if you would have just put the money in the good
companies and sat back and I got about it and Mark comes up with how about
Xerox AT&T you would allow you to have bookers what you lost your ass how about that
well look look yeah this paint is a tough cookie
well but his history show but his point is correct and I lost $20,000
you want to go down here last time history shows that over the long haul the stock market
that performs every other mode of investment yeah I'm not trying to sell up to
you I'm just stating a fact yeah but let me ask you this wouldn't wouldn't
wouldn't the average luck rather have a guaranteed seven percent in the CD or six
eight quarters of what I'm in my friend I took a very substantial amount of money
put into something called i.n.g. direct I got an fd i c insurance cd
yeah I was able to lock it into seven and a half percent
well I'm not losing any money on that but I'll tell you what a 401k
took a G-E now down to 56 at 41 on a quarter
you know well I can't help but they work for a second rate company and
they work for a good company like I do like these
they're like four cents a year or something
easily brought yeah there you go but the fact of the matter is is that everybody's
getting hurt and the best advice I hear and I'm not giving advice we don't give
us that I hear from people is don't do anything precipitous
because there will be bounces back
there no but like even even if it's a so-called oversold bounce or they have bounce
or technical bounce you know that as you've been watching this market long enough
that will not stick to my stomach over it I want to puke from it well and you use
those opportunities to get out you sell on strength you don't sell at the bottom
yeah well you say use those opportunities I bought Cisco at 47 I thought I was
getting the hell of a deal it's 19 bucks a share now or 18 let me ask you
question do you believe in the company sure do you feel this fundamentally
this that they've got a sound good day you're
gonna spend all morning this morning given a bunch of crap about how
there are you next year the projection is for
uh... and the next
person that
your people
not a no no no no no not not not not not just not just the talking head David
favor is repeating the same information
uh... all your people and the talking it's being re repeated with
attribution
there's nobody on our staff here who has paid to be an analyst yeah
and analyze these companies and then get on the air and tell people what to do
we don't know you only had the one guy that I remember the little
of twippy guy that was on the market this morning talking about the
uh... i'm a little bit right now it's good Jewish boy he's talking about the
fact is like you're saying are they good companies if so the what do you
worry about because if you're in it for the long haul or even just a few years
uh... it's gonna come back
but that's it but that's history tells us and that's that's the only got that's
what it got the rocks and eight and ten children in his face
well it is there's a major shift in in in the way the market operate at this
point i don't know but if things continue in the future the way they have in the
past history repeats itself and that advice is out
i can't tell you interact with us big is a very wise philosopher one
to use that to a lot of the idea of what's in the lives of the biggest
and another very wise philosopher calls your channel the gambling channel
well i didn't hear that yeah that's me and if you recall the gambling channel
instead of pretending that we're investing here then i would appreciate it a lot
more than least i know i was gambling
you're a big boy and you'll be pleased though i want sixty bucks at the track
on center
okay Maria tell her parents and make up people are talking
hey love your show thank you thanks then
five i
whoo
that's from sand they say good guy with two great first names
anybody know what he just said no
i don't blame him he's a good guy
and you say took a whole bunch of money and put into guarantee the city's
it's seven and a half percent
you should be going on here on on your gambling channel ten telling the
audience had two that you took a substantial amount of your money and put
it in the guaranteed CD and not in all these wild
wild investments here not all the shlok that you got people on their
pedaling i'm expecting Ron bash to come on there with one of those eight
hundred numbers any second talking about you know with a touting of uh... uh...
points breads that'll be next on the gambling channel you know one bash
good i'll give these numbers got a good bookie nine minutes after one at five
sixty wd q a m you know what i
water to supply throughout for a very low why
rain falls into the summer two thousand in all time well kind of like my
investments you know
that's on by written else in my bucket got a whole unit my portfolio is got a
whole i keep pouring more money into it and it doesn't go anywhere stays the
same
so help
hey if you got a mint
sure
here you go
what the fuck
this meant it's like yeah i had it in my ass you put the manure
you mother
fucking
son of
up
my name is ten one day i got sick of people asking me for mints and gum
freeloaders so i started putting in my actual ass
some last others beat the sh** out of me
whatever now you can get my assments forever mingee things for
anus are sold
one thirteen at five sixty wd q a m our good friend south al-Falkonger stop by
with lots of that great sole water thank you sir happy poem
five six seven oh five sixty pounds so ten david was on it what did that say huh
who are yeah something like that i mean he's a good guy but i was getting very
defensive now i'm very protective of course because uh you know that's his
job he works for ge cnbc the gambling channel whatever you want
intellectualized their vagus
and he's trying to turn the tables a little bit and i'll look at that since our
conversation and that's coming back a little bit to end on sixty six eight
i think we can get that sucker back up with two thousand by the end of the day
that's right between him and Kurt Thomas that's our Kurt Thomas i think not
gum glad you didn't forget about that
because he'd be saying i should have congratulated marquins and that's still
interview with Kurt Thomas of the mix my favorite part is when he said
yeah like that yeah that was good
yeah that's what you said that's what you said that's what you said that's what you said
that's like a little bit yeah yeah you tell him Kurt baby
here's pember pine tell him is it me it sounds like you
okay got it all planned out there he's got it all you know cute up screwed up
so he goes boyfriend's finger in his back then and then just he's under for like a half a second
here's a mobile and poppano hello yeah meal yes sir the phones are all screwed up then you've picked
me up twice and then put me back on hold really who's working the board the beast the beast the beast
meals the world of these you you're talking about all the gambling that you do and you know
with this sir's uh oh no i want to put you back it's got them remember get a life already
we're not even funny anymore you're not amusing you're not interesting it's the uh
uh fake rubber and jones again with the uh you're gay and that guy every day now we get
this guy go get a wife you're terminal mobile in Miami hello
okay we got him today baby here's broken hello yeah yes sir you know how these all of brokerage
houses make these 12 month projections and what they think this stock is gonna be yeah
mr. david was real media uh if it was really the media cnbc they would go back 12 months see what
these jokers said the stocks were gonna be worth 12 months from now they've been they've been
been doing that this week they've been showing the projections from a year ago and they've been
replying some of the tapes and embarrassing some of these people and then they bring them on again
and now they rationalize and they got another story you know they always have a story well i want
to see that in writing somewhere i need to see it i need to find these guys on my start crack
on thank you okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line mobile and dot-ray beach hello hey Neil yes sir glad that you put it
to be uh to test a with with object respect i kind of think very good luck and i i'm sick it
so i want to say something you okay with all due respect i know a very good ophthalmologist
in tamarack he doesn't charge too much and you need immediately you know i have a great
eye for male female for human beauty and marina part of roimal is one of these smarmy is looking
at little bitches i have ever seen in my life yeah i i and this morning had no makeup on to
boot so the bags in your eyes were on extra heavy duty so if that's your idea that you ought to
be having a good time sir because there's lots of ugly people out there just like maria
god how many times have i said that before you know talk about desperate they think it's been
anything with a screw down there like even a guy you know i didn't have anything that she's
really hot and these guys that call on the afternoon when they take the phone calls oh marina you
look so lovely today yeah compare to what compare to my dog left in the backyard you know look
too bad not great but not too bad compared to that get a bruggett or life man get a blow up though
at least in the brothel he had the bags in the eyes here's my any hello you know yes sir
hey i was wondering if you could christmas month for me i live like down in kind i live like four blocks
away from oj anyway there's this church like right down the street from me and like every week
they have like a different message on their message board out front and the message this week says
it says do you know how to make god laugh tell him your future plans and i'm not sure exactly what
that means and i just wonder if i could just get some spirit i know i make god laugh all
orgies got to do a drive up in front and say the sign and he'll laugh like hell good luck to you sir
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eight and tea and Verizon wireless line
for waterdale ho it happened in ill yes sir uh you know Ted David it's fine to listen to those
guys and and have them back up their hedges like they make these predictions and then they got
to back them up because that's their job and it just sounds you know when they fall flat in their
face they can only still project the future and and and project in their hedges and it just sounds so
like they have to back themselves up because that's their job and that's what they have to do and
it's not so ridiculous sometimes i think yeah i like Ted is a good guy and there's a great job
on here but he's defending the indefensible and the fact is over the past year cnbc is just as
responsible for the tauts they have on because they've been using the same terminology new economy
old economy and they've been they've been promoting the same kind of mindset that has created this
bubble now that they're decrying and now they're now they're starting to long like it and they're
like they never had any party to it you know like oh well now you know they're only uh they just
ain't been the table on their couple minutes ago talking about the plight of Cisco and they've
never had a face this before and their earnings are going to be flat for the next year and the yada yada
they have this big challenge three months ago they're on their tonus it's the best company in the
world and you must own it we're has the money gone that everyone's losing in the scenario well that
can't happen though because uh you know i mean uh an electric i mean i it's all done electronically
but it's got to go somewhere someone that i mean it doesn't just disappear some that money's got
to be somewhere where is there there wasn't any don't understand it was funny money it didn't exist
oh i see what you're saying because you what they're in that that's why they that's why they call
what a bubble got it there was there was no such money it was just uh they were just on paper like
they say right electronic uh just just like my losses though the only difference being that my
money once upon a time was real now it's on paper i got it uh i'm also a seasoned ticket holder
of the panthers i'm turning in my tickets at the end of the season all this like uh trying to
pan to two us and have all these uh appreciation days and all that crap it's all pull crap okay
have a great day another way of pander to the fans and you put a good product out there on the ice
and you know making honest effort to try to you know compete instead of making up all these
stories and well the uh you know the injuries and the listening and they got Mike Wilson back wow
there you go that's fucking impediment that's moving in the wrong direction great big physical
Mike Wilson sorry great big Mike Wilson i forgot about that physical park why he wasn't physical
and buffalo that he did in there is he physical here oh he ever gonna be oh no bad trade
and of course not they can say well you know the murders are gone they got fired uh-huh
how about old bow tie whoever the new owner is but that's gotta be the first one to go is old bow tie
here's my name be cello you know i wonder fans would pay for the trip they can he can
open Mike nobler yes sir Neil yes hey uh you know that channel seven has like 15 to 20
on-air personalities or i don't know how many they have it seems like they have a lot yeah
any idea like the like a low spade 10 of them what kind of price range is that in the salary any
idea what kind of price range is that in how much money they make a year like the uh you know
the ones that you see on me once in a while never ever often eight of them yeah yes no idea
not having got any idea what difference does it make well because just that curious print of
mind we're wondering like he said they made like a you know 150,000 year who's the day he's talking
about who he'd be talking about you mean like crazy who the do you have the money or the way to grill
like bill keys in array or somebody else you know spiel keys in array yeah how much would you pay
spiel keys in array eight books yeah that's about it for maybe a little head five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teen and how about the one with the cat eyes what
else your name no one mitzel with the cat eyes well they got some of the strings just looking
people on that channel have any straight guys working in five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the eighteen and the course Rick Sancho's works out forgot about him like I said any
state guy oh here's broken hello Neil yes sir oh I'm sorry you know okay sorry just like you know
I'm in the business for about 20 years what business is that the investment business oh I'm so sorry
hey just like you know I wish I could talk of that guy Ted because they paraded more losers
Shmendry right I don't want to bore you but go ahead every here a guy called Joe Granville sure okay
he's they had him on the early eighties and he was saying that the bear market was coming in the
market was going down he was wrong for ten years they slept him out they had a guy named Michael Metz
from Oppenheimer in this in the early 1990s it said sell he was wrong yeah they had a lane
guards early on they had this little pips we come remember that guy Jimmy Rogers with the
chair absolutely by golden or is he now yeah but the one thing that I wish you would have talked to
that I just did that why don't they ever take these guys to task they've locked millions of dollars
for people yeah I just don't I mean the best thing you can do is when my Ted starts by saying
you know if you've done your dude diligence I mean if I'm going to do my dude diligence what do
you need me for no that's right what do I need all these experts for what do I need
matured for what do I need the abbey Joseph shorts a co-in the group scene for what the
other we need all these people if was about the average person doesn't even know how to do do
diligence much less has the ability to do it you know what it's about cover your took us right
that's right and that's what Ted is trying to do now which I feel bad about that he's a good guy
but he's amazing when I heard him say he has his money in seven and a half percent CDs yeah
is isn't that something huh but go out and plunge in JDS unit base no my god hey happy for him
and they're good luck to us goodbye by Nokia phone please
two of them five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Info Rising Wilders one I mean
what are any of these people gonna take it out anyway and these broken types like they got
a card earlier in the show just like my guy oh yeah well you got to you can't do anything now you
got a sit tight sit tight it'll come back and then of course they're hoping like he'll
little come back if it doesn't come back I'll say well you know it's never happened before
it's my worst year in history blah blah blah yeah great terrific I'm real happy for it
in the meantime was my 400 grand you schmuck you piece of crap you phone him below me you high
fire see well I went with matured well he wanted to do you know this doesn't surprise a lot of
people he wanted to real put out a big dog and pull me sure for me then I come on hey look at all
of my this guy man he's the greatest that's what he envisioned say gonna go out with Neil Rogers
and he was told ahead of time he was told if you lose this guy some money he's gonna rip you an
ass on the air and I have every day for the last year and he's literally so but I didn't want a
dog in Tony show I didn't want high flyers I didn't want somebody to go out there and army 20 and
30 and 40 percent I wanted conservative I wanted somebody who was gonna guard my money like they
were guarding their life that's what I wanted somebody with some wisdom somebody with some knowledge
somebody who knew something and then of course I should have looked in the mirror and said to myself
yeah but who turned me on of this guy Jeff Rimmer the same guy whose brother-in-law had a dream
that an Arab chic bought 50 trillion shares of Xerox and it was actually about one show he made the
other shares on the copying machine Xerox copier yeah Rimmer stick to your hockey games okay
Rimmer stick to the freaking hockey game god see nice actually down 63 now what are we going about
how much do you think you got not too much you got a few shares got a few oh
let me first do that I tried to afford much on minimum wage hey yeah but you know better just
stash it away because with the big budget cuts coming around this place that 10 bucks and I was
gonna go like seven eight if you're lucky maybe yeah if you're lucky 26 after yeah but all the three
weekends you can do that with that money show on the weekend yeah with two guts hey when you're
buying two guys yeah let's all write up a big fat one today in honor of the market taking a big
crap again the most well you know we can cry about it and scream about it yes depressing nobody
wants to hear that garbage but just yeah be first off it'll come back maybe it will it's only money you know
come on in way down and fight up
soon to be sent five drinks day
hey and I will drink more than I weigh the time for those left ring tons is scary to hear the
Irish way is I'm back to the beer
oh
I hate the Irish.
One-tilly-one at five sixty-kimps.
It tells you a lot about people based on the holidays and what they do.
The Irish still is drunk.
That's where that expression came from, drunk and Irishmen.
The jewels we eat.
Every Jewish holiday has to do with eating specials, but except young kipper which has to do with not eating.
You have to eat before and after.
Right.
But I mean, even the basic premise of not eating has something to do with eating.
So that's where you know, five jewels that's where we came from as opposed to like, drunk and Irishmen.
Five, six, seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the eighths and the Fabricina Graham.
I forgot about them.
Here's a mobile in Miramar.
Hello.
Hey, I just want to know if you give her a sh**.
Better to be saved, okay pal, you want to know.
Correct.
Here's the cross-blank, hello.
Yeah, I knew.
Yes sir.
Ted David was writing one thing in terms of, look at the history of the market.
If you were invested in 1929, it's three years for the market to reach its low.
And then it took until about 1959 to come back to the level it was in.
Or was it accurate?
That's only 20 years.
Well, some of us don't have 20 years.
Exactly my point when they say buy and hold, what's your horizon?
Yeah.
They just don't tell you what you should be holding.
Yeah.
Well, in 1929, RCA was a great company and everybody was buying RCA like it was Cisco.
And it wasn't until 1961 that RCA, when COA TV came out, got to reclaim its market value.
Well, that's great.
That's only 32 years.
Like I said, I don't have 32 years.
That's my point.
Uh-huh.
Take care of me.
Okay, good luck to us.
Buy and hold.
Yeah.
Buy and hold it.
560, 7.0560, £560.
The bottom line is this.
This is the one true thing you will hear.
There isn't any of these people that's got the foggyest idea what they're talking about.
Not a single one.
None of them.
And of course, just like racetrackedouts or these gambling touts, they come out there.
And as part of their job, it's going to be part of their act.
They have to sound very authoritative and they have to have a lot of them have the charts.
And they're showing all the graphs.
And here's the support levels.
And they're like this this morning.
Key support level based on what?
Based on what?
And then I still love that one.
We have to retest the lows.
Why?
Why?
Have we already been low enough?
I think I'm going to be able to get your time.
We've got to retest the lows.
There's no rationale for this.
No rationale whatsoever.
But anyway, have a good time.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile and Pembroke Pine.
Hello?
Neil, happy belated term.
Thanks.
Tim B.
Neil, I'll tell you this.
I'm an investment advisor.
I freely admit I don't have a damn clue about how to deal with this.
Now, having said that, see, here's the problem I always say.
The number one is, if you have a 20% upside,
grab the profit, and 8% loss, get rid of it,
you can never get hurt that badly.
But what happens is these guys always tell you to sit,
you're way, don't worry, you'll come back.
That's outside of a plan that you should have.
You should have a stock loss.
You take your loss like a big boy and you walk.
You take your profit and you walk like a big boy.
What profit?
What profit?
Well, I'm saying, at least,
look, what's bad?
What's worse, taking an 8% loss, taking a 20% loss.
So in other words, you're suggesting
I would take, what losses, $400,000 loss I've got now?
I don't know what your position is all the same as if you had a position
that's prone at this point.
If you have a system that says, look, I will take no more than 8% loss,
and I'm out of that stock.
You take your bumps and you go.
Now, you may be sitting with a 20% or 30% loss,
and now you've got to have a huge upside to make the money back.
They just believe in all these things.
That's correct.
So, this is the problem with most of those guys.
And just remember one thing.
Brokers get paid whether you're buying or you're selling,
that's what I've said.
That's the problem with it.
They don't care.
They don't care to the extent that they would like to make you some money
so they can use you as a reference and say, hey, look at all the money.
I mean, especially somebody like me who's under radio with a big mouth.
Remember all these guys that are grew roots that are on television,
that most of these guys want to score for one thing.
Journalism.
They didn't go to school to be an economist, okay?
So, you know, what I call, what I call my client is,
you're going to read the papers, and that's the funny papers,
because all they want to do is play on your promotions.
And what you've got to do is you've got to...
I'll tell you one thing.
My guy is so great.
I'm sure she has never, they're doing those.
Because I had the bad luck of getting in with him a year ago,
which is right when the NASDAQ was 5,000,
and here we sit one year.
Yeah.
Here we sit a year later, taking it up my old...
Right, there you go.
Sir, can I finish what I'm saying or do you know this guy?
At no time along the way, has he ever said to me,
sell anything at no time?
Never.
Well, then I would get him a big tube of preparation,
because that's a big E&O point waiting to happen.
Okay, have a great day.
Five is it.
5,6705, 60, pound, 5,60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Wine.
Here's a mobile and broker, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
You get the mail right on the head.
Have you noticed what upsets the raw street guide the most?
The brokers is when you call a gambling.
They cannot stand it with you.
But that's exactly what it is.
You know, it's so clear, in other words,
an investment is something that you sign a piece of paper
and it says what you're going to make.
Has a broker ever like put him writing what you're going to make in the market?
No.
Of course not.
I mean, they just said so obvious.
Have you went to the God of CD and the banker said,
well, in the last 20 years you'll make something.
I mean, not only that, but there's business about doing due diligence.
And then when I hit Ted with that business about mutual funds,
you know, how do you do due diligence?
Even if your broker sends you a list which they will,
if you want them to, of all like stocks that are in the mutual fund,
how do you do diligence on 100 stocks that are for the stock?
You can't stand.
And just because it's made money to all 20 years,
or I don't care if it's made money to all 100 years,
if they can't guarantee it's going to make money this year, then it's gambling.
Right.
It's as simple as that.
Okay, Neil, that's it.
Good luck to us.
Let's see if they track.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon while they're fine.
Here, listen, at least we're losing together, you know,
because do you have a right?
Now make it feel a lot better.
No.
This is 560, QAL.
Hey, enough with the pamphlets, all right?
When the hell was the baseball season of the get-underwear?
Good morning.
We have some business to attend to called the budget of the United States.
The blueprints I submit this week contains little more than inflation.
We're going to run out of health care, education, defense, and fast.
That would be a good worry to have.
Everybody pays income taxes, we'll receive a joint, and nobody will be targeted out.
The typical family will get about $5 in tax relief, and that's real money.
Thank you for listening.
And you're welcome.
141 at 560, WDQ, we got hand-stated by a Tula State too, we'll be on at 2 o'clock.
Josh Bell from 660, 650, it'll be a good time to have been into anybody.
650 got Marlins on Dreck, and then at 705, the Marlins at the U.S.
8K, we'll try to follow that.
Won't be using it.
What the hell happened there doing in Brick?
You know, we had 8 million people out there like most of them were out there in a big hurry.
Trying to call that broker.
560, 750, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's a call from Bradenton.
Hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to make a comment on your poll for today.
Uh-huh.
I'm a professional truck driver.
I called you before.
Redneck truck driver from Bradenton.
I think, personally, in my line of work, the old people and the drivers ought to be one in the same subject.
Oh!
I'll tell you what, man.
But nothing more annoys me than trying to drive behind some old, decrepit old fart that can hardly walk a little on drive.
You need to set a knuckles on a steering wheel.
I'm telling you.
That's a major pain to butt for a driver.
I do care about the school's minor.
Too young to be in school yet.
But my vote for today was for the old people.
The old drivers.
Yes.
Okay, pal.
Hey, take it easy.
Good luck to you.
You'll need it.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
560, 750, 560.
How's that pool coming?
A lot of votes, man.
475, which means there's lots and lots of bogus.
I mean, that's ridiculous.
475.
Which of those disturbs you the most about South Florida?
Well, maybe it's not the bogus because, you know, that top bar category.
That's the one that gets all these people hysterical.
People who can't award speaking was 154.
Old people, 132.
Oh!
Traffic school, 72.
The driver, 72.
Crime only 44.
That would look about crime.
We don't have any crime down here.
You know, little key shootings, stuff like that.
But it shows people are award speaking was, I'm telling you, man.
The people here are psychotic over that.
They're pissed off and fired up.
They're forming it to mouth about it.
Even if I got up there and broken is a psychotic.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Hi.
That nail.
Good listen to you for 25 years.
Not continuously, but, you know, almost.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I have a little observation.
It isn't going to help you.
But I think the thing that really pisses me off about this whole stock buying deal is that
you can train a computer to tell you when to buy a good stock.
I mean, this doesn't take a stock broker with any brains.
This is really a simple deal.
What people need is not somebody to tell them what's stocked the buy.
Somebody to tell them what was in the business.
Well, what is the comment that you made as ridiculous?
You can't train a computer to tell you when to buy a stock?
Yeah, you can.
No, you can't.
You can try to tell you which stock is to buy.
And you can pretty well now add that as to when to buy a.
But what people need is somebody to tell them.
There's absolutely no way that anybody could have envisioned when Cisco got to 40 or 45 bucks.
There was going to go to 18 or 19 bucks.
Computer, person, nobody could have known that.
Nobody.
No, no, I'm not saying that.
I'm saying.
What are you talking about?
There's a proper time to buy stocks and there's a proper group of stocks to buy, depending on what your objectives are.
And you can try to computer to bring those stocks up to search for a man.
I want to tell you something, okay?
Because I've been watching this for the past year very closely and you wrong.
These people on Ted David's channel there on his gambling channel, one day they're on there and they're screaming,
oh, it's the immediate stocks.
Oh, my God, these are the doggies.
And they're all whipped up and they're getting all recommended by Smith Barney and this one on that one.
Two days later and all of a sudden, you know, advertising revenues are projected way down.
And the same media stocks that all went showing up both three, four, five percent two days before,
they're all taking a big dump.
I'm actually sitting on a screen with you.
No, you're not. You're making ridiculous statements about you could try to computer it to pick stocks. That's not correct.
What people need isn't something to tell them which stocks to buy.
What people need to know is who else?
Invest their money, not double talk like you're giving me.
You don't have any other words you're talking about.
None.
They need investments that are guaranteed and are safe and secure.
Those are investments.
If you want to pray, if you don't have a bookie and you're bored of death or maybe the bookies isn't taking enough action for it,
here's all the action in the world. It's called the stock market.
Gambling.
Parenthood simple.
Anybody who tells you anything else who pretends that it's investing is a mother-shmucking liar, I'll tell you that right now.
It is gambling.
Parenthood simple.
Some people get lucky. Some people get buried. Whatever.
It's gambling.
If you look at a product, if somebody sits down and says, okay, look, you can lose your ass here.
If you want safe, I can give you safe. You're not going to earn a whole lot, but at least it's guaranteed.
And then you choose.
As opposed to have some fake retake audio life savings that you've worked for 8 million years for.
And then just, well, I double you down today on Chipwix. I did this. I did that.
And just go nuts. You know, like a kid to lose him last day because it's through spot machines.
With your money.
He's got nothing to lose. That is money.
Here's my inny. Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going? I got a little story of how screwed up the day County Public Schools are.
All right. She's a school teacher, right?
And last week there was some little girls collecting money for a teacher that was pregnant to buy her a chip.
And all this.
And they got caught by the principal.
The principal suspended them for five days.
For what?
For collecting money and it was not approved by the principal to collect the money.
So week before last, a little kid got suspended for five days for threatening the teacher.
He wrote on a piece of paper that he was going to kill her unborn child.
He was going to rip the baby off and kill it.
And the principal's excuse on this was, well, at least he took his anger out and wrote it down.
So we're only going to suspend him for five days.
There you go. Yeah, good.
I'm just thinking.
I'm just thinking.
You can give us a little warning anyway.
Yeah.
And the teacher still has to teach the child in the classroom.
Great.
I'm believeable.
We're like you, sir.
Thank you.
Okay.
Hang in there.
Well, you know, only you'll see education in crappy schools.
Only 76.
Only 15%.
They don't care about that.
They're more concerned about people who are not spicketing ways.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got 70,000 open lines here.
12 minutes to go.
We're going to make it till two.
You know, I sure doubt it, boy.
It's been a real Rocky day today, just like ice cream, Rocky Road.
A real Rocky Road without always cover high weights.
I'll go out past this.
You're getting me like, I'm like incoherent now.
Too much of that past is so bright.
I love that past over the sausage.
It's very good.
But like, you know, four, enough for four people will be good.
But nothing sticks.
It's a little bit too much.
I have to throw half of it out and silly way too much.
And then the answer to the salad, the beast is still,
he's still trying to make a recovery from that.
What actually what his low point was today, coming in with his phone system,
in the way it was or the ants in the salad may have been it.
We'll take a poll on that tomorrow.
Here's Tamara, hello.
Hello, yes?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I went through, I got some free tickets
to go to the Patrick game.
It was the first time I went out to Kansas,
I got to go to the stadium in Salt Panthers.
I got two free tickets.
I called you and never take it.
You see, my bottle water come with us.
And they told me they were so out.
And they told me not to take it.
Meanwhile, I went through the game,
and I saw more empty seats.
What game was this?
This was the one they paid their blue jackets
and stuff like that.
I'm proud of you.
No, the level game wasn't sold out.
They had 12,000 people there.
Wait, they're watching out?
No, it was not.
Wasn't it a clever thing to sell out all year?
How could they even have been sold out?
They wouldn't sell me, and I would take it.
And they wouldn't sell me, and I would take it.
So that's the end of the practice for me.
OK, great.
Thanks for making that one up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, probably a blue jacket.
And probably Doug McClain's boyfriend,
so I'm very convinced.
This is 5, 60, 2 AM.
White boots from the Neil Rogers Show,
New Sports Radio 560, QAPL.
I could never get my baby boy to drink his milk.
Sometimes he'd go without his for days,
and I started to worry about his health.
So I asked my doctor what I should do.
He suggested I try Earl's team.
It's the most additive that a gizier
will win all the vitamins that Gray and Gray needs,
and a flavor that'll make him not more.
Just dab a little Earl's team on your breasts and watch him die.
I write mom and son, give it a little animal time,
but you need to go to school.
That's enough.
Have a good day, honey.
All right, mom.
See ya.
Thanks, Earl's team.
150, 3, 5, 60, double-cum, I forgot.
Saturdays that big game, the Leafs and the Panties.
That's what I am going to with my maple leaf jacket.
Probably I could use a little bit of enthusiasm
to put it on the collar, but just put it deep in the face.
It's a bit of a shame.
It's a bit of a shame, but I'm going to do it by myself.
I'm on the board.
It's a bit of a shame.
It's a bit of a shame.
I'm going to hit the pole again.
It's going to leave me for the better.
Yeah.
It would be about eight to one, I think, on Saturday.
What do you want to look like that,
that you came from down three-nothing against Vancouver?
The other night, I saw that maple leaves, baby.
They actually tied a game, huh?
Yeah.
We don't worry about winning due game in many games.
We can tie a game and put it excited about that.
We can just get through today and tomorrow and know Eric.
That's all I'm hoping for.
Please, know Eric.
Bye-bye, Eric. Don't go away, man.
Just go away, please.
Take your bad head and mommy and daddy and all your problems.
Go someplace else.
Same room. It sounds good.
Here's a mobile and popular. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
About upon a spacing.
What happened to her big billion?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I don't think they let them out yet.
Where are we going? Here's Miami. Hello.
For real? Yes, sir.
How about the squandered tax dollars out in Kendall?
What? The squandered tax dollars
the school board stands on in Kendall.
What about them? I have no idea what you're talking about.
We bought a swap last to go to school.
Yeah. The squandered Miami hell, the front page.
It is? Yeah.
That wouldn't need that paper. It's a communist rag.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Once your comic pink goes over there,
that Tom Feederman, he should make it to Monson.
CNN lately.
I got that old trench coat back out again.
Here's Perline. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're talking about people going to gamble in the Storkmark
or Storkmark?
Storkmark, yeah.
With their lighted buildings.
The Storkmark is for the birds.
I'm Donor Jebby and the boys in charge of the Florida
retirement pension system for all of state employees.
I've just decided that it's going to be okay
for everybody in the retirement system
to take a chance and gamble all their money.
Sure, that's in the bush. That's in the bush.
A songbook, man. That's just like a brother bush like a
president. Now the same thing. Once you'd be able to take all your
retirement money, gamble the way in the Storkmark.
It is social security as much as you want.
These are crazy people.
And the pressure is coming directly from
the people in the business who are going to, you know, the bookies.
That's right. Bookies. That's the way cheermots are going to
calm all the people on the gambling channel, the bookies.
The people who wrote the bill go, well, it doesn't really
have any someone's to what I wanted to do with this.
Yeah. Hey, there you go. Just another example.
When in doubt, punch your brains out.
The rich get richer and less of a seat. Kibble.
Very, and rest of us are doing this with Mitchell. Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot. Okay.
Here's the model on high alia. Hello.
Hey, my name is John. Okay.
I always listen to your show. I'm Chris.
I'm coming to meet you. I just want to say this.
Last year I showed you the best in Storkmark.
I'm 23 years old.
Well, you know, the show that took a little while to
come. I can't really help my ego.
I'm not sure.
Listen, listen, your phone is crap it out.
But say how to Dennis Wilson down there for us. Okay.
Now, funny with much in Dennis earlier.
And he's this guy's right down there at the bottom of the pool.
Your phone is underwater.
So I apologize. You obviously had an interesting story there.
And the y'all like, but your phone piece of crap.
It sure can be a no key. Could it be a no key?
No. No. I hope not.
Here's a candle. Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil. Show your show.
Coming back to Ted and Wall Street.
And the analyst that you mentioned briefly.
Yeah.
Just let you know that the best record that any analyst has
for guessing correct.
Yes, I guess so.
Let's put it this way.
Pen times your guess for stocks to go up would be 50%.
Right? So you should be right.
Fifty five out of ten correct.
Now, the best analyst on record can do that 5.25 times.
Which makes you think that all this the casting and
the casting charge of these guys are drawing is hopeless.
Hope is Neil. Furthermore, you should be careful, especially when CNBC comes up with a stock that some of these
stock brokers are counting as being the the darling of Wall Street.
Well, the last down in a Wall Street cost the $12,500.
It was a company called Cascade International.
And they had a guy on every morning from one of the local broker's houses in New York.
And he started a stock in a, every day for about two months.
And right now they're looking for the Hungarian salon who was supposedly
well, he left, I guess, and he left with Eva Goodborg.
He did. And with $50 million.
