fak
sw
agreed
ride
you
WQAF presents a Neil Rogersville Runt in the United States.
7-0-1-6-18 or perma-jury.
Or count by 16-8-8-8-8-8-7-7-8-5-0 is a cold-free client.
Pins expressed by Neil Rogers' sister,
called as a member of the Federal Reserve of the Pee-Sing Runt,
asked for his family every time.
Now!
Now!
The Neil Rogers Show on 5-60-Q-A-L.
This is Rehut in Miami Fusion's head coach,
and I love the queen of South Florida Neil Rogers.
She'd be in Britain and Palace, but we'll keep them here.
I will take our monocostes, kind of.
Should act out of Giggle.
When he makes an wiggle,
monocostes are not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and herbicide, a sheet of wine.
No!
When he don't know where a stoke goes,
I can see how there was some confusion
between human and human horrors.
And then I can start a turn,
and see the box means for her to get.
So as reportedly to go in line.
That within me was working hard,
late night in the overrear fence.
Working on a practical joke.
It's up from Mac and Ludo,
for an exploding,
loading for a mine of gold,
was flowing with a smoke.
Feels the cause of mine cause the jinnah.
She let's start a giggle.
Everybody makes a wiggle.
Monocostes are not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and herbicide, a sheet of wine.
All people feel that hillarry has been
made a fool of fire, husband.
Feel that hillarry was wrong.
Up in the linking bedroom,
she was mowing.
And now, the door was still in her,
with bills old found.
Feels the cause of mine cause the jinnah.
She let's start a giggle.
Everybody makes a wiggle.
Monocostes are not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and herbicide, a sheet of wine.
All people can be sick of the humane.
Yeah, the castle is faster.
Oh yeah, the time.
What you got to do is take a sip of real love.
What you got to do is take a sip of real love.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Welcome.
Oh yeah, yeah.
I'm here to my eye every time I hear that.
Well, we're going to play a lot of stuff this next week.
I'll tell you that.
Well, no, you understand.
The kids are out of school and date, right?
See, you get me a look like I'm just going to be going through the motion
to the next few days.
Oh, why not?
Well, now, now, kids and date are out of school yesterday with senior skip
they and date counted.
And on the news last night, they were trying to not to show us my me beats.
The best behavior, the greatest group of kids.
What is that?
Why is it that's just when I opened my computer, we started the show
they're tapping and banging again.
Hear that?
Do I hear it?
Are you people crazy or what?
We're doing a goddamn radio show here.
You assholes.
I think it's downstairs.
Yeah.
And we're hearing it all the way up here on the turd floor.
It's right under our feet.
It's probably that the Bob removed.
He's an asshole.
And the rumor going about a building is that the reason that we can't stream the audio on the internet
the way that Eric was doing it before getting all those zillions of people listening
and this is the rumor is that certain assholes around here are like,
dicked with us.
You know what I'm saying?
They've diddled with our internet connection.
Which is why now there's only like five people listening right now.
Supposed to, they're already be like two, three hundred by now, only five.
And probably they'll only be like maybe ten by the end of the day
because they can't get on it because it's dicked up.
They much rather have you listen to qm.com where it sounds like it's coming through a strainer
and we have the media logical thing, the weather,
in the background while the commercial breaks are on.
Which only they could do around here.
Nice going to Bob remote you idiot.
So anyway, we're seeing your spray a break day.
And they count yesterday and they showed the kids on the beach.
And the beach police said it was the most best behaved and hottest looking group or whatever they said.
Something like that.
That's what they said.
Yeah, you would have enjoyed that.
I can't believe you must have news last, the news last night.
So speaking of young people, we had our poor yesterday about the drinking age.
And of course, a miracle occurred.
We had 873 votes on theoranges.com.
Should the drinking age be 18, 19, 20 or 21 or ban booze altogether?
Which we got a lot of ban boozeballs out there.
We just, yeah, just put a hell of it.
Just want to be wise guys.
18 wins hands down.
What do you like that?
On the 873, over over half, over 50% I didn't realize that.
442, 50.5% said the drinking age ought to be 18.
277 said, now keep it 21 because we're old anyway.
See, I guarantee you that all the people over 21 are the ones who voted for that.
31.6%.
Ban booze altogether, 62, 7%.
That age 19, 61 people said ought to be 19.
32 people said ought to be 20.
A ministerial number that...
There.
Of course, it's between 18 and 21.
18 wins hands down so that we don't have to make criminals out of young people
including the president's daughters, those drunken sloths.
That's right.
It's embarrassing and I think there's a goal and opportunity.
If we had a real leader, do we have a leader?
No.
That's going to be our poll today.
Because I want to give you a chance to, you know, for some equal time while you bush flickers out there.
I want to give them an...
By the way, the good news is that now those kids at...
What was it, North Miami Middle School?
Now that school is on date, they won't have to like just, you know,
catch a little listen here and there like in between low jobs.
North-day Middle School.
North-day Middle School.
So a very happy Thursday at all those kids from North-day Middle School
because we know you're all out there.
And it was a good idea listening to the show instead of listening to the crap
that they're teaching in class because most of what they're teaching is...
Oh, you wasted time anyway.
Wouldn't you agree that they're going to get a much better education on this show
than...
You bet.
So our good buddy Adam and sales just missed a plane at crash the 95 by about...
What do you say 75 inches last night?
It started out by like about a half a mile and then by the time you got here this morning.
It's like, you know, it's like people go fishing.
Who gets the big one, you know, the middle, the Newton middle?
Mr. Plank crash, by just a matter of feed he said and he just delighted the...
the aesthetics will be here.
Also my good friend Dick Feinberg, I've been popping a park last night said,
Hey, you know, if you're going to talk about 18 year olds,
they may not be able to drink it but they shouldn't come to the Pompano Park and plunge their guts out.
I said, hey, Dick, I tell them that they can drink any give me a duty look instead of...
No, I can't do that. That wouldn't be a good idea.
But they can share their funs and their brains out and learn about horse racing and all of the good stuff that goes on
like in the featured crap last night where Wally Hennessey's horse, Ambro Rusher broke about 15 times
and there was no inquiry and noticed qualification and it became official luck instantly right after the race and they left them off.
Nice going there, Wally, as if he had one of the races lately already anyway.
The judges were playing poker I guess again last night or maybe in a sound sleep.
Here's a horse that broke like four times during the race, no inquiry, no nod.
And I thought it saw a great sign of nice that we did okay.
I just mentioned that in passing. Dick.
Here's our poll question today.
And the name is, Asnar.
Okay, Asnar.
W.
Prime Minister.
Not President Anzhar.
Oh, man.
You know something here's the definitive Goyeshwakup.
If you look up in the dictionary, Goyeshwakup, his picture is right next to it.
So he and they're still hucking down there on the wall.
They're still banging away.
They'll probably go on till two o'clock today.
It's probably, it's probably Bob Ramoth down there banging on a pipe for four hours just to get even because he's a prick.
He's a Yahoo prick.
Which of these best describes President Bush will give you five choices today because we want to be fair on this show.
We want to give all you Bush lovers a chance.
Which of these best describes El President take?
Be wildered, confident, strong leader, dumb or Alphardine Newman.
What are you talking about?
What's the difference between dumb and Alphardine?
Well, I think Alphardine Newman takes it to a new level, don't you?
What, me worry?
As in, who am I?
Yeah, kind of like that.
What do you say, Yushvo?
It's a 1018 to 516 WQ.
I'm not a good start for El Presidente, I have a survey so far.
This, this, this, we're looking pretty bad.
19 votes for on a poll immediately.
Which of these best describes President G.W. Bush?
Dumb, seven, Alphardine Newman, six.
Be wildered, be wildered five, strong leader, one.
There you go, and confident.
Oh, you're all.
No confidence.
What's strong leader, one?
One out of 19.
Not too good.
I mean, all you've got is this thing to run a button.
His hands are on the, the, the, the, the, the, the environment in the ear that we breathe,
and the water that's, that you drink, things like, little minor things like that.
But they wanted him.
What about him?
This is showing highlights of the phone party that I missed before.
The phone party?
What channel is this?
360, maybe it's coming up.
It's coming.
Squirt, Squirt.
I hope that was just a teaser.
A little teaser.
The phone party?
All right.
360 on your small dish.
And let me tell you again, you better get out to a vision because if you don't have it,
you're going to be like, we're left way in the dust.
The best and investment in the history of my life.
560, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Long.
Got a couple of calls here.
I think we'll play like all requests to Thursday.
All right.
I mean, the plane crash is very unfortunate because you know, people get hurt real bad and die and stuff like that.
But other than that, you know what I'm saying?
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hey, Mr. Rogers, how are you today?
Yes, sir. How are you?
Hey, I got one one request and one question.
Okay.
The request is 100 years of gone by.
Oh, that'll take forever.
Wow, you're looking to kill time.
Exactly. Good job.
That says great choice.
And also, couldn't there be a referendum for the people to vote on the on the age drinking?
And if they voted 18, once the state has to go to 18, who's going to put that on the ballot?
Who's going to let us decide things like that?
Well, couldn't all the like the bars, restaurants, nightclubs, all get a petition together.
Get people never going to have to.
Never going to happen. They'll never let us do it.
Never going to happen.
Okay.
Alrighty. That's all I have.
You got to mind.
Bye. Bye-bye.
I mean, it makes all the sense in the world.
I agree with the elect of people to decide.
We had our survey here yesterday.
The people decided to drink an age out of the 18.
It's assin' on. It's ridiculous.
Crank the driving age of the 18 and make the drinking age 18.
Going to military 18 while all these things, right?
That was wrong with that.
And of course, blow Johns Wildson on the story.
Middle school kids are doing that now.
So that's the whole different deal.
After they're after lower the age of that, evidently.
Huh?
You know, this on New York State, we're about that.
I've actually done a lot of conversations about that.
Not, nothing they can't discuss that.
When Sally comes home from school, they're not going to sit it out saying,
Hey, Sally, are you like an awful lot of, uh, or like to leave the school?
Or like to leave the school?
In fact, maybe they're going to have like a separate class for them.
But all your kids out there in Dave County, we just, you know,
I'll just be on the safe side, okay?
Don't be doing no dangerous crap.
Somebody looks dangerous if it smells bad. Don't get near it.
That's my suggestion to you, okay?
Make sure you take a real good close examination of it before you, uh, get too close.
This thing that a couple people fast me is that they see an end.
They're a website.
I will Chris see an end, sucks anyway.
They're real good like in the case of like a major emergency,
like when you're blowing up the world something like that.
They're right there to show us all the underblood and the guts.
But other than that, then no wonder nobody watches it.
But they have the, in fact, if you check out CNN weather,
that's a classic example of how stupid they are.
And even over in Europe, when I'm over there, I'm CNN International.
Let me show the weather forecast for cities around the world.
They're not even close, and I would intend to grease.
If they say it's going to be raining in 45, the sun is shining at 68.
So they did this thing and I have no idea where,
who compiled this or where it came from.
Maybe somebody would be kind enough to let me know since two people bothered
fencing with this.
America is most 100th drilling flicks.
I mentioned this the other day and they got psycho number one.
The Godfather is way down there at number 11.
Dracula, which ought to be in the top five, that's way down to number 85.
85, Dracula, which actually a lot of people probably would vote for number one.
That was thrilling. That was scary.
That was brilliantly done.
They got psycho and jaws number two.
Yeah, jaws.
That was really thrilling.
In fact, also on the list, they've got, yeah, number 31.
They must be either that, what's his name?
The guy was in close encounters of the Richard Dreyfus.
31, one of the worst pieces of turret, even worse than the music of Destiny Child.
I heard that Mrapid Destiny Child on the worst in this morning.
And I said,
I'm going to listen to Richo now.
Nice going, Arjoa and Doug Heldey.
They were ripping Destiny Child on ass and they can't sing for a Schmidt.
I mean, if you guys like the way he looked fine, okay, you're never going to get near him anyway, but that's great.
But they can't sing for crap.
So Godfather is on his list.
Number 11.
Did Richard Henton call you, by the way?
Yes.
He did?
Yes. And he said, does he talk about it on the air?
What does that mean?
He said, don't say this on the air, but then he gave me a message.
What did he mean by that?
He said, Hi George, this is Richard Henton.
Don't say any of this on the air.
And then he went into a big thing.
Why do I have some kind of a problem now?
No.
Oh.
But at least I got him to call you, didn't I?
Yeah.
Get what I see upset?
No. Oh good.
Don't be upset, Richard.
I'm making you famous, baby.
He loves the attention.
Richard is like an overgrown child.
He walked into his office, he's got all these old jukeboxes.
And he collects old crap.
He's a great guy.
He's just hard to get a hold.
Just hard to grab a hold of him.
Okay, is he invasive and elusive?
He's slippery.
Like most attorneys, he's slippery as an eel.
So anyway, Dracula is number 85.
And I went to there some of the crap that's on his list.
Some of the most ridiculous.
Wizard of Oz is number 43.
Didn't you find that thrilling?
I mean, it was a good movie.
It's a classic.
Is it a thriller?
No.
No.
And these people must have been on drugs.
For all those flying monkeys kind of freaked me out.
Raging Bull number 51.
Was that thrilling?
Raging Bull was like the Rascal House of Motion Pictures.
Rocky 52.
Yeah, Rocky was pretty thrilling, wasn't it?
And Dog Day afternoon 79 was a good movie.
We'll start again, by the way.
But was it thrilling?
It was tough.
But it's the definition of thrilling.
A thriller, you're excited or you can't.
A thriller is like a chilling horror.
Like not as you're seat biting your nails.
That's what I'm trying to say.
That wasn't doing that.
Get out of here.
Didn't know what was going to happen.
Surprising?
I just thought I'd got to see it again.
It was still thrilling.
And his John Boyz still hanging out the T-Rome of JC Pennings.
If he would have quit doing the liberal rock at the T-Rome,
what was his name?
What was his name?
Ratso might have been okay.
Wouldn't that his name?
I don't know.
Ratso?
You don't know?
Dustin Hoffman.
That was his name.
Was Ratso, wasn't it?
I forgot.
And he died on the bus.
No, that was the other guy.
Dustin Hoffman.
I was talking about the same movie.
Oh, I'm thinking of...
You know, I'm thinking of the...
John Boyz wasn't in Dog Day.
If you didn't see him, you should have stopped him right away.
So, what was the name of that movie?
When John Boyz and Dustin Hoffman
would have gotten a bus and they came to the end
and they were coming to Florida
and Dustin Hoffman croaked before they got here.
Did I see that movie?
Of course you saw that.
Everybody saw that.
What about the movie?
Dog Day after Noah's without Pacino.
Right, in Fato.
And Frato.
Who was Chris Seren?
Who was his mark?
Not Donald.
Chris Seren.
I know who that was.
That's screaming queen.
Yeah.
And I know that wasn't a thriller.
That was a thriller.
Addica!
Addica!
I like that.
That was not thriller though.
I'm telling you, over here.
Yeah, that was good.
Maybe it'll be pretty soon the anniversary of her.
And I guess the guy will call him.
Tell the cops there's not two homosexuals in here.
There's something in here.
I don't have a hair.
Yeah.
Now what was the name of the Christopher Randon?
Oh, I forgot.
Those were the stone.
Now Frato was the Indian, right?
Yeah.
And what was the name of Frato?
Is he still alive?
He acted and played Frato?
The Alpecheo character was sunny.
Oh, they're all huge dead.
Listen to these testimonials from people
who said I'm a real pain in the ass.
But nevertheless, so we didn't get him to call.
That was nice.
Also, we got some bad news.
What was the guy's name?
Danny Yonidas.
One of our real loyal listeners passed away.
And we want to send condolences to his friends and family.
And we can't afford to lose any bad guarantee of that.
Can we?
We can't afford to lose nobody.
Also, Brad and Miami's are...
Oh, and the other guy who's being out of control
on the facts machine was a good guy.
But now we got America's greatest movies.
He's going, well, save these.
Okay?
I'll save this for you.
Okay.
For like a slow day.
Well, we won't have any of those.
No, you won't have any of those this summer.
No, we're going to get those out of the way in the next week.
But anyway, Brad and Miami's also a good guy with a chronic fax.
Who says the first and only ex-rated movie ever to win the Oscar was midnight cowboy.
And he's right.
You are...
That's so unique, correct.
Right.
That was a good movie.
I wouldn't say it was like a trulla.
Why did I keep forgetting to see that?
Because you didn't say it?
Because you didn't say it?
Well, that might be it.
Oh, go see Cruzan.
Not.
Sorry.
You did see that?
I didn't know it was about Faggot.
Oh, man.
It was too late.
Oh, geez.
It's too late, alright.
Even Carol King said that.
Very discomforting.
Yeah.
And also very contrived and very grotesque and very stereotypical.
And nasty.
Nasty.
I think people that fit that stereotype.
Carlos?
Oh.
Oh.
I don't think we pick it on.
Again.
10.41.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with.
Although he really doesn't say much just...
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Come on.
Come on.
It's before 11.50 W.
George MacKow, like a band in the other room, grabbing up all kinds of free stuff.
Morton's stay constant over some stuff this morning.
And some certificates too for free meals.
With my name on it.
George's got in this pocket right now.
Have a great time, George.
And Joe and whoever else is going.
The Indians asked the chief in the autumn if the winner was going to be Colt or not.
Not really knowing the answer.
The chief replies that the winner was going to be Colt and that the members and the villains
were going to collect wood and be prepared for a cold winner.
Being in good leader that he went to the next phone booth called the National Weather Service and asked,
is this one going to be cold?
The man in the phone responded, this winner is going to be quite cold indeed.
So the chief went back to speed up his people.
He told them to collect even more wood as to be prepared.
A week later we called the National Weather Service again.
Is it going to be a very cold winner?
Yes, the man replied, it's going to be a very cold winner.
So the chief goes back to his people and orders them to go find every scrap of wood in the forest.
Two weeks later we called the National Weather Service again.
Are you absolutely sure that the winner is going to be very cold?
Absolutely, we made a study of the weather man replies.
The Indians are collecting wood like crazy.
Not bad, I give it about a 1.5 on a Richter scale on the scale of 87.
140 both and by the way like I said save that list of actors and all that in movies for like a slow day.
Hey there's no calls on the board, there's nobody here.
Alright, the people in the data are all gone, thank God.
And the people in board like right at the age of their seat, they're halfway to the airport.
We understand, this is a surprise me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 if there's any interest in the bottom of the one with the other.
I just mentioned this in passing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon or hell is lying.
Hey listen, I know that the minute, the day, I don't blame anybody.
The day that the kids get out of school, anybody with more than 50 cents is long gone.
And more power too, you have a great time.
140 votes on our poor low because they come in from the outer, you know, the outer limits.
Which of these best describes L President, say President Bush?
We gave you five great choices here.
Be wilderness leading into Mozvera, it's pretty tight.
Be wilderness 37, dumb 36, affity Newman 33.
Who am I?
Strong leader 24 and confident 10.
Only 10 say confident, but strong leader 24.
Uh huh, I sure believe that.
I'm buying that.
Here's a call from Papano, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes sir.
I miss you when you go on your trip.
Well easy for you to say.
Well I just came back I, uh, from Italy and France, really wanted to give you a quick review
with that.
And I want to also fill you in a little bit on the bar business and 18 year olds and stuff like that.
Okay.
You're going to find in the bar business that a lot of the clubs nowadays, they don't want to deal with the 18th, 19 and 20 year olds.
It's just not worth the aggravation, it's not worth hiring the extra security and things like that.
So the guy that said earlier, if there's someone you can put it to a referendum or whatever,
there's a few bars that wanted the dance clubs like Atlanta, there's somebody's other places that want to go after the younger crowd.
But for most, it's just not worth it.
They don't go out and bite dinners and stuff like that.
So that's a big reason.
Okay.
Now regarding Italy, I flew to Paris and I took the train down to Toulouse, played rugby for a week in Toulouse and everything was pretty nice down there.
And it took the train to Italy and I went to the Vatican, went to the Sistine Chapel, walked around the city.
Stayed on the V&S as you're now.
You're up to an LAC?
Yeah.
I went to the mountains of Trevvy.
New Sousa, being Italian, I was able to speak the language a little bit, so I got around a bit.
And I took the train back up to Paris and I'm going to say something that even amazes me. It's going to amaze you.
The people in France were actually pretty decent.
I hard to believe, but if you start by saying you're asking them nicely if they speak English or you don't speak French,
I guess the country, the tourism board in France has said to the citizens, you got to be nicer to people because tourism is one of our biggest...
There must have done that in the last couple of years.
Yeah.
And I was there three years ago when you couldn't pay me up to go back to Paris.
People tell me that the rest of France is a lot different, but they said that people in Paris are pretty disgusting, hate Americans.
And based on my experience, I said they're absolutely correct.
Yeah, I heard that before myself.
And I mean, when I went to Toulouse, which is obviously down by Spain, it's totally different area from Paris.
People are a little different, but even when I was in Paris, I was asking directions how to get on the metro and people.
People were nice to me. I was amazed.
I was absolutely amazed. So, going to miss you when you go on vacation and Amsterdam is definitely on my agenda.
I've heard just so many people in Europe talking about, oh yeah, we're going to Amsterdam for a week.
Can you have never been there?
No, oh my God.
Next major trip is going to be back to Australia in 2003.
Okay.
Aint the old mission, man.
Have a nice time, please.
Bye-bye.
So, there's a guy that got around. He went to a few places.
Actually, I like some of the French people.
A couple. I'm sure that there's some nice French people. I just haven't met him yet.
560-560-050560 on EAT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Midnight cowboy.
John Boyd, doing a limbo rock at the T-room at the CAC pennies in Westland.
I guess maybe that was where he was bringing Ranzo, was to Westland.
And that probably wasn't coming in. He just couldn't quite make a damn.
And it's smelly bus.
What does Elnister kill the more attention at bus?
Here's Miami, hello.
Did you mention the movie Closing?
Are you saying that it's all, that's not what happens?
No, it's not what I'm saying. I said it's an unrestered.
All kinds of crap happen.
Most stereotypes are true to it.
I think it's not the same thing.
If I think of more than 50 percent of the people being stereotypes,
I think it leads to the stereotypes.
Well, I would guarantee you that more than 50 percent of gay people
don't aren't involved in whatever was increasing, but have a good time doing it.
See at Westland, sweetheart.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
In fact, we could do a stereotype about the colors.
Couldn't we have the facts?
And it would be true.
I would say just off the top of my head, I was just thinking about this before.
As a matter of fact, so I'm delighted he called about stereotypes.
I would say that 75 percent of the colors are pure unadulterated crap.
Okay.
And not just on this show, don't feel bad.
All shows.
In fact, our calls are great compared to the calls on a sports show.
Oh, God.
There was an old cocker called Hank.
Was it not the one about the heck family in New Jersey?
That was a better call.
Something about the ones that call about horse racing.
Because unfortunately, the only ones of us who care about horse racing
or harness racing are old parts like me.
And the rent, anybody out of the age of 100 doesn't care about that.
And this guy was going, on, I was screaming at the radio,
screaming at the top of my lungs.
Oh, about some race the other day at Belmont,
was here a Bailey and he did a bad ride and Hank's thinking about which race that one.
This call, that was the death knell of talk radio.
The death knell, even joy Reynolds would have been embarrassed by that call.
So please, don't feel, don't take it personal on this show.
But just an all shows in general, 75 percent of the colors are crap.
Which is why we try on this show to go through it like a billion calls every day,
because they might get a few good ones.
And on the facts machine, I would say the opposite.
I would say, no, no.
No, no, it's about 50.
About 50 percent of the stuff that comes in is either informative or it's amusing.
You know, some good, as Joey would say, fresh new comedy.
Or, you know, and of course the other 50 percent are chronic.
Clanks and, oh, it's just beautiful.
People hate me, hate George, both of the above.
But wouldn't miss it for a second.
People are hallucinating who have no lives at all.
And I'll say it for the eight minutes act, because I read the more I say this,
the more I believe it.
If Pymma Tfe would have had a facts machine, that building would be in one piece,
and 169 people would be alive today who are now dead.
Trust me when I tell you.
The facts machine is the greatest outlet for human frustration in psychosis in history.
Next to the telephone.
No, no, even above the oncars, see the telephone, even though it's anonymous, there's a voice.
But the facts machine is totally anonymous.
Oh, there's another story about another epitaphile.
Most things I'm, or trying to get a 15-year-old boy up for sex that they nabbed on the internet.
All you epitaphiles out there, I hate to break the news to you.
But every time you're talking to like a 13 or 14 or 15-year-old boy or girl on the internet, it's a cop.
I thought that's gonna stop my dispensing that and passing all you maniacs out there.
Well, I better stop.
All you pitophiles.
Yeah, well, listen, when I was talking about those young girls given the head in the middle class school yesterday,
George was like, hangin' on the tour clock on the edge of the seat.
What time they get out of class?
And he's really pissed off that since we're in day-county, that school's out now.
Just in time, by the way, I mentioned that in passing.
Well, he wants to read live as you, like when he saw that the, you just good thing you didn't see that.
The phone party?
No, no, not the phone party.
Or the, uh, the English gift date of the news last night.
I'm Miami Beach, where they all were having a great time and walking around like naked.
Just about.
That would have taken me back.
So that's a good cop out for the fact that there's all this oral sex going on in middle school.
All I was about, he's the one that, you know, brought everybody down, sort of speak.
And anybody believe in that now?
Oh, he was just, it was like, uh, our imitating life.
Isn't that how it goes, at the other way around?
He said, don't call me art.
Anyways, the elevator, three, a five, sixty, a w, a, q, a, m.
That does here.
A French Roman Catholic bishop on trial for covering up for a pedophile priest.
Oh, not another pedophile priest.
Oh, my God.
There's a fact in the church.
Admined to a court yesterday that he focused more on helping the vegan cleric than eating the victims of their families.
Pierre Pican.
Be careful of Bayouli Zouk.
That's the other thing about the French.
Their language is disgusting.
I'm just saying, oh, n, n, n, like that.
Oh, okay, I'm off for a schmit.
Spoke on the first day of his trial, I mean Northwestern town of Cayenne.
For a family of turn in a priest later jailed for 18 years for the rape of one boy and sexual abuse of 10 others between 18 and 1989 and 1996.
It can, 66, say, he confronted father Renee Bussey, rhymes with Sissy in January of 1997 after running a water abuse case,
but failed to follow up on the other cases the priest admitted to during their talk.
The failure to investigate what had happened to other victims was a lack of vigilance on our parts of the division,
visibly annoyed about having to discuss sexual acts in court.
Instead of informing the police because, said he sent Bussey on a retreat and then had him seek security after a kill.
He transferred Bussey to a nearby Parisians of September 1990, but the priest was arrested on pedophilia charges a few days later.
What a surprise, what a shock!
The first French bishop to face prosecution for a failure to inform on a pedophile priest, although similar cases have arisen in other countries as victims of sexual abuse by clerics, increasingly blame the Church of Higher Archie.
There you go.
So not only are the pedophile priest here in the convicted mouth, but those who are still by and, you know, kind of assisted by their violence and so on,
and just kind of moved him around so that he can most other kids farther away, there he goes going to the slumber too.
To which we say, all right, long overdue, even though we know...
There's no fact in the Church.
...on the show. We know that.
No, it's just a plot.
Probably that Bob Jones University, they're still in all this crap, but they hit the Catholics.
Here's Carl Springs. Hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir.
Long time, Carl, I was listening to you out of 16. I'm in Gratten County, Kid in Navy Submarine Force.
All right.
And that's why I'm trying to go up to my room right now. I was in West Palm last year, I played.
I heard beautiful signs of scumish in the Creole. I can't believe this time's going crazy. But Neil, I'll tell you a bit.
I shall you, Neil, so I'll ask this for everybody to speak one language.
But I'm glad it's still here. It's been about nine months since I popped you and...
...savagood, Neil.
Okay, pal, good hearing from you.
Adios, I'm sorry.
5.67.05.60, well, in Gratten, Connecticut, they know nobody get a pining up there.
They get a bining?
No.
And they should don't speak no Creole.
I thought Creole was like, you know, like gumbo.
And it's gutterfetch.
Oh, that's even worth the regular French.
How about pectois?
What is pectois?
Same same craft.
Differed?
Like a different dialect?
Like a gutter dialect?
How is the gutter dialect? Is that like a gutter religion?
It's not the word though.
Let's call the weeper.
I don't know. I'll ask him.
5.67.
So when are we getting back to a destiny child speaking of a gutter?
They really suck.
I just want to... I'm just going to say that for the rest of my life.
They just make me nauseous.
I was supposed to tell you they got booge.
Yeah, they were... Yeah, Gildy was telling me that. They booed them roundly.
And for which we say, just like the pedophile priest...
Yes, that's good news, you see?
Just like our poignant today, I think maybe it's just a little bit of hope here for the...
I think we're going to raise at least in this country of ours.
Just a little teeny tiny bit of hope.
With that drinking age of 18 winning by over 50.5% of this audience said 18 out of me the drinking age.
And I don't give a crap what the bar owners...
I understand the point that I was making before is that they wouldn't support that many of them.
And he's probably right.
But the fact is that this business of repress and repress and repress when the hell of the American people are going to grow up.
Maybe when they are allowed to grow up then we won't be electing morons for presidents.
And we won't be having to have all this crime and corruption and rampant bullcrap.
And freedom will ring and all this other wonderful clichés.
Don't you love that clichés?
Freedom will ring, yeah, ring this.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got 192 votes already.
But this is a pretty damn popular poll we got today.
That's right, even if the JC Penney's Westland, you won't find polls more popular than this well.
Probably getting carried away.
Which of these best describes President Bush?
Be Wilder 56, Dumb 52, Afri-Numan, that's what I voted.
41, Strong Leader 27, Confident 17, that's too well.
22.8% of the positive ones there and which leaves like 70, whatever the other is.
78% plus, percent.
Not doing too well, Georgie.
I'm sure they had to minister Ed Azner or whatever's name is over there.
Is there a correct myself?
What is that?
I thought I was saying something wrong and I was like,
Ha-Pah?
Intramacon.
All the time, while we don't solve our drone suppliers,
I thought all of you.
A gutter English and Creole is Haitian, which is gutter French.
gutter English?
Have you heard some of my genuine Jamaicans speaking to each other?
No, man.
Technically, it's English.
Well, you know something.
We could take our mobile microphone.
If we had a moment, we could walk right outside.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
We could walk right in the middle of the road.
Any stuff of that stuff for mental clarity?
Yeah, that might be a maybe some clarity.
By the way, Joe Rose, the guy that caught yesterday was absolutely correct.
Joe is Portugese.
Portugese, which explains what this guy was just talking about.
560.560.560 on EAT&C.
And Verizon Wireless Line getting back to the CNN list.
Which we won't get any calls about this.
But thank you again for the fact that it kills a lot of good time.
The 100 most thrilling flicks in the history of American filmmaking industry.
Film and Louise is number 36.
For something like that.
It's time and somewhere.
Film and Louise.
Right.
Misery, which a guy called about yesterday is not on the list.
And you know what else is not out here?
When a stranger calls.
Charles Durning.
Did you see that?
Yeah, long time ago.
Now that, I mean, that wasn't like a major big box office movie.
But it sure was more thrilling than most of many of the movies on his list.
Have you checked the children?
That's got to be one of the great lines ever.
Have you checked the children?
And he just freaks out.
Dops the phone is, uh, it goes nuts.
Are you babysitting us out there?
No answer the phone, okay?
Because whoever it is is probably in the attic upstairs.
And it's an asthma.
He's an ounce.
Right.
I won't see her no more.
560.560.560.
I love when the scene where Charles Durning is chasing him too.
That, uh, the nut house there.
Where the hell it is?
Is it where we're in there?
Where does that take place?
He's chasing him through somewhere.
And he's running through the kitchen and sliding all the pots in there and on there,
racing away.
Where does that take place?
Well, somebody will know.
When a stranger calls, which Charles Durning, go out and buy the video, okay?
It sure is better than sitting around in the heat here.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi there, God.
Yes sir, speaking.
Hey, do you remember you talking about Donut yesterday?
Yeah.
Well, you know the double donut, right?
A double donut?
A double donut.
Yeah.
When you look at the other's ass, all at the same time.
Uh-huh.
And George Bloes.
Okay, thanks. Thanks for the goodness.
Thanks for the great fresh new comedy.
560.560.560.560.
I didn't even understand what he said.
Something about him.
He's going to stick a donut up his...
Backed out something like that.
Jet, now just relax.
Okay, but you conned out.
Put that thing away.
George just pulled his donut out.
It looked like a donut.
What about your lawyer in the donut?
Sir, you're absolutely right.
Whatever you just said about George.
Just tell me, Apple, okay?
He's a good guy and he'll want to be discussing those things on the air.
He's thought I was a pain in the ass.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Going once.
Going twice.
Oh my god.
Can you believe that?
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, today isn't John Hancock's birthday, but it's actually Flag Day.
It's Flag Day in Boston?
It's Flag Day everywhere, actually.
This is the anniversary when the continental army was introduced to the United States.
I thought Flag Day was the 12th of June.
Nope, but today.
That's what it says on my veterans of American wars.
George, look up on a calendar up there in the wall.
What does it say for the 14th? Does it say Flag Day?
Up there? Yeah, it's Flag Day.
See?
So how come the working day? Shouldn't that be illegal or how late?
I believe it is.
Well, I'll be damned.
Thanks for the bad news.
See, I knew it had to be one of those RT-Farty patriotic days because in Boston,
they were very concerned about those things.
John, Adams, Birthday, John Quincy Adams, Bar Mitzvah,
all of these days, they have to have a holiday.
So if you're a good deal to work in Boston because you work about 10 days a year,
kind of like my schedule, and the rest of the year you're off for holidays.
Every day is a freaking holiday.
So let's go to the power of your house. What do you say?
Isn't that the house?
A little around Washington Street and Way of the World.
Isn't that the power of your house?
Have you ever been there? What the hell am I asking you for?
I don't know why I asked you.
I don't know. Over by five years there.
You know, you start walking toward Quincy Market.
Oh yeah. And a fan you will haul?
You like it there. That's a great city.
You don't have a way to go. You love Boston.
I'll be right back.
I mean, it's no Miami, but you can't have everything.
No bigot of Pony.
Come on.
Here's a movie died. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a little bit old, but President Dumshviet.
Dumshviet, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. How can we not pay our money to make it in cash?
What is that?
The Roth's Crock. What is that one?
The what?
Roth's Crock.
Do you know what he'd be saying?
No.
Roth's Crock?
Watch Crock?
Okay.
I think that single made your time is up there.
Not for this call, but on his planet.
That was good.
So got a English.
I think that's what you said before.
You were a heavier time on it.
Got a English.
I think that was like a shot after Jamaicans.
I don't think you're going to be doing no more business with you.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
How you doing? All right.
Okay. Love the show.
And last week, you had that, I think, the all-time greatest call.
What do you got called in about?
Soccer.
I just wondered if you could possibly replay part of that call.
I called in about soccer.
Remember the guy you said he was like the epitome of what was wrong
with people down here in South Florida in the KFC?
That old guy that was talking about high-brought soccer to South Florida.
That old guy who thought he was talking about the sports shows, I guess.
Oh, man. He was so confused.
He was almost as good as that old guy that called Hank Field.
Yesterday, I guess it was about the horse races.
That was, you put me into a coma, almost drove off the road.
I almost knotted off right there in the middle of 441.
Well, we were cracking up so much.
I don't know. Maybe you could find it in your heart.
I'm guarantee if you listen long enough this summer, you'll hear it.
Oh, you heard it again.
Over and over again.
That was great.
Thank you.
Right after Ilya and in the Pope.
All right.
Let's hear those again. Right now.
Let's get those on.
I can really do a mommy's proletcher. Get that line here.
I've got a lot of business to take here before I get out of here.
Don't I?
No.
That's your sound good, though.
A lot of important things to take care of.
56070560 pound 560 on the AT&T.
What are you going to play?
Sports for you 560.
WPWA MI, heavy port water, health, presents.
The best of you.
I'll get that on you.
I thought we were leaving.
Yeah, you're going to Boston and I'm going to a lunch.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Okay.
Have a good time.
Mobile in Bokeh, hello.
And last but not least, here's another mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, I am.
How you doing?
All right.
I was talking about the holidays, something new England.
Yes.
And I think it's just, you know, excuse to have a bit of drinking time up there.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Wow, it's up there for a tapriot steak.
That's all I thought you were.
Yeah.
Well, that's what marks the American holidays and anyway, just another excuse for a cheap drunk.
Absolutely.
Right.
Well, come on, brother, should you?
Okay, happy times every Sunday and whatever the hell it is.
Happy Madison days.
William Madison.
And Mobile in his cock.
560.7.0560 pound 560.
See, that's a whole, it's like a different world there.
That's why there are a few people from New England down here because this is a different
world entirely.
There are whole attitudes and their whole life and the whole, the history and the culture
and the, uh, the drinking beer by the yard, all of that stuff, you know, the Prince
spaghetti house, which is the Joe and Nemo's and Briggums, the back bay, Commonwealth Avenue,
Beacon Street, all of these things.
There's a place.
Here it's, uh, you know, they got that rock that they dug up over there.
Oh, it's a lot of history there.
That's our history under a rock somewhere.
But this is beautiful.
I've got several factors like this and we have some calls about this too.
Talk about rationalization.
Here's to the Bush twins.
And it says the news media have been all agon at the presidential daughters being busted
for underage drinking.
I mean, all the tongue-tucking about poor judgment and setting a bad example for the nation's
youth, at least something for a certain way, whether the law of the gen and bar were forced
by lit makes any sense and the 21-year-old drinking age, which is true.
We answered that the other day.
But talk about a rationalization.
If it was your kids out there that got busted for the fake ID and underage drinking like
a couple of times within six weeks, nobody would be saying, oh, gee, everybody's doing it.
They'd be kneeling their ass to the wall.
Isn't this interesting?
The people that were going to bring morality and decency back as in bio-being the law.
Oh, no, not only did they break the law, but it's a good thing because everybody is examining
that law and it's not a good idea, which I do agree in any good idea.
But guess what?
They're not, they're not in a position to be breaking it.
How do you like that?
Don't confuse us with the fact that who was your kid put him in jail for 20 years if they got caught
with a joint for 60 years, maybe life.
Oh, did you see a Lionel's mother on TV this morning?
Lionel, Lionel Tate.
Oh, other than more.
Oh, wow.
She's the one that ought to be in prison.
VFHP, brah.
Bitch.
Yep.
Man.
And talk about evasive answers.
Well, how is it that you were sleeping while the girl was screaming?
Well, he was there.
They were going to the bathroom.
They were running up and down the stairs like any mother I was upstairs taking a nap.
And she heard noises.
No, no, but now she's saying, well, didn't you hear a commotion in the girl screaming for
her life?
Well, no, not like that.
First, she says she didn't hear anything and no, not like that.
And like, we can't give a straight answer about her.
And then they bring her structure advisor on her who's like not the lawyer, but now they've got
like an individual spiritual advisor.
And he says, well, we're advising them to continue to pray.
Yeah, they're praying.
And that's where he never had a prayer.
It's very obvious right now.
Now, she didn't hear her like that.
In fact, what's your risk now?
I'm probably like only brief like like that, you know, in just a few times like like that.
And she thought, oh, nothing.
And went back to sleep.
But they're, you see, it's gotten through the attorney and the fact that they screwed it all up.
And her who said, oh, no, we didn't God's hands.
We're not taking, we're not taking the plea.
So instead, he's in jail for life, maybe.
And at least for two years.
And he's a basket case.
He's a goofball.
He's got emotional problems.
He needs a stirb.
Deeply disturbed.
And if you don't believe me, just take a look at Nami's performances morning, you'll understand why.
But we're praying for him.
5607-0560, pound 560 on a 18-T inforizon line.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello.
Mobile in West Palm.
Mobile in Boka, hello.
Oh, yes, sir.
Oh, I got a question. Good morning, Neil.
Yes.
On the trip that you're taking, if you have the answer that I require, a visa for extended stay.
No.
Okay, as the day that you retire, you move back.
You have to have a certain visa or a residence application.
There are no visas required.
I don't live there. I'm not a resident.
I'm just a visitor.
Okay, but in about a couple of years, I understand you might retire and live all over the city.
And I'm still there.
Not all the time.
Oh, okay. So you'll be in and out in and out.
You know, yeah, you know.
In and out.
Okay, just chill.
Up and down in.
Yes, sir. Okay.
Curiosity killed the cat.
5607-0560, prompt 560.
I certainly wouldn't want to give up my U.S. citizenship.
Oh, no, that would be bad.
I'm sure it's I wouldn't want to do that.
7,000 open lines on the board here this morning.
I mean, then they're not doing all requesting because they are one guy.
And thank God they need to require it because I like that.
100 years gone by.
I don't like the thing that much.
It just feels good time.
It's a long as hell.
I get minutes long.
Thank you against there.
Maybe we'll play for a few more times.
5607-0560, prompt 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless launch.
Here's a call from the Redlands, hello.
Great.
A couple things about the 18-year-old drinking thing.
Law thing.
I remember back in the 70s.
We were married, I don't know, seven or eight years and had a young kid.
And I used to have one of the college at night.
And there was a lot of time at the top of the club.
And the drinking age set time, say, 76, 75s around that era.
With 18.
Yeah.
And the biggest complaint that most people my age at that time had about the drinking age being 18,
was you could go into a club and you couldn't relax because there's always kids around.
I was roughly at 28, 30 years old, whatever.
And it was aggravating.
It's like when you go into a cigar bar, it might sit in there and...
There's an emmonen because you're smoke is cigar.
So it got to be tenuous at best.
So there was somebody who's 20 years old as a kid?
No, I'm not saying that.
But I'm saying...
What are you saying?
I'm saying it was uncomfortable for people who wanted to be in a nightclub.
A atmosphere to be subjected to high schoolers, basically.
In 1920, roles aren't high schoolers unless they're pretty damn dumb.
Yeah, white 18-year-olds can be...
By 18-year-olds generally, they're graduated when they're 18.
Yeah, what was it? It was kind of a thing.
All the kids were like, hey, we can go to the clubs now.
These things that we're not talking about high school kids, we're talking college kids.
College kids are 18 to 21.
And they act like college kids.
Well, I'm a college kid's act like.
Some of them act like animals like unspring break.
Some of them act like, you know, 25-year-olds are 30-year-olds.
Depending on the type of things you want to go to, and you get.
And let me tell you this, there's 20 to 25 and 30-year-olds who act like assholes too.
You're right.
I got 30, you're absolutely correct.
Yeah, thanks.
Have a great day.
See, we just don't like kids in this country.
That's basically what we're both down to.
Because this country is so immature anyway, even the adults are immature,
that the kids are like five-year-olds.
That's why we have a drinking problem and a drug problem,
all these other things, and you go to other places and guess what?
They don't have that big problem.
Drick and Agent Canada, like somebody verified yesterday, I was white, it's 19.
Are they running around drunk on young street?
No.
Are they like killing each other in the street?
No.
No big problem, I see.
So it has to do with the people.
That's what it has to do with.
When you continue to repress and repress and treat people like five-year-olds,
they generally behave like five-year-olds.
That's why the gun thing is the way that it is.
Guns inherently, it is of themselves aren't evil or bad.
But the fact is that when you're responsible to you and how people have guns and access to guns,
they start killing each other.
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
Well, here's my friend from Ring and James who has the last couple of years.
By the way, thanks very much for those things.
It's been a fact to me about Chitrix, and how about to buy it this price and sell it that price?
I'm not playing the market, my friend, but thank you so much.
This is a good guy.
It sends us a lot of facts.
It's not interesting.
If I want to do my gambling, I do very low-level gambling at Pompo-no Park.
When a few bucks here, lose a few bucks there.
I'm not doing gambling anymore unless I go to Vegas.
I'm too old and too feeble to start gambling away all my life savings.
So I give it to somebody I can trust like Mitchell.
That's right.
So, lose it for me.
But this guy says long, long term maturity, okay, Chitrix.
Long, long term.
Like in other words, if you live long enough, you might get your money back with it.
Don't hold your breath.
Something like that.
270 votes on that poll so far.
Take a peek at this.
El President says, doing very poorly.
Which of these best describes President Bush?
Dumb 74.
Be wilder, 73.
Alphardy Newman, 65.
A lot of people out there don't even know who Alphardy Newman is.
Any of you still got 65 of those votes, including mine.
Strong leader, 34.
Confidence of life.
Now that you mentioned it, never seen it too long together.
I didn't know he could play the banjo though.
56.
We have one president played the sexist phone.
Now we go into fixed banjo.
He's picking it.
56.
705.
60.
Wouldn't you like that?
They're sitting over there at one of their big conferences in Europe and all of a sudden he pulls out his little banjo instead of playing it on it.
Yeah, kind of like a distraction, you know.
I thought in Texas they'd play the guitar around here.
I can't hear from you.
I can't hear how dumb you is.
You know, kind of like a little distraction.
Alphardy Newman plays the deal of banjo.
56.
He's got the ears for it.
Maybe a kid like Ross Brody to weaken fillings.
Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, me.
I don't understand you wanted to know what part.
Who is?
Partois.
Yes.
Well, partois is the Jamaican version of the broken English.
Whereas Creole is broken French.
We're more of a mistaken for broken English.
Yes.
I'm not mistaken.
Yes.
I was a Jamaican, thick, fine, and speaking partois, which is broken English.
Oh, my God.
How embarrassing.
No, you Jamaican.
Oh, no.
Because it's like a comfort zone for most Jamaicans.
However, we're taught English in schools.
We speak English when the time is appropriate.
Uh-huh.
And um...
Well, when is that?
Like alternate Sundays?
If like I'm speaking to you now.
I see.
But when you're talking about...
But when you're among your own people, you'd be speaking at Lauderdale.
Right.
What's Raos?
Oh, well, that's the current word.
I know.
What does it mean?
Oh, FU.
Like FU?
That's the bad word.
Wow.
Use it in a sentence.
I could tell you a few, too, but I wouldn't say that here.
Oh, don't say that now.
So, but use Raos to the sentence.
Raos you.
That's where we made it.
That's the Jamaican University.
Raos you.
No, Raos.
Raos.
Just Raos.
Oh, Raos Claude.
Raos Claude?
Yes.
That's just the bad word.
Oh, oh, boy.
Raos Claude or Claude?
Claude.
Claude.
That's what the Chigna gets on its neck just before they
unable to the door.
Or is it just afterwards?
But you know, Neil, let me explain.
Why I say it's a comfort zone.
It's just like if we're among...
Like, yes.
...planished people.
They're speaking Spanish.
We don't understand what they're saying.
Right.
If we're speaking a wapato, we know what they're saying.
It is like code.
So, in other words, you don't know anybody else.
You know what you'd be saying that you're saying that they're
a bunch of assholes, right?
Right.
Right.
Exactly.
Okay.
But as a way of expression, we express ourselves better
than speaking fat well.
However, we do do well at English.
You do do.
You do do.
Yes.
When you have the spell in B contest and from recent years,
Jamaican, the Jamaican theme came very well in it.
We read it thought because we were told we had to...
Yeah.
Let's spend it all on the British.
If we're for the British, people will be like a lot more normally.
You know what I'm saying?
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
Don't say Raos now.
George, because she was very nicely.
Don't be saying her Ross.
Ross Klopp.
No.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
We're done.
Hasn't even started with a summer film.
So, yet he said Ross Klopp.
Well, if the FST don't speak Spanish.
You only work on our sales department?
Ross Klopp.
Oh, that's right.
That's probably a draft.
I'm sorry.
Oh, and as nephew you said...
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
I said, you know, we know what a jerky is here at work.
But then I'm like out of the joint here, like at home, around the house.
When you're over there visiting, what's he like?
He's an asshole.
That's what as nephew said, Tundra.
How he does his wine.
Well, well, this is bad.
They're killing us.
Well, well.
Yeah, we know we're hearing all the stories up here.
Even though you're in hiding and believe me, you ought to be in hiding.
Okay, Todd.
Go to snipe.
5607-0560-0.560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Marla's line.
What does that look like?
Dreck.
Here's Tamara, shella.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Neil, what's with these people in Boston here in Ray Book with the Cup?
That is the most ridiculous thing I ever saw.
I didn't know the bronze won the Cup, did you?
I didn't know it either.
I mean, I know they won't arrange a body or something, but that was like a lot of life time ago.
I mean, this guy's been spun around in the last 10 years more than his radio on Hanukkah.
They should have thrown rocks at him.
Yeah.
Do you think the next person that folks about this Jamaican language hot pot,
when I go to the racetrack, I stay with the Jamaicans because they're a show onto themselves.
And they're always yelling blood clot and bumble clot.
What does that mean?
We can't interpret it on the earth, it's a family show.
Yeah, because they're in the air.
Okay.
You risk with the movies is terrible.
Where's the Raven?
The Raven's not even on here.
The Raven is great.
Yeah.
When is it?
It is a vague.
With Vincent Price?
Not a Raven with Belarus and Borbys, two of the greatest actors of all time.
I don't think I ever saw that one.
Oh, I want to tell you something.
Added those type movies from that genre.
The best one ever.
He plays somebody Dr. Volon.
Yeah.
And there's a scene he plays, they've been there all the time.
And he watched them kill people for them.
And there's a great line where he goes,
Dead is a vague.
Okay, yeah, I didn't see that.
Yeah, that is great.
You're right.
Great movie.
Do me a favor.
Could you please play?
Yes.
Underage.
And I'm on my way to the Kaboos to cut one loose.
Okay.
Okay.
Much were you cutting it?
Yeah.
The Frankenstein's number 56 on his list,
most thrilling clicks and Dracula 85.
That's not ridiculous.
I mean, I realized that Frankenstein wasn't more thrilling than raging bullshit.
But come on.
Who are you people, Kenny?
CNN, they're the Atlantic crystal.
Or whatever the hell it is.
560, 560, 560.
Yeah, we can't stand Ray Bork.
We don't like him.
He's old.
He's feeble.
He made a lot of bad plays.
He's just, you know, afraid about him.
Goes back to Boston like he's still playing it.
I was like, oh, yeah, we shipped him off there.
It's a rake of endocaptives.
And now he's gall done.
He's retired.
And the geezers retired too.
Anybody care about that?
No.
Anybody remember him?
No.
A geezer?
No.
Oh, sure.
A lot of hockey fans down here, don't we?
And then there's a little blip in the paper this morning.
The sports section of a page 722D.
Oh, Bill Tories.
Still hard to work.
He's working on it.
Yeah.
I bet he is.
Too much comedy with that young girl.
That's why that bow ties fell off.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I'm from NYC, New York City.
I know you're going to Amsterdam soon.
How the...how the gerbil's up there, Neil?
How's it going?
The gerbil's.
Oh, the gerbil's there in your...
Correct.
What I'm hearing.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
Another Bob Barker guy.
Here's Palm Beach, all.
Hey.
How you doing?
All right.
Just to get off with this thing here, we were talking about the persecution of children.
Did you happen to see the hero today?
I have a face to it.
Did they are not allowed to take any more pictures and graduation?
Why not?
That's what you have to read from...
What do you mean they're not allowed to take their graduation?
They're not allowed to take their graduation.
Based on what?
I don't know.
Date County did it again.
This is the line of the free home of the brave.
Okay.
Where is this?
Maybe it's in the dates of things, I understand.
Yes.
If they did shoot, they are not allowed to take pictures and graduation.
I said, what is going on with this place?
It's on the front page?
Yes.
Well, I have to get the date here because it's not on the front page in browser.
No.
I can't tell what browser, of course, they allowed this.
Date County, I don't know.
What's wrong with those places?
Okay.
I'll dig it up.
Okay.
One date County.
Maybe Joe would go out there and give me a date.
Is there a date here, laying in the table out there?
The front section there.
Nothing I want to give you.
A lot of work to do.
A lot of homework.
Get with it.
We'll tell them about that Saturday show.
5607.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
Yeah, I heard he said Ross under the event for a lot of new.
He just called me and won what he came in just didn't he?
Ross Hall?
A Ross Club.
Oh, Jesus.
I hear that's going around.
Three or four votes on that pool and I don't even want to give it to you.
I don't, I'll save it.
We're getting a ton of votes on that thing.
And the president ain't doing too good.
Our beloved president, he ain't be doing too good.
Because people say it's like straight off.
Not smart, but dumb.
He put the B. Bush in dumb.
Mobile Harbor, I, Mobile Harbor Ball.
Hello?
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Listen, I look into your show a couple of which out of the year when I'm visiting Florida.
Yes sir.
But Neil, I got to tell you, maybe it's a bad week with your audience.
But I don't know how you do it, man.
I don't either.
I do not know how you do it.
That guy who called asking whether you're going to get a visa or not in two or three years.
Uh-huh.
Or people that call and ask, well, who call this, you say it?
Right, exactly.
Neil, sometimes you should just say him, bad and full that in.
Yeah, you're right.
I mean, my God, what's happening?
Stop going on again.
Well, what do you mean it's not any different than it ever has been?
I guess, but maybe it's just that I'm not a hero year-round, but my God.
Well, if I were you, I'd just decide to walk about that.
I'd kiss the ground, I'd kiss the foam.
Just foam it in, buddy.
Okay.
Okay, and then we'll do that tomorrow.
No, we can't do that tomorrow.
We got that food coming in the handquarter that the sloppy drug, I mean the sloppy ghost.
There he is right there.
There's sloppy ghost right there, as a matter of fact.
What's that thing you've taken out of here?
What is that?
That he's a best of Neil editing.
The most stealing our equipment again, the best of the all.
That's where I put those great taste together for the summertime.
He's not really going to be good.
And I hear we got some new ones about alien in the Pope.
I hear they're doing it is what I'm here.
Oh, yeah.
Nothing about both of them, snappy dressers.
5607.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And for having this last guy to call it, I know what you're concerned about, sir.
It's no different now than it ever has been.
That's our motto here in South Florida.
The movie movie, we like that.
And we like it.
We like it.
The movie, what we like being dumb.
We like being in coherent.
We like calling them, saying a lot of stupid things.
All of a sudden, I never made it Vegas before.
I want to be a good place to have a meal.
Which is a good McDonald's out there.
Where's there a good 7-11?
My hotel, so I stayed in Amsterdam.
Call up a goddamn travel agent, okay?
Because there's a listener.
I can't even imagine a little guy that called Hank yesterday about the track
and their race with Jerry Bailey.
Seriously, I mean, they ought to dig that call up.
That call belongs in the annals of broadcast the history in the Smithsonian Institute.
Anything that you want to know that's bad about talk radio, that caller representing,
you had to be 175-year-olds, or easy.
Easy.
You don't like that, right?
That would be like my spend a lot of time talking about the Wallahennese
when in that big trot last night with a horse that broke stride 14 times in a race.
Yeah.
Inway Park.
Because it's, what does it say, Fagda?
Fagda.
Yeah.
And then what the guy said, Fagda.
And so they're having like a big to-do up there.
They're having big celebrations all over Boston.
Over there in Chinatown.
Well, it used to be the combat zone.
Fanny will hall.
Oh, look at that.
Georgia's wearing it.
Fagda hat.
But the American flag on it.
That's beautiful.
That's a lovely thing.
That's definitely you.
567-0, by the way, Pad news.
President Bush's visit to Sweden that they was marked by.
Protesters destroying two police cars and hurling stones in bottles at offices,
laying seeds to a school where activists be stained.
The school was one of several made available to thousands of activists in the southern port city.
For today's summit between Bush, when they dubbed the toxic Texan and European Union leaders
as well as the EU summit on Friday and Saturday.
One group of about 25 protestors buried their buttocks.
Reckon, opposite Bush's hotel to the Thursday afternoon, which of course now is six in the evening.
But police screened off the hotel by erecting plastic sheeding and parking a large tram in front of the building.
And they had to put up a bunch of sheeding in the L president.
They said, that looks like a bunch of sheet to me is what he said.
567-0560, hung up out.
That's beautiful.
Georgia's got an American flag by Bush gone.
Right.
It's my Rothschild.
Oh yeah, that's the definition of Rothschild, what Georgia's got on his head right now.
And that's what it looks like too.
Here's the mobile and TV.
Hello.
Hello, Nia Sir.
How you doing?
All right.
Okay, I'm going to straighten this Rothschild stuff up for everybody out there.
All those shows I keep listening to here and they keep saying that.
I spent four months a year in Jamaica in the 80s smuggling, Georgia.
Yeah, I've years in federal prison.
Oh right.
Here's what it is.
Mm-hmm.
Years ago before co-tax or sanitary napkins, they called sanitary napkins a blood clot.
Okay.
And there's a boomer clot.
Now the boomer clot is 12 in a paper.
But they use the clot.
And the raw clot.
And the raw-ass clot.
Is it what?
Is the raw-ass guy raw?
Yeah, he had to use the clot to take care of your ass.
Yeah.
That's what that is.
With the raw-ass clot, the blight clot, and a boomer clot.
Well, that's what looks like Georgia's going to say right now.
They boomer clot.
I keep hearing people saying this and they don't really know what they're saying, but that's what the words actually are.
They don't know their ass from their boomer clot, right?
That's exactly right.
Okay, thanks for the good news, pal.
Okay.
Okay, don't be delaying.
Yeah, okay.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T and for RISM, I'll respond.
You write down all those different words from writing them.
So I'll run your Jamaican friends this summer, you get those expressions right.
RISM.
Anybody watching this guiding light?
RISM, I'll be on again today.
I guess he's the only defense attorney in town.
He defends everybody.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
Tell them all to stop the blood clot lying.
Yeah.
What are they crying about?
I don't know, ma'am.
What are they crying about?
Blood clots.
Blood clots, yeah.
Oyaklots.
Yeah, it's on the clots, yes.
Yeah, clots, yeah.
Okay, bye-bye, ma'am.
Of course, we'll see more good crack.
Some woodchmit.
That sounds like a good radio name.
What's that?
Boomer clot, which myth.
56670560, 0560, 05805, how much myth?
That sounds like a real good.
I'm not sure I'm in name to me.
And he was full of it.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Hi, Daniel.
Yes.
Hey, there's a buddy from Kendall.
Yeah.
Listen, I got a question for you.
I saw her turn into the land for a couple days ago.
And she was strikingly vendered between her elective
and her two football coach Larry Coker.
Uh-huh.
Are they the same question?
Yes.
Another thing I wanted to tell her, I asked if you were mal.
Any advice?
Don't eat too much.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, good luck.
Take your own rust clots.
Thank you on, uh, blah, blah, blah blah blah blah blah.
Whatever the guy said.
I don't know what he said.
Bumbo, bu-boo, bu-boo clots.
Whatever, don't have a bu-boo.
Yeah, that's what it sounds like to me.
It was to make people like to come out like a woman.
It sounded very educated and very distinguished
with that real British rank.
And then all of a sudden they're talking like baby talk, you know.
I said, bumbumbumb clots, man.
Yeah.
Like my friend would talk like a butt plug private school kid
until he started talking to his mom.
Yeah, this is what the British did to the afford to make hoons
and all those people over there, Weston Beach, mind, that's what they did to them by keeping
their thumb on.
Oh, those bricks, I could do like a long time and we're bringing Ray Hudson to do a show
about the silly bricks.
He could be like to do what do hours and hours about them.
Those constipated bricks, those silly quits.
Here's a mobile and timer, Akkilo.
Yeah, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The graduation photographs.
Anyone out there that has been to a graduation or parents were able to take photographs freely
knows that the parents go up, they try to stop the kids, have imposed on stage with the
principal or in front of the people who were politely seated while trying to watch
the graduation.
And by the time that one parent gets done with what they want to do on stage, the
aliens are out of order with the people that are hitting their diploma and it's much
better than not to have parents out taking photographs.
And again, they're called probably just doesn't want to pay the $10 to the photographer
that can't be attracted to be on stage.
Yeah, he's probably just a cheapskate.
That's right.
What has it?
Probably a Ross plot.
How do you get that?
Thank you very much.
When you say a Ross plot, mine that the cheap guy that made a big son and we can't find
a front of the hero from the day anyway.
When I was making a big son and that, oh, that was our friend from a worthy was that
talks to his teeth like David Brown and Eric Reed.
She had an old she had an old five sixty pound five sixty on the 80's.
And I can't stand that.
That just drives me nuts that affectation.
People will talk like this.
She talked through their teeth.
Man, like Dave Old Bryan, highly overrated by the way, we'll take the booster any day.
Any day of the week, we'll take the booster over him and also that the Dave and Boran
God almighty.
Not only a bad herpes, but thermal, coma inducing.
How can I come to make books in the main man on the radio?
We'll be wrong with that.
They just don't like him.
Is that it?
You know, like guys with orange hair.
Not that fat anymore.
Still got orange hair.
Here's what's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Yeah, I went to a graduation ceremony yesterday.
My son graduated from Southwest.
Congratulations, too.
Oh, I'm so proud.
Yeah, they had his, the thing was that FIU, the basketball arena.
Right.
And it was really great.
And the parents were just crazy as crap.
Aaron Barricain.
The kids were 10 times, showed their manners.
The 10 times more than the parents did.
Right.
And they had to have all kind of security there.
There was a guy a professional taking the picture when the kid went up and shook the hand with the principal.
And then when they came off the stage, they stand on the flag and the sport of the state flag.
They got the picture taken again.
But the parents were acting like fools.
And that's why they're doing this.
Just like a little of the same thing.
Yeah, because it's a big problem.
The principal got to get into the fist fight and balls and act like a bunch of animals.
There was a piece of white trash sitting behind me and she was effing Cuban dust and effing Cuban bat.
And I was so embarrassed that the parents and the kids were excellent.
They were professional.
Everything was fine.
It took a long time because when you have to call out a thousand kids' names, it takes a long time.
Sure.
And they're trying to speed it along because they had another graduation coming in after that.
But that's why, and if the guy had read the article on the paper a little better,
a bar of counties doing the same thing.
In fact, some schools in Bard wouldn't even allow cameras and videotages.
All right.
Good.
I mean, the people that had sent, they sat in their seat, they took the picture from the seat.
That's right.
What's wrong with that?
Why do they have to have like a special...
See, all these people think that they're the only ones on the planet.
Everybody's sitting there with their 400-college zoom lens.
What they got to do is telephoto right in and they're right there.
Just zoom in on it.
Just zoom in on it.
Exactly.
All right.
Okay, thanks a lot.
All right, buddy.
Okay, here's the fact that, okay, here's the real Schmidt.
The word pet-twa.
Are you listening to this?
Are you hacking a trotic on that goddamn backbone again?
This is a very important stuff.
Who is that?
Some of the bumble-clots.
Oh.
Probably that fat earwreck in between the spaghetti sandwiches.
He does eat sandwiches, but like with spaghetti and meatballs on him.
That's what I'm hearing.
Yeah.
Nobody does eat like, takes 20 or 30 cans of beef oroni and strip-boy hardy, whatever else they
got on it like, raffy-ole.
And he heats it up into microwave and then like, he makes sandwiches out of it.
He puts that on bread.
It's kind of like that stuff we're getting tomorrow.
That crap.
I mean, that good stuff that I haven't come in here.
That's Fluffy Joe's.
Oh, and I saw a man with spots this morning on the news and it says right on there for
Fluffy Joe's.
That's what Fluffy Joe's are.
That's some damn thing from South Orange, New Jersey.
Some regional crap.
Anyway, are you going to get off that bad film?
I'll talk about pit-tweigh.
Who is that?
A.L.
Ross Cloth.
Yeah.
That was Eric.
Oh, we got 11 people us down there, Eric.
We'd have probably 15,000 if we had this thing working right.
But don't worry, we don't care.
Don't worry about it.
And don't talk to Al Gorel's thing, okay?
Do not talk to Al Gorel's thing.
Move.
Move.
Hey, Al.
Show me yours.
I'll show you mine.
It's time for the Little League World Series.
And if your kids are little bigger, make sure he has the right.
He's trying to quit now.
He's trying to quit now.
What's that, your pants?
That's drinking.
Ah!
Sure, he has a bad end love.
But when he steps up to the plate and grabs himself, he needs something to drip.
He needs new jock sucks.
Just slip a pair of jock sucks in his undies.
And give your Little League a that major league ball.
If he can chew like a pro and spit like a pro, make sure he can scratch his crotch like a pro.
With you jock sucks.
Okay, that's the funny we play there because that's going to be my full question tomorrow for all the men in our audience who have sons.
Are you embarrassed by the fact that your son has a much larger penis than you do?
Huh?
And especially if your son is like, you know, 6 or 7?
5, 6, 7 years old.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the 18th day.
And for Ryzen and Marlison, just asking and passing.
So anyway, here's the rest of the story.
It says also the, and the bottom they were, please don't mention where this came from.
I'll be in deep doodoo, but there's nowhere on the facts where you would know.
So I guess it's probably just as well.
Because then it would be, wouldn't I be tempted or?
Nah, I never do.
If they say don't say it, I don't say it.
Maybe it came from the Jamaican Embassy.
Oh.
And that's what it says on top of the Jamaican Embassy.
And also it says Ross Quad.
Right there on top.
And what it says, the Jamaicans have three levels of cursing.
Bumbaclott is considered like the mildest like you jerk.
Bumbaclott.
Yeah, like a Todddrak.
Bumbaclott.
A blood clot is really his blood clot.
Claw means cloth.
Somebody clop.
That was nothing.
The guy that was talking about that grotesque stuff.
Blood clot is a bit stronger.
It's something that will screw you.
Blood clot.
Ross clot is the strongest and most likely to get you into a fight like calling somebody mother effort or something like that.
All of these things.
Ross clot.
So various forms of clop.
Yeah.
They're, uh, cursing.
As in loin.
Well, they're not, they're not snappy dresses.
Do you make one?
The case you have noticed?
All the ones I know dress hard.
Yeah, well, they can afford to.
I mean, they're telling those expensive drugs.
567.0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's Lantana.
Hello.
How about the blood clot?
How about the blood coma?
Yeah, when are you leading?
When's your last day?
Soon.
When?
Whatever this is, man.
I want to hear the whole show.
I just want to absorb it.
I beg your pardon?
I want to make sure I hear your whole show.
Well, just keep listening for a couple more days because it's going to be very soon.
Any day now.
Listen, put your ear right to it.
Okay.
And the radio too.
Yesterday, some guy called about the fact that you've worked 20 hours a week and that kind of nonsense.
Right.
You're a last-whole.
I hope, but my only hope is that like when your contract is up and you want to issue the side to come back, I hope you work less weeks than you actually have on.
And get more money because you deserve it.
I do, you're right.
Well, I think that.
In fact, I deserve three times the money though.
Yeah, yeah.
And just for talking to assholes like him, you're right.
I was thinking that when I was driving home.
I mean, I could believe that.
I did just, but if there's nobody in this market that's even close to you.
Right.
So anyway, you need to work less and play harder and have more vacation to them.
Oh, right.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Put your gear on it.
Okay.
Thanks.
He's got a zero on it.
And the radio too.
Yeah.
It's just astonishing to me.
This time, it's got more of those kind of people like that punk that called yesterday.
You okay with that?
And you work 20 hours.
You're making all that money.
And you only work 20 hours a week.
You're making.
Yeah.
You're making too much money.
You sound like a jealous punk to me.
That kind of called yesterday like a jealous punk.
I was just spokesman doing by the way out there in Anaheim.
That's a good place for him.
I'm not going to pop.
Maybe in the pond would be even better.
5607.0560.
Pond 560.
We're just here just warming the radio up for that big hurricane game from Omaha.
And those great steak houses out there.
There have been Omaha.
I mean, even though I see I was skeptical.
I did the Canes games five years on radio, one year on TV.
The year on TV, we didn't go to Omaha.
Because I guess they didn't like Bob Greasy out there or something like that.
Or it's been turned into a brand.
But anyway, five years in a row, we went out there with, I guess I was the lucky charm.
That's why Fraser said maybe there's those drug dealers we had out there for the team.
But anyway, first year we went out there, Omaha.
That's going to be like a real stodgy place.
It's going to be really boring.
First of all, they got Axarb and the racetrack, which is not the most beautiful track in the world.
But they'd say they pump a lot of money through there, all those damn farmers.
They come into their pumpin' it.
And that was okay.
And then of course the steak houses are all brother.
Those were Mr. Seas and Kinniglios.
I'm trying to think about things with all the other joints.
Those were good places.
And the people there, lovely, just beautiful.
Just all smooth hard bodies.
You want me to talk about it?
Smooth hard bodies?
Yeah.
And the men too.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the ATT.
The kind of people like the, you know, you just want to reach out and grab.
Even though you get smashed in the mouth.
You just want to reach out and grab a handful.
You know what I mean?
Grab a mouthful.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
We are dry.
Your bossy boy.
Call me now.
All right.
There you are.
That was it.
We got to Jamaica and go on the day, maybe.
Yeah.
I know that Joseph Lies committee by one o'clock.
He's not gonna smell it, can't you?
Oh brother.
Oh.
Cleo Junior.
I'm calling him now.
Call him like three reads and not.
Uh huh.
It's Clemen Cleo.
I want to like to make cool guys names.
I don't know about Joe.
Joe Mama.
Brian.
Brian.
That's a good Jamaican cool name.
No, that's seriously.
I mean, we know names like offer coolers and the charts is here.
They're like those offer cooler names.
They have lettering and footplug names.
Like Anthony and Thomas.
Oh Anthony.
That's why I forgot to very distinguished.
Very extinguished.
And the women that all talk down there know him to us.
You know, they're very, very condescending and very imperialistic and imperialistic.
Because they because they're British.
And they're British were the most imperialistic bastards of all time, right?
You betcha.
You betcha sweet ass queen.
They're a bunch of blood clots.
Blood clots.
Then Brits.
Rosclon.
Do you ever meet the Queen?
If you ever meet the old Liz.
Just walk right up to her and say, Rosclon.
And she'll do her little curts here.
Whatever is there.
Are we supposed to curts here?
I haven't figured that out yet.
Bitch.
You know, the only one thing of the Queen was like the Queen of Netherlands,
who's just a figurehead queen Beatrix.
She's a fun lady.
She's great.
She got a great sense of humor.
She goes out there and parties with the natives and the...
Yeah, she's at the person.
But that freaking Queen Elizabeth, you know, who I think her stuff don't stink.
And the book that I read, what was the name of that book by Kitty?
You know what I'm talking about about the Royal Family?
Kitty, Kitty, Kitty.
Yeah, very good.
It was Kitty Kelly.
But I read that, I don't know, three or four years ago back in those days.
It was very fashionable.
I guess it could be after die croaked.
She died over there.
An apple was astonishing.
And when Queen Elizabeth was a young girl,
she used to respect visitors to the Royal Palace to curtsy tour,
even though she was just like a little girl and just a punk,
and the George Sid the Goody, Elizabeth, still working.
Because she was going to be the Queen someday.
Well, I'm the Queen right now when people come in here and I don't expect they out of curtsy to me.
All of us, it's Todd Dreck.
Next, you might him.
Next time Todd Dreck comes in here.
You tell him the curtsy be for the Queen, okay?
Or else, or else he's out.
I'll forget the rest of what is nephew said about him off the ear.
It's not fit for, you know, honey.
You tell that PD-Lady story about what?
From this movie.
About the old.
Oh, I forgot about the Jeff Cohen story.
Oh, man.
Not a story, but it's worth mentioning on the ear because George will be making the appearance
of Peace a lot tomorrow night between 6 and 8 p.m.
And just by coincidence, Rick and Sons will be there.
Because they like him so much.
They want to be there to give him oral support for George's appearance.
And the good news is that Peace a lot doesn't spend in one dime to keep cattle for this subparant.
Are they?
No.
No.
And the only deal is they purerly they agreed to provide Peace a fresh number of people and that's it.
But I've been at the Jeff Cohen waste his money on that thing, what do you?
No, of course not.
He called us morning to like beg our forgiveness.
And we said, we'll think about it.
And Ross plot, by the way.
Well, don't forget.
When you go to Peace a lot, not only you get a great meal, they get a free Ross plot.
And an anal fin pencil vibrator.
Yeah.
Or you can imagine the combination you do with those.
I think first you use the vibrator then the Ross plot.
Is that how it works?
Yes, you'll need it.
Or just maybe a wash cloth.
Here's for a lottery, oh hello.
Hey, what's up, you?
Yes, sir.
Now, you're kind of saying it too fast.
You have a squad on blood cloth.
Blood cloth.
Blood cloth month.
Ross cloth.
Ross cloth.
Exactly.
Great, I like it.
I feel like it's a good thing.
You go, bum, bum blood, Ross cloth.
Oh, bum, bum blood, Ross cloth.
I feel so Jamaica, make you now.
You made it like one up, I'm so excited.
And then when it's a George Bush, it's a movie of blood cloth.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Right, excellent.
All right.
Stay high to clear, all month.
But come on.
All right.
I do like that.
You're alive.
I love Jamaica and Zeylough, this show.
Thank God for that, and we'd our supply would dry up.
So, anyway, I'm going to be going over to Europe to get my drugs again for three months.
Yeah, I got another one of those taxes this morning, very amusing, very humorous.
All these people just hyperventilating in the oldies and just imagining all this wild crap.
Took that we haven't heard from the hot gay sex guy in a while yet.
He's probably getting all worked up now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The guy with no life and no penis.
0.5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Ross cloth line.
Mon.
Yeah, he's right, you have to drag a Ross cloth.
Here's a mobile in Western.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hello, E.
All right.
Hi, I'm just me two.
If I move down here 11 years, I think you're terrific.
Yes, I am.
Hi, Fischer.
I just want to let you know, my daughter's right school graduation was last night at the National
Parliament.
Right.
And you were absolutely right.
The acoustics are terrible there.
They're deafening.
They drive in nothing.
It's absolutely ridiculous.
You couldn't understand what this thing said.
Right.
And man, it was just horrendous.
And yes, we were told no photographs or videos during the graduation as well.
And then I thought I just wanted to mention earlier this week, you were talking and you made
a comparison of how these duties were both, though.
And you said characters are how these duties.
And the one character you forgot to mention was the most important one, which was Klaugel.
Oh, my God.
Carabella clown.
How could I forget that?
Right.
That was the one you were.
But anyway, I want to wish you a great summer and I'll look forward to you getting back to the next slide.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Hi, Neil.
And I should mention, on Monday, September 10th, yesterday, I'll be coming back.
I just mentioned that in passing month.
Because these people, what was the finger?
They won't spend a single solitary dime for like a billboard and add to God the end of the
paper for like a, uh, I can't, they don't put people out on street corners like the homeless
boys people handing out leaflets.
You know, returns Monday, September 10th from vacation.
They'll be back or sale.
People could do that.
They're not doing any of that.
Yeah, but how long they do that instead of running around crying?
Oh, things are bad.
They're killing me.
They're coming at Todd's wreck.
What a pussy.
Bunch off.
Okay.
Stop running around crying like Al Martino and the odd father.
Okay.
You idiot.
Rumor has it around the building.
He was in there whining with screw-andes this morning.
Oh, gee.
It's the good time.
Thinks it.
Call up your buddy over there.
Get a agency guy moving your target back on.
What do you think?
Oh, huh?
What's that guys then?
He said don't rip off to him.
26 past noon at 5.60 WQ AM on our Jamaican Thursday.
Yeah, it's a Jamaican holiday.
Man.
It's blood-glob day.
I just got to tip on how to use some of these in a certain way.
Oh, really?
Like if it's really good, what you're smoking?
Yeah.
You say this is some good blood-glob weed.
Yeah, man.
I'm right.
Hey, we're going to be smoking that on the year tomorrow, not over Friday.
You say you'll get the hover out the moon, man.
What does that man be doing to you?
I don't know.
What would be that he'd be no good?
Or nico back to jail?
No, who'd be that other smooth man who takes your money?
I don't know.
But let me tell you something, girl.
You could have given me a drink.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
I'm not going to drink that.
We can't stream it, okay?
And probably thanks to the rumors that were here inside of being true, probably somebody
in engineering here has screwed us around and cut us off from our source that we were
screwed that Eric was streaming on it.
But that's okay because this gives Eric a lot more time to eat and that's the way we're going to go.
He's happy about that.
391 votes.
What do you, uh, what are these, which of these is best described President Bush?
Read that again.
Which of these best describes El Presidente?
He willed it 112.
Dumb 102.
Alfred Inouman 91.
Not, say because of the time, well, they still print magazine.
You know that's still, uh, public.
Yeah.
Even though that guy died.
Don Martin died and also gains with that is named William Gaines.
But he's probably like the dog.
Don Martin by Spire.
Spire, Spire, all that stuff.
He was a different one.
What do you mean?
Don Martin didn't describe it with first spire.
He did the, uh, the people was really big feet.
Oh.
Who did Spire versus Spire?
I forget.
Oh.
But anyway, they still published mad magazine.
But I don't think it's as in as he used to be when some of us were kids growing up on everyone.
It was a must.
And Alfred Inouman was like, he was like right next to how he doing.
In fact, he ever seen it too and together.
I rest my case.
It used to be good.
Yeah.
No, it's weak.
Oh.
That's because all this people died.
Because the publisher William Gaines.
He died.
He's dead.
Anyway, which of these best describes President Bush?
Be loaded 112.
Dumb 102.
Alfred Inouman 91.
Strong leader 53 and confident 33.
Confident 33.
Confident 33.
What?
That's only 8.4%.
And when he had strong leader and confident together, he only had 20 or 2%.
Which means 78% say he's a bozo.
And of course, you know what bozo did?
He retired.
So if you're a bozo, you're supposed to retire.
Ain't that the way it works?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Think about it, Georgie.
Think about it.
No, not you, not that Georgie.
Georgie with the G.
As in G, he's dumb.
And dangerous.
Here's a model in both of them.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing man?
All right.
My wife called me and said you were asking for the hockey set to get involved.
Yeah.
It's me.
All right.
How you doing?
So how's the family?
Have you been hanging out west of Westland?
No, you know, I don't know.
Maybe I gave you the wrong impression like I'm like that gay.
All right, we know that.
We believe you.
Oh, okay.
But like you're so lucky, do you get to go to answer Dan?
And my friends go to answer Dan?
Yeah, and my car's on time, I thought it was because I was adopted.
And all my papers were screwed up and I can't get a damn passport.
Oh, jeez.
So I'm at the well if you know what I mean.
I actually got a luck.
But I don't know.
I am in that chance.
I listen to you today.
So I don't know exactly why you want to get caught.
But is something about being cut or uncut?
No.
Had none of that.
But well, my Jewish wife wanted me to tell you that.
I am uncut.
I am a barbarian because I'm literally wow.
And she loves it.
You were born in Italy?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's not too much circumcision in Italy.
You're right.
You're absolutely right about that.
Because I've got a study of it and it's hard to find one.
I am.
Yeah, I am a byproduct of a heated.
Wow.
So, but I want to tell you I have a good time in answer Dan.
And you're a lucky bastard.
Yes, I am.
And have some half-grade sexual ongoing.
I hope you don't consider me chronic.
No, not at all.
Chicken!
Okay.
Bloodthloid.
All right.
So he said he had a bloodthloid.
Yeah, somebody comes to you and said, now don't splap on the face of somebody like, you know, looks like you're implemented as distresses.
And you say, what's your problem?
They say, bloodthloid.
And they really have a bloodthloid.
But they probably like swear in answer.
Yeah, what if it's a making person really has a bloodthloid?
Then they're, you should make out a lot, right?
They walk into the doctor's office.
What's your problem, man?
Bloodthloid.
Dr. Paul's run blows your brains out.
Because he's picked up.
567-0560, pound 566-0 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
At least the Jamaicaans have a good sense of humor.
I'll say that.
Don't they?
They have a really good sense of humor, man.
Even though they women are very, very nasty and imperialistic and condescending.
Nasty.
The woman I called before, she was nice.
The one that said, the Ross Cloth, the George.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Okay.
I'm a 22-year-old white boy, so I think, and I worked with Jamaican while I was in high school.
So I think I can add something to the cursing in Jamaicans.
Okay.
There are two other words that I was led to believe were on the level or above Ross Cloth in Jamaican.
Which are blood fire and blood seed.
Now, if you say those really quickly, it's just as condescending as insulting as blood clots.
Blood fire?
Yeah, blood seed.
Blood seed.
Blood seed.
There you go.
Okay.
And you're talking about Jamaican names.
The guy I worked with while I was in high school, his name is Cleon, C-L-E-O-N.
Ah, Cleon Cleon.
There you go.
So, I was often mistaken for Cleon, but it's just Cleon.
So, there's definitely ones that make a name I know.
Okay, now.
All right.
Let's take it easy.
Ross Cloth.
Blood fire.
Blood seed.
I said you got to say it fast.
I'll be saying it fast.
Now, who said this wasn't a guy that made educational?
So, I think this is spectacular.
Here's the first day the kids were out of school in the accounting and already to begin with education.
Because they got to be mingle.
If you sing, you got to mingle, especially with Emma Jamaican because they got to good
shmen.
What's wrong with that?
In fact, for the kids of that, Keaton Busy, all summer.
Congressman Hill Cray and the powerful out of the house, where his means committee recently
blurted out that the two Clinton cabinet members had a lesbian affair.
Speaking, I wonder if his wife was involved in that.
Speaking to a meeting of Illinois congressional delegation, which included Democrats, Republicans,
and Speaker Dennis Hasterd, Cray reportedly named names and engaged in a monologue on the
subject before an embarrassed Hasterd convinced Cray to stop.
Cray has a long time conservative and ran for president in 1980.
Last year, he took a lead from the house to drive from alcohol abuse.
The New York nearer, opposed reported that Attorney General Janet Reno and Donna Shalela,
former HRS secretary, will bear the brunt of the rumors, Reno said before leaving office
that she planned on taking a vacation with Shalela.
Reno said the pair planned to drive a pickup truck across America and apparent reference
to the lesbian team movie, Felma and Louise.
As it turned out, Reno never took the trip, but Shalela did move near Reno to Miami.
She moved to Reno or to Miami.
She moved near Reno to Miami, where she took the post to president of Miami University.
How do you like that?
And a Canadian radio station has invited President Bush's twin daughters, fresh from run-ins with Texas law
for underage drinking.
They had North for a weekend of legalized boozing.
And we were wrong today.
Well, let me, we got some information because they don't have a standard drinking agent
Canada.
The drinking agent's province by province.
They allow them to set their own laws, unlike here where the federal government makes you
and offer you can't refuse.
In Alberta, it's 18.
Ontario's 19.
Anyway, Rock Station 100.3 FM the beer in Edmonton has even offered to foot the bar tab
and plant tickets for 19-year-old college students, Jen and Barbara Bush.
The legaling of the drinking agent in Western province, about Berda's 18 in Texas, of course,
it's fainted you know.
We're not fueling up here for its one-boss cover the ticket secret service can pay the
own way to just Jackie Matt and Marlborough said yesterday.
We have a pub crowd route all mapped out.
We have a presidential suite and non-name hotel which is ready to go.
The mini bars will all be on lot said, Marlborough, who instead of the station's invitation
along with afternoon drive time show host Jake Daniels.
Etc. and so on.
The Edmonton radio station has informed the White House of its invitation to the first twins
but is yet to get a response.
They'll probably say.
Blood clot month.
Something like that.
Is what they'll say.
Also what about regular factories, factories, factories, need this stuff about the store.
But don't take the pictures.
And graduation day.
In fact, at high school it says it highly hides graduation ceremony Wednesday at Miami-Dade
School.
Police officers directs a picture taker out of the aisle.
Get out of the aisle you asshole.
There's a lot of other people here with their kids too so get the hell out of the way
and stop holding things up.
Schools restricting family photos of graduation.
Cameras and jostling scenes that has it.
Etc. and so on.
And we say.
Oh, right.
Good.
Good.
Start controlling these out of control parents.
These overzealous lunatics.
And also like when they start with these brawls and fights with little league and stuff like that.
Show the russian jail for like about six years.
Do a favor for everybody.
Let their kids grow up without their undue influence.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
All your little kids out there if you're playing little league.
And your parents start acting like a bunch of real assholes.
Just turn them out in the house.
Bumbleclad.
You're quick.
That'll come him down.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
You all knew it.
Yo.
You had a big gun run up to Nick.
Come on, all of you.
Somebody was looking at.
What else are wrong with the bomb, fuck you?
Yeah.
See you got here.
It's busted, dude.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All the make-uncle talk about you.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
You're the original.
You can't just come eat you.
Just leave it as a fun tour.
Thanks, man.
All right.
Okay, ball of lunch.
Okay.
Five, six, seven.
It's all to make in day here today.
Make one day.
Eat your heart out.
All your sports is out there.
What about the Haitians?
All the business on the baseballs back up.
It's sort of two type last time.
Now they did.
They showed that they had baseballs too type, which is why all these little guys are in
like 75 home runs now.
They've got just on so we're giving something to do again.
It's like, uh, definitely.
We have to have some, you know, busy work, even busy.
Now, what were you saying about a month before?
What did you call him?
What was that word?
Uh, bumble-cloth.
Isn't that what you said about muffler?
I said nothing.
That's exactly what you said.
I said, what about muffler?
How does he feel about this?
He's, oh, he's a bumble-cloth.
Here's howl in there.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, he'll.
Yes, I am.
Yeah, I should.
I almost fell asleep waiting here with the man.
Okay.
Well, I'd like to put to, uh, put it to rest.
Is that, what's it that?
Put it that.
That's the African Americans.
They're penis-sized.
They're so much larger than the white guy.
Really?
You mean I am too?
No, I have two very dear doctors, you're alligers.
And the reason is that they appear to have a longer big dog than we do,
is they have no poop with hair.
Black people have no pubic hair?
No pubic hair.
They have little wringlets.
Wringlets?
And that's, uh, definitely only a determination I could use.
Mm-hmm.
And, uh, number two.
How about pig tails?
Well, no, pig tails be too long.
Okay.
That'd be too long.
Number two.
Pays?
What is the natural, I mean, what is the native tongue of the species?
Oh, the native tongue.
Yes, the name is in English, so.
No, it's Dutch.
Weed and half a word more.
So let me say it again.
Dutch.
The mark is Danish.
Oh, sweet and the Swedish.
Oh, okay.
All right.
The only two countries I know that don't have their own language in Europe are Switzerland and Belgium.
Yeah.
Well, fine.
I know.
I take that back Belgium.
They do speak Flemish in part of the country.
Part of it, they speak French and Parfaits speak Dutch.
But they have a lot of flim from all that cheese and chocolate.
Yeah.
Somebody asked me that and I just couldn't give them an answer.
Well, that's, uh, yeah.
Let me call Neil.
Neil knows it.
That's how it goes there all the time.
Okay, I'll stick with it.
All right.
All right.
Do we?
5607 05 505 60 on the 18th.
Verizon wireless line.
Well, I would say speaking Switzerland.
German?
Italian.
French.
All of these things.
English?
Never been to Switzerland.
They tell me it's beautiful and very boring, very, very boring.
Geneva?
Um, burn.
Uh, what's the other big city in Switzerland?
Come on, George.
What do I say in the eye?
Geneva, Switzerland and what's the other big city?
I see.
Now that I'm embarrassed by this.
This is terrible.
Because I'm like supposed to know something.
I'm supposed to know it.
Switzerland.
Geneva?
The table.
Canandegua?
Elmira?
Jessica?
What the hell?
What's the other guy named big city in Switzerland for quite a lot?
How stupid can I be?
This is really embarrassing.
Well, I don't worry about it.
You're an American.
They don't even know what hell can it is.
So I'm safe.
See, I am.
I mean, okay, forgive me about it.
Oh, speaking of Davie, it was the mother of a line of tape was on this morning on CBS
and an awful morning show.
And it said, I'm the, where they were showing on the screen where they are.
It said Davies Florida.
Davies Florida.
That's CBS, the wicked eye.
Here's Davie.
Hello.
What's up, Davies?
Where's the Davies?
First of all, I wrestled.
I was lucky enough to be in a locker and naked with a lot of black eyes.
Uh-huh.
And, um...
Now, were there any straight guys on the wrestling team?
Uh-huh.
There were a couple of runners.
We were basically half gay while we wrestled both.
I bet.
Um, yeah, anyway.
I remember the team that was definitely on down the knee.
Yeah.
The three pick-up.
Yeah, that guy that called me to the go was absolutely wrong.
Black people, that's why they run so fast.
Yeah.
Pencil.
Uh-huh.
Blacks on blinds, has there ever been that website, obviously?
No, yeah.
I'm 250 on the back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I'm going to be back.
I talked about it.
Yeah, that's absolutely right.
Even though it's supposed to be a big secret last year I passed it in, they had brought
them to cancel it right.
The plan.
That's just what we need here.
Oh, right.
Is that city in Switzerland, people?
No, but that is that is one of them.
Yeah.
No, that's a big city.
There are two big cities.
One of them is Geneva.
The other one is?
Huh?
Two big cities?
Two big cities in Switzerland, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, sir.
Um, smoke on.
Have a good day, my husband.
Okay, go wrestle with it.
He's wrestling with his conscience.
What is the other big city?
What about this wrong with me?
Uh, Christ.
I can start aiming off European cities, not that I know where they are.
Is barred one of them?
No, barred is in Germany.
Say, I don't know from your experience.
Well, name some more cities.
Hello.
I'm done.
Is in Germany.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, here's the German.
The European experts bond.
No, that can be a good thing to be in the European.
Barred is in the US.
That's it.
Those videos I showed you, that's why.
It was announced.
567, I'm very disturbed.
I mean, it's so obvious.
It's just humiliating and degrading.
Somebody will fact that they're telling me.
And I'll say, oh, Jesus, what those wrong with you.
But I'm aside on the mind because I never, I've never been there.
And basically I'm what I'm.
It's you, Rick.
Thank you.
See what I mean?
How embarrassing that is?
Zurik.
By the way, I think Jamaican accent on the first day of the call.
It's all this time.
Go, there you go.
Did you make it into the 11th of today, my man?
Yeah.
Blood five.
Blood seed, material mind.
Right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Zurik.
J.M.
I am more on the one.
Yeah.
I am.
I admit it.
Here's color rage, hello.
Welcome, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
I want to, I'm calling you to wish you a good time, safe trade.
Thank you.
For two or two and a half months.
Thank you.
If it's possible, I'd like to make a request.
Yes, sir.
I thought we'd quite thrilled.
They were not getting anybody's solid request.
Today's my good friend, Bill Kenders birthday in 65th.
And I will let you request a, thank you.
I will let the request to son of her.
Okay.
This guy is a big Todd Smoker.
So this one will be, don't put out that during my friend.
Is that an Amazon?
Yes.
Don't bogart.
Oh, don't bogart.
You don't make it like that.
It goes up there like this, right?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
What I'll do is five, six, six, six, six, six, six.
So Carlos is a bitch today, huh?
I'll watch you today, be there, ain't different from many other day.
She's acting really bitchy today, old Carlos, our receptionist.
I just made me get a rough morning on Paula's 96.
I didn't even get a question of it.
Did someone leave a bitch?
What made a bitch, okay?
You go get a haircut.
I wouldn't pee on the best part of that.
So anyway, here's some good stuff we got from Phil and busted on clothing.
Some t-shirts.
Squared, squirt.
It says since I'm always hearing the phrase bust and out on your program.
Oh, by the way, Miguel, go tell Carlos she's a bitch.
Anyway, since I'm always hearing the phrase bust and out on your program,
I thought it would be appropriate to send you a couple of shirts for yourself and George.
I'm the owner of this shirt company, which has been around for a few months.
Now if you like the shirts and you think they can help out your charity in some way,
give me a ring otherwise I hope they fit.
Phil Picard, bust without clothing.
Thanks.
I'm sure someone who enjoys baby blue will enjoy this shirt.
Oh, let's give it to Carlos, okay?
Let's stick it out of his record.
Just in his, you know, nice stuff.
These are great.
Thanks a lot Phil.
Well, bust on that clothing, which is almost like bomba cloth.
And it's got a big coconut on the front.
And of course the coconut is like split open and there's like a coconut milk.
Squirt, squirt.
Squirt, squirt.
I'm dripping out.
When it's out, it's dripping out.
There you go Miguel.
Bust and out.
My wife will love it.
Well, she.
So keep track of this.
Don't leave that thing there and leave this later.
Okay.
Oh, you got your card.
I got you.
Yeah, we can do this when we do the big thing in the fall.
If I decide to come back.
560, 7.0560, £560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Thanks again, Phil.
This is perfect.
I'm going to wear this like all over the place.
Wouldn't this be great in Amsterdam?
Or you could use it as a rust cloth.
Yeah.
Or a bomba cloth.
Given the doubt, he could be his bomba cloth.
I guarantee I'll be the only one with a bust on that t-shirt in Amsterdam.
Yeah, I'll be going to wear it over there.
I'm going to wear it on the plane.
Here's a mobile and delivery B.
Hello.
That's the nut.
Yes, speaking.
You need a rock danger.
What is it?
A long eel?
Yes, speaking, sir.
Speaking wish.
Well, I used to have a Jamaican working for me a few years back.
Yeah.
And he had a great name.
His name was Bunny.
Bramwell.
Bunny.
Bunny is in Bunny Rabbit.
Uh-huh.
And he used to tell me all sorts of different words.
And, uh, blood feed was one of them.
But the other one was rectum.
And it means the same thing.
Rectum, huh?
I guess so.
Rectum.
How?
It's in there.
Kill them.
Yeah.
What?
Yeah.
Anyhow, um, hey, is it true that the bird died?
The bird died, yeah.
He died.
Yep, that's sad.
And it was quite a while ago.
Many months ago.
He died, huh?
Yeah.
I was away.
He's dead.
He's still dead.
He's dead.
How about Dave Caprita?
Now, he's still alive.
He's still, uh, hanging around.
Yeah.
Well, I was one of your chronic facts before, uh, Glen Hill was called the bird.
Right.
And Dave Caprita was Japanese.
Mm-hmm.
And I just wanted to check out a puppy about 10 years.
Oh, uh.
Hey, I'll see you about 10 more years.
Okay, man.
I've been kind of on Amsterdam.
Bumble Clark.
Bye-bye.
I'll still believe.
5607-0560, 0.560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line got a lot of votes on everything.
What's that?
Come on, good stuff.
Yeah, let's get a whole bunch of good stuff in here before I go away.
Because this is a great thing to plan.
One thing that's going to be classy, if I'm going to sign a plan,
at least I'll stay the hell away from you.
I guarantee you that.
449 votes are insoried by a little after one o'clock.
This is shocking.
This is amazing.
Too bad all those people can't listen to us on our website.
Don't get nervous, Eric.
Just keep eating.
With both hands.
Which of these best describes L. President?
They President Bush we asked today.
Because he's on this worldwide tour now, which is even bigger than Michael Jackson's worldwide tour.
And we wanted to find out what you'll be thinking.
Be Wildard is leading the group so far.
Which have to be, you know, that's not too bad.
Be Wildard.
Like, 132 that Deer and Headlights look that he always gives us.
Dumb, 116.
In other words, he put the B in dumb as in Bush.
Alphardy knew him in 105.
She assumed he started knocking Bush Miguel when racing out to the door.
Pitthaw.
He loves Bush.
Dumb, 116.
Alphardy knew him in 105.
Strong leader, 59.
Capital, late 37.
Early 38.
And he also did that sound that was still from Rick and Suds.
That sound sounds like, well, I think of when I think of L. President.
Let's see what that'd be.
Wildard Deer and Headlights look at his foot.
Yeah.
That sounds just like him.
When we think of Greg Reed, we think more along the lines of...
Yeah!
Like that.
But when we think of L. President, we think...
Of that one.
And by the way, when you see Rick and Suds that you're appearance tomorrow night, thank him very much for that.
Okay.
Be sure to thank him for that.
I'm sure Rick will be delighted to see you tomorrow night.
In fact, I guarantee it will probably get some people out there now.
George is going to be there at the pizza lot, 5th APM tomorrow night.
Now, let's remember that we're hearing about Rick and Suds that give him away.
A lot of free food to everybody that shows up.
Is that the rumor that we're starting?
Huh?
I mean, I don't want to screw up that whole thing there.
What did Ponytail tell us?
Feed food for the first 50,000 people or something like that, and I didn't say that.
Something about food for 100 people, pizzas for 100 people.
Honestly, the cheap channel people have to try to feed because they get paid so little over there at the cheap channel.
Oh, yeah.
All the people are like one step away from welfare.
One good thing for the cheap channel people is that they're right down the road to the lunch just like us from the homeless voice crowd.
Right up on the street corner there, and County Line Road in the 441.
Always...
Well, Saturday night around the way they all talk.
I'll tell you where I'm gonna go.
Sprozing in my 80s, heavy low rider truck.
Who joins the other hoolios.
I have pages in the back where I carry my cock.
You can hear a cock of duty.
And if my kill was no kill them all depends on it, I win or lose.
Saturday night at the cock fight, no pairs of green gold may be.
When you're so blind with red and light, instead of our barricades, the way it you be.
Well, there's Jorge and Orlando and Julio, whose cock's love pretty good.
In the arena you can see the peccarino rolls, growing stiff as a block of wool.
We use cock fighting as an alibi to cover what we do inside.
And if my kill was no kill them all depends on it, I win or lose.
Saturday night at the cock fight, no pairs of green gold may be.
When you're so blind with red and light, instead of our barricades, the way it you be.
Well, there's a night at the cock fight, no pairs of green gold may be.
When you're so blind with red and light, instead of our barricades, the way it you be.
Well, there's a night at the cock fight, no pairs of green gold may be.
The rats norin!
Well, I have to tell you, years ago, we had a cow that was as soon as you went in the entrance.
This is the reason I hate beef.
Yes, it is when you enter.
It's the door to go in the entrance.
She straightened her tail and coughed and got it all over you.
Yes.
And he was eating beef.
Oh, man.
Are you serious?
She waited to which one came in the milk, the one she hated the most, and she left blind.
That's a smart cow.
I knew it.
I knew it.
I haven't listened to that in a coincidence.
I had a dump in.
That was cute, though.
Bumbleclad is what she said.
Something like that we had a dump in.
114 is 560 WK.
You do a M.
That's excellent.
You got a bunch of factions here, one that I can't read at all but thanks very much.
Something about Bush being a moron.
Here's what it says.
I've been listening to you since I was a fetus, I'm 38.
I'm too embarrassed to call you because I don't have much to say.
Well, join the club, sir.
Man, whoever you are, oh, it's a guy.
For the small penis.
It says, I didn't have the honor of delivering the something on guy soup to you a couple of times.
I met you at peace a lot for when they were in Dave Cali.
I met you at Jamaica.
They have a drink called Irish Moss.
It puts lead in the pencil.
Makes you feel, I remind.
Okay?
Your internet audio keeps giving you interrupted by the National Mother Service broadcast.
Don't tell George.
I just want to say, have a nice trip.
I'll miss you.
You're truly AG, PSI, and the small penis.
Join the club, like I said.
AG.
And here's the whole thing, the whole package.
There's nothing like it in the good package.
From Billy Frederick, who is the penis, can I say penis on the...
No.
...plays the piano at the Shulest Steakhouse over on which one?
On the beach in Fort Lauderdale.
And as an inviting us to other free dinner, George.
Which I'm sure you're over to sound.
I didn't even know they had a Shulest on the beach in Fort Lauderdale.
Honey like that.
See if we were like really taking care of well, which we're not.
We're abused.
We have to like fend for ourselves.
If we were taking care of, we'd be invited to Shulest all the time for freebies, wouldn't we?
Since it's... we... Hank has always been the show over there, and it's one of our fine...
But the rest of the people are probably using up all the script and the trade on all the time.
Have we ever been invited there?
Shulest?
Never.
No. I went with the next people to me.
Might from next to...
No, I'm talking about like from inside here.
No.
No.
And what about are we chop liver, something like that?
The brainstem loves me.
It was great by the way.
Because he doesn't understand what that means, the brainstem.
He didn't get it.
Yeah.
But anyway, here's this long thing.
And here's a picture of cannabis cafe in Amsterdam.
And there's a big sign on in front of the cannabis cafe.
Well, there's the Amstil beer sign.
And there's the sign where the time is supposed to be, but the sign...
The time always says 420.
How do you like that?
No, I bet you this wasn't empty when it came here.
It was.
No, it was not.
It was.
It says the cannabis cafe had 420 on the sign out for...
Oh, he was the one to call from Queens Day in April.
The FZ on the business card is Frank Zappa.
Good beer, great bread and Zappa.
And the plastic tubes are how these place package his joints.
And here he has a tax dees tape in empty.
Or at least it's empty by the time it gets to me.
And empty little plastic tube on me, a first page of this thing.
If the envelope was sealed, it hadn't been tampered with.
And if there had been anything in it...
Oh, yeah, I believe it.
It would be hanging from my lips right now.
Bomba cloth?
It says I'm a singer and penis at shulas on the beach in Fort Lauderdale.
You guys are unattended from me all this daily.
I invite George and Aguesta, Neil, Aguesta, and then Rachel.
This is my guest.
I perform several of them in the M&B not except Tuesday Wednesday.
Well, how can a guy that's steak penis?
Oh, he's gonna pick up the tab.
We could do that, could we?
Or maybe we'll give it a freebie.
Maybe we have to, you know, get the panel player.
He'll give us a freebie at shulas.
That's pretty embarrassing for this place.
Nope, someone embarrassing I wouldn't take it.
Oh, I mean, you're.
Because I hear the stakes pretty damn good.
No roots crisp, but pretty good.
As police call me, he's got a phone number,
I said I've been so on, and he says,
X Catholic, Billy Frederick,
and here's the menu, even puts the menu on there.
From shulas.
Well, I'll put this all together for you,
including even the picture.
That tube will come at handy, by the way.
And here's a cute bumper stick that includes an ear that says,
Born Okay the first time.
As opposed to Born Again, Born Okay the first time.
I like that.
As opposed to these Born Again assholes.
Born Again.
Oh yeah, right.
Spring locked idiots.
The cannabis cafe, look at that.
Boy, that makes me feel like I'm almost right at home there.
Look at that picture.
Did you look at this?
Yes.
Popstore music.
You know that?
I'm looking at the streets.
Woodabroog steig.
Woodabroog steig.
I don't know most of the streets,
because they all have names that are impossible.
But I'm looking at the surroundings there,
and there's the popstore music, which I think is our new and dark,
I do believe.
I think that's where that is.
So anyway, thank you very much, Billy, and we'll take you up on your offer,
and we'll sit around and do something.
Shoot the tube.
567-0560-050560 on the AT&T, and for IZNOT.
It says New York, and here's a YMIDO, do we?
It's all.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
That's the new, how are you?
Okay.
I don't want to change the subject, but...
Well, it sounds like you might.
No, after listening to our two on the net for a while,
I surmise you a horse-frecking fact.
Harness horses?
Yeah, and perhaps you've reached dollar two.
Yeah, on time.
Uh-huh.
At one time, when I brought good college...
Uh-huh.
I don't think about it as I realize that nobody else down here,
so we don't discuss it on the earth, sir,
because it would put everybody to a coma.
But call out, Hank, and maybe he can help you up with that guy,
the old guy that called him yesterday.
The real boring old guy.
The guy that was on with the 75 years old,
the kept the hawk, and I tried to talk about Jerry Bader,
gave him a bad ride.
There's nothing worse than some old part that comes on here,
bitching because, uh, you know,
somebody across the money, you know, he didn't casually take it off the track.
Who cares, okay?
That would be like somebody coming on here in bitching in Beliacan,
that Armour Russia broke 85 times during a race with the only Hennessey last night,
especially shortly after the start when he wrick,
when he gannoped over the rail to get to leave,
and then judges never put up the inquiry, and they made it official,
which he should have gotten taken down,
and also paced through a part of the stretch.
But there were two of these sleeping.
I mean, does anybody care about that?
So, put the talking about boring stuff, okay?
And all you producers that put those old racetrack foes on with Hank,
those guys should be shot.
They really should.
I think Hank's got a real legitimate to beef about having, uh,
what's his name?
Eisenberg taking off his name.
Mark Eisenberg taking away,
just trying to coo stuff that morning shot.
Just trying to be the skate coach for those morning guys.
They Portuguese guy and the adieu.
I think he's got a good point about that.
All of Mark used to do the same thing.
They always put those old fossils on there.
Those old parts talking racetrack talk.
You man, professionally right,
but you remember the little guy with a mustache,
the little judge with a mustache?
Yeah, people are really interested in hearing that, aren't they?
You're right.
No, they're not.
Red clot, man.
That's what I have to say about that.
Those kind of calls.
Bloodfire.
Yeah, call up Dick Fein's,
that Dick, uh, whatever name is Feinberg over the pomp and apart,
you should have given this number.
Dick Feinberg,
it doesn't even know who Tommy Wim is.
That's I'm pretty embarrassed about that.
That is really.
In fact, the name of the horse time he went out,
I think I gave the wrong name.
It was True Valley, I believe, or Our Valley.
Something like that.
Deep in the valley.
Tommy Wim was like 175 years old and full.
A lot of the time.
Like his bruise.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Neil, put me down for our pretty Newman.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, I don't have a electricity.
My next neighbour in the distance with them had some tree trimmers cut down the line
and cut down a branch and knocked down the power line.
Oh my God.
So what can I say?
I'd roll the window right down right now and yell across the hot spot.
Right out the window.
Uh, the reason I wanted to call is,
I want to ask you, I think about going to Toronto this summer.
Yeah.
How is it up there in August?
Hot.
Hot down.
What do you mean, how is it?
Well, I'm one of the know-able.
It's cooler up there.
No.
No, it's hot as hell.
How does it happen?
What does that have to do with what you want to be in August?
Well, no, I'm looking to get out and keep down here.
I know.
I forget about that.
Yeah, I just go to Cape Cod.
Cape Cod?
I think it's going there for Maine.
But.
Go to Maine.
Yeah.
That's what I guess I'll head to.
That's why I just wanted to ask you.
Man, that river of McDonald's are too embangered.
Oh.
Yeah, right.
Get some lobster for you.
Stop at the Arne Ginsver place at the, um, in August, mass.
Adventure car hop.
Okay.
It's not there anymore, but it would be, it would be beautiful work.
Have a great time, Pat.
All right, thank you.
Okay.
Don't go to Toronto in August unless you want to.
And of course, most of the people are away anyway.
They're up there in college country, eh?
You know what college country is?
No.
Oh.
560, got an 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Delray Beach.
Yeah, new.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
All right.
Hey, it's a massive VR too.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm glad.
Are you still living in the Bahamas and are you still calling your life?
Yeah.
I know I live in the Delray.
And now you're in Delray when you're moving up, baby.
Yeah, living with all the old people out here.
No, that's okay.
At least they're not in the Bahamas.
They're not those great, vibrant, and Bohemians.
No, but I've never been here, and I was on Trinidad, the American.
Oh, you're from Trinidad.
Trinidad?
That's when we love our Trinidad games.
Yeah, new.
Yeah, it's not.
I want to go to a hockey game.
I want to go to the best thing to do when I'm going to a hockey game next.
Next, next.
What's the best thing to do?
Yeah.
Probably get you in the car, get you some tickets, and show up there at the arena, walk into front door, sit your ass down on the seat, and get about 20 or 30 beers.
Never good time.
Never good time.
That's probably the best way to do it.
That's the way I attack the hockey game.
I do not drink.
Well, like I said, get you some dyed coke in the head of the time, and one of those big pretzels that you want.
All right, Neil.
Okay, I'll see you there, man.
I'll see you there, man.
I'll see you there, again.
Okay, bye-bye.
Bring you a puck.
Why do I keep looking at this tube?
There's nothing in it.
George and Cicely don't get out of here.
I always retaped to the front page, but...
560.560, $560 on the AT&T.
That's okay, I got my own.
I got these in the hood.
The way you do it is you thank everybody out.
You put them in here, and you put the cigar labels on, and I think they're really little cigars.
Are they little cigars?
No.
They're just a few little numbers from the hood.
That's what they are.
I'll get them right up here right next to Chuck's.
What are you laughing about?
Right next to the barbershop that you missx said you make when barbershop or whatever that says then?
Yeah.
In that joint.
560.7.0.560, $560 on the AT&T.
If I had some balls I'd light it up here too, you know what?
With this non-sculcan crap in here.
I'm getting really militant about this.
Not that I like smoking cigarettes, which I don't smoke in those faggots.
I deal with my own faggots, but it's just...
I'm tired of that crap.
That intolerant garbage in addition to which there's such fungus in crap in here and here.
I got it again a little bit today from sitting in this room.
I came in here this morning feeling a zid in times better.
I tend to know this is getting a little bit better.
I'm yanking those whites.
I'm yanking it all I can and the awaits too.
And I'm feeling pretty good.
And then after a couple hours all of a sudden you get this scratchy join you realize it's this place again.
It's disgusting.
Unfit the breathing, live in the joint.
It's disgusting.
Nice going there Greg.
You should know how to put a good dump together baby.
But we'll still take the money.
Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello.
Yeah.
Yes.
I love you.
Let me ask you a couple questions.
Yeah, come down there.
Four people start to talk.
Yes.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
You know, from a ham sandwich and they were showing to the door right?
Okay, and then I'm going to Montreal with my family.
I told everybody to go up there on the left hand lane.
Would our right direction on going 25 miles and hours.
Okay good job.
Little data.
Okay.
What, where are there good places.
I didn't want to ask you this but I've never been up to Canada.
But I've got couple kids on it.
I just want to find out.
I just...
I don't know if I am going to work there.
I've never been in Montreal. I have no idea.
Just go to St. Catherine Street and look for the big gildos in the windows. That's what that one guy told me.
I don't know. I've never been to Montreal. Too many frogs there.
Okay. Have a good time.
Have a good summer and we'll see you in the fall.
Thanks very much.
Boy boy.
Wow. What was that?
Huh?
He said something about Bumble Club.
Check out Bumble Club Street.
This right next to the Kitty Quarter St. Catherine Street in Montreal.
I don't know. I don't know. Nothing about Montreal.
They're moving out of there and droves.
They're moving out of there.
Anybody who speaks speak of English.
They're moving out there by the thousand.
They're moving out of there by the thousand.
A.L.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Go play all the hard work.
Go play all the hard work.
Go play every two times I see.
Go play every four times I see.
Every five I see.
Go play every four times I see.
Go play every four times I see.
Here's President S**t.
Recall the kids muscle and the kids.
They're in our clinic.
They're in here.
I don't know why.
They were watching the night.
They were listening to the call for you.
Look, President S**t.
They're in here.
All the life is lost.
You know what's wrong with you.
And it gets to you.
We are falling for you.
Did you want this?
From the thought that it's running to the surface.
From the thought that it's running to the surface.
From the thought that it's running to the surface.
I see.
Here's President S**t.
Recall the kids muscle and the kids.
Recall the kids muscle and the kids.
Recall the kids muscle and the kids.
Recall the kids muscle and the kids.
Recall the kids muscle and the kids.
Recall the kids muscle and the kids.
We got the best of the Scrab's President Bush.
486 votes are already.
133.
And after we got 486 votes, that is shocking.
In fact, shocking?
139 say D. Wildard.
127 say D.
116 Alphardine Newman.
Strong leader 64.
Confident 43.
That's the way he shapes off.
Not to good so far.
Maybe we'll make a comeback.
What do you think?
No.
So here's a fact deal.
Oh, before I get to this.
We have in the mail and this is unbelievable.
Even Cleo Mond would probably bust a bumbaclod if she realized how psychic I am.
I mean, this show just amazes me the things that happen and it can't be a coincidence.
Can be a coincidence?
No.
I don't think so.
God calls me about Montreal that the goofy guy that called it you calls back.
And I've never been here.
I mean, what the hell am I going to tell him about Montreal?
Although I have heard of St. Catherine treat as the main drag and whatever.
I have a who knows?
So opening the mail here and here's an envelope and here is a little thing.
A little tiny CD run.
Tourist made Montreal.
Jean-François Périer.
Your gay and lesbian vacations.
Anyway, I think that last guy even though he said he had a couple of kids.
Maybe a kidnap them because he sounded a little fruity to me.
But anyway, so here's the whole thing about Montreal.
And here's pictures of St. Catherine street and all these different joints.
Mail and mail and...
Old Vera, sometimes I don't know.
It's all in frog.
And restaurants and food lovers paradise at 1429 Amur Street.
I don't know how much you crap about it more than we all.
So there you go, sir.
Good luck to you.
And don't ever call me about that crap again.
Never been there.
What am I going to tell him about?
Hey, how about Thomas and Zurich Switzerland now?
Is there a good place we can stay there?
So here's the fact that says...
I would like to request I spoke to you joints for all my post-moving rust plots.
Also the guy that called earlier and said,
Ya ya body boy, call me now.
That was classic man.
Even if he had you squeezing it.
I can't make this.
I can't make this.
I didn't go here.
This guy is so psychotic.
You got to make that a drop for the show.
We're going to make that a drop for the show.
He says you got to make that only remember what it was.
Yeah, I want to tell ya ya body boy.
You were doing something.
Did you always get a little more out of the door when he was...
When he was saying that.
Actually what you were doing,
you were taking the tube out of the handle of the pectrine.
You were moving out of the context.
He took me out the tube back to the front page.
Don't fit yourself, okay?
Blood fire.
Blood tea.
Bumbleflug.
That's our TV ever got.
Bumbleflug.
We are still playing a曾 at 4KMS.
Why don't we call some time this?
We supposed to judge,
during the morning I was right.
I acted rock,
toe, gold and he was speaking out a voice.
I spoke to him all night
my back got monte
and knew we're spending time on mother.
I told you pomo boys
I forgot to judge you all night I looked
Oh my God, it was so mean, and you'll be hard-working man.
And mama, she was so mean, so you'll be best you can.
I'm the same, I'm the same, I'm the same, I'm the same.
You heard hard, well good, and hard, well fine.
The first take care of hell.
So now I'm supposed to join this, let it get up.
Are you sure?
In the car I'm supposed to join.
I'm supposed to join, but I'll be be okay.
And then everything's out of the void.
I'm supposed to join.
I'm supposed to join.
And then I'm supposed to join.
I'm supposed to join, but I'm supposed to join.
And then I'm supposed to join.
I'm a dead man, he was so sweet, so sweet, hard-working man
My mama, he was so sweet, so sweet, so sweet, so sweet, so sweet
Everyone else, I'm a dead man, so sweet, so sweet, so sweet, so sweet
I want to live in a hot spot, just take care of him
That's why I spoke to you this morning
Yeah, I spoke to you this evening
I spoke to you this evening, I spoke to you this morning
Make me feel alright
I spoke to you this evening, you have a dream
I do it time and home
I spoke to you this evening, I spoke to you this morning
I'm dead, I spoke to you this evening, I spoke to you this evening
I went until 2.05, 15 WQM, no hang today,
hangs out with the track waiting for his horse to run, plunge his guts out
And he's out there because he's got the day off, we got her a room baseball for a more Omaha
Most people don't have a cause about Omaha, there's great steak houses, and the, uh, what a great time
It is, eh, it's okay, for a Midwestern, you know, who plays like that
I don't tell me we're out of paper, the facts, you're all Jesus, George
Okay, well, when the facts machine runs out of paper comes up and covers up my computer screen there
In front of my ass
Bush aid with intel stock met with executives pushing merger, or there's that merger target, and that's the buzz on the street is that
145 if 560 WQM, we're getting pretty close to you, and almost smell it, who can't pregame show it, and you can smell it
Either better, or the crows in the hallway
560 7 05 60 pound, even smell good, I've said that, he smells like lilacs
560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line many open lines 15 minutes secured, I think we can make it until two oh pretty unlikely
Here's a model in sunrise, hello
Hey, new, yes sir, are you doing man?
We have to ask them, for you, how about a name, the make a name for our Vivian and the man?
Vivian, yes, well I wouldn't be a runner man tell that in public man
All right, man, you know what you're doing for the Jamaican community, you eat the, yeah, it's a misfire man
You're the mixer, you're right, yeah, coming from a Jew make them, you know what I mean
Jew bed man, hey, that's what I just had to lunch man, Corey goat, a big old grass, a coconut used to
Gotta go find a big one now, baby, baby, go bust it up man, okay
Okay, all right, man, man, I'll still leave, keep up the good ones, baby
Sog is right, what time is he talking about? First Jamaicans man, I love the suitors, all Jamaican day today
Everybody thought this was a flag day, and it turned out to be Jamaican day
Now what's the Jamaican flag, is that the green one?
Green black and yellow twangles, yeah, we see a lot of those around
Yeah
Well, what do we buy that?
Around here?
No, but that's right, no, not just here, I see them all over the place
Man, lots of Jamaican flags
Which of course when they got one of those hanging in their car that means that they've got some good craft for sales and which myth
But just say, you know, you gotta advertise, you gotta be a little bit creative
Let people know because naturally, everything has to be done in some roast in this country
Because the law enforcement people are hypocrites, in fact they're probably the best customers if he asks me
So we have to do everything like undercover, and everything's gotta be sub-rosa
Because America's got laws against everything, you know, we gotta check what you're smoking here, man
Wouldn't surprise me if I walked out, you know, outside the door, there's one, they're gonna have to check out what I'm smoking here
Huh?
He's smoking pretty good
In fact, they also think these little cigars they smell like born from early
And they do
They're close specials
So these are Tatiana
Well, I said, Tatiana
You can say Tatiana
Tatiana, flavor cigars, shearing all us
Thanks a lot Derek, these be the best
Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello
Hey, what's going on in the audience, oh, but
Okay
Long time listener, man, we listen to you out here every single day for lunch and we have a great time with you
Excellent
Listen, but how are you feeling that actin's dying?
Ah, yeah, for a few hours here and a few hours there
I know that it's in between feedings
I need to do something, how do you get started on that I can't decide?
You actually go to a bookstore and buy some books or is there a talk to that special?
No, you gotta buy his book, the actin's a die revolution, you gotta buy his book
Tire revolution is called?
Yeah
Okay
Okay, I'll do that
I know you don't want to do that, but believe because a lot of people ask me like I'm gonna tell them on a radio in two minutes
You gotta buy the book and read it and give it a try
No after effects for your editing, is it a brutal fact? Does it work for you?
Ah, yeah, if you stay on it, you know, it all depends on what your thing is
I mean if you're into eating like a lot of starches and pasta and sugar and candy it's not gonna work because
You can't do that
All right, but you can eat steaks and lobster and butter and sour cream and stuff like that
Okay, just slather it on there
Not a problem
The other thing is let me tell you I'm sick and tired of this guy
This guy is with a slange call
A gourmet motorosa
His name is Jim Rome
She's got a big asshole there in this world
He's an asshole
Uh-huh
He's an incredible asshole
Well maybe he'll drop some day because on radio it sounds like about a 10-year-old
The high school, uh, grade school kid, middle school kid who's getting too many blow jobs
Have a great day and he go
Hey, take care buddy
Bye bye, or maybe not enough that might be a
He does have like a little kid on the radio, terrible
Roaming or I suppose say that because we got this sports fraternity going on here. Oh, no like kissing to this ass
I mean like even people like dick stocked and oh my god
Jesus holy crap and then of course there's always
Which reminds me oh now one guy with a good mood and you want to know why cuz I forgot that he was gonna be on this afternoon
In the middle of the day like him
Take
The say I've done to meet my maker
To order have credit card ready and call one 800 cadaver that's one 800 cadaver order today before it's cool
Mips it's too late
MTV presents nine inch nails unplugged
I want to
You like
And then they all come right up oh gee what's going on they all open the door looking very concerned like there's a fourth fire going on
Just because there's like a little puff of smoke like today that Brian lived at the that uh
Just to go from next to Fredo on square
I you know, I he just woke up cuz I didn't have a lighter with me that day
You can't light it with a sir. You really can't light us to go with a car
Suga white lighter so he was kind enough to light it for me
And it's like like a matter of 30 seconds from here to the elevator when on the days when it's working
Down to the main floor to get to the car and right there open it or oh gee what's going on
Yeah, somebody was smoking here. Okay asshole. I basically begin tomorrow night
The
the
I'm not a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man,
I'm just a poor kid all the time. Oh man.GLay! I'm not Schüler, but I stand by and I stand by and I end. I'm not a bad man, I'm a good man, I like blind. I'm not a bad me. I'm not a bad me, I'm a good man, I'm a terrible man, I'm a terrible man, I'm aphasis to hell, but I'mали'd, I die but I do've no idea what happened- I'm miserable. No, I'm horrible, no, I'm good, I'm 단am rooting for you to love me dude, I'm so be mad. Not of course, I'm soup. I can't afford you to just leave this and you'll make me my self up.. No, I'm not a bad man, I'm peasy. Otherwise, I'm the Sprinkle Scrap sleeping forує. I'm I'm I'm going formachine Girl, you're fuck islet, 화호 ho
all the other
educational show today
we got the five hundred twenty five votes by the way which is other than
alien that's like a record
in a you know it just during the show five hundred twenty five that is a
study probably one of the wise because most of the people were nearly would be
racing on the day they could buy not just both because we can't hurt anyway
right they can't hear it or sorry about that Eric by the way have another sandwich
don't lie to me he's sandwiches anybody that fat eats anything anyway be
loaded hundred fifty two dumb hundred thirty five after the new one hundred twenty
six that was my vote strong leader only sixty nine and confident forty
three not the overwhelming effect the positive twenty one point two which means
that the seventy nine percent say basically he's an answer pretty embarrassed
more hanging on for dear life speaking of hanging on for dear life now comes
the excitement baby there's a moment you've been waiting for your hope that
terrific act is involved in this because if he is I'm going to have to turn
in those cities real fast you think he's going to be gone oh god I don't want
to get sick right here on the air but yeah first one baseball kind of for my mom
all night bye bye good
