560 WQAS presents a Neil Rogers Show to Tom Tameel.
It's a 7.660 in Daneel, Rowan County, on count 560, 18.818, where was it?
87775 Neil is a toll-free QVP on the four-wheel Rogers, his guests are followed.
Does not reflect those of the measly broadcaster.
It's now the advertisers for it.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show on 560 QAS.
It's Friday, you first, dude.
Oh, I don't know where it is about.
They're lining little voices or they're big noses.
To be hard, tiny little meckles.
I don't know, they just rub me the wrong way.
Anti-Semitism, lebson, every speech, I love regensits, and the news.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Portido. Hello clouds, hello Wii U five, 60-Fu w.w.w., I'm happy Friday to that you're a friend Roy
Crazy Horse. I thought the Crazy Horse was like, was that what not a different Crazy Horse was.
Crazy Horse was discained about 168 or 9 or something like that. Something like that. Yeah.
A mail strip club. Right. Well yeah, surely tweeters used to talk about that all the time.
Surely tweeters. Then became a psychic, became a whatever it held she. What was the name?
Yeah, no. That's the only name. I don't watch the other.
That is clear. I keep my track of all these psychic names because once we start our psychic stock network line,
I don't want to mention no names, but once we start that, what is it? Nothing.
So anyway, that's pretty exciting. Mons Venus too, but I wouldn't get too excited because,
they'll probably be open about two, three weeks. They'll start busting all over the place.
For example, courthouse crackdown on Atlantis. There's more good news.
Oh! But the old farts in Fort Lauderdale and the powers that be never to be turned say,
well, we'll find some other way to do it, you know, the under run 21 thing.
Now what's the name of this guy? Mike Kent, not Norma Kent, but Mike Kent, owner of a club at Lannis.
He says the under 21 laws, the screw Atlantis ordinance. He says the city selectively
enforces it against him and he can prove it. He says, hopefully their coffers are deep enough
because I'll pay for the legal. The city is the opportunity to deal with businesses like this.
It's called condemnation or eminent domain. That's what they should be doing if they want to be
to the different purpose. Not even like that, but they're trying to put them out of business
because they don't want no whippersnappers over there. And it's been that way for a long time.
Ever since they decided to say bye bye bye to the spring breakers long, long time ago.
And then of course, you know, they'll say, we know this 19 year old kid that jumped out of the end
the pool and got killed a couple days ago. They'll say, see, there you go.
But the point is that, you know, that can happen anytime. I mean, used to happen a lot
because drunken college kids do a crazy thing. Yeah. So let's just throw the baby out with the
bad water, bath water, put everybody out of business. How about putting up some condos for old
people? How about you say right there in the beach and prime of beach from property? They already
did that down by the golf ocean mile all the way down there. They used to be really happening
apart of Fort Lauderdale Beach. Is it anymore? No. Old, geriatric, the creppant. Just like they did
out of Miami Beach many years ago when they turned all that beach front property over to the old
parts for those condos. So the median age there is death plus a hundred. Even if they brought
that if they took Meyer Lansky out of the box, he'd be like a teenager compared to most of the
people living there on columns out of it. So there you go. That's what they want. They like old
people. Okay, because on you young people you create too many problems. Too many drug problems,
too many people having a good time. Too many naked people running around too much flesh. We don't
like that here in South Florida. Too many fags, motticonis, all these things. Pete the chronic
border. Remember that song by Peter Paul Merri? Pete the chronic border. So whatever happened with
puffed eddies, did we get a didn't get a bird fear? No, I guess they don't look too good like they're
going to nail him though. Because they said the case against him is just like the case against
Joe Carroio week week like that tee he was brilliant like Al Martino's voice and the godfather
being a man. So anyway, Pete the chronic border. Facts that sends me these pictures of where his
kid goes to school. I mean this is embarrassing. These are like portable, yeah, portable, they call
them. I call them like quonset huts, shacks, the sugar shack without the sugar. Look at that.
No turlits, no nothing. There was a fags that here somewhere with it or a letter. Whatever it
is, I got so much crap here I can't keep track of the crap. Including that caustic fags about
your good friend, Rimmer. Rimmer the psychic hockey nut. Oh here it is. It says here I hope the tax
dollars, here's the tax dollars that work my son goes to school here, Flanagan High in Pemberpine,
ninth grade annex. All portapoddies, the entire f-ing school he says of this grace.
And Frank Motek said hello. I don't Frank wherever you are. I guess he's on the west coast.
So thanks Pete the chronic border off because that's a, there you go, and does anybody care? No.
And I'll pay the reason they care. Marlon's head for the river. What a guy. I love that headline in
the Sun, Central, Marlon's head for the river. Don't jump too soon John Henry Bud. Bye bye bye.
I will send you an anchor. Two great pieces of news from Tallahassee speaking about panel
defeats limits on class size of course because it would cost two billion dollars you know because
they'd have to build new schools and all of that. And right beneath that Senate budget be stores cut
to education. But somewhere along the line we're going to come up with like a billion dollars
for John Henry so we can build another billionaire a play toy because it's going to cost about 400
million for the stadium itself. And then the city supposedly if they go ahead with this thing
is going to cost land acquisition construction related expenses could run as high as five
or twenty one million dollars. So it's really going to be like you know close to a billion by the
time they get done. Always is with all the cost overruns etc. And is John Henry putting that money
out? No. No. What spend a billion dollars? We've got kids going to school in portaporties. We
can't afford to limit the class sizes because that's going to cost money that we don't have and we
got to cut make all kinds of cutbacks especially on education. This state man is a freaking disgrace.
But I don't want to get started on the Friday with negativity. Do we want to do that? Yeah.
We don't want to do that. Let's keep it light. Keep it happy. Okay. Keep them laugh and keep them smiling
especially with us. Just like yesterday. Look at that. Look at that phone.
See what I mean? I was thinking about coming to work this morning. This is like squeezing blood out
of a bullying ball. Well we already had a couple calls this morning saying what? They wanted basketball scores.
Yeah even blood comes in here. Muff comes in this morning and Muff is not in the area again by the way.
What? The bad thing that's the guy. QAM sport line. Oh no I want to talk to Neil. Oh speaking.
Hey Neil. Yeah that was a joke. Are you are you still looking for a good chocolate malthad?
Am I looking for it? Well you were talking about a chocolate malthad. I'm still looking for it.
Not necessarily the malthad. Yeah. Okay well maybe you can get that too. Why the Johnny rocket
be surprised they actually make a good chocolate malthad. What is that? There's one in the fall that's a chain.
There's a half in the place. What is it? It's a chain. It's like a 50 hamburgers chain.
Johnny rockets. I know there's one that there's one in the falls. I know that there's one.
Well I'm not going to the falls for a chocolate malthad. Well I'm thinking I have them in the other.
They have them in the other. I'm taking another stock tip from rumor. I'd have to be institutionalized if I did that.
Seriously. Yeah but they do have it. I think there's one up even in the sawgrass.
Oh is there in the sawgrass? I think there's a Johnny rocket. What?
Car wash. Yeah no no car wash. Can't afford it. Okay we'll find out. Thanks a lot pal.
Okay. Okay. Oh I guess what I have very bad news though. See I don't want to start unloading all
the bad news you know. All of the good news. Mond venus is coming out. A lot of guys may be coming
but you better do it fast because they'll close it down. But the bad news is that they got the drive
through it. My stake in check there by the sawgrass. All scharches in the drive through part.
Inside they got like you know nice white young people in there but I guess maybe probably for me
because they don't want me talking about any memes on here and checking them name tags out which I
won't. I mean they're very nice people and they're very efficient. They give you the right order.
You don't order cheeseburger with onion and wine. I'm getting a chicken sandwich with mayonnaise and
lettuce. I mean you know which is what the forechers have done to most of the fasts who joins
especially like a Wendy's in Burger King. Anybody in this audience ever to go through the drive
through and Wendy's in Burger King in the last year or two and get what you ordered. No.
Never happened. Ever. It's like as you know American airlines ever arrived anywhere on time in the
last five years. They had a great piece on the MSNBC last night about the airlines and what are
the scrapes all the stuff that's going on and the delta they rip them and ask did you see a thing
about Midwest what is it called and they ripped America worse too which I love you see that crappy
guy at the counter that would attitude Midwest cheese which I would never fly because we don't live
in the Midwest. It doesn't go anywhere we go. They get you by the balls and they know what they
act like. So I luck you know the one really great domestic airline is that Midwest something
or somebody will call them and we're not going on it because it's not for us. That's a price you
pay for being here in this goddamn place. Don't start on that negative let's be a positive okay it's
St. Paties they coming up tomorrow let's all march in the parade let's all mince in you do our
little leprechaun thing put on those yeah put on those tights all those good heterosexual Irishman
with those tights on. Yeah what the hell was that. What was what the sounds of silence.
It's like these little green mushrooms quick let's get them. You got the kinky charm.
Oh the raps are with kinky charm. I'm laughing and the precious way just Thursday just look what's inside.
White King. Blue whip red hand come and pink hot with green leather clovers. I can't let them catch me.
I'm going to get away. Oh we got you. Oh oh oh don't pat me behind with this hairbrush faster and faster and faster.
Get the hairbrushing. You gotta be put it for not eating your lunch and gear.
Oh no no no stop. Yeah.
Oh we got the little kinky charm. I hate the Irish. Yeah that's what I'm supposed to say.
Boy this thing is they're getting temperamental. 10, 16 at 5, 60 W to QM Subaru and W to QM
present our 2001 college hoops hysteria contest. Do we care about this. I started to say before
muff comes in here and he started talking to me about the oh yeah these college basketball games but
I love it when he's underdogs. I said I don't really care. No interest. Don't care.
No I don't. I just don't care about it anymore. I just have no interest. I'm not going to fake it.
College terminal terminal. Just like I'm in the car last time going to the store and I got the
booster on orange head and he said oh the 12 beat the five. Yeah yeah you know he's doing
this the Rock and Roll DJ sports crapper. The 12 beat the five. I thought I was listening to the
fat rich. Oh I had the four over the 278 and the seven made a brick in a stretch and pay me a
jump over the hub rail and while you pulled back and you know the 12 beat the five. Aren't you
impressed by that? Don't you want to know that? That the 12 beat the five? Come on you you know
stop being such a god damn hard to ask. Well yeah you better you know loosen your load a little
bit. Yeah I shouldn't have to say that to him. I've never seen anybody take a crap more than this
man. Seriously you for a little guy you crap more than anybody I've known in my life a lot. Yeah
and you don't even have irritable bowel. Maybe we're developing irritable bowel from eating all
that garbage speaking of crap that PD Laney brings in here. I never eat anything that he brings in.
Yeah but you have don't you remember the day they were like for hours and then when Homer is
still watching you chapter three I learned for yeah I learned my lesson and then he brings you
those six. Now let me ask you this talk about I don't want to say because today he's in the
Williams hardly. He's getting his thing removed or whatever. He's getting some kind of a nodule
removed. So I know we wish him the best of luck on that and maybe the work on his brain two of
they can find it. But he brings in these syrups these low cal I said well what the hell is that for
ice cream or what's the point of putting low cal I syrups on ice cream. That's like it in the small
diet soda with a banana split. I mean well yeah what's the point of that. Jesus Christ PD Laney
I mean do you have any brains at all. Oh yeah and then so anyway he put those two big containers
of the stuff and sure enough I come in yesterday morning which I begged him get that stuff out of
here we don't want it and I look on the list the first ingredient in both of the water and the
second one is soba tall soba tall yeah so they both went where they belong in the Schmidt
can. I thought at least one of them was chocolate but they were and had something to do with
chocolate yeah but not the kind you're thinking about. Subaru and WQM presents our 2001
college hoop hysteria contest log into WQR onto or around the WQM.com and start making your
selections for today's round one games of the NCAA tournament. You have till noon today to get
your first round Friday picks in Friday picks it's like today's games get it prizes will be given
away after each round of the grand prize winner walks away with a thousand dollars in coral the
hard cash courtesy of Subaru in sports radio 560 QAM see the reason I have to read this a lot is
because I'm sure they promise to Subaru people a lot of life plugs on the air like our sales department
probably charged them an arm and leg for it yeah probably they're not going to get anything
else in return because that's one of the big scams that our sales department loves to do like
during that golf tournament you know that's probably why they were asking me to make air checks
of your reading of that are you serious yes are you sure you don't know so they can prove to
the client that they actually got some mentions on it well you should told me that before we came
on here and I could have read it off the air you could have taped it why would that be different
than some of the other oh I'm sorry no I know then instead of reading it on the air see here's
the tape of it like that proves I read it on the air being my voice right so anyway thanks
Rick for the good news about Mond the penis or whatever that thing is going to be up there in
pompano federal and sample road well wait a minute federal and sample road oh no that's not
federal what's the uh um the in sparset town there well I'm coming home from the track all the time
military trail power line no no no in uh pompano the word the what's the name of that place
then the titty bar up there in the pop it up here the cheetah 3 that's one are there any like white
people alive in that neighborhood no I mean a lot of white customers I see you know driving
in that place I don't see any white that's a neighborhood that that's the hood maybe that'd be the
hood I thought it was just like industrial what a great lead into our poll question today great
poll which group of people destroy a neighborhood the fastest I don't think that'll be a tough poll
the polls the Irish well I give it the ones I have on my list and I'm trying to like you know make
the list as broad as possible so that because if we make it too narrow it's like I'm trying to
lead people in a wrong direction down the garden path down the promos lane
which group of people destroy a neighborhood the fastest Cubans African-Americans
Haitians Jews or Gays
but those are the only ones that could think to put on you got to put like you know red necks on
there trailer park trash right next okay red necks good yeah we got to make this as broad as
possible because otherwise people say oh you see you're picking on you know certain people again
I don't know what the result is going to be do we don't have a whole lot of Italians down here but
there are Italians don't ruin neighborhoods or you put people on there that don't ruin neighborhoods
like Gays yeah but but there's no prejudice against don't you understand there is no
prejudice against the Italians generally oh and speaking of that and unprecedented ecological
battle between the Vatican and Italy heated up on Friday when the Italian environment minister
Willie Borden will or Borden boarded the cut off the electricity supply to Vatican radio
Vatican radio which has been charged with raking Italian laws on electromagnetic levels
said it was astonished by the threat which would effectively pull the plug on the station
which broadcast Pope John Paul's words around the world how do you like that all right if within
15 days the broadcast it does not get backed on under the limits of a lord of the national
electricity provider the suspense of flight of the transmission set his board and told a news conference
if the supply continued to provide electricity it too would be held responsible for committing
your crime Vatican radio broadcast the Pope's propaganda I mean speeches and events to the world
in some 40 languages from a huge forest of antennae north of Rome or some groups have reported that
normally high levels of cancer oh just a coincidence I guess the transmission center like Vatican
city itself in the center of Rome is on extraterritorial land and considered part of a sovereign state
maybe that's why he and Fidel got along so well they both like pumping up you know those big
transmitters and jam and 80 billion watts of propaganda Borden said the national agency for the
protect of the environment had registered three times Italy's legal limit of electromagnetic
magnetism during one of Vatican radio's evening broadcast Italy has slapped strict regulations on
any mission levels the tightest in the European Union after Vatican radio had been set up 44 years ago
how do you like that so they might cut off his water Gord Scort and his power too good what do
we put a recon friends called up to remind me Puerto Rican neighbors okay okay Puerto Ricans I
didn't know I don't know I don't think I've ever lived around any Puerto Ricans I never lived in
the Bronx that's the only a recon neighborhood I know it would be well done the Orange Bowl
Ricans yeah how about your makings there you go like this neighborhood I'm just gonna say this
neighborhood here do not be too good this be pretty trashy neighborhood here pretty crappy although
by comparison no worse by comparison to what over town Liberty City are you trying to like stack
the road of me which group of people destroy neighborhood the fastest and don't be blaming other
people for moving out okay when you move in if you add live like crap if you're like a trash
master if you live like some kind of a slob subhuman scum uh Jamaicans Puerto Ricans Cubans African
American Haitians Jews oh there he goes with the Jews again Gays or Rednecks who love incest
so how the poor communist today speaking of ethnicity and that kind of stuff which of Niels
comments piss you off the most none of his comments piss me off a shocking 70% out of 1056
740 said Nanya none of your comments piss me off which I'm a tingle to death his comments about
orthodox Jews that was the leading one though 84 7.9% but it got a good battle there to at the end
his comments about religion 72 or 6.8% his comments about blacks 54 5.1% his comments about politics 45
4.2% his comments about guns 44 4.1% and last and way in the uh in the rear of the
spectrum way in the behind was his comments about Cubans 16 or 1.5% someone reminded me about the
gypsies there are no gypsy neighborhoods but we have gypsies here in South Florida we have
gypsy neighborhoods I don't know about the neighborhood but we have gypsies yeah and they do
destroy I hear some of them live in cross-brings and I heard a rumor that the gypsy cried
right there on the sofa 26 past 10 I'm not putting gypsies I think they're not enough of them to make
a of course a per to make a minion they don't congregate down here see now when I put the Jews
on their ship for orthodox Jews Sydney because Jews don't rule in labor I mean orthodox Jews
they rule neighborhoods sure they throw stones at the uh less orthodox and they like uh sure
sure and they've drilling road area that's pretty nice they're all orthodox there how about on
Miami Beach how about on uh what is it Washington Avenue haven't been there in a cool stage well I'm
putting a or whatever your name is Eric when you get to the Jew part on their put orthodox
you since they're already pissed off about me picking on him too much and since this is a weekend
pool and they can't you know at least on the shoppers part starting at sundown and I think
they can't dick with our pool you know which group of people destroy neighborhood the fastest
Jamaicans Puerto Ricans Cubans African-Americans Haitians orthodox Jews gaze or red necks I like it
hey hang this up baby
sorry that was a great show but oh thank you what to be honest with you you stink
well wait wait a minute I got a lot after 72 cities and four hours a night
don't you think it's about time you had yourself a shower yeah okay and I've got just the
sub-barrier blue Irish Springsteen it's the last of the order and boom
strong enough for a sweaty roll it I wish Springsteen now you won't be smelling like New Jersey
and the mom picking up a smell like something we got two more
a list here or two more categories for our pool Mexicans and Nicaragua and that's it I think
that I mean that's a whole bunch now one two three four five six seven eight nine that's
eleven different categories you know of people that you want to keep as far away from
me as possible well I mean not necessarily but just from our hood which group of people destroy
a neighborhood the fastest I mean like lightning Jamaicans Puerto Ricans Cubans African-Americans
Haitians orthodox Jews oh gays red necks Mexicans or Nicaraguan five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a 18 T.O. see he already had that pull up there nice going air for we got to
add those last two under because I didn't realize we had that many Mexicans they don't have
are you know that for a factor somebody called you in to make that up somebody who's pissed off
about ill sink or the mile one will find out here's a call in western hello good morning yes sir
you know first of all use your psychic abilities once again you mentioned that George
I put a little guy spend a lot of time running off there to the red zone yeah he does
and now are you are we sure that it's just not that he's full of Schmidt or B that he's really
going there to go to the bathroom I don't know what he's doing in there but he sure spends a lot
of time in the twirling all right well that brings me to the top news story as I turn on
channel seven news this morning by mistake yes was the broken sewer pipe at the mouth of the
mime river any coincidence with the fact that they suggested mime river locations I must be
crazy I must be not wow maybe he's opening up the concession stands already and that's you
know he's just figuring public law and sewage is about the same deal here yeah so that that
always at least this miss don't cost us all that money well that's right and it's interesting
you know they were talking about how all these spring breakers you know that are down you know
any Julia Tettle set they're trying to close beaches Julia Tettle South but I figure first of all
those kids they'll have no clue anyway because they'll be such drunk by the time they get out to
the beach anyhow they won't recognize it we don't want any young people here don't make any
mistake about it so far to hate young people who live here the ones who visit here we hate young
punks we can't stand and we want nice old people who are safe we'll just shovel a crap
light up on the beach just to keep them away for that now we'll just let the old people lose
out there with a clasmini bags when in doubt squeeze it out you mentioned you're also mentioning
how or we'll just send them over the mimey river to the bank there you go but the NCAA tournament
which of course is a huge sporting event no interest you are sports radio you know how you have
no interest intensive but look at the hypocrisy about you know how the NCAA comes out and
how they have this big issue about how they really don't want to promote gambling for college
sports yeah yeah they're offering free email and pager and authentic americ digital phone
updates of scores now who needs to get a picture oh that's only for serious fans that are
considered out for school yeah people who want to know what the scores it has right not because
they might have you know a couple of bucks on the game or something like that but and then I'm
actually I'm kind of hiding in my house over here you know you have a timer on my sprinkler system
right the time on the sprinkler system hasn't worked for months and so I have to go out and early
in the morning yeah if you want to do it manually manually exactly so now they restricted it to
Monday and Wednesdays for the for the address you know that I'm odd number address or whatever
but it's coming more than that it's going to be once a week now once a week exactly so today
by sheer out of the blue the damn thing starts working and originally with Monday Wednesday and
Friday so all of a sudden my sprinkler's going off this morning when I you know but at a wrong time
exactly at a wrong time because the thing hasn't worked and the timer's all screwed up as I'm
coming back in from being out running in Aaron I see a public service commission vehicle roaming
the neighborhood uh-huh so I'm hiding looking at the window and I'm just going to tell the guy if
he comes over here and says hey off your water seems to be but I'm just going to tell him my dog has
a urinary tract in fact and just been peeing all over the place sounds like a hoes job to me
good luck to pal back 5 6 7 0 5 60 look at this two votes so far so nobody's going to know which one
I voted for yeah because the thing america's got the whole pull up there one for orthodox use and
one for African Americans you'll never know which one I voted for I mean you may think you know
which one I voted for but you'll never ever know will you 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T I
this is it's just criminal it's criminal what goes on in this country and then nobody wants to talk
about it and everybody's like real tight-lipped about it the only thing they do is move real fast you
know they get on the phone to their real real realtor and that's uh okay uh-uh they just move in
shout get me out of here you know real fast but nobody wants to talk about it because it's not
polite to do it well a lot of how not oh look at that dive the marker is taking again yeah that
consumer confidence thing you university of Michigan I always told you with all the respect to Tommy
Brady and my friend mad dog bandage yeah university of Michigan consumer confidence thing
that uh too much bad weed and arbor who cares about that crap here's a little piece of advice for
in a book that I read last night from one of these experts one of these preferred experts he said
don't ever try to time the market that's what he said just sit tight as painful as it may be
as gut-wrenching as it may be just just don't just turn it and thing off and uh you know what goes
down we'll come back up do we believe him maybe that's what I'm going to do I'm riding an outman
here's a mobile in Miami hello hey yo yes sir love your show isn't the everyday religiously
let me ask you the here's the thing about uh Castro a nominee for the Nobel Prize yeah how do
you like that are they are they are they doing drugs there in Switzerland it's insane I mean what
is country coming to end in regards to your poll I wonder if they brought Hitler back if they
make him the give him an obelter I was exactly the first thing I came to my mind I said I
wonder how come the Cubans are to have an nervous breakdown about this I'll probably on
radio mom being on those days they're probably a smoking uh we're good stuff this morning
I mean I was just I probably smoking the nose paper on the way well Harold I didn't know what to say
you know what I'm gonna do the other thing what is it and regards to your poll today I think in
general I think it's I'm gonna say it's unfair but I'm saying that if we're gonna put all
different nationalities we might as well put in the Pakistanis and the orientals but we don't have
but well why would orientals ruin the neighborhood I mean Asian they're not they're not but the
thing is that we all don't have a poll that is what I'm west they uh how'd that but we don't have
those people here we do have some Patrystonis but you got to have cab drivers
and convenience store owners that's true okay give me some problem in lights thank you
yeah what were you this saying out west apparently they're having the same kinds of problems you
mean like in sweet water oh you mean way out west yeah they have a illegal immigration problem
out there on that coast yeah of course they do Asians well what are they doing come all
the way across the Pacific yeah yeah huh the takers trawlers full of them absolutely vote
low every day yes I just need on risk material thousands thousands a day huh well good now we
feel better about why should just be us in the Texas right maybe that's why they're having all
those earthquakes in California there's like too much weight you know like on a plane
although I understand that many of the people in San Francisco float so if your toes are done
on the ground that can be responsible don't play much for it five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty another dreary thing on that phone again today boy it's just so ponderous trying to squeeze
I'm squeezing the bowling ball I'm squeezing it I'm pressing I feel like old Eddie Koalik's you know
Thurman Gibson buddy Bommar that's it now we're gonna start doing old bowling guys
sure I think those are the only ones that I can remember I don't know any other ones
two more than I can say oh boy dick Weber there you go probably a couple of other dicks in there
yeah did I say Thurman Gibson did I say that huh left-handed Marty Perrino that must be crazy I
must be nuts
I guess
I
you
my
it's wrong me
new language
but it's terra
I'm richer than I was before
Every day is beyond the shore
The gift will follow me right to the shore
Yes!
I am richer!
Then any minor ought to be
Hey, hey!
Way to go, that's the go
Don't care if it's things like this
Oh, oh, oh
Here's your moon like me, you're drinking
Every day, until I'm richer than God can tell
On top of the ocean, in the shell
The poison that you just increased my way
Uh-huh
I am richer than all of you
Please don't drink any thousand new
There's a fancy no-go, gas in on high school
Wreck them
I am richer!
1047 at 560 WQM, or Boer is here's a thanks Don Carter
I'm sorry, I haven't had anybody for good Don Carter
About half the bowling elies in the American named after Old Don
Johnny Patraglie, which I never heard him
Here's one that I just remembered, Buzz Faisal
I don't remember him, sure, old Boers
Drought hammered Florida's marijuana crop
Here's some very bad news for you
But I started moving into what you make in neighborhood, man
Drug eradication efforts got a boost from Mother Nature in Florida
Where a severe drought has stunted the illegal marijuana crop
The Florida FDLE set on Tuesday
Law Enforcement Agency sees 39,000, 219 marijuana plants
We're 39.2 million dollars from around the state in 2000
About 30% less than the previous year in the lower number in 20 years
If you think you're having trouble keeping your lawn alive
Imagine trying to covertly water an entire marijuana plot
After your lead agent David Broadway told the Orlando Sentinel
David Broadway
Mother Nature has played a big part in the scarcity of the domestic crop this year
He said meteorologists said 2000 was the driest year on record in Florida
Where most residents are under water use restrictions out there burning bands and wildfire alerts
Marijuana plants generally have short roots and need lots of water Broadway said
I got short roots, I can relate to that
92 votes already in our survey and our survey says
Which group of people destroy a neighborhood the fastest?
I mean like lightning, like Greece lightning
92 votes, African Americans have 42
Rednecks 11, Haitians 10, Puerto Rican 7, Cuban 6, Jamaican 6, Orthodox Jews 6
Yays 3, Nicaraguan 1 and Mexicans
They don't have any Mexicans here
They're in Leisure City, Homestead, Parade
Let them move their soul
Huge plants of them, well they're not
Pick and grapes, they didn't start as red
What is parade?
Tomatoes, strawberries
Well somebody's got to do it
No, we don't have any Mexicans here, I think you're making that up
The 500 people called in there
Well then they must be nice neighbors because they don't have any votes on here now
Actually?
Yeah, I mean they're safe neighbors
They invite you over from a refined bean or two here and there
They're not going to commit crime on you
Generally speaking
Are they safe?
They're safe
See I'm going to tell you right now we need to bring in bus roads to Chinese people
Okay, no, why not?
They're safe, I like Chinese
I love Chinese, let's play it, will you want to play it?
No, sorry Rick
Seriously, Chinese people are wonderful people in there like ethics and morality
And like, any other Chinese gangs like there's gangs and everything like punks
But generally speaking, the Chinese are very educated and polite and very generalizing
What?
What?
What about the city, Chinese?
The rural Chinese are very backwards and antiquated
No, I'm talking about Chinese people who come here
I'm not talking about Chinese in China
What rural Chinese people are being oppressed and getting those
What rural Chinese like in Montana?
Where are you talking about?
It's huge
But when I talk about Chinese people in rural China, they're not coming here
No, they're not
Okay
The rural Chinese people are the ones who come here
Large portions of them, yes
And open up all these great Chinese restaurants?
Not in them
Oh, well what do they do?
You haven't seen any of those reports on the West Coast that what they do what they do is to case
Wait, wait, wait, on the West Coast
Right
We're not talking about here
We have barely any here
That's what I'm saying, I said we need to bring in bus roads of nice Chinese people
Not to kind of like sewer rats you're talking about whoever they are
That's not what I'm talking about
Which is most of the Chinese people, those are the refugees
Overware in the West Coast
Well, all the drags around the West Coast, you know?
They're hell with them, let's worry about us
They eat tiger balls
Well, they're so there's something good there
Somebody's got to eat tiger balls
Yeah, maybe they like golf, I don't know
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pot
No, seriously, we could use tons of Chinese people here
And they're very friendly
A little upside in the beginning but once you loosen them up a little
No, seriously, of course, I don't want to get into it
109 votes so far and African Americans are running away
No, actually it's the white people that are running away
From all of the above
See, that's bad
But you can call us bigoted in all these other things
But see people don't move out of a neighborhood just because they're afraid of
They're afraid that their property value is going to go down
The quality of life is going to go down
It's going to be crime, it's going to turn into a toilet
That's why people move out
And then other people point the thing
They say, hey, you be a bigoted man, you be bad
And of course, that's not true necessarily
Kind of like a chicken in the air question
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pot 5, 60 on the AT&T
A very weak response, you're on a phone today about anything
These people are in law, law land again
I got such a headache, it was for me that I'm with this morning
That thing was crap
I'm with this man
What?
Hey, I don't care, it may get so sweat off my ass
I don't need no omelette, I can buy all of them
I don't need anything anyway
Keep drinking all those milkshakes, some steak and shake
Or they have the sparsers and the drive-through
You see how it's kind of like a spreading thing?
I don't want to sound like some kind of old bigoted racist here on the air
But I mean, isn't there any place where they're like just white people besides Denmark?
No, no, you don't know what I'm talking about
And cork evils, I mean, there's got to be some place else
Mm-hmm, where?
Montana
No, I'm talking about a place where people would want to be
I mean, you could say the North Pole
I don't want to be in Montana, maybe you want to be in Montana
Don't, well don't this shall be Montana
No, not shelter
And I'm going to do this
You'll see all of those relatives up there with the orange hairy
Why would you be in the library?
With tumble rhymes with Mary
You got to get to the mountains
Here's the mobile implantation, hello
Hello?
Yes, how are you?
Great
You're the only guy that talks to Anas on the air, I never called before
I remember I only been listening for a week
Really?
Yes
But I love your show
Of course
I got a few questions
Sure
Why are our blacks better in sports?
Why are they better in sports?
Well, I don't know because they've been learning to train to run fast
Because they've been chased a lot, you know?
Back during the days when they had the lynchings
We taught them how to run like a mother
When you were speaking last week
Like I said, only been listening for a week, right?
You thought I told them to ship it back to Africa?
I love that
I'm not saying we should do it, I'm saying I love it
Sure, sure you are, you're saying we gotta do it
I see, I see, I see, I said it, but you don't have the balls to sail
What I'm saying
We have a lot of black people on the ground
We have a lot of black people listening to the show
And the people who listen to the show
And the people who listen to the show they can stay here
And as long as they're nice, we'll interview them
And if they're friendly and nice, they can stay
But all the rest of them, I mean, it's just one of those things
We don't have room for them here, and they multiply too fast
Well, anyway, I love your show
Like I said, I've been listening for only for one week
But I've been listening every day since
There you go
Can I get a ticket, I'll tell you a joke?
No, we don't do jokes, but have a great weekend, get out of here
No, do jokes
On the fact that we do jokes so I can preview them
And if they're amusing, all I do
Midwest Express is the name of that airline
I was trying to think of earlier, I forgot to mention that
Corn MSNBC, it's a great airline, does it fly anywhere here?
No
Does it do anything good for us unless you're in the Midwest?
No
But it's a great airline, and they serve great food like I'm real China
Even in coach
I think if I caught the drift of that piece last night
They don't even have a first class, everything is first class
It's all the same
Big wide seats, great service, fancy, shmancy food
Silverware like real China, real silver
And then they showed Delta, but they got the Maturell mix
You know, I mean, that's just
And what's the other one that they call the, not the happy meal
But the little box, I think that's Delta, maybe it's American
Where the porcelainers in coach they have the fun pack
Now there's something in the light light, it's something
Yeah, the uptruck lunch
And a little box, and as you're getting on a plane, the people in coach
They have to take this little box
Here it is, we just charge you like 800 bucks to fly 200 miles
And here's a box with some steel crackers in it and a couple of nuts
Which you already bought my own, thank you
And what the hell is that?
Kind of garbage is that
Soking a guy damn public, you airline people, you suck
That's what I just want to say right now
There's some good airlines like my friends in here in Canada
And Martin, Skirr and a couple of others, although those are not domestic airlines
Is there really a good domestic airline beside Missile at Winwood Express?
Which I never heard of till last night, I'll have to take their word for it
You know, I'll have to assume it's the MSNBC
But is there really such a thing?
I mean, getting placed on the, I'm not getting on the airline for great food
Because it's not going to happen anyway, unless you're flying alitalia in first class
Not even business class anymore, in first class, for like, you know, 8 grand or something
Forget about it
Because it's all a monopoly, it's all crap
And they have all these, they bring on all these shows and all those
It's a box
Thank you, the B-strow box
Thank you, Woody Graber
Because I call it the barfstrow box is what I call it
The B-strow bag
The B-strow bag
Oh, God
And be sure to take your B-strow bag with that wonderful food in it
Before you go back and sit those little tiny seats that were, you know, invented for five-year-old kids with tiny asses
Oh, Jesus
But I have a very few complaints because like I said, I've been very lucky flying mostly international carriers
And most of them are pretty good
I mean, Martin Air Force, cheap as they are, I got to tell you they're pretty good
I've had, you know, a couple of first-wing experiences
But generally speaking, it's one who flies about four million times a year
I have few complaints
But what he's domestic here is like America worst they should only have wicked diarrhea for about six months
And the B-G should be right there with him too
It's Friday, you best, kids
Feeling down in blue, I all knew Devin's orders
Putting sun, brown suit, yellow shirt, surprisingly I'll lose her jacket
Oh, that's right, cool man
Hey, is that ground up, cloveries?
It's right from the pastures with cocky corks
Wee, colleagues, how's your cork kind of this?
Hey, man, your stuff is great
Is that a leopard gun on the ceiling, man?
Why are you kidding?
And that's another one, another one, I don't know, number one two
Hey, I think you're right, man, the place is proud of you with him
I knew Sterblin's going
Amazingly, how do you feel about getting a cash?
Love it, I wanted five-sixty WQM, we got Jim Mad Dog, man
Yeah, and for Hanky to the sand, and for Hank's author in Vegas
Ostensibly for the NCAA's, but of course the flunges brains out and have a great time, I'm sure he is
Gaudi, I'm game light, hard rock, half-aid, six
Panther preview at seven o'clock tonight, the penguins in a panthers
That game looks like it'll be the only cell out of the year
Are they going to see the panthers?
No, they're going to see Meriel
Eddie Kaye after the hockey game
Am I going to that game tonight?
No
No
A man once had an extremely bad case of hemorrhoids
He decided to go to the doctor and prescribe him some tablets to take
However said the doctor because this is such a severe case of hemorrhoids
These tablets will have to be given aimally
Correct them
Thus said the doctor gave the patient the tablet via the anus
Also you'll have to have another one today at seven o'clock, another one every 12 hours for the next week
The man thanked the doctor and went home
At seven o'clock his real friend was at his house, he asked her if she could give him the pill
She agreed and placed one hand on the boyfriend's shoulder and gave him the pill
Was that the man promptly screamed?
Are you okay honey? Did it hurt that much?
No, it didn't hurt reply the man I just realized when the doctor gave me the pill and he put two hands on my shoulders
Correct them
Exactly
5,670560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless blind
Don't forget one more time for this because parents are good upset
Even though I have absolutely no interest but our friends at Subaru do
Subaru and WQM presents our 2001 college hoops hysteria contest
Are you hysterical?
No
Long on to www.commonstartmakingyourselections for days around one game to the NCAA tournament
You have fuel noon today to get your first round Friday picks in
Prizes will be given away after each round of the grand prize winner walks away with $1,000 in cash
courtesy of Subaru and sports radio WQM
I'm sure that Subaru is giving away like $995 and we're giving away like maybe $5
So you're probably going to get the $995 real quick and the other $5
Don't hold your breath
Here's Poppano, hello
Hey Neil how you doing?
Real quick couple of old timers, Common Selvino and Billy Wailu
Right very good
Yeah I think Billy Wailu is dead I believe
I think so
Neil I was reading yesterday and you might say good at the moment
I think Common Selvino is dead too as a matter of fact but anyway
I was reading yesterday's paper USA Today
Did you hear about the poor guy out in Las Vegas with the slot machine?
No
Well he was out there and he was playing this progressive slot machine with a fly bigger
And what happened is his friend asked him a question and he turned and he pulled a rubber
And he came up and he hit the mega bucks mega bucks
Right
Only to fight when the manager came that you know how you have to put in
You know what maximum?
Oh no no no no no no no no no
Yeah he only put in two coins instead of three
So you don't put a wire line?
He would have won seven and a half million and steady one ten thousand
Oh
Because he didn't put in three coins
Because his friend interfered in the
And he struck them
You know and if I didn't open it
You know what I would do to his friend?
Yeah
Just like somebody gives you a bad stock this
Or turns you out to a bad stock broker
Neil if I didn't like it at least
If I didn't know that I said a deep old coach
I would have thought it was a deep old cap one out there
Probably
But you know and if I had to get you know hands out this
I hope it wasn't Hank
I'm sure not
But you know what I really had to say to you
Okay thanks for good news
Okay
Hank would know where to stick it in
Can you imagine that?
I like it
I mean talk about stupid
You'll see people playing the wheel of fortune slots out there
And in order to have a chance to get the wheel
You have to have all three coins in
And they're putting in two coins or one coin
Are we ever going to get any spins?
What's wrong with this guy dancing there
And they're sticking the money in there
And like you know
Milan, dumb
It says right on the machines
You know, spin on the third wheel
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh God
Not that many smarter because I'm out there playing the slots
Anyone just as dumb as they are
Plunging my brains out
But at least I'm having a good time
Unlike that stock market
Take another precipitous drop today
But I don't care
Nothing I can do about it
Just sit back, be philosophical
Don't try to time the market
And don't buy bonds
Now seriously, according to this book
Stocks outperform bonds and cash
Buy like a zillion times over the years
That's what it says
So if it turns out not to be two and three or four years
I'll just find a guy that wrote it
And just you know
Shoot him in the lake
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello
Hello, I want to give you the name of another old crime bowler
Blue sea laugh from the strobe team in Detroit
Never heard of him
And Fazio, Buzz Fazio and Lucila
From the strobe team
They used to give exhibitions on Sunday mornings
At the old Y7 in Detroit
And the old one drove
Great
That's it
Franklin Sears
5667-0560
And we're back to the harness drivers
And I can't do any of these names
And they don't know which is good
Confuse them
Keep them off balance
That's what I say
Who is that?
Some old guy, some old fart
Okay, here's our last call
It's from out of town
And it says Milwaukee, hello
Meal, happy Friday
Same deal
Hey, you're talking about Midwest Express
That's their hub up here in Milwaukee
It is the best airline you'll ever travel on
The seat, there is no first class
All the seats are the same
The same, the meals are actually good food
They sure got some great publicity on MSNBC last night
They did, they gave a free wine
I mean it just makes a happy flight
If I'm gonna fly over an hour
What do they do like fly from Chicago to Milwaukee or things like that?
No, they actually fly down to the Dallas
They're going to lay down to I think four Myers and maybe Miami
But it's only seasonally
I think they've canceled after Easter
They only run it from in the winter months
Kansas City, you know, they're throughout the Midwest
Honestly good, I mean it is the best airline you'll ever take
You're gonna fly over an hour, go Midwest Express
I guess I'll have to move there, huh?
Thanks for the good news
Why would you want a week paradise?
Yeah, that's your good point
Take care, Neil
Thanks, bye
Okay, we got 75,000 open lines here
I'm embarrassed for this audience again this week has been really bad
I feel like I've been this this week I've been yanking it, pulling it, squeezing it
And still can't get a response
What's wrong with these people? What is wrong with you folks?
Here's our last call lady, mobile and coral springs, hello
Hello
Yes, ma'am
Yes, are you still doing the poll?
The data is doing
Yes, ma'am, we're still doing the poll
Who ruined the neighborhood?
Yes
Trailer park trash
Trailer park trash, red now
Okay, thanks for that
Okay
Trailer park trash, but then we got to have them around for the jury spring or show
Not a call on the board, baby, that's it, go home
I'm going home, I'm gonna go to the Midwest and get on the summer
Anywhere in the Midwest, hop on that Midwest Express airline and just keep flying around eating there you have good food
Just having a lot of wine
That's it, I'm just not taking any more calls today
I mean, what's the point of this? The show is over
This audience is dead
This has been remembered this happened yesterday, two like about 1035
Here it's like 10 after 11
And the cats got their tongue
Yeah, we're just tired of your crap, you know, we're just sick
Oh, Neal, what are we gonna do? You're gonna be leaving us soon, not yet, three years
You're gonna be doing it, what are we gonna do? I don't know, I don't know what the hell I'm gonna do
I've worked this great UCD, let's just play the poll
Yeah, but don't you miss this during the summertime?
Yeah, I miss sitting around every day, a begging, pleading for people to say something, anything
Why, I just love them then
Hello, hello
Hi
Tonight on the WB, it's Buffy, the Leprecon Slayer
Hey, hey, that's not
I miss Tornin' you, that's not wrong
What are you doing? No, you're a vampire Slayer, not the Leprecon Slayer
Oh, what should I do?
You can stop punching me in the head
Buffy, the Leprecon Slayer
I'm broken my head
We're not supposed to move the body
1114, you know, somebody wants to describe the St. Patrick's Day
There's just another excuse for the Irish to get drunk, which I find ridiculous
because everybody knows the Irish don't need an excuse to get drunk, that's right
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T
I think somebody peed in my omelette this morning, you know, I'm staring like my eyes are watering
and I feel like, you know, my head is, oh, all congested
Either better, it's my Florida allergies
I'm allergic as hell to this place
How could you forget Earl Anthony says this one?
Oh, and not only that, that's right, another great bore
Oh, excuse me for blowing my nose on here, not supposed to blow it on here
Here's the thing
And they do fly to Fort Lauderdale like during the season, I guess
They fly that some Midwest Express Airlines, somebody factfully they're itinerary, the map
They fly from Milwaukee, that's their hub to San Francisco, to Las Vegas
You hear that?
So let's go to Milwaukee and get drunk
And they will go to Las Vegas, okay
She's hysterical
Los Angeles, they fly to Phoenix, Denver, Omaha, I do like Omaha
Next range that I like Omaha, it's ever been there
Really?
Oh, they got all those great steak houses and boy those corn fed men westerner people
Both, some, well some you can't tell
Now seriously, they got beautiful, have you ever seen the people in Nebraska?
I think if we wanted to take a definitive place for the most beautiful people in America
And you know, talk about the beaches and you know, South Beach and Fort Lauderdale in LA
Who I, I think Nebraska, Omaha anyway
Blimey, what?
And you wouldn't think so would you?
Well, no Bible, Bel, well, no people so
Oh man, those corn fed people
Corn fed
Corn fed and corn hold
Good skin
Beautiful skin, not as good, not as smooth as the Chinese people though
See, I don't know why you're so much against the heaven a whole bunch of men
I think you got a very tunnel visioned view of the Chinese because of what we have here
I hate to break the news to you sir
I mean, if I didn't have this headache, which I have a horrible headache
But if I didn't have this headache, I'd laugh so hard that I would like, probably wet my pants
See, the Chinese people we have here, he says
Keep in mind that I've been in, I have like a lot of Chinese people all over Europe
I've been like in Rome and in like Amsterdam
Do you have any idea how many Chinese people are in every European city?
No
In one block, in any city in Europe, you'll find more Chinese people in five minutes
You could scour all of South Florida, including all the restaurants and you wouldn't find as many Chinese people
Okay
And how about in Toronto where they have not won three different Chinatowns in Toronto, eh?
Okay, yeah, we need a Chinatown
That's what I'm trying to tell you
They're beautiful people and they have a problem
They have a problem with an out west, they're having problems
When you get your brain out of out west already for Christ's sake between Montana and West Coast
Bring your brain a little bit closer back to here please
I know it's very desirable, but try to do it
We're talking about us, sadly
Anyway, they fly over to place, Kansas City
From Milwaukee, that's their hub and they fly from Kansas City to Atlanta
Anybody want to go to Atlanta?
No, not me
Well, Raleigh, North Carolina, that's where you can fly there
From Milwaukee, so go drive up to Raleigh and then fly to Milwaukee and then back
Just do a round trip just to see how the airline is
Now you're smiling if you have to play your cards right? Tell me gave me some free publicity
You get your freebie on it
Okay
Worked like hell on Martin Air, didn't it?
No
No, it worked like hell on National Airlines, the Vegas didn't it?
No
No, damn it
Well, they need the money nationally, we got to keep them afloat
I or Hank just flew up through the Vegas on National, they're still on business, you think Hank got a Phoebe?
Here's line two and somewhere, hello
I just kind of a closet racist, but I'll say that for number two white trash certainly will mess up a town family
Well, I know something you might have your thumb on it because so far African Americans are a distant number, I mean way ahead of the pack number one
But number two are rednecks
Yeah, I just got a flash
Say let's ask
I just don't have the balls to discuss it
Okay
You know, black people, it's weird, it's just...
So what do you mean you don't have the balls to discuss it?
Well, I don't know because I know I'm somewhat racist, I'm not...
You know, not...
Well, but you understand this is the black man's plan, this is how he gets even for those slavery and all that other stuff
This is by making a lot of problems for us and they're doing a great job of it
Well, I've been using this problem for a long time
Everyone would be and I'd give the benefit of a doubt, every human being I mean
Well, we're not talking about individuals, I mean there's obviously some nice black people, I haven't met too many, but there's some individuals are very nice
But we're talking as a group, you know, as a class, we're generalizing
I've met a lot of nice black people, but I'll tell you this, the neighborhood that I would never live in, that's all the rest of it
Would you live it over time?
I've been through there, huh?
Very quickly
Oh, Polaka?
Lovely
I just go into the arena, but we'll get down to the...
Liberty City?
Liberty City
Downtown Miami right there by the arena in the Camille's house?
Come up here to West Palm, I'm sorry
Some good pre meals?
Downtown West Palm Beach, there you go
That's where I am, it's a scary situation
Okay, I'll see you on the other side of the bridge
I'm moving up the mallabar next week
Okay, so how'd I ask you louder?
Whoever that is
Okay
Whoever that is, here's a guy who lives in West Palm Beach, you don't know how to say that
Guys, they won't let him on the other side of that bridge over to Palm Beach
They don't allow his kind over there, whoever that is
Makeup?
I don't know if that's the louder still live, I would think so
Because she had like, oh, the company, I don't know about her, huh?
Well, they had a huge mansion in Palm Beach, I mean, gigantic
Not like the Kennedy compound
So let's hang out of this thing here, Midwest Express Airlines
Maybe we can scan a free trip on that, although I don't think they need our help
I have to get into a deal on MSNBC last night, nationwide, worldwide, great publicity
See, it goes to show you
You do a good job and people are going to say nice things about you
If you do a crappy job like American and Delta and America worth people are going to say,
BAH for them, that's what, oh, I like that
Do you hear that?
Yeah, that was a good one
Here's Miami, hello
Neil, yes, sir
Uh, good in the act and got no problem, you know, eating all the protein and stuff
It's just the sweet-timeness
That's why I came late at night
That's why I can't, I don't, I don't combat it, that's why I'm fat as a pig
That's why my head is spinning from all those chocolate shakes from me to the steak and shake
I'm serious, I'm going to die from steak and shake
So what do you do with it, what suggestions, yeah?
What do you mean, what do I do? I'm fat
That's what I do
All right, thank you
I turn my guts out, wishing that I could be slid and beautiful
Thank you
And have a good day
Neil, do you have more chance in a Chinese film book?
Yes, no, I don't, it's not a fact, I don't
Oh, yeah, okay
Only one, thank you, Solomon Teuno
So, Tonto Uno, isn't that interesting, the same thing
There's a lot of similarities between esponial and italiano, but the Italian is a wonderful language
I understand, I know that, okay, the same route
The same route
Like a baby route, that's what I got, a baby route
Yeah, it's like a candy bar
It didn't see anybody want to, so anyway
Ever, two
Yeah
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 0, 5, 60, I'm just in coherent that Lomlet just sent me at it, I'm my head is swimming
Do you ever have that literally like when your head is like busy, you know, like swimming?
Yes
I'm not talking about like the sugar swimming from like the rubber lock
I'd say to assume that you don't want pizza lots of visitors today
Oh, God, no, is that man crazy or what?
I want to bring me more of that rubbery pasta like that last time, is he out of his mind?
I mean, I went ahead and made the call, I just figured it was a safe one to make
You made the call for what?
No, he called
And I told him, no thank you, I don't think you're in the mood based on that
No, thanks
No, thank you, Jeff, we love you, you're great, haven't I, shower in the back
If a big kiss to my friend Tanner give a little fun down his throat for me
And you know, say I wish I were me, but that's it, no way, no fool, I gotta stop
I sympathize with that last guy because God, you know, the American people we are so God damn fat
And I know that nobody wants to talk about this because it's embarrassing
Because you know, it just like the thing with the neighborhoods, I'm the only person in the God damn country
That's willing to come on to God damn radio every day
And talk about the stuff that most people are too pacified to talk about
Like that guy that called about a half hour ago, it said he's been listening for a week
And he can't believe how great this show is and all the stuff that I say that nobody has the balls to say
Much less on a radio
And that's right, that's the F and right man
Fat, we're disgusting, we're just huge cows
We're these big pups and I'm talking to these really bad
I went to steak and shake yesterday and I had a pretty good day, what did I eat here?
Oh, I had it from Ira
Had it let it stay in the subs, huh?
Yeah, I had the cold cut stuff and it wasn't really all that much in there, except a lot of greens
Which is good, that's why I like it and I know none of the kutans
Which I can't eat that, it's in your blood sugar skyrocketing
So that was okay
And then I went home and I had one of those protein bars
Huh? Not the Actions ones but these carbohydrates
Carbolite?
Carb solution, I'm sorry, carb solution
Thank you again, guys, it's from Rexall
And then last evening about 7 o'clock, I got in the car and went over to steak and shake
I got to stop going there
I got a double cheeseburger with onions and bacon and a large chocolate shake
And I did something I never ever do, ever
I ate the cheeseburger with the bun
And I'm going to tell you something, it was delicious
It was and she did
Yeah, and I wonder what my head is swimming this morning
Now my blood sugar this morning was 137
Which is an astronomical, but I mean, no it should be a bit lower than that usually is
And then in the morning, you know, it goes up quite a bit
And then I came in here and ate that goddamn omelette
And so now my head is swimming and I'm struggling to see a fat
And the only way that I'm lately treading water is by taking diuretics
You know what, taking diuretics spreads bad for diuretics
Because first of all, for anybody, because taking prescription diuretics increases the uric acid levels
What's going to give you gout and you know, your feet, it's bad for you
But I have to do it, it's like taking a sponge and bringing the water out, you know
And you keep bringing it out and pretty soon the sponge is like drek, you know
You got like a handful of pieces of what used to be a sponge
And that's what it's like doing to your body taking those diuretics
That's what it does to your kidneys
See, now here I go again with this crap, but that guy got me motivated
Because he's frustrated
I relate to your surface, it actually feels like I'm another fat swab that can't stop the goddamn sweets
I can't stop the sweet, I can't stop the goddamn sweet
I can't stop the pasta, I can't stop the bread, I can't stop the rice although I tell you that
Cheeseburg with a bun last night, it's so good
Almost made up for the fact that Josh was not in the drive through and all the shfarts were in there
What is that all about, seriously?
What, what, do we have to ship, I mean I know we bust people to schools
But do we, those people don't live out there?
I hope
I mean, I don't think
Huh?
I shouldn't have said I hope, should I?
I hope
No, no, I mean, it's not that I don't want, we have black people living out there by me
Because most black people don't want to live in Liberty City or they don't want to live there
They're going to afford to get out, they get out, they don't want to live in a swam
Of course not, they don't want to live in the hood
They want to live in respectable places where like upstanding white people live, you know
And I can't blame them
But why can't we just have like some fast food place that's got like white people in there
And I don't get that, there was white people in there last week and now all of a sudden there's black people at the address
And I bet you're going to wake them up, you ain't white people working there
You know what I'm saying?
See how that starts, like you plant one little seed and all of a sudden you got a whole goddamn field of it growing in your backyard
All you do is one plant
And now all of a sudden you got a whole yard full of that crap and a helicopter is flying over
And you got real tourists baby, yeah, that's right
When the chopper starts flying over, you've got problems man, they're after your ass
And because this is the US of A, they're going to drag your fat ass away
And it will be a fat ass because it's America, everybody's got a fat ass
And they'll drag it away and throw your ass in jail for 20 years
Because they don't like the god damn wicked weed, they don't like the drug people, they got them a pot people
Because this country like a bunch of overgrown chillins
And I do understand I salute the black people for getting even, that's what they're doing
I don't know why you're smiling, this is what they are doing, that's why they cause so many problems
I mean you can run around with Jesse Jackson and Farrakhan and I'll sharpen all those assholes
Nobody pays any attention to them
But when you go around start screwing up people's neighborhoods and turn them into a juggernaut
And I'll slump and force them to keep selling their property and move it to big laws
Then that's getting even I would say
So nice going out of your starch as you, you're doing it baby
Now don't forget this Sunday to become a pick you up
I mean that's where all those kids were
Remember I said they were scattering by the school I heard yesterday
Maybe they're getting ready to hop on that BTA thing
Yeah
That was Friday you first did
That week I did the craziest thing
I moved open to run ebony
And then I hit the street to go check out my stuff
And what happened was why I got it
There was a black guy standing on the corner
I said to him, was up and your blood was going down
And looked at me as if I was some kind of brain
And you also see what he called me
Check the food, check the food
Now how did you like the chicken food?
Check the food, says you don't like the chicken food
Check the food
The honky don't like the chicken food
Check the food, check the food, check the food
He's very bothered safe for you
And he pulled out his gun and never seen it
And I'm just learning ebonyx from an old one
And he aimed at me, said his lesson would old you
A rock, pop, a loop, pop, a rock, a rock, and see
As I lay there, I saw now his die
Someone called the paramedic
I do do, then another do, said man
You pathetic honky food
Do the bonyx and then it will be this and you
Check the food, check the food
Now how did you like the chicken food?
Check the food, says you don't like the chicken food
Check the food, check the food, check the food
The honky don't like it
Check the food, check the food
Check the food, check the food
Now how did you like the chicken food?
Check the food, says you don't like it
Check the food, check the food, check the food
The honky don't like the chicken food
Check the food, check the food
It's not that I'm ready, too, five, fifty, double the QA
Anyway Jeff Claw, I think, is going to come over
or do a demonstration of eating ants here on the show
instead of like having lunch, but this dispenser would launch what? Who's the subject?
Medi Bell. So anyway, man found, I would love better get this lady on here she'll hang
up. Lady mobile in the keys, hello. Hi Neil. Yes ma'am. How are you? Great. Well I'm
getting headed down to the keys and I just wanted to place my vote for White Trash. Yeah.
And tell you that I love you. Okay thanks. And have a great day. Bye bye. Bye. Bye.
Well customer found guilty of exposing himself. Oh right. This is a great story. A Rossville man.
I don't know where Rossville is. Let's see. Well I guess they'll make any difference.
Who said he wasn't aware that his penis was hanging out of his shorts during visits to
three stores at the Tipecanou Mall last October has been convicted on three counts of
public indecency. Christopher M. Felipe 28 was convicted at the end of a one day jury trial
in Tipecanou Superior Court on Tuesday. According to testimony, a clerk at Hotline Shoes
notified Mall Security the morning of October 16th when Felipe left the store. She told
a security officer that Felipe would expose his penis to the leg of his shorts while
trying on shoes. Mall Security began monitoring Felipe via surveillance cameras after leaving
Hotline, Felipe went to the shoe department at Cole's department store. Video taken
there showed Felipe fidgeting, rearranging his shorts and looking around. After leaving
Cole's, he went to Sears to spend some time trying on suits and then went to the shoe
department where he was caught on surveillance video again exposing himself to the leg of
his shorts. He never bought any shoes. Security officers confronted him as he was leaving
them all and he was arrested by Lafayette police. Felipe was murdered in a youth leader at
his church was represented during the trial by Attorney Stephen Meyer. Felipe testified
that if he exposed himself it was inadvertent his genitals must have slipped out of the
lining of his shorts. He said it was surprised when he watched the video and saw how frequently
he was tugging at his shorts he said it was an unconscious habit. Deputy prosecutor Christine
Smith argued that the repeated incidents could not have been accidental. Several friends
and family members attended the trial his minister testified to a strong character and
large penis. The jury deliberated for an hour and twenty minutes before convicting
Felipe of all three class Amistam leaders. Judge Laura Zeman sentenced him to two years
on probation including 90 days in house arrest and imposed 425 thousand fines and court
costs and hopefully we'll get him some new shoes. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and
provides a wireless blind maybe it's just my allergies you know. I think that could be it
or acting up could be because like my eyes like watering it's gold or alias and my nose
is running is it spray. I think I got bad allergies. My WQAM allergies are really big.
Oh awful especially when I saw Maddie Bell in the whole waiting. Get out of here Maddie
a little I don't even want to call him dickhead and that would be a compliment. But there's
a good close friend Miguel okay he can come in and see us anytime get Maddie Bell out
of here okay step on him. Here's Sunrise hello. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing. I'm
doing good how about you sir. Oh I'm doing wonderful. I'm just sitting here putting
my leg on because all those chocolate shakes. Uh huh. Yeah. It'll do it every time.
You've got I got some old bowlers for you. Okay Ray Bluth. Ray Bluth yeah with the
big eyebrows. Bobby Canippel. And that don't know that one. Dave Davis. Yeah. And I got
one more thing about the neighborhoods. Having come from New York 20 some might years ago.
There is nothing that can kill a neighborhood faster than the Hussetek Jew. Well it's on
there they're doing pretty good they got 22 or 20 or 18 whatever it is. They ruined every
neighborhood and when they move out the blacks move in. Okay and that's why also in your
fast food places soon as the first black person was in the white people move out. In the
fast food joint. Sure. Are you serious? Sure. Especially my amy subs. Okay thanks for
the good news. Hi. See you. I'll see you at Subway. Orthodox Jews you didn't think that
belonged on the list this guy he has experience he knows what it would be all about. What
you create havoc and dissension and a full mint in the throw rocks and just create the
psychosis not to mention the aroma of course of the good. Well the ones out by me and Hollywood
are just fine. Wonderful. Yeah see what you're just sucking up because your accountant is
one of them you know that's why you're sucking up. Okay. Yeah I hope he gives you some
of that diet the hall of law. And then I hope he does. Yeah I hope he does. And then
you'll think Peter Lem is probably not so bad. Yeah man all your neighbors will be schmutz.
265 yeah without the M. 265 votes on our survey so far which is pretty heavy duty. Which group
of people to store in neighborhood the fastest. African Americans seem to be leading the list
with 101 that's pretty shocking. No. No. Redneck's 47 like trailer part. I don't want to
put trailer trash on it. That would have been bad. That would have been like putting
shfarts here on there instead of African Americans is like respectable you know at least it
sounds respectable. Redneck's 47 Puerto Ricans 25 Haitians 22 Orthodox Jews 19. Cubans
19 Jamaicans 18 Jamaicans 18. They got the good stuff. Month Mexican 7 see we finally got
a few Mexican people in there just to make you happy since you continue to to the loop
and nobody put Chinese on there. Of course I didn't put it on the other Chinese people
are wonderful. I don't know what kind of a delusory you must be doing a bad drug this
way. George couldn't find his regular supplier this week and he's a wants to apologize.
Why do you say those things about the Chinese because of all these things in addition to
which the West Coast is filled matches with Koreans and right and the Asian. The Vietnamese
right. Yeah and all of these things. Can now ones and whatever. Wow geez Mexican 7
Gays 5 and Nicaragua ones only 2 see any we'd have a very large Nicaragua population
down here. Yeah humongous. In fact we got according to this thing we saved here 105,000 and
that was some time ago and at the rate they multiply it's probably like a half a million
already and this article only like 2 weeks old so they must be nice neighbors so if any
Nicaragua's coming up on a new year say come on right in okay you know they might be
the ones responsible for bringing back the 79th Street neighborhood told drivers driving
by there the other day bringing back the 79th Street neighborhood. Are you out of
your mind? No by their just one by where. Remember the drive 2 and from work especially
82nd Street with all those old Florida houses. Yeah where that was all dilapidated for
like 5 blocks in a row all new paint all new. You're talking about east of this game Boulevard
east of this game on the mainland. Right but east of all repainting because when you say
79th Street it kind of lands it kinders up very a negative images. Remember how scummy it was
very like like around the I.N.S. building and like the what is it now the old pushy cat
theater right east and the playboy club all those houses in few years yes and the 8,000
club just north and north and east and get the honey sunny all repainted great all replanted
we love our not a rock one brown skin people must be them hmm maybe that kind of came
in yesterday from Atlantic City says maybe he was the carogel. Huh I didn't ask him well
we liked him because he's name is Tony we liked him a lot because he wasn't the Scott
this is 560 Q.A.L. I think it's God I love hang I'm having a gay affair with him. You're
homies you heard a snack well well now this crack well the new cookie with crack get it
right that crazy cookie of them bitch wants to pay to pay for a crack no crack well and
then double height and then show it or make you higher than a little folks and I'll make
you lose a lot of weight and people won't know you eat in crack well when they see that
skinny ass buddy of yours come on miss the crack well cookie man get in my mother's
fucking I paid for him you son of a bitch new crack well now sold on three corners
everywhere it's 1143 at 560 WQ I'm here's a almost incoherent facts oh I see this is one
of our chronic facts is this African American is too broad of a term I say blacks are the
problem there are too many different kinds of African American uh French British uh whatever
says peace love and Mary Jane leave the poor pot heads alone homeless people blacks and
crackers is what this person this look look at the writing homeless people blacks and crackers
here's what it says with respect to your headache you might want to check the air conditioning
filter at the station also I have a question is Hank Goldberg handsome that's why I paid
that bit I just played that thing that was funny son Chris I would say Hank's probably almost
this handsome as I am but not quite huh all of us almost this handsome is the lovely Miguel but not
quite a little bit younger probably a little harrier not too much see I've one thing about the
Chinese people boy they're smooth and heroless you know and the women too 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
on a AT&T and Verizon world far-hullis line here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah pretty good yeah
uh Georgia's right about a 79th street area yeah opening some nice restaurants around there and
stuff like that it's really good it's really good what they're doing but I caught that two comments
little Nicaragua yeah maybe we could bring back on our squeaks so she could say Nicaragua Nicaragua
I can't just every time I think of those days I just get goosebumps that I want to say something
like that both of us yes I think they're able is a nice boy very first street in the
area I live right there uh huh it's uh it's nice I mean definitely queen nothing in
August when they all start coming outside and then a woman starts walking through the year that's
that we're heavy to take you know and one more thing was that and then when they start rolling
their tits is you know yeah but I mean the neighborhood at least I should pop your values down which
is a huge problem yeah that's a good point which group of people destroy a neighborhood the
fact is some people aren't to understand there are some of the people are just looking for an
opportunity to express their disgust with some people in their bigotry well look at the way
they're wet you know yeah but as far as uh look at the way those riots in Seattle there were
all those nice white people yeah well that's different that's part of country obesity yeah yeah
I mean you got any other country in the world you never seen such a beast people like you do in the
US it's not really not questionable no question about it and you go like those these Chinese
buffets and stuff like that and that's the example of American society all these fat pigs or else
like the faces and going for seconds and thirds right I I feel like uh Ike about crane when I
go to the ammo coast in the Chinese buffet you know because I'm one of the skinniest people in there
and I'm a tub of crap have a great time I am I'm a fat tub of crap I love those people say oh
you're not so fat yeah people that saw me 20 years ago when I was a gigantic tub of crap they say
oh but you're not so yeah well compared to then you know big deal you're half the man you know
be like saying to fat boy oh you're not so fat we still a big gigantic tub of crap he's just
not as big of a tub of crap as he used to be he's still limping around with his hip fall
on his ankle you know because he's like a gigantic tub of crap he'll lose enough weight so it
doesn't hurt so bad anymore and then he'll put it all back on you think yes and then he'll die
well you'll buy two mister that is quick I guarantee you'll be done soon one of these days when
you least expected five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for eyes and wireless
line here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil yes sir you are smoking today I am I'm smoking a good
stuff maybe that's why my eyes are watering absolutely listen I have the I'm fortunate enough to
live out near where you are and I also do go to stake and shake and you're speaking about the
dart card employees there but I wanted to ask you you got the public out there at Sawgrass too you
saw that with the bag boys no the guys that are checking out I don't see any black bag boys
the public that is speaking a different language you got to be kidding me that are speaking a
different language absolutely I always wanted to call you about that but you're bringing they
bought some into that area sunrise they busted their black bag boys in my public absolutely never
so one never saw one but like I said I want to always ask you what because since you shop there
what language but you know they're from another country but the point is they bought some into that
area they must shove them all in the back when they see me coming in there because I never saw
I'm coming I'm in there like 10 times a week in that public so I practically live there absolutely
the bad one and some of the guys that are stocking yeah the same people who are working now when
you pull up to the drive-through it's taken shaking you look at I don't even see black people
shopping in my public you mean to tell me that they're black people in my public now well employees
employees employees yeah they're not shopping not yet but it's the same crew now they but better
it's taken shake if you look at the bus stop let me say it again two weeks ago with second
shake as you know it hasn't been open that long right two weeks ago I drove through there and it
was all like white people in that second shake including the drive-through now every time you go
through the drive-through the people working in the main part of the restaurant all because you
can see them through the window when you drive up to the end of the end of the back there at the
drive-through it's all dark folks what is that all about you walking the right
they make it up and you're white right in the front the managers white maybe the drive-through guy
but the people working in the back that they're all black well why is that they're good workers
they're it's been worked out with sunrise I thought they'd bust them in they don't live in that
area oh thank God for that well the thing is you know that they usually get out of it like they're
queen cut they're working hard they got the order right they were very polite yeah absolutely
that's why I think these are just as I said they're broadened because that area is so popular and
they need you know they're I'm just saying I think that it's a different type of black folk
working out there at sawdress yeah well thank God and also one more thing the orthodox Jews
take a look at what is that snowing load between out near your mother's house in 95
oh yeah the difference is they're not sitting out with a 40 in their hand they're walking sweat
and they're ass off with their tits in their face yeah with their tits is hanging out
absolutely okay be good now Zagazoon okay yeah they must save that for the backyard yeah
they're not a crate with 40 freaking out of a bag well you know when you get to a certain age
you got to be careful which bag you're drinking out of you know what I'm saying five six
haha well you know one straw fits all that's what they say in the condo one straw fits all
it's in the bag baby it's floating in there I get I guess I lost my appetite for my chocolate
malt now that was a good way to do it it looked like a chocolate malt
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and Verizon line for the good news is we're back to doing
probos so we just yeah I don't know what to deal is I feel like I'm on drugs today it must
been that I'm like I think somebody tinkled in my arm but I hope it was Miguel is he still in there
he leaves it is yeah I hope it was you sweetheart he takes shelter you could be in my arm
at any time you know it was amazing when I took him when he came brought that thing to the house
he and the Joe that big dude and again thank you very much for that bench for the guys that
made that and took it in my bedroom he says God I can't believe how shiny that thing is
I said yeah but what about the bench here's a mobile and four-water deal hello
well I am you know I commented them on his good eyesight yes sir good job George listen I have a
friend that's a Hollywood detective and he works at beach area yeah and he I have the biggest
complaint down there on the beach and he says it's like men exposing themselves so you know
if there's any place for you know to pick up some action I guess that's the place to go
either either out of the shoe store one of the other bad idea either okay the
one of your own short show and if you can find a shoe store in here the beach then you really got it
looked fine you know okay have a great day okay I think we're all into a heron I think now that
we're they're going to give the Nobel Peace Prize to Fidel I mean what the hell is that all about
God five six and you know something I don't even get aggravated anymore what's the point the whole
world is crazy anyway so what's and all you old toothless Cubans I know some of you are listening
I know you could easily get all bent out of shape about it again just forget about it okay just
consider it as part of the crazy world that's all yeah I mean if he was over there sucking the
Pope's ass wouldn't that in fact white Lauderdale's got a great exposite come up this weekend on
channel 10 yeah I don't want to you know tip it off on what it is but it has something to do with
the Pope and Fidel and eating ass so that that's what I'm going to tell you here's a mobile in Miami
hello Neil yes sir how you doing man pretty good good show as usual of course hey 20 guys
talking about this topic about the the dark folks and the brown folks and the yellow folks the
dark folks the brown folks the yellow folks and the pink folks and red folks and the white folks and
the other was I was at home in 99 jams called there's some survey yeah and they asked your kinds of
questions you know race type of music you listen to household income a meeting rate meeting
age and household things like that and the last question was how come you how come there aren't
many black people on TV really that was the last question the asker other than the Jefferson's
and good times no so I said that you could be having a channel where you played cops in America's
most wanted 24 hours a day yeah there you go that's good and they hung up on me or just San
Frid and some reruns would be good that was the last of it okay me go all right buddy keep it
straight have a good one you two five six seven oh I was going to ask him a question is you know
other than George is there any does he know any Hispanic people who are exclusively heterosexual
have a good poor for us to take one day next week don't let me forget I'll then George and Miguel
and I'm not too sure about Miguel five six seven oh hey give me a look give me a look sir
submitted my family I can vouch for I see I've heard the stories about when he goes out in the
van there kind of like sports with those of bags we got our audience ever those stories that's
just so they give him money yeah I think they have a word for that pasta tuta five six seven oh five
sixty oh two two pasta tuta five six seven oh five sixty rectum now you're getting close
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
this must start keep talking in English here okay we don't want to alienate our good trailer
park driving our white people which group of people destroy neighborhood the fastest
African Americans oven 17 redneck 53 Jesus Christ that's the whole Jerry Spinger audience
orthodox use 28 oh wait it's a reloading here Puerto Ricans 26 Haitians 25 Cubans 25
Jamaicans 20 Mexicans still stuck there at seven Gays five Nicaragua's two see that
everybody likes us fags in the Nicaragua you ought to kiss the ground when the fags move in your
neighborhood I'll tell you that just don't peek in the window seriously fags are looking well
in manners huh and even they just elected that fag in Oakland Park there he's gonna straighten
things out see the rest of the public starting to catch on when you have more
dispensable income until you meet matured when you have more dispensable income then you
can like keep your property up real nice huh isn't that a big part of it must be don't have a
whole bunch of pain in the ass kids they have to spend a clothes and feed and send off the
private school and college and stuff like that don't have all those expenses and you can have like
a whole bunch of Corvettes and things you know things like you seriously right right pay for other
people's cars sure I like that so maybe like this summer when that all stops I mean well I
know see I think what I'm gonna do I got a I want to be fair about this but like anybody else that I
know I don't want to mention any names since there's several on the list who have just kind of like
latched on to my paycheck it's just when we reach is when my minus when I get to a certain
minus point and at the you know at that point I suspend all other payments you know it's just
necessary you follow what I'm saying and then if the market should come back which you better
hope like hell at the then then we'll you know reconsider it we'll renegotiate
for minutes kill noon at 560 say better get a suck up in the broke camper it's all I can tell
this is 560 you weigh out a lot so you're so big chief I'm not a say this but you've got
bad breath I know Frank I've tried everything brushing, flossing even industrial strength mouthwash
here try some all new glycerine wow my breath sounds better already it sure does that's because
glycerine is a musical mouthwash substitute that goes to work immediately by making a pleasant cleansing
sound just open the top switch some glycerine around and at festering germ breeding ground you
call a mouth and listen to glycerine patented audio non-action go to work sure sounds fresh
too bad it doesn't smell that way
with your mind laughing in the other direction
so glycerine with the artificial sound of freshness to work on your bad breath today
another fine product from the glycerine to corporation and what a great segue in this
fax here from listener in Tampa who says his one fact another I thought you might enjoy this
what's the difference between love true love and just playing showing off spitting swallowing or
gargling not bad speaking of that I was thinking of myself you know this desperation to lose weight
you just have to stop eating you know when I was on a liquid protein you know I died many years
ago 26 years ago I was working with WJ in the most pumping lost 100 pounds in a year some of it
on acne some unskilled men but mostly on liquid protein oh it's a good thing he walked out because
I was thinking he was going to help me start to die 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 8th
tea what's wrong with that I do blushes shake vitamins he's good for you baby
when a doubt shake it out on speaker that here's another fact that says there's no way the
gaze should be on itlers now I put them on there just to prove a point but it says the greatest
way to get a neighborhood improved is to try and sell a few homes to some gay people all of us
on the homes are beautifully painted flowers and trees are planted in the property looks great
the great things about gays is they have the best sense of decorating love to keep the gardens
of the homes full of flowers and keep the neighborhood looking elegant like those beautiful pandas
they also don't mind moving into poor black areas since the blacks eventually sell their homes
to other gay couples oh is that is that true yes huh so others the schwarches when the facts start
moving in the schwarches start moving out yeah well they get a good price for their home oh I see
also going to give them a good price for their home that's true they have taken some run down
here is a fort waterdale and also off a busking boulevard downtown mine it's there to improve
the general appearance in the area I'm not gay but I could kiss these guys for the beauty
they bring in some areas that are dead and look like a garbage dump before and that so give
my big kiss but just watch where you stick it five six seven oh five sixty better fact if some of
these depressed neighborhoods were smart they would start advertising that they're gay friendly
where a fact friendly neighborhood uh-huh we won't stone you beat you burn you out of your house
do you mean like right around the crowbridge because the church of the church
that could sure use some work five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and
Verizon line here's Lake Worth hello yeah I'm in high alia here's high alia actually I live in high alia okay
I got a new category for you have a Latin red nicks yeah nicka roblings hundroons the Cubans all the
farmers that have come over here and just totally ruined my neighborhood uh-huh so anyway
hey I misspeed my airline southwest sucks and I travel in the software the software's really
suck I never heard anybody say anything bad about southwest before until this moment are you
sure have you ever flown them no oh it's a cowl call they don't go anywhere yeah well actually
a problem too and when you want to get somewhere from right here to LA you can make 14 stops yeah 14
stops horrible but I travel in the south a lot and I go to Mississippi and obviously go to
talking a lot I say two huge busloads of elderly people loading up the bus where do you think
you're from Miami Beach Miami Beach I was saying well no yeah that's even worse I felt like asking
well why don't you people vote for it next time the great grandparents are the people from
Sunrise are in St. Pete it's amazing absolutely amazing uh-huh well they like the bus ride that must
be it yeah but don't put it in our state right okay amigo all right see in the Mississippi not
I'm not gonna miss a city no five six seven oh five sixty oh and I forgot to read this promo
anymore and it's all over now thank goodness okay sorry class why don't I do a couple of times
that said the price was right leave me alone here's the mobile and Jupiter hello hello yes sir
yeah the way you're running the south pole you gotta you gotta do something different about it
all the votes for the slaughters and Cubans and everybody you gotta put all out in the category
with the Jews because what the Jews do is they live in the neighborhood still about 75 80 percent
ruined and they turn them over these other people so they look like the bad guys uh-huh yeah
you know you give the other people a break it's the Jews that ruined the places and the other people
want to just look bad yeah okay thanks sure by the way say hi to your friend from Finland
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon you might come to the
have no need yeah old Jews are what anything else I know you're finished say how to ockie berg while
you're at it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marla's line
see what this guy may have had a point by saying that Jews sell out to uh-shforches and that's true
that's true because Jews tend to be very liberal at least they used to and then they sell you know
the first they let the first black family in and now all of a sudden everybody else goes oh
more moving out and then of course before you know it everybody the hood is black that's why
they call it the hood and then you got some real problems because then it's payback time we're
gonna show you a finger too and then if you really get this pissed off we'll burn down our neighborhood
here's Dallas hello you know how you doing all right thank you for the internet oh man
couldn't live without it now good but I work for airline that has a couple of days on it and
I mean if you can just briefly tell me what have your experiences been on American airline not good
not far as as far as anything the only good thing I'll say about American airlines is if you
happen to be taking a flight at the right time of day and you're in first class and they give you
like a meal that the food is pretty good better than the other domestic carriers food is pretty damn
good but other than that I can't say anything good about America especially down here in Miami
because between the hand grenades and the drugs and the heroin and all the other stuff it's a
nightmare and in addition to which the part of the airport in Miami International that they fly out
of it's like the banana boat part of the airport yeah that's one of the they call it the banana boat
terminal that's one of the things I'm you know since I've lived in Miami now I'm out here now I'm kind
of I've looked at a lot of what the company does here and the terminals that they're gonna be building
in Miami is actually gonna be very beautiful I think it's gonna change a lot of people's opinions on
Miami it's gonna be about $20 billion over budget but it will be nice well you know the mayor
needs some although I'm thinking I bet they're looking like they're gonna build a stadium down there
boy oh boy the construction people are just salivating their rubbing their hands and their
glands together just waiting to get all the graph from that yeah but you know I would like to try
to get to a try to recombate you on maybe one of your tribes trips to Toronto how to do fly
fly first for business how what how often do you fly first for business I always fly first
to business I wouldn't fly coach again I mean when you got at least I used to have the big bucks when
you have a few bucks then why would you want to fly like a sardine exactly my point that that's
what I that's what I do you like I might go and hold on the line I can try to make you a proposition
on the trip for one of your next trips to Toronto okay great hang on okay thanks a lot okay on line
nine there take that guy's info there maybe I can give me a little freebie out there yes you
going around again sure why not most of you would like to have in a bank right now the money I've
wasted on airlines the last ten years take care of the guys info they're online please
I think it's because it's a hundred degrees below zero in here that might have something to do with
it my allergies act on it so I didn't call the George footage jacket on this is like a crazy
place in here my dem champion light sugar free refresh in my glass starting to turn into God
they're into a hockey rink you know and I should mention this in case there's anybody from the
organization since I know to least will be in tongue because they lost to a girls team in Tampa
last night nice go on guys nice go on Marie healy you suck but since they are playing here tomorrow
night and I will be at that game that'll be the only one I'll be at the rest of the year I should
mention we don't expect anybody talking about hockey down here and don't don't start confusing
those black rats you saw back in that year a hundred years ago been thrown there's nobody down here
interested that you know if it's uh... and then the global penguin game and they see a sellout all
you know this is a great hockey time up two sellouts in two years not too good no
you can't complain about the knowledge of the interest down here because it is none
existent and I still think that the guy that we give the tickets to the other day I think he
was reading those names off a list of maybe the internet or got a roster somewhere I believe that
he wouldn't the dorsi tucker from mother uh... shmucker i'm telling you
hey attention brood county softwaters premier computer training facility fast train is
expanded west broward with a grand opening of their new location in prestige is terriboc pines
now three convenient locate and by the way should mention Todd record your major assholes you know
take a take a look at this no name no date no nothing and don't come in here using our scale anymore
start charging five bucks a pop time to record can't stand you you're not fooling anybody
i don't know how to talk little boy
this brings a tape right here it's true no you can hear it
when you're sure we offer you start talking about the mingales ass
death comedy jam records brings the best of death comedy jammed the video it's six hours
of undeciferable comedy on three video tapes you'll get classic comedy like
so this month comes out to me and says what the f**k is that month uh...
not show them the month uh... door buses all over the month uh...
and i tell the bitch to stop a month yeah but i take the month holds the shove it up a
month uh...
angel also gets a classic suck my yeah this month it showed me the bill
i tell them like suck my uh...
death comedy jam a month for any other video collected
get company jam for mf is an adjective
dot fifteen at five sixty years of fact is as beasley stock is over fifteen
start selling out like that how's that possible
everything else is growing in the tank
i'm not going to get back on that topic and okay because i want i could say about
them you people are the gambling channel you suck your bunch of crazy people
and one day they're talking about all the banks and the financials and the
advertising and it's all great and the next day all it's going to be terrible
and businesses down in their everybody so on that you you haven't got a clue you
people on the gambling channel there was in one person on there that's got any
freaking idea what they're talking about not one
so if you want to watch it for like entertainment and a dog in a pony show just
keep that in mind but not for like any guidance on what to do with your money
please
will give you a rimmer psychic investment hotline number before we start doing that
so i'm having my car solutions bar here my only two car bar that's my lunch
yeah i think i'm going to go on these because i just got to stop eating that's
all i was to it no more food baby no more no more this year
four-letter mail hello hello yes sir
the ill-fragist speaking i want to tell you something go ahead here is
very very few people that i would wait on a phone twenty five minutes to talk
yeah i'll tell you why i'm telling you one time from the radio television
industry on a major major level uh-huh i can relate to what you do
and i take my hand off to you yes sir and you should and i want to know
what party after sundown please but i want to ask you a question by the way when i say
every time i now have a second career very unexpectedly i've finally
to it uh i organized legally an organization a little over three years ago and i'll
mention any names it's not necessary now it's not necessary uh this organization we're very very
concerned as to what is being done to children and families in our community
and the main one of the main culprits there are a number of them and they all work together
unfortunately why they do it's like god call them all together and say this is what you're
going to have to do together but they do it and we are determined that we're going to see if we
can put a stop to it we have put a stop to what the the terrible things that have been done to
children and families there is no level playing field down here as a matter of fact
even throughout the state of florida is no level playing field that is accorded to children and families
it's just know that the children don't count because they don't vote yeah this is this great
so what do you got to do for them sir what are you saying well my organization what we do is
we are going to come back this problem we do it now we have some very very by doing what sir by
doing what please don't ever tell me what we do is we bring it to the attention of the public
we go into the courts uh we are active in the court system that's the nation system
in the health force to care the adoption of the five major areas yes sir and we we address all those
areas to help these children and families we're nonprofit boundary organization right now
what I'm telling you to you why are you telling me that you must be reading my mind that was
going to be my next question but you're fairly get out of me because you're a smart man yes I am
I waited 25 minutes of talking to you I want to know I want to know would you be interested
I can't tell you what he is and I won't tell you what he is now if I drop you a note uh-huh
as to in more details to what we do because we need all the help that we can get from reliable people
in our community all I hope doing what what can I do for you bring to the attention uh to the
public as to what is going on this city is probably that exists now I speak to the governor who's
not a political friend of mine uh-huh but he's an old friend of mine yeah he's an athlete what he's
a tight ass tell me about it yeah uh as well as uh the secretary of the department of chairman of
families yeah who should ever point it and don't forget the attorney general who's even a bigger
asshole well I tell you fortunately a lot for us he's depending on how you look at it yeah I know
all these people my graciousness of the way that we believe in doing now these people obviously
you and I will wear all politicians uh-huh and that's the bottom line up here some spinners
come on George I don't know I don't know what they will do what they would also but I say this
games people play sounds like to me people beginning to talk to us now that that our friend
Jeff could be maybe a one-finger head my nose my eyes are you going off the air I'm going
off the air you're going off the air this calls what did it then going off the air
shame you see by the way once one suggestion want to make you real quick because my
time's right now very quickly when you're in the end of the phone I suggest that you're
that mine that he tell the person waiting on the phone he has ex-semane of colors before him
no okay what now what they have any idea what he just said no but he's very important
oh very good that was excellent thank you for the good talk up sir and good luck to you whatever
you whatever you're talking about he said something about the governor he's an answer yeah we
already knew that here's the fact it says nothing ruins the neighborhood in the city faster than
one six-year-old orphan and his distant Miami relatives how can you say that about Elantito what
else wrong with you baby and I sure hope I'm going to pray right now Hail Mary Holy Mother of God
blessed our top monks women and blessed are all those fruits I'm praying right now that he's
getting that happy meal and that doesn't have no foot and mouth or hoof and mouth or mad
disease yeah I got a fact this morning from a guy from one of our lawyer friends is a regular
chronic fact you're a good guy says he thinks that Jeff Rimmer's got a hoof and mouth and foot and
mouth I told you that the other day didn't believe me oh I forgot to mention about my stuff here
from Rocky Raisin canis musmatsu a rocky raisin or rocky raccoon there's old rocky with some very
nice Asian lady which one's in on the right in the middle and rocky raisin was a school
teacher in his town for 32 years used to be against them I show him WKT way back when great guy
loved by the students was a creative teacher got the kids interested in science in this and it was
great and now he's like all over the place he's still a publicity on but he's a great guy love
you rocky thanks for the goodness glad you're doing well your friend who was just on the phone
called back my best friend yeah what happened to get cut off yeah he wasn't done he was he's done
he's done just like a crispy steak well done thanks a lot rocky investor luck you sir you're done
sir quit foreign us okay you old fart how was he ton and I love the way he starts the call by
he used to be very important he was okay great were are we impressed no god used to be easy
yeah right could smell the toe jam coming through the phone there god five six seven oh five
fifty plenty of openings here and then he's mentioned about the fact he had a weight so long he's
not going anywhere mobile in four mobile in four lottery hello hey no I have never heard
somebody talk so long and say absolutely nothing yeah what the hell was he saying I have no idea he's
got the important doing but we don't know what it is yeah Southwest Airlines Southwest Airlines is okay
for a guy like me regular Joe doesn't have big bucks to spend flying they've got cheap flights
in a million of them uh-huh and I understand you can fly from here to Tampa to only six stops
uh here to Tampa the one stopper but I got so in the bathroom and I think that's a three stopper
but it's cheap it's like a hundred and sixty nine bucks round trip to go to you know Massachusetts
or I've flown them quite a few times they have a pretty good credit card deal every time you spend
the thousand bucks on their credit card you get a flight credit and every sixteen flight credit you
get a free flight what was that other guy talking about that it was uh-offal and it's a cattle
call yeah I guess I'm sick because they don't have like reserved seats that's what it is it's like
value chain used to be and also the value they used to be well I don't sound too promising well not
not in the fact that they're going to wreck but just there's a lot of people on the plane it's not
like not because the two witnesses they have like a clown outfit on like like the fool fighters
not quite that bad they're pretty funny though actually the uh-huh the flight attendant for hilarious
their crack a joke so oh that's great that's I always love that when the flight attendants are
laughing and fukin and playing grab ash you know and a plane start like diving and shaking and listen
they're always on time uh-huh they're I've never I've flown them probably 25 times and never been
delayed or late they always are on time mm-hmm they don't have a first class so they
I love the way that the congress they keep having these hearings and they keep threatening them and
you have never you've got to serve the public and you will do it yeah I'll hold in my breath you know
they they always talk a big game and make a lot of noise they don't do a goddamn thing to them
aren't they the ones that want to deregulate everything anyway they already did that's why we got
the problems exactly they got themselves to blame California power outages the problem example
that's right hey gays moving into your neighborhood yeah nothing could be better not that's what I
say I bought my house and and a gay couple bought the house across the street from us a month
earlier we moved in I looked at my wife I said then then you did do some work on that house
within three months people were stopping on our street staring in our house right or excuse me at
their house they should probably should have closed the blinds no I mean they're just their house
is beautiful exactly what you said three flowers P if you want to make a good real estate investment
find out where the gay people are moving and you'll make big bucks there you go that's why they put
those real right railroad tracks in the grove that's it I'm a great pal I love you buddy take care
and you two so he says stop was pretty damn good so only 14 stops from here to like a serosoto
that's not bad it's a little bumpy sometimes on the highway five six seven where it was wheels five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines yeah I know I know
that when you got a few bucks that right away you can be a little more choosy not flying in coach
not taking with you know with it people say to me well you know when you fly to Amsterdam all
these times you like how many stops there are no stops non-stop you stopping like Bermuda yeah Bermuda
on the triangle we know no stops I remember when I did that frugian scar a couple of times
with that Bob Lincoln the friend whatever that guy's name was that Brit that silly ass Brit
who continued proving to be on the shadow of it out that the Brits are full of Schmidt
see it's interesting because it turned out that the guy named House of Windsor the real name was
Battenberg and the people in Britain whose name is I gotta be careful now what is it oh yeah a lot
of people their name should be Schmidt yeah there's that German connection again because they're
full of it the silly ass Brits yeah Virgin scare that's another one with Mike Myers you know Austin
Powers painted on the side of the plane be very nervous about airlines that have too much comedy you
know just like Bill Troyd playing too much comedy with that young girl the same thing brains are going
on saw his voice is getting hard is that his heart isn't getting hard and so is his
26 afternoon at both sides afternoon at 560 WTQAM by the way Duane Sutter the new coach understand
he's an asshole too when I'm here makes Terry Murray look good that's the room that it's going
around now I think Denise Pope and starting a room here probably wants his job
oh my god look at that good morning as I begin I want to overcharge American taxpayers my top
priority is cause billion dollars of damage my plan reduces new businesses new jobs and new growth
at a time when we need all three and on your behalf I am asking for two trillion dollars of debt
over the next decade future generations should pay back money that we have borrowed we owe this
to our children and grandchildren and now I hope you'll send a message in favor of death to
your congressman or your senator thank you for listening for 32 at 560 WTQAM the factors just
like I've told it are just like the colors and once you human them a little bit and read one
like this rabbi Hirschberg hey rabbi Hirschberg Coxa Hoyes okay and quilt wasted my facts paper
he was the one to work the facts about the gays movie in the neighborhood that was okay in
whatever but now now all of a sudden because I read them out on the air now he's chronic here's
another one attempt to be a humorist maybe you want read this on the air have been listening
to your show for several years you keep George putting towards now for his eating and George
GEO for the G for his eating ass etc but after listening to his comments during your show we've
come to the conclusion he's very well read an educated person he has a vast animal knowledge
of many subject and as well aware what's happening in this city if he traveled to Europe he would be
if
if
if they don't stop the drill and I'm I'm I'm going to put on a tape
do you want to say why why is there always in the middle of this show why does this crap always
have to go on like wet under my ass right behind the door right around the walls right during this show
cut the crap you asshole if he traveled to Europe he would be able to have a mobile
round of viewpoint of world matters please give him a little more credit we love him thanks
signed Georgia's father see I think Georgia's father if he were around here you probably know
how to spell his name he's an LA actually in an Asian neighborhood exactly he's out there that
see that's why you had that thing about those aliens now I would agree with you the destroyed
Los Angeles but those are mostly of yet enemies and Korean yes Japanese that but they're not
destroying the neighborhoods oh what happened on the phone here all of a sudden I mean I'm
having my allergies today but maybe the audience is too here's our last call mobile in Miami Beach hello
Danielle what's up yes sir not much hey I want to answer Dan last year buddy I had a great time
did a lot of blow on bang a lot of horse we're more than one of vacation huh Neil uh-huh
so check this out I'm I'm visiting from Cleveland okay uh-huh and I asked around I'm sorry what is
yeah I'm visiting for Cleveland I asked around the hotel you know where can I go and stuff so
where can you go for what well just have a good time of course blowing hoards yeah so well I'm
not just have a good time and they said you got to do the happy hour once a night at the forge
happy hour at the forge yeah yeah I'm good looking women good looking guys whatever year you know
what you're into yeah go there so I went and uh and sure enough there was a lot of good looking
women we're looking guys yeah so I start drinking I hooked up with this woman we we had drinks
had dinner uh-huh she's in March guys almost got rid of that old guy with his uh whatever he was
talking about what is it she's in marketing supposedly some magazine I don't know ocean
drive or something like that uh-huh she works for ocean drive magazines marketing so so we we had
some drinks and dinner and then she took me out to another place and is there is there an end
of the story sir is this gonna be as excel like I said is good is that one that old guy that
was on for about a half an hour the end is what is the answer I was finally able to banger but I
spent like eight hundred dollars and from now and I'm just gonna go to answer them you know yeah for
that kind of money I could bang 16 hard that's right okay well glad you're learning pal and go
back to Cleveland okay we can't stand you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT
and T and Verizon wireless line yet there's something in this room now all of a sudden because I
came in this morning feeling extraordinarily well looking chipper and beautiful and now it's like
uh got like a style in my eye and it's uh I had to turn it down was about 20 below zero in here
Celsius huh well you thought the Cox people were cheap yeah cleaning oh that's right
so I forgot about the fact you know that the sick building syndrome because we already know about
the elevator and about the schmutz and about the seventy five cents here's plants they got out
there and I may believe lobby so you can just imagine what it looks like in events in this joint
the receptionists take bets on when people get into the elevator yeah whether it's gonna go
up or down in and out and how fast here's a mobile and coconut creek hello yeah I know yes
sir yeah I'm talking about the uh the neighborhood uh good in bulk and the Jewish folks drove me
out of the other people they used to come through my neighborhood and on a sad day
if I want to my mother it's not looking at me uh huh so when I did I wore shorts and let my nut
hang out oh that's a good idea well then I was good and then right after that you know it's okay
then you go to the shoestor and yeah no I moved out so I I want to have been coconut creek and I
want to go to the family there with the knife uh huh so they go from there and five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marathon we got four hundred and one votes on
our survey which group of people this store I never heard the fastest African Americans seem to
be running away with it of course we do know they they run fast uh 158 almost 40 percent say you
dark folks uh the store the hood uh fast real quick redneck 68 trailer park trash that's uh
six seventeen percent orthodox Jews oh thirty five eight point seven percent they're busy laying to
fill in Haitians thirty five tied with the orthodox Jews Cubans 29 Reicans 27 Jamaicans amazingly
25 Mexicans 12 Gays only six and Nicaragua and six so let's get a gay Nicaragua to move in there
out than you then you're safe yeah maybe all the Nicaragua you're talking about on biscuit
there maybe they're like all nutty cornies could be yeah looks like families though what we're
driving through oh yeah well yeah put on a good show five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T I know a lot of people like that you know here's a mobile and sunrise hello
hey Neil how you doing pretty good listen uh from your experience I find that nobody can
recognize but as good as your local moly yeah now they are just really bad you know they don't
give it damn at all they don't give it damn about one I'm not keeping the neighbors clean you know
there is white trash too but the moly's I forget it uh that's all I really want to say okay I'll
get the sawgrass more sawgrass more yeah that's what I shouldn't five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line pretty a crappy crown here all of a sudden
getting real quiet had a dynamite week on this end I'll tell you that this show has been
smoking this week smoking the good stuff now I'm finding this it's good thing it's Friday and it's
a good thing I'm getting out of here in a few days to go on vacation very very soon that's why
you better call today because pretty soon George will be on there with Joe Castello talking about
eating white water dales ass so if that offends you anything like that then that's where it goes
of course during those shows I want to keep you know keep one thing in mind break hate you
this is five sixty Q.A.L. Friday you first day
very good coming down to seven oh fun same pate say a great day finally hey you rich
holla crusty USA what's the corner what's this my here this guy and valley who has a bunch of
squares again this year who say that Irish to oh god loves the a wish and let's
this course your gay if you are you won't be marching upon same pate say you can be a bum
a f**k if the stomach's short and that's okay but you can't be a you should be a
not the other type of ironian both eminence is great I've delivered this pronouncement upon
the blessed day sure a little bit of heaven fall and nestled in the sea
much a gone straight to hell for homo sexuality oh god loves the a wish you can't support
the gayers that will live the announcement of the fact that in the face you can be a conum
up the adon god loves you anyway such a can't be a you should be a no oh l e s b a a and and
and as well as the end choose another women part I made with who development can never get
at it with l e s p a a and and as we say oh it's a shame that the game wants to come out and march
with us loves the end no way but you're just as carnival proud he sure to such a straight
the poils like the Kennedy the basic country great we don't allow no p to pattern the wedding of the green
and when we say up the a wish boy is that what we mean oh god loves the a wish as long as men
are men it's a perhaps a different kind we've never been sure of them you can be seen in drunken
herl and junks will let it all away but you can't be a you should be a no oh you can't be a you should be
no don't even try a b in a you should be a you love 45 how's cardinal card you name
I talked him lately oh 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line we got Jim mad dog man
it's right coming along for Hank it too y'all the on game right at six from the hard rock cafe seven
o'clock it's Panther preview Panthers against uh Mirro and y'all are younger and the Marty Strocka
what do you say Marty Strocka yeah I talked to that McLean yesterday at home as a matter of fact
I said hey I was Marty doing don't take a round with Ray Winnie the way you'd dig through out of Marty Strocka
and anyway uh it looks like a sellout tonight because Mirro is in town not because anybody wants to see the
Panthers or Duane Sutter oh god and indicate after the honking in tonight that's the agenda
here's Miami hello
oh
is the only thing that doesn't blow on the radio
thanks for everything Neil
that was lovely my butt just said we'll play for you here
so
they don't want to buy the image of mufkmann and his more talk to me about the
ncw basketball what is that child thinking about got
get a get a life get serious
here's a mobile in western hello
hey i don't know pretty good
i don't know if i get out
difficult people are you still in sunrise and for this like old people i don't
know if that's a class or not
you know that i don't know if i can mention the root and i'm trying to get you know
but they don't we're not talking about that they don't destroy the neighborhood
well that's a property value is what i don't know
i don't know if they destroy your life but that's another pool yeah
i got you okay well i just you know i just you know it's making out of certain
cuts people though just uh... you know being older than you know old jews that's
right
okay sure i'm sure i'm a great day sir
i eat it
old jews will destroy your life
your neighborhood though they take good care
and they'll take good care of your stuff too even if you don't want them to
that's right those different those in it
they'll take your good care of your mail
after they sort through it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty the word yenta does word yenta come
to mind
the fact we're gonna be singing that song and he wanted to our amayenta
telebenda umayenta telebenda remember that
sure
whatever that means
and let's not start with i've juteauk okay you said yesterday we're gonna
start pandering the glory and you better get with it okay
here's a mobile and delray beach hello
yes i knew yes sir
i know i have a a catchable mind i have this to be an old producer and old
friend yours
there's one cable
once cable he used to work with you at w n w n never heard of
never heard of them now he's to work with you many years ago
we said again i never heard of anybody about that name trust me
unless you would buy a new
by way you know i heard uh... please me is telling you station uh-huh
i forget about eight bucks uh-huh
uh-huh
okay see in the park this weekend trailer five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless live
wow maybe that's why redneck is the number of second place uh-huh closing in
here's a mobile and highly hello
hello yes sir how's it going i just want to say that i love your show uh-huh
long time listener and i just got a friend of mine hooked on your show and
i'm dying for him to hear the one about laddie and the bad pipes are
they're done there's the chance you could all play it you're dying for it
yeah i'm dying for it man i bet he's done for it
okay glad you got it thank you i don't know if i can ask the care meters now
okay okay go wash it off please
hi there for you guys
today we've got a very extra special friend
stopping by show us all about something special
oh
come on in the park man
are you laddie hey brought by something i wanted to show you
i wonder what it is it looks like looks like a
octopus that's my bag boy
what's your bag hey oh what can i touch it
sure go ahead oh run your hands
thanks that's fine hey like velvet hey what's this right here that is my blowpipe
what do you do with the blowpipe you blow it lad
you blow hey you put your mouth around it and your blow
oh okay can i do that okay would you like to blow my pipe laddie
oh can i sure go ahead okay come on laddie
you got to put your mouth around it laddie
the friend is not gonna break all right like like this
hey that's a boy
stick around the way down yet throw that
it's bigger hey it means you're doing it right
what's this over here let's meet shandas
what do we do with that what do you do with that laddie is you put your both hands
on it you cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick
oh hey run your hands up and down it there now what you want to do laddie
if you want to blow on the pipe you want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle
and then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick
all together all at the same time okay here here we go
uh good laddie
hey that's good laddie
sure
hey good laddie
keep more no harder laddie
other squeeze the bag
please more
let's run your hands up and down the shaft
quick faster run your hands up and down
faster he's gone
he's gone
oh
he's been doing it all day
oh
after the kids you need breath maybe you know that jerk two calls ago i think uh
the worst thing that needed was build up our hopes eight look i think you had the right asking price
but for all they were praying we got our fingers and legs crossed okay pal they're going to sell
this place feel like a real broadcasting company or somebody even a close-fac
simply would be good or someone who'd like to be yeah somebody who would like a
spider to be as opposed to being just like in a sandbox
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
mobile in Miami hello
hello Neil yes sir hey listen Neil uh i was listening to the worst team this morning
and it's it's kind of peculiar you just brought uh
struck up and they were saying that when he was here all he did was gait
skate skate and they were finished skating
full crap that's a crocker crap
yeah that's what they were saying
full of crocker crap i guess they forgot the great year that we had when we went to the playoffs
when they got him and ratio put it at the same time and he was a big factor when the panthers
haven't had big year that year and go to the finals these people in the morning they wouldn't
know i got they have a hockey puck if you stuck it up guilty's ass i agree with it yeah i
was that little whining little pregnant that's what it was right saying that cross
but he doesn't ask sucker anyway you know well we got the basic elements we got the core yeah
right i got your core over here guilty you little ass sucker and then closing
i think he's gonna be loped with my caruso's with the bervahier and moving him or rumble up top
and closing can you play a bit of uh john rocker
by the Haitians john rocker yeah that that uh the picture for the brave who the hell is that
hello mr rocker how you doing acuia boy excuse me first up so we will do the row shotgun test
they love when you roll your tongue like that all your boyfriends uh excuse me that
bye i got i got a row shotgun test is uh in bladts as they say in english and i will show you
these in bladts and you will tell me the first thing that pukens your mind yeah yeah yeah yeah
come on okay okay what do you think this is almost and this let's go
okay and this one infected Haitian all right how about this
i'm about to be down time riding the baloney pony
interesting well let's move along shall we let's try some word association
i'll say word and you tell me the first thing that pops into your head
hey no mr rocker we haven't started yet
here we go dog heinous cat microwave the color blue
where uh you know john why don't we try waiting a moment before you respond jerk
mr rocker i only wish to be your friend yeah well you got me on this couch doc you mom
what you fight boy john i'm a mad sure yeah what's your wife's name Chuck
no actually it's gladis yeah you're gladis today and out that you're a bag boy come out of here
why are you ready that that running john john are you a wild thing do you make my heart sing
i guess i talk a lot of our listeners the accent kind of like comes and goes five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and provides the wireless line yeah comes and goes
and the accent too oh here the drill are starting again down there and i have to crank that drill
up crank up that's got a goddamn thing you got going sounds like you really locked into the middle
of a dental officer like uh god this is a this is a crazy place right here in the middle of day time
they got some guy doing a construction and drilling and sawing and hacking and tuking and banging and
popping yeah go off there see who now it is some kind of a goddamn moron it's probably Maddie
Bell he's probably drilling it oh see no but for maybe some of these back there drilling screw in
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
but heads it's a one to two hour
when it's time to make some change and he's forever oh right he's so cheap it drives you in
say and he's forever when he sees the jack coming he'll start to run for a creep in he'll start
on him like a monster small he'll just pause it it can say he'll phone number if he wants a juicy
day he knows the time is cover
he knows that it's free bring your panties forever gossies the cheese
when it's time to make some change and he's forever make sure your pockets are today and he's forever
you spend the fortune's lepid this guy around make sure that your wallet is upside down
if you say that you can't say and Jeff will father but he'll see your friend all day for
a thousand sixty dollars so if you want this guy to go out with you two we bring your panties forever gossies your
dreams
you
don't worry about it
you just go get your panties and you'll be right there
it's inside
and don't be back and go in
your panties forever gossies
and so cheap
you know my friend my friend you're my friend so you don't get out of here with us
not that you have to stop not that you have to stop
quickly instead just suck all
so anyway you know fat boy remember the nice meeting we had with a client yesterday and here after
the show very nice guy very nice guy great clients been on for us for years so fat boy sends Miguel in
here and of course I can see that he would send somebody else in here with it because he wouldn't
bring in it takes the same fact sheet that the guy handed me yesterday and just retipes it
double space remember all the information that we talked about and all the stuff that a real sales
person would have taken notes and put all those things like copy points so that I have something to talk
about takes the exact same thing word for word and retipes it's why give it to Miguel I had to
stick it up Jeff high's ass okay and a copy to Miguel man you fat piece of turd you lazy lazy
no count shifless piece of slime do a little bit of work okay do a little something
good what oh no comment no comment it's almost at the end here's pompato beach oh
and you know I think misery must love company because the people upstairs here the blue hairs
they tied me nuts yeah they pound on the walls wow they try to step across their tire floor
oh okay well listen I'm glad you have a good time five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T and Verizon line are pulled today which group of people the store neighborhood
the fastest four hundred sixty one votes already an African Americans are leading the way with
a hundred eighty seven how do you like that almost over forty percent forty percent say you darkies
out there you smokies you ruin the hood like fast as faster and you can say ancho mama
right next seventy six trailer trash that come in second so far orthodox use a distance thirty forty one
Haitian thirty eight cubans thirty three Jamaicans believe it or not
thirty tied with weekends with thirty or Jamaicans got much better weed than the weekends
mexican thirteen gains with seven but just like Celots will understand the good will be a knife
and the Nicaraguan six see Nicaraguan's engaged they're the good people they're the ones you want
moving in your hood immediately okay no well the gaze what's wrong Nicaraguan's obviously
there's not enough of them for the people to get the accurate picture although I think you just
got your tell me that they're you know you talk out of every side of your ass well some other guy
called a copy of that you're five percent people that was like totally unacceptable the one to
your name I mean yeah what do you before you were talking about what a great job they know what
those were yeah maybe I said maybe those and they're not Nicaraguan but every everybody that I
hear asked Miguel and he'll tell you nothing Nicaraguan Nicaraguan yeah he does okay he said they're
real friendly and they got a big ass his roommate's Nicaraguan and they're like he said he's
roommate real friendly got a big ass that's what he that's what he just said back to him yeah so
what's wrong with that you're just jealous of Miguel oh five six seveners that mean five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T so did you get that fact of fat boy and what did he say
why he's not there unacceptable man lazy shifless fat piece of turd Jeff high he was a lazy big fat
no count piece of turd at i.o.d and he's a bigger lazy or fat piece of turd here at q.a.m.
were you about to say liar and then you stop and liar and game player and slider a player and
whatever else you fill in the goddamn word foony balloony how's that deli come and Jeff high
dot comes anywhere and spends time spent a half an hour with us yesterday a super guy a great client
and this guy he'll flush it down the toilet just like just like Todd directed with a color
in their count you can smell ourselves the problem destroying a good account you can smell it right
in the beginning and this is one I've had on the air for like a hundred years but you'll see he'll
kill it he's got the touch of death fat boy that's why scurrying back there like him so much that's
why he's still here shameless shameless shameless shameless piece of turd you like you're full in an
old bag like me by taking and just having somebody retiped the same piece of crap piece of
copy that's what we want copy in a fact sheet fat boy you slime ball low-rife and by the way we'll
see in high alia you will I won't here's Fort Lauderdale hello hello yes sir pretty good pretty good
pretty good I got a vote for one I've heard it for the federal Indians neighborhood it's
uh... we're not sure about the term by good looks pretty rough back there it looks rough back
there I don't know the Indians are right by mommy's house there on uh... stilling road they seem
to be okay I mean you know those cigarettes cigarettes with the warms in there a little bit tough
but you could see all the term like all the garbage and really oh it's bad but we probably shouldn't
talk about it so but that's why not because they've been victimized no obviously I was just about
to say that the blacks and the Indians two groups that have been you know the picked on now they're
getting even with the right man yeah that's it's bad yeah that's just gambling that's there you go okay
let me enjoy the neighborhood until that guy out there to quit drilling on a goddamn wall you any
it you more out we're doing a try to do a radio show in here or at least pretend to be doing one
and you're drilling a knock it and can't get in carrying out like some kind of a maniac what kind
of a nut house is this what is that right regular copy he does this afternoon that came from the agency
those are just the copy points just ages copy points regular copy yeah so where is it where is it fat boy
where is it fat boy is that fat boy yeah where is it fat boy get with it and by the man McGill ain't no
messenger boy okay he stayed hell away from McGill he's not you're lucky he's not your house
nigger okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 and T
where the hell is moth is moth out the lunch is he out to another three hour lunch today moth
well it's Friday I mean somebody's got to get a hold of this construction asshole here and tell him
to cut the crap cut the crap you idiot man just like why the danger fielder we can't get no
god damn respect just like you reach her nine minutes after one and five sixty two maybe like
you said a couple dozen roses to Jeff high are friendly sales guy maybe put something in there
like maybe La Bamba Una Bamba this is your boy on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf they
don't come any better than Neil Rocker Michael fell down it's your decretion plate and he made
a mess of all this hand Michael fell down it's time to fun again and it made a mess of all this
plan Michael fell down when you got up again he made a b-line for the lake Michael fell down
that person they are man it was a livers sake and make
Michael is my ever boy
who was there in the game of balls he can't play basketball he can't play baseball he can't play
who's ball he can't play racquetball he killed a big daddy look like he was on crack now the
people say that it was a Michael fell down he killed a cousin plate and he made a mess of all this hand
Michael fell down it's not a party game and it made a mess of all this plan Michael fell down
when you got up again he made a b-line for the lake Michael fell down
and it was a day of mess it was a livers sake and make
one four key what does happen to my monitor are you doing that while that bit was planned
I'm doing something to the monitor wow listen to that now
if the audience wonders what the hell is going on here your guess is good as mine we got a
drill and go we got some kind of a runaway mechanic into place a hacksaw murderer in here a lunatic
there he goes that's it crank it up good sweetheart when it doubt drill it out
it's it's right under this room right directly below if mad dog's listen turn him on to go home
you'll be sorry this little girl walks over to her grandmother and she can you show me a magic trick
no dear but I think your grandfather knows one so the little girl walks over to grandpa and
ask hey grandpa granny says you know some magic tricks could you show me one
grandpa looks at her it says sure honey just hop on my lap so the little girl jumps on his lap
he says now can you feel a finger poking your butt she says yeah I do he says well look honey no hands
that's kind of cute nice going grandpa for no fart like you five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line here's a call in Gainesville hello hello
yes how are you okay uh christy couple of things one I don't know if you got any reports on this
but no when Napster was going on when Napster was in his glory there were people who were putting
bits of use from the old TV show yeah and I got a I downloaded something of you and the third
you were talking there was like the godfather music playing in the background and you were
talking like an avoid talking about my land ski and the archbishop with the blonde here the blonde
hit altar boys and stuff and it was a thing for when you were on TV with Neil at night talking
about masturbation so you're all over Napster yeah I know that I was very impressed that's why
we couldn't sell a lot of CDs for a plant here because they were all downloading from Napster and
making the boarding copies and they're stealing our stuff yeah I think that drilling I'm 300 miles
away I can get drilling they can hear the drilling in Gainesville how do you like that that's how
loud it is you jackass down there on the second floor where the hell you are in between the
goddamn beams I don't think I's any elevator embrace a leg Neil around here if you get away from
the campus in one direction it's all redneck in one direction it's all black in one direction it's
all yepy yeah I like to stay in this one you know which way you want to go uh this is and uh
we have lots of staking shake up here the chocolate shakes are with the with the cherry and the whipped
cream around that's where it's at the chocolate shake and a triple stake now let me ask you the
people the people are working the drive-through when you're staking shakes up there they have any white
people oh almost entirely there you go I'm going to Gainesville you can stay in my place Neil okay
pal see you okay get you get your JP ready prime them up and give them and shave his body please five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty oh the drilling is stopped just for a brief moment here
the positive refreshes oh god it's great but you can hear that he's like revving it up again
he's gonna bring it into changing bits yeah he's changing this bit here's Fort Lauderdale hello
hello yes sir uh 23 year listener first time caller great I've probably been listening to your
sensor poor uh huh well it's what goes around comes around I'm getting close again thanks to
mature shaman right on the verge again you mentioned the book about our car routine could you
give me the title or you know it's funny you mentioned that because I was looking all over the
house for last night I couldn't find the damn thing I'll I'll try to bring it down Monday if I can
find it I know I've got it I'll be listening and I started taking the Elkhartini you know something
now that you mentioned that maybe that's what my allergic to because I took another one this morning
like I'm maybe allergic to it I don't know I don't know that much about it yeah well the guy
called the other day didn't either you're definitely wrong about the Chinese I'm wrong about the
time I'm wrong about the Chinese yeah Chinese restaurants don't have any garbage yeah and there's
a lot of significance to that what does that mean the way they treat their own people who they
bring under subscription to the United States yeah is worse than anybody treats any dog really
oh it's incredible huh they they work for two or three years I don't know the time for
food and a mat food and a mat yes the place is lay on the floor my last name yeah
something good to me it's incredible I had a six year experience in Key West and I sold my house to
and what they do is at first there's just a couple uh-huh and then very soon there's 20
and the ones that are eligible for niceties get well I like the child I love the Chinese and
Chinese people the ones that are under subscription yeah what they under subscription what are they
subscribing to a Chinese life magazine there's there's there's a world okay have a right day pal get out
let me second how do you like that don't call me a comment another 23 years okay I'll leave
the number to Amsterdam I'll still briefed and Cox a hoist see me too you ought to get together
with that guy you should the trace the number get together with him you can sit around until a
nasty Chinese stories okay I'll I can tell you first of all we don't have many Chinese people I know
here are the ones at the animal coast which are very nice people they don't have any slaves working
there they're not doing all of this crap this guy they don't have any subscriptions prescription
and then of course all the Chinese people in Toronto which there's zillions of them and they're
wonderful people they're very nice what must be all the Indonesians that they're talking about and all
those I don't know what you're talking that very that you're talking about I know what you're talking
about I just made it up Chinese people have to have uh culture man they got like and they've got
yeah right and they've got morality they got values education they're educated they're educated
intelligence they're not morons they don't destroy the neighborhood they keep up their property
that's what we're talking about here today yeah right what's it got to do with rhino balls
because you're trying to put a different slant on it so if they do have a small penis what do you
care you're not that anyway lately I don't care so there you go I don't either as a matter of fact
thank you for bringing that average down I appreciate it what I want to thank all the Chinese people
for bringing the average and I thank them too because it makes me feel a lot better five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's pompano hello
as a matter of fact after the shard just Michael we Chinese pompano hello what are they doing on this
phone are they diddling on here gross this is good we might learn some of
you
have you have you breathe in it must have been the trotter what is it and he's not on his nose
and just look
cat right on the end look and he's not on his ass take a look at it come on
it's not gross just a little snot yeah he thought it was gross but it's not
okay well Zagazone have a happy whatever it's too late for poor him there you go that's what's
going on in pompano you just heard it here's a mobile and four-letter deal hello yes how you doing
now okay I want to cast my vote for the Haitians as the single most devastating force that could
possibly move into your neighborhood really they have absolutely no social assimilitate
a relative skills every restore they open up caters to only Haitian want Haitian desires
the average IQ in 80 is approximately for 72 the American Medical Association defines a borderline
mental retardation at 68 just a little bit about that it's just just about borderline that's
what Madonna said yeah they they just devastated just take a look at Delray market trying to
do it anyway go ahead yeah I just they're in the Delray beach yeah Delray and point oh my god
I bet you old shoes up there a pretty upset about it yeah they're probably not too happy
campers but they just one one moves in one family moves in they use that as a beach hat and they're
like a pack of army ants they just they still are they still sure on those diapers boxes out on
the side walk they get over that on the front lawn I've seen parts of neighborhoods in four
waterdale you drive by you can tell it's a Haitian house because there's like some burnt
animal remains uh we piled up with flowers and other oh I forgot about that part yeah some of
the voodoo or whatever they're trying they bring the tribal collectivistic way of life over
to and transplanted into our society remember they went 300 years without any kind of Eurocentric
civilizing influence the French to sound over to your you know he he beat the French army the
French retreated after the French took over from Spain and then France left and they've had
nothing but their afro roots pretty much cook in there for 300 years they've been cooking it
and afros yeah right cook each the way they cook each other with a necklace uh you know
the necklace is okay well listen great I think we uh that's about as far as we know South Africa uh
depends oh that's what's on the far lawn five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and provides a wireless line so I guess you don't like Haitians too much I know evidently for what
he said five hundred and one votes on a survey today boy this is going over bigger than
halivan god damn South Beach which group of people to show our neighborhood the fastest
African Americans 203 they got a they got this licked rednecks white in the trailer park trash 77
orthodox Jews 44 oh Haitians 43 Cubans 38 Jamaican 34 weekends 32 Mech Mechonos 14 Nikoaguan's
nine and way down there on the bottom I shouldn't have said that gaze seven they're on the bottom
rectum some of them like Ricky Martin so there you go talk all you want about Mate Kron but before
when we come into your hood we clean it up we make it like valuable we make it beautiful pristine
just don't look through the window 26 after one at five sixty WQM hey here's something we can
all agree on a great smoke guess what I lit up yesterday maybe I'm smoking too many cigars
so maybe that's what's acting my allergies up I doubt that I just said that to get my mother
aggravated no seriously if you love a great cigar nick down there in Miami continues making some
phenomenal smokes I don't understand I do understand a lot of plastic assholes out there that's
why some people spread a fortune because they like the big names you know the names I'm talking about
I won't even dignify them by mentioning them were you fudge back them
I gotta go
oh yeah you know it hurts bad right here inside you see I really got to go oh I remember
you self made and go before we leave but now it's too late I just can't wait every little thing I drink
thought of getting up on the sink I don't know where we are again I can't hold it in baby please don't
see me I'm just I think I'm scared what I've got to go pay
131 what that was at at five sixty WQM so anyway factful I got one thing to say to you
so you know that that's a bunch of crap because there's no way in the world he would have sent
the fact sheet up here alone do you know what I'm saying that was his intent to stick that in here
and hopefully it would fly you see what I mean you see what I'm coming from on S2Y see where you're coming
I mean if somebody else had done that maybe we would have bought it yeah you're never going to
change fat boy you're still the same game plan tubba crap baby still the same big tubba garbage how's
that Delhi coming man tells his wife he's gonna go out to buy cigarettes when it gets to the story
finds out it's close so the guy ends up going to the party with the vending machine while there he
has a few beers and begins talking to this beautiful girl he has a few more beers next thing you
know season the girls department having quite a pleasurable time next thing knows that three o'clock
in the morning oh my god my wife's gonna kill me he exclaimed quick give me some attack em powder
she gets him so many rubs it all over his hands when he gets home his wife is up waiting she says
she's furious where the hell have you been he says well the tentative truth I went into a bar had
a few drinks went home with his blonde and I slept with her let me see your hands you demands he
shows his wife his powdery hands he says damn liar you are holding again how long was there you know
not playing again here's dear field hello dear field hello Neil yes sir how are you today okay listen
I have a problem I just went and I called ticket masters to try to get some tickets for tonight's
cancer game yeah it's all sold out yeah I asked him if they had anything left they said yeah we
have some uh... pantherpact tickets which I find very unusual but that's all you know I went across
the street I got a tears a ticket master outlet right across street for I live uh... I grew over
there this woman sitting in the booth smoking a cigarette this old rag the old thing she told me that
the game is sold out so we got the big fight match and I told her to f off and I walked out yeah that
was it okay well got let you know okay I have a good time in the living room watching on TV thank
you okay five six seven oh five fifteen yes it's really a joke it's all about cuz Mary was coming
which he's been selling off games in the rena's all over the league which is why the league loves having
them back but it's still like a plan of band-aid of the Titanic Gary Gary Beppman a little
band-aid on Titanic with all these ridiculous expansion teams and all this water down crap
and let me see it again don't get all excited about the factors of sell out there tonight you can't
play about the hockey fans in this town because generally speaking with a few exceptions here and
there we don't have any I still think that kid read the stuff off a uh... of things or roster five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eight t and t and four eyes and wireless line four
lottery with a question mark hello me I want to put my vote on yeah okay there you go bad for the accent
mine bad bad one here's Kendall hello yes sir okay I just want to I just called to make you
aware if you're not already of something you might be interested in and what is that well it's
in my local sex tour last week and what's that happened to bump into on the CD rack with a new
album from aros month right yeah I didn't know if you if you were without or sure oh you are okay
I don't know if you have or not but it sounds a lot like if I had to compare to any of the previous
albums it sounds like a lot like get a grip on them so I think you might be interested in picking that up
great yeah so that that's what I really want to let you know okay thanks and closing yes sir
in my neighborhood we have no new growth okay okay bye congratulations I didn't say
congratulations did I oh that was bad that was just a slip of the tongue okay a slip of the lip
good thing we haven't heard from that finish guy today he eats that is quoted yesterday
in my country we have no any good yeah we know already congratulations here's a lady in four
lotterdale hello hi I just have a couple of comments for you yes man one one is if you want to
live under a totalitarian government and yeah you can have a great neighborhood but that's why we
have America and it's free because we do have to free them to make moral choices that maybe not
consider moral by others I have a quick comment well well well well well wait a minute well
go back to the beginning again what what are you saying the beginning okay well you're talking
about how how Chinese have morals and how they have their you know their streets are clean
and etc etc but you know you can have that here if you have the same type of government I'm not
I'm not talking about the Chinese in China I'm talking about the people who come here and have
a very high ethic as far as having a good education and being hard working in all of these
I'm I'm not talking about China I've never been to China what do I want to go to China for well
yeah I don't and hear you on that I'm a friend you know what I but I want to misunderstood
is your constant dig a tree which is very expensive and I'm a very I'm a very good if I have
constant big issue then why do you listen to the program excuse me if it's very offensive then why
you continue to listen to the program if you think I'm a big because I'm going to have driver
was listening to it uh-huh so you know it's not like a choice I understand what you said
and just now you bring you say you said constant dig a tree that means you must listen to it all
the time no from the 30 minutes I've listened to it all you've done is talk about Negroes
Haitians etc etc yeah no it's not rude this is what people talk about man this is like real life okay
maybe in the world that you live in and the little god damn ivory tower that you hang in nobody
talks about their neighborhood you don't know what world that comes from you live in Liberty City
Liberty City no do you live in overtown no opalaka I'm from New York baby do you live in the where
you live in New York I live it I was in 23rd in between seconds or in the how can you don't live
like in the bowry I used to live in the bowry I used to live in out of that city oh hi why'd you
get out of there because my boyfriend wanted to move to the East Coast my see well listen I've
got a suggestion for you go back there bitch hi I have to live in New York hey baby baby yeah okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 t and 10 right in fact maybe you can move in with Bubba yeah he
likes it there here's a lady mobile and color red hello what's up man nigga yes ma'am
me on I'm a proud black female number one fan and I like that last bitch how that humor was bitch
from New York well she and the thing is I'm from New York also she is a damn nigga herself and
tell the demo look up that word in a dictionary because she's ignorant uh-huh and my
phone what is that nigga or ignorant I want to put a vote in for French Canadian oh yeah
but they don't really live here they like hang out you know I know I'm gonna teach the hangout
and I also want to tell you that people talk about how Jamaicans don't listen to you I know one
Chinese Jamaican name Clyde who is a Chinese Jamaican Chinese Jamaican his name is Clyde and he's
also in Cutleridge too and he is a major fan all right all right he's got some really good crap you
know okay have a great weekend so we are bye bye she in the Bronx not a lot of Chinese and
Jamaica for some reason that's what I was trying to tell you you know well there's a billion
Chinese people you're you're probably going to run into hope and then they travel in packs 1.3
now they travel in packs like when you go to Rome and you go to like a to a trot to Rio they bring
them in in bus loads because you know they're on papers and whatever and that's got nothing to do
with it they know they're nice people and let me ask you this if you're in a goddamn restaurant
in Rome New York or wherever to hold you a Rome Georgia Athens Georgia wherever you're hanging out
and a bus load pulls up now what would you rather have a 20 people hard on the visiting
20 tourists get off of that bus who would you rather have them be Chinese people
African Americans uh Puerto Rican with Swiss blades who would you rather have them be
orthodox Jews I like Chinese let's play it
what where do we have that do we have that somewhere I think we do have that probably one of those
mini discs it's not in there it's not no I want one a mini disc we have I like Chinese probably
another time for that plus Rick would get all upset you don't want to do that I think we're
gonna wait to see yourMzikply
where put yourself let's do
he tell you how I built
Guangdong
The game's over, I'm at Surrey State
And the FCC won't let me sing this
So I'm not supposed to stay now at the CCK
Take her hand, tell me say
That after this transition
I'll be out in 90 days
Oh, if you see KMT wanna
Then I'll see you with Tio wanna
Go, wanna go, but gotta
Keep with Tio wanna
Go!
So you have to ask yourself
What kind of assuming that the story was true
Which I don't believe
Well, what kind of a normal or even close to normal
If there's such a thing person
We'll be getting a cab
And here's a radio show on the back
And be subjected to it allegedly for 30 minutes
Which I can't imagine what the hell she's going for
30 minutes in this place
And take the time to call up the talk show
And express her displeasure
And like we give a crap of what the hell she thinks
No, I don't think so
That's f***ing bit
Exactly, I couldn't say better myself
She's giving me a song of dance
And you wanna know why honey?
Because you're one of those obnoxious New York imperial snobbitches
That's what you are
I'm from New York
Well great, that in 50 cents
Oh, buy about a half a cup of coffee at Tim Horton's donuts
Okay?
The factor was visiting a sweet kind 80-year-old parishioner
And while she was preparing tea
He noticed on top of a ranteed pump organ
A bowl of water-inch which floated the condom
When she returned it, it was curiosity
Got the best of many asked
I wonder if you tell me about this point into the bowl
Oh yes, you replied isn't it wonderful?
I was walking downtown last fall and I found this little package
The direction said to put it on your organ
Keep it wet and it would prevent disease
And you know I haven't had a cold all winter
Nice go on grandma
That can't all be great
560-560-560 on the AT&T line
Mobile in Miami, hello
Hey, what's up Neil
Yes sir
Hey, those were two weak horns by the way
Yeah, like you said they can't all be good
They can all be a four-star
Hey, that girl, she's never been north of a Quail Roos drive
And cutler rigs much less New York
Yeah
The worst people to have live in the U
Most of the time just come back
You know, whether they're wide or black or Cuban
The people that leave their junk cars and stuff like that
No, that's mostly usually red next to junk car crash
And you're really hit
I mean, you know, I don't want to say it
But it's like the redneck white trash people
Why don't you want to say it?
I mean, I don't know
You've got to call them off in a straight way
You've got to call us straight
You've got to never had black people live near me
Yeah
You know, so I don't know about black people
But you know, really scummy redneck
And people are disgusting
You know, tonight's my last game, Neil
Going tonight, I got my last game tickets here
And hopefully by this time next year things will be a little bit
Tomorrow night's my last game
I get to get to get to the end of the way you're not going
What is it?
Are you going tonight or you're not going to go?
No, of course not
Well, yeah, I guess you should only go to see your team
That's right, Toronto may finish it
Please, that will be it
Okay, I have a rate day pal
All right, later, my friends
When they get new ownership in here, they want to make a commitment to the public
And make it worthwhile going and I'll go back
Otherwise, to them, okay?
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
Long time, Lister and Frequent Collard
Okay
Getting hammered here is from Green Beer
Lepicondom
Can I hear Lepicondom?
Yes, you can, as a matter of fact
And Brian Craig says hello
Like I said, no chance
Isn't that sad?
Isn't that pathetic?
Do you know who that is, Brian Craig?
Yeah, and I know he got a thing called
He was calling and marauding for a long time
There apparently got tired
I thought he had found a life that appeared there
Who was calling and marauding?
Yeah, saying gay things
Over and over again, like
Oh, really?
Off the air yet
Uh-huh, involving Brian Craig
Oh, really?
Yeah, sure
And now he's there with him or is he just making that up?
Oh, apparently he was the whole turn
I see
That's my theory
Well, you know, if you have enough of those green beers, you forget about all those other things, you know?
Why would you be obsessed with someone else?
They weren't so hard
Yeah, you forget about Norm and you know
Then you start thinking about your wife and your adopted black children
All these things
Monkey sea, monkey do
I was talking to somebody about that the other day
About, you know, people who are just like little sucklings, little underlings
She, Mr. Ego, is always going to have a
Be surrounded by a bunch of those people, you know?
If he takes a crap and it's like, uh, diarrhea, they got to go have instant diarrhea too
Good thing we don't have anybody in this building like that
Right
Good point
So what's the morning line on?
It's 11 before 2 at 5, 60 at WDQAM
That's very sad
Are you gambling nerds in here?
Very tragic, you know?
Hanking the 80k wannabes?
Gambling away their hard earned money
Well, like I said, you know what I mean?
No, I wasn't either. I said wannabes
wannabes
And who are you talking about?
Oh, that wannabes!
Well, I see!
Now we understand just a vendetta
Break H2
Yeah, that's why
That's the whole mother's story
Dumber than sawdust
10 till 2 at 5, 60 at WDQAM
We got Jim Mad Dog Manditch
Yeah, I'll be along for Hank at 2
And then they had the hockey stuff. You know the hockey stuff by now
Because your soul is dirty more
What a sin she's got a sin
I thought she will, I was shocked and dissaid
Where it was cavern
Maybe Steve or Jim I thought
With my tent down I was caught
Holy potent pulse
With your remote control
It's cavern, she's the mole
I couldn't have guessed
Surely you can't say it's not dope
I like hate the bed
Charlie the bed
He had to go
I can't wait for the mole to
D4 and Y
D-D blue next time
Also confused other wives to rules
Make it my life to prove
All right
155 at 5, 60 at WQAM
Greg Poked his head in the door there a couple of minutes ago
And we said
Get lost
One day, what is this?
Oh, this is at the beginning of this is screwed up
One day at home, the wife is home alone
In the doorbell rings
She opens it to a guy
And he says
Hi, it's Tony home
This is very probably written to ever send me from the United
Airlines I appreciate it
But this is weak
Hi, it's Tony home, the wife replies
No, he went to the store being wait here if you want
So they sit down and after a while of silence
Of the French
You know, Sarah, you have the greatest bread
I've ever seen
I give you a hundred bucks just to see one
Sarah thinks about it for a second and figures
What the hell, a hundred bucks?
She opens her robe and shows one to him for a few seconds
He thanks her and throws a hundred bucks on the table
They sit there a while longer than the guy says
That was so amazing I've got to see both of them together
Together I'll give you another hundred bucks if I can see the both of them together
Sarah amazes by the offer since things about it for a second and says
How wide hell not?
She opens her robe and gives Chris a nice long chance to cop a look
A while later, Tony gets back home from the store
The wife goes up to him and says
You know your friend Chris came over
Tony says
Well did he drop off the 200 bucks he owes me?
Not bad
Not great
Not bad
You're about three and a half
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hey, I'm talking about a little further north now
Like your show, don't get down to Miami much
But I enjoy the topic today and I wanted to share something with you
Yes sir
You mentioned earlier about Blacks and Indians screaming victimization all the time
And I've got a case that I've been talking about
I didn't say that sir
I did not say that I didn't say scream and victimization
I said now they're getting even
Well I mentioned that some other day
That's what I said
No that is what I said
All Indians
Anyway I think you'll enjoy this stuff
That is what I said
I live in South Florida
That is what I said
Go back to Central Florida, go away
We don't want you here
How do you like that?
See there's nothing more than putting words in my mouth
I've had many things in my mouth
But words that I didn't utter that ain't one of them
Somebody wants that utter in their mouth
Here's a mobile somewhere, hello
Hello
Yes sir
