Hello, you don't know me, but when I travel around the world, I make sure I have my American access card with me.
With American access, I don't have to worry about carrying rules of currency with me in different countries, which is great when you wear clothes that have no pockets.
And getting ripped off for several thousand bucks is worse than excommunication. And American access is just like me, except it just about everywhere.
And I can do anything from buying Polish sausage to renting a Lamborghini with my car.
So the next time you travel to dozens of cities to bless millions of adoring fans, sort of like Madonna, take the American access card with you.
And I'm in American access. Don't leave your centuries old multi-million dollar palace without it.
Well, one of the things we're going to do today is a cubic service we're going to allow every group in this community who is going to be demonstrating or marching or protesting tomorrow and Friday to call in and give out whatever information.
I mean, yesterday we were so generous we even gave Bob Kunst group. The guy called in not once, but twice to give the phone number and all the information.
And I'm not all that crazy about letting them on again, but we'd even let them in one more time.
So if there are any groups out there, any feminists or whatever they might be who are really pissed who are upset as hell and not going to just sit back and take it on the chin, this is going to be an opportunity, a chance of a lifetime here today for you to use this forum to get the information out.
Speaking of Arlene and Mike, by the way, if you turn to page three,
E, Linda Thornton in one of her weaker moments.
And I'm going to be seeing her later today. So I'm going to pass along my thoughts on his column.
News anchors are serious about adding a light touch is the headline on his column.
And Linda goes on to absolutely gush over our six o'clock news hour in which each evening you hear Arlene and Mike chartling puking, laughing, rolling on the floor.
Or using anonymous names, etc.
And in general, embarrassing themselves.
But here they are. Here's the picture that you've all been waiting for Arlene Ross and Michael will bring their own style to the six o'clock news.
And Michael looks very dapper there. He's all dressed up with a white shirt and a tie and a whole business.
And of course, that's the way he comes to work every day, right? Absolutely. That's the way we see him every day.
And Arlene, of course, looks like her hair like she just stuck her finger in electrical outlet.
220. And really is just incredible. I just I just die every day when I listen to the stand show.
It always starts at about four o'clock. I guess at that hour of the day is when the guys out there start getting really horny.
I mean, really desperate about four o'clock. And you hear one after an always Arlene there. Can we hear her voice?
You know, all they want to do is hear her voice. It's like phone sex on the radio.
Basically is what's going on on that show during the late afternoon.
Just one after another after another. And of course within a matter of moments, all of a sudden there's her voice like magic.
Absolutely. She flies into that news booth like a fly on the wall.
I mean, she shows up on cue like nobody I've ever heard in the business.
And you guys out there, I'm telling you. I mean, Arlene never still afraid to range. She's okay in my book.
But let's get serious. Okay. 1017 at W. I. and Z. Let's take our first break because we do have little business this hour.
I know that frightens a lot of people out there, especially up in Pompano Beach. But life must go on.
By the way, that performance by Jika about Michael J. Fox yesterday.
He loves you, Michael. Oh, I think love would be an understatement. I think he's obsessed.
Obsessed. And when he made that comment about I only wish that my sex life was like Michael J. Fox.
Yeah. Did you hear that? He was scoring more than Dan Moreno.
And now his Tom Novak. Well, he's been out there in LA.
Is he monitoring him? No. Well, you hear things when you're in LA. Oh, I say.
Yeah. You probably heard it from many different sources. Yeah.
I was probably heard a lot about Rob Losex life too.
Didn't say anything about that. Really?
That's what we're going to do this hour. We're going to take a poll on Michael J. Fox.
What did you see back to the future? Even the desperate horny women in the audience would not.
Maybe some of the horny guys might take a shot with Michael J. Fox.
I don't think so because there's nothing he's smooth down there's nothing.
Believe me. Trust me. And if Tom's listing, which I know he doesn't listen to the show,
that's one thing we discovered yesterday that Tom jickered doesn't listen to the show anymore.
He said nice things and he's a good friend and always a great kid.
Now, he'll accuse me of turning on him, which I'm not doing Tom, but let's be honest.
Well, he's in the office. He never even heard Nashville's greatest hits before.
No, he loved it, but he had never heard it before. Now anybody who listens to the show even casually.
Out of it like John Williams certainly is familiar with Nashville's greatest hits.
So what does that want to get into any of those any of that hanky panky?
Because I'm sure there'll be a little bit of that around all.
Have you noticed all of the altar boys have disappeared?
Have you noticed that? I don't want to cause any alarm in town or any parents to get paranoid.
But there is a rumor going around that all of the altar boys from the area churches,
especially in Dade County, have disappeared and will not be home till Saturday.
Do you think anything will happen between now and into altar their attitudes?
Anyway, that's pretty much going to do it. Oh, we got another minute, don't we?
Should we take another call? See, I'm not one of those people at Panics when we got a minute.
You know, I hate to put people on for a minute, but since the call is from plantation, we'll do it. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Welcome back, listen. I think you ought to use that special purple pass and do a remote.
I'm serious. I think this is for real. Did you get one of these in the newsroom?
I thought you were asking me. No, I asked in my call.
Oh, I haven't seen anything like this.
This is for real. This is the MSN. It's signed by Guido Bachi manager of the Pope John Paul II World Tour.
I thought it was going to be signed by Guido Sarducci.
But it's for real. I'm telling you.
One thing you did mention the sillies when the other night.
I mean, you mentioned the meth win last night, but the meth win for the sillies.
Well, the meths now are only two and a half back, though, and they're doing it.
I want the cardinals to go.
Ah, yeah, it's serious.
Come on. And one more thing.
Thank you, Carl.
Thank you, Carl.
If you have $55, you can buy a 30-inch high aluminum Pope shaped bond sprinkler called Lettuce Spray.
Lettuce Spray. I saw that.
And the guy made it in Detroit.
Yeah, right.
And he was spraying all the while I was there.
Okay, listen, have a wonderful day in a great life.
But Michael, if it knows headlines, we'll wait for no one, no woman except Arlene Ross.
And we have the full CBS news, including all the spots at one o'clock, and we'll come back at 106.
Okay, let's go to South Miami. Hello.
Hill, how about a joke totally unrelated to anything that's been going on?
We don't do jokes, sir. We don't do jokes.
A Miami. Hello.
Hello?
Yeah.
Excuse me?
Oh, okay.
You know, I've got to tell you something.
I've listened to your show for a while in many times, but I've got to tell you I find your attitude
and your this whole thing about the Pope that you've turned around.
I find it sick.
Okay.
So what are you listening for?
Well, but I thought that I could make a comment if I may.
Every one of the points that you try to describe the Pope on the Catholic religion with,
well, they happen to have an answer.
Every one of the things, for instance, all this money that's been spent for the Pope,
coming to the security and all that.
You don't even mention the fact that Miami is going to get all that money many times over in the publicity
that's getting all around the world.
How many people is that going to feed?
How many starving people is that going to feed?
How many of them is it going to clothe?
And how many is it going to get off the street?
We're not talking about publicity.
We're talking about real religion, which there is none in this whole visit.
There's no compassion.
There's no charity.
There's no nothing.
All of this is a big promotional tour.
That's all.
That's the TR tour.
The point of the time before you hang out with me, like you usually do when somebody doesn't agree with you,
it's not a religion question at that moment.
You're repeated over and over and over and over time.
The money that's been spent on security, on this and that.
Sir, you're not even listening to me.
If he weren't coming here, they could have raised the same amount of money,
and they could have fed some desperate people with it.
Who the hell needs him here?
Who needs the security?
Don't you understand?
I mean, you see, you are so swept up with the emotional, the propaganda,
and the brainwashing that's been done on you.
Why should you not even accountability with it?
You can't see the forest for the trees.
Just listening to you, every single thing that's been spent,
and think that color just a little while ago that was talking about this,
coins that the Vatican is putting off,
you still have the Vatican, you're not putting out those coins.
But that has nothing to do with the Vatican.
That's just a private enterprise of the title.
It doesn't make any difference.
It's still being peddled as part of the same promotional tour in the church.
Everything that's being done here, I haven't heard anybody scream it out against it.
I haven't heard the archbishop in this town scream it out against it.
I haven't heard any big tumult from the Vatican protesting the commercialization of this whole visit.
If there's anything that's going on that they can get a penny out of they love it.
You could say the same thing with every single state that visits here, and I don't hear you.
When heads of state visit here, we don't disrupt the entire community.
We don't lock off streets.
We don't force businesses to close down.
Well, that goes into this.
This is one of the first and the second.
Sir, if Grubbichoff were coming here tomorrow from one of the two most important countries in the world,
if he and President Reagan were coming here tomorrow,
they wouldn't be closing off the streets and they wouldn't be forcing people to shut down business
and they wouldn't close schools in Dave County on a Friday and you know that as well as I do.
I think you wouldn't make as much money in the future or the upper Tyson is getting from the Pope visit either.
Sir, again, you know, if you think that the Pope is supposed to be a commercial commodity,
like the Michael Jackson tour, I don't want to talk to you sir, because you're just an emotional wreck.
It's impossible.
The reason would somebody like you, your voice keeps getting higher, you're more emotional,
and now you're going to say, I hung up because you disagree.
I hung up because there's no way to reason with you, where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
Okay? And you can't reason with a jerk like you.
Talking about how much money Miami is going to make.
Ooh, look at that.
You ask, you receive.
He be bad.
Doesn't he look weird?
He looks like a mannequin.
Looks like his sister, Chandler.
I'm going to tell you something.
I don't think there's any blood throwing through this, flowing through his veins.
I'm serious.
It's like weird.
Like plastic.
I guess if you have enough plastic city, your whole being becomes plastic.
This is the Michael Jackson bad album.
And of course, we don't have any turntable in here.
So is this our copy now?
I took it from people, I will ask.
You took it?
No, I said.
You went in there and you granted this guy.
I told you, look out.
When I was on vacation, you opened up every piece of mail.
You weren't here.
Every piece of mail.
I've been on vacation many times.
I've been in the market almost 12 years.
I've always gone away when I came back.
My mail was waiting for me unopened.
Well.
There was no emergency.
I wasn't here.
What a wonderful excuse to open somebody else's mail.
There was, I say, I say, to be a known bird.
I say every good letter, busy birdie.
You know the word of a busy body.
This is a busy birdie.
I think there was work to be done.
We're shame on you now.
All right.
Let's ask Stan's expert opinion.
He generally, happy birthday, by the way, Stan.
Happy number 40 or 39 or 39.
He's a year younger than Joey Pena.
Going down over here.
Do you know that he told the audience on the year this morning that he was 40?
Boy, he hasn't seen 40 for a long time.
Oh, yeah.
He was a child prodigy.
He was 13 on WKBW and fuck long.
1960.
He's skinny though.
He's skinny?
Yeah, he's not fat.
I heard that he was enormous.
Well, I could be wrong.
You worked with him in Phillips.
Yeah, you mean?
She's like, he's like me.
Well, you're not exactly like me.
I guess when you worked with him, he was like in his low 30s or mid 30s.
Oh, look at that.
It looks like Eva St. Marie Singh.
Stan rosted the makeup obvious.
God, look at that album.
Ready?
I'm looking, that looks like a real person.
Let's get an expert opinion from one who knows.
Wow.
From one who knows a real girl when he sees one.
It's a real girl when you see one.
It's a real girl when you see one.
I'm waiting for you.
Are you guys playing that?
No.
I don't even know what it is.
I take a license plate number.
Don't you think you ought to let me program his music for one month?
For one month?
No, because...
I'm telling you, I can put you guys to be...
Just suppose you were successful.
Do you guys...
I don't want anything, though.
I'm very pleased right over here.
And if you believe that, you guys play crowded...
Ah!
...brought it now?
They do play crowded homes.
You play doors?
Yeah, I play the door.
It's the Pope Polish.
And CCR, man.
They get that CCR just locked into the transmitter.
It's incredible.
They don't even have to play the compact disk.
They just hit a button.
It goes right directed into the transmitter.
CCR.
They know the...
Rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin'.
Yep.
On and on and on.
I like one of their cards today.
Kyle loved it.
Sergeant Pepper.
Rolling Hearts Club.
Whatever that is.
Is there a stereo?
Oh, you play the one with the track missing?
Yeah.
I love those.
The Beatles with...
Beatles instrumentalist.
And some of those old capital stereo albums will do that.
The Beach Boys albums will do that when you try to play them in mono or track.
And all you'll hear is the background vocals in the instrumental.
It is funny.
Yeah, that's right.
It sounds like Brian Wilson has gone on another psychotic episode or something.
Okay, here comes the message from our FM program director.
Peter, Paul, and Mary.
What's he trying to say to you?
Is that what we are?
Remember...
That card.
Peter, Paul, and Mary.
Oh, yeah.
I went to play.
Yeah, that was great.
And like, it was...
Like you were hearing one channel per second and then it would drop out.
It was great.
Yeah.
A little Kyle was on the floor here.
Like most of our audience drop out.
I just had to fade out of it and make excuses.
It was very nice of them to loan me a couple of Beatles cards with the boy.
Men and I hit that thing out of you, we were in trouble.
They're in stereo.
I know.
Well, some of them have worked in here before.
Really?
But that one just didn't work at all.
Neil has left the hot seat.
How are you doing in the corner looking for something?
It's your program, Rogers.
Tell me what you want all of for it.
Peter, Paul, and Mary.
Oh.
Now, you know the guys who did the Neil Rogers disease over at Hot 105?
Yeah.
They have brought you a new...
Oh, great.
The general...
Boys, nice to have the FM people in the market doing market media, all that stuff.
Why not?
You're number one.
Carded mostly stuff up, which was nice of you to leave me the tape.
Well, you know...
Next time, card it up, will you place?
Did you hear the record that he carded up for me?
What a jive.
What a jive.
He might be not to play it.
He not...
He carded up the cut that I wanted.
He carded up part of the next cut, too.
He cut it up and took the needle off.
It sounded like the Nick Burton show.
It sounded like Howard Stern.
You know, he...
You know, he...
He got a little piece out and keep that.
It's a classic, yeah.
It's almost as valuable as the bird to card things for me.
We like those noises.
We like all those boxes too long.
So this is the CREPitation theme from Jim Skyler and Marilyn LaVe Long.
Maybe, uh, Jerry Reynolds will be sending stuff over.
Who knows?
Who talented assholes from Hot 105, Dan McKay in the morning...
Uh, McMorning show.
Huge fans.
Boy, I'm gonna have a Nick nervous breakdown.
Just thinking about it.
He was trying to do Scratch Music.
Yeah, that was your...
That was the bird's effort to do in Scratch Music.
That was like a contemporary, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, so we thank Peter for the XTC album, Skylarking and for Michael Jackson.
He'd be real bad.
Oh, I'll tell you.
He makes all the t-shirts, Peter.
He doesn't look just strange.
He looks, um, I'm sorry.
Well, it's, uh...
Oh, I got a t-shirt.
It's romantic and he's wearing this leather now with these chains.
Maybe that's not him.
Maybe that's a mannequin of him.
Boy, looks like...
And maybe five years from now, he'll reveal...
They said he thought that was...
They said he's had a lot of emotional problems,
like he's become a mannequin depressive.
Ha, ha, ha...
Oh, boy!
Okay.
Twenty after one at WINZ, we want to say hello to Joey Pinto.
And I apologize if he's skinny.
I thought that he's a big guy.
What I saw him, he wasn't.
I certainly wasn't.
I heard that he was big in Buffalo.
I could be wrong.
He had a 60-year-old on a station that had the only signal
that was on the air was incredible. I remember those kind of shoes.
I was like, 1920, when the RC8 dog used to sing into the
big trolley. Okay, let's take a break and we'll come right back.
