I can't believe this. Speak to me.
Are you going to be there?
No.
No.
Well, I called last week and asked for the tickets and also about the restoration.
Yeah.
No, you know, I'm not some snorer.
I like your show.
I just, my mom wouldn't let me get tickets.
I sure hope it's your phone that's messed up.
For the level on this call, how is this possible again?
We locked the door.
It's that Peter Bulger.
He keeps coming in here.
And when he comes in here, everybody comes in here.
I'm practically yelling.
I know. We're supposed to be doing a talk show and your level is like almost disappeared.
They got the RF out, all right?
But they got the level out too.
No, they're on night pattern.
That RF doesn't.
Oh, that's right. You're right.
So they didn't even accomplish that.
They just knocked the level down with nothing.
Are you depressed about that, sir?
Yeah, I am.
Okay.
Will you play on the eruders to these?
Yes, I will.
Now, what did you say?
You said you won the South Florida masturbation contest.
Is that what you said?
No, I said I called about that.
Well, what do you have to do to enter?
Now, I don't think we want to know the answer.
It's after 6 a.m.
All right.
Okay.
But you keep working on it.
You know that old saying, don't you?
What practice makes perfect?
Exactly.
That's exactly the one.
A very bright young man.
Have a nice day.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh, what a good call to start off with.
Unfortunately, the level was disastrously low.
And one gets the sinking feeling that the technical incompetence of the Zeta 4
Engineering staff is beginning to surface to rear its ugly head once again.
Ladies and gentlemen, he was amazingly awake.
And well, that's because he's been busy.
It's 11 past 6 on Zeta 4.
Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka,
and a chain of radio stations.
Well, normal that is until just 3 weeks ago.
Hi, honey.
How was your day?
Un...
Believable.
Terminal.
There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there.
Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease.
Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet?
But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald.
Oh, now that's a cop out.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to Elle Herald, sir.
Huh?
People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue-haired old bags from Fembroke Pines.
You know, the Yen Thes who say, all Neal, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around stealing sweet and low.
Can I get you anything?
How about those bag boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look.
In.
Credible.
Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic.
Please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night.
You know what that means.
Hey, you know what I got?
A nine.
A nine.
What's Lephalor got?
Three points, something?
Send your tax deductible contributions today.
It cares of hot 105.
Terminal.
Un-
Unbelievable.
You know, this is the only station in America really.
On FM, I would think where actually somebody would call in like that and ask you to do something
and you would do it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Nobody else does that.
No.
They pretend that they do it.
Even Stan doesn't do it.
Just what he feels like.
Yeah.
Which is very rarely because he's usually in such a silly nasty mood.
So I stopped by to say hi yesterday and you know, like you said, we do what we can.
And that was fun.
Mm-hmm.
And I meant to tell him if he hadn't given those you two tickets to some twinkie, he would
have them.
And he's still.
What are you looking for?
I'm not looking for anything.
I'm not.
Can I handle it over here?
I seem to be in full control.
I've done it.
You've seen.
Why do I wake every single time this morning?
I'm listening.
I can walk and chew gum at the same time.
Oh, I didn't know.
You just seem a little distracted.
No, I'm not in the least, but there's something on your mind.
Well, there is something on my mind.
We have a topic for the show today, which is very rare.
We usually don't do that.
Okay.
We do have a couple of deadlines open.
We haven't even given the damn numbers yet.
620 3600 and did that 620 3600 and did.
And in brown, it's 7779 3600.
We do have a topic in it.
Now, this is a good topic.
Like, you remember my roommate Dave?
You remember him vaguely?
Well, he asked me a question last night when it came home from work.
And I think it's a pretty interesting question.
And I'm not certainly not the one to answer it for him.
It's a little out of my league.
He said, where does someone my age, he's 18?
So where does someone meet young ladies here?
In other words, if you're out of school, where does one go?
To meet attractive young ladies who are interested in friendship
and whatever else, you know, goes along with that.
That is a tough question.
I can't answer it.
See, that's the one thing.
I like when I did that dating show about five years ago for a year
and was very successful when we married 37 couples.
It was amazing the number of young people in the 18 to 25 age category
because you'd think those people wouldn't need to call a dating show.
But this area is a tough town for people of any age to meet.
I'm not talking about some bimbo, but I'm talking about somebody with a half
and IQ at least bigger than Gary Lawrence, you know, more than three.
Are you following that so far?
Yes, I heard what you said.
Just a joke.
Gary is just fine.
Okay.
Where's a size six?
Single A?
It's very difficult.
It is.
So maybe the audience can give us some answers or maybe even some young ladies
who aren't already see it seems like all the attractive bright young ladies
are already taken.
Oh, yeah.
Doesn't it seem that way?
Well, there's a dire shortage of them.
But they are there.
They are round.
Yeah.
But they're at them out.
We need to find out where they are.
Top to find them.
We need to get them up to the melting pot in Coral Springs
so that when they go to work,
some of those young ladies will come in and introduce themselves.
I mean, here we're talking about a very nice looking, right,
articulate young man, right?
Yeah, but I thought this was a general thing of like ideas of where you could meet
members of the opposite.
It is.
I'm not trolling for Dave.
If that, well, maybe we might be if he gets desperate enough.
But that's not the point.
The point is that it's a general question.
OK.
Are you getting defensive again?
Did I say something wrong?
I was just wanting some clarification.
Ruffled your feathers?
Well, it just sounded like when you said, you know, we need to get them up.
Look up.
There's a big bird that's a fun.
Come on, baby.
To the bird with me.
I've actually joy's not playing this.
To the bird with me.
Come on, baby.
Fly your hands around.
You've been even doing sitting down.
To the bird with me.
To the shimmy shimmy.
I like her a lot, but maybe sharp.
To the bird with me.
Come on, we're going to twist the row.
OK, I bet you never thought you'd hear D.D.
Sharp this morning on Zeta 4, did you?
When you woke up, of course not.
And maybe we'll play Max Potato's little later on.
I heard that on tragic the other day.
Did you?
Yes, they I must confess they play good music.
They really do.
We shouldn't say that about any other FM station
because we're not supposed to promote the competition,
but we don't BS you on this station.
You know, they do play good music.
You don't have to start ragging on them.
I just because they've got some of those guys like Eric Branden
on the area.
You know, that's right.
Right.
Shake.
He's my favorite.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah.
I like that sincere approach.
And your buddy Joe Johnson's on over there.
Joe's a good guy.
Yeah, yeah, and Linda works there.
Linda's port.
Anybody else?
I mean, like are we giving the whole line up?
A lot of people we know.
I just say seven.
Well, a lot of people I know work at the powerless 96.
Really?
Well, we're going to be calling them a little bit later on this morning.
And hopefully we're going to get a better reception that we did yesterday.
Oh, rough day.
You know what I mean?
Well, the rough day on the phone gesture.
Yeah.
And then of course the reception we got from Mitch up at infinity broadcasting in New York,
sitting there somewhere somewhere close to the Howard Spurmshow.
I mean, come on, Mitch.
Cut us a break.
Would you please?
Sounded like a typical New Yorker to me.
Get real.
Well, yeah.
But it rubs off from Howard though, because Howard is really a jerk and no,
as much as I like his show, he's a goofball.
And he does it.
It's like it's him.
He's the whole world.
He's the whole broadcast industry in his mind.
And nobody needs anybody.
I do.
Do you?
What are you here out there?
What?
What is that?
Dave rustling around.
rustling that we hear.
That's he he does have an attitude that everybody is talking about him in the business.
And like nobody else needs to be on the air, but Howard right now.
This is part of pretty interesting because outside of New York and Philly,
nobody can hear how right.
So it's a vast wasteland out there again, but he does think that and that is part
of the attitude we got from Mitch.
I think that's true.
Yeah.
That of course we were calling up to so about meeting these young ladies.
Oh, man, soon.
It's meeting members of the opposite sex.
It right.
Why if the opposite sex?
Are you discriminating now?
No, but you know what?
Why can't it be of the same sex?
It can be.
Why couldn't it be Jeff Stryker at Windixie?
Well, good luck to you.
No, I know.
I need it.
In fact, some of the bag boy, I got to tell you a horrible story.
This is terrible to say.
By the way, I want to say good morning.
I doubt that they're listening, but the two guys who, uh,
accosted me yesterday at right aid at the pharmacy when I was getting my prescriptions refilled.
Nice guys.
Although one of them has like this obsession with Joey hates him,
but he doesn't stop talking about him.
And I worry about people like that.
Yeah.
Cause if he doesn't like his show, he ought to just listen here and quit listening to Joey like everybody else has.
But anyway, uh, in my Windixie, I was in there a few days ago and there was like a 92 year old guy is a bag boy.
Haven't you run it in before?
Not in my Windixie.
I think there's a dangerous trend starting that trend began a couple of years ago with older people.
And the rumor is that Sonny Rosenberg is seriously considering running his mayor of plantation.
So the median demographic may be zooming any moment up in my neck of the woods.
I can't, I cannot deal.
And this poor guy was just like trembling.
Yeah.
In fact, maybe we ought to play silences golden by the tremolo and honor an honor of this bag boy because.
I mean, he was such a bag boy like you wouldn't believe he could barely lift the bag.
Couldn't get the groceries in the sack.
I don't think bag boy, you can't get it in the sack anymore.
That's, that's the time to hang it up.
All right.
620 now in Zeta 4.
Now you know ABC TV newsman Sam Donaldson.
Oh, one of my least favorites.
Yeah, what a jerky.
He's been known to get a little active once in a while.
But White House stenographer Deborah Bird has refused to comment on a New York post report.
Deborah Bird has refused to comment on a post report that Donaldson bit her hand as she walked by him at a corridor,
breaking the skin in two places.
Here's the Beatles and I want to bite your hand on Zeta 4.
Paper also says the rabbit newsman bit White House staffer Joan Trump's on another occasion.
Now we know why they talk about Sam's biting comments.
San Francisco Chronicle gives us no words on whether he was foaming at the mouth as usual.
Uh huh.
All right, Toronto singer actress Vivian Willis pleaded guilty to attempted extortion for having sex with a 72 year old man.
She met in a bar while accompanying a company, a company photograph.
Uh, an accompanying photographer.
Let me, uh, an accountant.
I love this reading.
This is, this is like the old times now.
You're reading a photographer with a round.
The reform is this 620 news is a trip.
A photographer with their photograph, the action and then demanded $1,500 or else.
She'd show the photos around seven seven, some seventy two year old.
Spider-pater to show them around, but this guy was more modest.
He went with police.
To the bay with him.
To the bay with him.
Come on take me to the sky above the sky.
I'm gonna die.
I'm gonna die.
Let me see what's going on.
Baby baby, go to the ball and it's love.
He's drooling again now.
He's dribbling.
Who is fine to deal?
He said you're Larry Bird imitation where you start dribbling all over the place.
Yeah.
Mostly sunny.
I have 72 today, low in the mid-thick.
57.
On set of four, 622.
The following monthly payment offer based on 60 month commercial lease with a minimum of
one third down for one year.
Dealer participation may affect savings.
Cut your car payments in half.
Come to Fiesta Toyota at Expressway Toyota.
50% off your car payments.
Unselected new Toyota's.
Or no money down.
Or $3,000 holiday cash back.
Fiesta Toyota.
This weekend only at Expressway Toyota.
Party has started.
The food is being served.
Music is playing.
Under the tent.
This weekend at Expressway Toyota.
Pay us a visit and we'll pay half your monthly payments.
New Toyota cars.
Regularly $200 a month.
Half off.
Just $100 a month.
Toyota trucks and vans.
Regularly $180 a month.
Half off.
Just $90 a month.
Fiesta Toyota.
This weekend only at Expressway Toyota.
On Flagler Street.
One block west of the Palmeadow.
Across from Midway Mall.
50% off your monthly payments.
Expressway Toyota.
Okay, it's 23 past 6 on say to four here on a Thursday morning.
And this is the big day with you two concert.
And getting real now, getting serious.
We will be broadcasting live from the Orange Bull from the Bull.
And of course, there are a lot of people on the station who have been broadcasting from the Bull.
And you can tell just by listening to their shows.
Okay, now we actually are going to play a little you two later in the show.
We don't want to overdo it because somebody we all know and love on the AM is obsessed with you two.
And we played it the day you were out here a couple of thirties.
Was it last Thursday?
Played you two cut the other day.
In fact, we'll play that again today because that's really that's the definitive current cut from the Joshua tree, right?
I still haven't found.
Yeah, what I'm looking for.
What I'm looking for which brings us back to Windixie again.
Oh, yeah.
And you were starting to say before you sir rudely interrupted yourself with that award-winning newscast.
About there ought to be some way for people to find other people.
Now public says those things on is it Tuesday nights?
I don't know, but they do have the single night to ten o'clock where you know single people are supposed to come in and browse through the meat department.
Yes.
And the fresh fruit and whatever else they can get their paws on and evidently it seems to work out.
Okay, I just have a feel now who just came in and dimmed their lights.
What the hell was that?
Is that Peter Bulger?
Sneaking in.
Yeah, see he dimmed the lights.
Do you believe that?
Look at that.
It's a little signal.
I can't believe it.
He just, and why has he got that GTR bumper sticker on his car this morning?
He trying to tell us something?
He is out of his mind.
Is that him?
No.
Oh, it's not.
It's somebody else in his space.
Yes.
Terrific.
Okay.
Well, there's something really strange going on ladies and gentlemen and we'll let you know in a few minutes if it's time to call the police.
Yeah.
625.
Get your specimen jars ready and let's take another call.
Well, the reason I'm not like rushing to the phone is because the level and at first call are with so frightening that I don't want to get to Chris.
Yeah.
Tony, Tony Prado's assistant.
But Chris never parks there.
Chris always like parks over on the side.
And Chris never comes in at this hour of the morning.
I think you're dreaming.
Broward County, hello.
Hello.
I know that you're there.
Trust me.
But they're not going to speak to us.
Okay.
Whatever you want.
Broward, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Wow.
First time I was able to get through.
Boy, I must have been thankfulness that first call must have his phone must have been on the floor or something.
How's my L level?
Your levels are great.
I'm not E.L.L. I'm not screaming.
Now they're perfect, sir.
Oh, great.
At bloodshed, the lay is working fine.
Great.
I'm not going to listen to you on a phone and listen to the radio. It's really confusing.
I called to say there are a lot of people get up a lot of pretty early in the morning.
I was up since five.
Five this morning and four.
Four this morning.
All right. Now what do you do?
You work an early shift somewhere?
I do work for the Southern Bell.
Oh, for the Southern Bell.
I'll pick up the moment.
Oh, you're out sick.
Well, that's good.
I'd be sick too if I worked for Southern Bell.
I'd have a guilty conscience.
No, I'm not guilty.
I can't move my back too well.
It went out.
Really?
Yes.
And how do I help my girlfriend get ready for her to go to work?
She has to be at work at six.
Uh-huh.
What does she do?
She's an operator.
Southern Bell.
Huh.
Kind of like an incestuous relationship, isn't it?
Oh, beautiful.
So in other words, if you meet somebody on the job, that's a real good way to meet somebody, right?
Oh, you can.
Yeah.
A lot of people got married through Southern Bell meeting each other.
Hmm. So in other words, like reach out and touch someone should be our slogan for the show today.
There you go. You got it.
Yeah. I keep trying, but they keep moving faster than I do.
I like that word.
One request that it's possible.
Yeah, I'm sure I knew that you were going to ask for something.
I just had that feeling in my bones.
Oh, okay.
Don't let me after you played out of the song today with, uh, what do you call it?
Oh, about six, ten.
Six, ten?
No, that's W-I-O-D, sir.
Six, ten.
No, no, no, no.
The one I want to hear is that baby Neil, uh, thing.
Oh, baby Neil.
Yeah, baby Neil.
Yeah. That's a biggie.
One of my favorites, baby Neil.
Yeah.
I call it little Neil.
Do you really?
A little Neil?
That's what I call it, little Neil.
I'm sure you're going to get it with a chicken.
Yeah, I was just going to have payings.
And I do mean little.
Okay, listen, we'll get down a little bit, okay?
It's a great show.
I enjoy it.
Thank you so much.
Oh, my god.
Listen, uh, first time calling.
Okay, keep punching those buttons, sir.
They'll do.
Okay. Thanks a lot.
Okay, well, it's very reassuring to notice that the levels on these other calls are okay.
It was that first caller.
Of course, the phone was probably on the floor because he was busy.
Yeah, you're probably right.
Yeah.
And he was practicing for that tournament that he's going to be entering 27 past six on
Zeta on a Thursday morning.
And boy, the tension is really building, isn't it?
You can just feel the tension.
You can almost cut it with a knife or what?
As the you do.
Oh, I mean, it's nice that they're here and all of that.
But I get the feeling that some people get a little carried away with these events over
react.
Yeah, precisely.
That was a good word over react.
Get the hysterical, a pandemonium breaks loose, etc.
Yeah.
How much you want to bet?
We aren't going to hear from any young ladies out there, any eligible young ladies, because
we'd be wanting to take phone numbers.
We would.
Of course.
Probably.
Probably come home.
Pressure's few.
I would guess.
Pressure's in few by climax.
That's coming up next hour.
By the way, we ought to take a look at the playlist.
Shouldn't we be before we take any calls?
Captain Davis got home, I think.
I haven't seen Heidner, Harry Hem.
Let's see.
You got the doors.
That was correct.
Hello, I love you.
I'm no angel by Greg Alman.
I like that.
Bitch by the Rolling Stones.
Definitely not going to play bitch.
Can't play that.
Black magic woman by Santana.
And I see that's another thing on the station.
They are Santana out, man.
I'm telling you.
Those two Santana records, Black magic woman and the evil ways.
Yeah.
And that's meant over and over and over again.
Valerie by Stevie Winwood.
See, now that's that's playable, even though we play it a lot, because it's at least
somebody today wants to hear it again.
Behind blue eyes by who?
That's pretty good.
Spanish eyes by you too.
We got all eyes songs today.
Dr. My Eyes by Jackson Brown.
Yeah.
For what it's worth by Buffalo Springfield, which is ridiculous.
I mean, it's a great record, but geez, why does he keep coming back to that?
It's not the kind of record you play a lot.
No.
Are we talking about music again?
Should I apologize for that?
You see, let me say something, Stan.
I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about.
Okay.
And as I look at the phone, every line is either lit or flashing.
Okay.
So they're all lit up like a honnaque bush.
And it's 6.30 in the morning.
Okay.
We have a lot of excuses.
We could say, well, we've got reasons why people aren't calling.
It's too early, but they are calling.
Yeah.
They don't even have anything to give away.
Wow.
It's in the way you use Eric Clapton.
I saw her standing there by the Beatles.
You belong to the city by Glen Frye.
Lovell find a way by Yes, which I think we've, it's a good record, but I think we've
beaten that into the ground under my thumb by the stones and don't do me like that by Tom
Petty.
There are some stuff in there that, you know, you might think about it.
I've seen worse music.
Yeah.
That's true.
This is not the all time worse.
Yeah.
It certainly is not the all time best.
Right.
Is it theater?
6.30 on the nose on Zeta 4.
And let's continue punching your buttons as they say on the dying AM up at the other end
of the building.
I don't want to say that the AM is dying, but I did see that Florida, mortuary was up
there taking measurements yesterday of the building of the studios.
I'm serious.
I do like those commercials they run though for funeral homes.
Yeah.
Well, right back to back with the arthritis spots.
But this is a little something for our friends on the AM.
We don't want them to get upset.
Okay, let's take another call from Dade County.
Hello.
Neil Rogers.
Yes.
According to the latest birch survey, you're not going to well.
Well, you know something.
The latest birch survey only covers September, October, you know, and it covers like the
first to the 15th of October.
And we weren't even on the air then.
Okay.
You jackass.
Sound like Joey's younger brother.
Did.
Didn't it?
It's about 65.
According to the birch, even if we were doing well in the birch, we would laugh at it anyway.
Okay.
You idiot.
I've been drinking too much birch beer.
Thanks for going to get upset about the birch.
That'll be the day when we get upset.
Like back in the spring, when I had a nine in the arbitrage and birch gave me a two
something.
Yeah, that's birch.
That's Tom Birch, man.
He picks the numbers out of a hat.
You're not doing too well, but you're listening.
I just found his monitoring, I guess.
Another one of those 631, I'm saying before.
Yeah, those monitors, man.
It's like when you were in school.
Didn't they have monitors in the hall?
It's the same.
Same principle.
Yeah.
Principle.
Yeah.
Yeah.
As in the school, a couple of deadlines opened 620, 3600.
The good news is Captain Davis returned with his hurricane shirt.
I'd be embarrassed to wear that.
That's a baseball shirt, so that's okay, because I love the hurricane baseball team.
I thought it was something about storms or something.
Yeah, you would.
Mr. Sports over here.
Okay.
Where should we go next, Captain?
Dave, I guess the one line that's on hold would be a good idea.
That's in Broward.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
One thing about that playlist, it's the same on every radio station down in this area.
And that's why we don't play any of it.
It's music is the pets.
I know it.
Listen to your friends Greg and Donald the other day and they're playing this Elton
John song that's out about Marilyn Monroe.
Oh, yeah.
It's a remake of an older song.
And to the songs over, they start to tell everybody about all the other great songs
on the album and a yellow brick road.
And they're both the name and all these songs that are great songs, but then they don't
play them.
Yeah.
It could be playing good songs, but they're not.
Well, that's an interesting thing about this market.
Most of the stations, as you say, they talk about the great records, but they never play
them.
There's a station in San Francisco that plays, you know, different songs.
Instead of all the lead songs on the album, they play like a cut or two that are, you know,
back on the album.
Yeah, obscure cuts, kind of like we do.
Yeah.
I can see you're as thrilled as I am today about the Zeta live broadcast from the
Orange Bowl.
Well, I'm thrilled.
I don't think is the word.
I think I am waiting with great anticipation, you know, like Carly Simon.
I'm wondering if they're going to get on the air what it's going to sound like, et cetera.
It'll probably sound like six million other cliches that you've heard.
I can't wait to hear Gene Cashman.
Miss Plastic talk about how great Bono is.
Where if Genesis was here, you could fill in the blank and put how great Phil Collins was
or David Bowie.
I mean, her.
She is so plastic.
It's unbelievable.
Well, of course, it's hard to grow here on plastic.
You don't understand that.
So there is a little contradiction there.
But it's what the chances of Stan Major doing a live remote from there.
Well, he ought to.
He's so obsessed with you, too.
I think they're close second to Don Johnson in his heart right now.
In fact, they may have passed it.
So that would be a good point.
At least you'd have some live people over there as opposed to in his studio where he can't
get arrested these days.
I think when he see if he see did he get his YouTube tickets, you know, I don't know.
That's so popular over there with the YouTube tickets is more than I can handle.
I think if he sees you to today, it'll be the first time he ever sees you to.
He talks about him like they're his heroes.
Yeah, oh, yeah.
Well, he's trying to, you know, he's trying to relive a second childhood.
And wait to see a 52 year old man.
Eminete the orange.
Well, maybe they could joy over there, too.
They could have a 72 year old man, Jan.
Speaking of Stan, I got a present from him yesterday.
I got my Pope.
Was it the Pope tour t-shirt?
Yeah.
Well, how come you're ripping him if you got something for free from him?
That's kind of a sour attitude, isn't it?
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Yeah.
I apologize to him.
No, I don't.
Well, at least take it back.
Guess what I'm eating right now.
And it's not pornographic.
What a segue.
A cheeseburger.
Wrong.
What is it?
E.J.
Cinnamon.
Oh, boy.
Are they great or what?
They're the best.
They're just too good to be true.
Wormed it up into microwave.
And it is great.
OK, nothing like warming it up into microwave.
That's what I always said.
Have a great day.
OK, you too.
You too.
He said it again.
6.35 on Zeta 4.
Now, what the hell are you doing this morning?
Do you have me just like, let's play the wanderer by Dianne?
The man is just totally out of control today.
He is nowhere to be found.
Is this him?
Is what him?
This somebody said.
Arthur Sonny Rosenberg.
That's him.
What about him?
Somebody said who the hell cares?
He wrote a thing to action line in the herald.
And we got to go through a whole big deal.
Four years ago, I paid $7,000 to have my bathroom completely
redone.
A plumbers says a new ballcock will fix it.
Oh, what?
Jeez.
I got some great lines for that, son.
If anybody I know needs something.
What is a, how would you define a ballcock?
In other words, he's missing parts is what he's trying to say.
I see.
For the bathroom.
This is Arthur J.
Sonny Rosenberg in Hallendale.
I wrote three times and didn't get a reply.
That's something when you're the mayor of a city of Hallendale and you got a right to
action line about your ballcock and your toilet.
Oh, jeez, sonny.
He's all class, isn't he?
6.36 on Zeta 4.
Let's see.
That's another, we just skip right on through and keep going.
And we have an open line in date at 6.2.0.
3600.
How much you want to bet nobody responds to our subject today?
Why should this show be different from any other day?
Monestana Halala Hazez, they say.
Why is this?
Well, I always say any different from any other morning.
Right.
They ask.
That is a expression from a satir, I think.
Why should today be any, I think.
What do you know becoming a Jewish expert, too, because you got that stupid book?
He's a sports expert this morning.
He's an expert on Judaism.
Next thing you'll be surpassing Rasta.
It's the kosher bird, ladies and gentlemen.
This morning is impersonating an empire kosher chicken.
Or is it K-POP?
It's K-POP.
It's K-POP.
It's K-POP.
Come on, we are going on with the fly.
Oh, yeah.
Shake your shot.
Yeah, work it on full beam.
I'll hunt in your fire.
To the fire, to the fire.
To the fire, to the fire.
To the fire, to the fire.
To the fire, to the fire.
I'll fucking roll.
Okay, do the nerd with D.D. Sharpe.
Very possible.
I could be breaking some new ground soon on Zeta 4.
That could hit the top 10 by the end of the show.
That's pretty good.
I like D.D. Sharpe a lot.
First doesn't fit with this format.
That's why you're playing.
That's exactly why we're playing the trend.
Try to break this format up a little bit.
Broward County, good morning.
Hello.
What do we got?
Another stiff on the phone and Broward?
He has no...
Where the hell is he?
I mean, seriously.
Yeah, speak to me.
How you doing, now?
Okay.
The first time, Carl, I like to talk on your subject.
Okay.
My wife's not buffal right now.
She went to her mother's grandmother died.
Yeah.
I was thinking, maybe Stanley could buy the house.
WKBW's got it open.
What does that have to do with our subject, sir?
I thought you were talking about Stanley.
22 before a 7 on Zeta 4.
The show is very confusing.
Yeah, it really is.
And especially when we keep looking in that control room
and the man is out of control,
I'm getting choked up just thinking about it.
What is he doing this morning?
You're going to have to ask him.
You cannot find this man anywhere.
Like, what if we wanted to play a record right now?
Just for an example.
Oh, well, you wouldn't be able to play.
I guess I would have to go running in there and play it.
Good luck on that.
I'd like to see you getting that board.
There he is.
Oh, there's Captain Dave.
I remember him.
He used to work on a morning show on Zeta.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry for what?
What the hell are you doing?
These phones are flashing.
Take it.
Take it.
Take it.
Take it.
Take it.
Take it.
Take it.
Take it.
Take it.
Take it.
Here's BT-O on ZetaFork.
Get out of here.
Okay.
Let's try another one.
David Coutty, hello.
No idea how you do it.
Okay.
Listen.
Tell Stan if it wants any Me II tickets.
Yeah.
And they're going to be opening X for you two.
Me II, you two?
Yeah.
And R2D2 would be closing it.
Oh, kinda two.
Anyway, remember that song behind Blue Eyes?
Yes, I do.
By the hoof.
Remember the album cover that it was on is called Who's Next?
No.
i don't remember that
i mean i sure if i saw that i would recognize it but uh... i'm not gonna lie to
you say oh yeah i don't it doesn't ring any bells with me
i'll give you an idea because you know me i know nothing about music
it's a it's a big wall
and there's four guys walking away from it
and it seems to be something on the wall
and that's why it was called who's next
i don't be too graphic on the station
icing as in the hand writings on the whole i see
i got it
i may look at the cover okay well maybe we can get like a scratchy copy of the
record instead of playing it off cd we can play the record
because i heard a lot of scratchy music on fm in this market lately i mean
really scratchy
i uh... i heard a new rumor
going out
third year per error
thought he was exonerated yep
and i heard through the great find that after the first year
they're gonna try to get them again
let's be nice pretty exciting yeah
exonerated and uh...
they come back and get you
well uh... he's gonna have a extra back is gonna come to my amie we're gonna
play double jeopardy
have a nice day
nineteen till seven six forty one in the magic city
it sure is mature b
and we have a couple of open lines now boys and girls one in each county in
six two oh thirty six hundred
and in brown and seven seven nine thirty six hundred were asking for uh... in
fact line six it says here has some good trolling spots hello
more than a new how are you okay
i'm a wolfy
wolfy
i love your restaurant
what you're serving was about uh...
picking people up
i'd know i didn't say picking people up i said
meeting people let's try to inject a little class in the show okay
all right well
picking people up that's the way i don't know if you can say that on the road
came out and i met a young lady on the side of the road pushing a baby carriage
on the side of the road
pushing a baby carriage i felt really sorry for it i picked her up
and no i'm going to marry the lady isn't that great
it sure is i've got really lucky i've been going to bars and i've been going to
other places going to the public you never can
find anybody good yeah
i was found on the side of the road on the side of the road man i'm going to start
checking the side of the road from now on
you know can tell what you might find
you bet that's true what you might pick up
you might call you that's what my physician said
you have really like all guys a lot now know my ladies watching and listening on the
radio right now i hope she's watching close all right uh... thanks a lot you have a good day
remember wolfy okay wolfy all right you'll be good now you hear good old wolfy yeah
always good to hear from him six forty two on zeta four and uh...
these calls today man are really this is what we were looking for isn't it
i mean you two doesn't know what they're talking about when they say we still
haven't found what we're looking for speak for yourselves guys because we found
it right here on zeta four we have two open lines and browners seven seven nine thirty
six hundred and while we're waiting for the audience to really get into the
show big time
now we're gonna get a root we're gonna get hung up on the
i know they're gonna he's gonna get you watch
oh that one's busy okay you can call on the uh... great the lukeline great the lukewarm line
that's what they used to say on flipper they used to have a line called the lukeline
you remember luke helping don't say i can't believe you brought flipper up why not
well it is initially bring up anything we can it's true and why do i have all these numbers
like in my pocket i've got all these ridiculous numbers here's howard's turns number
maro lynches number and here's uh here's where they got my cd player they're walking on it
they be working on it and hopefully somebody i'll get it back uh-huh or if not i have the name of
the place where they be working on it was this a bonafide building where you dropped it on it was a house
they came and got it out of your car i don't have that number that you gave me had it yesterday
where did i have i don't remember what it is you know the lukewarm line number capem
i don't remember it here it is great i see you i see bird scratching so i know it's your right
i knew you wouldn't throw that away okay here we go no way
now they're probably pretty busy because those lines they must be oh you know why it's it's
superstar thursday that's right oh boy they're gonna hang up on a second i don't see it because
the word has come down from above that uh you know john moron john moron has calamazoo maybe
yeah has given an edict a dragon down there busy they're busy are they i'm losing all my stuff out
of my wallet hello don't hang up the phone come on be a sport who's the superstar today
come on guys can't talk to you what is it you're on the air by the way
are they gonna hang up the phone i think they did yeah i already hung up they hung up very quietly
while you were talking i think oh there it goes they hung up the phone but they were laughing but you
were right i told oh i knew he'd get hung up on because uh he's got no i can't say got no balls
he's like uh gotless all of a sudden did i say to him yesterday he should really
i make a cause of this he's getting a lot of free publicity and there's absolutely no reason why
we can't all be friends in fact i was thinking of asking donald to cut a new card to replace it's
a good time for a good taste that's getting old where he just said hi Neil bye boy oh that'd be great
oh that would be a classic we'd play it over and over again and give full credit where credit is
due they won't do it of course they won't do they won't even speak to us on the phone we're
competition oh yeah we're better hot competition and of course uh that shows you how paranoid
oh they are gloves ninety four oh and if you listen to that show lately uh you've got they have
good reason to be now that paranoid would not be the accurate term paranoid means fear that is
unjustified you're right so that is not the right that is not the right word at all you think
management is bad here and you do have some good points i think i think the phrase that we might
use is they are scared blankly yeah at least Gary Lawrence is jovial that's a jovial guy the
management here is a breeze it's a breeze compared to the management at that oh yeah no gary's a good
guy he's uh you know not too bright but he's a good guy i like him personally i do i like him a lot
he just might his own business and he's hands off the show no he said yesterday as a matter of fact
when i came into sign all his important important documents right he said um that everywhere he goes
that people are talking about the show and everything is great and wonderful and all of that stuff same
with where i everywhere i get nervous when he says that because then i know we're doing something
very wrong what he says have you got to talk about howlandale why can't you just be general why do
you have to be when he says something like that then i know that's the time to really tear into it
well just keep with your continuing philosophy that you have used successfully for years listen
to management and do the opposite of what they say in your bond of six years now these guys you
just tried to talk to didn't they used to have like a bit they used to mention you on the air every
day every day at eight fifty five the your i just did a big neo-rodger's theater and see then
i was on a m saying that's at a different time and different times lot but now that we're on
fm and in the same time slot they are parent no they're not paranoid they're scared blankless yeah
yeah bleepless yeah it gloves 94 i think you're absolutely actually have no show to be honest with
it they have absolutely no show at all non non radio people have told me that because i've never heard
it i think i've heard like just a couple of seconds there there's no show and he plays like that
three stu just thing over and over and over again and it was probably funny the first 400 times
he has the worst sidekick in not in radio in the history of the human race yeah radio is the worst
sidekick in history in human race that's a great tonto and even the cavemen had better sidekick
so okay you got it even the Greeks had better side man has a perfect last name yeah agony it does
put me into agony when i hear that boy bet oh i'm not going to play the card i'm tempted to but
i'm not going to do it because i'm hurt my feelings are wounded call them active we extended the
hand of friendship and they chopped it off and how's john moron gonna know you well he'll hear
it on this air yeah what's that well i'm sure he listens he's monitoring us all you bet okay if
there any people in the business who are monitoring us give us a call okay we'll even give you our
a lukeline i don't have any idea what the number is it now why don't we go back to that yesterday
we were talking about that fact that we have a hotline yeah on zeta and we don't even know it nor do
we have it on the phone we used to have a warble and if that uh goofball peter boulder is listening
what's the story on that pete don't we have a right to know the hotline number and how come it's not
on this phone it is it's right here on your phone not in here we can't punch that up on the air oh
i thought you met the number um how come Chris parked in that spot do you think there's any
particular reason for it is that an omen see what he's doing he's out working that's the van
you see the van that's the van that's going to the uh you two concert what do you mean that's the van
looks like his car to me no no no over here oh you can't see the big van oh yeah well it's not
really big anymore it's like a win a bigo you mean to go get him maybe you could do like an
on the spot interview what did you say did you make an anti-attagging slur only moments ago i said
it it's like a win a big oh i'm sure i can't believe you said that call now and win a day go
isn't it like a you know is that like maybe we could have him wander around the building for the
rest of the morning you know he's at least he's not dangerous when he's doing that i'm sissy and i
can say that you're sissy yeah okay here's Simon and Garfunkel and sissy yeah i'm zeta four i just uh
that's like that movie you were reviewing what was it what movie the sicklein
well the oh yeah the sissy in no no you didn't call it that it wasn't even close the silicon yeah
it was about uh high tech in California the valley yeah oh jeez okay let's do the news here huh nothing
depressing nothing too heavy don't panic because it'll be over before you know that's right
10 of seven now on zeta four from nine to eleven two tonight mbc's broadcast of the presidential
debates tallied a nine rating of fifteen share now that is less than tom brokaw's exclusive
interview with soviet leader mcgel Gorbachev on monday now mcgel yeah he's uh that that
Spanish Russian guy yeah how do you say it miss dial mica i can't see i can't uh it's like
hits but i can't uh anyway abc won that timeslot with moon lighting in thirty something they got a
uh twenty nine share cbs is jake and the fat man and the law and harry magral got a twenty two share
and again the presidential debates got a fifteen share now tonight fans will get their emotional
fill with the first of a two-parter marking not landings two hundredth episode i can't wait for that
we've always said our plots are not close to reality but our reactions to those plots are as close
as possible that's david jacob's the shows creator and director of this two-parter they're going to
be shooting down a mills through plutonium on the show tonight when tragedy strikes whether a
puzzling murder or a devastating drug problem all the characters get involved in the trauma they
talk about it over late night leftovers or lament it when they run into each other at the grocery
store and unlike on dynasty or falcon crest knots ye is not gonna bore you according to the creator
so that's it tonight big night tonight huh is it really is pat peenerson gonna be on the show tonight
doesn't say but i'm sure he will well and it will be a big night tonight okay and it's gonna be
unlate because there's an interview with president raygan oh you may want to get your tape
machine rolling tonight mostly sunny today high of seventy two mid fifties again tonight and
currently fifty seven on zeta four were coming up on six fifty two meal wakes me up in the morning
in the morning meal wakes me up with a smile with a smile
drinking my coffee lunch and i'm a donut with say the four of the dog
get ready to go to slow with meal with say the four on a dial
trying to work in my room with a dolly male with say the four on my dial oh really
we up meal meal meal meal
six fifty five on zeta four and a third perdiні and uh let's continue with those
calls because they've been so good so far that it's almost indescribable date downy Hello
I know yes sir listen uh I heard that yourulu sich bo guide are runningason lar-toward
radio stations that are making you suck last place
what
what is that what are you talking about are you going to lie to your small
audience
all here we go this is the same car we had before from joe's the shop yeah
right away
yet
and on and on and on he goes and worry stops nobody are you the monitors
sir is that it
that's what happens when you listen to joe folks you become totally
psychotic yeah
what what what did he say that he was talking about the fact that again that
we uh... rent space on again at towered stations that uh... you know put us
in the last place or something like that
but this is the same guy called me for about the numbers he the point is
here there really are no numbers yet
now he's not chewing on his nails he's probably practicing for that same
tournament that our first caller is practicing for
uh... let's go to uh... the city county hello
and the old yeah
okay
all the levels of his phone for just absolutely horrible yet go ahead
nearly well yeah but not well
uh... i think that guy uh... just before me was very ill in
yeah
but uh... while he's probably joe's brother
the ad
uh...
i hear that uh...
all three of the network the bc and bc and cbs are
buying for uh... Gwen Hill's uh...
news
well nbc has got the uh...
they have the inside track because the peacock uh... has little
country
uh...
because uh... he's just
uh...
yeah
uh...
uh...
well
yeah he was good
he probably met at the blue light
that was woofy
yeah wolf wafi in kmart
uh... the blue the blue light
yeah i know i don't know i think it was at the red light so red light
i think you're out of confused
and one of the i'll
uh...
boy is this guy i mean
did anybody ever tell you you got like a real boring voice
well i'm telling it
i mean i'm like terminal
uh... terminal
no terminal boring
if you would play the uh...
the song uh... be true to your school
maybe
if we have time
okay it's uh... no repeat there is not all request
uh...
this audience man picking up where the am audience left out
left off or whatever
whatever is he a wandering again it's time for the idea i have no idea where
the only is or what he is doing he is just
uh...
encourageable today i have no idea what the hell in fact in the middle of the
spot break there was a spot playing and he was out of there again he's running
back and forth and
you know whatever it is he's putting together better be award winner i'll tell you
that
here he is
oh here he is ladies and gentlemen
cc the way the show runs is basically when he's good and ready that's when we
do whatever is coming up next i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm sorry
sorry
gloves means never having to say your sorry
that's what the that's what Greg and Donald said when they hung up on us only
moments ago i just i didn't bring any food with me and i'm a little
can you believe that they had the unmitigated call
to hang up
you said they would in other words they think they were going to stop calling
we will call them every day
but we still we still got the nervous laughter
yeah very nervous as in scared bleepless
yeah
are we going to do the idea you're going to stand there with your stupid
suspenders on uh... pondry now you know why he wears suspenders lately don't
you
oh they're not suspenders what are those
there's a some of the our suspenders really like old work suspenders my
roommate from england calls these braces the uh...
program director occasionally wears suspenders okay
braces
what they call them in the United Kingdom
making sense okay there goes the zeta fan man it really looks uh... hot doesn't it
both of them both fans we have two of them
yeah we have the zeta fan and they have the special youtube fan the zeta motor
home the motor home
i'm impressed yeah this is really big and are we sending these a motor boat out
there too i don't know about that
but this is the less about that the better right
okay we're going to do the damn idea already or what
you're just sitting there be messing with each other
it's seven oh one already it's a pre-YouTube concert
christmas countdown no repeat get ready for the weekend third day
on wzta my mv port lauderdale and the palm beaches
zeta four and the neo-rodger show
all right i think it was worth it
all that time that he's been spending running around this morning you think
that was worth the time and effort that took that to like thirty seconds to
do well stay tuned to find out what else he's been doing this morning
now back to the neo-rodgers program on twelve forty w gba
here again america's youngest talk show host six year old neo-rodgers
okay i guess for don't mail and there's four minutes left in the hour
holistic some calls all in hello how's it going great
that's good listen i can't film my subscription to the Rochester Democrat
and coronacle of the good audience see what an abortion that paper is
then i asked how many other people did like life and they said no my business
yeah well they're real nice over there okay well i just thought i'd let you know
you're a friend american have a nice life while hello i want to speak to neo
you got them am i on yeah neo-rod
yeah
neo-rods think he pink old glue sniffing bad water at a pansy
break all this day so far did he say pansy let's see get off what a mong bring
i run my bike thirty miles every Saturday to do this show and this guy called me
named shame on you to shame on you for the way have you seen some of those
bag boys at the new amp
no one are you cackling about a good this is my gun
a million producers in the world and they fit me in here with an egg
sh** is my car
semiconductor castle hello
hall nail
you're used to be such a nice boy and now you're so terrible
yeah but you can't shut it off you can't shut it off
i don't need this
i have offers from other stations
a tavia al-Mira
a Fredonia
but instead i stay here and entertain you grotesque sub-human dude bags
unbelievable to me but hello
hello is this neo-rods
what kind of phone are you on sir
how's that again
do you have a dial phone or what
no i have to put it to the operator
let's let's knock into that
hey i was listening to joey renell's on wkbw last night
somebody asked you
did you hear what he's been saying about you
no i don't listen anymore he's a daughtering old man
he claims he's only forty
yeah right and do we be true to
oh shut up egg your pathetic
and if you think he's bad now
wait till he hatches
oh boy
okay when we come back
maybe the egg will come out of his shell
but i hope not
no neo-rodgers
the rock and roll monster
okay now listen
listen carefully
hear those tones
okay just we're adjusting our ears
ladies and gentlemen
listening to the four hundred cycle tone
listen to that one that's my favorite
real high-pitch one
that means it's almost time for the sandy patent show
when you hear that tone
seven oh five on zeta four
are there any radio listings
i think the herald is like going out of the radio listing business
now that they didn't replace Linda X Thornton
and they have no radio columnist
and it seems like the radio listings are rapidly disappearing to it
could be because you're reading them on the air and making a mockery of them
you think that's possible
no okay
al rantell three p.m. drunk driving attorney Richard Essen
oh jeez not again
will debate bill dot a triple a
about DUI laws
i listen to jerry witchner nine o'clock night w n w s
eric einds dead and jone karen wale trainers
from the Miami-C aquarium
that ought to be a show
maybe Luke Alpin will be on that show
you think flipper will show up
i wonder if anybody knows his flipper still alive
wouldn't that be a good trivia question
all flippers dead
how do you know that
because i used to know someone who actually
worked at the c aquarium years ago
well why did you say it would such glee enjoy
i think is dead
i thought it was you know there were
there were several flippers it's sort of like glassy
i mean there's some other dolphins that we'd like to see
you know take a long c.s. or a hike
but the real the original flipper is dead
you didn't know that
and Luke Alpin is still alive though right
i hate to be the one
i went into him on a set last summer
no
a dom de la wee's move
doing what
he was on one of the people
one of the extras yeah
okay seven oh seven let's do the weather
get that done because we this hour we actually have
a few things to do not not a whole lot
but we got a few things to do here
all right mostly sunny high 72 today
low to night back into the mid 50s
and it's 57 degrees it's eight of four
seven oh seven
ever since the collection opened a discount cheap store
they've outsold every Jeep dealer in Florida
in fact many months
the Jeep Eagle collection
outsold every Jeep dealer in Miami
put together
holy Cherokeys Batman
how does the collection do it
quite simply Robin
price all we do is
discount jeeps
save up to four thousand dollars on jeeps
four thousand dollars
all we do is discount jeeps
order a new 1988 Cherokey
from 99 99
because all we do is
discount jeeps
Cherokeys 99 99
the Jeep Eagle collection
158th at US one
at the Jeep Eagle collection
all we do is
discount jeeps
you can bet your mud flaps
we'll beat any deal
I know that the Lord even loves
Neal Rogers it's seven oh eight
four thousand dollars on jeeps
eight of four thousand dollars
wait till you hear this call that we're gonna make
you are just gonna freak out
are you ready?
sorry you're sorry
sorry for what?
look at this movie that opens tomorrow
death row game show
boy like that
yeah
they says chop toden the host
wants you to die laughing
okay now you think they're gonna get upset
when we tell them that they're on the air
oh well they be oh they're gonna get you don't know who i'm calling
oh do you?
you're not really
yes i am
let me buckle my seatbelt
this ought to be a great call if they ever pick it up
is this the hotline or the loop line
oh i didn't say i think he said hot
hot hot
how hot
how hot is it? it's so hot that they can't even touch the phone
are you gonna they won't pick it up
hello hello
who is this?
this is Neil Rogers bill
you're on the air on set
for yeah you're on the air right now bill so watch yourself
what happened did he hang up?
yes he did
oh he's just hanging up
that was call waiting
how can you have call waiting in a room
what are you doing Joey
there's another show calling hang out a second
okay it's probably Greg
he's just hanging
he's just hanging
call waiting
what are these guys doing out of it?
probably uh it probably taping this now
somebody probably knew you were calling it
no they didn't
why do you think they're monitoring us?
what did you do? put us on hold
Neil
I mean this is a big time radio show
we don't have time to be put on hold
they're not on hold
are we on the air?
we have a cheap phone system
okay do you really? is it who is this?
Joey!
what are you doing?
how are you doing Joey?
what's going on you scusboth?
oh big gosh darn did you see the thing?
you're on the air right now Joey
oh that's alright
come on you know
why are you making us out to be enemies when we're so much alike?
we could have been cloned
I know it well listen you're not my type Joey come on
did you see the article?
Joey will you listen to me for a second please?
let me ask you one question
okay I love it Joey I love being close to you
did they make you take that asshole song off?
yes they did
well because the corporate people are assholes
and they you know we're taking it personally
it took my arm too yesterday
did they really?
wait a minute ladies and gentlemen
here's a major bullet and Joey lost his asshole yesterday on she
I can't
still with me
and management meetings are going to cut us into one
well I'll tell you those radio management people
they're all cut out of the same mold aren't they?
yeah me and I love you there's only one person in town who feels terrible about your move
and who's that Joey?
man major he lost his ass
I know what is he going to get an act what's his story anyway
he's like the shadow I mean everything you do he does in our letter what is he Chinese food?
yesterday he got a great idea said he's going to start opening his mail on the air now
wonder where he got that idea
no matter what his publicity photos they are to use his death electrase I think they're a extractor
by the way Joey we got a call from Stan Roberts on the other line now
Stan Roberts
I know I'm going to throw names at you boy and Tom Shannon's waiting
to as a matter of fact
let's plug that guy who wrote the article about us in the top floor of the magazine
that's what I was trying to say when you kept interrupting me Joey
his name is Logan maybe
maybe
how much pretty I am in you
you're pretty good
as a matter of fact I want to tell you something Joey I got you you know on your
mortgage application
yeah thanks for reading it on the areas guys
I didn't give the address though I couldn't have done a lot worse but anyway I got your address and I'm going to tell you
I'm going to come over and hang out a while you know
I'm on over I love you there's only a new star 20 from for you to hang out
Neil
you're on an AM station as a hero in my book you're like hey time is the quieting you got no problem with me
exactly I always knew you were a good guy Joey
I love you I'll see you soon bye bye bye
bye bye
oh that was a good call
he was real nice that was an excellent call that was an award winning call Joey you're okay
we're not going to plug those other thinkers from now on
we'll call Joey every morning at least he's
cordial yeah I mean see he understands it's just a radio show
okay he doesn't really bear any personal animosity toward us
I don't know do we bear any personal animosity toward him of course well
no we don't I haven't even met Joey I haven't even when I was a little kid growing up
I used to hear Joey on the air and he was about 40 yeah
it's a matter of fact you're right and I always admired him and just worshiped the ground that he spat on you know
that was a 180 degree turn from the other folks I know
well first about a half an hour ago if you're getting up a little late this morning folks
uh we called as we always do our good friends we thought our good friend Greg and Donald
former and they were hostile and uh hung up
they did the nervous laughter surface again but they were very hostile
and all of a sudden bingo that we were gone and I said you know that really hurts my feelings
so somebody gave us the she hotline
and I thought let's give it a shot because I know that Joey being the old pro
and I old is the definitive word that he is that we'd have a good time
and we did he actually got a couple of lines in there we got a couple of shots and it was great
now isn't it a thrill to talk to someone who you like sort of worshiped when you were a child
when I was a little kid growing up kind of a mentor he was a role model to me
yeah yeah and when he got came in Hartford he was a role model
and now it's just a joke Joey it's just a joke he's a good guy
yes well he was sure nice on the phone yeah he uh we talked about Logan maybe
and the article in South Florida by the way it's the uh December issue of South
Florida magazine for those of you groupies out there
and it's on page 44 and the uh article is called talking heads
Neil Rogers and Joey Reynolds invade FM radio and we were just on together we just made radio
history for right that's right all right
and Greg could have done yeah Greg we could have done the same thing with Greg
every day in the show in fact last week it seemed like we were having a pretty good time and they were
yuking it up and uh but that's it we're finished with them we got a new
what do you what do you think Gary Lawrence must think about oh my god see
because we weren't on the air with him i know he was he must be playing a record
because we were not on their air but i don't care about that that doesn't phase me
is that bother you well um or you got to think about that one for a while
i was still thinking no no i was still thinking
do we find the young ladies for uh some of our friends and that was a
difficult it's obviously so difficult that nobody's responded to it incredible response
i know it the phones are smoking i was still thinking about Gary Lawrence's reaction to
putting you know he's probably smoking right now after hearing the call yeah i was
thinking that if he had any problems like captain david had last week
that they're all sobbed now that's what in other words it's a moving experience i think that's
what i'm trying to say would you agree with that i would think so yeah yeah in fact he's
probably doing the green apple quickstep even as we speak
i know this gets a nuts
7.15 on zeta 4 the only station in america where we call the competition
and put them on the air because we're not insecure here we're not paranoid we're not insecure
and we know that when the results come in from the outlying districts from okchobie and
emokkali from keel argo and all those other wonderful places that we will prevail again
yeah that's not gonna take a little while but we'll do okay yeah i think so i think we'll be fine
we'll be just fine as they say in the aviary we do however have a couple of
deadlines that are suspiciously open that are vacant on the lines 620 3600
620 3600 if there's anybody else that's got the inside line at any of the other stations we got to
get tanner's line two because tanner would not get paranoid tanner's a great guy and a good friend
no i meant to call him yesterday and i just and you were forgot about it slipped your
uh hind okay yeah let's go to a broward county hello hi Neil hi how you doing hi how are you what's
wrong that's why why big least got made me the poster boy who did
riggly's riggly's for the 1988 poster boy calendar yeah you see fruit gum
you wanted me to pick my favorite celebrity will you pose with me big boy oh i would love to
i would be flattered okay if you were cool give me a ring okay bye bye
ciao that was a good call i like that yeah i did too that's not it like Donald didn't a little okay a lot
now that you're mentioned and he did say boy boy a broward county hello hi my name is Lisa
yes Lisa yeah i'm wolfies girl and i just want to call up and tell him that i love him if he's
listening and i'm a real lucky person well now maybe you can fill us in on that story Lisa
because the story started a little bit peculiar to me you know i'm saying yes well i was going
through a real hard time in my life i just got the car accident i was on the road waiting for
the bus and just the bus with my baby girl pick up my kids and wolfie went by don't sorry for me
and turned around and came back and i got in and something told me it was all right
and fantastic that's great yeah i'm a real lucky person i just want to call him up and tell
my love him well this is wonderful and in other words you both listen to the show every day
yes we do i use to listen to one oh four waxy oh no he changed uh what a four yeah
listener now great well that's a great story and it's good hearing from you Lisa
thank you very much have a good day bye bye okay she said that too i said a lot though waxy 104
yeah you know what 104 is that's life oh it is yeah lifeless um-hmm numero uno in south Florida that's
because we've got so many brain dead people here what the hell was that that was captain Dave again
that was his life that's their frequency isn't it that was his big contribution to the show
was that feedback that you just heard what are their frequency camp day i don't know where they are
on the dot i worked there for a while but i don't know what i know you worked there but you don't
know where they are on the dial it's 104 speaking of not knowing where they are on the dial here comes
our program director who couldn't get arrested if his life depended on it there he is peter bulger
with the lights what is with the headlights today is that is that means something it's not talking
yeah you said for you to yeah must be oh i see of course uh ten o'clock gonsor's going to be
trying to broadcast live from the orange blind to broadcast well let's not get carried away
what peter's here early he's got does he have a tie on today or is this spenders sweater a sweater
yeah cardigan cardigan cardigan sweater oh boy i'm so impressed wow
but uh he's here pretty early today because there's a lot of pressure and a lot of tension see we're
taking it very lightly and uh have a kind of a flip attitude toward the whole thing
but i got news for you man there's big pressure for this you two thing to come off right
always given given away all those damn tickets right and uh you know majors been having an
nervous breakdown now Joey did have a good point and uh stands a good friend of mine and i would
never never say anything seriously it's all said like tongue in cheek but he does not have a
show anymore because i'm not over there and yesterday he was you remember when he was begging you
were in there when i called he was begging for the new Elvis bit uh christmas time with Elvis i
didn't get it begging shamelessly like a child and he had done junior on again yesterday
guess what they were talking about i can't imagine how many guesses do i get
seven twenty this is day to four and a publicist for Madonna says the singers marriage to actor
Sean pinn is definitely on the rocks but she says divorce papers have not yet been served
New York Daily News reporter Liz Smith reported last week that pinn had told friends that
Madonna had served him with papers and had thrown him out of the couple's home on thanksgiving
publicist Liz Rosenberg says the papers haven't been served yet but will probably be forthcoming
you know something just dawned on me what's that you know how joy was so friendly and he was he was
tinkling all over me and about getting a nine share on the end of this market you're a hero to him
uh yeah he worships the ground and i guess he also saw the most recent numbers too
and Ohio liquor law that forbids using Santa Claus to promote alcohol as taking a bite out of
an anhyzer bush beer campaign featuring spudds McKinsey in Santa garb the Ohio Department of
liquor control gave anhyzer bush until today to remove but light beer cartons bearing pictures
of the bull terrier adorned in a red cap jacket and mittens okay today is furland huskies birth day
furland huskies since you gone he is sixty remember that are we gonna play that this hour on a
vetschskir yeah for furland huskir Andy Williams is 59 today and one of your idols in life
john luke gaddar the famous movie director oh sure is 57 oh i like Andy Williams
mm-hmm because he made a lot of money and he disappeared and he comes on every year with his
Christmas special and that's it and the rest of the time he's busy and he doesn't bother us
and he leaves us alone and he's letting other people make some money and we like that just like
Lucy yeah mostly sunny today high of seventy two like Bob hope yeah let itite mid fifties
fifty seven on zeta four seven twenty two seven twenty four on zeta four this buddy nevans
continues to be one of america's great unsung comedians you know that seriously there are a lot
of people like buddy hack it they would talk about if you mention buddy they would never think
of buddy nevans but this guy's got a sense of humor that is unbelievable and in the slum
sentinel today on page uh... whatever it is in the front of the metro section section b
mm-hmm is this article which we are going to talk about the scenario because i guess we could
but there's no point in getting into it but uh you know how much indecency goes on in this show
it's usually from the engineering department but but anyway and then of course there's they always
got to get a quote from steve i love that steve says i've never heard of anything like this agreement
it really puts me on the spot to control himself yeah just when the book comes out steve try to control
yourself okay and then it goes on and here's my favorite part of the article which uh our illustrious
program director just handed us now listen to this carefully see because buddy nevans called me
yesterday and i've learned i don't return his calls okay i don't want anything to do with him he's
among brain he's an idiot he manufactures news that doesn't exist and of course all of these
myriad of investigations that are going on of this show you know there ought to be an investigation
of you buddy like where the hell did you come from talk about picking somebody up on the side of
street near came art i think during a little lights it says quote in the past several weeks station
managers have ordered rogers to drop comedy routines containing sexual material and play more
rock music the talk show host has conceded while on the air you haven't played one record today
we haven't played any music today do the bird by dd sharp dd sharp was as close as we came to playing
a record we'll play a you two little later to pacify management but uh... that's probably going
to be about it and as far as all the stuff that we dropped now we did drop uh... penis envy right
that's a little about the other some can relate to it but or maybe he can relate to it maybe that's
what the problem was up in portland i've got nothing to stop and think about it that could be the problem
i know i know he has michael j fox disease i always thought it was weird that a man that is
now it's like kind of like a smooth spot i'm sorry i just had always thought it was weird that a man
had penis envy i just found that that's that bob yogurts in for you but anyway that was the one
that and then joey admitted that they took his asshole rucket away from him yesterday yesterday it was
pulled yeah so to speak and uh... so you know so what's the big deal but like we're going to
clean up our act and you know buddy i'm telling you you just manufacture crap out of thin air out of his
little brain there now where did he get this that may have to play more rock music where did he get this
you know why he thinks that because like the day before thanksgiving we played a lot of music and
thanksgiving day we played almost all music and i said we were going to do that right that was your
decision yeah and we did it because we felt like it not because we had any edict to play a lot of
music you jackass buddy nevin's okay want everybody in the audience no seriously i want everybody in
the audience to call buddy nevin's at the Miami bureau of the sunsend well maybe we'll get that
number a little later okay yeah and asking what his story is you know what his problem is he keeps
making things up this whole paper is like that well no well they don't have room for a lot of news
because they have all that advertising don't ever believe anything you read the sunsend
okay now what time does that spot run the captain day okay 27 past seven you do realize they're
an advertiser on the show you do understand that i know that what did you just say that you like
the paper a lot yeah love it okay i thought you said we read it first oh here he is i mean like we
can really afford okay where are we going next uh so we can shut him up i had one one yeah Neil
yes sir no i've been on the hold right 45 minutes well i'm sorry about that you know i get emotional
well i know uh listen i just i just want to bend my flame a little bit on a a subject matter that's
been troubling me for a couple days now okay uh listen i want to know how come out of the three
a r station yes sir uh you guys classify yourself as playing rock and roll okay uh what do you all
consider rock and roll well that and i see you yes the wrong guy that because that really gets me
very irritated that i don't want to get irritated no no listen listen to me not letting me finish
you're not getting me irritated it irritates me that these kids today think that they have the
the corner on what they call rock and roll so for example when she when a or some years ago
that was supposed to be in fact you've seen it but their bumper sticker still says she is only
rock and roll over the health center or she used to be only rock and roll right and uh you know
that's the definitive rock and roll to me rock and roll can be Elvis Presley and um uh uh uh
fat stomino and bill hailey right rock and roll is like anything since 1954 that isn't like uh
you know barbara stris and a Neil diamond what about that fun uh these guys play uh i got my
mind set on you now that that's really a stupid song no it's not a stupid song it's a great record
it's a good record but the song really like what what you just said is blasphemous sir that's one
of the greatest records in the history of music okay well i mean i want to know something the lyrics
aren't all that great but it's just it's an infectious record it's great it's a fun record
it sounds like the old days it's for the people who want to reminisce about oh can you remember that
tune no it's not no they play it on MTV yeah what's wrong with TV eight nothing either but listen
wait a minute wait a minute mr mr musical expert since you're the definitive expert on
rock and roll why don't you define it for us rock and roll yeah you want it okay well it's in a
difficult question sir okay i'll tell you what your playlist of rock and roll no i don't want
to know what our playlist i just want you to define rock and roll for me what is it okay some
okay Boston oh okay well you you can see me as a young punk kid but uh i don't know how
all right wait a minute how old are you i'm 19 why don't you're not a punk i'm just a kid but you're
not a punk i'm still young okay but what i want to know the whole point of my discussion is
Boston is like a bubble gum almost you see Boston is bubble gum compared to rip that i got
a mindset on you yes compared to compared to George Harrison compared to anything Boston is
bubble gum okay i agreed how about oh get out of here that Peter Boulder he makes up the music
list so what the hell does he know that speaks for itself what i want to know is uh out of the three
a workstation how come all you all found the same did now see you won't answer the question though
is that interesting i ask you a question and now you're asking me more questions okay what was the
question what what do i consider rock and roll yeah that is very good memory that was when you said
Boston is that is how about other cities like Chicago okay have you listened to 95 YNF and
that's what i consider rock and roll i thought nine isn't it rbq and tell it's they're called
good like five yNF and f sorry i say frequently rock and roll and you guys play that you know
where you say new Rogers the rock and roll animal yeah the rock and roll animal you're really
listening very carefully that's j michael's with the rock and roll animal well i don't know
would you answer the question you give me Boston so far that's an impressive list okay my
you're gonna you're gonna hate my plate my uh correction rock and roll
i'm sure that of what you uh your age in my age my my impression of rock and roll would be
like judis crease pet new jid yeah and if it's not that it's not rock and roll what you're saying if
it's not motley true judis judis christ judis priest yeah did you got like a turbo rubber oh yeah
yeah you know that's that's our bubble gum rock and roll yeah you probably are in the jettboy
jet girl too aren't you know no no elton motello right uh i put the main question okay um so i can
make this short you get all yeah it's only been like five minutes the audience is going into a
coma but go ahead you're a great caller but uh how come out of three air air air stations no one
caters to dust kids that want to hear judis priest and whatnot the after eleven o'clock why don't we
crank on some like yeah Peter why don't we crank on some heavier stuff after eleven o'clock now you
guys can clean up i'm telling you i've i've made a poll i've called everybody i've called she i've
called gti i've called you and uh and you know what the problem is you're the only one one
who wants to hear that crap gonsy agree agrees with me and uh god's it doesn't know he doesn't
know rock and roll from his earlobe okay okay one of the three they all agree with me whoever
out of the three a r r r ever got it it's gonna pick up those extra
people all right no i can i ask you a question you remember when k one oh two which is now magic
maybe yeah i know i'm sure you do you remember when they tried to play all the crap that you're
talking about i know what happened what happened i understand that but he didn't have the backers
that you guys got what do you mean backers they didn't have the listeners there's no audience
for it sir there's no audience for it okay it's narrow one percent yeah one percent you can't
make a format that's that narrow all right right okay so why don't you pick up that one percent from
twelve to one in the in the morning so in other words throughout the other ninety nine percent is
in it well i mean how how many nine ninety nine percent of the people i mean if i think what you
want is obscure cuts and listen no station in america plays more obscure cuts than we do between
midnight and one in the morning i come i come to work in the morning and i wonder if Peter
moon is playing music or if my radio is just like self-destructing or something making gutter will sounds
i just wanted to find out and i guess i guess you guys feel that
us kids that uh what is us kids what does that mean for all of us that listen that are
or into a little bit heavier stuff than that for both of you yeah
the George Harrison then they love it let me ask you a question let me ask you a question sir are
you listening to me yes i am let me ask you a question right do you have a in your car
yeah do you have a cassette deck i have uh yeah i got closer
yeah i got an expensive stereo in your car right
yeah thank you i have a very large system i got
well we don't want to get into that but uh you've got an expensive stereo system in your car
right well why don't you just play cassettes that's what i do fine so what's the problem
well you get kind of tired you like to hear somebody you know problem with these people like
okay okay not so heavy but maybe like some David Lee Roth what was it what was it
what was it David Lee Roth David Lee Roth is like a pansy sir are you out of your mind
that's that's rock and roll that's you know it could change sir have you guys i can have you
sir let me ask you a question i'm sure you've seen the video california girls with David Lee
well okay now you know have you ever in your life seen anybody camp it up like he does and
you're telling me that that's rock and roll no okay i'll agree with you that here's a little
you know he's not what he isn't but he appears that way okay he puts on a good act in other
words he makes bun joe v looked like uh hercules all right okay but you're heaviest music that you
play as white snake other than that you guys he makes he makes europe look like Charles Atlas and drag
you don't even play it like acdc i'll call up a request acdc well we don't have to play because most
of the people who work here are acdc right or how about madras what are you some kind of a religious
freak with judas priest and nazareth when you just get off the religious craps sir come on
okay you can listen to wiggle if you want to hear that but near uh i do enjoy your show don't get me
wrong i know i can tell this has been the longest phone call in the history of my show
so you gotta admit it's not like someone who's not on you i love you you know there's really
blame that's true now this has been exciting i mean between boss didn't the judas priest
okay have a wonderful day sir okay and your taste sucks it's a 736 on zeta 4 we're gonna do a break
now are we and then we'll come right back after we get some more musical experts on the phone
where does a use car dealer get used cars maybe at a use car auction the collection doesn't rely on
auctions we get about 500 customer trade-ins every month fantastic cars pre-owned volvos BMWs
and porches pre-owned toyotas Nissan's and humbuss pre-owned Chevy's olds mobiles and forwards
how does the collection sell so many trades quite simply price the collection has discount use
car centers at every showroom bird road in us one southwest 158th street in us one
9200 northwest 27th avenue ps the collection doesn't keep every trade we keep the best and
wholesale the rest where at those used car auctions why buy from a used car dealer you can get a
pre-owned car from the collection okay peter have a wonderful trip and all of that stuff
i bought your son is way down to the youtube concert which starts what in about 12 hours
this the zeta broadcast center this is almost like the orange bowl express you know how i od
starts the dolphin games that hours ahead of the game time well that's what we're doing with the
youtube concert man we're milking it for everything that it's worth yeah we know what we're doing
okay but we have a little uh ten new gen coming up in just a moment well we are it's exciting
here today is kind of exciting i'm starting to feel the excitement build that attention is mounted
you could cut it with a butter knife so we're gonna play some youtube no not right this moment
i told you what we're gonna play we're gonna play uh the standard cut okay that everybody else
would play um not gonna play some obscure cut from some uh exactly is that okay with you
and we'll make that last car real them sure you think so i he didn't uh sound like he's into you
too i didn't mention there are little two um commercial commercial for him people i like the
October CD well i'm glad send it to him good name it address and you know it too while you're
at it give me his phone number okay let's uh continue on say to with these sterling calls man
here so good today we're getting a lot of good trolling places all boy setting up all kinds of date
for my desperate friend date county hello hello yes sir how you doing okay i can stay for the record
that that last call was a total jerk wait he uh knows nothing about music yeah well when he said
Boston i kind of uh those are two pretty heavy uh artists right there yeah i mean i got to
want to be packed in a crate of mong in center Barry mow yeah good idea right and then he could hear
some real rock and roll there are no music experts anybody says it's a music expert is the wire
because music is so diversified it's very subjective it's such a personal fact right that's why I
play what i like you know i uh i was always a devoted listener of yours on a m night and i have to admit
for a couple of days i uh while i was on the fm band i tuned in and flew out of stations yeah
and uh so you might want a definitive short version of the uh of what they play it's it's
unbelievable uh real fast uh magic um they are totally clear for Gary pocket and a yong
gap younger a lot that's true yeah a lot and uh this girl is a woman now yeah
hot 105 lady willpower they have this promo that says we don't play the same songs over and over
like other stations yet their playlist is Madonna and expert right um is right i never
listen to that station i'm asking if i'm learning a half a day it just drove me totally you know
berserk uh there is one obscure cut which i tried to get uh uh request or magic and they never
heard of it and i think it's a great song you you know one of you efficient on us probably
uh it's called concrete and clay by the unit two plus two oh yeah sure yeah that was a big
that was a really unique song from the mid sixties yeah i remember that now so if you ever get
your hands on it that'd be a hell of a great part to fight okay okay guys have a wonderful day
and i'll revert arch oh you two okay i feel like groucho with the duck you know every time they say
it man i feel like i want to give them something like a punch in the mouth uh 248 on zeta 4 here on
the thursday morning the you two concert coming up tonight in the orange bowl and uh we'll be there
boy are we gonna have a presence there right there it is there's a little sander for you that's
our subliminal hints and i don't know what we're hitting because uh what is there to say that
hasn't been said 10 million times already but i'm sure that gons will come up with it
it could be there at ten and scottlish year at one and lead you let it for and i wonder is
gene cashman be gonna be making a pubic appearance i don't know at the orange bowl i think probably
now that's after she's on after the concert starts true i don't know but you never know i know
she could be might want to stop by there you never know maybe urma will be there
urma la duce he is right possible sure is okay moving right along let's take a hot call from
broward hello hi um i just wanted to say you're still talking about the single's topic yeah okay first
of all this is Brenda i called you thursday yes Brenda i just really i still say i like listening
y'all better than talking now wait a minute run that by me again you look like listening to what
y'all call out better than one been participating better than music yeah oh not
better than participating dummy better than playing she doesn't want to hear music okay well you must
like the show today then oh yeah i love it because we're not playing any music the first of all for
that who is he Dave Dave yeah yeah it doesn't i guess you can find a girl really anywhere as long
she's decent mm-hmm well i think he wants some more specific advice than that you know like
saying anywhere is like saying you're on your own well if really if you open your eyes and look
you can really find well no i don't think the problem is seeing i think the problem is approaching
okay go to the malls mm-hmm making the rest um the left on areas and you hang out you're trolling
the mall no you just have a soda or something you have to watch for single girls yeah and then what do
you do and you just go up to home and talk to them you'd be surprised a lot of them really don't
get offended really yeah and the ones who do get offended they don't slap that hard anyway right
no so she's saying they're everywhere yeah see i couldn't uh for example for me
i couldn't go into the mall and see somebody sitting alone and go up and approach them and uh oh
jeez were you said you were a person i'm an old i'm an old man yeah that no that's true i guess
if i were the same age as the yeah i would go up to you and approach you really well i like all the
people but no not not today Brenda oh nice trying to pick you up for anything yeah now now what
i would do personally i would go to like say a Walton bookstore oh yeah see someone in a bookstore
you know oh yeah they have some psychology department exactly here over the book like that guy
that called us and yeah yeah and all of a sudden these young ladies will be making gaga eyes
and before you know it right over the drama and fine arts section
but also like it little like restaurants like red lobster
like that in the bar area but he's on the 18 yeah oh see that's a problem in florida i mean a lot of
other states if you're under age you can't meet people in bars because you can't go there right
my problem is that it's finding a person that likes you for who you are in florida right everybody
likes you because you have money or look well a lot of plastic people here yeah
insin seer is the operative word for florida
