You feel the pressure start to roll in.
You feel the pressure get me worse.
You feel your flutter overflowing.
You feel the same about the virus.
I don't know where there's the wall.
Just take off down the hall.
There's a bathroom on the right.
Okay, just a minute. Before we go on, what are these lines flashing for?
Did I say anybody should call us?
Did I ask if anybody's upset that we're not carrying the hearings again?
I mean, it's on WLRN.
If you're one of those pain in the ass people who wants to hear the hearings,
it's on pubic radio, WLRN.
Okay, so leave us alone.
Will you please?
Look at that. All the lines in brow are flashing.
Do you think there's something going on that I don't know about?
Wait a minute. Let me just do this.
Hello?
Yes it is.
What's the favor, man?
What is it we can do for you?
Now they're all flashing.
Yes. You like a little more about what?
Artigo and Duarte.
Now Duarte's right, he won the 10th race at Calder yesterday.
Okay, hello.
Hello? Hello.
Yeah, what do you want?
You want to know what on your tacos?
Mouse meat. Hello.
Hello. Hello.
Posejimane is.
Adios, I still away go. Hello.
Hello.
Oh yeah, this is, we've got a whole cult of crank callers already this morning.
We haven't even started the show.
And Fred Chances isn't here yet.
So, you know, when in doubt.
Don't go on the floor.
Just move on down to doors.
There's a bathroom on the right.
You think of it for Chim Tequila.
You change the town with jobs and children.
You feel your head pretend to really live.
You see the room begin to spin.
I don't find my modules.
It's once you're gone or lose.
There's a bathroom on the right.
Don't go up on us.
Drive the boys with us.
There's a bathroom on the right.
There's a bathroom on the right.
And by the way, we gave you a vault ski star.
It called yesterday and only paid five bucks.
But what are you complaining about, right?
Now, we didn't know it was going to pour like that or that they'd take it off the grass.
But that should make no difference.
Of course not. That's no excuse.
So you should be loaded.
It sounds like most of Marloted is matter of fact this morning.
But that's another story this early in the morning too.
Fred Chances is going to be our guest today.
So the rumor goes to talk about sex.
By the way, it's been rumored speaking of rumors that we discussed nothing but sex and perversion on his show.
Isn't that disgusting?
But Fred Chances is going to be here to talk about sex and perversion today.
If he shows up now, you think maybe Fred something developed that Fred now he'll be here, right?
At 11?
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Did you hear this?
Now he tells me he's going to be here at 11 o'clock.
Just moments ago, he said to me, I can't imagine why he isn't here yet.
Now he says to me he's going to be here at 11 o'clock.
Open his mic.
Will you please?
Oh yeah, because now we've got him on the defensive again.
We've got him right where we want him now.
He's had it.
The statement is still accurate.
He's scheduled at 11 and I said, I can't imagine why he's not here.
Oh no.
What's weird about that?
No, you were expecting him at 10, just like I was.
With bells on.
Yeah, with bells on.
See?
Boy, you know, and then of course when Fred's not here at 11, he'll say, oh, well, I booked him at noon.
No, no.
I mean, I know it's a lot of work for you that we have like one guest every three weeks on this show.
It's probably overwhelming you.
Maybe we can soften your workload a little bit.
Well, I appreciate it.
Yeah.
Well, you're going to soften your workload on Saturdays.
I'll tell you that because when the book comes out tomorrow, I'm going to announce on the year that I will no longer work Saturdays.
I can't do it.
You can't do it.
No.
And I'm not going to go to our programming, you know, our program director doesn't speak to me anyway.
He avoids me like the plague.
He's so afraid that I'm going to say something to him that will wound him.
He speaks to you.
Like, good morning, douchebag or something like that.
No, I'm serious.
He just avoids me like the bubonic plague.
He does not.
Yes, he does.
He likes you.
Well, that may be, but from a distance, you know, from a safe distance.
And the six days a week man is too much because by the time, you know,
you get through it Saturday, it's Monday all over again.
Well, I tried to warn them about this about month or two ago.
That you believe that he's got the gall to sit here like pretending that nothing's going on.
He said to me, just moments ago, he said, I can't understand why Fred isn't here yet.
So, and then you come on like nothing happened at all.
Oh, he's not going to be here until 11.
He just make it up as you go along.
Oh, there's nothing weird about that stain.
And I didn't book him.
You did.
No, you did.
No matter if I said in your, no, wrong.
I said in your office on Friday when you call to remind the secretary, right?
Right.
And you said 10 a.m. Monday.
No.
Yes.
I didn't say any time.
I didn't say any time.
I just called up and said, just reminding.
And I said to you 10 o'clock and you said, yes.
So what difference does it make?
Now, this is starting to be like the Chris Sloan.
No.
Yeah.
With guests who don't show up and with the wrong guest on the wrong show,
and like when Ernie used to have four guests show up on the same day,
you don't care.
And of course we all know what happened to Chris.
Yeah, what did happen to Chris?
By the way, no, I don't know what happened to him.
I'll tell you in just a second.
Oh, here it comes.
You want to know what happened to him?
It comes to the answer.
Adios.
That's what happened to Chris.
I'll leave.
Right.
You're right.
I mean, he was, you know, a nice guy.
And he was never still afraid of train.
But he didn't like to work.
Is basically the bottom line.
Well, that's a difference between you and him.
He was my kind of person.
You know, somebody just likes to show up every day and have a couple of meals
and the shmuz around and go home, take a paycheck.
Don't bother me with work.
Those are our favorite employees.
Does that remind you of anybody in this room?
Adios.
But that's good because it gives me an opportunity.
I mean, everybody in town who's worked up to a frenzy, you know,
and everybody ran out and they spent 80 bucks to buy the New York Times yesterday.
Well, some of us get it delivered to our home.
And it was 3.30 in the morning, Sunday morning.
It was at my house.
Yeah.
Wonderful news, Peter, by the way.
And just before I was going to bed at 6 a.m., I went out.
Well, listen.
You want to tell us about what was going on?
No, I certainly don't.
No, I don't.
No, I certainly don't.
And you don't want to.
You have to use your own imagination.
You want to throw the newspaper.
But it was pretty exciting.
Anyway, I went out 6 o'clock in the morning and I brought in the New York Times.
And here's the Sunday magazine and the picture on the front cover,
which, by the way, is not the Westinghouse ad picture.
Lee told us this morning, those 20 of us who were listening,
that this front cover is the inaccurate picture.
That's not the one.
Lee is the one inside.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Lee.
Well, he's questioned for you.
Yeah.
Question for you.
Who's telling the truth?
Point Dexter O'Ragan.
Question for you.
It did say in the paper, by the way.
In fact, it's on page 19, 18 and 19.
The erroneous.
Well, it is a picture.
We can't say that, but it's not what it appears to be.
Right.
But most things in life are not what they appear to be.
But it said in your favorite paper this morning that Pulster Lou Harris was going to be
following show against this morning.
Yeah.
I'm upset that Lou wasn't on 11 o'clock.
Oh, good, good, good.
And they just made that up.
Oh, then he's going to be like you did moments ago.
He's going to be on Texas show tomorrow.
But anyway, everybody's making a big to do this article.
And it's not, you know, it's not that there's so much wrong in it.
There are a few factual mistakes.
But there's, you know, it's nothing.
It's like rehashed, warmed over, chipped beef on toast.
You know what I'm saying?
And it talks about Miami like it's a little tiny dot that's all locked into itself.
Like there's nothing else going on here.
Really?
Like there are four million people who live in Miami instead of in Dave Broward and Palm Beach instead of like 400,000.
Right.
Four winners who live in Miami.
Yeah.
And it's much to do about nothing.
And if the politicians here would have been smart, which they're not, they would have just ignored it.
But they've made such a big fuss and to do about it.
And Charlie Lighthead for once.
You know, every once like every year, Charlie writes something that makes sense, which I guess if you write like 300 columns a year, one is going to make sense.
And he of course, you know, says basically the same thing that the article is correct and what's everybody getting all bent out of shape about.
It's nothing.
It's the most superficial piece of mong that anybody could ever imagine.
I read the whole thing twice to see if I was missing something like what's the big deal?
Nothing.
Did you have deja vu like you were reading that time magazine?
I have deja vu right now like Chris Lone is back.
I'm helping my guests.
Am I going to talk about Fred not being here anymore?
What does that mean?
Oh, you.
Oh, he wants to know.
In other words, if we're going to talk about the subject, believe your mic on.
If not, it's a...
I'll tell you a Saturday.
Tell him to relax.
He's not relaxed.
Well, I'll tell you a Saturday.
He was just apoplectic.
I mean, he was going crazy up there in the last half hour of the show.
Yeah.
And it turned out that there were some people on the phone who just...
He just can't even begin.
It said you should have seen Stan.
I'm sorry, I missed all this.
Oh, by the way, speaking of Stan, I got a great...
I got to talk about the Broward Mall because boy, did we give the audience...
I should have seen when...
Oh, yeah.
When Michael Talbot called.
I was...
My mother's having a wonderful...
Oh, God, that must have been...
He was running around in circle.
Oh, it must have been beyond belief.
He was...
What was the word he used?
He's shook up.
Yeah.
He was shook up.
And then the news came.
And he was still shook up.
Yeah, he was...
He was...
Nobody even knows who Michael Talbot is, okay?
I mean, it was so boring.
He still...
And then he had the audacity to play it again.
He played it again.
A 40-minute phone call.
And I heard...
He admitted to me yesterday that he played it again in the five o'clock hour.
Yeah, that's when I heard it.
Now, let's stop and examine that, okay?
40 minutes times two is 80 minutes.
That's an hour and 20 minutes.
Now, when you're only working four hours.
And you have a phone call that goes 40 minutes and you play it twice.
That's...
He's not dummy.
No.
Well, I wouldn't go that far.
He's still beside himself.
Still today.
Yeah, he still shook up.
How do you know that?
He's not up yet.
I know, Stan.
He sleeps real late.
I just know, Stan.
Sleeps real late.
No, you're thinking all.
Hmm.
You don't know him.
Anyway, the Broward Mall yesterday we were there and it was...
Well, I guess the rain had a lot to do with it.
It puts everybody inside that otherwise would be outside.
And I tell you something.
Nobody in their life has ever seen anything like what was in the Broward Mall yesterday.
It was just loaded.
Even the ugly people were good.
At the Broward Mall yesterday.
I mean, I have never in my life seen such a...
Display.
Display is exactly the word.
See, he redeemed himself.
Give him another 30 seconds on the clock.
That's what we're going to do with you from now on.
I have to come up with the clamber wrap.
And for each good one we'll give you another 30 seconds with your mic open.
And for every, you know, bonehead remark, then we take away a minute.
Was the display award winning?
It was beyond award winning.
And then there was this table.
They called me over.
There were these three young people, two guys and this young lady.
And they called me over and they said,
you were right.
And I had brought them over there from the Galleria.
How do you like that?
You were right.
As usual.
As usual, we were right on target on this show.
We told him the Broward Mall was where it was happening.
And I'm going to tell you, if you're a people watcher or just a pervert who wants to attack people in wherever it is.
Yesterday at the Broward Mall, man, I'm going to tell you something.
There were on, it was like dying and going to heaven.
It really was.
Yeah.
So all of you creeps out there who called last week about the Galleria.
You're full of it.
You're full of crap.
Okay. The Galleria is desolate.
There's nobody there.
You know, maybe a couple of silly queens running around somewhere in a Galleria.
And that's about it.
There is nobody there in the Galleria.
Ghost town, desolate.
If you want to see where it's happening, the Broward Mall.
Although, Stan did make a good point yesterday.
And of course, it's about time.
He made the point that if we get too carried away on the air, then all these pain in the ass, all the old people,
and a lot of these other folks will start running into the Broward Mall and jamming it all up.
Possible.
Yeah. And we don't want to do that.
No.
No matter if we're not.
No matter if we're not.
We would like to be the only, the two only ugly people in the Broward Mall.
And let's keep it that way.
You go, you went to the food court.
The food court.
Tatio.
We would mobbed.
We would mobbed.
Jam packed.
Yeah.
And what did Stan eat?
I'm afraid to ask.
What if we go for a chicken?
I don't think we can sit on that.
It could be actionable.
But when Fred comes here, then it's clinical.
Sure.
No, we didn't eat anything as well.
Oh, in fact, I had a fruit juice if you pardon the expression.
And he had his usual diet coke.
Pretty exciting.
And that was him.
Well, we didn't go there to eat.
I understand.
I understand.
And you did do what you did.
So Fred's coming at noon, huh?
11 o'clock, as it's been scheduled for about a month and a half, 11 o'clock.
You going to be OK?
You've not upset.
You could care less.
When he's here, you don't care.
He'll be here with all the perversion at 11.
You'll be alright.
Just relax.
Take care.
Early Natasha, or you'll be late for eating with fearless leaders.
But Boris darling, my hair's a mess.
Not to worry, Babuyska buns.
I have secret solution right here.
But this, Bolvinga moves.
That's right.
Next time your hair's ticked up like a pyramid.
Just reach into a chain of full week old moves.
A game bow, Winko.
Nothing up the sleeve.
And ticked.
Hello, sweetheart.
Whoop.
Boom, Kim.
Take it from Rocky.
You're flying away, Airwolf.
Wow.
Bow, Winko moves.
Here.
We did.
What's this, dear?
Fan mail from Thumb.
Bully go.
Bow, Winko.
That's Bully go, Moose.
A really stupid new hairstyle in Kelly.
Oh, but chocolate deserves that eight cross-by-tall.
Bully go, Bully go, Bully go, Bully go, Bully go.
We want to welcome Jeff Gonser back from vacation on Zeta.
And we also want to thank the people of music to go video.
And they'll be pleased to know that we passed along the two Jim Morrison posters
to Mr. Gonser this morning.
Because I told him no station in America deserves to have those more than Zeta.
And we want to thank them for the petitions that they forwarded to us.
They had people signed for so far.
Right.
And we're going to send those all up to Washington this week.
This week, yeah.
This is the week that was.
Yeah.
To Larry Smith.
That's right.
Good thing we don't send him to Claude Pepper.
Because he's worried about the founder of Thuckland, Dome.
Claude Pepper, he's the epitome of what Florida's all about, isn't he?
He's about 100 years old, senile.
And they love him.
They don't know, but I'm just saying he epitomizes what's wrong with this state.
They can't get enough of him.
In fact, his picture should have been on the front cover of the New York Times magazine.
Not this police business with the busting the drugs.
Claude Pepper should have been on the front.
And it's a commune with you, too.
If there's a way that they could have printed it so that you could have read it that way,
then it would have been a much more accurate reflection of what the hell's wrong here.
But it just astonishes me, man.
These people get all they have these emergency meetings.
And they're going to really get even, you know.
They're sending a letter to the editor of the damn New York Times.
Well, that'll show them.
Right.
That'll show them a thing or two.
Isn't it amazing by 9.30 yesterday morning all the New York Times
were sold out at Newstans from just every post to coach.
And that's what they did with all this publicity.
Exactly.
At 250 a pop.
Yeah, Joe's made a fortune.
Yeah.
Yeah, 350 copies.
Yeah.
And by 9.30, they were sold out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They had signs up.
And the two other Newstans in South Florida probably did.
I mean, what an intellectual like every 30 miles.
You know, it's like going on the turnpike, you know, where the gas stations are in the turnpike.
Like every 30 to 45 miles is another gas station.
It's the same with the Newstand.
Like every 30 miles you'll find another one.
It's sufficient because there might be a couple of people who are in the waiting.
So we need more.
Yeah, we have more than a person.
And of course, there's some parts of town where you won't find any,
but because nobody who lives there can read anyway.
It's true.
So what do you have to say for yourself about what?
About being such a douchebag, about about screwing up your one-lows-a-guess.
I didn't screw up anything.
Nothing.
This, he was scheduled.
You asked, go, you went to that 11.
So that's when I booked him.
It's morning and I said, um, said, um, you know, where is Fred?
You know, where is Fred?
You know, where is Fred?
You know, where is Fred?
When you came in here as a matter of fact,
a three and a half minutes after 10.
I didn't just say he's not booked to 11 o'clock.
It was right in front of you.
He, Mr. Agreeable, of course, he said, oh, I can't understand it either.
And I said, well, maybe he'll walk in at the last minute.
He's famous for doing that.
It was written in huge letters.
But you didn't respond in any way that indicated to me.
I said, all right, call up, get Lyman on the phone in Washington.
Let's get Arthur Lyman on the phone.
He's busy.
We don't have time for him to question Admiral Pointexter.
We want to have him put you on the witness standing grill you for the rest of the hour.
You're perfectly capable of doing that yourself.
27 after 10 at WINZ, we profusely apologize to the audience,
all of whom we're expecting Fred to be here with his sex talk at 10 o'clock.
But, you know, when you're dealing with incompetence, that's what happens.
This is Neil Raj.
I'm a girl and I shave.
And well, you know how we shave.
But sometimes I have to tackle a Madonna-sized job.
That's when I use the Lady Madonna Shaver.
The Lady Madonna Shaver works like a power rake to remove unwanted hair with three settings.
Silk, Shag, or the extra effective bone crusher.
Thanks, Lady Madonna Shaver.
Use according to directions, please.
By the way, we had a new entry and they wins Cacoloft.
Did you hear it on Saturday? We had a brand new entry from Back to the Future.
I did hear it.
Bring it.
You gonna play that?
No.
Well, it's like you said, Saturday, everybody in his brother has, you know, an imitation of the Glen Hill laugh.
So what does that tell you?
It tells me they're laughing at you all over time.
That's exactly what it tells me.
What do you think? Did you think it sounded like me or not?
So it's pretty clear.
Anyway, there's New York Times magazine thing.
These are important questions.
Is this news to anybody a city beset by drugs and violence?
Sounds like me.
I mean, there are so many of these animals and that's exactly what they are, by the way.
Animals on the streets peddling.
It's like a supermarket.
Everywhere.
Certain parts of town.
All over town.
Animals, barbaric subhumans, they don't deserve to be alive.
And of course, there are some people who perceive that as being a racial remark and so be it.
I don't really care whether you like it or not because it's true.
It's home.
And the excuse, no, it does hit home and the excuse always as well, you know, somebody else is putting them up to it.
Who?
But isn't it interesting though that there are always people willing to make a fast, easy buck instead of going out and getting an honest job?
Sure.
And I'm telling you, man, this town is just loaded, loaded with animals who are out there peddling this crap.
I agree.
I agree.
I don't really care whether you agree or not to be honest with you.
I don't think is there anybody who cares whether it no?
I don't care whether you agree or not.
Well, you're scrambling and you want to be scrambling.
I'd be scrambling too if I had such a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, easy job with two talk shows that rarely have any guests at all.
Now, let's see.
Alabraera is going to be on with Standamara, right?
Yeah.
Now, what time's that going to be about seven o'clock?
Two o'clock.
Because he's got a day-light time.
That's right.
Because he has to leave here at three because he's got to go get in the plane.
Oh, yeah, he's got to get in the blimp.
Yeah.
And he's got to get in the winds, jet blimp.
You know, if you lost five pounds a week, I want you to stop and think about this.
Speaking of blimp, the word blimp suddenly triggered a lot of stuff.
I wonder what you're stopping.
Stop and think about it.
Now, most fat people, we want to lose like 20 pounds a week or some impossible number.
But if you lost five pounds a week in a year, that's 260 pounds, which is more than I weigh.
That's right.
Here it is.
You don't want to lose 260 pounds.
No.
But if you lost five pounds a week for 13 weeks, that's it.
That's all you need.
Is 65 pounds.
Yeah.
20 pounds a month.
Right?
Pretty simple, I think.
I do too.
The only way to do it though is to stay away from Stan Major.
He's a bad influence.
I was doing so well.
Those tasty cakes.
Until yesterday.
No, not tasty cakes.
Get it against him.
Get it.
Ah, man, that guy over at the salvos again.
I mean, the food is great, but I'm telling you, I can't eat it.
And the man doesn't understand.
He refuses to understand.
And I watch it.
Remember, it's not important in life that you succeed, but that your friends fail.
That's the most important thing in life.
Well, I'll remember that.
Is watching your friends fail because misery loves company.
Yeah.
So like if the book comes out tomorrow and I get like a two share or something.
There'll be a lot of people I know in this business who will think, boy, that's great.
Yeah, they'll say, see what we predicted all along?
That this is just a flash in the pan.
That the ratings are just, you know, just a fluke.
A fluke, yeah.
It's all because of Halendale.
And Sunny Rosenberg and RJ and Tendola was all just a fluke in February.
Now, your ratings have been up for 11 and a half years.
You had great ratings at night.
Phenomenal rating.
But it doesn't make any difference.
You come on.
And after tomorrow, after the big flurry, when we get the numbers off the computer.
And on one side of the building, they'll be running around and joy.
And on the other side of the building, they'll be running around, you know, trying to pierce themselves with sharp instruments.
What does it mean?
You know, when you come right down to it.
And I've been saying that consistently.
These people say, well, he's bragging too much and all this about the ratings.
It doesn't make any difference.
It doesn't.
Something to talk about, but it doesn't make any difference.
It really doesn't.
I mean, I still have to even work on Saturday.
Yeah.
People who've got like twos in the last book.
Do they work on Saturday?
Not a one.
No way, Jose.
Not a one.
Only Alice works.
And he only works three hours every three out of four Saturdays.
Even he gets one out of four Saturdays off.
That's right.
Nobody works Saturdays.
Nobody in their right mind.
Ricky Tiki works Saturday.
Ricky Tiki's on tape.
So I'd say all the time.
I know it's constantly.
Even when he's live, he's on tape.
He's regressing, folks.
No, I'm not.
He's breaking into it again.
No, I'm not.
And what did they do to deserve this on a Monday morning, by the way?
That's probably what people in my audience are asking themselves.
What is it that we did?
To deserve this so early in the week.
But I will say this.
My mother likes you on the air.
Now what does that tell you?
Well, she's got terrible taste.
She knows nothing about this business.
I mean, she has a lot of wisdom in other areas.
But when it comes to, as a matter of fact, I listen to my mother.
The same way I listen to our program director.
Whatever she tells me, I do the opposite.
And it works out great.
So far, knock on wood, man.
Works like magic.
In fact, my mother probably ought to get into radio programming.
She'd be great because she knows the opposite of everything that's going to work.
Boy, I can just see her in that office, in the PD's office.
Yeah.
At least the food around here would be better anyway.
Would all get fat.
It's true.
Everybody would get fed.
They'd have 18 course lunches.
She cut down yesterday, though, or Saturday.
Only had a 17 course long.
We're cutting back.
Into Daringed Apartwood, vote for her to come in here.
Probably, yeah.
Max Headroom would love the food, boy.
Anyway, what were we talking about?
Talking about your future at another station in the market.
Yeah, which one?
Well, when the book comes out tomorrow, then you'll be able to do some shopping.
You'll have a kind of a shopping list.
All the ones that are dying.
In fact, you may not have to go too far.
You may have to just walk up to the other end of the building.
All speaking of the other end of the building, well, this is kind of in the middle of the building.
Do you remember Joanna?
Oh.
I hate to bring this up.
Oh, boy.
I hate to bring it up, ladies and gentlemen.
Well, she won't hear it.
Now, while I take back everything good that I said about her on whatever day that was that she was in here, I take it all back.
She wouldn't you thought that she would have learned a lesson?
I thought we had taught her.
And we tried to be jovial about it and have a good time instead of, you know, putting her out on the tower number two and hanging her out there for committing the cardinal sin.
That's right.
I thought we were really neat about it.
And you're exactly right.
I mean, what do you want to tell the story?
I mean, I don't have three and a half hours to kill before you tell the story today.
We can't we have a game coming allegedly at 11 o'clock.
Pacific coast daylight post circus time.
Yeah.
I walked up to the receptionist desk on Friday and she was sitting there listening to WGTR, a direct competitor of Zeta.
And I went up and I said, why are you listening to WGTR?
This is after all that we went through Thursday and she said, oh, that's Zeta.
I said, they just gave the call letters. It's WGTR.
You know what I would have said to her?
Yeah, but say it anyway.
Adios.
I have doubts about people who I think she's going to be.
Where did she say she used to work at some school station?
Yeah.
I think she's going to be back there pretty soon.
She really tried to impress us by telling us that she was on WKPX or whatever it is.
KPR KPR that high school radio station.
She thought we were going to be real impressed when there she is.
She's really pissed about this.
Now she's foaming at them out about you.
He's right though this time. I'm not taking your time.
I'm not taking up for you anymore.
I mean, we thought we touched it less than last week, but forget it.
Right?
I thought we had been very gentle.
I mean, I think now she's going to have to spend a week with Stan.
Perfect.
At his plantation pad.
The perfect punishment.
Yeah.
Actually, the only thing that Stan would really do is he would tie her down to the sofa.
And play the recording of the frogs over and over and over again for hours.
That's all he would do.
Maybe that'll teach her.
Now, wait a minute.
Who is that that just stuck his head in the mouth?
Well, that's our new S Miguel or new runner Miguel.
Yeah.
Miguel.
I think that's his name.
Who sent him over here?
The Harold.
Isn't that his name Miguel?
I think that's his name.
No, I don't think so.
Nobody knows for sure.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, he's the spy from Lee Fowler.
Uh-huh.
There he is.
Great.
Okay. We know Lee sent you over here.
Don't worry about it.
We're easy to eat along with.
We're not paranoid.
We don't worry about spies.
Anything we've got, you know, you can have it.
That's right.
Starting right over here.
Lee can have him any day of the week.
He doesn't want you, though.
Because you don't talk loud enough.
You got to talk real loud.
But he on with Lee.
And to get in on the fun.
Get in on the action.
We have a full menu.
Question for you.
Would you drive your car from Miami to New York?
With two and a half million dollars
with a cocaine in the truck?
Would you do it?
Get in on the action.
Get in on the fun on a Lee Fowler show.
Thunder things again this afternoon.
Watch out for those thunder things.
Okay, give them another 40 seconds.
We're giving you all.
We see you later.
I'm going to go get the mail and get Fred.
I'm going to go get Fred.
What makes you think that Fred is here?
He's not booked till one o'clock.
Boy, oh, boy, you know, this, you know,
it just turns your whole system upside down.
I didn't even want to come in here this morning anyway.
I thought it was Sunday.
I thought this was the beginning of my weekend.
And then I come in here and I sit down.
And all the surprise.
You thought you had a guest at 10 o'clock, right?
Wrong.
And so now you have to kill an hour all by yourself.
And it's not easy to do, man.
I'm telling you, it's really difficult.
As you can see, we're only 40 minutes into the hour.
We still have like about 18 minutes to go.
Maybe Mike Wolf would like to do 15 minutes ahead of lines.
Or we could bring in what's your name?
Chatterbox to laugh for about 10 minutes, right?
To embarrass and degrade and debase.
Guy, Janet Broadcasting.
But we won't do that because we only allow that between 6 and 7 p.m.
We figure most of the people are, you know, eating dinner at that hour anyway.
And we've never had a number in that hour anyway, right?
So why should we change now?
With all the success that we've been having lately,
we don't want to overdo it.
We want to give everybody else an opportunity.
Which is why we do that embarrassing, degrading, debasing, subhuman hour
between 6 and 7.
You do understand that Mike Wolf was a good guy.
Mike has to go through therapy every evening.
When he leaves here at 7 o'clock, he goes right to his shrink
before he goes out into the woods again.
Unreal. Anyway, now that walking death has vacated the room for a few minutes,
I can get back into this article again by Robert Cheryl.
And if you read it, and I'm sure a lot of you, hey, well, some of you,
I don't want to say a lot of you have, because a lot of you didn't get the New York Times.
There just weren't that many copies around town.
But all of this crap about the beacon council and all these other self-appointed experts
who know what's right with the town.
And here's this disgusting, revolting picture of these old right-wing Cuban farts,
with their tubas and their flags, and the Cubans were the first freedom fighters,
this disgusting sign.
And all the business about bilingualism, is this something brand news?
Is this something we don't already know?
And about all the drug money in the banks?
And as a matter of fact, the guy is probably, as I read this,
I thought he was being a little bit kind.
He understated the fact.
And the last part of the article, really, he quotes everybody who's got something positive to say.
Although there are a couple of paragraphs.
Now, he says, Miami where Voodoo is practiced by many.
Now, that line is a little bit peculiar.
I mean, if more than two is many.
I guess that's true.
I mean, other than the politicians, we don't have a lot of people who do Voodoo.
And of course, Stan's audience, who have their little Stan Major Voodoo dolls,
but basically that's about it.
I should have known that we weren't going to get very much of a reprieve,
because now, look at that.
What is that all about?
That seems to be a voluminous amount of mail.
We should make major come in when we get mail call every day,
because he gets so upset.
He's so paranoid about this mountain of mail that comes in for this show every day.
Of course, most of it is garbage.
Here's Plain Truth magazine.
Herbert W. Armstrong, we get mail from dead people on this show.
That's true.
Farrow's books, PHA ROS, that sounds like something very sexual.
Look, question about it.
Just better horse at 20 to 1.
He came in at 115.
Very cute. Is that cute or what?
Wait a minute. This is from Phil Saltsman.
So it says, at Calderaestreg, it's on a Calder postcard.
Wow.
I heard that when Glen Hill was young,
he wasn't allowed to play with the neighborhood kids,
so he played with himself.
Stan Major is a walking ad for mail ox.
I think this really is from Phil Saltsman.
I can't, I don't know. I'm not really sure.
Here's another one.
Is this another card from Calderaestreg?
Oh, but this is different handwriting.
Yeah.
Started out for Bill Mod, but dealt to landed here at Calderaestreg.
Yeah, now see, these are not from Phil.
Another one from Calderaestreg.
No.
Or is this one from?
Oh, it's got a picture of Billy Graham with Jim and Tammy Faye.
You're there. I'm here. Who cares?
This is from Oakland, California.
I heard FM K zap in Sacramento, KYU in San Francisco.
Call me about visiting WYNZ Wendy.
What, we're getting into coherent mail.
We started out the show. I said, then we had all those inquired calls off the air.
Now we're getting into coherent mail.
This one ought to be good. This is from another lunatic over on the beach.
I should read his letters on the air.
Lord Jehovah, Omega, Shiva, Christ, and all the gods travels in a great disc full of lights.
Oh, boy. This is from our good friend, Tom Basoka.
Angels of different mansions.
Miami Beach.
Well, we're just loaded with stuff.
Then here's another letter from Oakland, California from Michelle Miamon,
which goes unopened into the Wyspask.
The older things are not good.
That incredible character that used to just to devastate talk shows from coast to coast in Florida.
Boy, if the mail and the callers are that good so far,
you can just imagine what the rest of the week is going to be like, right?
Not a moron. I'm doing my whole show on the Broward Mall.
Oh, my mail.
No, tomorrow we got the book coming out.
What, this is it?
This is all mine.
What is all this?
Boon in the box.
Oh, boon in the box is starting in again.
Let me see. Did we get any considerable amount? Well, that's not too bad.
Not too great.
And you know why it's not too great, don't you?
I don't want to start in that business like I did a week ago today about certain individuals
in a building driving away the whole audience, but it's going to be a while before they come back.
Oh.
Yeah. Oh, is the best that he can contribute to that.
You were one of the conspirators in that.
You were part of the conspiracy to put that hearing crap on the ear.
Not my department.
Absolutely. You're a department.
Absolutely.
As somebody I know would say in the business.
Now, this is interesting.
Here's a stamp self-adreced envelope and it says nothing.
Oh, I see boon in the box.
Okay.
Millford aircraft parts in Miami.
Maybe they want to send a picture to the sand in East is that would that would get them.
What is that?
Look at the address.
Laurie Sheffield, the topy McCallum show.
Why don't you just throw all this junk out?
Why don't you just go into mailbox every day and throw it all in the waste basket?
I mean all of it.
That boon in the boxes.
And it also says on the screen that you have calls.
Call waiting.
This man has given new meaning to the expression call waiting.
Most people think that call waiting means that when you have one call that you hear the little beep
that indicates you have another one call waiting in his case means that when everybody tries to call to do any business in this radio station,
he's in here muscling in on every show on the year.
Oh, he's muscling in.
Next thing you know he'll be muscling in on a martial more show.
The Catholic nostalgia game.
Excellent.
Always at a game or is that just an ad for it?
I don't know.
Is the Pope Catholic?
And look who it's addressed to.
I think there may be some symbolism in this morning's male ladies and gentlemen.
It's addressed to Chris Sloan, Carole de Niel Rogers show.
Astaluevo.
They haven't played the hysterical newborn game is the Pope Catholic created by two Catholic psychotherapists.
They give us such productions as Sister Mary Ignatius, Nonsense and Patent Leather Shoes.
This is pretty exciting.
Right on the waist basket.
No good male today folks.
No let him kid you.
It's just a more obfuscation.
It's just another smoke screen.
Here's a postcard in a letter.
High Neil, I'm watching you.
See you in September.
Love John Paul and look at there he is.
There's one of those pictures of the Pope with his, you know, the ring around the eyes.
Which is okay.
But you know when a priest has ring around the collar, then he's in big trouble.
Here's one addressed KNEEL.
This ought to be good.
Another one with the Pope.
Man the Pope people are coming out of the closet now.
They're going crazy and look at that.
The bird of paradise is dropping little things on the Pope's forehead in this picture.
Can you believe that?
Love Johnny it says.
Isn't that cute?
May the bird of paradise.
But you notice at least the bird is nice and he's not dropping it on the Pope's beanie.
Because he doesn't want to further infuriate the Jews in South Florida.
So at least he's going to keep his beanie clean.
In fact, there's going to be a concession.
Maybe they can wash the Pope's beanie when he comes here.
You know like they come up to you at the intersection they want to wash your windows.
Mr. Prouler.
I'm serious.
Here's a letter.
Oh, no, that's a guy's real name.
Mr. Prouler.
A letter from the FCC.
The commission appreciates the First Amendment rights of broadcasters.
However, the commission's recent action restricting indecent broadcasts to times when there is not a reasonable risk that children may be in the audience is a reasonable time place in manner restriction that is permissible under the First Amendment.
This is from Edith Wise.
Chief of the Complaints and Investigations Branch, Enforcement Division, Mass Media Bureau of the FCC in Washington, DC.
Pretty exciting.
Ten minutes before 11 at WYNZ, let's take our last break of the hour and when we come back we'll see if we can't really set the stage, can't get the audience whipped up into a frenzy.
And of course, if there's anybody who is at the Broward Mall yesterday, they're probably still in a frenzy.
This is Austin Burke, Jr.
At Austin Berks, we take pride in the way you look.
When you look good, you feel good.
See what a smooth collar looks like.
See what a clean seat feels like.
Nobody likes a baggy pair of trousers or a vent that spreads beyond its normal means.
For over 40 years, this is the tradition that Austin Berks been built around.
Let us tailor a fine quality single, a double-breasted suit for you, and a selection of colors and fabrics that are second to none.
We feature spore coats and slacks in a variety of lightweight blends and silks that are perfect for the South Florida lifestyle.
No matter what size we fit every man from 27 to 74, with the special effort that's made Austin Berks number one.
So take yourself to 2601, northwest 6th Avenue facing, I-95.
We're open Monday through Saturday, 9 to 530. Call 576-2714 for directions.
Remember at Austin Berks, we won't let you wear it unless it fits.
Coming in registered, a winner trip to the Bahamas. No purchase necessary.
Hey, South Miami, here's your chance. You've been hearing me rave about some of the great delis in North-Aid and Broward.
Well, now there's lots of locks deli at the corner of US-1 and 150 second street in the Coral Reef Shopping Center.
At lots of locks, you'll find a pulpore of delicious deli, delights like their Philadelphia-styled sandwiches, including the Skyscraper Club,
stuffed with turkey, bacon, ham, cheese, tomato, and lettuce.
In the fish platter department, choose from Nova, locks, chub, kippred salmon,
sable white fish or sturgeon, all hand selected by the owner.
And for breakfast, try any style of lots of locks as omelets always cooked with three eggs and stuff to the max.
You'll find lots of locks at the corner of 150 second street in US-1 in South Miami,
and for your convenience, they're open every day, seven days a week from 730 in the morning until 4 p.m.
You tell Henry that Neil Rogers sent you by for great deli any time to lots of locks.
502 at WINZ are sex and perversion, man. Fred Chants is going to be here at 11 o'clock allegedly,
is at AM or P.A.
Now, I do want to say this, the boon in the box mail today is rather light.
I started plugging that again on a Friday,
and I would have thought that with a couple of plugs, we would have had a mailbox full of boon in the box.
And of course, there are a lot of people in the audience who probably weren't even listening during the period when that was hot.
It's not hot anymore, is it? Call up Robin Carter and see if it's hot.
It's not.
It's not hot? Well, you watch.
You watch.
So you're hoping that it's not hot because you don't want to have to go through that business of stuffing all those envelopes.
I don't do it.
There's anybody still living in Dave Rower to Palm Beach, the boons, Pat and Debbie.
I wonder if there's something insesituous about that.
They're going to be visiting. They're going to be appearing at Sunrise Musical Theatre in August in the production of,
what does it sound to music or something? Something like that, something boring.
And we want to make sure that everybody in Soundflow at all four million people have a copy of the boon in the box picture,
which is a picture of Pat from his early days.
Like what would you say was about 18, 20, old enough to know better?
It's like the 50s.
Sticking something through a cardboard box.
I don't want to say what. When Fred Schatz gets here, we can say what?
Something small.
Something small through a cardboard box. I mean, very small.
In fact, frighteningly small, which explains why Pat's voice occasionally gets so high.
It's really tiny.
I mean, some of us when we were young had pet dogs named Tiny.
But anyway, if you'd like your very own copy, you don't want to be left out.
Please, we want to see a torrent of mail.
We want to get the momentum back that we had before I went on vacation, before these fakers in here screwed up my whole audience and took away all the momentum from this show.
And if you'd like your very own copy, all you have to do is send us a stamped self-adreced envelope.
No, I'll tell you what, screw that.
No.
Don't even send the stamped self-adreced envelope. Just send us your name and address.
You can't, dude.
I can do that.
No, I'm not going to get you into trouble. This company's got a lot of money.
I know that.
And it's about time they started spreading it around.
The post office is in trouble.
They've got to raise the rates for postage.
They're threatening to go on strike. They're having a nervous breakdown.
The least we can do to accommodate them is to start subsidizing the US Postal Service a little bit better.
Right? Right.
So just send us your name and address. You don't even have to put in the stamped envelope.
And we'll use our own, we'll use those old 95 INZ envelopes that they refuse.
Do you know this is an interesting story?
Okay, this company has no gripes coming when we do this kind of thing.
It's not like we have a shortage of envelopes.
We have 7,400,000 and six envelopes that say 95 INZ.
And I imagine a couple of letter heads along with them too, right?
Let me use them.
And they won't let us use them because the embarrassment factor is too great.
Well, there is no more 95 INZ. It's now, of course,
Zeta 94.98236.
And if you can remember all those numbers, see that's the problem.
They have a few listeners, but they can't remember all of those numbers so they can write it down.
In the appropriate book.
I love those stations that every rating period, you know, write it down.
That is so crass.
And so disgusting. Do you think that anybody out there writes it down because somebody on the ear says write it down?
Of course not. And it sounds like hell.
It comes across so bad.
But of course, if you are listening to WINZ 940 on your AM dial, write it down.
But anyway, the address postcards, letters will be delighted to send you all you want.
Boom in the box.
Kurovneel Rogers, WINZ.
Miami.
