E.O.T.A.F.E. is so wonderful. Your program is always so educational. Now that thing, that creature that comes on before you, I can't say the word, F.E. I can't say it. I'm just a lady and I can't bring myself to say it. But what's the purpose of that program, F.E.? What's it all about?
I'm going to tell you something. We're going to do four hours on her today. By the time she comes in here, her bottom is going to be scalding red. By the time that pseudo intellectual comes in here at 2 this afternoon, she is just insufferable. You know, just think she's got a group of Yentas. Did you hear that first caller she had yesterday? I mean, it's open warfare. It has been on this radio station for weeks now. It's open warfare. And I'm driving home yesterday. And I'm about comatose.
I was from that one guy. Remember the guy with the happy sperm? And I was falling asleep on the table here. He put the whole South Florida audience into a terminal coma. And I'm trying to stay awake. And I'm listening in the first caller on Taffy show. Sounded like he needed oxygen. Sounded like his oxygen tank broke.
You know, that went on for about four minutes. And I thought, well, anything has got to be an improvement over that, right? And the second caller was this bag, this miserable bitch who comes on the air. And wants to know what this show is all about. I got news for her. And then not only that she's not satisfied with that.
But she's got to attack all the people who listen and everybody who calls. And it was like deja vu. It was back during those days. And this is nothing brand new. I mean, this is not a response or reaction anything that I've been saying because it was like what we heard months ago when we found out that my audience isn't as evolved as Taffy's audience is all those sueds out there who want to scream and carry on and wine every day about the CIA and the trilateral commission and the FBI and the whatever the hell else it is.
This day after day after day, just incredible these sueds. You know, first of all, for that bag, and I'm sure she's listening. I'm talking about the caller that is for her. I want to say this. This program is for whoever wants to listen to it. And if you don't enjoy it, go do something else. Go take a good boiling hot animal honey and do something constructive. Clean your brains out. Cleanse them out with chlorox.
That's it. Just mix, you know, two parts chlorox and two parts iced tea and boil it. Boil it on the stove. Honey, you put it in that bag and just have a hell of a time. That'll clean your brains out like you haven't heard in years. All of a sudden, you'll be almost in the real world about this show is for people to want to do something a little bit different.
Being were so great. I listen to them this morning. They're not funny at all. I mean, they're not even amusing mildly amusing. They're pathetic. And they're still doing Jim Baker and Jessica Han stuff. I mean, that's like that went out with high button shoes, didn't it? And not funny stuff either. They're really bad.
See, that's part of the problem in this market is really mediocre people like that get on FM, especially. And everybody just tinkles all over them and thinks they're just hysterical.
Oh, did you hear that? This morning by the panic and you turn them on. You listen for a couple of days and you wonder what the hell everybody's talking about. They're not funny at all.
But anyway, getting back to watching the news last night, which is why I'm now popping values not before the show. Well, that's a good idea.
I wonder if Valium's in quailudes mix call up Paula Hawkins. She's not doing much these days. See if she's still got a good supply.
I guess they're nervous about success. Is that possible? Some people don't know how to handle success. They know how to handle failure because they've done it so many times. But when they're on the verge of a major success, they can't cope with that. They start getting really insecure.
Like if we have over a four in this book in midday, there are going to be people in the building going to be swooning in the atrium. They're going to be impaling themselves on the fig leaves out there. Or they're going to be wearing them one or the other.
But Friday, are you ready for this? Not only do we have a guest, but we have the guest that we really. What is the story on the phone there? What is that all about? We didn't ask anybody to call yet. Did we?
Did I ask anybody to call? Knock it off, folks. When we're ready for you, we'll let you know. Don't call us. We'll call you. Okay.
Man, all of a sudden, they're just all going nuts.
That's true. If you're a failure, all your life success is very hard to take. That's very true.
And there are a lot of people in this business who have been failing for so many years that suddenly having to face potential success is something that they can't handle.
Anyway, Friday, are you ready for this? 10 a.m. James C. McKinney, Chief of the Mass Media Bureau for the Federal Communications Commission in Washington, DC, is going to be our guest by phone.
And the timing couldn't be better because tomorrow is the hearing before the FCC on those three radio shows, one of them being Howard Stern, that they're investigating.
So Friday morning, not only will we have the ruling, but we'll be able to go into the details of it and we'll also be able to get some clarification of what the hell it is that we can do.
What are the guidelines? And why are they investigating these people? Is it because of subject matter? Is it because of language? Is it because there are a bunch of old farts out there who are all bent out of shape? What is it?
And why we just don't give Kyle a microphone and let him go on because he's got another psychic, not that national psychic that real faker that's in the enquire all the time, Jean, what's her name?
I can't even think of her name now. Whatever the probably the value hasn't worn off yet. Anyway, it's 10, 19 at W.I. and Z. There's another thing I want to talk about too, man. I'm going to tell you I'm going on a hunger strike as of now.
So to my house last night, rang the bell. They asked if I wanted to sit in for the good year blimp.
Oh, my friends aren't going to listen to you anymore with the new form. You see the idea in this town is that if all of a sudden you've got people who sound like they're under 100 on the phone, then immediately we've taken away the play toy of the elderly. We've taken away their show.
Now that bag, that bitch that called Taffy, that second caller yesterday, who was not only ripping me, but everybody who listened to the, and you notice Taffy went away.
Right along with it, by the way, all of these unevolved slabs out there. Well, at least it's something they relate to. It was taking shots at Howard Stern. He, he, he, he, he tells me that Mike Miller was taking shots at Howard Stern. He naturally had to get his one and a half cents in about the West 57th Avenue piece or whatever that show is.
And talking about shock jocks and about the fact that there were a couple of people in this market who are trying that.
He has to be one of them because he's shocking. Mike is absolutely shocking. The amount of misinformation a man can give in one minute without even a, without even knowing he's doing it is shocking. That's a shock jock.
And for Mike to be taking shots at anybody, that's incredible. That's the one guy in this market. Anybody else on the air, let him do whatever they want. They're all entitled. Even if they're bad.
Mike is so bad that for him to be taken a shot at anybody else would be like eight off Hitler calling somebody a big.
And he's going to get with apologies to eight off by the keep repeating that same old tired garbage that's been on 50 million times.
All you're going to get are those old schmendrix who are going to continue bugging you and driving everybody into a coma. Trust me or don't trust me. I don't give a damn. It's a fact. It's documented. It's there. Open your ears. Get the wax out of your ears.
Boy, just unbelievable. I wish to have I had my value with it. By the way, hope everybody's having a good time doing their taxes today. I'm doing mine. I started before the show and at two o'clock, I'm going to finish it up. Then I'll race to the post office.
And hey, listen, it's fun that way. It's like in a van, especially when you live in this time, and it's something to do. It's something to do beside just go to base side and wander around with all the people and wonder who speaks English.
Did you hear that yesterday? The guy who said that adventurer was or that base side was having to refer Cubans. That was terrible. I mean, it could be true, but that was terrible to say that.
And just another diversion to get people out of the grove. I think it's positive. As I said before, I don't want to do another show on base side. I think it's positive only because it's better than what it was before, which was nothing.
Which he see on who's going to give us the real load on the inside story is Larry Glick would say the story behind the story. You notice that Paul Harvey stole that from Larry Glick. Larry's been saying that for years. The story behind the story.
And now Paul Harvey and there's another guy I'd like to do a couple of hours on. Man, what a ripoff artist he is. Isn't he? What a faker and a phony. Just another right wing eccentric nut with a voice. That's all he's making millions.
Conning those old people. You know, there's nobody under 90 who listens to Paul Harvey.
And here's the other side of the story. And you know, he's laughing up his sleeve because he's got all that money.
With that affected phony sound of his man, he stole that from Larry Glick. But Larry's okay. He's making a lot of money anyway. He figures screw Paul Harvey. Let him, you know, let him do his thing.
Yeah, those dramatic long pauses. Well, that's what fills up the time. Do you know that once upon a time, this is a true story.
Paul Harvey came to battle Creek, Michigan of all places.
To do a show on the ABC affiliate, which I think was WKFR in battle Creek.
And he got to the end of the newscast or whatever the hell you call that thing that he does. It's not really a newscast. The end of the show.
And he's sitting there looking at the clock. And I heard this from the engineer who later became my chief engineer at a station in Michigan. And he sat there and he looked at the clock and was like, he was like 42nd short.
And he said Paul Harvey. And he looked at the clock and he went with his finger in the ear and he moved the second hand figuratively. In other words, he just did it in his mind.
And he's 45 second short. Good day. And they all sat there and they looked at him like, what the hell are you doing? You know, and I was in. He got up and he walked away.
I mean, you know, when you got that kind of money, just like God, you know, you can change the time. You can part the sea. You can do any damn thing you want when you got that much money.
I'd like to see Paul Harvey and Tammy Faye together, man. That would be a good one. They would make music together. Those two.
Okay, 1034, W Y and Z. I'm going to give the phones out and see if there's anybody on a wave like that. I want you to understand before you call though this show today that you're stigmatized. You understand that everybody who calls this show.
Everybody who listens to this program, according to Taffy and her geriatric misfits. That's going to be a new rock group, by the way.
Terry Taffy and the geriatric misfits. They're going to be on MTV this afternoon in drag. All of you folks are unevolved and you're all just a bunch of slabs and those.
Those evolved folks from the library who come on into a clock can't figure out what this show is all about. I mean, let's talk about the CIA. Okay.
And let's talk about whether it's okay for blacks and whites to get married and to make whoopee together. You know, like, like it's really our business. Like we've got some business telling other people what to do.
When you're part of the intellectual elite, you feel you can tell everybody what to do, right? And my comment to that is this. Now you can't see it on the radio, but it's the same finger that the guy held up to me in his car the other day.
In Dade County, let's give that number out and let's see if we can't bring Dade County back to life today. Two man lately, they have been on a terminal terminal tear in Dade County. They really have.
You know, you can't run around the base side forever. Sooner or later, you got to come out of there. You know, in Dade County, 624 0191 624 0191 and inbroward 764 0707. I really think I'm waking up again. Man, that caller yesterday at one o'clock. What did he call himself the sperm king?
Boy, I think he had already probably once upon a time. I'd have been the sperm king, but I think that it was all gone. I think he lost it somewhere along the line or along the road.
Yesterday, she put me in a comment about four seconds. Did you hear those first two callers? Yeah, that's what that's what got me.
The president of the tapio. You know, the guy thought we were going to lose him right on the air. I read the guy was like 130 years old.
I was getting a napkin once and I'll put her on for now on boy. She's good at it. She'll put me to sleep right away. And then I have to do switch a dial, but you know, down to Mr. Broward. And he had this 80 year old bag, thinking all over all over him for he had an interview with.
Wait a minute, Mr. Broward. Yeah. Where were you? What do you mean we were? Mr. Browards in Palm Beach. I thought you were in.
Coral Gables. Coral Gables. You heard West Palm Beach? Yeah. No. Come on. You're pulling my leg. WJ and Oga come to the Gables. It doesn't even come to date. County. I got it. I got it. Are you serious? I could say trust me. Okay. And he's another one. I can't take his militant, whatever he's all about. Anyway, I thought I wanted to say now by way, I want to thank you for the tape. You got it in real quick. That was nice and quick. Excellent.
I'm making a doubles and everybody wants to buy one. I won't have him bother you anymore. You know what I mean? I'll make the money myself. Well, you know, that's illegal, but don't worry about it. You know, because we don't know who you are. Anyhow, thanks a lot. Okay. Good luck to you, sir.
Bye, buddy. Okay. Another communist. I could just tell by the way he was talking. It's another communist. Can't you tell? Let's get John Broward back here on W.I.N.C. That's what we really need. Let's take a poll today and see how many people want John Broward back.
So we can keep the communist out of Opalaka. Neil, yes, sir. Yeah, I heard the provocative tapy McCallum show yesterday. And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Go ahead, sir. And there's so called sophisticated listeners of tapies.
There's such losers. They didn't have the courage to call you because it's a chip of course. I'm telling you, the only upfront talk show on on the radio right now, I think is yours.
All these hyped up quote celebrity hosts. Well, what's she about 75? One of those real nice refined ladies.
I'll tell you just so wonderful. And I learned so much, but that show before you. What is that all about? Oh, they're all so disgusting. All those young wise guys.
Happy. Was it her? Okay, we got a caller in Bokeh. We're paying for this one. Hello. Neil's gone. Okay. And the mom leads for us. Another young degenerate.
Another young degenerate. Shame on you, sir. One of those greeting fellow slob. Boy, it's awful. Tapies. We have a tough life. It's a lot of trouble.
She's going to trace this call and come and beat the crap out of you, sir. What?
I said, tapie is really enjoying this call. It's nine minutes before 11 a women. Don't make it on radio. No.
And on TV, the only commentator I like all of a season on often is Connie Chang on NBC. I think she's perfect.
Connie Chung. Connie Chang. Can he Chang? Is it Chang or Chung or whatever? Connie, she's on Saturday night.
Chung, the disc jockey. Well, I'm sorry if that's a bad terminology, but we call most radio talk show hosts.
This jockey is if they don't play music as well. Is Barry Farber or this jockey? No. I don't know too much that Ray Farber.
It is. I said Barry Farber. Talk show host. Is Bob Grant of this jockey? Well, it's just an expression that we use.
You know, quick, you're quick using it. We don't like it. No, we won't use that number. We don't like being demeaned and lumped in with all those lung heads who just give the time and temperature.
We're getting rid of all of those, but you sounded a lot like how it's stern. You're familiar with him, aren't you? Who? How it's stern?
We have a guy up in New York. He does the same type of show. You mean that Dickhead in New York on K-Rock? Yeah. Okay. Are you familiar with him? I'm trying to figure out who came first. You were him. One of you was copying each other. No, we're not, neither one of us is copying anybody.
It's just a great format. We just. I think that's great. I'll be the first one to watch it. I think Howard Stern is the funniest man in the world. He's super. He's got a great mind. And I think Robin does a terrific job with him.
Well, that's because he has big breasts. Let me say it again. That's because he has big breasts. Now listen to a word that I say. Just going on and on and on. What's that, sir?
Your songs on the religious stuff was terrific. I like to hear some more innovative stuff like that. Like what? Like what? Those religious songs. What religious songs like Cole Nidre?
No, the ones you wrote and did. I didn't write any of those. What do you mean? Be true to your shoe? I didn't write. I didn't write that stuff. I thought you wrote those. No, I didn't write them, sir. Just did them. No, I didn't do them either. I don't sing.
Man, I'll tell you something. I think you I think your head has been cut between Robin's breasts or something. I wish. I've never been that lucky. Man, I'll tell you your brains have been scrambled. I've been two battered breasts.
Why here I am coming down all the way from New York. By the way, I just came back from Los Angeles and there are a couple of white people there. Yeah, well, my brother lives there. I know he's white last time I saw him. It is it is very Hispanic and downtown Los Angeles. But for the most part, I don't have any. But that's like saying go to Wait a minute. That's like saying go to downtown Detroit and see if you find any white people. I mean Detroit is more than just downtown just like Los and nobody even goes downtown in Los Angeles. There's nothing there. When you go to National Exposure.
In two weeks. When in two weeks. On what? What can we see on people magazine? Which magazine? Let me say it again. People magazine. I see people magazine. That sounds real good. We love to hear you up in New York and get you on to perhaps some of the late night talk shows and which you make us laugh a little bit. Okay, sir.
Okay, well listen, have a wonderful life. It's been a real exercise talking to you, but I know you didn't mean it. It's 1132 at W. I. N. Z. Why am I talking so loud now? Why do I feel like I'm on the edge of my life? Better not say should I? You know, some people with real scratchy voices. I don't want to mention any names. But you know, we could call it scratch off radio or something. I mean something really annoying like in the logo. Could be a picture of fingernails on a blackboard.
Can you just imagine that maybe we can have some people who want to make some nominations for the new station and I'm going to build with all the most annoying voices in a history of broadcasting. David Gold would certainly be one of them.
It's a little level zoo by friends. I thought he's licking the mic or something. And we don't mean Thompson.
Now there's another guy got a great voice, right? You know, one thing about Mike, man, he I'm telling he talks through the same screen that they shoot down a mill through on not slanting. He talks through some mint.
And they got to prompt up there on those 15 telephone books and he just you can't understand the word saying which is good, which is great because he's such a right wing, he full lunatic that if you don't understand it, we've already gone through that in this time.
You know, we've had the Shirley Spellerburg and her disciple John Broward and you have Thompson and we had David Gold and Barry Young and all these heat for right wing types.
And I'm not saying that people who are conservative shouldn't have a place on the air, but these aren't just conservatives. I mean, these are boot stompers.
And you notice what a big mark they've all made in the market, right? You put them all together and you don't have a one share. Although John, of course, is continuing to bask in the glory of that one.
And in this book, we have a visit to Summer book where everybody's share was like double or something. If you will.
Okay, it's 12 18 and W1. See, I think we're going to take a little early break. I'm going to take a little club soda here and slug down the rest of the lasagna. I mean, just a little don't get nervous.
Oh, yeah, you are. I can prove that. Yeah, you know, you know something. You're the same guy that's called for a long time on this show to tell me how unhappy I am.
This is what you're talking. This is the first time I've heard from you. Yes, I do know what I'm talking about. Let's see, one of one of the things I'm going to make very clear to you is I listen to other shows. And I know the people, most of the people in this market in this business pretty well.
And I listen to people call in and I listen to their comments. It came up three hours later. Never found a serious problem. Now are you are you filling the void for him while he's in rehab? I don't even know who you talk. Oh, I know. I know.
Just like he didn't know from anything either. At any rate, the main thing is, you know, is that every little thing that bothers you and gets you upset. It just shows that you're a miserable guy.
But you know something you listen every day. Absolutely. What's that? I watch wrestling too, but it's the same thing. It's entertainment. Yeah, plus exactly. It's entertainment. It is entertainment. It shows no, it's a good purpose. It's entertainment.
But in terms of like wrestling is entertainment too. It's all fake and fraud. And that's what it is. And people magazine, you're proud of making people magazine. You and Madonna and all the other low lives.
Exactly. We're all low lives except you and Taffy. No, not except me and Taffy. About 90% of humanity. You're one of the 10% of people.
Oh, it's elevated. We're some of the low lives Madonna now too. What has she done? What has she done? She's a slob. And so are you. She's a slob.
Oh, the way that I mean a slob in terms of the way you are. You're a mess. Oh, yeah, I know. You know it's true. Oh, I know. Tell us more. Tell us more.
As a listen, this is a civil conversation. Come on, Mitch. Tell us more. Do you know so much about me, just like I know so much about you. It's like you have to fill your time. You work four hours a day. And if you're not eating or stuffing something in your mouth or something like that, you have nothing to do. That's why.
Oh, yeah, this is the guy. This is the guy. Get get rid of him. Will you? That's the same. This guy's called his show. I don't know how many times. How many times with that same routine? And he knows that I have nothing to do. And I'm so unhappy and I'm so miserable. But he wouldn't miss a minute of it. And that you see what he's doing there. It's all rationalization over the fact that he can't stop listening.
Unbelievable. I mean, he's really a piece of work. 1235 at W.I. and Z. Let's go to Miami next. Tello. Hello there. Yes, sir. That last guy probably listens to you so he can have an orgasm. Well, it's obvious he's got a lot to do because I'm on for four hours every day. And he wouldn't miss a minute of it.
Oh, I tell you that guy. I don't know a strange person. But I'll rumor for you. Rumor has it over to a wonderful lot of dreamers that Peyton was canned or else she's going to have to take one of those lonely, lonely graveyard shifts. Fans of yours.
I go Anthony, oh, there. Hi, Mikey. He asked that and he's one of your closet listeners. Oh, now come on. You couldn't possibly work over there and be making terrible comments about the assassin on the air.
Well, I'm assuming that they're not going to recognize my voice. But that's they are. They're listening. You got a great fan club over there to wonderful. I know, I know my Miller. It's been great shambles over there.
Okay. Well, I'll be on the phone with Bill today. Find out what's going on. Oh, yeah. I think Bill first of making an announcement today before he goes off the air. I asked to Peyton status, but I'm not. I don't know whether he'll are.
Are you cereal? Yeah, I'm not sure he's going to he's going to give out the poop on it directly or if he's just going to say something vague like maybe she's a little tia. But well,
wasn't she on today? No, I know Bill's home today. He's taking her time slot and Ranieri said this morning that she was in a tia, which is probably not too. She's probably at home trying to decide what to do.
Because over there they have this technique that you are. Oh, I know they shift you. Are they give you the four o'clock in the morning shift? Yeah, they today ask you do you really appreciate your job go home and think about it. And then you go home and think about it.
Unbelievable. It's a strange little place, but you know cops has been going around in circle for the past year or so. Yeah, they really got their act together. Man, it's incredible. Let's call it scoreboard radio. You have to have a scorecard with a pencil and a racer to follow the lineup.
Yeah, it's I don't know how to even keep in one of I think I'd be running for the heels if I had a position with worth money. Okay, listen, good luck to you. Thanks for the tip. Okay,
okay. How you got a great show? Not only that people I would listen to you, but most of people I know in a community who are in their 30s, a lot of professional people.
They love your program and just keep it up. Thanks a lot. Okay, boy, what an inflammatory rumor there. How about Sandy possibly biting the dust?
Now what would that mean? What would happen? This is only the 15th of April and they got to the first of July before King comes over and brings Michael Desisto to the island dreams.
What in the hell are they going to do over there? Man, it's just in turmoil turmoil. The market is just collapsing all around us like the fall of Pompeii.
We have two open lines by the way. Everybody's gone. If you'd like to speak to Saul block who is Ken block's father, you can reach him at 932.
4192. 932. 4192. And we have a celebrity caller, ladies and gentlemen standing by under duress. Oh, come on. Are you wearing a duress? He did that, but that's the kind of interesting isn't it?
Well, I hadn't thought about it before. Yeah, well, like I said, we're going to be giving that number out many times today. Listen, good luck to you and let us hear from him.
Okay, Glenn. Okay, but there goes Glen Hill who is a cult hero in parts of South Florida now as a result of this show. It's 1114 at Wion Z and look at that ball manager just all it up like a Christmas tree, but I'm sure that none of these people want to talk to me.
See, during the week, they don't want to talk to me. They want to talk to Kyle and now they want to talk to Kathy.
In fact, I noticed that the little dot there is just beeping. Is that mean that they don't want to talk?
Or you just don't want to talk to them. Is that it? I can't believe it. Anyway, Ernie Sochin has God on his show this afternoon.
Okay, it's 8 before 11. We have a caller online too in Miami. It's as desperate to talk to Kathy before 11.
And of course, some of our callers, of course, so can't hold it much longer than that. Hello.
Hello. Yeah. Morning. By the way, if anybody wants to call Ken this weekend, Ken's home number.
You're going to do that. Oh, sure. 932 8542. How can you happen to have that? And from Broward, call collect Hollywood. Hello.
Hi. How you doing? Yeah. We woman called and said that she was repulsed by what?
Good. Was it by Kathy? Was it by the douchebag? Was it by freeway and spigot? What was she repulsed by?
See, that's a kind of caller that Mark Cune gets all during the daytime and is programming off as all these old bags.
Oh, well, you said that.
Huh? Exactly. Like that blue one sitting right by you there. She didn't say by what? Just repulsed.
I think it was by the sound of your voice. No, I think it was because of freeway and the bar of soap. Freeway and spigot? Yeah, I don't care.
Okay, if there's anybody out there who wants Kathy to stay at least till one.
Oh, no. And my husband called because her husband is a monkey around.
Look at that. You haven't gotten that many calls in six weeks. Still one line in Broward there. Look at that.
I don't think that's determining. I'm leaving now. Sorry. Anyway, I wasn't. I did not come here. I wasn't getting paid yesterday.
That's the only reason I didn't come on a Friday. You're like Spindel. You only show up on Friday to get your paycheck every other week.
Yeah, that pay check. I make that. I can't. I'm so glad someone saved that for you, Neil, because that's my favorite bit you play. It's if I beat it.
The Michael Jackson one is incredible. You think the lady who was repulsed will get upset. We ought to pull out all the good stuff today.
After Kathy leaves, because if anybody pulls anything out good, man, she's ready to.
No, I'm serious. You don't really understand. You don't understand. You have become a sex pot to people all over.
You are the only man that can make a six month pregnant woman sound. I had a guy called yesterday. He said he wouldn't let that stand in his way.
He said where there's a will. There's a way. Well, there's lots of will. So watch out. I think. I heard the man calling the name was will be the not.
No, I'm sure it wasn't him. I'm not 13. But I. I am. I heard the man calling and say there was flattering. He said I reminded him of his daughter and it was.
I thought that was very nice. You know what that guy does with his daughter. That's one of those perverts. I'm telling you anyway, Neil. Seriously, though. You're the only one that can.
You have power. You have that. You are that powerful that you can make me of a doubty pregnant happy happily married mother of one and a half.
I mean, can you imagine the program director saying to me with a serious look on his face that this sex thing with you, you know, it's getting old.
It is. And that we have to create some kind of a new image. Yeah, what's it? Maybe you could be Taffy McCallum. Why don't we start with Taffy show on Monday? Okay. Let's I haven't even looked at the promo card.
How do you call my Marines view the current crisis in the court? I was going to be talking to Marines. I talked to they're changing. They're slowing you know the view the proud of the celibate. Yeah.
I heard Alice talking about that earlier in the week. He said, well, what choice do they have? I mean, they're over there all alone. Well, I guess they could masturbate. But now that's, you know, that's not too exciting.
I mean, what is that all about? No, it was funny. I think he wanted to go over and help him out when you think of the Soviet way. He wants to go.
He wants to lend them a helping hand is what I'm not the shock. The shock is that the Soviet women you think of them as these big fat ugly bull dikes.
I wasn't going to say that, but that's such a good word. Thank you.
Listen, if the people of the weekly news want to mess with me, man, go ahead. You think of them as that way. You know, the ones that walk around in those daddy looking outfits and sure enough, there's some actual ones over there that have sex and probably have it pretty well.
I don't think so. Congratulations to them. I think the German women are much but you're the East German women. Yeah, then the Soviet women. Oh, yeah. The weight lift is you will do it. Some of these babes were looking maybe good. Those Russian women.
Really? I mean, the ones. Oh, yeah, I want to tell us about it. You really do have. I think you could qualify for lesbian dialed days. She's auditioning for Stern folks. This show will never be big enough for you.
Well, you can be sure of that. If this show isn't big enough for you, we've heard about Howard. So that's not going to make it either.
The madam never called back. The madam called and you didn't hear about this. Yes, for Glen Hill. She called at 10 o'clock Thursday morning the day after that we were begging for the day after.
And she wanted to speak to Glen. She is such a star now. She should never mess with Neil Rogers for I'm telling you will destroy her career in no time.
She'll be down to half a million by the end of the week. We can just let this hang here. Yeah, let the bag hang there and kind of collect the drippings from the show.
I'm going to go forward you. Exactly. Hey, listen, I'll put it right in there. It doesn't bother me at all. Me. I'm serious. I mean, if you want to be shocked, we're here to please Kathy. No, okay, let's do a little break. 22 before 11 and then when we come back, we're going to let some of the people in the audience talk to Kathy West.
No, I know. For the first time. See, you're a chicken. You don't take any calls on your show. I'm sure I call them up. 6401. All the horny young men in the audience. And if there any horny hot ladies out there who are, you know, so disposed.
Believe me, the rumor is that Kathy is getting ready to try anything. No, no, no, no, you said that. You said you in the madam. I said, I'll take same call. This is not dial a date. We don't even have to give the number. Look at that.
They'd count a 624 0191. No heavy breathers now. Come on. 624 0191. Broward 764 0707. Your chance to talk to the madam on W I N Z. Hey, listen, she left. You can use the name now. It's open. It fits in with your image. No way 21 before 11 here at W I N Z. A M and we'll come back after this.
Oh, great. What is it? The shady and the tramp. Oh, wait a minute. I said with loving gestures. Of course. She's very sensitive. That was you. So she's pretending, but she is squeezing the bag while you're speaking, sir. Neil, that's the tramp. You play that part right? Neil? Right. Listen, I've heard two rumors about Kathy and I know. Okay. No rumors. I understand that you were going to do. You're going to have the child by natural childbirth and have a life remote hooked up for your fans. Yeah. That's now that.
That was a good idea. We thought about that. That would be very interesting. We thought about that. We should also have a write in decide what the name, what the name should be. I was going to name my kid Neil until I met Neil. How about spigot? And also I heard that the people from Pregos spaghetti sauce want you to be either spoke for the last three months. I'm waiting for the punch line on that. Oh, it's okay. Go. Okay. Forget it. Can't. That was bad. Now I'm not staying here for any more of the
this. Neil, they're just going to call and slam me for one end of the other North Miami. Hello. Hi. Hi. Oh, it's a woman. I hope you're nice to me. Hey, you don't remember me. Kathy, I called you one morning. You would hire that overnight show at four o'clock in the morning. And my dog was barking. Yeah, I remember that. I remember I wanted to shoot it, but I know. No, no, I said, I love dogs. I just think you're terrific. I always have. And I think meals in you are just.
I enjoy you so much. And my husband does. Oh, your husband does. Well, I'm a little worried about that, but then you understand, this is all very if you'll excuse the punch. Okay. I understand all that. No, but I know really truly. I agree with all the people that have called up during the week and I listen to Neil. Oh, they mean they were more than just one. Oh, yeah. Oh, well, they're forming about you. Kathy. I don't want them foaming. I want to get to know if you're I'm not trying to get to know you. I just want to go. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I don't know. I don't know. I just want to know if you're still going to be. I don't know. Yeah. I know you're just a little bit of a woman. I don't know if I'm just going to be like you. I just want to know if you're with me. I don't know
I'm not foaming as I am.
South Florida is moist over Kathy West.
South Florida is a waste waterland of vast Everglades anyways.
What were you saying, man?
My husband's in the Everglades today.
Oh, she's telling me what?
She's passing the information on.
No, he's the one that goes out frogging
and we get the frogs over to Bill Calder.
You don't really go frogging, do you?
I don't.
My husband.
Oh, this is bad deal.
Yeah, Calder eats frogs as a matter of fact.
Eats frog legs.
Well, did you hear the news this morning?
They were talking about the frogs that have mutations
that have eight legs over there in California.
I think your husband would be very interesting.
It interested to hear that story.
Frog to have Frank read that up top.
The hour.
Well, listen, man, it's been great hearing from you,
but you know what they say.
What do they say?
Like.
