Ami Frags, invading.
I'm looking through you, Wendy.
York Attorney acting as General Counsel to the PTL Television Network today, confirmed
that the ministry intends to file a petition for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the U.S.
Bankruptcy Code.
The Board of Directors voted yesterday to authorize the filing, which he says will allow the
financially beleaguered ministry to continue operating pending a restructuring of its debts.
Miller also says the filing will freeze PTL's assets thereby protecting them from being seized
by creditors and by Jim and Tammy Faye.
I wonder if that the timing of that is just because Jim and Tammy Faye happen to come back
into town yesterday.
Oh no.
They don't want to get their hands on anything, I guess.
That's another problem.
I know.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I just wanted to get into the privacy of his vehicle and hear this by himself.
I have my business, and one of the reasons I don't hire black Americans because they are
very delinquent and estupics.
Oh, that's nice.
Oh, they're saying it.
Wait a minute.
Let's slow down for the benefit of the people who couldn't understand your broken English.
You don't hire black Americans because they're dirty, delinquent and stupid.
They have proof.
They have why?
They have proof.
They've proved it.
Yes.
Now, the other thing is...
What's matter, you jealous because there are no Cuban basketball players in the NBA?
Is that your problem?
No.
I mean, you've obviously got a problem.
No.
How about your problem?
I want to tell you, I got this citizenship because that way I can do whatever I want, and
I can put my own people to represent me over there, like Pereira and all these good people
that you are talking about then.
I don't care what they do.
The idea is they have no a deal from a Cuban business.
And listening to this, we don't need like you people.
You can go over there and to leave or not.
What do you mean by them?
What do you mean like you people?
Who else don't you like beside the blacks?
In other words, you don't like anybody but Cubans, right?
How about black Cubans?
How about all those black Cubans who came over during the Marriott Bolt lift?
You don't like them?
They are okay.
Oh, they're okay.
Okay.
But listening to this.
So it's just American blacks, all depending on where they came from.
If they came from Africa, they're bad.
If they came from Cuba, they're good.
How about Haitians?
Haitians?
Yeah.
No, no, they...
Listen, I don't want to know Haitians.
What does that mean?
No.
What kind of an answer is that to the question?
They are pigs.
You want to know that?
They are pigs.
They don't like it.
Yeah.
I want to tell you about...
And what are you?
What are you?
Some kind of a subhuman cretin?
No.
Then what are you?
No, but we...
Sound like one.
You go to an American neighborhood.
You see the...
What is an American neighborhood?
What the hell does that mean?
What is an American neighborhood?
Get out of here.
You moron, you jackass.
You subhuman douchebag.
Scum, that's what you are.
You're human excrement floating around.
Driving the team.
The South is big dreams.
It's just you better.
Watch your step.
Take a step forward.
See them limp down the court.
While you're holding up the stretcher.
Can you hold down the fork?
We're parishing fast.
Engine of cast.
Any other team would just be dragging us.
The man got wilder by killing my tail.
Angles getting better now.
His wand is bad.
Driving the team.
The South is big dreams.
It's just you better.
Watch your step.
Open your eyes.
Then drop it like flies.
You can't give up all the rest of you.
You can keep a good bite.
You can't give up all the rest of you.
You can't give up all the rest of you.
Almost made up for losing at Calder yesterday being able to watch.
Mr. Kesai, where you'd end of time or where I ought.
And money from the arms sales to I ran.
Was being illegally devloited to the contrast.
You know Mr. Senator?
I'm glad you asked that question.
Because the countries are guerrilla fighters.
And guerrillas always remind me of the monkeys.
And isn't it great that after all these years,
there once again the hard drop of teenagers all across the US of A.
Mr. Kesai, where you just answer the question.
Well sir, there's nothing I'd like better.
But on the advice of council, I must regrettably and respectfully decline your request.
But don't go away because I'm going to take the fifth.
And of course I can only mean the fifth dimension.
The year was 1967 with this.
It's a case of the chance.
Well the guards removed this man from the train by immediately.
See those mangames on the town of Eicheggak.
26 pairs, 10 at W.I.
Yes.
Are the US?
Okay, it's 11.07 at W.
Oh, that's good.
Oh, that's good.
Turn it up a little louder.
Turn it up a little louder.
Oh, wait a minute, I got a good idea.
Wait a minute, I got a good idea.
Wait a minute, I got a good idea.
Oh, they hung up.
Oh, they left.
That was the best call of the day.
That was a good time.
That was the best call of the day.
What line is that on?
That's gone.
That was terrific.
Got a paid phone in Hollywood going back with a phone again.
Great.
Okay, put that one on hold.
Leave that one there.
Can't do it.
Hello.
I'm Mary Smart and trend this year is perfume named after television celebrities.
First, there was crystal for women and Carrington for men.
But now you can also dab on an essence of cause.
If you want to smell like money,
hold out to smell like a hairy cat eating extra terrestrial.
And introduce just this week its stench of Oprah,
the overwhelming smell of a big nosy fat woman,
crossing my legs behind my head and tying them in a knot.
I'm Mary Smart entertainment this morning.
Okay, I'm going to be excited when the...
This is the world.
The world is the world.
The world is the world.
The world is the world.
Your life came running to jobs.
Said, you're your children are dead.
You're a pusher god instead of fazing them instead.
He said, he said, woman, you talk like foolish woman.
You do not talk like my woman.
Because the Lord God did it.
And the Lord God took it away.
Hallelujah, be the name of the Lord.
Hallelujah, be his name.
My friends, this is your good friend, the Reverend Moli.
Holy moly.
Invent you all to join us here.
And I cannot tell you how good it makes me feel
to see so many Christian faces here in our player tent tonight.
As you know, we are now going into our tent consecutive year on the air
with our combined faith healing and Christian crusade against communism.
Now, God, God cannot win this battle against the atheist,
communist and conspiracy without your help.
God needs your financial aid in this struggle against the communism.
God needs your help. God knows God needs your help.
My friends, my program, The Word of Truth is broadcast to 150 stations
throughout the United States and Canada.
And of course, I need your financial aid to continue this battle against the atheistic communist to conspiracy.
So we ask you to send whatever you can.
Be it a penny, a dime or a dollar to kill a communist for Christ, box to to you for.
Box to to for and tell.
So, oh, oh.
You do it today.
You feel better far.
Come on.
Hear my friend.
My friends, we have witnessed this week as we do every week.
Many poor unfortunate handicapped individual Christian brothers.
Good Lord, it seems that.
Good Lord, it seems that.
It's right from down during Passover.
Why we do not know.
But we do know this, my friends.
If they believe, if Jesus is in my heart, then I can and will cure them here tonight.
All I have to ask is that you give your heart to Jesus.
The first one who does will receive 2500 fame stamps.
All right, now.
May I have my first poor unfortunate.
Will you please step right out here.
You have nothing to be afraid of now.
You are in the 10th of the Lord and you tell us what is your problem.
All Lord, may I come down.
You talk to me.
I talk to the Lord.
All right, thank you.
My thumb, she's immobile again.
Immobile, well, my friends.
Immobility, immobility, immobility.
How many times have I heard that tire some praise.
Three times.
All right, now don't fool around us as airtime.
All right, now.
Hold it out there.
Tell me now.
Do you believe?
Yes, I do.
Are you Christian, thought, and thee?
Yes, I am.
Do you go to church every Sunday?
Yes, I do.
All right, then come with me.
Hold up.
Oh, Lord, you hear?
Oh, Lord, she's your friend, the Reverend Loli.
Come with me over to W.W.W.W.W.P. and West Virginia.
Hello?
You'll be able to bore him by the hazym's down pretty mobile thumb.
He's been on A.V.M. that thumb since Chabot.
He'll order I ask to invent this boy mobility.
He'll order I ask to cur him as I say those two great words.
Say them every day.
Jesus, he all.
Hey, John.
A little more face.
A little more face.
It's a money in the pot and the way out my friends.
He was not cured because Jesus was not in his heart.
Was he not cured?
There was.
You heard his accent.
He came up from Godless Cuba.
The spict comes out here.
What's God's decree?
My friends, God will not cure those spicts.
They won't let Jesus in the house.
They're not helping for a frame.
Then until I did, I'm not cured and spict won.
All right, man.
My friends, I am the word of truth.
Hey, man.
I will tell you things the government never's not.
Tell you.
The government says to me, hush up.
They say, hush up, forever, my wife.
I will not.
Hush up.
I will sleep the truth.
I will tell you what the government there's not.
Tell you.
The government says you will not accept the truth.
I say you will.
You know what's happening to stay in Florida?
Tell us.
All right.
Giant frogs are eating people in Florida.
Giant tormenting frogs.
They're eating people in Florida.
And they are devouring whole towns in Florida.
And if you think I'm lying, what was the last time anyone here
got a call from Tampa?
All right.
You think about that, my friends.
My friends, I say these are gallous eight theistic frogs
bred in coming to Cuba.
I say, cast a beacon.
And now the shed of night and shit's about to daydk.
Telling to hang around a fountain of the hotel.
And people say to me, happy you noticed.
How do you notice?
There's one.
All right.
We know.
We know these frogs come from Godless Cuba.
We have photographs of large number of Cuban refugees
arriving in this country with words.
More than that.
More than that, my friends.
We have with us tonight a gentleman who is living poop.
He's going to give us mute testimony in an oral way.
So what he saw.
He has come up here from Dave County by any day choke out
fountain to let his own expense of the great personal loss.
And he is going to tell us what he saw and what he heard in his own
Christian words.
The place day I got there.
What's your matter?
Are you one of us?
I'm a converter.
That's all right.
That's quite all right.
I understand that he was too.
All right, man.
You go ahead.
I heard that.
All right.
Yeah.
But what happened was I was sitting behind you know by the pool in the back
on the Sunday.
And suddenly I heard enough not just sound.
It's terrible sound.
It's terrible sound.
It got less sound.
It got less sound.
It's the air.
Now, would you reproduce the hideous sound of the Communist frog for us
here tonight?
Would you reproduce that sound?
Ready?
Oh my God.
I've never heard anything like that.
I've never heard anything like that.
My friends, if you got a senior neighborhood, a senior neighborhood,
a senior neighborhood, I want you to squash it.
Kill it.
Kill it.
Kill it.
Kill it.
Kill it.
God can't take that chance.
Now, what did you do?
What did you do?
You heard that sound.
What did you do?
I came to where my wife, Walter, was diving off.
She loves to dive.
A big woman.
She was diving off the top ball.
And she was halfway down in a beautiful cannonball.
And suddenly a gigantic tongue whipped out.
Grab the...
It's the biggest, 12-y mouth I ever saw in my life.
It can't be this far.
Definitely.
I recognize the uniform.
Hey, you're...
All right.
Now, did you go to her age?
I either went.
And I haven't been able to move the head since.
God, you know what I said.
God said I would use this bar as an example.
God said that I did.
All right. Now, hold it up there.
Do you believe?
Yes, I do.
Are you fishing by the lead?
Blately.
Do you go to church or something?
I do.
Have you even washed him a blood of the lamb?
I can't even imagine that.
I'm going to...
It's three-way.
I'm going to go land now.
I'm going to go land now.
I'm going to go land now.
We don't do it, it sounds good.
What's in the wild, you'll get a seed.
There's a lot of you going to go.
That's all right.
Hold it up there now.
Long you believe.
That's from the bottom.
All right.
Hold on.
Oh, Lord, look at me.
Oh, Lord, you have the twist in that pan.
Lord, he is sorry.
Oh, Lord, I believe you.
He is sorry.
I'm kind of...
Lord, I asked you now, to please it for the Lord.
But this is Lord.
To please make that one hand like the other.
To Lord, I beg of you, make that one hand like the other.
To Lord, please make that one hand like the other.
So Lord, I say what I said was here.
Oh my God, he did.
Lord, you've got the wrong hand here.
Lord, you've got the wrong hand, Lord.
Oh, Lord, he's on the road.
Go along.
Go along there, son.
I can't hear that puppy or not, I can't hear it.
Come on, large shape up.
Our last word unfortunate of the evening is a face that is familiar to many of you.
He was with us last week. He was not cured.
But through your cards and letters, you voted him most popular, and so he is back again.
You can write up here now. You have nothing to be afraid of. You can write up here now.
There he is. All right. There you go. There you go.
I'd like to thank everybody who voted for me.
All right. Well, see if we can't get that big vote in the sky.
All right, man. You tell us.
You tell us what is your problem.
I got these tight shoes.
I can't hear it.
Oh, holy moly, I'm a mess.
All right. Here we go.
Now you tell us, can I do you believe?
Do you believe?
Do you party, you believe?
You got your finger on my ear.
That's the good one, yeah.
That's all right.
Do you believe?
Yes, I do.
Are you Christian and Bob and me?
Yes, I am.
Are you going to church every Sunday?
Yes, I do.
Have you been washed in the blood of the oil?
I tried everything hard.
And come with me.
Oh, Lord, look at here.
Oh, Lord, hear me now.
Lord, I know that we only have a few moments of your precious air time left.
But Lord, I ask, you know, Lord, do you say Lord?
I ask, you know, Lord, I ask you to sit down.
The electricity of the honey goes to Lord.
I ask, you know, Lord, I ask you to speak to Lord.
I ask you to make a sound, Lord.
I ask you to speak this mind.
I ask you to speak this arms.
I ask you to speak this bag.
I ask you to speak to Lord.
I ask you to make a call, Christian and your army.
Oh, Lord, I'll beg of you.
Amen.
There's a more faith for some.
Put some money in the apartment way.
I'll try again next week.
Now my friends, these young people.
You know, look, you did it.
You've given me a straight.
You've voted me.
I support you.
I assistance you to it.
In the name of Jesus Christ to me, I say,
I beg of you and pray for me to you.
If you're worthy and beloved,向祂."
When the fire of God comes out of your Todo Christ,
Jesus Christ craves your own recyclines and you'llней
I see world, most centuries in every world.
Jesus Christ who speaks and stole it from your teachings.
I call it the Rogers.
Somebody can sleep.
That's the smoke eater, folks.
Do you believe that?
Doesn't make any noise, right?
Of course not. It's just our imagination.
Adios.
We're just losing it today, folks.
It's all slipping through our fingers.
Here's a letter that we got today that I think we ought to share with the audience, don't you?
Major came on yesterday and he blamed you for the fact that he didn't get any calls in the
beginning of the show.
Mm-hmm.
Well, you know, whatever happens, it's my fault.
You have a mic on top of the smoke eater?
Oh yeah, it's on. Keep it on.
That's to the talk what the teletype is to the news.
Oh, that's part of our new format here at Winds.
If we got the pot open all the way, good.
Good. Good. That's good.
Dear Mr. Rogers, Glen Hill on cart.
Just when I think I'm listening to FM, I hear Glen Hill cackle in the middle of
money is too tight to mention and know that he hasn't found a real job yet.
I love the music.
Keep the music.
He puts it at a shame and besides,
Zeta doesn't have Glen Hill.
It's better than the Stephen Edie show.
If Steve had Michael DeSisto cackle on cart,
Aralus had Brian Norcross tittering, it wouldn't be the same.
Keep the Glen Hill cart.
We have some morbid fascination with Glen Hill.
Tweety birds should go into syndication.
The old prunes probably hate the music.
They hated what you said, but now they have to contend with.
I want your sex by George Michael.
The last time they remember sex is when they had their last animal.
Oh god.
Oh god is what they said.
You can really satisfy Fowler's fascination with Rantel.
Fowler's quote, yes, I'm jealous.
I settled for program director when I knew I could do talk or at least polls
by playing Paul Simon's myth of fingerprints off his Graceland album.
Come see us over on the FM.
We might have it on CD or at least on Edison's cylinder.
We like Stan, at least we don't have to wonder whether she's Donner Rice under that school
teacher with her hair in a bun, Ernie's quote.
What does that mean?
I don't know that.
I don't know that.
Well, we have to get back to our drug-induced listeners.
Keep up the great work.
See what peaches.
And surely Jeff Gonser and Jeff Chase, aka Glen Hill.
Now, I don't think that Gonser and Chase were probably ideal.
Huh?
Is it possible?
It's like Don Johnson.
I'm not sure.
We don't really know.
No, we don't really know.
Well, I don't know which is worse.
I'm hearing you in one channel and I hear the smoke heater out of the other one.
It's like stereo on AM.
Don't we complement each other?
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, maybe we'll take a poll.
Which is the most annoying sound?
The smoke heater humming in the background or Tweety Bird cackling over to my right.
Which one just makes you nauseous?
It's AM stereo.
Well, actually, the smoke heater is a voice heater.
What it's designed to do is to get your voice off the ear.
I'm here.
It just eats up the sound waves off of that mic.
I'm here to bother people.
Yeah, and you're doing a great job of it, man.
They're hysterical.
I know.
By the time Major came on yesterday,
there was no audience.
No measurable audience.
That's what he said.
You know, here I sit here leaving him the biggest audience in daytime radio in this market.
And he has the audacity to come on here.
What did Neil do?
What did Neil do?
I heard that yesterday.
What did I do?
Must have been Glenn Hill's.
Well, his guest today is going to be the Kapo De Tudi.
What the hell does that mean?
Would you want to be the Kapo De Tudi?
That's seriously.
With the mafia, they have all these different titles.
There's the Kapo De regime and the Kapo De Tudi and the Kahn Salieri.
And maybe we can get a lesson today for the audience.
Maybe some...
Remember, we had the first time when we had what's your name on?
Sam Giancana's daughter Antoinette on the phone.
The second time when she was here in the studio,
we got no response.
But the first time was amazing.
We got all these mafia people calling in.
Really?
They were all in the grave.
They all lived down here, darling.
They lived my show.
It was great.
Yeah, they loved it.
And they just...
Homes down here.
Yeah, over there in...
What is it?
Golden Beach.
Sure.
Of course.
Right over there by Hallendale.
And we appreciate all of you listening.
We're thrilled to have you.
Maybe we ought to do the rest of the show for the mafia today.
And listen, they're having some rough time.
We ought to...
You know, we like to share things with people who are going through rough times in life.
Let's take a call from Pembert Pines while you're here
and see if they're more upset about you, the mafia, or the smoke eater.
Hello?
Are you there?
Pembert Pines disappeared.
North Miami.
Hello.
No?
Yes.
My name's Ali Yul.
Okay.
I'm calling about...
I'm calling about...
Hello?
Yes.
I'm calling a reference about the remodeling of the maid earlier.
You're wrong.
You think that none of the Haitians listened to your I-maheation
and I do listen to you and I don't take anything personal?
Good.
Well, I told them that all the Haitians listened to this show.
He didn't want to believe.
I enjoy listening to you in regards to anybody.
It doesn't bother me.
Well, what do you think about that contrived thing that took place here on the weekend?
All those people dragged out here.
Didn't even know what station this was.
Even took it personal.
I mean, if they know that it's not them,
they should have even bothered.
If they came out here, then it proved that they were...
They're proven what's done, whatever he said was true.
Exactly. That's a very good point.
I never thought of that.
I did.
Yeah.
I listen to you every morning and I go to work listening to you
and whatever anything I say,
I listen to you as a bother near that.
Yeah, that's an old American saying.
If the cat fits, kill it.
Okay, you have a good saying.
You too.
Thank you. That's great.
That's a good call.
Oh, yeah.
That was a good call.
I agree.
We have a lot of nice Asian people out there listening to this show.
Sure.
Nightcree.
You're right.
Downtown Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
All right.
First of all, who does the Vatican rag it
and is it available on record?
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, Tom Lear, L-E-H-R-E-R.
And it's on an album called That Was The Year That Was.
It's on Reprise Records, R-E-P-R-I-S-E.
And if Peeches can order it or any big records
to it, they don't have it.
They can order it.
Okay.
Can I do that?
Also, I have a special request for that
a request.
Pee is the rock that I called out from under by a Tammy.
Special.
Tammy Faye.
Special request.
Yeah, that.
Now while I'm looking for it, I want you to reprise.
Yeah, that's what I always call it.
Reprise.
Not reprise.
I always called it.
Oh, get out of here.
Refreeze.
While I'm looking for that, I want you to tell me which one is
annoying you the most now.
The sound of the uh,
vocal, the cackler.
The cackle.
I can't hear the uh, the mosquito.
The mosquito thing, yeah, the mosquito fryer.
Yeah.
That's a great thing about it.
It kills bugs in the studio until it's getting close.
Well, that's because we had all these patients come out here on Saturday.
Only kidding.
Now that's just a joke.
Just a joke.
The guy had a, I think he had two wives and four cats.
What?
There was some guy, you said he was four wives and two cats or two wives and four.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, I remember that guy.
Have I got any of the strange?
I was going to call out, but I wonder if the godfather is cute up again,
or if it's.
I think so.
I always take my life and my hands when I open that pot.
I really do.
Well, listen, you want to hear Tammy Faye, huh?
Yeah, please.
What does Tammy Faye do for you?
Um, not much, really.
Really?
Really?
Well, maybe she'd like to do something for you.
Maybe you could go shopping and T.J. Maxx with her one day.
That's an idea.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
You too. Thank you.
In a wonderful life.
Finally, but 10 record sets.
You've been waiting for.
Tammy Faye's unbelievable new album.
Here's the rock.
I crawled out from under.
I put six p.m. tons of makeup on.
Then my husband does it with Jessica Hound.
Oh, very far cold.
And go, I will.
A most strong man with on boobs and pants.
It's all here.
The headache.
The heartache.
The pancake.
The rocket weight just is my face.
My mascara only rays.
Tammy Faye's here's the rock that I crawled out from under.
Won't you buy my new album?
If you don't, you're burning hair.
You're belly-wee-yo.
Thank you, God bless you.
Are you?
Okay.
Glenn is gurgling.
He's making gurgling sounds now.
Usually he caccles, but during the playing of that, he was making gurgling sounds.
Before he leaves the studio, he's going to tell us the name of that this jerk.
Oh, yeah.
I have to do that.
Has nicknamed her husband's genitals, hermen and mcbeens.
Also, we want to promote a new show on Zeta since they are after all our sister station.
They have that little segment every day called the sole patrol.
And I hear it through the grapevine.
I haven't confirmed it that they have a new segment today.
And I'm not sure I really understand what it's all about.
It's called the whole patrol.
That's coming on Zeta at about one o'clock.
So that ought to be a real winner.
Pemberg Pines, hello.
One in nail.
How you doing?
Okay, first time call it.
Nilo is wondering if you received something in the mail called the PHS formula.
Yes, I did.
You mean for winning at the track, I haven't in my car as a matter of fact.
Okay, I'm the fellow who sent it to you.
Well, I'll tell you now, I know in the beginning you said on there that system
that it seems pretty bizarre.
And I will say that it does.
I just glanced at it.
And I don't know.
I have my doubts.
Does it really work?
Well, it's worked for me for 12 years.
Really? Are you not working?
You just go to the track?
Uh, no, I don't even go to the track anymore.
I'm a flimmer owner and breeder.
Who developed this system.
And now I'm, excuse me, now I make my living selling this system.
And I have an awful lot of testimonials.
And awful lot of people like it.
And I want to know if you've given it a shot yet.
Well, I'll tell you, I'm so desperate these days.
Next time I go out to Calder, I'll give it a try.
Well, please do.
I think you'll be very happy with it.
Good. Thanks a lot.
I appreciate it.
Okay.
When anybody who can't hear the sound of that smoke eater
has got to be deaf,
the guy on the phone said he couldn't hear it.
Well, he was deaf.
It's incredible in here.
It's real loud in here.
I have to go out and listen on my radio,
out in the office and see if I can hear it.
I'll let you know.
What do you mean if you can hear it?
That's the monitor you're listening to.
Now dummy, that's not it.
That's the monitor.
It's real loud.
It's louder.
That means it's.
What was that?
What kind of a non-sequitur was that?
Kind of a moronic statement was that.
I'm the king of non-sequiturs.
Yeah.
Or something close.
Listen to that.
Now, what do you people in the audience do
about the militant non-smokers in your office?
Or in your home?
Or in your restaurant?
What a disgusting sound.
Yeah, a woman called in to say she can hear it.
Good.
And she doesn't even have a radio on.
So in the neighborhood?
Exactly.
Somebody who was out there for that rally
for that, um,
sanary ritual on Saturday.
By the way, they're still selling souvenirs
from Saturday's get together.
They have stand-made your voodoo dolls
that they're selling out in the corner at 207th and the palm.
Okay, a man,
he had a mobile phone.
No, a man in plantation.
Well, that's close.
That's just as good.
Man in plantation said
that there is a
terrible
buzz on the radio,
on the ear.
Yeah.
He's probably got a terrible buzz
from what he's smoking over there in plantation.
He's probably out there clearing the ground
for that new shopping center
that nobody wants to tell us about.
Boy, that's just enough to drive you nuts.
And you notice they've just abandoned us now.
It's like they've left that in here.
And Gary Lawrence comes in.
Oh, the girls are getting sick in the office.
Their eyes are tearing.
And I try to explain them.
That's only on payday.
It's only when they open up those checks.
Your eyes would tear too if you saw that.
And he evidently didn't find a lot of humor in that.
I don't know.
It didn't?
No.
He gave me some kind of a signal.
I think it meant your number one or something.
Yeah.
Middle finger.
What made me nervous was when Richard Van Hook came in here
and you told him it was
arcing.
Yeah.
And he ran away from it.
And he ran.
That's our chief engineer, folks.
He ran away from the smoke eater.
He went.
It was.
And he ran out of here.
So like a maniac.
In fact, he and Mark Riffin are running up and down the hall
screaming and shouting right now.
When in question or in doubt,
running circles scream and shout.
That's our slogan here at Winds.
That's what's brought us to this position of prominence
in the South Florida radio market.
Exactly.
In fact, when they have their corporate board meetings,
that's what Bob Gilbertson gets up and says in Portland,
Maine.
When in question or in doubt,
running circles scream and shout.
When it's got its radio jammed up, Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
The audience up and let them feel like,
yeah, that's good.
Like they're right here in the studio with us.
It's a copy of a letter.
Well, it's addressed to me so I can read it on the ear.
I have two copies that were one hand delivered in one sent by certified male
and one by certified mule.
Dear Mr. Lawrence, we have been requested by our client, Mr. Rick Shaw.
To contact you in connection with the outrageous and defamatory statements
uttered on the ear by your employee, Neil Rogers,
during his radio broadcasts on June 13, 1987 and June 15, 1987.
During the aforementioned broadcast, Mr. Rogers referred to our client as a
Nazi on three separate occasions.
As you are aware, such references, particularly in the South Florida area,
conjure up extreme emotion and hysteria to members of the listening audience.
These statements are totally false and defamatory and made with malicious intent
to defame Mr. Shaw in both his professional and personal life.
We hear by demand on behalf of our client that both WI and Z and Mr.
Rogers broadcast a retraction on the ear in accordance with Chapter 770 Florida statutes.
In the event that a full retraction of said defamatory statements is not broadcast within
10 days of the date of this letter, we will recommend to our client to immediately
institute litigation for the recovery of compensatory and tuneative damages
against WI and Z and Mr. Neil Rogers individually, Jan D. Atlus attorney.
Here is another one.
Wait a minute.
Here is a third copy.
I want to make sure it says all the same things before I begin my response.
Yes, it is the same thing.
So we have one, two, three strikes in your out three copies of the letter from
Capella Witsandless, Perlman and Trump.
Well, it is interesting.
There are a lot of apologies and retractions being demanded here at Windsor last few days.
And there are a lot of overly sensitive people in and out of the business who have no
sense of humor whatsoever.
And certainly Mr. Shaw, aka Richard Hummel, is one of those.
And all I can say, I want to get to my dictionary first.
And I couldn't nitpick.
I could really make a case here because I don't know Rick Shaw personally.
I've never met the man.
I would recognize him because he is bald with that silly blue hat.
But I will say this that in the dictionary that I have the Webster's New Collegiate Dictionary,
there are two definitions of Nazi.
One capitalized, a member of German fascist party, etc., and so on.
And I'm sure that the one with a capital in would be the one that would
arouse the kind of emotion that the attorneys in this letter are referring to.
The second one, not always capitalized, one held to resemble a German Nazi.
And unfortunately, I've had the bad personal misfortune of coming in contact with several
people who have worked with for or around Mr. Shaw.
And they have been responsible for referring to him in such grotesque terms.
Not having met him, it's certainly unfair for me to refer to him in that manner because I don't
know him personally. Although I will say that when one looks up fascism, if we carry it from the
second definition of Nazi with a small end, the second definition of fascism is a tendency toward
or actual exercise of strong autocratic or dictatorial control.
So you see, it really has nothing specifically to do with the Nazi party or swastikers or with
that repugnant group of subhumans who are responsible for the extermination of so many
millions of people. But naturally, when you're listening on the radio, you can't tell when we say
Nazi, whether we're indicating with a capital in or a small end. And I'm not going to debase my
sub to the poem. I'm going to get into a semantical argument with the attorneys or Mr. Shaw,
aka Richard Hummel, because that would be pointless. I am hereby giving a full total and absolute
unconditional retraction of those scandalous remarks. I mean, it's very possible that those people
who worked for Mr. Shaw have grudges to bear were misinformed, that those people could all have
been mistaken, that they had a false impression. Who am I to make that judgment? So I am absolutely
positively. What happened to my lighter, by the way? Somebody steal my lighter? Without a shadow
of a doubt, giving at this moment 10, 13 AM June 17, 1987, a full and total remark. In fact,
I'll even go to the point of apologizing to Mr. Shaw aka Richard Hummel for having made those
remarks. They were intemperant in poor taste and very possibly incorrect. However,
in my own personal opinion, I think that Mr. Shaw aka Richard Hummel is a douchebag,
is a disgrace to the radio industry. And again, this is only my own personal opinion.
I think that his brogue, his phony brogue on the air, his disgusting two-minute talk-ups to records,
the fact that he's doing things that he did 30 years ago in a year, are tasteless, are shameful.
But again, that's only my personal opinion as a listener to Waxi 105.9 on occasion. So again,
on the one hand, I do offer a full apology and retraction of the comments, Mr. Shaw is not a Nazi,
those comments should never have been made in the first place. But on the other hand, again,
and only expressing a personal opinion, not trying to influence the audience in any way, shape or manner,
I do offer my strong personal opinion that when it comes to this industry, when it comes to broad
casting, when it comes to professionalism, when it comes to that ugly blue cap, Mr. Shaw aka Richard
Hummel, perhaps is a douchebag in the broadest general sense of the term. And while you're sitting
here laughing and gurgling, I have no idea because this happens to be a very serious matter.
Okay, is that enough said about that? You know, this we did the talk up on that record.
I was just in honor of Rick Shaw aka Richard Hummel. And now, seriously, if the man is offended,
and if he took it personally, I have the greatest sorrow and regret. And, you know, what can I say?
I mean, there are some people who just don't have any sense of humor. And what can we say that we
haven't said before, right? Have a lot of question Mark, me on this morning, don't we?
A lot. So Mr. Shaw, we're sorry. I apologize. We retract it. Full retraction. We have several
witnesses in the building. We've made a full and total retraction. Mr. Shaw is not a Nazi. I have never
seen his party card. I have no reason to believe that he holds one. Am I right? Have no reason to
have said that. No, I take that back. I do have reason to have said it because I was unduly influenced
by former Waxie employees who again may have been spreading malicious misinformation.
Now, those people, those people perhaps ought to be the targets of some kind of investigation
for spreading that kind of malicious misinformation. I have a letter here. You want to talk about how
bright the people in the audience are? We have a letter. Did we, didn't we ask you to send a stamped
self-adreced envelope for the boon in the box pictures? Well, here's a guy who sent a stamped self-adreced
envelope. The only problem is he got his address wrong. Now, wait a minute. I want confirmation. I
see that old pinhead up there is in the control room now. Was that sufficient or should we do it over
again? It's James Hummel. Oh, wait a minute. Okay. Now I got to do the whole retraction over again
because I was given more misinformation by Glenn Hill of all people. What a disgrace.
So to Rick Shaw, aka James Hummel, we offer our sincerest apology. We offer a full retraction.
Those comments should never have been said. They were in temperate. They were in port taste. The
man is not a Nazi with a capital N. In spite of some of the scurrilous and scandalous remarks that
have been made about him by former co-workers. I don't want to mention any names. Although one is
standing very close to this studio right at the moment. I'm not mentioning any names.
One just disappeared very rapidly from the news booth.
So you see, it's another's a very good lesson to be learned in all of this. Don't be
unduly influenced by sore losers. You know, I mean, if there are people out there have an
extra grind with you, Rick. That's their problem. I don't know you. I haven't met you. I do think
you reduced back on the air, but that has nothing to do with the Nazi party or any of this other
scandalous stuff that's been said. And I fully and totally retract those scandalous scurrilous
remarks. They were defamatory, disgusting, and temperate, and I'm sorry. And if we had
brendily in our collection, I guarantee you I would play I'm sorry by brendily for the rest of the
hour. I have no idea how to apologize sufficiently to Rick Shaw aka James Hummel. I mean, next time give
me the right name. Would you please, if you're going to give me some name? You are just a fountain
of misinformation. In fact, I think most of the problem can be traced back to Glenn Hill,
who is a fountain of scurrilous and scandalous misinformation, who is a spier of untruths,
who is a radio hatchet man, who uses his position at W.I.N.C. now to take out his personal
rights with former employees and co-workers. And of course, that's Legion legendary on virtually
every radio station in this market and even in Sarasota. We have certified mail coming in next
hour from Sarasota. Try to get Glenn to retract some of the scurrilous and disgusting remarks he's
made about Marshall Moore and Johnny Dark. And they will be, we'll be reading those live on the
in the next hour. Anyway, this guy sends the envelope and it comes back
address unknown. Okay, he's addressed the envelope. Okay, to get the picture of Pat Boone in the box,
he's addressed the envelope. It's the wrong address. I mean, talk about a douchebag. I take it back.
Rick Shaw isn't even a league with some of these people. Okay, you're okay, Rick. You really are.
But cut out that phony broke. Will you please? And those four-minute talk-ups. He's the only guy I
ever heard in my face going to be a celebrity caller who will accept hopefully Glenn's apology.
Already apology? Well, that wasn't good enough. I'm not going to do anymore. Where is she?
Do you really want to talk to her? Yeah, if Kyle puts her on the air, let's put her on right away.
If she'll speak to us.
Drew, I've heard that Glenn actually apologized for yesterday.
And you're going to accept that weak apology? Well, I haven't heard the apology yet. Now,
is this true? First, you have to confirm or deny it. I didn't hear it. Well, Glenn,
now, didn't we make nice nice one month ago? Well, let's not, well, wait a minute. Let's not get
into that. I don't want to hear about making nice nice. I thought all of our little differences
have been put aside. I don't even know what they were in the first place, obviously, with him leaving.
And us working together so long and so forth, he get caught up in the middle of all of that stuff.
But I thought we had all of that smoothed out. I mean, we made up every month, you know, on the
first leg. Glenn. It's true. Well, but do we have any differences now now? Tell the truth. No.
Okay. So what is it yesterday that you're announcing that I have pet names for my husband's private
parts? Doesn't everyone? I hope not. Is there any, are there any women in the audience who have
pet names for their husband's private parts? We should do a whole show out of that. Of course. I
think Stan should do that show. Yeah. That'll be on the hormone show this afternoon. Stan will do
that show this afternoon. All right. Well, like you're truly sorry. Oh, sure. All right. Well,
I apologize to him. Why? Did he hear about it? Of course. Oh, God. Are you kidding?
Everybody listen to this show. Don't you understand? The whole world is listening. He's not mad
that you made mention of this, Glenn. Why should he be? No, he's angry that you didn't get it right.
It's big harmon. That's why you need to apologize. Okay. Well, that's fair. I do apologize for that.
You're absolutely right, Irene. Okay. Now you stiff me on my mommy. Vice jacket. Where is that?
I'm looking for the big tanky net for the $100 check. That's coming. It's on the...
You're not going to stiff me here. No, it's on the way. Okay. Does it say big hermit on the jacket?
No. Okay. You know, we don't need a name necessarily, but...
Well, I'm sorry. I got that wrong. Yeah. We're getting a lot of misinformation in here.
It does have a picture of the hermit on the back of it, the jacket. Oh, that's right. It's a full
on the back. Yeah. Right. Okay. All right. All right. So we're all squirt away on that,
but I'm going to off the air now. We'll have to get you together with Jeff. Okay.
Well, I don't want to hear about that. Wait a minute. Wait. I don't want to talk about that.
I'm staying made to show. This isn't the hormone show. Okay.
Phil and I wanted to tell you the best thing about my new hours.
Thank heaven. They don't interfere with listening to you.
Now, he's sitting here with a very skeptical look on his face. Glenn doesn't believe you
listen to the show. Oh, how absurd. Yesterday, right before I went on the air, you know,
I'm running around doing errands, getting in and out of the car, I'm going to have to get some of
these stupid headphones that don't have wires connected to them. But I get in the car and hear
you talking about you're going to get a gift certificate for a tattoo that says Herman for my husband,
and I'm thinking, are they talking about? And I had missed the runner. No, it's going to say
big Herman, the tattoo. Big Herman, right. I'm sorry. See, here I am. You
ought to see where you have to put it though. Forget it. No tattoos. No tattoos.
Okay, you guys. So we're squared away.
Don't look at me, Irene. I just, I'm an innocent bystander in all of this.
Okay. It's this chronic troublemaker, this radio misfit that's causing all of these problems.
Well, if it's truly okay, I'm going to come and give Glenn a good thrashing.
And if it's not okay, I won't. Well, we're going to take a quick vote on that. Every,
every hand in the building gives you permission. Everybody wants you to do that.
Glenn, I've got some new BB pictures for you. This sounds like it might be a pleasant encounter.
Yeah. Bring the whip, the chain, and the BB Kate's pictures, and the glen will be in his glory.
Okay, Glenn. Give a call when you can. Okay. Say hi to Tweety Bird for me or Big Herman, whatever it is.
Okay, Irene. There she goes. Pretty, uh, pretty pleasant call.
Yeah. You know, considering now when Rick Shaw calls in a couple of minutes, what are you laughing
about? Ricky Tiki might call in here. He's got a good sense of humor. He does. Well, maybe
can call up and do some record intros for him. Exactly. He can do a talk up to our next break.
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo. Hostar Nile. Hoo-hoo-hoo. The beaters.
Sunrise. Sunrise.
Hollywood
Eddie Murphy back
But it's no good
Every little cop
Made a Zillion bucks
But the Christmas day
Got the people
Hope they even go
Hey what are you talking about? I'm a business man
You understand? I'm a businessman
I don't have to be funny. I just make you money
Eddie Murphy
Eddie Murphy
Hold up the key
Don't die with nothing more than Eddie Murphy
Eddie Murphy
You're just making money
And you must have money
Take you up a dime
It's a hit is gone
I'm laughing all the way to the back
Give me another million
I think I bought five cars today
Beverly Hills, Cops, OO
It's a big tree
You
What do you think I am? I'm not jumping, Jamie
I'm Eddie Murphy, I'm a superstar
And I'm a businessman
That's why I'm a millionaire
Here we have this just in from the Wins news department
Why is L. Vice Presidente just arrived
And the county manager greeted him at Miami International Airport
He was there, I have to go shopping downtown for my motor
She needs some tortillas and chili pepper
Can you believe this douchebag bush
She comes in here on taxpayer expense this trip
Allegedly, you know, to participate
And the ceremony with the names
And so on and so forth at the streets
And it's nothing more than another political pandering trip
That's all it is and we're paying for it
The one thing I wonder about though
Why is everybody so angry today?
Everybody's angry, they're all bad
They're all worked up
And we're frenzy today, what the hell happened?
Was it the Bernard Gets verdict?
Did that get everybody whipped up into a frenzy?
Has that kind of given us the green light?
Has Don Stoner would say?
To let out all our frustrations?
And now, a continuous neo-Rodges music sweep
One song in a rush
Three minutes of continuous music
A 94 W.I.N.C.A.
Music
Well, I was driving down 95 the other night
And somebody nearly cut me right off the road
I decided wasn't gonna do any good to get mad
So I wrote a song about him instead
And it goes like this
Where he mornin' asshole
Or did you work it in your whole life?
Either way, it worked out fine
Cause you're an asshole tonight
Yes, you're an A, that's that's actually
And don't you try to blame it on me
You deserve all the credit
You're an asshole tonight
You were an asshole yesterday
You're an asshole tonight
I've got a feeling
You'll be an asshole the rest of your life
Music
Music
And I was talking to your mother
Just the other night
I told her I parked you an asshole
She said yes, I think you're right
Music
And all your friends are asshole
Cause you know that you're whole life
And somebody told me
You've got an asshole for life
Where he mornin' asshole
Or did you work it in your whole life?
Either way, it worked out fine
Cause you're an asshole tonight
Okay, that's an honor of the
El Vice Presidente's visit to South Florida last night
For all the people that were backed up at 630 in traffic last night
We want to send that out
Now there's nothing wrong with that record
Is there anything wrong with that?
Of course not, open his mic for just a minute
Get your wife
He's timing you again
No, you want to send that out to all the people
The bureaucrats at Cox Broadcasting
Because we're dedicating our entire show today to them
I mean forget about El Vice Presidente
He's small potatoes compared to all those wonderful bureaucrats
At Cox Broadcasting, man, they are really something
Wonderful folks to work for, right?
Skip and Jim?
Skip Herman and Jim McBean are scheduled to be the guests on the stand major show today
And by the way, stand your taste in music is just terminal
I mean that Elvis cut yesterday?
Get rid of it
Get serious
Himmungus, grotesque
nauseated, it was the worst racket I've ever...it was just noise
You're speechless
You're right
Okay, let's find out. Let's see if anybody in the audience enjoyed the record that we played
That's number three already on the wins head parade
Is it really?
And let's see if there are people in the audience especially those who are frustrated of driving on i95
Who enjoyed that record to do something for you
Did it get a little of your frustrations out of your system?
Look at that. There they go
Record breaker. I think we just did it in three seconds
Continuous meal, Roger's commercial suite, three commercials in a row, without music, or phone call
Interruption, a 94-WI-NC
Well I like that
Great point. We ever get three c-
Like they are
And I'm gonna tell you something. It is unbelievable
Okay, are you ready? Are you standing up?
Or are you sitting down?
I want to make sure Bill Caltor's awake. Should we call him and wake him up?
Sure. Think so. Okay, wait a minute
Yeah, I want to make sure that he's awake to hear this
Anything to bother the guy, you know
I'm just kidding
Yeah, all you got to do is talk that bothers a lot
That's right. That bothers everybody
Let me talk to him
No, I don't want you spreading ugly rumors
Hello? Are you asleep?
Okay, turn on W-I-N-Z right now
Okay, okay
No
Poor Caltor, he's getting all that he got to call yesterday, it 10 to 4 at his house saying turn on I-O-D right now turn on the radio
That's right. I heard it so
And now he gets his call from me saying turn on I-N-Z immediately
Mm-hmm. If not sooner
Do we have that worst alert alarm just by itself?
No, I wish we did. That would be great
The new lineup at the wonderful Isle of dementia
I want you to give it
Michael in the morning and with with Ms. Peyton
Right, you know
Micronary with Ms. Litigation
Yeah in the morning 10 to 2
10 to 2
Are you standing up or sitting down?
Ladies and gentlemen of the listing audience
His first name is John
Bob, Bob
Very good, Glenn
That's no this guy
Count on Glenn to give you the straight poop
Text
McQueen
McQueen from Tendertu who had never done a talk show in his life they found him in a 7-11 store in Austin, Texas
About two months ago brought him into do overnight on the weekend his first guest was Bob Kunst his R-E-G-O
And he's going to be doing now
This is only a rumor. Yeah, I want to get my can't that he too upset
But it's only a rumor that the text McQueen is going to be doing Tendertu
You got that great accent
Yeah, he'll be real good in this town
You can do get some of those kiss list news over at I-O-D
And uh, oh I'm telling you I just can't believe it man with stiff competition like that I may have to go to another market
You know like Windixer or something
I mean talk about stiff competition right?
And then of course uh, hold what's his name back here major is going to have to go up against Michael Desisto
What do you have to do to look like in all those wrestlers
In all those professional wrestlers
Oh, Steve O two to six
Yep, and of course what can we say that hasn't been said then after about 40 hours of sports talk
Carter will come on and have to put all the pieces together good luck to you Bill
They need him they need him desperately
Oh, you better believe it. I hope he stays
Boy do they need him. Yeah
Yeah, no idea. Oh
Text McQuig
I'm going to play for the Montreal Royals in the old internationally
With Tom LaSorta
He may have
Text McQuig
Are you sure? Yeah
Okay, well listen Mike it's been nice knowing you and Bob Rich of course
So we certainly wish him the best of luck
He wears nice three-piece suits and never met a you know never met a broadcaster he didn't like
And never told a story that was untrue
Look at that 2.3 for GTR and that was with Herman and McQueen on the year
Can you imagine what it's going to be now that they're bringing in a short order cooks from the
Restaurants down on 79th Street
Unbelievable
It's incredible. What's happening in this market folks?
Is it unraveling? Yeah, it's coming apart at the seams
Yeah
I'm speechless. It's too
I may have to just sit here and breathe hard for the next hour
Text McQuig
Oh boy
You know it would be great if they could get Brian Norcross to do the weather on his show
Well, what do you think about that Brian? Well, I think the weather will be really good on the 79th Street Cosby today
Well, that's good partner and now let's talk to Bob Coons
Hey Bob, what do you think about AIDS? Bob? Oh boy
Oh man, oh man
I heard that Rick Weaver is in such a series taking a shower right now
Oh, yeah, you're making that up
And that's big news ladies and gentlemen
You're making that up
That's not going to bring Hank Goldberg back to town
Rick Weaver taking a shower, you're making wild out of it
Wow, we're getting carried away
Yeah, you went too far
Maybe the story was he went to the coast, he wasn't using it
I think maybe
Oh boy, I can't believe this
Text McQuig? Oh boy
He could do some of those bullwinkle spots
He could be JJ Moose
Maybe Mike McKase looking for work, the two of them could do it to a man's show
Oh god, I can't believe this
Can this really be happening in this market?
This isn't a market, this is like
What is that? The note handed
Yeah, right, Texas first guest will be a beef jerky
Or a lady jerky from Calder, one or the other
Old text going to be doing a remote from you, told him the first day
Hey, let's do one from over here by the jar, pickled eggs
He wants to go back where they found him, you know
That label, where he was discovered
Now let's examine the lineup, okay
Because we've got Ron, Ron Sacks
I can't, now they all sound alike
Didn't I tell you that there was a trend
I always pick up on these things first
I told you about a month ago on this show
There was a new trend developing in talk radio in South Florida
And the sound had to be, in fact, when Brian Norcross gets his own show, then you'll know
We've gone full-site
Everybody has to sound kind of like this
If they have a whiny scratchy voice
And maybe we started there with Daffy
Yeah, maybe
I got an idea, maybe Daffy could go to work with Bill Tanner on that scratch station
Scratch talk
And they could hire Glenn Hill to be your sidekick
They call laughin' and scratchin'
We get an 80 share
Adios
Adios
Boy, I can't believe this
I'm coming unglued here
Boy, it's a good thing I'm going to the eye doctor
So I can see straight after this show
Man, I'm talking about your coccyte
Pardon the expression
I just, I can't believe it
Let's think about coccyte for a moment
Yeah, let's look at that picture of the fish over there
Whatever that, that's, I just can't handle this folks
Can this really be happening for real or what?
What?
Boy, Tex McQueen
Oh, boy
Mike Anthony, the assassin strikes again ladies and gentlemen
And Sandy, by the way, has been gagged
Yeah
Yes, she wasn't talking about it
She's talking about that picture over there
That's a picture of it, right there
She won't talk about it
I'm just talking about that
You can see it's a good thing we didn't describe the picture
It's a good thing we didn't describe the picture
It's a good thing we didn't describe the picture
It's a good thing we didn't describe the picture
Wait till you see this picture
I think that's a dolphin, isn't it
Yeah, it looks like Jim Manditch is a matter of fact
Anyway
It's not she and her attorneys of course
So all on the QT you know she not allowed to give any more of the truth
Maybe a few little lies or something like that but no more the truth on the earth
You know dream so if there is anybody in the market that wants to know what's really going on
They can tune over right here at 940 on their AM dial. That's right as they say in a sunset in a 79
W.I.N. Z. Right. We got a letter addressed to that exactly
But I was probably from Bill Kelly
You're right. Oh boy
Okay, now if you'd like to cancel the Harold here are the numbers in Dave County
In Dave County 350
2000 getting close to Father's Day and in Broward 462 3000
I think Glen Hill
I think a lot of you may get your wish in this hour
I think he may just gurgle off into like a little puddle of gurgle at the bottom of the table here by the end of the hour
He's just cackling and girling and bubbling like ET you know and they go down the drain
And he's like we've been talking about how can you get that?
Incredible. How could I possibly not what's the guy's last name?
McQueen McQueen McQueen or maybe it's McQueen maybe it's Joe McQueen from the weekly news. Do you think that's possible?
No, maybe he has a Texas accent with a list
Hey there good buddy. Oh
My god, let's go down hang out at seven eleven. Oh
Oh boy, I can't believe it. I do hear he's doing the first show side-saddle so I don't know what that means
Okay, one seven that's gonna be a steam song Jean-Octree's back in the saddle again
One seventeen and W.I.N. Z. Let's do a desperately needed time out and we'll come right back
Not it's rock music's hottest stuff in a new morning
Okay, like can you help me out here? Should I like shave my armpits? Why?
It's much better here
How about a mohawk?
The show that takes the most talked about issues of the day and ignores them. Okay, so like on today's show
We got this gay priest a transvestite teacher and a bisexual cop
So guys, hey, do you think I could fit a Grammy in my belly button?
It's flashy. It's trashy. It's Madonna you the talk show with only one topic me
So what do you think should I wear the crucifix in my ear or like take my stockings off and tie and run my hair?
Madonna you
He's desperately seeking attention. Come on guys help me out
Okay, 108 at W.I.Ciles checking his watch checking the he's got one of those not second-hand but like hundreds of a second
Now we want you to understand that we're not putting this creature on the ear here to
participate in the show
But he just is bringing more
News we're trying to recapture his old rule on gloves 94 gossip editor
Whatever it was that they called him
Yeah
gossip editor, okay, let's set this up now
Okay, that was taped at
441 yesterday at a very important meeting at WNWS
We always like to report on these important radio meetings exactly we gave you first the new lineup of WS news before it happened
Yeah, we gave you the departure of Mike Miller before it happened on the air
We told you that Sandy was in limbo and litigation all came to limbo rock with Mike Anthony
It's an amazing how it all came true is it yeah
We're just hallucinating here, but our hallucinations seem to come true
They denied it and denied it and denied it and sooner or later it happened bingo
La Bamba as Richie valence would have said
You could be here to sing to us today
Maybe we could get the Shirley McLean to get Richie valence to sing a little later in the show
And the big bopper to do a little chantilly lace for Mike Thompson. Yeah, okay
So anyway, they had this very major meeting over at WS news
And the consultants were there and all the other gonsum offers are the big shots
Dennis Collins the big guy and we follow her calls him the big guy. Mm-hmm
That's so big. I've seen it and
What else well you heard the show that Alice did a couple of weeks ago where he was complaining about Mike
Thompson, you know was was advocating that
Genocide yeah, that AIDS victims should have a tattoo
William F Buckley let's fry a routine put an A on their arm or something. Yeah, and this really upset
Maybe we ought to put an A on one of Mike Thompson's arms and an H on the other arm because certainly those are the two appropriate initials
That's an interesting a H could be
Yes on one arm and hold on the other or could be eight off on one arm and who knows what it might be on the other arm
Right him just a coincidence it might be hummel
And thought about that now you haven't thought about that anyway, you know
You you heard the show and I heard the show and I feel like writing
Where Al was very upset that Mike
advocated this and and Al called him a Nazi on the air many times, right?
So
Mike is very upset that Al did that and he
burst in
Okay up into the meeting kind of like a German Shepherd and he
Yeah, German Shepherd yes, and they were screaming at each other about this
You know, that's what I hear so I don't know Al course was talking about this on the area yesterday
So this is no secret. Yeah, they're fighting cats and dogs if you pardon that expression. Yeah, who's a nail? Yeah
And as a matter of fact Mike didn't know it but our winds news team never to be out done had a little hidden microphone in that meeting
Yeah, huh and when Mike burst in in the middle of that meeting we have some of his intemperate remarks I
How many cost of this same mark?
Have you nothing else from the same sort?
So
So there's just a little recording from yesterday's big powwow or
Bowwow is the case maybe over at the W snooze man
I'm telling you this market is just to go in a hell and a hand basket isn't it? Okay?
Really? Okay, shut us mic off immediately
Okay, we're almost at the end of this hour. Let's get a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello
ASE
have
Are you
bromine
political守
