I would have needed was Donald here today and I would have just gone nuts.
Now don't say his, that he gets, don't you understand he gets sexual is illiterate.
You will.
He gets sexual illiterate.
I know that very well with that but he gets sexual excitement whenever you say his name
and well good.
Well no I don't think he's using that.
No I don't think he's using it.
I mean I'm not getting any of it as well give some of the time of the year.
Okay we've got guys and underwear we're going to be talking about today and all kinds
of exciting things.
Now by the way before I get to my good friends at American cable and the cable implantation
by the way is still out or at least as of 845 this morning it was still out.
No.
And it went out yesterday.
See every time a pigeon drops something and plantation American cable can't cope with
it.
Now one day last week the sun was shining there wasn't a cloud in the sky and the cable
went out for hours.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yesterday there were some thunderstorms in the area and I guess you said in Kendall a
rain hard for two hours.
I'll know 20 minutes by me at the most 20 minutes and the cable went out yesterday
sometime between go I don't know two and four o'clock I guess and it's been out ever
since.
No mine never went out and these pansies up there and plantation will they complain about
of course they can never get through anyway.
You never get through you get a recording and a recording says we're having an outage
in the plantation area we're working on it now and it'll be repaired sometime in your
lifetime.
I'm serious and then you know the interesting part of it is they never deducted from your
bill.
I mean it's like going to be a whole day now.
So a 30th of the bill like a buck or so ought to be or whatever it is 80 cents deducted
from everybody's bill never they don't do that.
If American cable took all the downtime and deducted it from your bill every month they'd
be sending you a check they would owe you money.
That's how bad it is.
I mean I've tried to be nice and I've tried not to say too much because it sounds like
sour grapes but when you're paying like 48 bucks a month or whatever I pay you know
with three premium channels.
Yeah four I'm sorry.
I don't know.
Yeah you'd expect at least the set would be on and they're doing you such a wonderful
service because in all these buildings now they don't put any antenna system in their
own and because they've got the cable they're all wired for cable.
So you've got no choice when the cable goes out what do you do you put on old types of
racing from Yonkers.
I'm tired of seeing Spencer Ross already okay I was watching Spencer Ross to 130 in
a morning this morning.
I'm sick and tired of seeing him.
That's the only thing you can do.
Old tapes.
Oh movies or something you know home shopping.
Home worries.
Not home shopping network even nothing.
Zero those.
No one you're upset.
Looks like you're in Fairbanks Alaska lots of snow.
Twenty four hours with no home shopping.
Yeah.
No wonder.
Well now I understand.
A lot of those lesbian women on the audience must be having an nervous breakdown.
By the way did Mike Spindell do it again yesterday?
Did he dazzle the audience one more time just when we think he's run out of steam and
is going to hand in his letter.
He just does it again yesterday in the 11 o'clock hour you'll never guess what Mike
did yesterday.
You'll never guess I give you 400 guess and you still won't guess sexual fantasy.
Would I ever it and Dan Slade and they couldn't buy calls for a million dollars a call.
No they just have three or four.
One of them was Ed Berliner in mobile phone.
Okay.
Now I was going to call in suggest that Ed should be driving his mobile phone on the freeways
in LA.
No he's okay but nobody knows who Ed Berliner is.
Of course sports guy on channel.
But he's a little bit.
Probably the only person who does.
Yeah.
I mean quick calling us Ed will you please we don't like you don't you understand.
Anyway and then of course it noon Mike redeemed himself.
I want to tell us about that catch show he wants you to book next month September is
National Cat Month and wouldn't you know that our little W I N Z token silly person has
already arranged to book a catch show in September.
Maybe Dr. Jan Bellows would be good.
We'll invite noodles.
Yeah we could have noodles here and Donald.
No not dog.
Yeah right here in the studio that's noodles.
Yeah we could have him right in the studio.
But anyway he redeemed himself and no I was talking last week about fasting.
Yeah you fasted for what he had he did he had a doctor.
Hey it was an ice guy but very extreme.
I mean they didn't talk about fast.
Yes they did why fasting is dangerous.
Did you learn anything the reason it was dangerous is because I suggested it say that they
didn't say that.
But you should have heard the calls I heard just a few minutes of it and I was just
in heaven.
How loud that I haven't had a VM in five years.
They don't float or sink.
It was great it's just what we want here at W I N Z those 99 year old living dead.
I forgot about the float and sink lady we should have her by yeah just for you know 15
minutes or so.
Bring her in today I'm ready I'm leaving any minute.
I'm telling you I'm not not well I shouldn't be here today do they float or you were say
you were pretending to be sick and you're out for days.
You're out for days.
I was really pretending and the audience was delighted.
Okay let's see all those people in the audience who are upset that the bird is back today.
Let's see a quick show on the phone.
They're going to knock the phones just about we might we might blow the whole phone
and then we'll be in real trouble and not like that.
Not not not.
Well I was one that was lit already maybe four oh there they go that took about eight
seconds I knew they would yeah you knew they'd be there.
I thought you'd like to talk to these people you hate the bird okay.
Hello nobody's a Donald get out of here.
Tell them so the lady.
