Oh, we're sorry. You must first take off your pants and squeal like a pig before dialing this number.
Please hang up and dial again. I said, please hang up and dial again. Please hang up and dial again. Now, you're being bad. Please hang up and dial again.
I'm just obsessed. You know me. You know how I get into these things. We're probably wouldn't even be hearing joy again after that. I'm just obsessed with that piece. I don't think it's going to take a place at joy. You don't think so? Okay. Let's take one from date. Hello.
Yes. Good morning, Mr. Rogers. Please. Yes, speaking. How are you? I have to say that I've never had the opportunity of listening to you on the AM before, but my husband has. Yes. And says that we come home in the evenings. Say, boy, you should have heard what Neil Rogers said today.
And so I have been a Zeta listener for as long as I can remember. Right. And when they told us that Neil Rogers is going to come on, I was so anxious. I could not wait. Are you still anxious? Well, not really. I have to say that I was kind of disappointed.
And I turned the station to another station. Unfortunately, I'm now listening to another radio station. What's what? I turned Zeta back on. What's what are you listening to right now?
I need motivational music in the morning. Oh, good. I get up at six and work till noon. So I need some of that motivated stuff. Yeah, this sounds like that. Other ladies says we've got to hear music in the morning.
Yes, but I'm going to say that this morning when I turned you on and I heard the Spanish. Yeah, it's really got me cracked up. Now I'm back to listening to you and you are very good.
Another one. We weren't getting asked today. I just can't wait to turn on later for a week. Isn't that something?
Boy, circle right there. A captain Dave takes all the credit for that. I said Captain Dave gets all the credit for that. I really do enjoy.
Sure beats those others. Really great. Wow. Thank you so much. You all have a good day. You all have one too.
Oh, boy, fickle or what? We stuck yesterday, but they were great. Yeah. What are we doing different today?
Estosio and. Oh, yeah. True. 10 minutes after eight. And let's take another call here from Rowered County. Good morning. Hello, Neil. Hello. Jack Nick was on here. Jack Jack.
I've been the catch my movie last night. Little bits and pieces, Jack. Little bits and pieces. Yeah, like the one they left on the floor. The pieces of nurse ranch in right.
Yeah, used to be right. How's the chief doing? The chief. They're pretty good. They're there next to me. He's not talking. You know, one of the best scenes in a movie is whether getting ready to go in for shock therapy.
No, not yet. Don't knock it to you. Try it. You have. Absolutely. Look at that. He just puts a head. It's on his phone five this morning. Seriously, they're sitting outside the room and he offers him a piece of gum. Yeah. And the chief says, thank you. Thank you. Yeah. And he looks at him. My new movie. Oh, yeah, that's great. My favorite, Jack.
My wife's working. I'm out looking for. I mean, I have a fact I did find a few good parents. I bet you did. Yeah.
Well, listen, Jack, it's great here from here. And it's too bad they had to clean up your act last night. But you know, one of these days it'll be back on the cable. We can all look good words.
Neil, can I ask you one little favor? What's that, Jack? I'd love to hear that piece of commercial with you and Glenn. Oh, that may be coming. That may be coming up. It's the only commercial in the history of radio that gets requests.
Oh, when you're good, you know, you can say that again. Okay, Jack. We'll see you around the range. You too. That's true. Well, you'll never guess who's online one now. Oh, this is going to get Eric very upset. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes. Deep throat. Yeah, see what I said. Very upset. If I went through all the dials, I finally found you. Okay. I hope you got some good material today.
Throat. I said, I hope your material has improved since last week. Just said that. Yeah. Let me say it again. Listen, you guys sound great today. It's back to the normal, the normal show. The first couple days.
Like I think when thought he was Roger or ski playing with you know, for him against the Eagles, you know, I kind of have them. Yeah, now everyone seems to calm down. The pregnant pauses of what makes your show don't listen to anybody else about the morning drive while he does look a little.
He does look a little like a scam, but that's another story. Yeah. I just wanted to tell. Um, lead you left. He's unfamiliar with Jeff Striker. The difference between Jeff Striker and other men is most men carry a condom in their wallet.
Jeff carries a wallet in his condom. You guys really do sound good. And I'm listening. I'm up at six o'clock. Your line goes off. I wake up to you except for the six seconds the other day when no one had a mic on. Yeah, let me ask you this question. Are we narrow or wide on your radio?
Well, uh, it depends on which way I face the radio. Yeah. Good thinking away from me. You're narrow. Okay. You sound great. Really? Thank you. Bye bye. Take care of yourself. Well, he was on his best behavior now. I'm to thank you. He was good.
Good time for the good time for the good time for the great. Rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate.
Trying for the great rate rate. Good time for the good time for the great rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate.
All right. We were unfair to our AM colleagues. By the way, even though they could scare the crap out of the whole time,
we were unfair last couple of days. And we've been picking on poor Arlene Ross, who is a superstar in her own mind.
and you know today is the third day just like he just said about this show the first couple of days
It's gonna be a little rocky and not that comfortable you try to figure out what the hell's wrong with all this damn ancient equipment in here
Of course and now we figured it out and we're used to it right?
It doesn't any better but we're used to it so we figured that this morning I came in early and I taped a little bit right at
530 of Arlene's newscast with Mike Wolf and I thought we'd give him another chance right good to redeem themselves
Okay, we'll try one more
and I was when
Terry
Right now the program director is having a heavy
Okay, so the fourth day is a charm trust me
Oh
815 on Zeta 4 and you know what can I say they're just having a good time up there. We're having a good time back here right sure
That's why Gary's here at 8 o'clock in the morning. I
New there had to be a reason. I think those people were from an employment service. Yeah, by the way
Some of those illegal aliens who came in you notice there's more stuff going out of the building
The carpeting is coming in the fronter. It's like a diversion in the back door. There's like equipment going out and all kinds of good stuff
Okay, let's take another call here from
Bulk by the way is open in case you get a fast busy. That's the way we had no mobile colors again today
You know what I don't want Max to get upset because I know he's hovering in there
But we are gonna have to replace these lines aren't we are we gonna have to get some real thought you know
It's just you know you can prolong it as long as you like like another couple of days till we walk down
But sooner or later you're gonna have to get some real numbers and some real lines and like what do we got one two like couple extra lines on it right
Stan warned you about the 550 exchange
Well, we haven't had any problem in Dayton Brown that's because there are enough people calling from enough different places
Mm-hmm. Oh, he's listening on delay. Well
I'll tell you what we'll start listening on delay is that confusing to you
I'll be honest with you that's better
It's a little confusing at first are you are you can you keep up with?
Okay, how's that?
I
Went into a time war I enjoyed that you can't you can't relate to that in other words
You can't you can't walk and chew gum at the same time
You're gonna do that again. Just one more time you see if you if you just keep going and you don't pay any attention that you can
Hear how good you sound now now you're back to this oh boy. I like that my head
You can't do that to me. Okay, let's take I'm just getting even Broward County good morning. Welcome to Zeta
Okay, here's not see there a few of these people who actually are a am listeners and know what the hell we're talking about that's great
A certain number of
No, no, no, it's matter of fact if you don't like the music we will delete the one from this hour
Because it's a heart and who will you run doing it? You know we can live without that
Yeah, I'm sort of I think it's ridiculous after all your talks
Why would they make if someone wants to listen to me? No, wait a minute. They're not making me play it
But don't you know that on the A and show last several months we've been played a little music in there
Yeah, well fun song. No, we also played every now and then something serious sure
Come on, I just thought they were making you do it. No, they don't make me do anything. Okay, that's good
Well anyway, I'm glad to have you early in the morning when I go to work and you'd be leaving now
But you are happy though, right? Yeah, yeah, we don't we don't sound narrow on the radio and it's not buzzing and you don't have any problems, right?
Excellent our kind of caller. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. It's 818 on Zeta only a minute ago
It seemed like it was 817. It will take one from date County next good morning
Good morning. Neil. Hey, how are you? Okay?
I was wondering that Jeff strike as long as that
Vellabona record or that
So yeah, CD on she D
No, actually it's from the soundtrack of bigger than life, which I think is on channel six tonight
33. Yeah, one of those
Okay, yeah, I was interested in buying it like it's fine. I bet you are
What's the name Lee sounds pretty good at least he puts his up the show a little bit. Yeah, that's why he's here, you know
Viewer discretion is it
Yeah
Let's do for a long time man. How come we let that go did you notice we just
That's all right FM. It's okay. Is that it?
Okay, thanks a lot. Okay, don't ever say that disgusting word again
That would have been dumped on a bird wouldn't it? No, you wouldn't have done it on a my show. Okay. All right. Just curious
What do you say
I missed it. Oh, you see he didn't hear what he said. I heard I'll tell you later
Right it down
Can you spell it glad?
Oh, I see
So it's what I heard
Like listening
See we're listening like
After
I know I like this life goes that for a second. Does that aggravate you well? I go back in life
I aggravates you I'm gonna keep doing it. Well, I tell you I love it anything we can do to make your life worth a dime or less
Is good with me. Okay, let's get serious now. Let's put you up a little bit
Oh those levels I love it. I wanted to wake Lee up a little bit. Okay, cleared my sinuses. Yeah, my wax is all out of my ears now
I appreciate that oh
Oh, no, this is not better watch it or I'm gonna put you back on delay
You'll be sorry what a threat. Yeah
Hey get those headlamps. Is this this work or does because I don't recall any other than the call we made a max to wake him up yesterday
No, it's busy fast busy not a fast busy
I think that was a slow busy medium
Oh
One more try it's worth it. Come on. Hey, well, you know what? Probably we'll work if I down a right number
Well, you know, it's worth a try worth a try
This is one of these 976 numbers. No 900
Well, see that's where you're supposed to put your lungs since access code in when it makes that noise
See he
Ha ha ha
We're into your dialing instructions or ask your in-house operator first assistant. This is a recording
7104
Yeah, same to you
Those numbers at the best game today
Wait a minute look at that J has got is that a lot a lemon jacket that he's wearing? Yes
You can tell he's been in the Florida too long can't you? We're in a lemon jacket
But you like when you go into shopping while you see these old guys wearing the lime green pants and your lemon jacket
Oh boy, it's really something and it of course the blue cap that's part of you in a forum. Oh, yeah
The little blue cap like Jimmy Hummel with his green cap
So you see what I mean max give rid of these folks we can't dial out we can't have any fun in here. We can't do a damn thing, you know
I mean, that's so great. He's got a new clock. He fixed a pot here. What was it and put music on hold?
It steps in the right direction. Yeah, but we need more a lot more like to be able to hear ourselves
You know or like maybe just
It's better. I'm telling you if we could hear ourselves sounding like that
Prede-lay. Yeah, imagine how good the show could be. This sounds great when we hear the delay doesn't it?
Is it just our match now? Listen to it like that or I could just leave dead air but I
Yeah, it really sounds fantastic. Oh god
And it's not narrow either in here. It's wide. It's like spacious
Plains and whatever whatever. Yeah, okay
27 past eight on Zeta 4 our number is 550 down
Sorry 550 9490
Just in case and the book of line is available just in case you don't get a fast busy
And if you're on a mobile phone don't even try it because you're gonna get a fast busy, okay? Just a little advice
Broward good morning. Good morning. How you doing great. How what's up? Oh?
I'm doing fine. Listen a couple of things here real quick
One I have to agree with a guy that says it's sort of crazy trying to listen to the delay and the other because I've been doing that now for five minutes
That I've been on hold and it is a little nut. Yeah, the other kneel is I'm generally a music person on the FM dial and all that
And I just have enjoyed the show a little more than I expected
Let me throw one idea at you if you want to sort of combine
Your style with putting out a little music go for the songs that are sort of
Messages or whatever along the way like XTC maybe I don't know just crazy things
Harry Nielsen son of schmielsen's got a couple of three you can pull off of there that I'm sure haven't gotten my care play anywhere
And just a little like I say political songs or whatever the ones with it with more messages and music now
And just how to culture as they say in the winds caffit terria
countercoach
And I asked one quick question go ahead just out of career. You offered you ask a lot of people there. I'm 34
You might tell me not how old you are me. Yeah, I'm 44
That's not that far off that. Yeah, I'm not that old. Not like Joey. Oh, god like 74. Yeah
I was just sort of curious because I've noticed that there's certain hard rock music that you do like and some that you don't
So I was just trying to figure out where the dividing line. No, no, I like good music. Okay, right? I understand now like
Some of these groups that are one meant to get Lee upset
But some of the groups are they just suck is the bottom line. Okay. I like most of the music we're playing
Oh, yeah, but like I said, I just there was a couple things you'd pan that I don't know if you were really serious about panning them or not like what like what
Oh, what was it? Zeppelin or something that you said no, I like Led Zeppelin. Okay, there was somebody
I forget who it was but someone that I thought was decent that when you said that was the last time
Maybe you get in play or whatever on your show
Pink Floyd. No, Pink Floyd's okay. It's just a joke with our program. Our program director is obsessed with Pink Floyd
In fact, we got we got money coming up in a couple of minutes by Pink Floyd
With the word it with the word yeah, but it's still a good song
What was the group that I was ripping last hour?
Steely, oh, yeah, steely denna they suck, okay?
Oh, you get a lot of people hot with that. Oh, that terrible. Oh, the worst
I was gonna enjoy your show. I have a very conservative friend that listens all day long to nothing but the talk shows
I told him that you were coming on. It was like oh, I like I said he's rather conservative and as soon as he told me you weren't his favorite
I figured you would be decent for me to listen. Yeah, what is he a Nazi?
No, no, no, he's just like I said he just rather conservative. He's very Republican. Oh, yeah, like I said
No, no, wait a minute before you write the letters not all Republicans are Nazis, okay? Most of them but not all
Yeah, and what's his favorite talk show host? I don't know who his favorite
We
I've always heard of a boy to talk show
Death got a camera one let's say
So you like steely denna?
Not so much that I'm not a favorite you know, I just that would look into their music. Yeah, yeah
Let me ask you about a record. I'm a man by Chicago
Never heard of it right?
Not by Chicago. No, see I told you I never heard of it either
Everybody here is like oh you're no either about music you ever you know, and I'm sure I've got it because I got all our albums
But it's an obscure cut. Yeah, and these people are always a big a. O. R. Head. It was a big E. O. R. Head end of the road, okay?
These people and these a O R station to think you got to play obscure cuts that nobody ever heard of before
And that's why they got like fractional shares of the audience because nobody understands the music
What are you laughing about it's true?
Of course, okay, I've got the album here
Yeah, sure play take 54. I mean, that's the heck you know, sure
That's if you can't come down that hard right after we play Frank Zappo, okay
No, I should I can go along with not liking Zappo
I used to like his music and all of that but I heard him do an interview on another station about 10 years ago
Yeah, and he has such a holier than thou attitude it really well. He is probably he is holier than we are
Yep, according to him. He is that's why his daughter's name is moon. Yeah, right?
Okay, well listen. I guess I should let you guys get back to it. Yeah, let's get back to the show, okay?
Yeah, right have a good one. Okay, and don't forget one thing. What's that? Steely Dan sucks, okay? Okay? Okay?
832 and say to four that probably got a lot of the music intensive listeners very upset
We are not music intensive on a show
We have no intention of being music intensive and we play a record when we feel like it, you know
This hour we're gonna skip it because that lady had a point. Mm-hmm. We play it when we feel like it, right? Exactly
Right, what's wrong with that? Right
If you want to hear tons of music turn on GTR, you know herman and McVeena got them out of the ocean somewhere
They were hanging out for a couple of months. They put them back on here and they said these guys suck
So don't let them say anything. You know play a lot of music. Well, they were correct
They were correct in both cases
So if you want to hear lots of music all on compact disc and that's another bunch of crap
Okay, I don't want Peter to get upset when you're listening to your radio
I've got a great stereo in my car and I got a good stereo in the house
I don't care whether it's on CD whether it's off a record and Edison cylinder a cassette a cartridge if it sounds good
You can't tell like that crap we played by the stones last hour came others a little helper
That sounded like it was coming off of a waxed Edison cylinder and it was on a compact disc
Big deal, right? I'm on impressed
Are you impressed? No
Are you impressed? Absolutely not
No, it's no difference. It really isn't after it goes through all the processing and all that it all sounds the same
Yeah on radio. Yeah, it's just shock
Radio
Can we do the radio highlights quickly before mr sports? No, let's save him for after mr sports
You always got to hold him a little something back. Okay. Okay. That's they're good today and in your case
Oh, you've got a little intro for mr
Dozeta for mr sports is brought to you by Carlsburg and Carlsburg light beer
St. Louis Cardinals in the San Francisco Giants will decide the National League pennant tonight when I meet at Bush Stadium in St. Louis
Now listen, I want you to listen the audience very carefully and in those of you who are calling in
You're gonna be on the spot. I want you to listen to a little music here
There's this on compact disc
cassette
The scratches is it the record? Is it off cartridge?
I'll play it with our
thumbnail
You
See, I'm just doing this as a demonstration. I still didn't want to step on it
Good record to Woodstock she she we're not playing good stuff like this, huh little to counter culture
Crossby stills an axe little to recognizable so when you call in
If you want to tell us if there was on CD a little more maybe here we go
Okay, that's enough. It's all you get no prizes by the way. They're not giving us anything big yet
Not yet, but boy any second you can't hear the um, yeah, I could hear it the RF
Is that early in the mic just shut up a minute event all right
Is that incredible or why yeah, yeah, why RF what a technical disaster this is isn't
pathetic well, I like RF do you good? Okay, let's go back to a brown County and say good morning good morning
I got one question. Yeah, what happens a morning radio? Oh
It's you don't even hear the mic you don't hear the music anymore. I like the old breakfast club on Zeta. Oh good
You're let's see what's his number two
You mean number two you're the second one. I like the old breakfast club on Zeta
Well, this is not a me this is not a music show sir. Can you understand that there are 8 million stations playing music intensive formats in a morning on FF
Because everybody's going to talk in the morning. Oh, yeah, right
There are most of the most of the stations now you can't even get 15 minutes of music mm-hmm
You you have a stereo sir. I do you have a cassette deck in your car. So what's the problem?
I'd load it up get some good stuff on it
So you know
Yeah, there was a lot of humor in that show right all that intentional. Yeah
Come on. Let's get serious will you please
You're not going to bring them back and other they're not going to bring them back sir
I hate to break the news to you. They're not coming back not tomorrow not a week from circus. They're not coming back
Well, yeah, this is one of the
Yes, slip into cassette and I hope it doesn't fall out you know
The morning's go off huh?
At 10 o'clock all the mornings go off
Yeah
Yeah, okay, I could handle
Coming to work right now. Oh boy. I mean this guy likes psychotic if we don't if we destroyed your life
Have we disrupted your whole life sir?
I mean you sound like you're having a good time. How long have you been calling in here this morning?
I've been on for about
10 minutes and I don't think I heard one song
We're not playing this is not a music show
Well, that's a m radio. This is that no. Oh, that's a m radio. See mr. stereo type. That's not a m radio
There's a there's a talk station in Philadelphia that doesn't play one record all week long and they've been doing it for seven years
And they've got big numbers
So you're like what you're like one of those management people you're locked into this neuro mentality
You think that fm is one thing only okay
And up until recently it was one thing only we can't say it on the air
You know we play music from 10 in the morning until six in the morning 20 hours a day on this radio
Isn't that enough for you to get your fix?
20 hours a day man
Quality rock and roll banging out the doors and cc
Of the stones and the doors and the stones and ccr 20 hours a day of that crap and pink Floyd and the hurricane Floyd
I mean you got no sense of humor you just want to hear the same bad but he bad but he bad
You know enough is enough already. I just knocked my headphones
Yeah, it was good. Bad but he bad but there we have
Hey, we finally got the equipment working
Okay, thanks a lot sir. Hi, okay
Good caller. He got listen to that. These sound good now
Happening bad. I better not push my lock
Always found out how to get this crap working in here. You just have to hit it in the right place
What the engineers do okay? Let's take another call because all the chronic collars and I'll come with their complaints 842
Unzeta 4 let's go to date County complaint department. Yeah. Yes. What's your beef?
Oh Mr. Codroyo. How are you?
We're the new today wonderful. I don't understand that you've been paid your blame
Really would you like us to translate it for you sir? Uh-huh, what in question or in doubt
You is about yeah
What do you want pal? Go ahead lay it play what?
Play that tape play this will you please? Unbelievable
Howard County hello
Hi, good
What what you upset about sir? What are you complaining about this morning? Must be upset of course not okay
About that month phone call you just had
Which one?
One just before me. Yeah, who's the music? Go with that old breakfast club burger
Oh, not that guy the other one what other one now the one that just just before me. Oh Joe Carroyo
Well, he knows speak it in English or no speak it in English. Oh, that's okay. What do you expect from day County? Yeah
Anyway, I know you're not a big fan of this person, but I did want to let you know that
Linda Thornton
Really good article about you this morning. What do you mean I'm not a big fan? I love Linda Thornton. She's a good friend
I know you know she
Doesn't like the right too many articles about you, but hey, you know she wrote a nice article on
How Zeta was uh
Was
Talent, you know how they made a good choice. Yeah, but how my how my ego better
Standling a five-year I'll tell you what if we get a five-year in the first book in the morning
We will kiss the walls and kiss Linda over every part of her body
Well, she also wrote a good piece on stand, too, you know, yeah, you know, Linda's okay
Yeah, she did pretty it also
I was to listen to yesterday. He said you want you know
Anybody that wanted to send in a tape. I was in the car. I didn't get a chance to write the address
Oh, am I glad you reminded me of this because we got like a uh crate load of tapes yesterday for the bird
He's very upset. So well, that's okay. Just put him back on his perch
Yeah, give him some work to do so if anybody else out there wants a cassette of some of Neil's greatest hits some of these wonderful
Little crazy things we play in the morning on the show just send us a blank cassette 90 minutes preferred
blank cassette with a stamped self-adreced large envelope to the bird
Caravan WX T WZTA
There are some x-rated pieces on it WZTA Miami 3 3 0 5 5. Okay
Did you get it WZTA Miami 3 3 0 5 5
Great, and that's to what the hell are the colliders of this station and that's to be bird to the bird
No problem. Yeah, I have yourself a great life and keep it up. Okay. Thanks a lot
It's soft by the la Amy Soda
Okay, now that's good, but not quite enough reverb on our camp today
How can we how can we can't have reverb in here? I like that. I would love reverb
Okay, does that is that good little feedback
Okay, let's continue the call just keep pouring in here. How long do you think this is going to go on like this
Like we don't even have to give the number out and we did by the way mentioned Linda Thornton and her wonderful column early in the morning
We can't do the whole show over again for you painting the ass people who sleep in late even red part of it
Yeah, we read some of it on the air where she talks about she hopes my ego can stand just a five-share or something like that
Come on Linda get with
Volka good morning
Hey, Buenos dias
I speak to Tomás Tomás. I look at a lot though. He be busy. Yeah, he be busy man. Oh, he be busy
Yeah, we got mutual expresso for you honey. Okay, dear good luck
It's great you're coming in wider today in bulk than any day this week great just wait till tomorrow. We'll cover the whole FM band tomorrow
Oh my god, okay
