Upside!
Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaca, and a chain of radio stations.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi, honey. How was your day?
Un...
Believable.
Terminal!
There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there.
Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease.
Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet?
But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald.
Oh, no, that's a cop out.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to L-Herald, sir.
Huh?
People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue-haired old bags from Fembroke Pines.
You know, the Yenfeds who say, oh, Neal, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around stealing sweet and low.
Can I get you anything?
How about those bad boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look.
In?
Credible.
Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic.
Please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night.
You know what that means.
Hey, you know what I got?
I'm not.
I'm not.
What's Lephaler got?
Three points, nothing.
Send your tax deductible contributions today in care of hot 105.
Terminal!
Un...
Believable.
Is it really?
No, wait.
108.
Well, listen, he waited two minutes today before he slinked in here, wasn't that good?
Well, let's see, who do I have to thank?
I guess I have to thank you.
You have for the great job that you did while I was away.
Hmm.
Kyle's already shaking his head in dismay.
Well, listen, we lie a lot, you know.
And Mike Spindell.
In fact, that's what we're going to be doing this morning.
We're going to take a poll as to whether I should do the show today, okay?
Did you hear that on what day was that Sunday for an hour?
A poll.
On whether he should do the show yesterday.
How did it come out?
The wrong way.
And who else, Fred Chatz?
Fred Chatz was great.
Why does it sound so strange in here again?
Have they been messing with stuff?
Doesn't it sound peculiar in here like hollow?
No.
Like real burly.
You sound...
Strange.
Good.
Well, listen, you want to take another couple of days and maybe I'll get my mouth back.
No.
Mike Wolf did the day.
Mike Wolf, we thank Mike for, you know, whatever he did.
And you have to thank me.
I already did.
Okay.
All right.
Once was more than a knock.
Okay.
I sound strange here this morning.
It's not really me.
So don't blame me.
I guess it must have been that one exciting day I spent in Detroit when the high was 59.
And it rained all day.
From the time I got off the plane to the time I had enough sense to get out of that town.
It never stopped raining and the high was 59.
Now I realize why I left the north.
I will never go back up north again.
Never, ever.
And those of you idiots out there, oh, I missed the change of season.
The city, the leaves falling.
Look at it on a picture postcard.
Will you forget it?
It's a joke.
It's a tragedy.
And it was still summer when you were there.
Before labor.
Yeah, the summer there last about two days.
Not consecutively necessarily.
There is no summer anymore up north.
Forget it.
But the TV down was okay.
And I, you know, cashed a lot of tickets and won money every night at the TV down.
And then came back here to punch my brains out of Calder, which is another story.
Oh, really?
A pummeling seldom seen in the history of paramutual wagering.
Sell them seen.
And if Michael Lee is listing this morning.
That ride on the sixth horse in the, whatever the ninth race yesterday on us.
And then the scale of zero that, you know, you realize I tore up my Calder pants last night.
That's how disgusted I am.
They were over.
Hearing those messages, I'll be saying, hey, there's nothing like spending.
There's nowhere I'd rather be on a great summer afternoon that it called her.
And that's true.
If I could afford it.
But I got news for you.
Even those of us with the deep pockets, you know, can only go so long.
And the Mike Gonzalez had a great day yesterday.
He had four winners and I had three of them and God bless them.
But he's the only guy I cash on out there.
And most of his horses go off three to five, you know.
So it's a grim situation.
Is that the word grim?
It's a thord going on.
And then to top it off, this guy and his girlfriend who never go to the track.
They went there yesterday because I talk about it all the time, right?
And the closest I came to really hitting it big, I had a four, seven, ten,
not nobody cares about this, but I have to tell it anyway.
I've got the four, seven, ten, perfect box like in the fourth race, okay?
The four takes the lead in the stretch.
The five is second and the ten is coming with Mike Gonzalez on the outside.
Can't miss second.
And I've got a three dollar perfect box.
Four, ten is going to pay about 250 bucks, which means I've got $375 coming back
if the ten horse gets second.
The ten is going to pass the five like he's standing still, right?
Well, all of a sudden here's Baltazar on the rail who can't get arrested coming back
with a five horse and they finish almost dead even at the wire.
And I run over to the monitor and I watch the replay and the ten gets beat by a 18th of an inch per second.
And I just heave my tickets in the air, sit down in the chair, slump down in the chair and discussed.
Now this guy who never goes to the track and his young blonde girlfriend come racing over and he hands me a ticket.
Dollar try box, four, five, ten.
Wow.
Which the two dollar try paid $2100.
He doesn't know a horse from his elbow this guy and he's collecting $1,100.
But isn't that lunch?
Bones to the window, cashes the ticket, comes back, hands me a five dollar bill and leaves.
This is not the way it always is though.
People, you know, no, no anything about horses.
It was just the upset.
And then I get Michael Lee who's standing straight up.
He's two lengths off the lead with his horse 19 to one.
And now he's standing straight up and he goes all the way back to dead last on the turnway last, okay?
Now he gets the horse in gear and he's running like a maniac on the turn.
Passes half of the field and finishes a desperate fifth.
I know I should.
Michael Lee.
I know I shouldn't laugh, but just a little chuckle.
To know your upset.
To know your upset.
To say the best.
I love Calder, but they don't love me.
You didn't really tear your pass up.
Oh yes.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
And how did Mr. Calder do?
Mr. Calder's been doing just fine.
He keeps cashing tickets.
He keeps pulling them out of somewhere.
I don't know where.
Well, he's never going to have to go back to work.
Of course not.
That's what you think.
Just wait till Calder opens.
It'll be all over.
But Calder Magic.
He only wins a track's named after him.
Right.
There aren't too many.
So I guess if I was to find Rogers Downs or some Neil Downs, I would do great, you know.
Boy, a lot of things have happened since I left.
I see sandies on the air.
And you know that's the only talk show in America where the host and the guest lie down when the show is going on.
It's true.
I tuned her in for about 30 seconds this morning and she had some lawyer on.
And they were both, I mean nobody can be sitting up and be that boring.
You know, it can sound asleep.
So I think they must have reclining chairs.
They could do that show from a hospital bed.
Exactly.
In fact, most of the listeners must be in hospital beds.
And if they're not, they're going to be in a coma very shortly.
And soon in some time of a bed somewhere.
Boy, she is so boring, unbelievable.
I have a real depressing story to tell.
I got a lot of me present to tell.
That's what the audience love.
Oh, I know.
Because they're stuck down here.
They don't realize how good they've got it.
The weather is great.
Everything else thinks, but the weather is great.
And I got news to you when it's the end of August and it's 59 for the high and feels like about 30.
Oh, we had wind chill.
Oh, yeah.
The only good thing in Detroit was Dick Pertin, who is still on the air.
He's on Z95.5 or something like that.
And he's still got about three people that do the show with him, including one guy who sounds just like Casey Kassam.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
And Pertin is still, you know, doing talk-ups and stepping all over the record intentionally.
Oh, right.
It's great.
And he's got Casey Jr. with him.
Yeah.
And about two other people.
It's a real show.
In a real city, but unfortunately, the weather there is pathetic.
Yeah.
So a good luck to him.
The only good thing in Detroit besides the Dick Pertin show was White Castle hamburgers.
Oh, my gosh.
With a drive-through.
Oh, no.
I was only there a day and a half and I went through the drive-through three times at White Castle.
And some of you out there, you know, the people in the audience give more misinformation on these talk shows.
Oh, to Pinkas is closed.
That restaurant's been closed.
It's not closed.
It's still open.
It's a huge restaurant.
They're on telegraph and six mile or seven mile, whatever the hell it is.
And they had a full-payed jet in the Detroit Free Press.
And when I kept going by there and I saw all the cars there and then I saw the ad in the Free Press,
I figured they probably are not closed.
I mean, there are too many places that buy a full-payed jet in the newspaper when they're closed.
No.
Not too many.
I mean, it would be something to open the Herald tomorrow for those of you who still get it,
see a full-payed jet for the monks in.
Wouldn't that be great?
We closed six years ago, but you know, we still like to little PR,
like to keep in touch with our friends.
And especially with the Pope coming, you never know.
Wouldn't he be great if the monks in were still open?
They could put the Pope to work.
There is a waiter with that silly little frock, you know, that he wears that little dress.
And as beanie, it would be great.
And Channel 7, by the way.
And you notice I stalled about 10 minutes after that spot.
Can you believe that they're doing that thing?
We're a ribbon for peace.
The two days, Thursday and Friday when the Pope is here,
like all of us are supposed to be caught up in this thing.
I thought he was Catholic.
Am I wrong?
Is he non-denominational now?
He's bigger than life.
And if you've seen him lately, believe me.
He has to go to the Tall and Big Men shop to get his dress.
You can't say that.
I just said it.
He gets his dress the same place that Joey Reynolds gets it.
Joey Pinto, welcome to town, Joey.
I can't believe it.
I heard him for about three minutes this morning.
He is so bad that it's unbelievable.
And he's trying to do, I don't know what it is he's trying to do
because he plays no music and he brags about it.
Right.
It's a comedy show.
It is?
Allegedly.
Well, that's what he says.
Big buildup on his Bruce Springsteen cut that he was going to play.
And he goes on and on and on.
And by the way, Joey Pinto, aka Joey Reynolds.
I guess he's been taking shots of me.
He doesn't even know who I am.
I know who you are.
Never heard me in his life.
He taught you everything you know.
He taught me everything I know.
The guy doesn't even know me.
But I know him.
Oh, do I know him?
There's a great story about him.
There was a group called the Rock and Rebels who had a record called Wild Weekend on Swan Records.
Many years ago as an instrumental.
I vaguely remember.
And it was Tommy Shannon's theme song and Tommy Shannon and Joey Reynolds worked at WKBW and Buffalo
which is where Joey was successful.
And he should have stayed there forever because that's the only place he made it was in Buffalo.
And that's because the people there were all like a block of ice.
They never thought out.
They couldn't change the dial.
So Joey was very successful.
You know, it was the only station in the market with a signal.
And anyway, these kids that made that record on Swan Records, I don't want to say who they had a contract with,
who their agents were.
I don't want to mention any names.
They never collected a dime in royalties.
And that record was released several times and overall sold over a million records.
And they never saw a penny of the royalties.
And when they try to get a lawyer and do something about it, nobody could find their contract and it disappeared.
What contract?
You know, it's like here.
When Gilbertson comes down again and say, what contract?
You don't have a contract.
I'll say, but what about this?
Oh, you must have made that up.
We don't have any copy of that.
It's the way it is in this business.
As they say in West highly, it's a dog-y dog business.
And I had a deep, well, not only did I have a depressing day at Calder yesterday, I'm sitting at home and I called Stan and I said,
well, let's go have, let's at least go eat a good meal somewhere, right?
So he says, okay, I'll be over at about 10, 15 minutes.
I put the phone down.
Two minutes later, it rings.
And I thought, well, he's calling back.
He had some brain storm over to go eat, right?
Wrong.
I mean, here I've plunged my brains out.
But I am so depressed, I'm tearing up my Calder pass, which for me is like blasphemy, okay?
And whose voice do you think is on the other end of that line?
I can't imagine.
Well, let me take the break.
I mentioned there are a lot of people in the audience who already know.
I have to do as mentioned the word, depressed.
Oh, no.
And it gives me a great, good, good, good, good, good.
Oh, it was.
Oh, no.
Oh, boy.
I mean, 21 past 10.
At WINZ, we'll come right back.
Mr. Keshe, where you'd in a time of wild, and money from the arms sales to I ran, was being
illegally devoid of the contrast, you know, Mr. Senator?
I'm glad you asked that question, because the countries are guerrillas, and guerrillas always
remind me of the monkeys, and isn't a great, that after all these years, they're once
again the hardtrap of teenagers all across the US of it.
Mr. Keshe, where you just answer the question.
Well, sir, there's nothing I'd like better, but on the advice of council, I'm most regrettably
and respectfully decline your request, but don't go away, because I'm going to take the
fifth.
And of course, I can only mean the fifth dimension.
The year was 1967, with this persecution, will the God promote this man from the train by
immediately, sees those mangai will compound you the jackpot.
24 past 10 at WINZ, I do sound strange today, don't I?
I'm having withdrawal symptoms from being back in the building.
Oh, and from that phone call I had last night.
Oh, yeah.
Before I get into the phone call though, we got a lot of sick people in this audience.
You don't really do have a lot of sick people in the audience.
You haven't noticed.
Anyway, seeing their minding my own business, it's labor day, right?
It's a holiday.
You don't call up people that you know.
I don't want to say friends, because I would not use that word in regard to this individual.
Appointances.
Appointances.
On a holiday and depress them, would you?
Colleagues, no.
I would especially somebody that helped to get you a job.
But don't forget, it's not important in life that you succeed, but that your friends fail.
Just remember that.
And this particular individual is probably the premier advocate of that philosophy.
I agree.
Making a life career now being a professional troublemaker.
Has he left the big plop?
Oh, yeah.
He's gone.
Bob pardon me for being depressing Lanciter.
On the phone.
Is there a call for two reasons?
One to tell me that he finally got out of WPLP.
He's not working for this company anymore.
Right.
And he went to WFLA and he's doing great and they love him.
He's not making as much money as he had been suggesting he was going to make.
But he's doing great, you know, 450 an hour or something like that.
He's doing great.
And with his talent, that's, you know, overpaid at worst.
And number two, like the guy's writing a book or something, he must be writing a book.
Wanted to find out the true story about all these wild rumors he's hearing.
Oh, about you.
I should have asked him, are you writing a book, Bob?
Are you writing my life story?
On a Labor Day, on a holiday.
Doesn't matter.
The man calls up.
Matters to tell me all of these wild things about how Bob Gilbertson is still bad-mouthing me
and talking to the management of WPLP in Tampa and wants to fire me and his very upset
and having an nervous breakdown and about how Tim Williams, our national sales managers,
telling the people over there that they can't sell this show and that there's no advertising on this show
and on and on and on and on.
And by the time I got through, I didn't know whether to cut up my call to pass or cut up Lanciter.
As a matter of fact, if he would have been closer, I would have liked to have tried to do both at the same time.
I could have taped the pass over his heart and used one of those skewers, you know, from the barbecue pit on Labor Day.
Unbelievable.
Terminal and depressing.
Then I come in here this morning in our program director whose photograph is still where the moon don't shine.
You were there, you were there.
And this comes in the office and says, well Gary's not here again this week.
So if Bob Gilbertson calls, I'm transferring the call to the bird, you know, or something like that.
That's what he said.
He did say that, boy.
That's fine.
A bunch of nervous nellies, aren't they?
And I got news for him.
I'm showing up every day.
Then there were other wild rumors while I was gone.
I'm going to Chicago to WLS.
Right.
A music station.
I don't know anybody in Chicago.
I've never talked to anybody in Chicago.
I don't want to work in Chicago.
Okay.
You hate Chicago.
I hate Chicago.
Well, it comes are okay.
The weather is the weather is horrendous.
It's rocious.
They had about 85 feet of water standing there with like Michigan, Lake Michigan had moved into Chicago.
While I was on vacation, it's all they were talking about is that Chicago was underwater,
which was a blessing for the Cubs, by the way.
Okay.
Big sports fan over here.
If you say so.
I'll just go back and talk about that racit call to Rickon.
Here's Michael Lee.
I mean, he's two lengths off the lead.
He's sitting perfect on the turn.
He's got a ton of horse.
And now he, and then the other day on Friday or Saturday.
Here's Teresa Peters.
I call her Shirley Peters.
She's one of the jockeys.
So to speak.
I mean, I've got a few jockeys out there that really we ought to send him out to the farm club,
send him up to finger lakes.
Okay.
Give him a little seasoning before you get the public to put their hard earned money on these people.
Shirley Peters.
She's got this seven horse, which has just been claimed.
I can't think of the name of the horse, but the horse gets bet down like crazy.
So naturally, I put a few bucks on the horse because it looked like it had a good shot.
And in the backstreet, surely have you ever seen a girl on a hobby horse?
Yeah.
How the horse goes up and down and up.
And she's standing and she's got, she's got the rain straight up in the air.
And she's rocking up and down.
And you don't make up a lot of ground when you're going up and down.
You know what I'm saying?
Very hard for a horse to go forward when he's going up and down like a hobby horse.
Needless to say, he's at the top of the stretch right now in a desperate drive.
Boy, it's unbelievable.
It's incredible, but I don't want to cry sour grapes.
You know, just because I lost, you know, 80, 90,000 or whatever it was.
Now there are people are going to believe that, too, you see.
Sure.
Sure these are me rumors.
Believe whatever you like.
You know, when you're making five, six hundred thousand a year, it must be nice.
That's all I can say.
But that's about it.
Don't have any great stories at all.
It's basically about it.
Oh, no.
Oh, yes.
Well, what else did you want?
Well, you always have great stories when you come back from vacation.
About little adventures you had, you know.
I didn't have any adventures.
I'll be darned.
Unfortunately.
Did you go to East Lansing?
You didn't go.
No.
Are you kidding me?
Weather was too bad, huh?
I got out of Michigan so fast.
Okay.
And where did you go?
Made a B line.
Where did you go, New York?
Yeah.
I did go to Don and Bob's every day again.
That's the only reason I went back there to eat.
I had like six meals a day.
It was great.
What else is there to do there, right?
Well, you can do that when you're on vacation.
You're allowed to do that.
Yeah.
And I heard the food was coming in here.
I heard they got a whole bunch of stale bagels on Spendel show the other day.
Perfect.
Stale.
Yes.
Mernous stale.
Yeah.
I said perfect.
Mernous and his favorite.
We're going to get a hockey team together here.
The winds hockey team.
We're going to use them as hockey pucks.
They were so stale.
And Mike was owing and I.
You know, those weekend people, anything for free.
They just go nuts.
They'll show like crazy.
Yeah.
They're in the refrigerator now if you want.
And the freezer.
Fawing out.
This is an envelope.
Well, we don't want to go into that.
I mean, I just heard it with the best of intentions.
And then of course it winds up a four hour show on bagels.
Which is fine because that's what we're going to do today.
We're going to do a...
Let's see.
What could we do today?
Besides, he covered bagels pretty well.
How about white castle?
Somebody mentioned that the other day.
The boils are good.
I'm sorry.
Those are real good.
The only exciting thing that happened in Detroit.
Friday evening.
And the rain is just pouring down.
And I'm not even going to go to the track.
And that kind of weather.
And I drive through white castle.
And I've put my order in.
You know, at the little megaphone.
I said, give me 80 cheese brothers.
I'm a bucket of coke.
And I'm sitting there.
And there's one car in front of me.
And there's one car behind me.
And there's this very attractive young couple in the car.
And there's this car behind me.
And she is...
I don't know if she thought it was Halloween or what.
But she was bobbing for apples in a car.
I couldn't believe it.
I kept looking in a rearview mirror by accident.
Occasionally I look up.
Absolutely.
Because it was boring sitting there waiting for my hamburger.
And I couldn't believe this in Detroit.
Which is probably the most sexless town in the history of America.
They don't even do it in Detroit.
No, that's not true.
They pretend that...
No, they don't.
They do not do it in Detroit.
Nobody does it.
Most of them don't even think about it.
Well, that's why we're going to become down here.
You know that.
That's what's going to happen here.
We're not even going to think about it.
And make a lot of...
Didn't we already...
Yeah.
We didn't mandate that before I went away.
That's right.
It hadn't taken effect.
That's why they brought Joey Reynolds down here.
Exactly.
Because looking to him for about a half an hour,
you'd lose your appetite to ever do it again.
Exactly.
They're looking for him.
Speaking of strange voices, boy.
And somebody said to me the other day,
what is he about?
40?
And I got up off the floor.
I mean, I said,
you got to be kidding me.
This guy,
50 easy and maybe beyond.
Weird 48.
Weird 48.
Yeah.
1848.
Yeah.
That's when he began.
I think he's closer to 60,
personal.
All he's in is 50, so if he's a day.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're looking for him in New York,
by the way.
I'm looking for him.
They wonder what happened to him.
I want to talk to him about those letterman spots
that he read on the air that time in 1963,
when I was in Batavia.
See, he doesn't know who I am.
He doesn't even know that I know him.
He doesn't know anything.
He doesn't know anything.
But I got Joey Pinto stories that will go back.
See, the guy was in Buffalo doing just fine.
Right.
Nobody could change the dial.
Okay, and it was the only station they could pick up.
Then all of a sudden he goes to Detroit,
to WXYZ,
bombed, I mean,
the biggest bomb since Hiroshima,
okay, just pathetic.
And WKNR was destroying XYZ at that time.
They were both rock stations.
The inner.
The inner.
The inner.
The inner.
The inner.
Anyone who has a lucky,
like that hot news jingle.
Is that why you listened to that?
You know, he was all the sour grapes.
And they were dying.
XYZ was just a ghost of what he used to be.
Okay.
Lee Allen.
And all of these other
hazbens, you know,
they enjoy eventually went up in New York.
Which everybody sooner or later winds up in New York.
Some of us are trying to avoid it.
WNBC.
Bombed in New York.
Went to Philadelphia,
despised in Philly at best.
okay now they bring them down here on she well here's a guy's like fifty years
old at least doing the morning show with a bunch of you know young kids on drugs
allegedly yeah and it just doesn't make any sense any of any music they say
bond at all they'd say bon jovy to him and he goes huh well there's a group called
Europe I think is the name of the great isn't it and the lead singer looks a
little like bon jovy and I was watching on MTV the other day and I noticed he
was wearing an earring and his right ear left ear okay left ear right now okay
his left ear right to John McEnroe wears one is left here no yeah I saw him
playing tennis the other day yeah well we don't want him he does absolutely in
his left ear and they're expecting their second kid so you know
tatums expecting the second kid at bond jovy and the John McEnroe yeah yeah
right boy wait till we tell the Pope about that I know Pope doesn't know about
this see if the Pope thought the two guys could make babies the church is
positioned on homosexuality would turn around 180 degrees yeah I know even the
priest would be making babies you know hey what's the wrong with that the
nice Catholic boy I'm not you that's the only way it's ever gonna change when two
guys can make a baby then the Catholic Church is gonna have some real second
thought I noticed the day lines have been flashing pretty not frantically here
but the brown is brown or not tuning in anymore they have no idea we don't
want to know whose responsibility that is there's one is it possible that you are
responsible no it is not possible one person I'll disagree he thinks it's very
possible that you might be responsible not too people chasing away part of the
I didn't chase anybody I will say this though it was marginally better than the
country hearing so thank you now they're all bringing what I think that as a
problem as a compliment or flashing which is fine we don't want to talk to
anyway right all Joey Reynolds up by the way they don't have any delay over
there you notice that they have no delay I told that on the air the other day
did you really well we're gonna be telling that on the year every day just not
that we care a lot but just you know you can say anything and it will go on
of course anything in your little heart desires you'll go right on I notice
he's trying to do a little Howard Stern stuff absolutely yeah I mean who is
he kidding he is he's saying that he's an old man who's over the hill to keep
oh I put the Howard every you know Howard was in diapers well sure every all of
us were in diapers when Joey was in Buffalo I mean he guys about 125 years
old he has someone in there with him who knows the music and
knows what's going on that's got a banana that helps him and tells him what to
play and what to do and was it Mike Miller uh hum you somebody like that but
that's how he knows he can team him up with Bob Lasseter point there isn't
anything Lasseter wants what is it that he wants he doesn't know he's like he's
like a true vulture I mean you're like you're like a caricature of a
vulture but he's like a true vulture kind of hovering over everybody's body
just waiting to swoop in right when he was here he was doing the same thing
exactly what he was doing just waiting exactly what the opportunity for me to
oh you're feeling okay to the leaving town you go to Chicago Neil yeah let me
tell you what airline to fly exactly and if he's doing so great at FLAA
over in that big Tampa St. Pete market he's just knocking him dead he's
killing him he's on in the daytime right whatever I don't know I think he's on
in the middle you know that he's heard everything that I've said right now
because he's got his Yenta line see if I were that old Yenta line which I am
older than he is but if I were that age and I were a professional Yenta and I
don't want to mention any other names because there are some sensitive people in
the room as I speak but if I were that age and I had nothing else to do but spread
rumors and gossip and just constantly be stirring the pot as the saying goes I
would be embarrassed really embarrassed humiliated he's so great he's hopeless
he'll always be that way yeah and who do you think's on the phone with him
right now giving a blow-by-blow report of everything that's being said so to
speak on this show blow-by-blow so to speak can I know he gets a report every day
that you're on the air on what you said I think they take transcripts they're
monitoring their monitoring yeah well that's good he talked about you again
today Bob see we want to thank Betty at Betty's where records we have a
wonderful letter here from Betty and she says we are deluge with calls as a
result of your playing the contest over the air yes some people heard it the
great crepitation contest yes there's no need for your listeners to phone just
send 1498 postage included to Betty's rare records box 64 53 Louisville
Kentucky 40206 no COD just send the damn check okay Betty and also want to
thank Ron Sacks who can't seem to make up his mind Ron's another one of those
people has ambivalent feelings about Uncle Neil and when he was on the air
during that brief but illustrious career as tacos a competitive he was a
competitor he was saying some terrible things about me and about this show and
about shock radio and all that kind of stuff and all of a sudden that he's
back writing what is this from this media what is this Miami review Miami review
yeah he writes for the Miami review I don't know what that is but that's the
name of the publication I thought the Miami review was the one with all those
Hispanic authors it could be no well that's what he told me no way Jose he said
Miami review there's a horse by the way co the Helen Dale kid by the way came in
second yesterday beating me out of that perfect also well that'll show you
10 three all the way around couldn't miss you always miss and here comes the
Helen Dale kid you always bet on anything named Helen no I don't sonny Rosenberg
was writing it into no that Michael Lee I'm gonna tell you when you see him
out there give him my best give him the number one sign I watched the replay of
that Michael and I'm telling you a hobby horse I don't bet on hobby horses okay I
can go to the Broward Mall and see little kids on a hobby horse yeah anyway okay
I won't tell him that Stan spent a weekend at the a country walk okay I'm not
gonna tell him that anyway no he said to me he wants to be a babysitter now I
know I know that well when you said how many later in the show we're gonna give
me the number for Uncle Stan's babysitting service when you said a hobby horse
someone's name immediately comes to mind yeah well that's his hobby anyway Ron
sacks writes W. I. N. Z. Roger survives muscling attempts and Ron just
tinkels I just read the article this morning credible and I can't believe it loves
tinkels to the point of almost having a a literary hernia on this page
nothing but wonderful unbelievable by the way who do we thank for that very
creative thing that we played the beginning of the show hot 105 Dan McKay
and are we promoting other FM stations again you asked me oh Stan has marked
mostly on today doesn't it from power 96 wow this must make our effort don't
you ever talk about Zeta let's sure Dave Capita dropped in last week and
plugged and plugged and plugged and talked about one that was that was shameless
well a little other side of the coin you know shameless of course maybe the
what I'm looking for is desperate is that well they were paranoid we walked up
there in the FM this morning just to cut a spot or something I have a fit and
Gene Cashman was sitting in there on the console Gene was spinning around on
the turntable you know they play all those CDs so they got to do something with
the turntables and Gene was spinning around at 16 RPM was incredible was a
sight of beauty and a thing to behold I enjoyed it and Jeff Chase had a very
nervous look on his face Jeff always has that very nervous look are you coming
into midday is that's like the question that's on their no morning yeah I saw
them on the telephone yesterday Gene looked real good on TV really she really
that's what she's Mr. Nitch maybe she belongs on TV maybe I saw all up a
sawfuls and tell them that I saw beautiful and built anner and Rick and
Spud saw all one segment of a telephone you must have been I was Laurie beside
myself Donald did you say I didn't say but no noodles it was Budell and noodles
my favorite can yeah but anyway I want to thank Ron Sacks for the incredible
urinating exercise here in this media column I mean he really just goes nuts and
says all these wonderful things about me I know in fact if it gets slow I'll
read it on the air about four or five times later in the show I read a couple
of paragraphs on the year last week it is true when I first sat down here I
started a little bit strange I guess I'm out of practice yeah my vacation
for sure like Joey Reynolds it sounds like they I don't want to overdo it because
he wants me to talk about and I know and after today we will not discuss his show
thank God more than once in a while but it sounds like they scraped his vocal
chords you know it's got that thin almost like Mar what is his name Albert Albert Albert
Marv Albert NBC why do I want to call him Albert like her like Rick Albert no it's
Martin Albert and his brother and all of a sudden I'm losing his brother Steve is
good on W.O.R.
two brothers who are both good Marv has no talent at all he does letter
but you know he talks like somebody is a guy his vocal chords in jail somewhere
and I can't get out he always says yes swish yes I don't like a guy says swish
on the area I'm not too fond of that how come well I just a little sensitive
about that okay let's take another break 60 16 before 11 and a just when you
thought crap goal records couldn't possibly be more tasteless
and a ball a pull in and a three-band football
and I met this year accountant either both do time to shoot that's right so it's the cat
skills cowboy himself doctor Irving Paycheck singing the all-time greatest hits of
muchville you'll hear the accountant you gotta know how that beat him no how they cheat
him if you want a little good life keep a second set up book and who could forget
this flavorful cut looking for locks in all the wrong places looking for locks I'd buy
by the cases quality stuff be sure there's no cases of bones or too much salt and no collection
of old country music would be complete without doctor Irving Paycheck's dietary classic
I've his coach and coach and cool yes crap call records proudly presents the all-time
greatest hits of notchville those not Miami-Move to order notchville hits dial one and hundred
a hootspots doctor Irving Paycheck because he's got those not Miami-Move
yeah this is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station and they
will trust me 12 minutes before 11 at w i n z and we want you to say hootspa a little
later on on the show not yet I can't don't try this early in the morning I can't roll
my arms and never be able to speak you know and then I'm out of luck I can't say that
I can't roll my arms and I'm very jealous that you can do that yeah then you then you'll
become my so well you can become Jewish yeah exactly so we don't know any goyem name
song there are Jewish of course and then you'll be able to say hootspa but first you have to
become Jewish all right now there's a little procedure they want to say it's a little vulture
procedure they want to do out in the green room but that's why I can't say and you may turn a little
bit green while they're doing it but listen you know it's worth it in a long run and you do it
just in time for the arrival of his holiness course which I can't wait for myself boy that's going
to be great Thursday and Friday they're going to close down the whole town because a silly guy
in a dress and a beanie is going to show up here that's right incredible I know a lot of guys who
go out there in a dress for nothing would have to raise all these millions it's going to be on
nationwide TV one guy's on the air on not well I don't want to mention what station but I understand
he's got quite a wardrobe really yes can you give us any clues no I can't cannot is it a or fm
bm bm well I think we ought to take a few calls today they're kidding no I'm not kidding see what
happened what really happened while I was gone you think that I believe anything that you would
tell me because you gilded the lily just like the last time when you told me about the hearings
and all that incredible crap that they put on a year and all it was just fine just fine wait till
the numbers come out numbers came out and like half of the audience disappeared not half
and we still close 40% we still yes I got phone calls again ladies and gentlemen 40% of the audience
disappeared during that period of time I got phone calls again last week from people from people
who said I discovered you during the contra hearings we still that was in my gym that was in
a gym ten of them yeah of phone calls think how many people there were if that's how many phone calls
if there were ten calls and there must have been at least a hundred and of course the 80,000
people that we lost no problem ever going to believe me on this this is the one this is the biggest
disagreement you and I have we must vehemently disagree on this point whether we should have carried
Ali North it's a mute point of course mute it's all over it's mute yeah those were the guys who
took the fifth they were all mute mute mute mute point I stay trying to do you trying to get to
be mute ill sidekick now yeah you have to be semi literate to do that it's a good time for the great
days that's noodles isn't it yeah five kick noodles oh boy that just sends me when he says that he
says it like nobody else says it thank God and then spendel yesterday you know what is wrong with him
he inspects restaurants in Broward County no wonder we got all this mong in a lot of the restaurant
that's his job and he's fetching about the bagels at Burger King and how they're soft and mushy
doesn't he understand that everything they do they put in the microwave yeah and you cannot put
bread in a microwave without it becoming soft and mushy of course they could start with the greatest
bagel in the history of mankind and by the time they put it in that damn microwave course and it comes
out like a glob of mong they nuke it exactly in the Michael mongle not a bagel but a mongle
boy a bagel with sausage and cheese my grandmother is spinning in her grave just thinking about that
i mean too i'm spinning above unbelievable talk about trief no one in Broward wants to talk to you
at all they were flashing them and they're not now they thought i was going to take calls but
date counties they're foaming at the mouth to talk to you and report to you on the
other words you chased away the Broward audience while i was away and it's going to take about
10 days to get him back don't blame me i haven't been here for 10 days now they're back now yeah
should we punch him up yeah let's punch a few up this hour be my guest he says
date county hello hi Neil yeah welcome back hey what do you got a setup sounds really good
see what do you got against finger lakes what do you mean what if i got against it it's fine i
own an elin lost 42 dollars there was a moral victory to run the center the Jackie from
coastal folder down there oh that's true now i wouldn't want to do that to finger lakes
say ever never heard you say you were a downed bopsy you must have been a Rochester
he could send Steve Gaffley on and Michael Lee they're together on the same bus
go ahead sir don't let me interrupt you you have been a right to have yeah yeah uh do you have any
double what the anti-smoking laws out there no because i don't smoke or you're lucky only these cigars
in here and that's because we like to blow the smoke into the continuity department
okay the old welcome okay thank you so much good call to start that was excellent
guys brain dead you were rotters throughout you have any trouble with the anti-smoking law
yeah let's do a couple of hours on that huh that's a big thing up there what is it really what is
the hands-poken restaurants are they're very militant about that well just not only there yeah
it's kind of like a Detroit the anti-sex laws in Detroit don't even think about it i'm serious
they do not do it in Detroit that's their version of population control they just don't do it
brown word hello hello yes it sounds like Bob Lasseter no absolutely not thank god
who's this is this Kyle yeah oh Kyle is Neil taking calls yeah do you want to talk to him
yes lines i don't you know sit here for four hours we'll put you on first okay hello
what am i getting the feedback i've right directly to the show you're on right now
listening to his radio yeah i've got one to the radio don't listen to your radio you're a veteran
you know better than that well i didn't know i was going to get put on this isn't like a
wsh where they have no delay right where is that the sagina yeah yeah sagina right by the
wrist track fish fly what's that did you go out the sagina to see the fish fly oh yeah sure yeah did
you go to fly the deli at least no Neil how bad i went to white castle and i got the hell out of that
town that place for the lofty at pony island no that town is finished forget it the only place i
went the only good part in that town was the embassy sweets hotel where i stayed which is
sensational is it really i should never have left the hotel that is the greatest hotel chain in
the history they give you a whole sweet you can have you can have the whole lion's football team in
there for brunch i mean it's incredible does dickperkins still have Lou with him
Lou i thought the guy's name was tom ryan no no Lou is engineer oh i don't know he's got like
like a half a dozen people with him i do that show it's still as funny as he used to be he's as good
as ever he's hysterical he's properly beside you one of the funnier guys on the radio i would say
that yeah hi welcome back good to have you back by the way somebody did call i think while you were
gone wanting to know why when he dialed one eight hundred hoods but nobody answered that's true that's
true someone did dialed it well then be rated Glenn hill for giving out the wrong number okay
we'll never do it again yeah don't ever do give out hoods but numbers like that again and we'll
take care of the surgery on Glenn tomorrow okay that was an accurate call actually we get a two for
one we can get a surgery on joy rentals vocal cords right to make you Jewish at the same time
fact maybe they could do a skin transplant if you thought about that listen you're laughing but i'm
serious there's something to think about the miracle of modern medicine they could probably take
that little um do i dare say for skin and i do mean little and they could graft it on the joys vocal
cords and by the end of the show he could sound like um bob laceter oh i'm so depressed
the sky is falling the sky is falling the world is coming oh god you're so wonderful we love to hear
you say the sky is falling we love being depressed what if his demographics are as good in the
tampas they were over here he had nobody under 90 he's got to stay there that's the ultimate
that's the ultimate mark you know that since he's been there the tampas saying peter is number one
in the suicide rate in the whole country that's no cool he's been on the air that is not a coincidence
absolutely not directly linked to his show and now that he's on a station that's got a signal where
people can hear him uh oh there'll be people jumping from the tops of tall buildings every five
minutes in tampas saying Pete it'll be incredible you'll think superman is moving to town hello mr
uh they're going to be just leaping onto the streets onto the causeway all over the place it'll be
exciting into the new stadium i know i can't wait it ought to be really good you're right brown
would count you not to know much i know we're coming up the news they have no interest in the show
anymore that's not what are all listening to sandy well she fits in oh sandy i'll tell you one thing
boy you think radio is bad in this market and it is but up north it is so desperate to try to find
anything i'll tell you w. h a m and rochester fifty thousand watts fifty thousand watts and at one
o'clock in the afternoon here comes sally jesse with her stupid glasses oh boy and sally has got a little
recording that she made saying don't call us now call us tonight if you like talk to us because
this is pre-recorded and they play the same crap that you'll hear at ten o'clock at night on that
station and on this one and some others embarrassingly so and uh people are saying hi how are you
tonight sally and i want to clock in the afternoon great so they've got six hours of the day filled
up with that and it's just it's embarrassing i mean this business is just uh reaching new lows
from coast to coast speaking of which talk about desperate channel ten yesterday previewed the new show
hurraldo at ten o'clock speaking of desperate there's hope for all of us i'm telling you
i'm gonna wind up on network tv no problem all you got to do is be able to speak a little bit not a lot
michael is here with the headlines and again we thank him profusely for the incredible job the
indescribable job that he did on my vacay i was just gonna say speaking of bad radio i took your show
Monday good and uh did my part to drive the audience away and we understand you had a great job
and then we'll come back after cbs news at eleven o'clock so i'm frank barfus and this here's my
partner url jane since i had a vineyard and url had an orchard we got the idea to make us a
refreshing new wine cooler that you might like to try it don't taste no different than the other
really but my partner url here says that if i wear this here a flannel shirt and talk sort of
awkward in country like you'll think we're just a small struggling company and won't even notice
how we're spending millions of dollars advertising on the tv well yes what our sales have gone through
the roof and we appreciate you and so gullible so thanks so much for your support bifles and james wine
poolers decepto california here's a great letter the mail is beginning to trickle in i see there's
like a box full of mail out there oh boy probably not for us though how do i mark the got a great
letter from marthine she says glendid very well but yesterday talking about fm and music was boring
guess he had an attack of leaf follow rightus what we did take a poll one day you took a poll well the
city's going through with you took a poll yeah okay let's take a poll should i do the show tomorrow or
should might spend del come in and do the show that's a good poll how we love you mike you're wonderful
go on with it do it get it over with i'll be honest with you that hour that he did on sunday though
was one of the best hours i've heard in a long time wow because all those people were calling it
and ripping it was great you're boring mike get off the air thank you very much you know it's good
yes you american steel we behemions better stop visiting my emmy you are both
douchebags you want this is addressed to me in stan from the Bahamas great from one of our
rost the friends in the Bahamas straight yours sincerely abc de fg ps and no this is not pinnings paper
what does that mean Evan bevens of london and they've got it like blacked out but not a very good job
two americans were just recently convicted for attempting to smuggle cocaine through the Bahamas
please tell the folks don't bring their drugs here leave it in america with a smiling face okay you
idiots out there they get on those cruise ships and go to the Bahamas or get on those airplanes and go
and leave your hard earned money in the Bahamas trust me knock it off take it out to calder because you
gonna have to make up the deficit for might not be in there and that could be a very vast sum
also have a letter today an update from the art style sees of Los Angeles oh wow remember the
invitation i got to attend the press gathering sure mr. neal rogers the papal visit office is
finalizing the seating of invitees for the address by Pope John Paul second the communications
leaders of the nation our records show that you've not responded your invitation from archbishop
roger majoni to attend this event in accordance with normal papal security procedures your invitation
will be assumed as an rsvp know and your name will be removed from our list if we haven't heard
from you by wednesday september 9th only got to tomorrow to do it please make your response on the
rsvp card enclosed in the archbishop's letter or by personal letter directed to the papal visit office
at the above address if you have any questions please call jane famboreau at the papal visit office
area code two one three two five one three five eight six that's area code two one three
two five two five one three five eight six for jane i wonder if that's a guy or a girl
could be either in the ele from jane indeed uh why would they think you would want to go to
la to see the pope when the pope is coming to my ammy why would you need to fly to california
oh there be a lot more interesting people out there well that's right by the way i have a little
tip for you the uh trawlers in our listening audience you're not going to believe this the best
looking people in the united states you're gonna laugh when i say this no doubt live in vatavia new york
and that's ridiculous it's not ridiculous not on it sounds ridiculous it's not ridiculous
everything heard of it's a town of about twenty thousand people they've heard of and i've always
been astonished at how strikingly good looking all the people there were and when i went to
batavia down zirvina i had never cashed a ticket in my life up until my vacation and i won every night
every night you know it's obvious to spot a boat race and uh
and it's just amazing to me and of course they have uh in all states but florida miners can go to
the trap people of all ages a lot of young people there of all ages right in fact they have a nursery
there it would guy look very familiar he must have been flying back and forth by jet let's see six o'clock
the concord could have got him there in time for post time at seven thirty they've got to do something
about that in florida they really do they need to allow miners right i think at the track yeah not as
long as governor more taxes in telehassy yeah silly man there's no reason are you attacking the
governor now some mildly our wonderful pious religious born again douche bag is he coming down
does governor gonna be here would not be attractive if we had the governor here with Reagan and the
Pope woo wow boy more than i can handle yeah i'll tell you one thing i would take some more calls but
they sounded so bad oh technically didn't they the whole setup sounds really strange shut up polaroid
oh really flash thank you so much i a tamper radio station
a tamper radio station but it's not the one it's a real radio station don't you want to be a Q
Q 105 you want to five yeah a real station i never want to mr. gloom and doom is on this is number one
step so he pressed a tamper radio station's taking a swipe of governor bob more taxes as and his
consumer services tax this morning the q-zoo oh that's original the morning team at wrb q radio
gave away its first role of bob martina's toilet paper he he he he each sheet of the paper has a
picture of martina's and the slogan wipe out services taxes q-zoo tamper bay excellent i like that
broadcasters shana stevens that's interesting it's shadow shana shana stevens shadow stevens
it's a misprint my little confused here or what broadcasters shana stevens says the station has
hundreds of roles to give away to listeners who call it the right time i wonder what the right
time would be the five percent consumer services taxes proven very unpopular and is the subject
of legal action and a scheduled special session of the legislature later this month it places a five
percent tax on most professional services including legal work accounting and advertising
medical services are not taxed our tina's has been the main supporter of the tax saying it's
needed to support the increased demand for state services credit shana stevens wrb q tamper
well if it's shadow stevens outcome the misprinted twice i must be wrong you wrong could possibly
you are wrong it's possible did you hear that we got to rob a fourteen it's not probable on
September the eight nineteen eighty seven he said i could be wrong it's possible we'll call Bob
and find out some disturbing stories from people out in the atrium about some of the shows you
did while i was gone like what i don't know they're just very distraught they said don't ever do it
again now way you're you're making that up you're making that up would appreciate a bunch of all your
tongue and cheek songs i hope the erection song is in there is that on a tape now it's not on the tape
now
why are we censoring the tapes that we sent out not to just never put it on there there you go
great one of those cheap uh... what is that
assertron what are they call those those are about the cheapest cassettes you see the guys name
the middle name is his middle name the duke yeah the duke okay and also close to photograph of a big
poster here i love john paul georgian ringo which reminds me
when are these people gonna stop with those john three sixteen signs every sporting event for like
the last ten years that's on television you see these morons running around john three sixteen first
of all what the hell does that mean i don't know was anybody know what the verse is i've never looked
it up i think if you look it up in the bible it says win one for the gipper or something
i think you're right yet serious by the way those are all gone
state county hello stickers
hello you're good morning how are you i'm okay
you sound very depressed if you've been talking to bob laceter sir now hearing you talk about it
all the time okay i will never mention his name again
anyway the people around there have done they they've attempted to do some sort of a job while
you're gone but you know how hopeless it is like a chinese fire grill yeah even their accents
were changing in the slightly time yeah don't give you started on michael lee again will you please
who's that a jockey oh there's lots of jockey they changed their name that they're all the same
i think michael lee and steed gaffley on are the same jockey
once they get that room full of all those small people i think it's hard to keep track of them
you're right you're absolutely right the only one you can tell is michael's because he keeps winning
all those races okay okay bye thank you that was a good call what was it it was just a call he
just wanted to touch base now why why oh that's happening because of me again okay i keep doing that
you mean well i haven't been here very long you know i've only been here for three and a half years
and i don't know how to do this stuff i am impressed though by that second phone it looks great yeah
does it work yeah is it hooked up to the speaker phone no you know and what we have finally we have
a inner calm which we never had that that instrument we can call almost sexual yeah we can call
Jeff gonzer and we can call people in the bill and we really which we never were able we can call
like Nancy we call them out but we couldn't put it on the air so what the hell good is how he comes
the message seventy one will go we'll go all over the station it says we're what does that mean
one thirty five it says we're extension one thirty five um is there anybody out there who's following
any of this do you have any idea what that means it's a little one thirty five dial seventy one
okay dial seventy one it's a little esoteric but we can't put it on the air anyway so it's going to be
real exciting we'll make little noises hello hello this could be is this paging oh great we're
paging we're just testing excuse us okay can you hear us hello all over the building let's
go that'll teach him to turn on the FM turn off that FM now that's good I like that that was
excellent wake them up out there okay it's eleven eighteen and W.I. and Z we're going to get these
calls so far have been kind of like colatose haven't they what have you done to my audience I
generally they sound awake and bright and vibrant and alert they all sound like they're
don't they've been listening to sandy or something yeah the blame heard don't point your finger at me
you know what if they've been listening to sandy there must be a reason for it don't you understand
it's always amazing this transference of blame that's I don't want to mention any name the story
the true story will come out over the four hours you know what time it is it's eleven nineteen
it's a good time for the great days come on noodle I missed him this morning I'm going to have to
turn him on again tomorrow because I heard did Joey do his thing yeah I missed and his thing is
never going to change I miss noodles also and I feel wonderful today they heard me in the atrium
good good well they're going to hear a lot of me in the atrium it's going to be like the voice of
God is going to be talking on 71 boy they made a mistake when they put that in here I'll tell you that
you're going to do it again okay okay dial 71 wait till it till what it'll you'll hear it's in yeah
paging Rick Edwards paging Rick Edwards to the control room immediately
you're a man I love that I love that well yeah but at least if we can keep our eyes on them then
they can't do any damage good boy Kim mess up any of the equipment 20 minutes after eleven at
W.I. and see by the way I'm listening on Friday before we take the break I'm listening on Friday
and Steve Sonsky who was actually a good guest which amazed me thank you by the way when is
jika coming on when he gets back to tell you won't be back in town you're wrong he was on
mbm the other night he is back in the hospital you are just so negligent in your duties it's
unbelievable I'll call him Sammy we don't have any guests anymore but for jika we make an exception
okay did I thank Fred shots by the way her to you great show is excellent he was talking about
long penises or something unusual you know okay see they don't get upset about that if Fred
shots does it if I talk about it oh pervert you know but if Fred shots comes on and ask some guy
how long his penises that's okay he did do that and he was not clinical right yeah he's a doctor
can do I love to do that when your doctor Rogers then you priest if a priest is asked then it would be
okay absolutely but anyway back to Steve Sonsky oh yeah I'm listening to the show and the thing
I enjoyed about it the best is that your mic kept cutting out and I like that feature of the show
while we were like a short in the mic switch or something yeah and you're mic kept cutting out
I thought boy that's a good deal I wonder if they're doing that on purpose so what they were is
it turned yeah were they really yeah trying to tell me good I think we're doing it again I like it
21 past 11 will come over to the Lord even loves Neil Rogers 25 minutes past 11 at W.I.N.Z.
and the Holy Father is going to be our guest on Thursday for about 15 minutes that's right coming
in bless the audience bless all the equipment so it doesn't fall apart again that's correct and check
out everybody's parts right yep I'm looking so Dave Burry was good huh he was fine and not the
report I just got from upstairs the report that I got from upstairs said that it was the most
embarrassing episode in the history of talk radio neither of whom was funny tried to be funny
and then it was downright embarrassing I disagree see the audience isn't going to give us an honest
report because they you know they have sympathy you'll hear they feel sorry for you okay we'll see
we'll see what happens see what happened they don't want to you know start another thing with the
SPCA like we did with the cats they don't want to start another big deal about that now are the
kids back in school today by the way yeah thank god yeah they went back last Monday I think well I
think I'm going to take the whole summer off from now I mean there were a lot of you know good kids
but boy I'll tell you the summertime is incredible they're incorrigible I know so they're all
back in school including those in Kindle they're all back including the ones of country walk
back in school yeah well I'll stand I'll be waiting for you when you get home okay let's take a
call from Broward hello hi how are you good how you doing oh good good to have you back you were
greatly missed I know I well Rochester I understand yeah is not exciting if you go to Canada
at all yes I did well we're gonna head up there on the 22nd of September well you better take a lot
heavy clothing it's all I can tell you is it really cold up there freezing freezing I mean there
were days when the high was like 62 65 raining bitter in fact I'm on a plane I left Detroit because it
was so cold and so nasty and I flew over to Rochester okay the next day yeah which I go to
Metro Airport by the way and Eastern does not fly from Detroit to Rochester so they eventually
got on Northwestern yeah which had just crashed at Metro a couple of days before and I get on
Northwestern and they I said how do I get to the Northwestern ticket counter they said oh it's
in the other terminal the other the other terminals like walking from Kendall to Tamarack okay and I
got my two heavy bags that I'm carrying yeah I'm gonna tell you that was an incredible experience I
get on a plane we're about a hundred miles west of Rochester and you know how the pilot gives you
a weather report right he says well ladies and gentlemen we're a hundred miles west of Rochester the
weather there today is blustery and cold I couldn't believe you know I mean how can this be like in
the last week of August well see that's it they get their winners real real early there with a high
of like 62 well did you get to can't eat anywhere in Canada go at all yes I did and it was terrible
there's an Italian restaurant I was gonna go to Caruso's oh you should have gone there I should have
gone there and there's a place called the Ponzeni's or Polymeenis right and a place was jam packed and
it looked like an Italian restaurant I thought gee this looks like a great place yeah and I went
in there and I'm gonna tell you on a scale of zero it was horrendous it was garbage I've got a
call holding but let him let it ring the hell with them what do they know pain no attention to it
they probably had Ed McMahon with your ten million dollars don't worry about really I'm talking to
somebody important this one this call must mean nothing exactly well anyway my well because my
we've talked to you before but my husband's daughter is ahead of the party eight like the party
director for uh... uh... courage uh...
hello i'm here okay but but any way and then went away
excuse me and mcman is the one who hung up i've good let him hang up but anyway we're heading
out there yet the twenty-second of uh... september we're looking forward to going back up there for a
week and i'm telling you take a lot of warm clothing i'm not exaggerating it is freezing it's bitter
it's nasty they don't there is no summer anymore they just banded oh well you know they do that
and then they go through their like their indian summer that last for like one week
yeah in october and i told her
uh... did you make it a down in about about you know twenty thirty times
well let me tell you what happened when my husband was up there in june
uh... they had a bunch of people at his sister's house and they went out to get something to
they brought back fifteen down in bob hamburger
nothing like it in the world really somebody had a brain down here and of course not too many
people do but if anybody here had a brain
they get in touch with the people at own that place up there and they would just duplicate it here
and i'm telling you instant millionaires i guarantee that that's right they would be
if i had a brain i would do it myself and get out of this horrible business thank you why don't i
should let me tell you something else that i heard this morning
you you have still a implantation yeah well do you know that you're gonna have a new
bruh neighborhood on what's brown area
the mayor of my any is building a one million dollar home out there
in west broward you know that's really peculiar that you should say that because about four or five
months ago i went to my bank which is on broward boulevard
and i swore that i saw zevier swaras coming out of the bank i was positive in fact i mentioned
that on the air remember yeah and uh... low and beholded probably is true he's probably taking all
of that money out of my amy and moving it up into brow how can how can the mayor of my amy live in
broward i think you he's building a one million dollar home and from what i
understand it's unbelievable all under tight security because it's only like a few
houses in the subdivision yeah i'm sure and you can get in of course i'm going to have all these
electronic things to get into it and everything but yes it's being built and yes he will be in it
in the next five to six months so you're gonna have a nice neighbor out there i know you'll love it
well that'll be great what you say i guess that's his second house or when he speaks english he lives
in in plantation and wants to speak spanish he goes back to my amy right well nil it's real good
to have you back if you were greatly miss thanks a lot okay goodbye that is incredible
hmm my neighborhood wouldn't that be speaking of incredible now there was one interesting thing
that happened at the track yesterday sitting there outside sweating i don't know why called her
and i went up there on the roof yesterday because lately we don't go up there we go on the
third floor where it's cool and it's air conditioned and i'm sitting up there and there were a few
people by the way who were just i mean chronic you know what i'm saying it's nice to come by and say
hello but but anyway oh boy no this is good they wouldn't leave you sitting there and a guy comes
over and says hi nil how you doing i wasn't paying much attention because a lot of people do that
and i said you have great and he says i'm Jim Morris and he shakes my hand now this is a kid that
i grew up with i hadn't seen him in twenty seven years and he and his wife were out there yesterday
and i hadn't seen them in twenty seven years he's a doctor at Bennett hospital in plantation
wow and they've got four beautiful kids his wife of course pulled all the pictures out
that's neat that's great i gave him my phone number and they live in plantation we're almost like
neighbors wow is it not exciting it is exciting and it only cost me what a few hundred dollars to do
that yesterday so that wasn't bad no seriously it really you know i've talked a lot about going to
class reunions yeah and my gonna go 30th reunion is coming up in 1990 i know you're gonna
can and they will academy in upstate New York and i'm gonna go yeah well i went to my 20 because my
friend i hadn't seen in twenty seven years and to be honest with you he looks basically the same now
as you did then a little older of course but uh looks the same yeah they do i went to my 20th
last year it was great i had a wonderful time in Lakeland what was it naivier yeah probably at
bush gardens yeah the only guy in all of South Florida that has his class reunion of the paratrooper
but to write they look the same basically yeah yeah it was one i had a good time that was good
positive out of all the negative things that happened yesterday what goes to my vacation was fine
up until yesterday and other than that experience and running into them other than that yesterday
was an unmitigated disaster highlighted a course by the call from Bob Lasseter what a day in fact if
i had it here i would give Bob's home number out on the air so everybody could call up say cheap
Bob what's this we hear you're getting fired what is that rumor all about Bob
they can call them wfla yeah wfla we can get the call in lines find out what time he's on sure
what a depressing guy he really is he is so depressing oh Bob we love you so much we love being
depressed together okay let's take a call from a date county here see i never
heard a bunch of four for some reason hello i know see there's the reason no just kidding go
ahead sir this is Bob yeah you doing Bobie i thought you were going bye bye Bobie uh listen uh
glad i heard you on apology this guy messed up okay what did he do our buddy Bobby messed up what
did he do he'll tell you no i don't plan on apology because he was going to give me some dolphin tickets
and by the time i got to the station it was too late and the gates were closed and everything's
turned back try apologize for now making it on time glad you know how many people one of those tickets
right no i apologize wait a minute wait a minute you mean for the bills game yeah
pridey nine i apologize to those people too do you know when i was up north the press in buffalo
was attacking the bills with such tenacity i mean they were going crazy they're having a nervous
breakdown up there they can't write enough bad things about how bad the bills are so i don't want to
be you know mr negative but the fact that we destroyed the bills don't get too excited about that okay
it doesn't like the dolphins anyway well it's just that Bobby Bobby had never
been what did he just said he didn't like the dolphins but he had never been to a football game
in person so we had some extra tickets to the game Friday night so i gave him the Bobby because
he's been here why did you give him the Bobby because he's helped us out what is it that you and Bobby
have been doing the we don't know about come on Neil get up is there something going on here that we
don't know about well i don't know maybe oh okay so how was your trip nervous laughter Bobby how was
your trip well the only thing we want my trip was fine we want to know about your girlfriend and if
it's all i earned out yeah that's i'm not the parents that are going at it the parents they're going
at it they're upset yeah everybody is so i advise Bobby to go eat lope well almost dead i think maybe
Bobby and Carlos could he lope together stop all the time all their woman comes yeah there he
goes again he's promoting you know what i'm there he's promoting it does your girlfriend listen
to the show go back to work does she listen oh good you hear what he said yeah no okay Bobby nice
to hear from you take it easy Bobby he's okay i know he'll be all right he will be why do you
say those things why do you say these insipid got all these ridiculous lines that you come up with
uh everything's just fine everything is fine that's just everything is great i do that because it
drives you craze drives everybody not that's why i do it the reason that most people find you so
offensive and vulgar and grotesque and disgusting and subhuman look at those lines boy there
several lines are not lit and if you think i'm going to give these numbers out again boy you're
dreaming it says you were so incipit last week and kept by the way i noticed when sonsky was on
and i did hear a good part of that show you were not cackling it's only on this show that he cackels
have you noticed that he didn't cackel on his own show and speaking of his own show i heard
that cart that we were playing at the beginning of each hour it's the glen hill show and i thought
she i go away for ten days and all of a sudden the name of my show changes it used to be the
neal rodger show but here comes the tea lady with the it's the glen hill show nothing to worry about
nothing to worry about that's for danisher uh braward hello how you doing Neil okay what's up
oh you're absolutely right about davirian the bird it was terminal i was i didn't even hear it
i turned on jeth charles i was just one and only caller for that that is getting desperate it was
just awful and i can't believe the glenda gave away the bifurl here i am up for buffalo i've been a
buffalo bill fan for the last fifteen years now this is one of the afl title back in the six this
is why he's really want to say i'm just going to get on the line and what happens it gives it
away to his little friend this must be the guy's going to vote for yeah you're the guy that's
going to vote for jackie camp up yeah that's right i mean you know i'm a guy my ghost fan from all
the way wise really how soon they forget derel them onica oh didn't that's the truth derel them
onica the juke years it was great yeah but we're still we're struggling through with jim calie and
the rest of those bombs up there now so we just we're just i'll tell you one thing the media up
there is not just hostile their hysterical they're foaming at them out they're ready to have a
lynch mob attack the team i know i went up there not too long ago my my my sister-in-law runs a
yeah runs a restaurant up there the bills come over to all the time and they've been bill fans for
years they just it's just you know after you go four and ten like or four and twelve like six seven
years and a row you know i mean well there's no hope left in fact the rumor going around buffalo
is that they don't want to take any credit for them they're going to start calling them the orchard
park bills that's right that they wanted to call them the orchard park bills for a long time now
yeah and then it'll be the Fredonia new york bills well we got the hanglewood or something ram now
so it's it's all falls into place yeah great to have your back meal don't go away anytime soon
because we can't stand the bird okay thank you all right good taste excellent choice
and great taste in contemporary talk date county hello
temporary talk hello hello yeah hold on a second all right okay here's a guy with a speaker phone
listening to his radio in the time tunnel all together hello yeah yeah how are you doing what kind
of a phone are you on what kind of phone let me say
okay
or cheer doesn't sound like it the me it sounds like it's catchy and i think it's about on its last
leg i don't know if it's true about that but it put it in your microwave for about two minutes on
high and high yeah i just kidding well i can't help it when i get some more money out by a new phone
okay all right so how was your trip great you know everyone missed it and i don't know about
i think the people that replaced they should have played repeat the rand culture i'm glad you
mentioned by the way about repeats because i heard an ugly rumor from somebody in this room the
other day that during christmas week we've been gathering all of these hours the best of nia that
we were going to play yeah i heard and then there was some comment that i heard the other day
but we're having a problem with that what is the problem because a lot of the material that's on
those tapes is dated is one that's not dated it's not allowed to be played anymore you know because
of Gilbertson and so forth so we have a question of whether we can play them or not we have to go
back and check them does he actually we have to censor those hours well on if the asshole record got
on a year once during christmas week somebody to have a nervous breaks out it's not that it's not
that we went out to that degree it's not my we that's subservient are we that nervous are we that
frightened for our jobs yeah yeah yeah on bully is it incredible sir
spinelessness and gutlessness yeah well that's all i heard that also so they were talking about that you
know yeah we have a new slogan it's called wimp with success
and what's that supposed to mean is that you're cutting yourself down yeah is it Glenn i'm not sure
what you took a shot at yourself or at the gargoyne not at me
all right guys pretty good i like that laugh yeah yeah you like my laugh yes stand by sir you could
you could have a job within a few days yeah oh no i give what would you do with just card it and we
just you know the real teach yeah you get yeah you get residuals yeah like the arachid rebels did
on wild weekend yeah say by the way anybody out there who wants to call she tomorrow and ask joy
pinto how come the why the arachid rebels not you never got a dime for that record i'd be
interested in the answer of that you the corner artist yeah exactly because i have
frankly the last time i've been listening to it he's pretty exciting he gives this big build up like
he's going to do something funny and then it's not funny you know you listen for like 10 minutes
and you think something hysterical is coming up and then it's just uh you know we play
somebody blowing gas or something and that's it well he should have said you know instead of being
i don't want to say farting i know i know what's that no problem um let me let me ask you a question
yes how old are you i'm 22 old enough to know better
sounds so enthusiastic all of the other colors have been all of the other colors have been all of the
other colors have been all of the other colors have been all of the other colors have been kind of
palmito as well yeah something that uh Joey never you know just this people have that out from
somewhere else you know they just they're probably you know what they are i'll tell you what it is
you know no one knows your back in town except the people written the Joey show and then the
colors today some people that used to listen to you they're yeah one other people are uh
listening to sandy now yeah right on their mobile phones well listen have a wonderful life
and stand by we may call on you one of these days soon all right we're here now okay
stay for better plans all right okay see you later
alan box was a normal man with a wife children a summer home in opalaka and a chain of
radio stations well normal that is until just three weeks ago
hi honey how was your day unbelievable terminal there's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there
alan box is suffering from Neil Rogers disease have you canceled the Miami herald yet
but honey we don't subscribe to the herald oh no that's a cop out what kind of a lame excuse is that
just say no to l herald sir huh people afflicted with Neil Rogers disease have lost the ability to
communicate like normal human beings what's the matter with you blue hair don't bags from fembroke pines
you know the Yen fence who say all Neil how can you say those nasty things running around stealing
sweet and low can i get you anything how about those bag boys at windixi you know it doesn't hurt the
look incredible Neil Rogers disease a growing south florida epidemic please help us find a cure honey
it's Friday night you know what that mean hey you know what i got a knife a knife what's leaf
Iler got three points something send your tax deductible contributions today in carob hot 105
terminal unbelievable what is that their format he's talking about only kidding now don't get
sensitive over there don't get sensitive a lot of people on fm in this market get very sensitive
yeah like some of the other way to this ball that was incredible this morning what what
I'm oh boy they have that look of panic here panic you know especially first day back from vacation
and they see me walking through the fm at about a quarter to ten panic in the studio
I mean Jean cashman pressed that button in the turntable cranked up from 16 to 78 rpm she was
spinning around like a draital it was incredible Peter was not smiling no you know they were
very nervous in the atrium running around he was not smiling and he had nothing to worry about
for least another week his gear went off to anaheim to some convention out there to some Mickey Mouse
convention and anaheim and there's nothing to worry about and maybe what it is with him out of town
we're not going to make the format change for least another week so what are they concerned about
they've got at least a week security which is more than most people in this business have
like an iod they have week security wak maybe they're going to change your call it
is wouldn't that be a great call for that station wak weak radio
terrible shame on you shame on you dade county hello
oh I know there's somebody there hello yes see I know it I could tell you I could feel your presence
yeah yeah I'm still waiting for the return of circus boys the television program
hey go ahead with the uh Mickey Dolan curry yellow fonti somebody yes rift and go on
on the oh yeah number one glad to have you back uh number two I would like to see if you could
give a plug to the rallies it's going to be going on down it uh uh to the sky uh you know you're so
young i'm sitting here always waiting for Kyle to answer the phone now Kyle is not answering the
phone today because we don't want to you know get him off on the wrong foot but anyway I was
unprepared because you know i was sitting here watching somebody cross the street I think it was a
Pope uh advisor anyway did he have a dress on uh yes but it's not white and did he have a young
altar boy at his side blonde you have them one a brunette okay that's a nice one kind of a backup
if you pardon that expression all i'd like you go with that okay i want to know if you would give
us some information that the rally that's going to be held at the Copernicus Plaza uh the rally for
life and that the sky of station will be open for disembarkment to the rally at Copernicus Plaza
disembarkment boy that's a great term isn't it i spend a lot of time at uh the excommunication
i spend a lot of time at the world okay i'll let you do listen uh i just want to get that across
my previous station to call but uh the rally will be on schedule five to nine uh and it's going
to be with your good friend bocun oh yeah you noticed i didn't say that until after oh until
after you got it all out yeah but no seriously on a serious note what is he gonna be doing there
dressing up like the pope you're gonna have a dress on i think there's gonna be a lot of us down
doing that but that's a serious place there'll be a lot of guys with must a little mustaches and
dresses on that ought to be real interesting not mine Neil you know it's just you know for your own
take care of your own i listen i'm very glad you're back what do you mean my own do i have to take
credit for all those clones that are going to be down there with their dresses on come on well you
know there's you know you know i see a lot of straight guys and no offense plan but i see a lot of
great guys to get gay guys like me at that time because they're so wimpy yeah that's true
you know what i mean well either they're very they're very wimpy or they're putting on a good act
one of the other i mean say i listen thank you for loving me say that and i'm very happy you're back
okay give Bob a big kiss for me i'm the cheek only okay it's 12 minutes before noon at
wion's you were gonna take another break here in spite of what those rumors are in Tampa good and if
anybody out there has lancetors home number because i left at the home please call in immediately
keep on away and you'll be around probably i'll be not it
i wouldn't go out with you he's the thing that just for a very nice
my boyfriend back and you're gonna be in trouble
you've been training itself that i was untrue
to look out now baby because he's coming out to you
and i
think of what you've been trying
this is a little bit can you
want
these lancons such a long time
but now he's back and think they'll be divine
you're gonna be sorry you were ever born
you're gonna be
now if i wasn't cheating
you're gonna take a beating you're a bit boy now but you'll catch you down the
bar
i hate you i hate you and all you're just think of a life
my boyfriend back you've been saved my reputation
so why don't you be like yesterday on your permanent vacation
i can see him coming
i can see really better get in your d-tip and start running
you're a big boy now but it'll catch you down the side
because like me he's got your guts and all your hateful eyes
my boyfriend back just gonna be such a lot of trouble
you know
you come quickly after all
I don't feel like a human being.
I mean, we just had to send from the Pope Information Center
to Metro Dade.
The Pope is going to be on Friday morning at 10 a.m. viewing.
What are you laughing about?
I haven't even said he's going to be screening a private showing
with Archbishop McCarthy in Mon senior Walsh of Jeff Stryker
in Power Tool.
I was laughing because I knew what was coming.
So to speak, Dade County, hello.
Nailed thing.
Speaking.
This is Nailed.
Yes, it is.
Oh, all right.
Turn that radio off.
Okay, okay.
I'm that thing about Tom Jacob that you said you heard him
with Sam Geisen.
I didn't say I heard him.
I heard that he was going to be on.
Was that on tape?
Yeah.
Oh, I think he's back tomorrow.
I told you he's coming back.
I remember.
He was when he was what?
He was saying all kinds of Aussies things about you.
Sam Geisen, the guy with a false teeth?
Yep.
Unbelievable.
It was, I got on the phone at least.
A lot of me, ten minutes of intelligence conversation with him.
Wow.
You mean Tom wasn't defending me?
Tom was on the fence.
That's the saying was fencing with Geisen.
Geisen pulled from a pretty good verbiage, I guess.
Yeah.
Well, that's a good station, I'll tell you.
Well, I know there was nothing else on the radio.
It could believe me that I was desperate listening to that one.
Yeah, well, I'm glad you could pick it up.
Well, there is my list of tools because the second thing I heard of this month was Neil Rogers.
Yeah, well, that's good.
And your dirtyness.
I always loved Sam.
I'm glad to back during...
She clean up his beard a little bit.
Or any other way.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Sam Geisen is picking on me now too.
Well, you really read that.
By the way, the article by Aaron Sachs, because somebody else sent a copy to me was in the
Broward Review.
Oh.
Okay.
All right.
Just get it straight.
I'm working on it.
Get the information right with Hank Ron again for just absolutely profusely tinkling all over my shoes.
Broward, hello.
So, Neil.
Yeah.
Here's Neil.
Yes, it is.
Well, see what?
Welcome back.
You were well missed.
I'm sitting here working on this political cartoon.
I just want to invite your input.
Who is this, Tom Wright?
Hello.
Neil.
Now, I'm sitting here looking at this...
It's almost finished, but I wanted to share with you because you may have some dynamite input that would help it.
Yeah.
The background is the shoe line for the early bird of the rest, perhaps.
And standing at your attention is focused on three individuals.
And one of them is a pope.
The second one is leaf-hour.
Kind of with the shoulder turns, you know, counting his cash to make sure he's going to let you have that goes.
Yeah.
And the third person is Ron Jaworski.
Now, the caption reads,
leaf-hour takes two pulls at the same time.
That's not bad.
Well, I'm not going to make t-shirts, but I thought that, you know, you can be healthy and make it any better.
No, that's perfect.
Good, then let's enjoy the week and stay off the street, man.
Okay.
Can I be a zoo?
Okay, see you later.
Yeah.
You know, the time up the town for two whole days for a guy in a dress, I keep saying that, but it's just incredible.
I mean, if a guy came into your neighborhood running around with a dress and a beanie on, you'd call a cop.
They'd arrest him immediately, right?
Probably.
There was a guy on the sun set, for example, running around with a dress on and a beanie.
Well, and waving a spear, you know, unbelievable.
You'd think that either he was a metal case or he was on his way to a Santa Rhea ritual in West Highly.
Yeah, one of the other.
And the question about it.
And I'd point him in the direction of Highly.
Okay.
Well, you've been waiting for this for seven weeks.
Seven weeks to go today.
On a Tuesday, no less.
You started this movie review and we're going to finish it.
Well, we start on this radio station.
We finish.
Right.
That's what Bob Gilbertson said.
You're all finished.
But unfortunately, it's time for the news.
Is it unfortunate?
Got a lot of those sick queens out there.
Boy, they just, every time they hear that music, they start with that river phoenix crap again.
You know, this little kiddie's about six years old.
A lot of these pedorists in this audience did Fred Schatz address any of that when he was here?
I mean, try to straighten some of those people out.
So we talked about foot fetishes, but he didn't talk about petrophilia or pedophilia.
Petrophilia.
That's fear of petroleum.
Yeah, exactly.
Those are people who are afraid to pick the pedals on Daisy.
Right.
Right.
Or other restorative flowers, which we'll mention in the next hour.
Mike Wolf is back with the headlines.
CBS has the prestigious world news at the top of the hour, minus the whirlpool spot.
And we'll come back in 12 o'clock.
Try to get people to talk about two radio stations after 10 o'clock in the morning.
12 o'clock at the W.I.M.C.
And Michael Jackson seems to be everywhere, isn't he?
He's on the cover of People's Week, which we just got in the mail.
And what was that other thing you were showing me about R and R,
or a favorite publication of Nobody Reads?
And when I was in Rochester, there were all these articles because the album had just come out.
Yeah.
In fact, all the stations in Detroit were playing it and claiming to be the first ones playing it.
Right.
And the questions in the articles were, in fact, every article said basically the same thing.
The album is good, but what about the way he looks?
Yeah.
What about the way he looks?
He looks like a mannequin.
He doesn't look real.
And all the black kids in Rochester that they interviewed said we don't want to be identified with him because he looks a little too swishy for us.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Do you believe he's proposed to Elizabeth Taylor?
Have you heard that proposed what?
Marriage. Have you heard that proposed what, exactly?
What are they going to do? Rub their jewels together?
He has a shrine to her in his house. Did you hear that?
Really.
And he has a big screen TV that runs Elizabeth Taylor movies 24 hours a day.
Do you hear all that?
Well, he's in the bubble.
Yeah.
Well, he's in the tank with the oxyb with Michael Jackson glove.
And all it says in this two-page color full-color ad in Arnari,
all it says is bad Michael Jackson.
Yeah.
He'd be bad.
He'd be bad.
Yeah, he'd be bad.
I'd be bad.
Three words in the whole world.
I'd be real bad.
Yeah, the album's okay.
Is it?
Yeah.
It's not blurry.
Yeah, I've heard the title doesn't what?
What did he say?
No, I think that could have been actionable what he just said.
Don't you?
How'd you like to be the sidekick on a Joey Pinto show?
Oh, don't even kid about that.
Don't even joke around.
And you know the Pinto is like one step away from an Edsel.
Is that what they always said?
And I want to thank the people at the wave,
even though I haven't read it yet,
but look at that on the front cover with a big drawing or whatever that is.
Nice, so drawing.
Very nice.
Off the air with Neil Rogers.
And also the Pompano Ledger, man, we have made it.
We've made it.
Okay.
Screw the Harold and all these other nickel and dime publications.
Pompano Ledger.
But the Broward?
What was it?
The Pompano Ledger.
No, the other one first.
Oh, the Broward Review.
Yeah.
And now the Pompano Ledger lead editorial.
Shock Radio has an audience.
Ooh, I like that remembering Buddy.
It's a biography of Buddy Holly.
Yeah.
I'm going to play you somebody Holly on the stand major show today, by the way.
That'll be different.
That'll be the day.
Last week, Neil Rogers of WINC AM began battling with a listener from this area
who apparently disagrees with Roger Shock Radio format.
Thank you, Charlie.
I hate me.
I hear what Canada did this morning.
Are you here with Rick and Sidesdale?
Are you here with Duelogit?
Rogers claimed that the listeners had formed a group that contacted WINC's advertisers
and urged them to stop supporting the program.
If the protester believed that the Neil Rogers program is juvenile,
scatter logical, leering, and dripping with sexual innuendo, we agree.
On the other hand, tens, if not hundreds of thousands, choose to listen in.
And the simple fact is Rogers is dominating the radio business with his approach.
You may find it ugly or wonderful.
That is your right.
It is also Rogers' right to continue, and it is a right that must be protected
regardless of personal preference.
Makes sense.
What the hell are you doing over there just opening the mail?
Like a frantic animal.
The desire to dominate and control the thinking of others is an all-too-common human failing.
In the 1950s, this nation went through an ugly period of McCarthyism
that left a stain on the noble efforts of a generation that risked all to fight Nazism.
In the 1980s, more subtle efforts by anti-war interests to suppress films
that deal with the treatment of POWs by America's enemies in Vietnam
has stained the efforts of those legitimately opposed to war and national violence.
The founders of this nation wisely allowed for divergent beliefs, opinions, attitudes, and philosophies,
they clearly understood that majority rule could easily become enslavement of the minority.
Such suppression would inevitably breed revolution under the destruction of the American democratic experiment.
Under our system, the best yet devised by our tumultuous species, species, species, it is important.
What are you doing over there?
The man is just totally in a dream world.
I could throw any word in here and it doesn't make any difference.
I'm listening to every word you say.
I could have said it's a good time for the great pace.
I'm listening to every word you say.
The best yet devised by our tumultuous species, it is important to remember that the opinions of others need not be honored
but they must be protected from those seeking to silence them if we are to continue as a free nation.
I agree.
From the pompano ledger.
I heard your word.
Excellent.
Look at this letter I got and be sure to read the last thing in it.
The word Lynn, Tampa Radio Talk News, WPLP.
David Fowler is described as a manic depressive but is considered very nice.
Jack Wheeler receives a lot of negative comments.
Rick Marin, who's summarized to him as moron, is the new kid on the block replacing Bob Lasseter.
Joey Reynolds is playing the I-95 song on WSHG.
He's playing the I-95 asshole record?
I also heard he was playing the Beach Boys LA but I have not heard either one of those.
How can he do that?
I don't know.
But that's what we had a caller say that to us last week.
And now we get a letter that says he's playing the I-95 song.
I don't know.
Just reports.
Well, we took our daddy's phone up and we headed for the Hollywood freeway.
But we hit a lot of traffic and got stuck in a two-hour delay.
So we pulled out our pistols and we dealt with the traffic in a new way.
We used our guns, guns, guns when we're driving down the streets of the lane.
We're driving down the streets of the lane.
And when I drive around I go out shooting people's dead.
I come back late at night with my fingers all splattered red.
And we all underline the most.
It's the middle.
And I'm driving on the floor.
I want to shoot a Honda blast to bat off of the road.
With my handgun shoot, shoot, a Honda.
Shoot, shoot, shoot, a Honda.
Shoot, a Honda, yeah.
blast it off of the road.
This everybody had a man, all across the lane.
It all be pulling their guns out on the old freeway.
It's be firing a few weeks.
For some share of the lanes.
Everybody's going crazy.
Driving in a lane.
I think you're fired.
Do I know Jerry Clifton?
Yeah. No.
Do you know Jerry Clifton?
Yeah. Obviously.
It's be the PD of 96X.
Who cares?
What about him?
He just saw his picture here with, you know Buzz Bennett?
Yeah.
Buzz looks like he's been buzzed a few times too many years ago.
Yeah. Looks like he's been hanging around with Roby Young.
Yeah. What about him?
This is the audience care about these in things.
All of these radio people have nobody ever heard of before.
Nobody wants to hear of?
Yeah.
Okay.
Dave County. Hello.
Hi. How are you?
Is it clear?
Yes sir.
Hi. I'm a six time caller.
You know I'm nervous.
Okay.
Okay.
Anyway.
How was your trip?
Okay.
Oh, that's great.
Oh, anyway. I wanted to tell you.
My ex-wife did look like the Pope.
Does that make any sense?
I was her dress as big as his was.
I think it was a loose shorter.
Okay.
Anyway, the other day I was going down this came Boulevard, right?
And I ran into his, uh, the square.
Am I allowed to say that?
No.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
I guess you must have been full.
Anyway, look.
You have a good matchman talking about that.
That non-sequitance.
That's great.
I'll see you around, Neil.
Okay. Thanks a lot, Tom.
There's Tom Likis calling in from Phoenix.
Let's go to a Broward.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Good to have you back.
Thank you so much.
I know you're depressed this day with hearing from the last day and, uh, going to call
you everything, but there was a group.
There was more depressed than you, Saturday.
Who's that?
The Gator fans.
Good.
Good.
Uh, say, we were at the game.
We were having a good time.
That's where I'll mind me, people.
And about eight minutes ago, they were all leaving the stadium.
And they were at the press group.
Really?
Yes.
And really, really so bad for them.
Well, anybody from Gainesville or anybody who spent, you know, more than ten days in Gainesville
deserves what they get, you know?
It's because they can't go on paint guys 100,000 a year to play football in college.
What can I tell you?
I'll tell you.
You know, the brown teeth and all, you know, it was a good fun shoot.
I just just put you back to the seat up there.
You bet.
They were really cocky before.
Did you say that?
No.
Oh, okay.
But, uh, it feels a lot of fun.
So, I know you're depressionist, but you couldn't compare it to theirs.
I know you're wrong.
I know you're wrong.
I mean, to plunge your brains out and call her to just, and then to get beaten up by, by a nostril.
Yeah.
It was great perfect and have some listener who doesn't know a horse from a donkey.
He would have been on the lead pony if they would have put a number on it.
And a guy comes up and he caches the trifecta in the same race for $1,100.
Well, I was a coller about, oh, the first week or so of August.
Last time I was down there, I've been there in two years.
Yeah.
So, I decided what the heck.
I don't know the horses, but decided to bet everything in lower pain or road.
Oh, boy.
And she was hot that day.
Really?
She was hot.
That was the day, yeah.
I bet, I think, for a combination she was on.
What did she do right them all in the front, about 10 lengths in front?
No, no, no.
Hang on for desperation.
She came from behind.
She was whipping the heck out of those horses coming to the stretch.
Really?
I was really surprised and she made me happy that day.
That's for sure.
Laurie made you happy.
Well, we don't want to get out of that, sir, but...
Okay, Neil, good having you back.
Thanks a lot.
Now, call her is my favorite track.
I love it out there.
I love the ambiance and the food and Martha up there and Jimmy at the ice cream stand.
All my good friends at Coulter, but they'll have to understand that...
It's audio.
In fact, I wrote on my program yesterday, I showed it to Bill Coulter.
I wrote the audio handicap over the last race.
And it was, believe me.
In fact, Baldazar and the One Horse, they bet him down in the double, something fierce.
And he's still running.
Chuck is still running.
I guess he only tries hard on Sunday because he's born again.
Now he got religion.
And he rides for the Lord on Sunday, but never on a Monday, never on Labor Day.
And the only race where he even came close to getting arrested was that one race where he beat me.
I don't want to keep mentioning it again again, but beat Mike Gonzalez by a nose...
16th of a day.
For a second, it had to be a 410 perfect day.
It had to be.
Couldn't possibly miss.
And it did.
And the Lord heard Chuck's prayer on the rail there in the deep stretch.
And he... unbelievable.
And Michael Lee, I don't want to dwell on it, Michael, but to get serious, take up a real profession.
Go do something honest.
Broward, hello.
Neil?
Yeah.
So tell me, where can I get the best bagels?
Yeah, we're going to do that for Moon to 2, I think.
And Bill?
And Bill, are you trying to euthanize all your loyal listeners?
What have I got to do with it?
My God!
As a matter of fact, I was in the car listening Sunday when he was taking his poll.
And I was frantically trying to find a pay phone so I could call in and vote for him.
I couldn't find one.
Unbelievable.
They don't have any phones at the track.
No.
Neil, one thing, and then I got to go.
Okay.
Did you hear that IBM has a new typewriter, the presidential selectric?
You know what its features are?
Go ahead, sir.
It has no memory and no colon.
Not bad.
I'll tell I went to the Pope when we see him on Thursday.
Okay, Neil.
See ya.
Thank you.
That's a good connection on that line, wasn't it?
Mm-hmm.
I was that because of the new phone system?
No.
Punch that up again.
Now, what is it, 71?
Mm-hmm.
I like this.
This is a lot of fun.
Drive him crazy out there in the A3O.
It's too bad we don't have reverb.
We could do an old echo chamber.
Hi, Nell.
Are they using that synthesizer?
Has it a cloney FM?
I don't know.
Did it click in?
I don't think so.
Let me try it again.
Try it again.
Come on.
Did they unhook it already?
They unhook it already?
What do you mean they unhooked it?
Here comes a message.
Yes, you are on.
Oh, it's working now.
It doesn't do anything.
You're on.
Bob Gilbertson, please report to AM Control.
Bob Gilbertson, please report immediately.
That's good.
I like that.
That thing is fun.
That was great.
We can use that.
We can have a good audience out there in the A3O.
We've got a whole lot of people work here.
I like the fact that you were on and we didn't know.
Let me put that a different way.
We've got a lot of people on the payroll here.
Let's not get carried away.
22 past noon at WINZ.
I'm Joey Pinto and we'll come back right after this.
Hello.
This is Michael Jackson.
Urgent you to help stop the spread of social disease.
Don't risk your life by having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar coins.
I urge you to do like I do.
Go it alone.
But make sure you wear protection.
That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson glove.
Worn on either hand, the Michael Jackson glove adds the security and peace of mind that I need to do it myself.
So remember, before you pour it out, put it on and...
The Michael Jackson glove.
Proving once again that a bird in the hand is better than one in the bush.
A better than sequin models for extra stimulation.
That's the kind of stuff that we strive for.
We spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to try and make that happen.
Okay, 25 past noon.
That's why you don't see too many of the gloves around town are pretty expensive, right?
Mm-hmm.
Unbelievable.
Anyway, the wave was very kind and I thank them for all the nice things they didn't.
They quoted me accurately evidently and they never stole a freight train.
So congratulations to them.
And you know, I was thinking about Michael Jackson.
Would you ever want to run into him in a dark alley?
Me.
No.
No.
That could be our poll question in the one o'clock hour.
Would you want to run into Michael in a dark alley?
No, we need to take more polls.
The city is going through withdrawals.
He'd be bad.
Since leaves.
He'd be real bad.
Especially with that new leather look.
Yeah.
I'm going to get a little kinkier as each day goes by.
You know what I'm saying?
I've got a few more studs as each day goes by.
Let's go to Broward.
Hello.
Hello.
Is there someone there?
Can you tell?
No.
Nobody there.
I can tell.
Can you tell?
No.
Not yet.
Put you up on that phone.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
Neil, have the policy be told you you can't pick on the Pope?
No.
How come you're doing it?
You only got a couple days.
I was hoping for a medley of the greatest hits.
Tom, layer of Vatican, Reagan, all.
You want us to pick on the Pope?
Oh.
On the Holy Father?
I know.
That's all we hear.
What kind of degenerate are you?
I'm pretty degenerate, Neil.
I got to admit it.
Shame on you.
Don't you understand that the very least you'll spend ten years in purgatory
if you keep this kind of talka?
I'm willing.
For a good laugh today.
Okay.
I'm willing.
Yeah, for that.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's say they'll fix the ceremony again.
Well done.
You have enough energy, great.
All right. You think that he's gonna have a Sony Walkman
in the motorcade positive?
And the archbishop will give him a little nudge.
You know, a little elbow?
Yeah. A little friendly nudge.
Very touchy, you know, those priests.
They like to feel a little bit in touch.
And they'll say, wait till you listen to this, you know?
And then of course, you'll have all these terrible things
to say about me, the archbishop is usual.
But he gets off on this show.
He really does. He loves it.
There's another copy of the Miami Review.
You're right.
It's in both the Broward Review and the Miami Review.
So I have been exonerated.
Boy, we apologize.
Thank you.
And take it back.
We retract everything we said about you
and then multiplied by 10.
Everything?
Almost.
Ooh, look at that.
I got two of them punched down at the same time.
Great. You think that'll work?
Sure.
No.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes?
Roger.
Hello.
Hello.
It's you.
I know.
So, yes.
I know.
Welcome back. Good to hear you.
Thank you.
You know why you lost it to track?
Why is that?
No one had called you to tell you that last Wednesday.
And somebody had called in the state
told the wee person with you the other day on the phone.
I was listening that they had a month
being you speaking on the telephone on the radio.
On the other some other radio stations.
Yeah.
And he was given a host speak about the Pope being in town
and to give people, and he said in God,
even to give Neil Rogers, that's the truth.
You asked for an about it.
I never heard it.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Really?
Why?
Everybody heard it.
People were calling from all over.
My friends called me and then
heard people calling the state because they spoke to Glenn.
He was asking about it and talk about it.
It was the funniest thing I heard.
Well, and you lost.
OK.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Sort of like I don't know where she was.
It was like a semi-tunnel kind of.
It was good.
Yeah.
It was building to a crescendo.
I liked it a lot.
Broward County.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is Tim's partner.
I was calling about, you said John, 316, you were wondering about.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that's the same guy on every sports show.
On every, um, well, he sure gets, yeah.
He sure gets around.
I'll tell you that.
Yeah, that's the same guy.
He pays for his own way everywhere.
He was even an East Lansing the other day.
He was at the Michigan State, U.S.
Seagame, wasn't he?
Yeah, he goes all of the country wherever it's on TV.
And he wears that weird wig.
Oh, he does?
With all the color.
I probably got rid of that wig.
Oh, I thought that was Howard Cossell.
Oh, no.
Hey, you got rid of the wig.
I think he was, uh, Jesus, straight from back to the woodstock.
Or Jim McKay, maybe.
Yeah.
Besides, I wanted to clear that up.
I didn't know if he knew it was the same guy.
Bob, you sure have straightened me up.
Oh, OK.
Well, anyway, good to have you back.
Thank you.
All right, Bob.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Look at this.
Terry is at the brick oven and wants to know if, well, you see, the only problem with
that is if she gets back like in the next hour, that would be great.
But if she gets back at about four this afternoon, we'll all be gone.
Yeah.
She brought back a couple of those nice little pies.
That would be nice.
It would be wonderful.
Wouldn't that be great?
Yeah.
And maybe a few bagels.
Well, we got a few of those stale bagels from the freezer while we're waiting.
You go open that.
No, thanks.
Smells like bagels.
El Paso.
All right.
You're going to have to give the numbers out.
Now, that's several lines that are not ringing during this new now.
That's all the things.
You know, I go away for 10 days and you come back and they have a bit all that enthusiastic.
They it's like they're waiting for something like they're waiting for the show to start.
This is it.
This is it.
What you hear is what you get.
There they go.
Well, they're just like they're like puppets on a string, aren't they?
And I have held their hand like Mary Annette for 10 days.
I've held their hand.
I've assured them.
Well, they better wash with with no.
What was that soap like pumice?
What was that disgusting soap?
Was it lava?
Lava.
Ooh.
L-A-V-A.
It's like washing your hands with a rock exactly.
I understand that Rick Weaver bathes with lava.
And you never get any suds off of it.
That's the problem, you know.
It's people that are extra dirty like your hands like a mechanic who works on a car.
Oh, yeah.
It's perfect for Rick Weaver.
Yeah.
It'll get all that grease and oil.
It'll land or it'll all happen.
Yeah.
That's who it's for.
Like if you have like ashes like I do there on my hand right from the cigar.
They still make that I think, don't they?
Lava.
He needs goop.
Goop.
Yeah, I remember goop.
Yeah.
I don't remember that.
Yeah, they use it in garages.
Goop.
Yeah, right?
And where they...
That's true.
I have a great name for soap.
How about mung?
That's a perfect name.
When you're really dirty from head to toe, mung will get it all.
And you get Rick Weaver do the testimony all you know.
It'll be great to be mung.
Yeah.
He kind of looks like it.
Uh-huh.
Dade County.
Hello.
Dade County.
Yes, sir.
Are you in Dade County or is this just an ugly rumor?
Yes, sir.
Are you in Dade County?
Oh, I like the other one.
The radio is just right.
That's good.
Turn it way up here.
Yeah.
Turn that radio way up.
Hello.
Let me turn the radio up, okay?
Yeah, turn it on.
Okay.
We want a little trip into the sound tunnel here.
Come on.
I've had that today.
Oh, the wind's time tunnel would be good.
I don't know.
Good James Daron in there and Pat Boone maybe.
And uh, serious heavy duty waterless hand cleaner.
I don't know that one.
Go ahead, sir.
Speak to us.
Somebody call Ben at the call.
What a call this is.
A meeting at the uh, the sky.
Yeah.
They never left a number with that you can call.
Okay, well they'll call back and give it to us.
Good luck to you.
Bug off.
Oh, that's good.
That's great.
A trip into the WINZ time tunnel.
A trip into the WINZ time tunnel.
Ladies and gentlemen, finally, if we go back far enough, we'll hear Joey Pinto and WKBW
and Buffalo.
We can't go back that far.
1859 and you were there.
1859.
Dan Roberts, Dan Nevrith and Joey Reynolds together in stereo.
The band Joey Reynolds together in stereo.
They have stereo back there.
Yeah, I'm here to chill under.
I'm here to chill under.
How much of uh, I know that the board even loves me a lot.
Okay, we're doing great till they start with that stuff.
How much of the nine rating do you think we should attribute to the time tunnel?
Eight.
Dave County, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
This is a circuit boy.
That number is 856.
Boy, this guy, how did you get on so fast?
Huh?
How the hell did you get on?
All the lines were flashing.
I'm in my mobile car in my garage.
Oh, I see.
We haven't had many any mobile callers today at all.
856, 8378.
So is that what you like?
A straightaway.
Do you want to say it again?
856.
8378.
What is that?
Bob Quinn's home number?
No, no, no, no.
Come on.
You know, he's got a bad rap but the guys trying to do some good.
Oh, yeah.
Seriously.
Ask him when he's going to go out and get an honest job.
Uh, well, you know, if you really want to information about it, Neil, we're going to publish that in that other publication that you really hate to keep that he win.
That's my favorite newspaper.
He's going to get a full financial disclosure.
I've got news for you.
Since they sent me my glossies of Jason Gadrick.
Jason Gadrick and Tom Howell.
That's my favorite newspaper in America.
Hello?
Okay.
He almost, when he heard those two names he dropped over.
He went into a cold sweat.
Is Circus Boy the way you would like to be referred to?
Yeah, I think I'm going to get rid of the title, like Gay Blade.
Nobody seems to understand what that name is.
Yeah.
It's a 1926 car my grandfather told me about.
Sure.
Actually, it was a street guy that was very fashionable and very hip and very, you know, cool.
In the roaring 20s, right?
Exactly.
More the gay 90s.
Yeah.
Oh, either one step.
Yeah.
But anyway, that's 856-8378.
Anything, any information you need, please.
What is, is that Jeff Striker's number one?
Uh, Jeff Striker is on the phones now.
Oh, boy.
What?
Maybe surprise.
Well, this is okay.
Well, you better go grab it, sir.
Why you can't?
Broward, hello.
Yes, I'm talking to your rages.
Okay.
Who's calling, please?
I'm calling from Cluiston.
From where?
Cluiston?
Listen.
Okay, this is Neil.
I'm trying to confirm a rumor about this special people blessing.
Yeah.
They're all South Floridian.
You bet.
Call the Holy Euronation.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, can you confirm that or not?
Yes.
No matter.
No matter.
In fact, do you remember Billy Carter?
Yes.
Well, Thursday at high noon, the Pope is going to be doing his Billy Carter imitation right
at this guy.
I heard that this special blessing is going to be like a private showing.
And, uh, if you, uh, you know, you can handle it and all that.
You know, you can confirm it.
No, you can't handle it.
Well, I don't know.
Only those, only those altar boys who are especially blessed can handle it.
Hey, you know, I want to say one thing too.
I'm about Cluiston.
I went out and had supper last night.
And all these rest was up here.
Had some of the greatest meals.
I had a nice thick steak and a baked potato.
Would you have a little popsicle for dessert?
No, no.
They cover it with grits, about an each grits.
Oh, yeah.
That's good.
I love clasps.
What a hot cuisine they have up there.
Really?
Just, it's great.
Yeah, you know, we can't get grits like that here in Miami.
Well, I find out one thing.
If they taste like it, I think it's not too grits.
Well, it sounds like it.
Well, anyway, enjoy the show and, uh,
Are you really in Cluiston?
Yeah.
Well, between Cluiston and LaBelle.
And what are you doing there?
You're just on the road?
No, no, no, listen to the radio.
I listen to your show all the time.
And you live there?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Between Cluiston and LaBelle?
Yeah.
Oh, I tell you, it's a good thing we come in up there.
You'd be in a lot of trouble.
Yeah.
You make my day.
It's making better interest.
Yeah, better.
I bet it's required over there.
Yeah, very quiet.
Yeah, very nice.
Okay, we'll send the Monsignor Buoyin up to see you this weekend.
Okay.
We want to confirm it out here because everybody is excited about that.
Okay, well, get your Pope containers ready because, um,
You may be able to catch a specimen or two.
Thanks a lot.
21 before 1 at W.I.N.Z., why is everybody picking on the poor Pope?
Okay.
It's the businessman trying to make a living, you know, business is bad.
And he's just trying to sell a few trinkets and chachkis out there to make a few.
The church, that's all business is very bad.
They seem to be upset.
Yeah.
What the hell are they all upset about?
It's just like there is no difference in all this.
I mean, the polls are in, even from the religious pollsters like Gallup,
93% of the American Catholics think the Pope is full of it.
Okay.
I mean, forget it as far as all of the crap that he talks about,
but they still want to go see him.
It's like Elvis.
Is it?
It's just like Elvis all over again.
It's an older Elvis, yeah.
I never even thought about that.
I would not advise kissing that ring, but...
No.
Any circumstance.
Or anything else.
Exactly.
I'm sure we haven't heard from people in Miami, but I'm sure no one's upset about them, you know, shutting down the city.
How come we're not getting any comment about Michael Jackson and his appearance, which seems to be getting more bizarre?
We talked about...
I didn't think you could get any more bizarre than it was a couple of years ago.
I mean, when he did Thriller, you know, and he and Vincent Price were looking at each other with Gaga eyes in that video.
But I thought he was about as far gone as you could get, but he was very normal by comparison after what he is now.
I opened up the phones to talk about Michael on Tuesday.
His special was on last Monday night on CBS.
And if you'll excuse the expression, it petered out before noon.
And I opened up the phones at 10 o'clock.
No one cares, no one was interested.
But would you want to run into him in a dark alley, though?
That's my question.
No.
You sure?
Yeah.
Hello.
I'm Michael Jackson.
And I sold that Beatles song to Nike for lots of money.
But I still own dozens of great tunes by the Fab4.
And now I'm selling their mouth.
It has big tunnels when you're on the road.
Get yourself a quarter pounder prize and code.
The music that moved your generation in the 60s is ready to move your products in the 80s.
But he loves his own self this week and so am I can.
You can buy a pair of the 1995 dog food.
They're really bad.
But no alcohol tastes much better.
Remember to send it right from the gun.
To your eye.
What's that?
Why is he talking over all in a car?
If you're a company lacks originality and has no respect for classic music,
give me a call and sing.
I'll be in some time.
I know what is this part of a new routine now you just talk to the middle step on Michael Jackson.
I'm sorry.
Do you think you are Dick Perton that you can step on Michael Jackson?
I didn't know the mic was open.
Yeah.
I apologize.
Like I didn't know the gun was loaded.
Exactly.
And I apologize for that.
It won't happen again.
Good.
Now what was the question about Buddy Holly?
Buddy Holly.
No, I don't want that.
Buddy Holly was, he was okay.
It was only around for like a year or two.
I know.
I know.
What do you have?
That'll be the day Peggy Sue and Old Boy.
Those are the only three records I remember.
That'll be the day.
Yeah.
That's about it.
That's it.
Like Ritty Valens.
Here in La Bomba.
Yeah.
Then La Bomba and more La Bomba.
And La Bomba, La Bomba, La Bomba.
That's it.
Maybe one more.
And if you didn't like it the first time.
And the big bopper.
Shantilly Lace.
And what else?
That's it.
That's all I remember.
Well I remember as a little kid in diapers growing up listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW and
Bop-Bop-Bop-Bop.
Yeah.
Shantilly Lace by the big bopper.
I was just a little kid.
A little kid.
Howard Stern was just a little kid in those days too.
And of course Joey was on the radio with the beard, the whole business.
Mm-hmm.
Dave County, you say what?
Oh no.
It's Joey Reynolds.
Yeah, it sounds like it.
Don't start, sir.
It's Joey Reynolds.
Don't start, sir.
He's not going to speak to us all well.
Otherwise, ask.
Hello.
Broward.
Is there someone there?
You always tell nobody there.
Nobody there.
You always tell nobody there.
And then there's a line five.
There's never anybody on that line.
That's just the sort of a break between calls, right?
It's the segue line.
Yeah.
Hello, Broward.
Hello.
Yes.
Yeah, this is Jeff Stryker.
Was that a good imitation or what?
Yeah, that was very good.
You've evidently seen some of those movies, huh?
I've seen several.
Yes, we've talked about...
Okay, why you sound out of breath, sir.
It's the mobile phone.
Are you on a mobile phone?
I am indeed.
And is Jeff Stryker in the past in your seat?
Yeah.
In your credit.
First you get down on your knees,
that old with your rosaries.
Okay, a little advice from the pope there, from the holy father.
Well, when I'm on my knees, I don't fiddle with rosaries.
I'll bet.
You sound just like the types, sir.
Uh-huh.
Another one of those preverts.
I am.
And I'm proud of it.
Well, good for you.
So how was your vacation?
It was okay.
It was kind of quiet, you know.
Uh-huh.
A one enough money to bring back from New York State
to afford a deposited caulder and, you know,
trying to add to the wealth of the sunshine state.
Michael Jackson, he's gone over.
Over the limit.
Yeah.
He's a, I love his new chin.
Let me see that magazine again.
Where's people?
Uh-uh, you, you have people?
He's on the cover.
He's on the cover.
He was me.
Yeah, the new, um, what do they call it?
A cleft?
A cleft.
Yeah, I have a natural cleft.
He's still for me.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Uh-uh.
Yeah, he has all these little private operations.
He has them making incisions and little things in a strangeest places.
Yeah, there was an article in the Sun Sentinels.
A little blurb today, I think.
And about his publicity agent said that he's never had eye surgery,
but he has had the cleft put in his chin,
and he has had certain operations.
He admits certain operations and denies.
I hear he had a little cleft somewhere else in his body, too,
that we can't discuss on a year, because it's actionable.
But, um, the way I think, you know, I'm sitting here looking at this picture
on the front of people, I'm thinking, what a great role model he is for the youth of America today, isn't he?
Isn't he?
He has been for several years.
He's worth $3 billion, and he looks like Diana Ross and Dran, you know.
Yeah, he looks like his sister more than anything right now.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the, that's her name?
Janet, that's the most frequent comment I got when we talked about Michael.
And you notice we don't see Janet and Michael together anymore at all.
Have you never seen her?
Never.
And that was the most frequent comment.
They are the same person.
I am wouldn't doubt it.
Yeah.
No one.
No one can deny it.
So I guess you wouldn't want to run into Michael in a dark alley.
Yeah, he's not my type.
I'm running the gym.
Well, I would run into him very slowly and carefully if I were you.
It would have to be very slowly.
I would think so.
Yeah.
Well, listen, have a great day and keep it up.
Okay, well, squeeze Jeff's knee one time for me.
Okay, see you later.
Gee, here's a, what is that?
A button that says, go ahead, bless my day.
Wow.
Right.
Next to Clint Eastwood.
Carmel, California.
Go ahead, bless my day.
It's got a picture of the Pope and his hands up the air.
And he's waving and he's holding that the schmathy in the whole business.
Unbelievable.
Go ahead, bless my day.
Haha.
Haha.
Pope Eastwood.
Mm-hmm.
Incredible.
Well, listen, you know, times are tough and he got to make some money.
Business is bad.
See, they got a big, look at that.
Here's the Pope looking out the window.
And he's got that dress on.
That skirt.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
His designer has got to be the best, huh?
Haha.
Dave County, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
How are you, Neil?
Okay, how are you?
Why do you sound so depressed?
Oh, boy, you would be depressed after who this is.
Oh, no.
Go ahead, hang up.
It is.
It is.
I was afraid of that.
Straight from Israel to our hearts.
Yeah.
Go ahead, what's happened?
What happened?
It sounds like something, one of them must have dropped while he was on vacation.
He sounds an octave lower today, doesn't he?
Exactly.
I've been neutered.
How come you're not in school?
What do you mean school?
I graduated.
How come you're not in school?
What?
No, I range my classes at the University, according to your show.
How are you going to do, you know, great.
Which means he'll be on W-Width.
Well, we loved your last newsletter.
It was a classic.
Can I ask you two questions?
How come he's on the air here today, though?
Usually, what is this, a new routine now?
Yes.
What have you done?
Have you gone to reform school or something?
I'm not familiar to the rabbi.
I just give you good talking, though.
Oh, now that Lee has a...
In the hospital, he is giving me broadcast and lessons.
Yeah.
Life will never be the same again without Lee.
Don't forget to go to Peach's records and tapes and get Lee's new album.
Lee's greatest bowl.
That's coming out very soon, but I wanted to find out two things from you.
Are you sitting down, by the way, the speaker system is terrible.
Well, that's because we're on a speaker phone.
We're just doing this today to give Kyle a little vacation,
which is the only reason you've got on the air.
That's right.
We better believe that.
Don't knock it.
That's the only reason you've got on.
Okay, I will not knock it.
Well, he can turn down to the sink, can't he?
Yeah, he could cut you off, but he wouldn't do that yet.
And I know.
Yeah.
And I'd rip him.
Let me find out two things from you.
Yeah, I could do it, too.
I could turn you down real low.
Real low.
Like that.
Go ahead.
What is happening with Bill Calder?
Well, Bill is still doing the limbo rock, you know?
Do you see him being on the air somewhere over here?
I sure hope so.
I mean, I don't know what's going on.
I think maybe they could do it when the talkman stops having its fluke.
No, they're not.
They love it.
Don't you understand?
I keep telling him that.
He keeps looking at me and just with that quizzical look,
like how can it be?
And how can Bill McQueen be on the air?
And how can Craig...
Oh, well, now hold on now.
I'll tell these board ops be on here.
You're having a surprise for you coming up.
Okay, wait a minute.
Yeah, I, there it goes.
That's, hello.
That was the surprise.
That was the surprise.
That was great.
I must have been Dr. Heffernan.
No, I'm not.
I think I know that.
Well, no, don't check the other line.
Come on, we put you on the air today and you're going to check the other line.
Lee, don't you understand?
I have a length of an at three o'clock.
Let me find out another thing from you.
Now, supposedly, okay, you know Craig Anderson, right?
Yeah, the board op.
Okay, now Craig Anderson, unfortunately, made a big booboo the other day
by discussing with a Colin listener the AB book.
I mean, in depth.
I discussed the ratings on the year on the Isle of Drains.
This is the AB book.
Wow.
And, uh, I was dealing in depth saying, uh, when are you on?
Should I write you down, et cetera?
Oh, no, boy.
Oh, yeah.
But just by slight chance, I had that on tape.
Mm-hmm.
I was just like, if we could have some kind of party, I spoke to the...
Alright, wait a minute.
Let's do something special for Craig here.
For Mike Anthony in the entire Isle of Dream's format.
For Bill McQuig.
And for Mr. Alibi Ego.
It's 9900.
That's not right.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
I'm a bit afraid.
Right.
It's asterisk time.
Oh, ha-ha-ha.
Mike Miller does a little show.
He did a similar thing to look what happened to him.
Yeah.
Now, Mike Miller, before he left on June 18th, I have the letter right in front of me.
I can read it to you if you just take a second.
Listen to this, okay?
This is a letter they sent to Mike Anthony.
You listening?
You know what Mike Anthony said about me last week?
He what?
I know that the Zord even loves Neil Rogers.
Ha-ha-ha.
Yeah, he's a born again.
You betcha.
I hear he doesn't listen to his station either.
Well, I don't blame him.
He just goes by the research.
But let me read you this letter they sent to Mike Anthony.
This is the Amrister Anthony, the Arbitron Special Service Station Activities Committee.
He has completed a review of your response and other information regarding Mike Miller and his June 18 show.
We find no inherent violation of our guidelines.
Please note that there was apparently an air check tape regarding the conversation between Mike Miller and they call and listen to her.
However, one could not be produced by a report production deadline.
The deadline for complaints was June 25th and a resolution by July 12th.
Thank you for your cooperation, Nick Green, Special Special Activities Committee.
Now, unfortunately, I was just too slow in getting the tape in the mail.
But this time, would that mean that if I would put that tape in the mail, are you listening, Doug Young?
By the way, you know he called up Stan Major show the other day.
Doug Young did a crank call on the air.
Yeah, he called.
The WIOD Cox Broadcasting Producer was a crank caller.
You mean that holier than the company that would never do anything unethical?
That would never screw any of their employees?
Oh, come on.
Boy, Mike Anthony must be sore right now.
Wow.
But I know Doug will be sitting down for a week.
Probably.
No, he's out of town visiting his ailing grandmother or something.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
But now here's the story.
When is the summer book over with?
September 20th.
September 25th.
So there's something on that.
25th.
So that means that there's plenty of time for this tape to go into mail.
Of course.
Now if I ask Mike Anthony, now I consider like a present for Bill Caulder, Sandy Payton, Mike Milojeri Sullivan,
Stu Goldstein and all the other various people over there.
Cedarex, Cedarex, Cedarex, Cedarex, and he's screwy's.
What exactly would happen to them?
Well, instead of a one-two, they'd probably get a one-one.
No, but yeah, that'll already happen.
With an asterisk.
But not it'll be an asterisk, one-two.
They could've played it out with a certain FM station.
I don't want to mention the actors, but they could be nipping talk.
Oh, no, no, no, man.
They'd say that.
No, they're very nervous up there.
Oh, listen, it's really a great honor having you back.
I have a post for you.
I'll send it to you.
Okay.
Okay, see you later.
Bye.
Don't forget, look for the asterisk.
Okay, so you need for us to...
We're very calm down.
Yeah, we need for us to tell who that was.
No, okay.
Six minutes before 1 at WINZ, we'll come right back.
Are you kidding me?
We have more cheese cake than here today.
I can't believe it.
Incredible.
I wanted to eat about half of it up front.
Yeah, he was...
Oh, a little bit.
He was all over you.
Well, we don't want to get into that.
I got some KeeLime pie.
KeeLime pie, great.
I don't let me overeat this.
You know, just little bits and pieces, just little tidbits.
Not too much.
Slippers.
Are you eating any of this?
Oh, you might.
He's very picky about what he eats.
He won't eat most of what's brought in here, like the stale bagels the other day.
Wouldn't touch him.
This is not stale now, is it?
This is all fresh.
Freshes can be.
Great.
He's got a special cake for Stanley.
For Stan.
Oh, by the way, Stan Major almost forgot about him.
I have some good hate here for him.
Oh, good.
And Stan's special guest today will be Mark Bosley.
Wow.
The real Mark Bosley?
Is he going to do a Marlon Bailey impression?
Absolutely. I would let him get out of here without it.
Great.
The reason he's going to be here, of course, is because he does Don Johnson.
He's Don Johnson on Halendale Valleys.
And Mark's going to do his special Marlon Bailey impression.
He's going to do 20 minutes of excuses as to why he didn't bring any jackets with him.
I don't know to be great.
He said he's going to bring Stan and Miami Vice Jacket.
And I said, good, that's the only way he'll ever get one.
Yeah.
How do you enjoy your Miami Vice Jacket, by the way?
Oh, it's great.
I fantasize about it a lot.
It's the only way I get to see it.
Anyway, here's a picture of our listener in the Bahamas.
His name is Max.
He's got a great letter from Max.
He's a big fan.
He's a big fan.
He also sent us a 50 cent bill with a picture of a queen on it.
Yeah.
And he's got a little critique.
He says, I've got some comments on some of the present and past hosts and hostesses as in Twinkies.
Kathy West.
Ooh.
She was a very horny person.
From the way she spoke, she gave me a dangerous blank.
I don't want to, um, yeah.
A dangerous, yeah, I get it.
Direction.
I can say that.
I guess we just can't shot.
Says it.
Do you say that?
Do you talk about erections when he was here?
I'm saying on him.
Glenn Hill, the vulture.
Go ahead, I can handle it.
He has a very preposterous laugh, but in my opinion, he's okay.
Don't get rid of him.
Well, at least he's half right.
Stan Major.
You can put it right over there.
Thank you.
Stan Major, he's a low down scum of the earth, yellow belly, egg sucking, double crossing, two timing, cold blooded degenerate.
I like these guys with a right to the point, you know what I'm saying?
Cut through.
Exactly.
Get right.
And he says, we love you and freeport have a wonderful life.
Good job, Max.
Excellent.
Right to the point, right on target, too.
Very perspicacious.
Boy, there's Michael.
Look at Michael here.
Got his Michael Jackson glove on.
I can't believe that people would put this picture in here.
Look at that.
You know what I say?
He's in a dark alley.
Oh, I'm telling you.
I don't know why he's got a Michael Jackson glove because he ain't going to do anything with it.
You know what I'm saying?
There's nothing there, just like smooth.
You know, like Michael J. Fox.
Boy, is he really alive or is it just like a robot?
Is he like Max Headroom?
Yeah.
You know, I can't rule that out.
There's something strange there.
Yeah, I can't rule out.
They just changed the way he looks.
It's not like a facelift, but they're like different body parts.
They, you know, change from one spot to another.
Just, I wonder what body part that Clifton has changed used to be.
Okay.
You know, Michael reminds me that top 10 most sexy guys that we had a few years ago in Max Headroom
was like, yeah, seven.
But he'd be bad.
Okay, look at those day lines.
Couple of lines are not flashing now.
And that hurt when that happens.
Oh, that's beautiful.
What does that say?
A pineapple, cherry, blueberry cheesecake.
Am I right?
And strawberry.
Oh, I'm going to just say quad actor.
Excellent.
Well, let's think of you cause while we're getting ready to eat.
Broward County.
Hello.
Yeah, my own ear.
Sure sounds like it.
Yeah.
No, Michael Jackson.
Jeez, what a jerk.
I go to the Georgia Tech.
Okay.
Georgia Tech.
Yes, the guy.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Is this the rambling wreck from Georgia Tech?
Yes, it is.
Okay.
My name is Georgia P. Broward County.
Yes.
No.
You're Dell?
Broward County.
Never mind.
You'll never get it.
No.
He actually owns the rites to the rambling wreck song.
Okay.
Give me a break.
Every time we play the song of football game since admission is charged to the game, he gets
a cut of it.
I mean, what a jerk.
Yeah.
What a nerd.
I tell you.
Yes.
Let's not catch him on campus.
You'll be out of there in a second.
Yeah, you wouldn't want to run in to him in the dark alley right behind the dorm, would you?
No, my fact is the dorms right across the street from what we've come housing.
Oh, yeah.
We've got a lot of his roles to do over there.
Hey, by the way, I mean you.
You don't really mean that, do you?
You don't really mean what you said.
You don't want to come across as a stereotypical Georgia Redneck, do you?
Hey, if the shoe fits where?
Okay.
Now that's what I like, he's honesty.
You know, once a Redneck, always a Redneck.
I mean, let's face the way.
Live in Washington, DC for a couple of years to see how you feel.
Anyway, by the way, I mean, I'm here.
Sounds like he'd have a lot of fun in Davie on the weekends with some of those.
No, that's not from Colin from now.
Some of those per-kail sheets that they were in Davie.
I mean, we got the heat since we got everything out here.
Yeah.
Oh, well, I was going to put my two cents in.
Okay, well, good luck to you.
We'll see you at Los Finer, Delhi.
Let's go to date County.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hi.
I just welcome home.
Thank you, someone.
And I want to, in all fairness, you know, Glen Hill did a great job for you while you were going.
I know.
It a hell of a good job.
You know, considering all things equal.
Yeah, you know, he had one call during the week that gave him, you know, it's better than none.
Yeah, he had a terrific play on words.
I don't know whether he told you about it or not.
He said that when the Pope is here and he's giving him that, you and Stan should be there.
And if he's like, says it in a Latin or anything and people don't understand,
they ought to have somebody standing with you and Stan.
And when the Pope says somebody should Neil hold the thing over your head and they'll Neil, you know.
And then when they want him to stand up, you know, Stan said.
That's a clever question.
Yeah, good line.
Great.
Okay, Neil, thank you.
Thanks so much.
I guess it was good the first time.
Yeah, it was a caller that said that and we laughed.
Huh?
Okay, let's go to Broward.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
I'm going to throw this at you.
I had my civil rights violated yesterday.
I went down to Tammy Amie Pott to shoot pictures of the cross where the Pope is showing up.
I had a secret service man and a Metro day policeman.
Really?
To escape my film.
The confiscated the film?
Yes, sir.
For what?
I don't know.
Hmm.
But I was on the side taking a shot outside of the, of the, uh, you were on your side?
I was on the side of the cross, you know, not in another words you climbed up the cross to the side.
Yes, no.
I was way over up out there.
What were you doing?
Your genius imitation or what?
I was outside of the restricted area.
Yeah.
And this secret service man came up and started taking his badge at me and I have tell you I was so intimidated.
I couldn't even get his name.
Hmm.
And then a Metro day policeman arrived.
And they thought neither to remove.
Take my camera, put me in jail.
And then he tried to cut.
He took the camera away from me and of course it was I shoot pictures by avocation.
I have shot pictures of the film.
I usually use a camera myself.
I had a roller film confiscated.
And they confiscated it.
This is the most disgusting program I've ever had.
Everyone to complain to this station.
Yeah.
Well listen, good luck to you, ma'am.
I hope it all works out.
Let's go to a date county.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Hi.
Hi, I got to take a little bit.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Longest 10 days of my life.
Do your Billy Carter routine.
All right.
We miss you and I'm glad you're back.
And this morning I was shouting, oh it's almost time for Neil.
Last night I said, 16 hours and 20 minutes for Neil.
I'm glad you're home.
Hey, I have to tell you, the other morning, the turned on Sandy the first day she was home.
Uh-huh.
Listen, I had to last this job in Cardin and said, you know Neil Rogers had something very nice to say about you and your son.
And she flared back.
She said, please never met my son.
And he went on.
Oh yeah, he won a bet, Sandy.
Listen, he went on and was trying to say these nice things and she just became so defensive.
And she yelled at me.
And she got higher pitched than her.
Well, how can you say that?
You should have met my son.
Oh, I know Jason very well.
And then this gentleman says, well, how do you know?
Maybe he has and she says, I'm on.
I know my son.
I know my son.
He's never met my son.
And it was really a little funny.
So I had a light to know about.
Well, I better have a long chat with Sandy.
It's so good to have you home.
Thanks a lot.
Everybody was good but bad shots.
Okay.
What do you do? Talk, Dirty?
No, I just don't like him.
I don't like a little butt shot.
But Clan was very good.
He was really, really good.
Yeah, well, that gives me, you know, kind of a barometer to judge all the rest of it by.
We're glad you're home.
Thank you.
All right.
Okay.
See you.
You know Jason, don't you?
Sure.
I'm going to hang around at FM Studio up there when it was I-95.
Mm-hmm.
Will he be?
I know that the Zord even loves Neil Rogers.
Okay.
Let's take him in Broward.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
I got some information on your old buddy, Bobby Lester.
Yeah.
He used to go on computer BPS, you know, over the telephone.
You'd link your computer up with other computers around the county.
And he used to use the handle cookie man.
Next time you talk to him, tell him, take a little cookie man.
That'll blow his mind.
Are you serious?
I am serious.
What do you used to know me as a fuzz man?
The cookie man and the fuzz man.
I'm the fuzz man.
His handle was cookie man.
Everybody used handles.
Sounds like something pornographic to me.
No, not quite.
He was a real, uh, he cranked up the kids on the computers and argue with him about, uh,
those counter-aid and all sorts of political things.
And he'd have everybody on down on his throat.
He'd cause all sorts of trouble on the computer.
You mean he was doing a CB talk show, is that it?
Yeah, sort of a CB only via computer.
Yeah.
And, you know, it was the way.
Well, it would be good on CB.
Yeah.
On Channel 9, he'd be great.
Yeah.
So if you have it, welcome again, call him cookie man.
It'll blow his mind how you ever found out what his handle was.
Okay, when we give his home number out of the year tomorrow,
everybody can call him at home and say, hi, cookie man.
I would love to call him.
I haven't spoken to him in about three years when he used to live on the East Coast.
Really?
Yeah.
We got friendly through the computer.
And, uh, you know, he told me what his real name was eventually.
Oh, no.
Wow.
And also one last thing.
Jeff Stryken now has a, uh, straight pointer out.
Really?
Yeah, it's called the big switch.
Not the switch.
Yeah.
The big switch in his...
Well, there would be a big switch for him to know a question about that.
No, I think basically is straight.
If you've seen his, uh, his homo pornos, they're, uh...
Is what?
Is what?
He just gets done.
His homo pornos?
He's gay pornos.
If you've ever watched him.
You mean his, his queer...
I'm sure you have.
His queer, uh, pornos.
Well, his gay pornos.
As I say, he doesn't do anything.
He just gets, he's a receiver.
Yeah.
Well, he does look a little...
He looks a little like the passive type to me, you know.
Yeah.
Okay.
Did you ever get your poster?
No.
I've never gotten...
No, never got the Jeff Strike or poster.
And we're very upset about that.
I milled in like a book.
And, uh, requested one, two from the fan club.
Okay, well, we'll see what happens.
Yeah, we better give that to Kamel Kaffirut, who, uh, who's that's the gay?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Either that or ran Bishop, one or the other.
Or for free, yeah, right.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay, Neal bite.
Okay, well, look at that.
We've got pizza from Brickovan.
We've got, um...
Cheesecake from Cheesecake, etc.
KeeLime Pie.
And KeeLime Pie.
We've got special cake for Stan.
What is it?
That's a secret.
Yeah, it's Stan listening.
Hey, he's probably listening.
Oh, he's on his way now.
Oh, he's listening.
Okay.
Oh, is that the one that says Ding Dong School on top of it?
Yeah.
Incredible. He'll go nuts with it.
He'll hobby horse.
Yeah.
Date County. Hello.
He'll?
Yes.
I just wanted to tell you that, um,
Sandy Paton's...
son's name is Jared, not Jason.
Well, I was close.
You were close, right?
And I saw you yesterday at Calder.
Yeah.
I wanted him.
You were sitting outside.
Did I look real depressed?
No.
It looked good.
Oh, I was so depressed.
No, I...
I...
I might go Lee in the ninth race.
I'll never forget that as long as I live.
In ninth race, I...
I don't remember the...
The sixth horse.
Which, uh, I remember...
a blazing bark.
No, no. That was the tenth race with Heraburto.
Oh.
Is today Stan's birthday?
Oh, well...
I wanted to come over, but...
You...
But I tell you, you say...
You don't like people to bother you with.
No, everybody...
You would have been great.
My husband not let me come over and...
and tell you...
who I liked in that one race and...
it won.
Who... who was it?
I think it was called...
I'm not a better...
a medieval road.
I've been waiting.
Yeah, that was the horse that was claimed.
He went off at five to one.
Oh.
And my good friend Lester Greenshir told me...
after the race that John Tamarro claimed them.
If he would have told me before the race...
I had the two four in that race and it came forward too.
That's how it went all day yesterday for me.
I know, but...
It's a story of my life at Colter.
I want to tell you about the...
the daily gubble.
Um...
As soon as my husband met, he said to me...
Oh, my...
well, the race had just started.
He said,
Camaro and Gonzalez,
I have two of them that you've got.
I have to bet.
And he already had bet to me.
I said, why don't you tell me?
Yeah.
Because then he proceeded to have three in a row...
and then one later...
Yeah, I have the one later.
The twelve horse, yeah.
And I have the second half,
but...
And the pick six, I just...
I didn't do very well.
Yeah.
Well, I had the first three winners...
and from there on in it was drastically downhill.
I know.
From medically.
And I wasn't able to do it.
But I know you...
I didn't want to bother you.
But the next time if I see you, I will.
Well, that'll be at Hylia.
Hylia.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
We're talking to him.
Grant your back.
Thanks a lot.
Really missed you.
And I'm from Hallendale,
even though I'm calling you on a date number.
Okay.
Okay. Bye-bye.
See you later.
Boy, I don't know how many candles he has,
but not enough.
I don't think so.
They haven't made enough candles.
Doonsbury.
At the Phoenix Shopping Center.
Great.
That's the thing about the governor out there.
Good.
Boring.
We don't give a damn about Phoenix or Arizona
or any place with cactus.
We don't care about that.
I'm just informing you that, Saul.
Did you hear about the...
A letter we got from my fan in the Bahamas?
Yeah.
Is it a 50-cent bill?
Big fan of mine.
He said you're a low-down scum of the earth,
yellow belly, egg-sucking, double-crossing,
two-timing, cold-blooded degenerate.
Okay.
I don't know about cold-blooded.
Can we borrow your lighter for a second?
Thank you.
I think you need some more food in here.
Yeah.
Well, you know that I'm back.
You got sweets, Stan.
You got everything that you like.
We have cakes and pizzas.
Yeah.
You name all your face.
Well, I love this stuff about four o'clock in the afternoon.
Not at one o'clock.
Why not?
Because you just crawled out of the sand.
Just crawled out of the sand.
Yeah.
Boy.
That's why I couldn't talk this morning.
I slept too late.
I slept till 8.30.
Good lord.
Yeah.
That's like a lot of work.
I didn't leave the house till 9 o'clock.
Oh, boy.
Well, I had made up my mind.
I'm not, you know, I'm going to put it off as long as I can.
And you did.
You bet.
That's why you didn't unlock the office, huh?
Yeah.
Being that time to do that.
So you haven't seen the rearranged furniture.
Oh, great.
I can hardly wait.
And while I'm eating lunch, you can do the rest of the show.
And I'll have a little pizza and go look at me in office.
Let's take a break here.
There are 124 at W.I.
You're nearly no two on the show besides eating, coming up.
No, this deal's not the same.
Happy.
Dearly generous.
Run, run, run.
Be.
Ray, never get all those candles blown out.
Boy, they had a celebration.
I hear the country walk.
Nursery this morning is incredible.
Unbelievable.
All the little kids were blowing out the candles.
Wishing happy birthday to Uncle Stan.
What is it, 39, like Joey Reynolds?
Yeah, something like that.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Blow out the candles.
They're melting the great chocolate.
Go ahead.
You look great, John.
All right.
Good.
Why four candles?
Four.
Four years old.
He's in four years old.
Very good.
He can't just be on very quick.
He'll let's take a couple of calls.
And when you call in, stand today with the Mark Mosley,
you might want to wish Stan happy birthday or not as a case maybe.
Nate County, hello.
Yes.
Hello.
Yes.
Yeah, Neil?
Let me say it again.
Yes.
This is for my ass.
No.
Come on.
Yes.
My favorite, look.
Would you put me on, sir?
No.
Love it.
This is a...
Thank you.
Radio Hamas, the late and great John McEw.
John McEw?
Your number, John?
Oh, yeah.
Wherever happened to John?
Well, we're hoping not to find out.
Well, I remember he used to broadcast over WCII.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, he's been in all the big stations.
You know, Port Charlotte and Fort Myers.
Yeah, this is...
And he butchered.
He butchered this station up on a weekend for many, many months.
In fact, just the other night, it's funny you should mention his name.
I was wondering how it is that would they ever left him on the air here that long.
Yeah, I was glad we got it when I was listening to you on Sunday.
And said that John McEw would be coming on in the evening.
Yeah.
And he was so good over here.
Oh, he was great.
My favorite.
Out of business.
Yeah.
I was down.
He was real good at Radio Shack too, man.
Nobody could sell a battery like, like, good John.
He was great.
Well, I thought you might, my deal would tell me where he was now.
Well, we'll try to find out for you.
I bet you one of our, I bet one of our radio spies will call in before two o'clock and let you know.
Oh, before I let you go.
Uh, did you know the Wolfman Jack is in Southwest Florida.
Is, uh, weekend?
Well, that's exciting.
We're doing a, uh, remote from one of the auto dealerships.
Yeah, and maple.
What?
That's right.
He, uh, will take, he's like Willard Scott, man.
He will go anywhere and take anybody's money.
What he's doing, he's going to do it.
He's going to do a new radio show in L.A.
Uh, he said the transmitters located in Mexico.
Yeah.
Well, that's a good place for him.
And he's going to do it.
He'll wanna.
I do it from home.
He says, all you have to do is get out of bed and spend his records.
Okay, sir.
Well, listen, have a wonderful life.
And we hope we find John McQ for you because if anybody deserves him,
Broward, hello.
Yeah, I wonder if it's up to Glenn.
Go ahead.
Turn your radio down.
Okay, Glenn.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi, how you doing?
Fine.
Okay, I just wanted to thank you.
I got the tape in the mail today and it's fantastic.
Good.
Yeah, you guys are doing a hell of a job.
You can say that again.
David, you didn't do a send-to picture of all of you.
Uh, sir, trust me.
Trust me.
Stick with your fantasy, okay?
I did your favor, man.
Is that what?
Yeah, I'm saying.
Well, it was great to have Neal back and you guys are doing one heck of a job
and the hell with everybody else.
Okay, thank you.
I'll tell you.
I'll tell Neal myself.
Thank you.
Yeah, what a great call.
Why?
Because he tinkled all over you.
Is that the criterion for what makes it great call?
Just kidding.
Is if they call in and they tinkled all over you and thank you so much for the tape
and you're a great American and you never ate a worm.
You know, that you didn't like it all.
I said, what the hell is that?
What kind of a call is that?
It's better than those misfits, you know, ripping me.
Wrong.
If I have a choice.
That's what makes the whole show is the misfits ripping you.
All right.
You know who said that they're misfits?
Me.
Yeah.
Just because they have good taste in their perspacaceous.
Glenn is a big superstar.
I don't know why he's so insecure.
Yeah.
All of a sudden, after last week, he became a superstar in his own mind.
By the way, the guy at the restaurant last night was yanking our chain.
They're not on the air.
Cafe Desionve is not on the air.
I even asked Terry, did you tell that story?
No.
I think it's a fantastic story.
Can I tell you an incredible story?
Go ahead and I'll eat Nutella Sturgeon.
Neil and I are eating there at this restaurant.
Cafe Desionve on Andrews Avenue.
Everything that we want, they don't have.
They've run out to the long, long-labority holiday last night.
I was singing my wife, Loughtown, with a banana.
No bananas forced.
They had no bananas.
We were looking forward to bananas foster.
You know, the guy comes over and he says,
gee, you're not going to believe this.
We're out of bananas.
And then we looked at him and you know, how can you be out of bananas?
I mean, you have to send somebody down the street to the Windex.
See, I can pick up some bananas.
Isn't that a dessert they named after George Foster?
Of the Reds?
I don't know.
Great looking guy.
George, who?
Anyway, so this guy looks like he's got to look.
What am I going to say about George Foster?
No, that's what I...
He doesn't even know who he'll be on Murphy's.
This waiter says he's looking at us and evidently has to give somebody...
Oh, he's a guy.
...old guy and they're running out of food.
They didn't know that she's souped.
They had to make up new soup and that kind of thing.
And he says, I don't know the reason for it.
We had a lot of people in here, you know, this long holiday weekend.
He said, I think it's because we had some commercials running on Neil Rogers' program.
I'm on W-I-N-Z.
And I'm looking at Neil and Neil's looking at me.
And we didn't say anything and then the guy left.
And we both fell over in the booth.
And I said, I never heard them on the air.
And then he started thinking about it.
And he thought that maybe...
Yeah, he had me convinced that maybe I had cut it.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
So it's incredible.
Our sales department's got a great tool here.
Even if you're not on the Neil Rogers show.
Even if you have not bought it.
It's a giant blame.
That was out of town for 10 days.
I get blamed for the fact that they run out of everything that we wanted.
It's the Rogers fault, see?
I got blamed for everything.
So this guy knew who I was.
And he didn't... this was his way of being clever.
That's why I'm glad you're back.
Wouldn't it have been a lot more clever if he would have just said no check?
Now, I don't like that.
As you know.
I would.
Wouldn't that have been clear?
Yeah, you like it.
You're always going to go out with it.
You're a free loader.
He's always looking for a freebie.
Boy, I think we're going to get a check.
I think we're going to get a check.
Panic.
Panic, stride, said sin.
The worst free loader next to Jerry, you know who?
Oh, you know in Boston.
Uh-oh.
Guy down the street.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Mr. Excuses.
You bet.
Not only does he want to eat free in his restaurants, he wants to be able to give his cards out
to everybody in town.
And when they come in and mention his name, they're supposed to get a freebie.
Oh, that's great.
Of course he doesn't have any friends, so it doesn't make any difference.
Uh-uh.
Broward, hello.
Broward.
Broward.
Broward.
That must be a food check again.
No.
He's in dead.
Let's put that one on hold.
Dave County, hello.
Yeah, can I speak to Neil, please?
Yeah, speaking.
Neil.
Yeah.
Better to hit your back.
Yeah.
What's up?
I got one question for you.
I want to give, you know, I want to send my tape in for the songs and everything.
Yeah.
I don't want to send it through to me.
I want to bring it in.
Why?
Would there be any problem with that?
Why?
I don't send things through me.
I don't like mailing anything.
Why do you want to bring it in?
Huh?
What do you want to bring it in for?
Why not?
I'm going to bring more than that in.
Really?
Is that a thread or a promise?
Yeah, you see the direction this call is going.
I see the direction this call is going in right now.
Sir, anybody that talks like that, you know, obviously it's wishful thinking.
Well, why not?
See, he thinks he's going to get to come back and be on the show.
No, we're not going to see that anymore.
Aren't you wishful?
Do you notice that none of the people that we had on the show have, we've never heard from them again.
Carlos, Adam.
What was the girl's name?
Linda.
That's the parents.
Where?
Parents are among them.
Well, what?
All three of your crack ups.
You can bring it in, drop it.
Are you speaking English, sir?
What language are you speaking in?
I'm speaking my language.
Why?
What language are you speaking?
Okay, hold on a minute.
Where do you buy your toys, sir?
Hello?
They left.
They hung up.
Okay, go ahead, sir.
What the hell do you want?
I said, I wouldn't like to bring my tape in to get a copy of a couple of songs.
Yeah, that's why I thought you said.
Pardon?
That's what I thought you said.
Yeah.
And you know what the answer is?
But I know.
But I know.
Send it in the mail like everybody else.
Oh, come on.
I've got to be different.
No way, Jose.
I'm not a clone.
I'm an original.
Oh, you got a big mustache?
Yes, I do.
What is that guy that does the sports drawings?
He draws, oh yeah.
Got that big, ridiculous mustache.
I saw him on a spot.
He's always drawing.
He's always doing these drawings of young, like jockeys, of young, like kids.
Cash-ass mucin, you know, they're bad drawings, too.
Yeah.
I speak up on the grows.
Good. That's why we like it.
We like to distort our voices, so you're not sure who it is.
It's going to be gone, too.
I'm going to talk to him again.
I like that.
Yeah.
Okay, well, good luck to you, sir.
Okay.
Have a great life.
You too.
Okay.
Engineering department is threatening to make it so that we can't do what you're doing right now.
Why is that?
They don't like the little clicks and pumps.
You know what?
I don't give a damn what they like.
We're not doing the show for the engineering department, okay?
Really?
I'll punch up 71 on there.
Will you please?
Hahaha.
Unbelievable.
Do you believe that?
Yeah, you are.
Let me do it again.
Let me do it again.
It was ringing.
Why are you messing with everything you touch?
Still ringing.
How'd we do it?
Attention engineering department.
Bug off.
Hahaha.
They don't like the clicks and pumps.
That's the whole idea.
That's what makes it fun.
Hahaha.
I mean, anybody can put them on hold and, you know, do this pseudo-phoney stuff.
Like Sandy and Jared.
Hahaha.
I know Jared, real well.
In fact, two o'clock.
Hello, Jay.
Yeah, me and me again.
What do you mean you again?
Hahaha.
How come I didn't get him disconnected?
Broward, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hahaha.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
When you got to go, you got to go.
Will you get out of that tunnel that you're in?
Speak into the phone, sir.
Are you taking me to meet you, sir?
Yeah.
2713 Michigan State.
You want to hear the Michigan State fight song?
Oh, don't.
No.
Let's hear it.
Are you from...
Did you go to Michigan State?
No, sir.
I went to Michigan.
You went to Michigan?
Boy, I put it in the...
Another Michigan or I went...
Oh, boy.
Let me tell you, I went to the real U.M. University of...
Me, I'm a...
University of Mung.
Oh, no, no.
Hey, we be up on Florida.
So, what do you want in the ward?
Absolutely.
And they won't play us again for 1992, but you'll win.
Uh-huh.
We'll get in there, getting their conference.
I'll play you every couple of times a year.
Oh, yeah.
They dropped us to play.
Toast...
Toast is Montana State.
Real power.
What do you think about the dolphins this year, um...
Sir...
Forget it.
No dolphins are going to be all right.
Forget it.
As long as Choworsky is for...
They could play Buffalo every week.
They'd be in great shape.
Head and six.
Playout team.
Yeah.
Try eight and, uh...
Yeah.
Eight and eight.
I had a very interesting conversation to a Hank Goldberg about you.
Really?
Yes.
I asked them if you and if you two are the same.
You weren't denying it.
So, that leads us up to speculation.
Okay, what do you think about, uh, more in Nathan being dropped?
I was really surprised at that.
Yeah, it's going to...
They went, did take that.
I'd like to shake their hands.
I mean, I'm a little surprised that the linebacker situation
only kept four linebackers.
You think they're keeping, keeping Chowors for a trading vac?
I would think so.
They need some help at linebackers.
Listen, a lot of quarterbacks got cut yesterday.
Yeah, they got Choworsky, you know.
Yeah.
My...
Yeah.
Who must be upset?
Okay, well, I shouldn't...
Enough of this sports talk.
Yeah.
Let's hear it for the Spartans.
Mom, did you see their coach by the way?
With the beer belly?
That's MSU, man.
That's what it's all about.
All the whole team sits out there in the Gables and drinks six packs.
Drinks Mysterbrow by the half gallon for hours.
If I had to do the Hurricanes' Clan, he'd be 10 teams.
Never?
Yeah, they play some toughing like Wisconsin.
Northwestern.
Northwestern.
Fordo.
Whoop.
Can't believe you're doing this.
And occasionally, when they really get bold, they take on the fighting Spartans of East Lansing.
The temperature never panses 50.
Only when you're on the head.
And the Red Cedar River is made of rubber.
I think the high is the highest in the destroyer's 82.
Listen now.
Or we get to do it?
We've closed the grid off.
We're in it.
Lockheed, but nothing good for a particular reason.
Not like the Gazi city, baby.
Hey, they're all stoned out of their mind.
Leave them alone.
They can't walk in place until they fight.
My favorite part is...
Oh!
There it is.
...
143 at Winds will come back.
I know that the Zord even loves Neil Rogers.
14.002 and the stand will be along with Mark Mosley at 2 o'clock.
Why can't we wait for that?
Mark's funny.
Can you wait for that?
Dave County.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I just wanted to tell you something that I saw over the weekend in front of a pantry
pride in Scalic Mall.
The herald had somebody hawking t-shirts with a free t-shirt with this description.
Would what?
If you'd quit moving things around, we could hear what the lady is saying.
He's a shuffling pizza around on the table.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
I just thought it was funny, but I thought it looked pretty pathetic.
I saw it out there trying to sell subscriptions by giving you a free t-shirt.
You mean to the herald?
Uh-huh.
Boy, that's desperate.
And the people were just walking by.
Nobody would even, he looked like a bum for one thing.
Yeah.
It was, I thought.
Well, you don't know that's Dick Kepin now.
He's out there hawking his own paper.
Oh, terrific.
Yeah.
Well, I just went to let you know that I thought it was pretty funny.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you.
I wonder if it was a Pope tour t-shirt.
You've seen those?
What if the herald is going to pick on the Pope this time like the last time he was
here?
And I don't know why everybody keeps telling me I keep referring to the fact that the
last time the Pope came here, the church tried to give me off the ear.
And they say, oh, that was the previous Pope.
It wasn't the previous Pope.
It was this Pope.
It was this Neanderthal, it was him.
He was here in 79.
See how time flies while you're making little babies?
It's incredible.
Broward, hello.
Hi, Neil.
And by the way, we like those pops and pukes on a phone.
So just leave our speaker phone alone.
That's it.
Yeah, leave it alone.
Talk, let me talk.
Go ahead.
About the cafe diginees.
Yeah.
Last week on Stan show, after you had Linda Thornton, he wanted to know if the fondue at the
cafe diginees was any good.
And I called, I said I had eaten there and that it was pretty good.
So that may be the reason for that plug.
Really?
Yeah.
So am I entitled to any monetary remuneration?
Oh, sure.
Yeah.
You can pay a reimbursement for our checklist.
That was about 40 bucks.
40, but whoa.
I think you'll have to go to the restaurant for that.
No, no.
In other words, you are the one responsible for us going there.
So if you want to do it fair, you send it.
How responsible for the great business they did over the last week?
Well, I see.
Well, I go over there and tell them that you're a friend of ours and they'll charge you
double.
I mean, guys are real comedian, you know?
Who?
The waiter.
He was?
No, he thought he was.
OK, I'll never plug them again.
OK.
So one of the three of us, by the way, it was OK.
It was, you know, OK.
OK.
OK.
That's sensational.
OK.
Oh, um, John 316.
Yeah.
I had it right here.
It reads, and I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Yeah.
That's the one.
I always liked that.
My favorite quote from the Bible.
OK.
Wait, one last thing.
Yeah.
Don't let me stop you now.
You're on a roll.
OK, speaking of Jeff Striker, Power Tool, et cetera.
Yeah, there's a great line in that movie, too.
You know what it is?
I'll put anyone in the world out of their mouth, which, uh, sing what was in it.
That's true.
OK.
Have you ever seen Centurions?
Are you another one of these guys that is into these?
No.
Wait a minute.
No.
Neil.
Is this your show?
Do I have to ask permission to speak?
OK.
Go ahead.
No, I don't want to say it.
Now go ahead.
Have you ever seen Centurions of Rome?
No.
Starting the incomparable miles long?
No.
In unbelievable.
I'm not into eels.
OK.
I'm not having that disgusting.
I'm not into that stuff.
OK.
I'm not into it.
I'm not into it.
Neil straight into freaks of nature.
No.
I'll pass.
He was practically tripping over it.
I'll pass.
OK, Neil.
See around.
OK.
That's what was so important that he had to interrupt you to say that.
Yeah.
Have to be gagged and bound.
Good Lord.
OK.
Have it only when you watched that film.
I guess he thought it was important.
Don't you understand who we're dealing with here?
We're dealing with a fringe of humanity on this show.
Dave County.
Hello.
Justin.
And that's the hoes on that's just thing.
Are you going to speak to us?
You just going to play the radio?
Justin.
Are you going to speak to us?
You just going to play the...
Dave County.
Hello.
No?
Yeah.
I don't.
OK.
What's up?
I'm just getting used to jokes.
Guys, we got more comedians today.
The fry.
How was your vacation?
Terrific.
Well, I wish it would never end it.
I wish I never came back from Matavia down.
I'll tell you what.
I had dinner at Mancuso's restaurant.
It was sensational.
The veal was delicious.
Everything was great.
I had nothing but winners at the track.
It was great.
Uh-huh.
OK, that's good.
Well, I'm just glad to say that...
Yeah.
Spit it out.
Now, come on.
Don't hold back.
No, we missed you.
The thing is that the bird had some awful shows.
And...
Like the one with Dave Berry.
No, the one with Steve Sonsky.
Yeah, with him.
Terrible.
Right.
Yeah, you're right.
I'm starting to enjoy these calls.
Why are you making gurgling sounds?
I thought that it was a funny comment.
OK, take care, Neil.
OK, thank you.
Good call, sir, actually.
Ha, ha, ha.
Broward. Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah.
Um, my name's Al.
I met you over at Baton's strawberry farm.
Oh, yeah.
And...
At Baton's fruit stand.
Yeah, right, right.
And, uh, one time I'll tell you about it,
the first one, I'm glad you're back from your vacation.
I hope you had a good one.
Yeah.
And, uh, you know that record, uh, I-95 song?
Yeah.
If you go over to Peaches and Sunrise,
they have a sign up, it says Neil Rogers song.
Great.
Well, I'm glad they're songy because we can't play it.
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, there's so in quite a few of them over there.
But, uh, I want to get with your producer about doing some advertising for the business.
I had spoke to you once before.
And, I have a lot of your names.
You gave me the way you'd named once before.
Yeah.
Can you give the name over there?
Well, why don't we just take your number
and we'll give it, we'll pass it along to the appropriate people.
All right.
Uh, it's five by thirty-
No, no, no, no.
Hold on a minute.
Uh, hold on.
We'll take it off the air.
Okay.
All right.
Okay, hold on.
It's on six.
And we can pass it on to a Rhona Barrett.
Let's go to a brown again.
Hello.
Adios.
Dave County.
Hello.
Here we go for three in a row.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes.
A voice.
Voice.
Why there?
Not much of a voice, but a voice.
Uh, a lee-roy knee-men, as are you looking for.
Exactly.
Big mustache.
I'm a little worried about lee-roy.
Uh, yeah.
We're not going to take him to grow that thing, huh?
We're going to be, who's he been sitting under to grow that thing?
Well, well, it's not the story.
So how was your trip?
Okay.
Good.
Yeah.
I just want to call you and let you know about lee-roy.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, bye.
See you.
Great call.
We have had a string of them since about 130, boy.
Yeah.
Since the food came.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Dave, hello.
It's the PD over at life.
His life.
Yeah.
That is definitely life.
I'm not satisfied with a 10-year-old.
You know, now they got to start piping their music in on our show.
That way, they can put it together, get a 19-year-old.
It was definitely life.
No question at all.
That background music.
Like, I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
It's a medley of your caller.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
You see the DJ up in Rochester.
The day after Neil and I vacation they went in the mail.
The day after Neil and I vacation they went in the mail.
I even checked with my postman and he hasn't been making any awkward earn.
I even checked with my postman and he hasn't been making any awkward earn.
I usually don't know he's in the mail.
I usually don't know he's in the mail.
I usually don't know he's in the mail.
I usually don't know he's in the mail.
I usually don't know he's in the mail.
I usually don't know he's in the mail.
I usually don't know he's in the mail.
I usually don't know he's in the mail.
I usually don't know he's in the mail.
I usually don't know he's in the mail.
I usually don't know he's in the mail.
Is that it?
I think it's enough.
What?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
