Hello, I'm ready to talk to sweet blue. Okay, now you're not gonna hang up for you
I'm hanging on for the right for the real for the big ride
Okay, hold on
The number memorized
Memorized
A meal yeah, how come you never dial up like that?
976 gab, you know the oh that's boring
Body line bunch of suits
Do you ever call it? No, I'd never go. I wouldn't call it
You know, unless yeah, because you don't want to spring for the bucks, you know, you're calling in here because we're spending the money for the call
Yeah, all right the price is right. You bet. Hi
Hey, I'm gonna talk to blue. Here we go. Just a minute relax
How come she didn't say hello she didn't say welcome to her to thing
Mongols they're probably busy
That eight o'clock in the world at her dollar again
Listen, you know, this is kind of tough because you know you want to get to the nitty-gritty, but you're on the radio
Well, you have to learn to a prolong your excitement, sir
Hey, Neil, are you packing anything today? Oh, wait a minute. Am I what are you packing anything today? Yeah, a reason
I'm in a car
That's my little pistola
Okay, here we go
Freeze bud
If you see that spot for the reasons
Well, they're they're doing I heard it through the great. Yeah, the dancing race is bad. The dancing as claymation
Lonely, well don't worry. We'll be there tomorrow night with bells on all right, they will be serving us
Well, here we go. I think you got it now. Are you ready? I'm ready. Okay, you know the raisins were in Miami a couple weeks ago
Dancing raising you miss her. Yeah, they were at Miami. I paid to go see them. They're my favorites
They were they know the other little fruits had that look of amazement, you know because the raisins are doing it. Yeah, I don't think they're answering
I think a sweet blue be out for young kipper
Yeah, they could be occupied you think so occupied. Oh, you know what the problem is, but I
Don't think they're open yet. It's only five to eight in California
I bet they're not there yet. I don't think this is a 24 hour number. No, that's called later
Are you following me? I listen to you, but what's the deal? I mean
Well, it's an awful lot to ask you to prolong it for another hour and five minutes, but I'm sure you've got experience
I mean, I mean I know we game at the best shot
But another dude will get in and he'll get on I mean, he'll get a talk to her
Mad and pretty close
I'll bet you this wasn't about a hot dog was it?
I know why do you have to try again later after afternoon
Yes
If you can get in I guarantee you my hand to the sky
I promise I'll get in
Okay, all right good luck. Hey, my name's
What bill? Okay, Bill. All right, Neil. Okay. I made this name up to Bill
Okay, there he goes. Sorry. We couldn't get through but I you know, it's very early in the morning out there tried
Date County. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing?
Yes, sir
When I own it's pet shop down at the candle on your troubles, came in
It's hard when you're ordered
What's the name of your store?
It's the by guy pet shop
Yeah, this sounds like that cat guy to me
Just a little bizarre humor to get the show on you're supposed to
No, no, we're not off to a slow start you're impeaning our progress. We're off to a
Rapid start here today. You don't want the trouble
No, but send him over about 10 pounds of wheel parmesan
The first bird in history to be
engulfed by a mong of wheel parmesan. I just see it wouldn't it be a great Japanese science fiction movie the vision of the wheel parmesan twins
Oh, they might just devour this entire building
See the headline now in the hero w.i.nz devoured by mysterious vio
Okay, what are you doing?
Let's go back to the call. Oh, wait one more wheel one more quest welcome to the vio roger show
And
Parmesan show later
I would recognize that most meat parmesan
You know Ron Harrison was in here with packin or a rod big rod. Yeah, and Kyle said you're not allowed to have those in radio stations
Yeah, what about Jerry Winchner? Doesn't eat packer rod. He's above the law. Okay, got it
Got it when you're born in the wild west as he was just a year before Joey Reynolds
It's kind of like grandfathered in you know, I mean oh as in great grandfather sure
Okay, let's go back to the calls. I'm sorry
And if that young man who called who sounded really desperate about 20 minutes ago
I hate to break the news to you, but you better get out your Michael Jackson glove
You're not gonna get sweet blue today. I'm not today. No
They have a little problem in LA. Yeah
Big county hello
Hello, yes sir. Yep, who?
Max Bahama. Oh, yeah, Max. How you doing? No more boy, you sound like you're far away Max
There's rain in down here. I'm in about a fool. The rain in cats and dogs no doubt
He's in cats. Well, I'll be a good religious weekend down there
Uh, so what's that? I'm still waiting for like W-I-N-Z-T-C
Oh really you know anything about this? No, no, I don't either so so long, Max
No, I'm not getting involved in any more of that stuff
com Marlon Bailey sir
big county hello. Oh, here's a voice. It's on a little closer up to
Gwen Neil
You want to talk to Neil Glenn? Yeah, go ahead. Okay, Gwen. Yes sir. Did you get the uh, stand model tight?
Oh
You want to be more specific? Did you get the stand model tape? I don't know what that is. It's a uh, well you don't know what it is
You didn't get it yet, huh? Oh, it's coming. Yeah, we haven't gotten the mail yet. Okay, mail's been delayed today
Yeah, who is this? This is Gwen. You're Gwen? Yes, sir. Oh
That's me. Yeah, well, maybe you'll get it. Yeah, we haven't gotten the mail yet. Yeah, when you when okay, Gwen
Thank you. Yeah, the mail got the we had a little promise all stuck together
It got mung together with about 40 pounds of your promise John. Yeah
We're it's in a microwave. We're trying to melt it apart
Yeah, we like listening so well you'll get you'll get it stand mobile tape
Yeah, we had an earthquake in the Opalaka post office
Broward hello. Are you doing okay?
Uh two things here's our first like kind of firm voice in the morning. Wow. This guy sounds like he's got his act together
Take the same elsewhere groupie myself. Oh, right drop them sir
Don't listen to him sir. I thought that was one of the most all-time classic shows they've ever had last night
It's shocked. That wasn't Ronnie Cox who dropped it. No, it wasn't no. Was that Flamers? Dr
Dr. Wester Bendova. Yeah, yeah, I was so shocked. I was shocked. Yeah, I get a question for you
What was that thing at the end there that something with ecumenna?
They was disclaimer. Oh, yeah, that's in the paper today. There's some it's too close to
Hemana the name ecumenna is the company that took over the hospital and
Hemana filed suit against in BC saying the name was too similar
And so they ran a disclaimer
Okay, a while, but now it's one of the greatest
San El Suerza ever I think good caller excellent taste
Not a quick. He did any of you got the David Letterman last night. No way Jose you'd have to talk to Michael Wolf about that
The head of the FCC was on really you were just sitting in the crowd there and
They were talking about ridiculous things about why you can't show people actually drinking beer on TV
No, you can show them drop their pants and show their
You know, we're on the same network that had a guy drop the drawers and the guy to point in why they can't drink beer on TV
Yeah
Yeah, I taped that. I'll watch it later. I haven't watched it, but I did tape it. What's that?
David Letterman. Oh boy man. You're in a whole heavy stuff
You're the perfect creature that they want for the networks
I'm a tube child. Yeah, you say that again. I was at the tube. Yeah, and what do you think of that that uh
They know for some of your such a group you that hot looking babe with how we mandell last night. Oh boy. How we man
Dell oh
Fiscus just one step away from Peeley Herman. How
I'm Mandell is a classic comedian. Oh come on. Only true kind of service bar of city
All of a sudden I feel my view starting to rise in the pit of my stomach
Well, I will say honestly. I do not enjoy how he stand up at all
I sit down and up here great on saying elsewhere if we're just a straight you know acting
And I don't know if it's Neil happen to see the one where how he died and he saw I'd like to see that one
I saw it
One of the maybe the most amazing hour in the history of network TV. I thought it was good. How it just for everyone know that god was how he named El
Neil can't handle this TV talk. He doesn't he doesn't buy it doesn't buy it and you are not slanted
I'm not planning
Yeah, how can you say anything about my planning is trash. Yeah, oh get out of here. I told you this caller didn't know up from time
I'll come on out
Well listen to weach its own sir. There you go. All right. Thank you. Have a wonderful
Yeah, you said you're out from him again next to the third day know that no doubt he'll be our same elsewhere reporter
Yeah, him and Tom jica would say and elsewhere they're obsessed and me
Obsessed and myself. Oh, what does that tell you? Yeah, well that says it all
Couple of brow lines don't seem to be flashing there do they
Do they have an earthquake in brown at 524
9400
The mail is delayed today. Is that really true? Yeah today could be the big day because Jill's pictures are supposed to be here today
Mm-hmm and Jeff striker's poster oh, yeah, I'm holding my breath for that
You think it's possible somebody in the building intercepted that poster and hasn't told us about it not to mention any name
Yeah
Somebody who keeps reaching for my inches magazine which I just happened to have right over here
What a coincidence. Yes, you have a right to cover. Yeah, what a strange coincidence. Yeah
Dave County hello. Hi, Neil welcome to the Ville Roger show sir. How you doing Ville? Okay
This is Bobby. I haven't taught you guys a long time Bobby
I can do it a blast in the past how about this how what's happening Bobby? Oh
I forgot about you since we spoke to Bobby last he's gotten married has three adult children
Okay
Yeah, I have a daughter about 19 really wow Bobby of course is what 19 himself so
One of the great
You haven't you didn't really get married did you Bobby? Oh, not yet. Okay, one more. One more month one more month to Sandy
To Sandy Wow
See yeah, you got a good memory of that and you working at Tuxedo store. Yeah, that's it
Yeah, he knows a lot more about you than that Bobby
Hey, everything from your shoe size you need it
Oh my shoe size isn't important than my
Here he goes again. This is what happened last time. He got carried away
You came in here one you came in here one day and saw that Jeff Stryker picker and since then he'd be getting
I know I know you know same sense. I have little faces. I know it. That's what your girlfriend said uh-huh
That's what your girlfriend said
She says all the time what you're getting long too good lately. Oh great. Oh, no
Seriously, I mean everything was great to me to be met in bed. Oh
Well, hey, what the hey, huh? Yeah, well, maybe I'll call up Rob Lauren. Mara more
Robloing dinty more. Oh, by the way, I was watching that last night too. Were you yeah?
It listen. I heard earlier on this morning. He said that today was kind last day. No
Saturdays is last day, right?
All right on the shift. He's not leaving the station. All right. No, but I wish he was leaving but
Is not gonna be working for 10 to 20 now? No. No
That's God. Oh my God. Oh boy. Bobby, why would you do that?
Oh, Kyle, Kyle, Kyle. If you listen back to our discreeting you just got on my nose. Oh yeah, just a joke
You got off on the wrong foot, but hey, it's all right. Why just because he kicked you out of the control room. What's that mean?
That I mean, I
General manager goes up there. He kicks him out.
I don't start getting heavy here today. Everybody's in a great mood. Don't start getting pushy, you know. I'm sorry outside. Just
I just want the car. Just kind of lay back and relax. Take your clothes off and you know, have a wonderful time. Let me see. Join me.
He didn't say what I thought he said. Now listen, Sandy is going to be very upset to hear that.
I'm gonna get accused of all sorts of things. Now listen, I just can't say hello again. Yeah, I'm listening to you guys and I really enjoyed me guys.
It's my big old guy. You know, real fast and I appreciate it. Okay.
What's that? It's gunless sucks. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, Bobby. All right, you guys, watch your pistol now. All right. Okay, see you later.
Yeah.
20 minutes past 11 at W. Y. Z boy, this is a strange day today. I'm done. You're fairly has a Mr.
and Mrs. Palmer John and now Bobby who is, you know, a good guy, but sounds a little little white. So to speak. Yeah. And who knows what's in
that, of course, all that crap about saying elsewhere, which is enough to put anybody into a coma. It's serious. I mean, who wants to see Ronnie Cox
moaning now? He was running. He was in that show apples way several years ago. Remember that show. And Vince Van Patten was in that show. Now,
Vince and Van Patten were moaning. Then I would turn it on. I paid to see that heavy money, serious money. Don't hold your breath.
Yes. Nice big nail, please. You've got him. A nail. You're on. Of course. You're on. I think you're on. You're on and I'm on. Okay. My
you're going to play the family baker message today. Are we going to call it? Yes. You would say a lot of money for a
lot of people calling you to make it. Make any money. All right. Let's do it every day. We can make it a regular feature on the show.
There's a community service. I have one more thing. If you get a 900 number and have the secrets to my success, and you can make extra money too.
The secrets to my success? Yes. Because you have a. What's it? Have a great voice. What success? How about the secrets to my failure? That would be
no, no, no. Seriously. I mean, you are above. I'm genius like as far as I too. Absolutely. I am waiting on the court. The insanity line. Thank you. Okay. She got nervous. Okay. That's a good idea.
You could be the secrets to my success. A call. Yeah. In one page or less. Hey, listen, I love call. But boy, it's just been a long hot summer.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I am sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I mean I miss you. I miss you. I like you . I'm sorry. I miss you . I like you . I like you . I hate you . I hurt you . I hate you . I hate you . I hate you . I hate you . I hate you . I hate you . I hate you . I hate you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt me . I just hurt you . I just you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you. I just hurt you. I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . You . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt you . I just hurt
Many of the players in all of this have a reason behind it and look off about that on other days.
If you have not heard this entire message, please hold on. It will repeat.
Get on this jamming.
This is Jim, we're so glad you called us today.
You're dispensing the chance to chat just so there's a people I've been here yesterday.
To answer some of your questions.
Yeah.
Speak to us.
Finally, the 10 records that you've been waiting for.
Tammy Faye's unbelievable new album.
Here's the rock. I crawled out from under.
It's all here. The headache. The heartache. The pancake.
Tammy Faye's unbelievable new album.
Tammy Faye's unbelievable new album.
Here's the rock. I crawled out from under.
You know you're burning hair. You're really really.
Thank you. You got blessed. You do notice in these recordings, there's no religion at all in here.
They have, they have, they're not even playing that game anymore pretending.
But it's worse than a soap opera.
Hmm. It's worse than St.
Elsewhere. I mean, they're just attacking each other.
Visually. Yeah.
We took him off the network because he was attacking other people.
And what are they doing?
Another attacking him and the word attacking them.
So life kind of evens out. It's 11 30.
Oh, okay. Well, we'll work on it for you.
Yeah. We'll work on it.
That guy still hasn't been able. Well, they're like, I guess desperate.
Dave County. Hello.
Hello, W. I. M. C.
W. I. M. C. This is y'all.
Hello.
Yeah, please. You have to pay attention to them.
A very important man. Yeah, you sound like it.
I'm doctor always request from the South Florida Association of Scientific Research.
And I was calling about some report of earthquakes here in Miami.
And it's very true. In fact, most of the people here
are quite eaten.
Heartbeards and deer palm trees.
They feel rumbling in their stomach because of it.
And it's caused. I tell you guys, it's caused by my respire and exertion.
A couple of other nincom books here.
Well, doing a male race with a plenty of posters and guns in their race.
And they'll be shooting up in the air.
You know what you'll this guy's auditioning for?
I recognize that material anyway.
By a buyer.
By a house.
Two later.
I see what I love.
I love the way it comes out every day and talks about how some of our materials
really great and some of it sucks.
You know that, that's great.
I love that. That's at least he's a little bit honest.
We tried to warn him about this.
Not part of his reputation that precedes him.
But you know, it's never too late to make your nose shrink.
This is going to be the pay off.
Okay, well, obviously, you know, don't even try to call Jeff Striker is the bottom line.
Which is going to create some very serious problems for some of the people in South Florida, right?
Okay, well, listen, a few hours will pass.
Just control yourselves.
Okay, let's go back to the phone.
We got some day lines not flashing at the moment.
6249400.
Broward. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Okay.
I got a question I want to ask.
You know, I'm directing it to maybe some of the police officers or maybe listening.
Shoot.
How in the air can this state go against federal law or how to state law supersede a federal law to carry a weapon into a bar?
Literal stab.
You can't carry it into a bar.
That's again, that's one of the places you can't do it.
I was I'm listening to TV right here.
No, you can't you can't take it into a bar.
If I wanted to try to figure out is if you go into a restaurant that's got a bar, can you take a gun in there?
That's yet to be tested.
The whole thing is crazy.
Don't you understand?
You're trying to make a logical situation not of insanity.
I moved down here 18 months ago.
Yeah.
And this 18 months is so state.
It's like an 100 Navy degree.
Well, that's the governor more taxes and the legislature.
I got a bunch of goofballs running this state.
How long have I been saying that?
I mean, I've been knocking myself out for 12 years to try to make these people understand it and they don't care.
That's right.
They don't care.
So we're all wrapped up in this because the people don't give it then.
I've been listening to you for 18 months since I came down here.
And this takes the cake.
You got it.
Well, hey, listen, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Is Reagan would say there's probably more to come.
Oh, I can believe that, but I'm going to run it.
Okay.
All right. I have a good one.
Good luck to you.
I mean, does it pay to get upset about all this?
We've done it.
We've had strokes, nervous breakdowns.
It doesn't do any good.
You're living in a Neanderthal state with a bunch of total goofballs.
And that's what it is.
You know, that's the price you pay for sunshine.
And of course, the last few days we've seen all this great sunshine.
It's terrific.
18 to 12 at W.I.N.Z.
A caller in Dade County who I'm sure is desperate.
Desperate to speak to us.
Hello.
I told you, was I right or what?
Dade County.
Hello.
Oh, boy.
They're out there now.
Aren't they?
I think the earthquake of the San Andreas fault is just spread.
Dade.
Hello.
Hi.
Neil.
Yes.
Morning.
How are you?
Great.
Listen, you were talking about that Rob Lowe movie.
How did you like it?
I thought it was great.
I know.
You didn't go in talking right yesterday and it came on last night.
And you know what, really, I'm glad you brought that up.
You know what really made me sick about that movie was Jim Belushi in a character that he played.
In fact, both of the other couple, the morons, the best friends of Rob Lowe and his girlfriend there.
I know people like that.
And that movie was the best proof of that motto that you hear me say all the time.
It's not important in life to choose to succeed, but that your friends fail.
Exactly.
Am I right?
I mean, they were doing their damnedest to split them up and screw them up.
And Jim Belushi, I know people like that.
I know.
Just obnoxious, weird, guzzling, disgusting, scumbag moron.
I know.
I didn't like him until this movie, but I thought he did, you know, he did very well.
Oh.
He was, he needed to be sure.
He needed to come to Miami and be shot.
Well, nice talking to you and I've listened to you for a long time.
But I haven't had the courage to call you.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, you have good taste.
I'm glad you enjoyed the movie.
Okay.
Thanks.
Bye.
Speaking of which this Saturday on HBO, I'm not going to play the music because then he'll come running back in and get all excited.
Stand by me.
In fact, that's going to be your homework assignment over the weekend.
Saturday night.
I don't know what time it is.
We'll find out.
But on HBO is stand by me.
It's also this month that'll be on I think like the movie channel or showtime or cinematics.
It's just all over the place.
So those of you who've been hearing somebody we all know, rave and rant and carry on about how great this movie is.
This would be our opportunity.
And on Monday we can all sit around and rip it.
Broward.
Broward.
Hello.
Let me say it again.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Turn that radio off, sir.
It's off.
Okay.
I'm the first time caller.
I think everybody's making a lot of noise over this.
Let's see how it works out.
Sure.
Listen.
It makes all the sense in the world to have people walking through the mall with a holster.
Let's go back.
In fact, maybe we can go back to a segregation again.
We can go back pre-civil war.
Maybe we can have a slave offering later on in the show today.
I don't think people have a little slave auction on the air.
I think the biggest bomb wouldn't bring Larry Candid to it.
I'll trade line.
Get the phones really hot.
One of the bigger bombs I think is our arm.
I've got two slaves and a pop-up coaster.
What's answer I'm sure I'm getting emotional.
I think one of our bigger bombs rather than the arms citizens, but I'm sure it's going to work out.
You're going to have a two.
What do you mean you're sure it's going to work out?
What makes you say such a thing like Americans are really responsible with guns.
I've come full circle and I do.
I'm very nervous about the government making too many laws dealing with guns.
I don't trust the government.
I don't trust the police especially in this town.
I don't believe that they're going to protect this.
On the other hand, the idea that you can just walk around like why it hurt with a holster and a gun.
Just about anywhere you go.
That's really getting a little carried away.
You don't think so?
Yes, I do.
I get, just for a private ownership of guns, I can't see people carrying it.
Well, that's not what we're talking about.
That's not what the law, that's not where it stops.
A lot of people want to be doing that though.
I just think the gun launch is going to provide us a little bit.
But what we should also think about, look at what happened down at the airport with the Metro Day tops down there.
The police in South Florida are very aggressive overreacting type people.
That's because there's a great many of them are criminals to begin with.
So what do you want?
But has there ever been anybody ever taken on these pistapo that they call themselves police officers?
They're not police officers.
They don't have the public interest in mind.
Well, how do you know which ones are which?
It's an art to figure out.
Yeah, so the answer, obviously, is to solve it instead of to try to clean it up a little.
See, that's the one thing about this state, like auto inspection.
It wasn't working because we didn't have enough hours and we didn't have enough stations.
So we just threw it out all together and that's the same thing we're doing with the gun law.
You know, we just throw things out and instead of cleaning up the police force and instead of finally getting a state's attorney in date,
you can get some convictions instead of sitting there on TV with a stupid look on her face.
You know, the people here love it.
They suck it out.
They love Janet Reno.
I don't know what the thinking state is in dire straits.
Yeah.
What's the reason for it?
The only people we can convict here are people who work in video stores who sell Debbie does OGIS.
You know, those people we can convict and that ruling that came down yesterday, you know, just unbelievable, just incredible,
that you might go into it.
Now they're even threatening to arrest the customers if you go into your neighborhood, the Joe's video store and you rent, you know,
Mary Poppins in the front and then you go in the back and you rent Sonya the sunrise.
If that's not on the approved list, which they're not going to tell them which ones are approved, it's just like the FCC.
You know, they don't want to tell you what the rules are and they're out there hovering waiting to nail you for something that you can't identify.
Same thing.
What is the cause of it?
Is this the cause body?
If one word is fascism, that's the cause of it.
Fascism. You've got a fascist governor and a fascist president and a fascist supreme court that's on the verge of getting a lot worse.
That's what's going on in America today.
Meanwhile, everybody's sitting back and they're doing entertainment tonight.
That's the nature of the game in America.
That's what you're living in.
Never, never land.
The young people down south, the old people vote.
Listen to the old people vote.
The old people get a card from Annie Akerman and they all march like a bunch of sheep and they go and they vote the same morons
in over and over and over again.
I saw that tape of what went on in Tallahassee last night about the stupid tax and I watched Ron Silver and all these other idiots up there.
It's pathetic.
Just pathetic what they're doing.
You know, for almost 12 years I busted my guts out on a year thinking that I was going to try to motivate somebody to do something.
Forget it. That's not the nature of the state.
These are all escapists you've got here.
They all came to Florida to escape from reality.
And they've created their own new reality.
It's called the nightmare, a living nightmare.
So what are the real people doing?
They're just laid down.
No, the real people live up north, sir. That's all I can tell you.
Well, I'm getting excited again.
Why did I do that?
After all these months, you know, he's getting me all worked up to a frenzy and there's no point.
I mean, you know, you live with it because you know where you are.
No, no, no.
Tomorrow is the Italian day, though, right?
We're getting Italian from plantation, right?
No, braids.
No braids.
It's the way we like a dream in an hour.
Yeah.
Several people have dropped off on there.
Well, listen, I got to go eat lunch.
And they know we can't call the West Coast.
So they're not interested in the show anymore, right?
They're fickle, fickle crowd.
Got a nice hate letter from Harold Diamond and Tamarack.
Really?
Yeah.
The ship is sinking, he said.
We're not discussing all those wonderful, heavy issues.
I guess Harold doesn't pay too much attention last year, right?
Or the last nine months?
He's another one of those guys who wants to hear me have a stroke on the area.
That's what it's all about.
Good luck to you, Harold.
We love Tamarack.
It's just one step away in my heart from Hallendale, one step.
Boy, and then we got, that can't be a local number.
Can a 258 bird?
Looks like I know.
No, I don't.
Well, I better not dial that up, huh?
By cally square.
Where the hell is that?
Sounds like Boston to me.
Really?
That's the only cally square I know.
I don't know the area.
I don't know the area.
It's the only cally square you know of.
There might be.
I know of Harvard Square.
Yeah.
And I know of all kinds of other squares, but I know I never heard of cally square.
That's just my guess.
I have no idea.
Scully square.
All right, I'll try it.
You got to move.
B-I-R-D.
Okay.
Probably wind up on WRK over something.
The dialed Boston?
Yeah, 617.
Maybe whoever sent this into his call and tell us if it's not Boston.
It was a bird lover.
There's no question about that.
I don't think this, wait a minute.
It's ringing.
It is.
That's scary.
Oh, oh boy.
Hello.
Cally square.
Hey, Vihar.
Okay, I guess they're out of the cage for this hour.
Okay, anyway, it's 10 past noon.
We got a couple of hours to go.
And then we also got their wonderful card from somebody in West Palm Beach.
And that's scraggly writing.
You can always tell by that real scraggly looks like somebody a hundred years old.
They're all upset about my belly aching about working on Saturday.
About, you know, even people are working hospitals work six days.
And it said the, you know, some diabetic moron who eats ice cream
winds up in the hospital.
They have to be there just in case.
Nice card from West Palm Beach.
Boy, those people in Palm Beach County, you know, what a bunch of douche bags they are.
You know, let's do an all-out attack on Palm Beach County.
That is the most mong place I worked there for a year.
And I want to tell you something.
There are, you know, there's some nice people up there.
Yeah, but they're getting what they deserve.
Ten or 20.
They got Mike Miller.
Yeah.
They got Daffy McCallum.
They're really, we're taking care of Palm Beach.
Yeah.
And we even stuck them with John Brown for a little while, too.
We're trying.
We're trying.
We're going to give them what they deserve.
Okay.
Well, listen, you're listening to the Vio Roger show on All Food Radio.
That's an idea.
All food radio.
Hmm.
You can have all the hosts coming to eat different kinds of food on here in this private.
All different restaurants could come in and cater it all day.
It's been that way this week anyway.
Mr. Food.
Okay, now we've got all the lines flashing now and I have a feeling that this is a fresh bunch.
You know, yeah, well, a whole new bunch.
Watch, you watch.
Keep hitting that same one.
No, I don't.
Well, no, you've hit it a lot, but they, you know, what's different?
They count.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
Good.
First time car.
Great.
First time I wanted to say anybody who didn't go Monday night really missed out.
Monday night, you bet.
It's a good time.
Listen, I was wondering if you heard down this morning.
No, I only heard, I only heard Neil Roger's theater at about eight or fifteen times.
The movie came up that you were talking about with Rob.
With Donald Sucks.
I'm afraid to end.
Turn off the sound and just watch Rob.
Oh, it's a good time for the great taste Donald shame on you.
Sounds like Donald.
Did he really say that?
A something that is out of fact.
Yeah.
I just, I've let you see Donald come on your show.
I really would.
No, thanks.
Boy, he would come.
He'd be on here once and he'd never show his face in public again after that.
After Palm Beach.
You see, first of all, let me say this to you.
You know, Rob Lowe is a nice looking kid and all of that.
Although lately he's getting that Don Johnson scuzzy.
You know, it looks like he doesn't shave good or something.
Exactly.
But he's a good looking kid.
But you know, the movie was a good movie.
I mean, it was something you could really get into.
You know, it wasn't one of the all-time great movies.
That's great.
But it was a good movie.
It's okay.
She look good, but she always plays the same part.
There's something about her though.
I mean, she's nice looking, but she's like.
Uh-uh.
