This is gonna be good. We're gonna go back like it was Thursday again. Is that what this show is gonna be?
They must have had a rough holiday weekend.
Like five out of the seven people around the whole just all disappeared.
Hmm, hmm. Well I'll tell you what, I'm gonna open the mail.
Oh here's a good one. There's some wild mail here today too by the way.
So I'm really wild mail. The good, the bad and the ugly.
I'm gonna open the mail if anybody wants to talk to us. That's okay. If not, I'll just sit here and open the mail.
Great. Eugene Drimer in for in Miami.
Has a great one here but we can't read it on the year.
You know the numbers. I'm not gonna give the numbers out. I'll just sit here and wait.
And I just and believe me this could take till two o'clock opening up this mail.
I mean there's just a mountain of mail and I will say that is the Carroll City Post Office.
Half of the mail are coming to our PO box for so far PO box 2214.
Comes to the radio station. Half of it comes into box and half of it comes here.
So they are really on top of things over there man. They are as sharp as a muckaball at the Carroll City Post Office.
Miami Beach, hello.
The old good morning. Hi. I'm calling about the Ovo. When it opened up it was real nice and it was popular and then it started all the Cubans came.
And it chased all the Americans away and then Club Z opened up and the city Miami Beach had to get their hands in it.
And it made Cuban and then again the 1235 which forced Club the Ovo to close.
Now they got Club New and they want a $15 cover charge to walk in the door.
New? Club New. The church and brothers built it.
Yeah. I know the old embers.
I know when you walk in the door they say new.
Well it's Club New. Yeah I know.
But they say what's new with $15. Yeah.
And then a 450 for a drink. It's nice but they won't stay in business long.
Where's the beach going? South Point with foreclosing. What's happening?
You don't know. I don't know.
Look around you sir.
But you say the old people are ruining the beach?
I didn't say the old people are ruining the beach. The beach is dead. The beach is finished.
You can go to 21st Street Beach just like going to the French Riviera.
Really?
Women lay out their topless. It's beautiful.
No those aren't women. Those are guys in the front.
Other women believe me plenty.
No they're guys with big breasts.
There's guys on one side of the beach.
And the women.
On the other side.
It's like the French Riviera. It's a beauty.
Lay on the other side.
Now in the middle by the lifeguard.
Oh I see. Well they're all hovering around him hoping.
But say yesterday there must have been 200 to 300 topless women on the beach.
Really?
Absolutely.
Where are you going to go?
I'm telling you they're all guys.
No they're not guys.
You know guys are on the other side.
And the gay girls are on the other side.
And then in the middle are just the women that like to come out and take their...
...on the French Riviera they can take their tops off.
They run the wheels around.
They run the wheels around.
It's a nice sight.
Yeah.
But what's that to offer?
Well how's 1235 doing?
If you speak Spanish it's doing great.
Yeah.
See I don't want to get into another Cuban thing.
I know. I don't want to play.
But it is true that there are...
If it's packed all the time.
Jam packed.
Yeah. And it's true that there are groups of Cubans.
And when they go into places they take it over and they kind of...
...wet drive everybody else out.
I don't know why that is.
And then they switch to another place.
Yeah.
And with the reputation.
With Ovo.
And the city.
The city is going to have...
...through singer and his boys are going to have to lighten up a little bit too.
Well yeah. But you can adopt the Horace Broly 900 dollars a month on the beach.
I was just reading about the wish list of the Miami Beach mission.
They're really great.
They should adopt the parking meters.
You know that they stick with these two hour limits off the beach.
And for a quarter.
A quarter.
Thirty seven and a half minutes for 25 cents.
It's terrible.
But it's the beach.
Yeah. It's the beach.
To change.
I know. I know.
Very disappointed with South Point.
What's happening with that.
Was this the third time it's foreclosed?
I don't know anything about South Point.
Other than the fact that Ruth Shack alluded there.
That's all I know.
Nobody lives in her.
Ruth Shack.
She should live in the shack.
They'll have a good day.
You too.
Bye.
Okay. Here's a card.
Let's see. It is my guess that you have yet to attend your first concert recital opera.
Or perhaps the legitimate theater.
Your only redeeming attribute is your ability to talk and visit the track.
Your friendly suit.
Oh, this is that Irving Shackman again in North Bay, village.
Let's call Irving today.
Shall we?
Come on.
You can get his number.
In fact, I'll get the number for you.
Okay.
Because they're not too talkative today.
We got two lines in date open again.
Those date people, man, they're turning into a bunch of mung bags.
Oh, we got somebody on a mobile phone.
Hello.
Are you there?
I use a cheap skate anyway.
Let's see.
Just down a little information.
Hello.
They don't even answer it information.
I'm telling you there's nobody in this town. They're all gone.
Yeah, for an Irving Shackman in North Bay, village.
Yeah.
That's it.
Yep. Irving.
Mm-hmm.
Unpublished. Thank you.
Okay. I guess Irving had his phone number changed since the light.
Didn't we call him on the air? Yeah.
Why is guy Irving?
But he's still listening.
Hallendale. Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes.
I tried to call you all last week.
I've talked to you and told you there wasn't going to sell the station.
Yes, me if I was thinking.
I've seen Western house command do that before.
I just care about mental health.
But it amounts to.
Yeah.
And you're talking about Albertsons?
Yes, sir.
They got double coupons there all the time.
Yeah. These people don't want to fast up with us.
We've had very little conversation about Albertsons and I have no idea why.
And well, I get my prescription there because it's the cheapest place I found to get prescription.
So.
But it wouldn't actually, when they have double coupons, you know, they can have one coupon.
It's worth up to a dollar for every ten dollars worth of purchase.
And every time we'll go in and ever with a festival one day, it bought a bunch of stuff and you stood and argued and argued and argued in the case here so I just ain't going to argue with you.
Yeah.
That's it.
Well, what can I say, sir?
I'm just staying away from Albertsons.
I'm finished with Albertsons.
Yeah.
And I'm sure they could care less because I don't, you know, I don't shop every two days and spend thousands of dollars and groceries.
But I'll take my business elsewhere.
I'll go to you to them or somewhere.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, buddy.
Have a great life, pal.
Miami, hello.
Now?
Yes.
How you doing today?
Okay.
I like to start off with, I agree with a lot of things you say and I like to show a lot of things I listen to all the time.
A couple of months back, you had a guy, you didn't tap, you had a guy on by the name of Check Your Bryan.
And he got a lot of bad publicity by you.
Whether it was justified or not, you know, I'm not here there.
What do you mean he got a lot of bad publicity by me?
Yeah, every time you mention that you played the God rather than me.
Oh, you mean the guy Jimmy Hoff is son?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
But let me just, I just want to give him a punch if I can't.
A punch?
I'm not, you know, it wasn't really advertised down here too much.
There was a couple of police officers killed about two months ago and four pairs.
Yeah.
And what he did, he got a hold, he knows quite a few entertainers.
He got a hold of Well and Jennings and Carl Perkins and BB King's Brother Albert King and Jesse Roofus and quite a few people that flew into four pairs.
And what they held was a great benefit.
It was free to cost eight bucks for the people donation and he got all this stuff going.
And I think they raised about 200,000 people for these people's families.
And, you know, I happen to be a team person myself and I know there's a lot of bad ones out there, you know.
But I just wish that I'm not trying to go through you to make the teams a good name.
No, all the teamsters are never going to have a good name and I'm glad that he was involved in doing something positive
and that's wonderful but that certainly doesn't in any way take away from the fact that the teamsters are notorious and have an obnoxious and revolting reputation.
And are one of the most corrupt unions anywhere in America if not at the top of the list and I don't take back anything that I said about him.
No, I didn't figure you out.
No, I'm not going to because it's true. Why should I pretend that it's not?
You know what I wish I really do. I wish that we would get 5% of the time of what we do for charities and we're helping children.
We were the only ones that backed Project Newborn. That's when your babies born prematurely.
All these big corporations didn't have the time for that but the teams just took the time.
Then they have a hospital with a helicopter that flies these children, you know, that are born premature.
Jackson Memorial's Burn Union, we've given cerebral palsy, Terry kids.
Terrific. I mean, I don't know. I'm not looking for a child.
I'm sure that the Godfather gives money, puts a lot of money in the plate and church on Sunday too. What does that prove?
Nail.
You know, like I said, I like you, man, but you know, you should be a little bit more dishonest.
No, balanced.
Balance?
Yeah, balanced.
No, you know what?
I should lie a lot.
No, if you were worried about the teamsters and the way of corruption, you know what you got to do?
You got to go home and build your 11th floor wall because you can't go to the doctors anymore because they're trippers.
You can't go to the priest anymore because they're trippers.
I mean, everybody out there's got their bad apples.
Do you think that every team's doing it to a member is bad?
No.
You know?
No.
Okay. Well, look, I'll leave you with that.
Like I said, I like your style and all and just hang in there, expressing with this FCC thing.
All right.
Okay.
You take care.
It's 1118 at W.I.N.C.
Boy, the mail today, I'm telling you, just wild mail.
I mean, just incredible.
And every crank and every old fart that writes hate, I've got about a half a dozen of them who write on a very regular basis with red ink and with certain types of handwriting.
And immediately as soon as I see the first couple of words with the writing, I toss it out.
But I mean, we've really got some creative stuff here today. It's incredible.
We have an open line in date, 624-0191.
Wait a minute, Dave County.
Wait a minute, Dave.
Miami Beach, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yeah, would you be kind enough to be the number of the Florida Fort Texas by that governor?
No.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Is that me?
Yes.
Yes, I wanted to tell you a mail that I want to, too much to drink.
Great.
I wish I had done the other shoe cave, I would have played them.
You know, wonderful.
Oh, you didn't hear the other ones?
No, and I didn't hear them yesterday.
Oh, yeah, three-sided coin.
Oh, my God.
6720.
Why don't you give me some tomorrow, because I'm not going to start this every day.
I can't, it's not, you know, I'm not a tout.
Oh, I know it, but you're the best.
I can't do this.
This is the first time I've called you.
Great.
And these people that don't understand what you're saying, I refer to it.
Something I write about Abraham, like a news and a musical.
He says, God help the common people.
They don't know which hand is up.
You betcha.
I'm telling you.
So you went home a winter then, huh?
Oh, yes.
Excellent.
Listen, by the way, I want to go back to the last week or the week before.
You know, couple on nightlines.
Yeah.
I always said to my husband, I said, you know, he looks like something, but I can't place it.
How do you do it?
How do you do it?
Yeah.
Isn't that the opposite of the nightline ever?
Yeah.
In fact, Buffalo Bob Smith sits in the other room when couples on the air and they have like
remote control.
And he pulls all the free.
And he pulls all the free.
And he should be in couples place.
Yeah.
You make him look sick.
I know.
He doesn't know what the heck he's doing.
Well, that's what I have to say.
And listen, lots of like a dopey attack into the masses.
The masses are gases.
Okay, I'll see it called or said today.
Are you going to be out there?
I'm going to be out there if I had some winter.
Okay.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
I'll have a nice day.
You too.
In fact, what I would do is I would give you the winners for call or Saturday morning if I were
going to be on the air, but I won't.
I'm taking Saturday off.
I just came in this morning.
I told him I'm taking Saturday off.
And they said, okay.
You know, when you've got a seven share, you tell him I'm taking the day off.
You've got a one share and you say I'm taking the day off.
They say, hey, take the year off.
You know?
Just don't come back.
Now that I have all this muscle, you know, you have to kind of push your weight around
a little bit.
And I have plenty of it to push.
And by the way, the six weeks after that, I may not come in either, you know?
And then of course they say, hey, it's nice, but get lost.
21 minutes past 11 at W1 and Zina.
Listen, I'll do all the breaks you want this hour.
Okay, because my log is virgin here.
You know, I have nothing written in.
No extraneous stuff.
So let's do one and then we'll kind of play it by year.
Give you an idea of how psychotic the male is today.
I mean, not all of it.
Most of it is good male and a lot of it, including from all over the country.
See, some of the old bags are very upset because the so far campaign is really finally
taken off all over the country.
And we had the Congressman Larry Smith on last week and he is with us and they're going
to be hearings held.
You know, this isn't just a whistling in the dark again.
And that's what's got him real upset.
So every wacko, every old fart in the world out there has written in over the weekend.
And now to show you how psychotic the male is, here's an envelope and inside a little scrap
of paper and on it it says, wake up, Neil.
You did not discover the bad effects of censorship and included are about 20 of these stamps,
you know, they're not posted stamps, but they're things you put on the back of an envelope.
Sensation in a free society, it's a bad match and it shows a burning matchbook with the
American flag on it, people for the American way.
Well, I've seen these for a long time.
Did we say we discovered the bad effect of censorship on the show?
I mean, what is this thought?
In other words, it's like they put these in there in a positive way, but there's got
to be a little shot.
I'm telling you, man, these people are just, they're doing something funny in the water
in this town.
They really are.
They're really incredible.
Pembroke Pines, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
This is the second time I'm calling.
Now, I got a gripe.
I'm 60 years old.
Yeah.
I went to Windix this Saturday with my grandson.
Yeah.
So they had this here box with these here, one of these rubber things that the kids write.
Rubber things, yeah.
Oh, he said, Grandma, can I have a pair?
So I went over and I was looking and this little lady came over and she dropped these
things on the floor and she said to me, pick them up.
I said, are you telling me or asking me?
She says, I'm ordering you.
So I said to her, hey, you kids, my, you know what?
Yeah.
So she turned around and she said, you know, the F word.
Are you serious?
So I told Grandma that you pull up near Rogers until in that.
Yeah.
She said, oh, I know you are one of his listeners.
I said, yes.
So then she says to me, well, you could take your grandson and show them.
You know, Neil, I want to hit her with a loaf of bread.
Yeah, you should have.
She was so nasty.
Yeah, you should have here with a stale rye.
It's been had to know to tell me, respect your elders.
I said, what, are you kidding?
She was, and then we go down another aisle and she bumps me in the ankle where I got.
And I said to her, what, hey, lady, are you following me?
She says, that's been not picking up the stuff I ordered you to pick up.
Oh, well, I would have bopped her on her head so hard she would have spun sideways.
First time to people?
She would have flown over the cool aid into the soda fountain.
And my grandson started flying.
I said, no, because...
The table's supply.
But my hand up, I wanted to do something.
But I figured she'll fool me, so I said, F you and I walked away.
Good.
That's all.
Good for you.
Just say, F you, that's what does it.
OK.
A lot of old people, they think that they own the world.
That's right.
They're miserable.
Not all of them, but the ones...
We don't have to do disclaimers, because by now they know who we're talking about.
They know who we're talking about.
The same ones we've been talking about since the first of the year.
You know, that's why I listen to you.
The crabby old rotten disgusting prunes who think they're the only people in the world.
And all the rest of us have got to get out of the way to make way for them.
No, but he ordered me.
You can call me.
You know, I'm saying her...
Yeah.
You know, I mean, would you pick it up?
I mean, what would you have done?
Yeah.
OK.
Well, what I have done, I would have smashed her in the mouth.
Really?
Yeah.
I'd have made her...
I would have made her teeth...
Why?
...wined up in a glass at Publix, and this was in Windixi.
I had a French loaf of bread, and I had it in my hand.
It was so tempting.
Yeah.
It's you should have.
Oh, tempting, yeah.
And she had all the...
Only I wouldn't want to pollute your bread.
She looked like she's gotten a son when she was 15, and didn't get out until she was 70.
Yeah.
But I really appreciate you, Nick, because you tell the truth.
OK.
All right.
Have a nice day.
I'll see you at Albertsons.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
We still haven't had one call.
Not one call from anybody who has been able to explain to us the Albertsons syndrome.
And if you think I'm making it up, boy, you're living in a dream world.
You are living in a total dream world.
It's just like the convenience store syndrome.
It's the same thing.
Every Albertsons is like a magnet, a magnet.
And maybe it's because of the double coupons.
Maybe that's the answer.
Do you think that's it?
Got a caller on a mobile phone.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes.
Meal?
Yeah.
I used to listen to you at night.
I like guys on the friends you used to have a dating show.
Yeah.
I used to listen to you when you were having a dating game.
How long have you been?
Five or six years.
Hello.
Five or six years.
Five or six?
Yeah.
I like your show now.
I mean, I'm a salesman.
I drive around by listening to you all day.
And I think one of the reasons why these people get all upset with you is because, I mean, you're pretty honest with him.
You tell them, this is just entertainment.
I think that they just get a little carried away with some of the things that you say to them.
No, they can't handle this.
They don't realize that you're going to take sides.
Yeah, they can't.
I was happy.
They feel it's bad.
You know, the Tammy and Jim show, did you feel that they should be off the air?
Did you feel that they're just entertainment, too?
Don't you think that they just laughed when they went back to their private tweets?
No, they're not entertainment. They're ripoff artists.
Yeah.
But the public is...
I agree with you, but I mean, I think those people...
I used to watch them for just pure entertainment.
I couldn't believe how ludifers people could get.
Yeah.
But the thing was, they were entertaining.
They were so ridiculous.
And I can't imagine who the people I never knew anyone would ever spend money into them.
But I'm sure that those people got some kind of damn bikerious thrill out of sending money away.
Yeah, they were getting through this.
You know, almost maybe like you get at the worst race, or something.
Because I like...
Do you set a limit for your software?
Do you like me?
You just go down there and just blow whatever you got in your pocket?
No, I take everything.
What I do is I go to the bank and I take out all my life savings every time I go.
And then, you know, if I still have any left, I come back home.
Someday we hope to quietly tell our story.
A story of two centers saved by grace.
It's 1131 at WINZ.
I would have kept him on longer, but we had a bad connection.
And he couldn't hear a word I was saying.
You know, not going to sit here and shout.
You know, I'm not going to do my leaf hour imitation.
We have an open line in date again.
624 is there any buddy left in date?
Countries speaks English.
Why is this?
Why is this?
I'm telling you, date is really...
It is a foreign country.
No sense in beating around a bush.
624, 0191.
Now, I think maybe what we ought to do is make a swamp.
Okay?
Those of you who live in Broward as I do,
would you like to make a trade with date county?
What we will do...
What we'll do is we'll trade for all of the people who are living and breathing,
who want to be, you know, decent, civilized.
We don't care what they are.
You know, we're not in this ethnic thing.
Because there are a lot of especially the younger Cubans, you know,
really nice people and they're really with it.
They're not all to the right of a till of the hunt.
And anybody else who speaks English and date county wants to, you know,
live as part of a breathing and living place,
we will exchange them in Broward.
We'll take them in and we will send out to date all of the, you know,
the crowd in sunrise and Tamarack, you know who I'm talking about?
The people who shop at Albertsons.
We'll make a swamp.
Hollywood, hello.
Hi.
The latest on the FCC ruling is on the Worsley Journal.
I don't know if you guessed in the...
in the station or not, but WBAI is going to challenge the ruling by broadcasting you,
Ulysses.
And...
Great.
And as a direct challenge.
Excellent.
That Oco here which is tremendous.
Ulysses has been this group through this kind of controversy before,
54 years ago, the U.S. government tried to ban the book for obscenity
but a federal judge approved its publication.
It is extraordinary that this would be surfaced at some guy at the Columbia University.
Yeah.
This Mrs. the FCC is Troglo Dites and Philistines.
Excellent.
And the FCC hasn't responded so far and most observers expect the commission to try to duck the issue.
So anyway, BRIs are going to do a test of it and they're going to broadcast it at 11pm
so they can't say the kids are listening.
Yeah.
Beautiful.
And it is a launching piece of literature.
Okay.
Well listen, good luck to you and the campaign.
Okay, thanks for the information.
That's great.
I'll say one thing about the Pacific Corporation boy, they sure are not ruling over and plan dead.
They immediately filed suit and federal court against the FCC on the KFPK ruling.
They're appealing that and now they're even pushing them further.
And you know, the FCC knows that they made a bad mistake and they know they got caught with their hand in the first amendment
and they're starting to weasel out already.
Is that indicates, right?
That's the good news.
Miami, hello.
Hello.
Hi.
The Moyanyl.
How are you?
Good.
I just felt I want to congratulate you.
You're doing a real good job without so far campaign.
We're trying.
Okay.
But you know, I totally disagree with the fact that you're bashing the Cubans this morning.
I mean, I'm one of those young Cubans.
What, wait a minute, that I'm bashing who?
The Cubans.
Who said I'm bashing Cubans?
We're Spanish speaking people.
You shouldn't generalize.
You know, you did say that the younger generation...
I just got to say that like...
You said earlier, yeah, I couldn't get in.
Harris got you saying 40 seconds ago.
Earlier.
About all the great younger Cubans, yeah.
Didn't I just say that?
Who was that?
Before that, you said they were taking over the club.
The clubs and I disagree totally also with that guy that called earlier saying that...
If you don't speak Spanish, it's great.
But otherwise, forget it.
Because we take over everything.
Well...
He didn't say they take over everything, but he said and it's true.
And a lot of places, and I've seen it for myself, many places in Dade County,
the clientele begins to change and almost all Cubans begin to become the...
Well, it's not...
Well, we don't want anybody out.
It's for oneself out.
Do they feel intimidated because...
Or it's Latin because we both speak both languages and they don't.
That's not our problem.
Okay, we don't write it.
Wait a minute.
What kind of an attitude is that, though?
That's not our problem.
I got it.
If anything, we're good for the business then.
Yeah, but wait a minute.
Don't you hear what you just said and the way you said it?
If they don't speak both languages, that's not our problem.
What does that mean?
Well, that means that...
And who cares how many languages you speak?
I feel that he should not feel that we're running them out.
He's running himself out.
If he feels intimidated or not in place or out of place because we can speak either language at any time.
Yeah.
That, you know, what can we do about that?
I mean, we don't run them out.
Well, what you could do is speak English in public like most of the rest of people in America doing that would solve that part of the problem.
If I'm speaking to a Spanish-speaking person, I can speak any language I want because I understand.
Well, but you see, you know, you called and you started chastising me and by your behaviour and it's called,
all you're doing is setting back relations 50 years by this kind of attitude.
You know, I can speak any language I want.
Oh, I'm not saying that.
That's true. You can.
But again, if I'm speaking to a person that understands me and is...
Well, I'm sure that most of the people who go into those clubs are young enough that they all understand English real well.
I know.
I know, but...
So then what's the problem if you know?
Well, the problem is that we are not...
We are not running anybody out. They run themselves.
Oh, but wait a minute. Let's not skip...
Let's skip on to another subject.
Happy there.
Let's stick with what you just said to me.
You said if we want to speak to somebody in another language, we'll speak in any language we want.
No, I said not anybody.
I said if I'm speaking to a Spanish-speaking person, I can speak Spanish to them if I want.
Why should I speak to them in English?
Also, you know, like 100% of the time when they also understand Spanish.
What do you mean when they also understand Spanish?
You just have to agree with me that they all understand English.
Now, I don't want to talk to you, lady.
I really don't because I don't want to start this whole business all over again.
You're...
You know, the longer I keep you on the ear, the more destructive it is.
And the more it will invite, more of the cause, because all you're doing is proving the point that the man made before.
And it's disgusting.
If you could only tape what you're saying and listen to it back.
And you're just unreasonable. That's all.
You already agreed with me that all of those young people in there speak English perfectly.
So there's no excuse for this business.
Well, if I want to speak to them in Spanish, all you're doing is driving other people out.
It's anti-social behavior.
And boy, I'm Tonya.
It's just so difficult to try to restrain yourself from getting involved again and all wound up in this bilingual thing,
because it doesn't accomplish anything.
But, you know, I haven't changed my tune on it one bit in spite of what some of the fanatic people out there in the audience think.
I still think it is disgusting and revolting.
When you go out in public in this country, if you're capable of speaking English, speak it.
And stop using your languages or weapon, and you heard it in her voice.
Well, we'll speak to anybody in any language we want.
If they can speak Spanish, well, if I want to speak Spanish to them, that's okay. If they don't like it.
But we're not driving them out.
Boy, that's pathetic.
She can stay in date. That one, okay? She can stay in date.
22 before noon. Should we take another break now? We've got one more?
Okay. Well, let's save it. Save the good stuff for later. Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes. Is the so far petition valid without addresses?
Well, yeah, it's not a formal petition, though. It doesn't make any difference.
Oh, it doesn't?
No.
Okay. Would you play the driving dead? I haven't heard that in a while.
The driving dead? Boy, that's dredging up something from the deepest.
Yeah, I like that one.
Boy, I tell you, it may take me hours to find that, but I'll do what I can.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, have a great day.
The most horrifying movie you'll see this year happens in broad daylight.
They look like senior citizens, but behind the wheel on the open road they become the driving dead.
Yes, death travels at five miles per hour.
Dead from the neck up. They ceaselessly prowl the streets of the city, striking mind-numbing fear into the hearts and minds of drivers everywhere.
See them come to a dead halt in the middle of an intersection.
See them root for the dead.
They're hopelessly ignore stoplights.
See them drive all day with a turn signal on.
So chilling, you'll be afraid to drive home from the theater.
Don't miss the driving dead.
Coming to a dead stop near you.
We actually have somebody on the line from Panama City.
Well, let's put that on. Hello.
Yeah, first time car, but I've lived here since she came on daytime.
Because that's my hours.
But I was born and actually went to school in Panama City and I was just up there to go on vacation.
And that's about the size of it. That's all you do up there is go on vacation because they do have beautiful beaches.
Oh, yeah, I've been up to the beaches there. They're great.
But the school system, the pits and let it hall, Neanderthal.
Doesn't that rhyme?
Yeah, we can make a song out of that.
They're at halls in the Andrthal.
Right. Even a lot of the local people have to laugh at Lear Hall about some of the things that he said.
But it really is, like you said, basically when you're talking about the Panhandle,
do you talk in really south Georgia or south Alabama?
Yeah. You know, it just depends on one side of the river you live on.
You bet.
But I'm not for making that part of the Panhandle, you know, Georgia and Alabama and making this part of the area in another state.
Even this part is crazy in itself but never left.
Yeah, I think what we ought to do is we ought to take a lot of these prunes and we ought to give them a state.
Like maybe Georgia. Let's send them all to Georgia. What do they call the Peach Tree State?
That's correct.
Yeah. The prune state. You know, same family. Just another fruit.
But I just thought I put my two cents in worth, like you said, down the school system is definitely behind the times.
Yeah, Lear Hall is just trying to put it back into the 19th century.
Yeah. Well, listen, I think maybe we'll get Leonard Hall on the show. We'll fly him down.
But in essence, you know, if it wasn't for the beaches, you know, there wouldn't be a Panhandle.
Can you imagine Leonard Hall hearing this show? Maybe we could pipe the show into Panama City. That would give him something to get upset about.
There you go.
You'd have a nervous breakdown.
Okay, Neil.
Okay, hang in there.
Appreciate it.
Okay, congratulations for escaping from Panama City.
Oh, boy, I'm telling you this mail, this mail today, it's just mind-boggling.
First of all, there's so much of it. It's four days mail. And secondly, I'm telling you, we have got stuff here.
I wish I could read it on the ear.
Enough is enough. You are obnoxious. You are a fart. You are the scum of the earth. You are losing your sponsors.
You are vulgar, early bird burial for you. Signed, Lee Fowler, Mike Miller, and Sandy.
And on the back of the envelope is this, Hallendale Early Birds. This is the same one I got three envelopes from these people today.
I got a new crew of a clansman up there in Broward. Probably Daffy's audience.
Miami, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes. How you doing?
Okay.
Great, man. Listen, is it true that John Broward's filling in next week when Daffy's gone or what?
Yeah, no, we're just going to get John Broward's boots and put him in the chair.
True.
Listen, just two quick things. You said oval closed?
Yeah, the oval is out of business.
Okay, what do you attribute that to?
What do I attribute it to? The fact that Miami Beach is dead.
But do you think there's any hope of marketing the beach? I mean, we got to do something with it too.
What do you mean, wait a minute. What do you mean we got to do something? What does that mean?
What do you propose that we do with Miami?
Well, I propose that we get Casino gambling down here, but it's not going to happen.
I don't have any alternative. And I talked to the people on the beach till I'm blue in the face.
And I said, how about having a day quarry here, making this Y-Kiki East?
Yeah, with a Marco Polo, that'd be great. They have to bring that down south again.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I wasn't so obnoxious and I've got a lady on the phone here.
Well, then why are you still listening, lady? Why are you still listening? No, we'll hold on a second. Why are you still listening?
Yeah. Well, why don't you turn it off? Why are you calling us and bugging us? Why don't you turn it off?
What do you mean you don't? Well, if you don't want to turn it off, then you're going to sit there and be upset.
You want to be upset? Are we doing a service by upsetting you? Maybe you have a good B.M. if we get you upset enough.
No, I'm not being nasty. Why are you calling here and telling us what to do on the air? You old bag?
Get off the phone. Get out of my life. Go away, lady. I'm sorry. What were you saying?
Who was that, man?
Some old bag. She used to like me better at night. She just turned it on and she's all upset. They used to be nice. She used to be...
You know, one of those old bags. She probably was the one at Albertsons the other day.
There you go. Listen, just getting back to the beach. You just proposed that it stays there or we just let it get worse with my deal.
No, I just got through telling you what I proposed and they just look at you and they nod their head and they're oblivious. They're just in a dream world.
Oh, we're going to paint this building pink and we're going to paint this one green and look at all these yuppies at the car lilyle and it's great.
They think everything is wonderful. So as long as they continue to lie to the public in blue sky, nothing is going to happen.
The beach needs a giant blue.
I'll tell you one thing. As long as the Celtics lose, I'll be delighted.
I hate the Celtics with a passion like you wouldn't believe. And if you look at their uniforms, man, with those silly little socks they got on.
Have you ever noticed how the Celtics... This has been for years with... Just look at the socks.
There's something wrong with that team. There's something they look like they're all a lot of some kind of a mental unit or something.
I'm telling you.
They are listed the first time I call you but keep up the entertainment doing a great job.
I was a lot better at night. Just remember that.
I will. See you later.
Take care, buddy.
Oh, you were so nice at night and what's happened? You've gotten so nasty and you've gotten this, but I will not turn it off.
I'll exercise my own free options and I'm going to listen. I don't care what happens.
You should have heard her. I wish we could have put her on the air. I just couldn't resist listening as I could tell Kyle was jumping up and down in the chair. He was having a good time.
I don't want to miss out.
We have a couple of open lines in Broward now. Look at that.
Look at that. 764-0707.
And let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Is that me?
That's you.
What exactly did you say about Albertson's earlier?
I turned it a little bit late and I'll just go with it.
Okay. Well, I don't want to repeat the whole thing but what I said is that Albertson's all of them, no matter where they're located, seemed to attract this barbaric clientele of these nasty people.
These miserable old people who think that they're the only people in the store and it just, I don't understand it. I don't understand why.
And I talked about my experiences at a couple of the public stores but in certain parts of town where there are a lot of this type of people living.
But Albertson's no matter where the location is, seems to attract these miserable obnoxious people who behave in a way that's just absolutely unacceptable.
Well, that's strange. I didn't know that you meant the older crowd because every time I've gone in Albertson's they're very strange looking to me.
But I haven't run into older people so much. I only go into Albertson once in a while when I have to grab something quickly in their open.
Which one is this?
It's one of Fort Lauderdale on commercial.
Oh yeah.
And strange people. I mean punk here do's and things like that and weird.
No, it's funny because Kyle was telling me that he have a new Albertson's in Pembroke Pines at University in Pines.
And he was telling me that he was the same word. He said the strange, strange people.
And people.
Yeah.
And coming in with a child and the child looks great and you think that there will be two normal looking people pushing the card or whatever and they're weird.
I mean they look, you talk about the Celtics.
This is something strange and it's always been that way ever since they opened.
And I don't know why. It isn't just because it's two o'clock in the morning or something like that.
It's all the time. There are a few normal looking people.
I go in there so there must be a few.
But very strange people and I've never seen a bunch of old people.
It's always young and spaced out kind of.
Yeah. Well maybe Albertson's only attracts spaced out people of all ages. Maybe that's it.
Except me. Except me.
Except us. Yeah.
Yeah. Right.
Okay.
Okay. It's funny. I love the letter from Sandy and Mike.
Wasn't that good? I got another one here. I got a whole bunch of spotlight magazines that somebody sent me from four lotter day.
The mail today is great.
I could do a week's worth of shows just on today's mail.
Do.
Do some more.
Okay. I'll see you at Windixie.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
So 11 before noon at WINZ. Wait till you hear this.
I thought this was a put on. Okay.
I opened up this big mill envelope.
Linda Friend Reply Memo.
I will not let the Spotlights voice be silenced. It's one of these things that they, you know, hand around.
For people to subscribe to this anti-Semitic racist rag, the spotlight, the Liberty Lobby in Washington.
He sent it to the wrong person. He should have sent these to Daffy, shouldn't he?
Well, although I guess he already subscribes.
Dear Neil, I enjoy your show although I only get to hear you during the lunch hour.
Attach this information on the council on foreign relations and its sister organization, the trilateral commission.
You notice how they love these right wing nuts. They all love that word sister.
Right?
The seven sisters and the sister organizations.
And there are just a bunch of sisters in the spotlight, I guess.
I've included three weekly issues of the spotlight. They keep tabs on these two organizations.
I found their articles to be timely and informative.
Oh man. Is this incredible?
They normally charge $30 a year but are running a subscription drive and you can get 52 issues for only $15.
Thanks for the courtesy. Listen to the way he spells courtesy.
C-U-R-T-I-S-E-Y.
The courtesy of your time, Don, something or other. Davis. Don Davis.
In Fort Lauderdale. Thanks for the courtesy. C-U-R-T-I-S-E-Y.
Or maybe he meant courtesy.
Huh?
I'll tell you one thing.
If he's one of those sisters and he came in a studio, it probably would courtesy.
TENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACTENU FLACT
TILA FLUDWATERS OF A HERICAN RIFT-TROOTTOWN LEAVING HONORDS OF HOMELESS IF YOU CAN'T SPIRR EVEN A FEW DOLLARS TO HELP YOU WANT TO BE ASSAMED.
LIFE'S A BEACH.
I hope they don't see that in Hollywood. They really get upset. Somebody in Boka calling on her dime. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes.
Hey, I made two comments. I left my army 30 years ago. Did you get my ladder? I mean 30 years I lived there and I moved to Boka.
Did you get my ladder about the X-NOTS for you side of Argentina? No.
Stealing everything off of everything. What did you think about Mr. Donovan crossing himself? He was a pretended X-Preston. He's now free from the Reagan.
May I have a comment on that?
Tell you flex, tell you flex, tell you flex.
Okay, it's 11.55. By the way, some dirty old lady wanted to hear the leprechaun demand. Can you believe that? Was it no lady?
They wanted to hear that? Shame on her. Kendall, hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes. How are you? Good.
This is I'm a first time caller and I will say that I don't always agree with what you say but you are a very good commentator and you're not boring.
I'll say one thing for someone who doesn't have a show today and only mail to read. Boy, you're really faking it real good today.
And only what? And only mail to read. Right, that's it. Faking it very well. My call really isn't directed to you. It's to that young lady that called a while ago about the bilingual problem. I know you don't like to beat a horse.
Oh, God, I knew it. I knew she'd open up the whole thing all over again.
I am a Cuban American. I was born and raised here in the United States. My parents were Cubans. My father served this country during World War II.
I grew up at a time in California where there were no Cubans. I didn't know what a black bean was or a plant. And that was just a story I'd hear from a little island from Cuba.
And I moved here too in Miami with my husband 10 years ago for business reasons. And I've run across many people like this young lady who are always talking about the language, the language.
All I have to say for people like this is, gee, Liz, if this country is so bad because we speak English, why don't they go back to Cuba?
In this country, they're able to have a car. They're able to have a television. They have a chance to purchase a home.
I'm not talking about during the Castro regime. I'm talking about during the Batista regime and all the other regimes before them.
People like her and millions of other Cubans who now have a little house in a car in a TV couldn't afford anything because they were not allowed to.
Because I couldn't afford it. They didn't have the money or the education that was only for the elite. I want really irritates me is when I meet a Cuban American born and raised here.
And they talk like, my, I just gone from Maddie, what kind of stuff is that? I am the first one. I have no qualms to tell them. You're an American first.
Oh, but my parents are from Cuba. Who cares? You're an American now. Who cares? My grandparents are from Poland and Russia. Do you think I go to a big speaking Russian in this town?
Sure. And I tell them. And I said, listen, if it's so bad, go back. When we cap about because of Castro, we'll then stop crying.
If I had listened, my husband is Chinese from Jamaica. Right? If I had to go to China to live, do you think they're going to talk to me in English? They're going to talk to me in Chinese.
If I had to go to Italy, you think they're going to talk to me in English? They're going to talk to me in Italian. And I would make the best and I would educate myself to learn the language and to speak it properly without some kind of a foreign accent.
And I want to tell that girl, and I hope she's listening. If you're an American, be proud of an American that you're in the United States. Because if you lived in Cuba, you would have nothing.
Just remember that the United States has a lot of faults. It's not perfect. I know that. But it's a hell of a lot better than a lot of other countries. Because I have lived in other countries. And I know.
And I hope she's listening to all the other Cubans and those other people, Americans who are Cubans, and try to fix your language, speak better and don't pretend you're from another country.
OK, I'm glad you got it off your chest. OK, you feel better? OK, she feels better. My name is Jose Jimenez. OK, we're at the end of this hour. We have an open line indeed. 624-019. Well, let's not start on that today. Please, I beg you. I mean, it accomplishes nothing. It gets everybody's blood pressure up 50 points. And the bottom line is courtesy. I mean, if you want to get along, if you want everybody, then let's speak English. And let's cut the crap. Mike Wolff is here with a local and area news headlines.
CBS CBS has the world news that noon and that will come back at 1206. 07-1-1-1-1-0. We hope you have it a great day after. And we have about four options now because it's the new hour. We could do lunchtime at the Moldies.
And I want to thank the list who sent me touch me on cassette by the doors, which I've just carded up. You're like that. OK, well, I've got it at home. I've got it on compact disc and on record.
And I think also on cassette, I've got all those doors, LPs, but somehow I just can't remember to dub it. But now that it came to the station and it was in my hand during the news, what better thing to do than dub it on card, right? And I did it. Great. That's one.
Number two, one of the listeners sent me that letter. All those couple of people have already read it on the ear. That form letter that looks like a personal letter signed Dick Capen.
But it's not Dick Capen because underneath the signature, it says RGC slash IS. I think they left a word out. RGC is something, right?
Now, listen to the initials of whoever typed it and probably signed it. Who knows? It's just a form letter, a letter of desperation begging people to reconsider.
By the way, today's a good day to cancel your Harold subscription. I mean, if Gary Hart wasn't enough for you, they added an esponial the other day ought to be, right?
So that's number two. We could do that. Number three, the lady wanted to hear the leprechaunderm spot. That's number three. Or, of course, number four. We got a full board of calls.
They're that good. Are you serious? Oh, there got to be some good ones on here. No? Okay. So I'll tell you what, we'll take some calls and we'll take a vote. Should we take a vote?
I want we should do first. Okay. Wait a minute. Here comes a message. We got somebody on my beach. Who's alive? Okay. Hello? Hello, Neil. Are you alive? Oh, I'm alive. How are you doing? Okay.
I want to call you to tell you one thing. I haven't been living in Miami Beach for about three years now. Yes, sir. I originally moved down from New York about five and settled in Miami lakes on borderline of Haya, India.
After about two years of living there, we couldn't take it anymore. And we felt, well, if we're in Florida, let's go to the beach. I mean, that's the reason most people come here. So we did. We moved to the beach.
And I want to tell you, I feel like that saying will the last American please take the flag? Yeah. It's unbelievable. I don't think anybody in my neighborhood speaks English anymore. I mean, on my days off, I'm the only one around. It's so boring. Basically, I'm a musician. I'm a drummer, a rock drummer. And I always have a job in the daytime. I'm at my job right now, a matter of fact.
But we go on the beach all the time looking for things to do. You talk about club over $15 to get in. I knew that wouldn't last very long. And then another 15 just to get out. I mean, who would go there and their right mind? You talk about screaming people and yelling and everything.
Yeah, the night that I went into, there were a lot of screamers in there. I play in the camera. I play in the clubs around here. And basically it's mostly American kids who like rock a roll.
But the point I called to make was as a musician playing rock music in Miami, forget about it. It's a good thing that I record my own songs because I would go crazy trying to stay, keep my chops up here, trying to stay in rhythm with the community. There's no place to play. The same 40 people come out to see you.
Yeah. And it's really sad. I'm looking around the time. Where is everybody? Anybody's ever tried to make anything of themselves musically here has left. They've gone to New York, gone to California. And I just like everybody except Andy, he's the same way. I mean, you know, you leave, leave Miami and you go to Broward. So we have them all up in Broward. The only thing left are the Latin people on the beach. I walk into the store to speak Spanish. I go to my insurance man.
They only speak the Asian, they speak French. I go to the Japanese restaurant to get some to eat. They don't speak English. I feel like a fighter in my own city. You know what? I live in plantation. Everybody speaks English.
Yeah. Well, there's something. I mean, plantation may not be exciting, but there's something to be said for that. Well, I remember playing in plantation in a club when I was in the evening. And the only people that came out with the Indians, the Mesochian Indians.
It was wild. Well, you wanted Native Americans, didn't you?
We got it. One of the, I think our base player was almost body swam by one of the female Indians out there in the club.
That evening. It was a beauty. Let me tell you. I think the bounce of swam down the pool table. She fell off the pool table. It was rain on the floor for a few minutes.
Yeah. And we kept playing. We're looking around going on. What's going on here? That's a continuous dancing around like nothing happened.
Yeah. That's at Princess High Karate. I've seen her in action.
I love basically what I really want to the call says. I love your program. If it wasn't for you, I think I'd go crazy. I know me too.
Okay. Well, listen, hang in there. It's going to get a lot worse on the beach before it gets better. You watch.
You did here. I don't understand why I it's a beautiful place to live. It's just lovely here. The weather's nice or time Miami in general, but I just don't understand where everybody is going. Where are they?
I know this could be paradise. I keep saying that like over this holiday weekend, we had this great weather. And every time I'd walk outside, I think, boy, this is just great. Why is it? Why is it that we have to have all this misery among us? Why can't we just ship all those miserable people to Georgia and get rid of them?
Hey, I was in Georgia last summer. Yeah.
Waited at the bar. I couldn't wait. It was redneck hell. I couldn't wait to get back to Miami and see all the ethnic people fighting again. It's just wonderful.
I just want to say thank you very much for getting on the program. I wish you the best of luck. Hang in there. I don't know how you don't get an offer from this program.
Well, I just don't pay any attention to it. I'm reading the mail.
I'll start a car. Let's get back. Okay. See you later.
Well, you killed me when she said what was that promise that you made?
No, I got to love you. You're the first of the race. I can't allow you to just hold on to the sky. Are you in love?
Two-month, two-month, two-month, two-month, two-month, two-month. Can't you see that I am not afraid?
What was that promise that you made?
Why won't you tell me what she did?
What was that promise that you made?
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I don't love you till the first stop the rain
I like my surprise I am a huge type of guy
I like the luck that's what I like
Have you ever tasted it?
Crack the case, scratch the case, plant it and give it a fish
That's much more might be raster me, raster you, raster black, raster you, raster you
I want me till you raster you
Crack the case, scratch the case, plant it and give it a fish
That's much more might be raster than the first stop the rain
Crack the case, scratch the case, plant it and give it a fish
That's much more might be raster than the first stop the rain
I like my surprise I am a huge type of guy
Crack the case, scratch the case, plant it and give it a fish
That's much more might be raster than the first stop the rain
What do they think this is? Waxi?
We all request our this hour and I'll come up
Can we do that to the callers?
Although I will say this, we had a great show yesterday
And Saturday we had two in a row could have been three
Now this show today has been all right we haven't had too many malcontents or misfits
We did have that young Cuban woman who got hysterical and just made a fool of herself
But then the other woman called in and kind of redeemed her
And just figuratively speaking beater with a stick
I mean really put her in her place right?
Like on southwest eighth street
I mean she just put her in her place
So let's see a show on the phone
If there are people who are listening want to hear more bits and music this hour
Let's look at that six lines lit up already
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Well listen this is we like to do it the democratic way
You know what I'm saying?
We don't want to impose things on this audience
We want to give you the listener a chance to make the choices
When some Swami will try to put me down
And says He has a larger congregation
I tell him right away now listen here
I stood and kicked your heart out of my soul
This number one in the nation
All the faiths give us dollars for so many truths
Like you would tell your viewers
Be true to your show
I can't even score
Be true to your show
I knew Bob Yamoki embroidered and gold
And sure as gold
I wear it everywhere when I go round the other A's
They don't go what to say
So be true to your show
I'm flash flash flash
The nation is flash flash
Be true to your show
I'm flash flash flash
So put my body in breath
I'm flash flash flash
Be true to your show
I'll be jack up on the satellite service
I'll be ready to pray
I'll be standing up
I go friends at the altar in the choir
Now she'll be singing away
Be true to your show
Let your doubt rest in my mind
Be true to your show
Be true to your show
Yes, get down, yes, get down
Be true to your show
Yes, get down, yes, get down
Be true to your show
Yes, get down, yes, get down
Be true to your show
Yes, get down, yes, get down
Be true to your show
Yes, get down, yes, get down
Be true to your show
Yes, get down, yes, get down
Be true to your show
It's 115 at WINC, and what should we do?
Should we go back to the calls?
I guess so
Now we don't want to take up all the time
The valuable time of these people have been waiting so long on a phone
They probably got important things to do Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
The line, wait. Sorry about that.
Just pretend you were shopping in Albertsons.
How about Publits? Okay.
I turned the radio on this morning and I got that station in Fort Lauderdale
WFPL. Oh, FPL. Yeah, that's one that the electric company puts on the wires. Yeah.
Well anyway,
I heard him give him a commercial and it was one
Colored TVs,
Crypto Hawaii, seven-day crews and you know, etc., etc.
And these prizes will be given out in conjunction with WFPL and the Miami Herald
Where they must be desperate more than desperate. Jesus, when they start giving that stuff out. Yeah. Yeah
What does that tell you? You're not getting the Herald are you? Oh, no way I get the Fort Lauderdale paper. In fact, we we ought to start a new slogan to really kind of grind it into the Herald. No way Jose.
Very good. Is that good? Is that appropriate? Yeah, that's appropriate. Yeah
Another reason I called I
was in this cast Sunday was
So that's past Sunday. I put what's his name I wrote on and he had a record on there. He was playing and I got the very tail end of it
Yeah, and I thought it was Ronnie speaking the voice sounded just like him and
There was something about he had a dream. He'd been president for eight years
And I don't know how didn't hear the first part of the record was one and a few had it
Well, you know far be it for me to go into the rack and pull out
Ira's material here, but I'm looking for it now. You know the problem is you can't read his writing. Yeah, I think he writes in code
Oh, boy, really really good. Very good. Well, he's got good material in here that he's holding back. I'm gonna look for it
Okay, I'll look for it. Okay, thank you. Have a good day. Yeah, bye
Okay, just say no to the herald that's our slogan and by the way fathers day coming up do data favor this year cancel the herald subscription
Dad won't have to go out there and bend over on the stoop and pick up that rag
So do something nice for dad this year cancel his herald subscription and tomorrow be giving you the numbers again
Just say no to the herald we ought to get bumper stickers like that
No way Jose even in a little Havana
They say they hate the herald there too. No way Jose Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Hi. What's happening? Point is this when it's taught this
Friday I had to go to the bank to make top payments. I figured while I'm there. Yes, one of the clerks there
About free check and what do I have to do to get free checking so I don't have to do all the bookkeeping
Anyway, she tells me you can't get it because you're not a senior citizen, okay? So I says but that's
A discrimination you can't do that. I mean it's against the law. Yeah, so she says well, that's the way it is
And then there's old thoughts that next to her asking the other clerk a question says
When you get to be my age then you can get it as his baloney and says what makes your dollar any better than mine exactly
So she says me do you have a mother and father? Yeah, I got a mother and father but she says well you shouldn't brought that way
I said but I'm right
Ain't I so she says to me?
No, you're not then you sound like you listen to the orages
Right on mama. That's incredible. Are you serious?
That's what you think this show is becoming legendary, you know
Every other thing I want to take a little point against you. Okay
Pittsburgh pirates then the most improved team in baseball. Well, you could be so down on them
Don't get carried away. Okay, you know
Five wait a minute five game winning streak
The only bomb tree they made is they got sucked in by St. Louis again
It wasn't bad enough given them to the and turning out to be a sion the world one
Yeah, I'm not I have to give them pain you but outside that they made some damn good trade with the dodges
Sit dream and you know now they got a couple good young ball players out that outfield
Just remember a five game winning streak does not a season make and it ended yesterday
So let's let's
Yeah, the sign of a team that's improved and they're getting that great home attendance, you know like 4500 and
Now if we get the pirate crime if we could get the pirates down here then we'd have something
And I made an echo through the Yankee they really got some good young pitches
Really got three good young pitches from the Yankee and even though these guys might not be that good this year
And another year these guys are gonna be really experienced super pitches. Yeah, well, I hope you're right
It's been a long drought. It's been eight years now and I'm sorry
I missed the program yesterday was all set to go to go streaming now won't go and oh boy
Yeah, you give up all these horses. You could have retired today sir. I'm telling you I heard you gave out a
67 L.O. Yes, I did three-sided coin in the sixth race 67 county. You still called again
He won by five now. He didn't call to is still over Gulfstream. He's waiting for call
I don't know already thanks
I just wanted to talk to you about that story. Okay. I'll see you online. Thank you. Bye-bye
20 minutes after one at W.I. and Z we have an open line in Broward if you rush to that phone
For what are you foric last few days? This has been you know it has something going on
I think since I'd stop taking that blood pressure medicine those doctors. I don't want to get started on doctors today
But boy they can kill you
They make you into a human guinea pig
It's like they go back into the laboratory and are like doctor jekyll and they start mixing up all kinds of stuff with the detail man
And when they come out they have it in capsule form
It's unbelievable. Okay, let's do a break. We'll come right back
This is already okay. We're having a gigantic meeting a picnic on the front lawn all of the former wins employees are out there
And they're lined up all the way to Mimey Gardens drive. It's incredible. Unbelievable. I
Saw Dick Casper was out there too. I don't know what that means. Okay. Where we going fort Lauderdale. Hello
Are you there? Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I want to make a comment about Jim Morrison. Yes, sir
I don't know whether you know this or not
But two years ago I was in Paris and went out to the parallel series cemetery to be my respects to all the famous people who were buried there
And I was looking at my map because I have a map because you can't tell who was buried without the map
At a young couple came up to me and said can you show me where Jim Morrison is buried?
And I said who and then I realized who Jim Morrison was so I told him so I thought let's play two play third base for the pirates
Yes
So we walked along and all along on the other graves had been spray-painted arrows saying this way to Jim this way to Jim really
And as we got closer to his grave it said you're not dead
You're still alive. We love you and you finally come around to hills and trees and there's his grave
Yeah, and there about six or seven people sitting around the grave
There's a statue of him at the top and singing his songs and throwing flowers on the grave
I asked why was he buried there? They said he requested to be buried there
Yeah, he had ants in his friends. I get very good. Yeah, so that's all well
There's a cult you do realize there is a cult who really believes that he's still alive. I guess so I didn't know all of it being in the classical music rather than the doors
But I was amazed to find out it's still going on
Well, maybe somebody will call in let us know one of the cultists might be out there probably all excited after we played touch me very possibly
Okay, okay, thanks a lot
125 little trivia for you there
We have an open line in each county now. We'd like to join us in these last 35 record-breaking minutes in date county
624 0191 and in Broward 764
0707 is it really true that the afternoons on snooze went up after cane left?
I mean, I don't know why I'm asking the question because we don't talk about him anyway, right?
But I just couldn't resist it. Isn't that ironic?
We have a little piece we're going to play for my cantony at W.I.O.D today
Come on get serious
I
Didn't hear it was it something that I should have heard did I miss something good? Not that good
Okay, 25 past one at W.I.N.Z
If you're wondering what all these little messages are back and forth mind your own business, okay? South Miami. Hello. Hi
Hi, hey, I wanted to know if that was you I saw yesterday
Up at Fort Laardelle Beach twisting away for the spring break reunion
Yeah, that was me. Oh, you saw that guy on TV
Pardon you saw that guy
Well, you know, I saw Frankie Evelyn and county Stevens and I thought I saw you up there too
Now they showed that I thought they you did you watch the news last night? Yeah, they showed a fat guy there who looked a little like me
He wasn't quite as fat as I am
Boy, he was having a nervous breakdown twisting and worked up into a sweat and they just kept showing him
I don't know what that was all about
Yeah, let's be one of the stockholders at Channel 7. Oh, jeez
Yeah, it was a definitely a fun filled day up there. Yeah, well, that's gonna turn it around right?
I mean if they do that again next year then we'll have another big day next year and that'll be it great
Yeah, bye. Okay
Yeah, you notice all the commentary we've had about that in fact
We had more commentary on the Ovo today than we did about yesterday's big bash and Fort Lauderdale beach
I mean, that's really gonna turn it around. I guess as long as they keep a Janine Dean and Bobby V and
Connie Stevens and Frankie Evelyn there and a net
We can have a big bash every day, but I think that after the first couple of days
It might wear out to get like lunchtime at the oldies, you know
Hallendale hello
Okay
Who it is?
Green shirt. Oh green shirt. How you boy you must be getting excited
Yeah, well, I'm telling you to be able to go right back to the race boy. They're gonna let you out of jail on Saturday
I can't believe what they did to me. Do you want to talk about it? I know the story. Do you want to talk about it?
Your buddy, you know
Now wait a minute don't start blaming me. I thought you and I were friends now. It's it's the guy that I told him to
Take a walk
Harry Harry, crazy Harry. No, he's not my friend. I don't know who he is
Oh, you made that maniac that lunatic. Yeah, well, he deserves to take a walk me and I like a joke
Fell right into the trap. Okay, now for the audience
Soonders what this is all about this is green shirt who used to be that obnoxious guy had called her on the roof garden
But who then we transformed we wait made with a magic wand over him and he became a great guy and
A really generous horse player and you must have really been hurting with Julio winning all those races
You must have been having a nervous breakdown now. He's gone back with sample
This is Pazua's number one fan and he must have been did you hear me give those three horses yesterday?
No, I didn't hear the three are you serious? No, did you have free winners? I know you like
Listen to me. Listen to this. I gave out too much to drink with Molina in the second paid
1920 that's the horse that cost me all the
Aggravation and the double paid 175 bucks
I gave out Pisces princess in the third with man see they bet him down he paid only 580 but one by five and a half
And I gave out three sided coin in the sixth race who won by five and paid 67 20
Oh Jesus yeah, I don't have a day no. I didn't have any day. I wasn't out there. I didn't have a dime
You're getting like your buddy like called her exactly. I called a long shot and I never cash
With the horse of course we all the preemie too much to drink that with the double of 280 dollar double
Well, you must be ready though for Saturday. How's your restaurant doing? Yeah, I had too much to drink that day
That's when the problem started when the guy said I took a second idea and I cashed in and they banned you from the track for the rest of the meeting
But all you believe that no that was it you must have been having a fit. I went for psych
I went there a couple of times they threw me right out there really next time they're gonna throw the book at me
I said for what? Yeah, well you got to reform again. We had you in pretty good shape and then you went crazy again
I had too much to drink I had the horse. How's your restaurant doing? No, that's too good
Not too good. Well this time of the year boy. You just got to start right. We had a couple of young dancers there
They didn't do too good either. Yeah, you can't get the young ones in how and down no
Anyway, I hope to see you Saturday. We'll be there in the usual spot. I'm taking the day off Saturday, you know
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, you need a little relaxation
Well, no, I need a few winners
Well, you had the one in Sunday. You had my favorite. You get bad. I know yesterday. It's a tough one
Okay, well, I'll see you Saturday. Okay, take care. Okay. There goes green shirt
Lester
He's a good guy turn up, but then again, you know, he slipped up a little bit and got into a one of those
Contra Thompson there's something about people in horse racing. They love that word
Contra Thompson. Is there any special reason for that? Is that kind of a
racetrack sued word? Contra Thompson? Frank Wright loved that word man
He was always using that word then they took him off the air on W.O.R
So he used it one time too many Miami lakes. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay
Someone here in Dade County that speaks English
Hallelujah. When is this sir? No, I'll blow it by me old good for you. Hey, uh, Neil
Did you know Jim Morrison was arrested down here in the lake? Oh, yes, in dinner key auditorium
Yeah, for Lude and obscene behavior on stage. Yeah, he had a he had a
slogan for that concert when in doubt whip it out and he did
Yeah, what do you think he'd make it the FCC? Yeah, they'd be nervous about him. I guess. Oh man
In fact, we're gonna have a reunion
We're gonna bring back Lenny Bruce and Jim Morrison at the orange bull
Yeah, he wasn't required he didn't request to be buried over in France. That's where uh in Paris
That's where he died so they just buried him there. Yeah, he had all also too much to drink. Yeah going back to the last caller. Yeah
Um
I was talking about the
Latino community down here and whatnot
You ever drive around down in high lia? No, not if I can help it only when the tracks open
Well, have you ever done it? Yeah, I used to live there
I used to live right next maybe it's just me, but do you feel they drive different down there too?
They drive differently in high lia than they do while I noticed that when you're on a pometto and you're going by the
103rd street exit, uh-huh. It's hopeless. I mean, that's like the end of the world there. Oh man
I always tease my uh my wife that my blood pressure goes up about 50 points
As soon as I cross over the into the high lia line there it's amazing. I'm just like
Because I'm a pretty rational guy, but I go like crazy when I get in the high lia. I can't I can't take it
You start honking your horn a lot. Yeah, just for no particular reason, but uh
No, I think
They county's not a bad place
No, it's a nice place to visit you just don't want to live there. I live here. I kind of like it now
Do you where do you live? Miami Lakes. Oh, and Miami Lakes. I used to live right next door to Miami Lakes. Hi
Uh-huh 12th street or 12th Avenue, whatever that is. Uh-huh
And that but that's a long time ago. That's 10 years ago
I got to call you we got a lot of listeners here in Miami Lakes and there are some uh, are you serious? Yeah
lots of listeners. Oh come on in Miami Lakes
Sure
That's like try to tell me we have a lot of listeners in Coral Springs
We have one listener in Coral Springs and he called like three times yesterday
That's funny because I moved down to Miami Lakes from Coral Springs. Maybe I was the one listener
Hello, Neil. I'm just I'm reading a message here. Okay. It says Jennifer rim listens and she lives
in
Wait a minute
Oh in the lakes in the lakes they don't call it the lakes. Yeah, that's what all that's what all the upward mobile type
All the yuppies call it the lakes. I live over in the lakes. Oh
Man, I feel like I've learned something so valuable today the lakes. Yeah, you didn't know that that's incredible
Yeah, well first I'm going to live in the lakes of carriage hills first to check it out
They probably the upward types call that the lakes too. Oh, that's what I mean. Okay, listen hang in there. Okay, Neil. Bye. I'll see you on 49th street
They're so screwed up and high in high a Leah. They don't even know what number the street is, you know
Unbelievable. Oh, I know that Scott Walderman used to live there in in the lakes. Yeah, in Aliquarius. Is that depressing?
Okay, here's another story. What is gonna be okay? I mean, I'm sorry folks
That's I don't don't start me with Scott Walderman when you please them will tell Kathy West stories
Or really get the audience hysterical
Wonder how Kathy's doing. You think she's listening right now?
Or do you think she's pounding is she upset with me pounding? I mean, even that story in the waves said
We know who started it Kathy you did
Do we miss Kathy?
Hahaha
If the people in the audience could only see the looks that I get from Kyle in the control room
That would explain a lot of my behavior on here. He just you know doesn't mince his words my Emmy. Hello
Yeah, Neil yes, sir. Okay. I was listening to
WVWM down here the other day on Saturday boy
Have you taken the so far campaign 20 colleges? Let me tell you we have invited them
We have begged we have requested we've had students who said that they were gonna give them the petitions and we have heard zero from those
Dunderheads at V.O.M. Really shame on them. Yeah, it is because that's their their future
Not only that but the stuff they play on here a lot of it is marginal anyway
I mean, they really ought to be involved in this thing and you know they're out to lunch
Yeah, I used to help when you've never friend used to be at this truck at V.O.M.
And he's to help him with one of the shows. It was one of the it was he didn't follow any format or anything
Yeah, I think all those kids done at V.O.M.
And they're either doing drugs or they're dressing up in drag all of them. That's about it
You'd be surprised, but no, the together I heard is actually a friend of mine
So I'm gonna see what I can do for you there and I have a friend that's also in FIU
Political science major and he's often all these things
Please
He's too busy picketing everywhere really so I'm gonna take him off your
petitions and see if I can get him going with this because I went down to the beach yesterday and
I got like and between two blocks. I showed up one page
Excellent and I ran into this guy and I asked for the sign and he gave me two sheets
So get some more signatures. Yeah, we gave some petitions to Taffy over the weekend and her people were all handing out sheets
The kind you wear. Yeah, yeah
Okay, great. I just want to ask a favor could you play that card that you once played with two guys in the shower about the car?
Oh, that's gone. It's the only way I can play anything else for you, but that one is that was the best
fan-ish dino. They take all the good stuff away from me. I want to tell you I'm Cuban and I don't wear an earring, but
But you're working on it. I'm working on it. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Bye. Bye
24 no no more spiket and freeway that's gone
That's gone people in New York said we don't know how that slipped its way down there
But it floated down here as a matter of fact. It just flew we opened up the door one morning and it floated in the door
with John McLaughlin
And then we opened the door up and they just kind of floated out together so I don't know what that means
Okay, only kidding John only kidding
Boy, I love his wardrobe, don't you you like those hats? He doesn't wear those hats anymore. Does he that he used to wear no?
Now Rex Reed said some nasty things about that and he cut it out. Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah, about Panama City
First time car boy. This is taking us back to the beginning of the show now
I was in the Air Force in the early 70s and I got my words from keys for Air Force base to go to
Tindall Air Force base. That's where that was. They said Piano on City
I said Central America. They said no Piano on City Florida
I don't know if it's Florida for 20 years before I knew there wasn't a Piano on City Florida
Yeah, in fact, we have our own Panama canal over there. Right
And like I was there for close to two years and I'll tell you can take your bed and put it out on highway 98 and not fear of getting run over between
Labor Day Memorial Day. Yeah, that dead. Yeah, well, there's something to be said for that
Yeah, they mean to say that's where all the people from hell and they'll go after they die red necks and dead necks
Also on your thing about Canadians. Yeah, I've my daughter goes to MacArthur iSchool and I had her bring me a home of blank bumper sticker
And I made up a bumper sticker to put on the back of my um pickup truck
bumper sticker police probably gonna look be looking for me now it says make Florida road safe teach Canadian to drive
Now we're gonna put up a sign of the border keep them in Georgia. They're not letting them in anymore
Yeah, also I think our illustrious governor up in Tallahassee
You know with the Canadians and all these geriatrics and condo commanders
I think you're allowed to put machine guns in our current thing so we can get them off the out of the way
Yeah, that's coming next that's gonna be mandatory starting June 1st. Oh really? Yeah, oh good
Well, I'm the only only at the state Capitol. Okay, have a good one. All right. See you later
Okay, now somebody wanted us ordered us to play the Vatican rag now ordinarily
We don't get ordered around by the audience, but in this case it was the archbishop first you get down on your knees
Fiddle with your rosaries. Oh your head with great respect. I tell you flex. I tell you flex. I
Do whatever steps you want if you have cleared them with the pontiff everybody say is on Keri a liaison doing the Vatican right
Get in line in that processional step into that small confessional there the guy who's got
Religional tell you if your sins original if it is try playing it safer drink the wine and chew the wafer
Time to transubstantiate
So get down upon your knees fiddle with your rosaries bow your head with great respect and
J. You flak. J. You flak. J.
Make a cross on your endomen when in Rome to like a Roman our ve Maria
She's good to see you
Friday nights there to Miami cops with a hot new beat there on the streets fighting crime
Look pal. We just don't do strip searches for jaywalking
We get a problem
The mousse gang is back in town
Lieutenant in that the group of hairdressers who attack people on the beach hold them down and then
Set their hair. Yeah, they're back in town. Let's go get
They'll stop it nothing the clean up the streets
All the surf I'm sorry for skipping in the note skipping zones. I hope you guys don't
Get on to me. Just take a seat pal gladly a chair a chair
Yes, Key West Vice
All right, stop you pick pocket. I did your part of I am not a pick pocket. Oh
Sorry
Like is there a couple of hit Miami cops on a hot new beat in Key West Vice
Friday night at nine on mbc
There
There to Miami cops with a hot new beat there on the streets fighting crime
They pops at the handicap face air
In
Hall and Dale Vice
We get a problem the grey gang is up to the road tricks
Lieutenant and at the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird special after seven
They're back in town. Let's go get them
Yeah, stop it nothing the clean up the streets hey lady you can't cross here
You'll have to cross the line and they're determined the clean up the smuggling business
All right sister you're under arrest also now you're arresting my wife watch the charge session to powder
I'm gonna first tell you see that white stuff
Yeah, just a thought she's got over under bags in here
What sweet and low from that restaurant you just came out of a second man
Yes, they're coming in Miami cops on a hot new beat in
Hall and Dale Vice
Premearing this fall on mbc
It's almost like having a concert isn't it great while we're doing that in honor of the old wins employees
Who are meeting out in the front law and they're backed up now all the way to the lakes
It's incredible over there by the country club. We're Stanley used to take us all to eat that was great
What a cheap skate fort Lauderdale hello
Um
The oil I hear you from Rochester right right um what city was on
What city I mean what town did you live in uh Brighton oh Brighton okay well I'm from there
I've been down there 13 years from where I'm from around the quiet
A rondicoid I had relatives in a rondicoid why have my brother lives in Brighton great
Anyway, I just wanted to tell you that
Um once while you mentioned white hearts and red hearts and Don and bobs
Oh, yeah fantastic the best yeah of course all I tell you I like Don and bobs
A frozen custard that chocolate almond fudge oh yeah, oh boy that'll just knock your socks off
Yeah, I know
Well, I wanted to tell you if you don't know already there's a place
Uh down here that sells on the white goes hot
Is that the one down in the town of country mall? No, it's at Bayside. Are you serious?
Serious they have white hearts and red hearts were there last night my husband or I
And they're the list they charge real home and they're great
What's the name of it it's called uh hot dog express it's the only hot dog um
Uh concession up now I heard there were a lot of hot dogs at Bayside
Yes, yeah
Well, this uh this is on the second floor
And yeah, it'll stay right on the menu red hearts white hearts. So you know if you're over out there
Uh might bring back some memories. Oh only the best boy
Just the aroma when you walk into Don and bobs next to Brighton Elementary school there
That's why I went to school by the way Brighton Elementary really
Is Roger's your real last name no
Is my rough name is it no
No, it's be helper is my real last name oh
Now you see why don't use it on the air
Roger's my middle name oh
Well, you know my dad everybody knew my dad in that town, you know, he was in a meat business
So all the everybody in the restaurant knew him so
I thought maybe he might know him or something. I saw your picture in the paper for the first time
I saw it and I recognized you um, but I don't know maybe one time
You know, that's now I run into it. Where did you go to school? I went to run to put high school. Oh, I say yeah
And I came to college down here
But
Anyway, this one was a tie you well
It's always great hearing from Rochester and I know it puts the uh puts the rest of the audience into a coma
And I enjoy that because it's kind of like a little thing. We've got you know, it's funny
It's amazing, you know, it's I mean you're personality everything is
Everybody's so straight up in Rochester and no, they're not but I don't don't say that
I mean that's straight but everybody's straight least
personality yeah kind of like um
ultra shock when you come down here. Yeah
And I was just amazed to find out you were from there
It was as listening to you for a while
Well, I was straight when I was up there, but you know, that's another story
Okay, listen have a great day. It's good hearing from you. Okay, if anybody believes that they're really in the twilight zone
Straight is that broken arrow remember a cheap broken arrow who called the other day? Okay, now what are you serious? They want to hear the laundry?
I can't believe that
That somebody really want two of them want to hear that again
Boy
We ought to do an investigation on the taste. We ought to do the have the taste bud police checking out the audience
Well, I'm the kind of gal you take your clothes. Oh get them clean. I wash my eyes. I fold them. I'm the Chinese ones
I bleak some and I start some and I charge you by the
But I do it all for nothing just to watch them spin around cause I'm down on the
I'm down the
Washington's down the land
You bring me filthy underwear and hanky slick with
Your dress should stay with ducks as you are just a loyal sub
Your undershirts are yellow and your trousers will be good for
Don't get me long I'm not complaining. That's how I break my dough clad I'm the laundry
I'm the laundry
Wash things the laundry laundry laundry laundry
Yes, I'm the laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry
Well, there it goes right down the old
Right down the little hole in the ground. I couldn't believe it
I heard Alice the other day talking about the tidy bullman. Is that incredible? Oh, Alice come on honey
Let's get serious
Boy that child is really just um, I don't even know how to say it be kind be nice
Okay, listen, we're gonna take some more calls here. We're running out of time
This has been a very fast show usually the day after a holiday even though I work yesterday
Yesterday was a pretty easy show and we had a lot of calls and everybody was in a pretty good mood
But usually the day after the holiday and you come back at its pretty grim in fact for a while there
Do you remember that one point when the phones dropped off?
After about 40 minutes or so and it looked like it was gonna be like last Thursday
Don't forget by the way the day after tomorrow is Thursday
So you can start rehearsing now for your bad behavior coming up on Thursday
Howard ruffs investment advice
Okay, no the guy from biscuit gardens who called earlier. I appreciate the sentiment
But no, I do not want a copy of the Italian stallion tape. Okay, don't want the video would slice to long
In fact, I don't want anything with sliced alone. Can you imagine him naked? Oh, God
Give us a break will you
Speaking of sliced alone though. I think that in in honor of him if I can find it
Do you realize we need another carousel on here now?
Boy, that'll get y'all really upset. He'll have a nervous breakdown
I mean we've got this thing so full that it's just unbelievable. I can't find anything
I have to keep stalling in case you haven't already noticed
You'd have to be brain dead not to notice every time somebody calls this can I hear this and I just keep
Flicking this thing all over the place and I just can't find anything
We're just full of it. Okay, I'm going to take another call and I look for a while. We're uh my Emmy. Hello. Hello, male. Hi
Um, I'm gonna prolong the coma of your audience for just a little bit. I want to talk about horse racing a minute
Okay, well, we're almost out of time. Don't worry about it. Okay. Well, uh
I'm 24 years old and I know nothing about horse racing and I hear you talking with
All these people with this horseling go and I don't understand anything. I was wondering if it would be too complicated
Once I get to a horse track to get into the bedding whatever now. It's very easy really I'm very simple
There's like an explanation and books right? I think that in other words you've never gone to a track
You never go to the dog track or the highlight never are you serious? Yeah, I don't have any friends who you know about it either
Nobody nobody
Boy, I'll tell you maybe we'll take an hour on the show one day. We'll go into a um
Later this week. I think we'll do that. That's a good idea before call to opens on Saturday
One day this week will do an hour. We'll get into answer all the questions
We'll get somebody on the phone too. We'll get some expert some
I mean I hate to just sit there and pay and blow your money although I will tell you this
There's such a thing as beginners luck. There are a lot of people sometimes the less you know the better you are
Really just pick numbers
Or bet on names
All right, oh uh
The gentleman who sings the back and rag in the vertebrae. Who is that Tom Ler early HR?
He was very big in early 60s
There are three albums once called that was the year that was
And the ones called an evening wasted with Tom Ler and I figure what the third one's called there are three albums
And if you go like into peaches or one of the good records stores if they don't have they can order
All right, great and good stuff all right
Well, I'm looking forward to the educational horse racing thing. We'll do it for sure
All right, thanks a lot
Okay, and those of you don't like racing you see the thing about it is we don't have a family bill or a minors bill in
Florida yet where the only state in the country that is
Permuteual gambling we don't have any
Minors bill so unless you're over the age of 18 you can't get into the track which is pathetic because you've got to make people fans
When they're young like in baseball football any sport and horse racing in addition to the gambling is definitely a sport
So
We need to be on the air here promoting people getting out there having a good time
It's not the idea that you're going to take your lifetime earnings and go out there and plunge your brains out
That comes a couple of months later after you get started
But in the beginning you take a few bucks. It's entertainment. It's like going out and blowing a hundred bucks on dinner for two right
At burger king something like that
Okay, I'm going to look over these numbers now these are not the numbers for the track
These are the ratings
Numbers they do a month by month up there in the belts film Maryland. We shouldn't say arbitrar they get real nervous if you say that
I never said that I say arbitrage. I hear Marshall Moore talking about that all the time
Like when one company buys out another company like general electric buying out RCA
Or or Westie House buying up radio stations stuff like that
Sylvester still own stars in his most challenging role since rhinestone
Your man day in you came and you came without taking and now you're for it
Stallone is Manolo in Barry first went part one
America
Rex Reed says I love the costumes Gene Siskel exclaims four stars. Yo, absolutely Roger Ebert says
Has the popcorn
Sylvester Stallone as the lamp arm of the law Barry first went part one
You are the disease
It's I'm the cure
That's your and coming this summer I know you are but what a boy Rudger Hauer in I know you are but what a boy
Peewee's last adventure. I know you're
Okay, who's that Brian Norcross again. I can't believe it. Let's leave him alone. All right
He's giving the neighborhood weather in oh just this week
Okay 155 a W1 G let's do some real good calls here in the last couple of minutes. Okay like at least one Miami. Hello
Yeah, Neil. Are you good caller?
Okay, well, that was the University of Miami in the early 60s or late 50s
I recall the Tom Meyer records and red Fox where they ever played on commercial radio
Now that's a good question. I have no idea red Fox in fact in the beginning
You could barely sell that in the records story people used to have to sell it under the table
In fact pearl Williams called me on the air a few days ago. Remember her
No, I don't bell Barth and Pearl Williams and red Fox. Yeah, and
She was talking about the fact that in the beginning the record store is used to have them under the counter
You'd have to ask for them because they were so risque that they were real nervous
So I I doubt that there were too many stations playing them maybe later on in the 60s. Obviously that's when they started playing Tom Lair
Now there's one record. I wish you could get your hands on I recall and I think it was banned
And I don't know what authority has the right maybe the FCC to ban a record
It was a spoof on the Bible. I don't think recall this is in the 50s when I went to Miami high school
Yeah, I'm doing 56
Called in it's in the book
The record is sort of half sung and half taught it's about you know preacher
Never heard of that. No, it's in the book now. I'm just some calling around town. See if I can
Well, the bet that yeah the best way to do it called peaches or
One of those records stories they've got that big directory and they can look up anything that's ever been recorded
They can find out for you instantly if it's what label it's on if it's still you know in print all right
You'd like them play that you're some sure your listeners would enjoy it. Okay. Thank you now. Thanks a lot north Miami Beach. Hello
Neil yes
I've been listening to you but I've been trying to get a hold of the North Miami Beach Post Office because my
Postman hadn't been here and he says be here too. I'm a shut in
But I I've got a check here going out for the dfw fun razor. Yeah
and
So I can't get a whole post office up there, but anyway, I just and when it says down there for us and
thanks to Neil
at W.I.N.C. Great
Because
It just burnt me up when they said that so he went by there and I call the gentleman
So nice to me great and of course I live in North Miami Beach and not you know
Too far from him. I said by God it by cat Ford to give you $10 I sure
He sure can afford the 22 cents stamp
You know I just burnt me up when they call there yes
This gentleman went by and they said oh they changed their mind
Did you yeah? I can't believe that isn't that incredible to go all the way over to somebody's house
And then say well I changed my mind. Yeah almost
Well, don't worry about it. We more than made up for we got him a lot of money yesterday
Well, I've got a $10 check here made up
Because they're the dfw fun razor. Okay. Thanks for your help. All right, darling. Bye. Bye
Thanks a lot. Okay, nice lady and the audience has sent me a copy of the record that the gentleman was just talking about
That's great
Well, I'm telling you this audience as sharp as a razor sharp as a razor's edge
You name it they got it one of the great things about there's now where we have the single windows
You can hear everybody talking in the other room. It's
