Can we, is this something we can see on the ear?
Do it.
Then took a poll.
Ah, very cute, very cute.
Just get off the phone now.
You creep.
Ooh, stealing from Steve now by way of Bob Granada.
That's a joke, too.
Third generation stealing.
Yeah, a joke.
It's a joke.
You said get off my phone, I finished it, you know.
Don't forget now, get those names and addresses in the mail as we can.
So far, PO Box 2214 Miami 33055, and get those checks in there, too.
And we're going to only circulate petitions in businesses and in condos and churches and
synagogues or wherever else there are lots of people.
And we're going to get individuals to get involved in this by sending in postcards or
little letters with their name and address just saying, I support so far and free speak.
Pretty simple, right?
They can't do that.
I mean, if you want a petition, we'll be more than happy to send you one.
But if you're one of those many, the overwhelming majority are not petitions, gatherers, right?
Right.
Like me, outside of petition, but I'm not going to go out.
Yeah, you're basically a pretty lazy guy.
Absolutely.
Okay, it's 1018 at WINZ.
I'm the arranger's the indefatigable Ernie Sochino Bialog.
He's got a five hour review of Shoah from two to seven this afternoon.
So clearance will win the Derby Jose Santos in a desperate drive in a furious final 16th
of a mile.
It's crypto clearance.
Trust me.
Why, I wish I were out there at Gulf Stream, but I would get anything to be out there
with like good friend Jean Stevens.
Oh, yeah.
He'll be there.
Looking for you.
Thanks again, Geno.
I couldn't have done it without you.
Could never have gotten a book like that without your help.
And Sunny Rosenberg, too.
Can you believe that douchebag, Sunny Rosenberg is going to be replying to the channel
10 editorial?
Wow.
That moron.
The honorable mayor responding to the editorial about me 630 channel 10 Monday night, according
to Ron Sacks.
Ron turns out to be a pretty good guy after all.
We always thought he was a real pain in the neck.
And I talked to Greg Bidell, who's doing some stuff for 10 and he may do a piece on the
so far thing.
He said he thought he would.
He thought he could do it.
Well, he better do it.
And I want to threaten you Greg, but I think he'll do it.
I think you will.
If possible.
Hollywood.
Hello.
How's it going?
Pretty good.
I think you just should simply fry glant.
Okay.
That is the only answer to it.
Well, we'll get daffy and working on it.
Hey, listen, a whole bunch of friends listening to you for the very first time.
Could you please?
I know it might be patented.
Anything you want, sir.
Anything you want.
What is it?
Oh, there they go.
Well, I tell you, they're quick today, though.
They really are.
They're waking up slowly.
Let me read the memo again from our program, Mangler, Mark Cune dated April 28, 1987.
Kathy West has decided to abandon the Saturday morning program on WINZ.
Like the word abandon.
Yeah, it's an interesting choice.
Kathy and I have been working under the agreement that her transition to talk was an experiment
and we'd bang around with it and see how it goes for a few months.
Well, bang around.
Yeah, too much banging.
It's her decision to leave the show.
I commend her for her hard work, a great attitude and her loyalty to the station.
Not to mention becoming one of Neil's favorite targets.
See?
I get blamed for everything.
We wish her well.
Meanwhile, this is one of the most profound statements in the history of memos.
I want you to listen to this.
Meanwhile, Saturday mornings continue on.
Yeah, right.
Is that profound?
Yeah, that's profound.
Like, you folks in the audience don't realize how lucky you are because if Mark hadn't
written that in the memo, we might not even all be here right now.
This Saturday mornings continue on.
Okay, is that profound?
For him it is.
The adventure continues.
Now, listen to this next line from the Dr. Mangle of Talk Radio.
We will experiment further with some people.
First one out of the shoot this week will be Glen Hill.
Stay tuned.
That's the memo.
First one out of the shoot.
Like, he shot you out of a cannon.
Yeah, it's painful.
I thought the first one out of the shoot would be the ten horse and they had derby today.
Well, I'm telling you this guy, they want the vices.
They've already, they're doing the vices out there.
You'll get it all today folks.
We're playing all the material, the whole rack during this show today.
As our way of saying thank you for being so indifferent to the show last two days.
It's true.
This happens to me every rating book.
We're not given the numbers on the year anymore.
We won't talk about the ratings.
In fact, I'll lie.
No.
I'll say, boy, we really did lousy.
We start and then they'll, oh, we're so, don't feel bad.
You know, they will get a lot of calls, sympathy calls.
But every time when a book comes out, we did great this week until Wednesday, till the
book came out, then the minute the book came out, bingo.
It's like, okay, we've beaten up a tenured him, screw him now.
You know, let's go on to something else.
Like Sandy.
Hoppano, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Passies, racer remark.
Which kind of racer remark was that?
I don't know, sir, but you bore the hell out of me.
They harbor Rylans, hello.
Hi, Bill.
I think Graham has class.
And I think he has a kind of class, but last.
And I think his last is traming, especially when you get early in the morning and he's
going around trying to get things together.
And I really think he sounds like a very charming guy.
Well, he's not, but he sounds like.
Or does that look like it?
I wish you a lot of good luck.
Okay?
Say thank you, ma'am.
I appreciate the call.
He said thank you.
I really do.
All right.
Okay.
Okay.
10.30 right on the stairs.
10.30 right on the nose.
Glenn's got all these set up calls coming in.
But once we get these out of the way, then the truth comes.
Yeah, right.
They're not.
You have a couple of open lines.
You have it exactly well in this audience.
We have an open line in day 624-0191.
And one in Broward, 764-0707.
And speaking of Broward, if there are people in Miramar parents or students, I mean,
it is Saturday.
Although I know that they don't listen to this show.
But along with our survey on Glenn this morning, we want to hear from some of these
who went to Miramar High who got so upset because their principal was insulted on the
air and the school and so on.
And they apologize because they thought it gave the school a bad image.
How stupid could they be, huh?
That's Jeff Boucher or student at Miramar High said that.
Their school was getting a good image because the kids there had enough guts to stand
up for what they wanted.
Isn't that true?
They were getting a good image.
These were a bunch of students who believed in what they wanted.
This is just an...
What is this sound?
Is this the hero?
It's what I had right before me here that I was just reading from.
What are you guys going to get with it, all right?
Glenn's going to do the talk up on this.
No.
The step all over, man.
I'm going to be so embarrassing that they're probably wanting back on Gloves 94.
No, I don't think I haven't got any audience anyway.
Trust me.
Absolutely.
See, I stepped on it yesterday, but I wouldn't do it again.
Perfect.
I hear it once or twice.
I can.
Perfect.
Wasn't that good?
Yeah.
Big deal.
I feel like I'm on at nights again.
Do a 40-minute screaming wild monologue on the end of the world and something.
Oh, Neil, have you got the chiropractor, is that...
Uh-huh.
Boy, we're really regressing this week.
I'm telling you, things are not going to go so good.
You better talk up this station, folks.
You better run all around with a sandwich board on, because that's the only promotion
we're ever going to get.
Sorry, man.
All right.
Well, I can't believe what Kathy said on the air yesterday.
He kind of just waltzed right by it.
I didn't hear it.
I really didn't, because I would have dumped it.
Dumbled, did you hear it?
Yeah.
Not, I mean, you did Kyle hear it.
Did you hear his say, SH?
She said it on the air, you know?
Yeah, the loud and clear.
Oh, yeah?
I didn't hear it.
Kyle is going to write me a message, Doc, because he would have dumped it if he
would have heard it.
Well, where is me?
The next week, what if Wayne doesn't come back?
Who are you going to have on?
Next Saturday morning.
Yeah.
Lee Fowler.
Now, I'll come back if they'll let me.
Oh, I see.
Kyle thought she said, SHIFT.
I'm tired of taking your shift.
Oh, there could be something really some sexual innuendo in that.
How did they take you here?
She was talking to the guy on the mobile phone.
She gave.
Anyway, you remember, she gave three reasons why she quit.
A, she was like an airship, the high-sync.
Yeah.
A, she's going to go raise her babies.
B, her husband is doing real well.
Where she's got a razor skirt, probably.
And she'll start all over again.
And three, she said, Neelan, tired of taking your shift.
That's what she said.
Basically.
Well, that's what Kyle thought she said.
There's nothing wrong with that.
All right.
But she left the F out.
That's why we didn't dump it.
Oh, boy.
But further we go with this, man.
We better.
So worse it gets.
That's one of the seven worse it gets.
Now we got two of the seven.
Anybody go for three?
Feel like auctioning again.
I'm sorry, sir.
What were you saying?
I was going to say Al still playing that dumb old talk
about most listened to Togger radio host on the show.
I just want to.
Well, when is the audience going to bombard him with complaints
and say, stop lying already?
OK.
I'm going to hang up and call him out.
Thank you.
Good.
What a bunch of liars they are over there, huh?
They may not be number one in listeners,
but they're number one in lies on WS news.
You know how every book comes out?
People find a story somewhere in the book.
If you look under the column of lies,
most lies per average quarter hour.
They're number one, but see it doesn't.
It says most listen to talk show host.
Yeah, you know, you can say number one because all
stay on.
No, no, no, most listen to has to mean either key or average
quarter hour.
He's not even close and either one.
See that in the first in arbitrage in anything.
Right.
I wonder where not even close.
See on why 100 they say number one, why 100,
but they're number one someplace, you know, in the book.
But on the show, it's this most listened to,
yeah, which is a blatant, absolute,
labyrinth, absolute lie.
That's correct.
It is not true.
Shame on you, Alice.
Hang your head in shame.
Like Tom Dooly, 23 before 11 and W I and Z,
we're finding out whether Glenn still has a job.
I'm really kind of surprised because there were a lot
of those ladies who just despised this one of Kathy's
female fans said she didn't say it.
I didn't think she said it.
Yes, she did.
I think you're hallucinating.
I was right next to her.
She said it.
Let's call Lee Fowler and tell him we've got another guy
hallucinating on the air here, like me and Jika.
I don't think she said it.
I wouldn't kid you about something like this.
I wouldn't trust me.
Easy for you to say 22 before 11 at W I and Z.
And some of you chickens in Miramar,
well, you better call in between now and two.
I'm telling you because you have to in one day they blew it.
Is that incredible behind?
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing today?
Really good.
OK.
Just one criticism for Glenn.
Good.
I don't want them to get the same thing that Kathy had.
That's the Pawnee Rubble syndrome and that's giggling
at everything you say.
Yeah.
I mean, there's no room for another egg-mick man on the air.
But other than that, I think that he was certainly an
improvement of a Kathy.
And I wish him the best of luck, sincerely.
How about Kathy?
Do you wish her the best of luck?
Well, what's the difference?
Let me ask you a question about the Derby.
Yeah.
We're having encrypted clearance.
Good.
OK.
What about William K. Dilly?
No chance on William K. Dilly.
William K. Dilly, counterfeit, counterfeit, counterfeit.
Bogus horse?
Bogus.
And I'll tell you another bogus horse is that Gullchie is known
in the trade as a puke.
Yeah.
Well, on the word for it.
When he gets to the top of the stretch and he looks down
at long stretch of Churchill Downs, he will puke it out.
Question.
Let me ask you a question.
Can you advance that race at Colstree?
Sure.
What time?
Well, you wouldn't know when they opened it.
You wouldn't have been it and then watch it at home?
Yeah, the window's open like at 12.30.
Great.
Great.
I appreciate it.
Well, the best of luck to you guys.
Thanks a lot.
Hello.
What do you mean, Alabama?
What does that mean?
Hello?
Hey.
Yes.
Yeah.
He's coming in great up here, Neil.
I was calling to find out how in the world.
Wait, wait a minute, sir.
Yes, sir.
Up where?
Dozen out there.
Where?
Dozen, about 15 miles.
You're dozen?
Dozen.
Yeah, something like that.
Oh.
You got a banjo on your knee, sir?
Yeah, all of that gets to the drama pick up.
Got riddle slacks.
Great.
Got gun in the back of the window.
All right.
Croom dog.
A croom dog?
Yeah, I got my croom dog, too.
Great.
Oh, I was calling to wonder how in the world did you hear about two-eighth floors?
What?
About what?
Two-eighth floors?
How did I hear it?
I spent a week in two-egg one time.
A week?
Yeah.
Well, since you started talking about it, I mean, we had a population explosion up here.
You know, just like in Highland, Neil.
Really?
Yeah, I mean, we had about four or five halls, a couple cows, a few horses, and everything.
We had a couple kids, and my dog got out.
Yeah, while it probably got more sense than most of the people who live up in two-egg.
That's right.
That's your tree.
That's not too far from Perry, is it?
Perry Fordham.
No, Perry, New York.
Gee.
Perry, Joe.
Here, we on.
It's about 120 miles in my head.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
We on, all of that.
Can I say that?
No.
Oh.
Yeah, I'll call the key.
Wouldn't read it now.
We're really making it now, folks.
She poop.
That's the next, oh boy.
I was, you know, I'm not coming, I'm going to call it.
I enjoy the last matter fact.
That's, uh, really?
I, I, I just great.
And, uh, it's a little warm in here, by the way.
I don't want to start complaining, but you're my people.
People love the people of the earth.
Okay, we got something coming up for you, sir.
Okay, thank you.
Have a great day.
Did he say limperist?
Friday nights, there two Miami cops with a hot new beat.
There on the streets, fighting crime.
Look, pal, we just don't do strip searches for J-walking.
You can't waste fights.
We get a problem.
The loose gang is back in town.
Lieutenant, in that the group of hairdressers
who attack people on the beach, hold them down,
and then set their hair.
Yeah, two back in town.
Let's go get a house.
They don't stop at nothing but clean up the streets.
All the sort of, I'm sorry for skipping them,
I hope you guys don't get on to me.
Just take a seat, pal.
Glad we're a chair.
A chair.
Yes, P-West Vice.
All right, stop you big pocket.
I beg your pardon.
I am not a first pocket.
Oh, sorry.
Just one, my giz.
There a couple of hit Miami cops on a hot new beat.
In P-West Vice.
Friday night's a sign on NBC.
There two Miami cops with a hot new beat.
There on the streets fighting crime.
They pop.
That's a handicap face, there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
In Helen Bay, old Vice.
We get a problem.
The grey gang is at the little trace.
Lieutenant, in that the group of senior citizens
who went around trying to get the early bird special
after seven.
Yeah, they're back in town.
Let's go get them.
They're stopping them to clean up the streets.
Hey, lady, you can't cross.
Here you'll have to cross in the line.
Yeah, they're determined.
They clean up the smuggling business.
All right, sister, you're under arrest.
Also, now you're arresting my wife.
Watch the charge.
Session to powder.
I'm gonna at first.
Let's see that white stuff.
Yeah, just a thought.
He's got over 100 bags in here.
Oh, what?
Sweet and low.
From that restaurant, you just came out of.
Let's take a man.
Yes, there comes a him by any cost.
On a hot new beach in Helen Dale, Vice.
Remaining this fall on MBC.
What do you want in the city where the mayor looks like a
figala like Sonny Rosenberg, a screamer.
You're a screamer, Sonny.
OK, let's calm down a little bit.
We got the three hours to go.
So far, Glenn's got all his friends and relatives calling
and he's doing very well.
I'm surprised the little old ladies who hated Kathy.
They've been quiet.
See, they're happy now so they don't have to say anything.
They're just licking their chops.
Is that really a show on couch potatoes?
So stuck in rust.
Tunes of major town.
Then my husband does it.
Kiss the cuckoo.
Oh, baby, forward cold.
And go out with a most grown man.
Don't booze and pee.
It's all here.
The headache.
The heartache.
The pancake.
Rock-a-bye, just use my face.
My bare-skinned, roboly-rays.
Tammy Faze, he is the rock that I called out from Monday.
Don't you buy my new album?
If you tell me you're burning hair, you're being a wheel.
Thank you, God bless you.
I'm going to go relish it.
And I have not walked into my house.
I've not seen my puppies and my kittens and all those things.
And I dear friends, that we love so much.
Dance and soul to the people at home.
We love you.
We wish you and dance.
And we hope all of the people we love so much will forgive us.
And help us to go on.
It's getting to the point now where you can't tell the reader
from the make-believe with, I mean, or I'm saying.
They become like a parody of themselves.
1107 at WINZ.
He'll run into his hair till 2.
And he's going to be along.
And it says on the board, he's going to have a headspud
of couch potatoes.
How does he do it?
Boy, a week after week.
How does Ernie manage to absolutely mesmerize the audience?
It's incredible.
It's got to be on the phone.
Yeah.
He couldn't be here in person.
This guy's coming from the circle you ranch.
These are kosher potatoes, of course.
Miami Beach.
Good morning.
Wait a minute.
Was that a fly that just came into the window?
Glenn told me to call after 11.
What?
I have a lift here.
Glenn is great.
He is a talented person.
I can't read his writing here, though.
You love his lamp?
No, he's much better.
You want to help a lot better job than Joe Johnson did
on his urgent show on the other station.
OK.
That was an unmitigated disaster.
Joe Johnson is a virgin, by the way.
That's what Linda reported in her column.
I have a question.
Did during your celebrity calls last couple of days
did Steve Kane really call you up?
He certainly did.
We had about a 20-minute chat.
Do you want to explore anything with you?
No, he wanted to share some things with us.
Oh, because you were like the explorer thing.
We're sure.
And he was just like, no, seriously.
He'd just come back from 10 days
at the Desisto School.
I'm not making that up.
I know it's hard to believe, but it's true.
And he said it with a straight face.
That he was having his head shrunk up there.
Since you're not in the science of radio for a long time,
I was just curious because I've just
gotten into the AM talk radio listening
for probably last maybe a year and a half.
How often does this shifting around the people
occur?
Is this like a...
Well, if it's an IOD, it's like every two days.
Because people from Love 94 have gone to television,
people from television have come to radio from FM to AM.
And it's like you got to keep a little card
and see what all the players are.
Yeah.
Now, that's primarily an IOD.
They changed the lineup.
See, there's so much into sports
that they've got this kind of lineup philosophy.
And when things don't work, they just erase it.
And they put somebody else in a clean-up spot.
You know, it's kind of like the locker room mentality
they suffer from over there.
Well, I want to congratulate you on your ratings.
Thank you.
I'm glad somebody has taken notice of it.
Oh, it's great.
I thought you were in the 11% or, you know, 11,
but I wasn't sure what the numbers were.
No, no.
Sevens and eights.
I guess that's real good, too.
Well, in the daytime, it's like a twilight's all.
It's so good.
Nobody believes it.
I had another final question.
How does a smooth, somal cast, when...
You know, I mean, I was wondering how you all do that.
How they play your material at the same time you're doing it.
Is it just like some kind of new technology
that we don't know about?
Yeah, well, we have this thing.
When you're doing things and then you start playing music
and then also now start doing the same thing.
I just think it's been credible technology going on.
Well, years ago when I lived in Boston, many, many years ago,
WBZ in Boston used to have a subcarrier in Springfield, WBGA.
In fact, they used to need a station brake, WBZ,
Boston WBGA Springfield.
South Miami.
Yeah, South Miami, Miami.
Fort Lauderdale.
I love those Ken Nordene bits that are pieced together
in the station brake.
WN, WS, South Miami, Miami.
Fort Lauderdale, Miami Beach, Hodges, Kendall.
I mean, they were recorded like on 15 different weeks
in different pitches of voice.
One, Ken had...
He had laryngeitis on one of them.
And it just really sounds good, man.
It sounds almost as good as Al Rantel,
Sound Florida's most listened to, talk to your host.
Then just...
You know, they just go on oblivious.
They think they really are insulting the intelligence
of all the South Florida.
They think everybody out there is a moron
and will believe no matter what they put on the ear.
And of course, there's one about 2% who do.
Hey, Michael's from WWHR.
What we should do is...
Whenever a group of an answers are together,
it's have a director, and then only only have one mic on it,
one time.
And do like they do in television.
And then Neil can do his Oprah Winfrey.
He can run around with the microphone and say,
what?
Goodbye, Neil.
Have a great show.
Is that it?
Oh, he hung up on us.
God.
Well, I see we boxed him into a corner.
He boxed himself into a corner.
He did.
That's Jay...
Jay, what's his name?
Jay Michael.
I'm only Jay...
Jay, what?
Whatever.
From horror radio.
WHR.
What call it, or is that?
Big horror on your radio.
1130 at WINZ.
We have an open line in Broward where we just...
We're hung up on our high spot.
Very big radio personality.
Larry Kent.
764.
0707.
764.
0707.
Miami, hello.
Okay, don't speak to me.
That's okay.
Don't bother me at all.
Bag.
1131 at WINZ.
We have an open line in date now.
A six-hour-like at the prom.
Okay?
In Miramar, Miramar High.
HE SON OF A...
I wore so sorry, Mr. Sancy Victoria, we think of the old Bag.
We going to get our best behavior.
Can we bring some jelly beans to the prom, the president likes jelly beans.
Spreading folks, the soft Florida malaise, it's spreading from
Halendale to Miramar. Next thing it's going to cross the county line into
Carroll City and we're going to be swallowed up in a big cloud of mongol.
Oh, look out, it's coming up the road. We can see it up on 47th Avenue. It's
rolling under the turnpike overpass. It's rolling down in front of 207th
Drive and here it comes, crawly right up to the street to the WI and Z
studio. Hello, hello. Hello, Neil. This is Craig. You don't want
it's like not to have a rating book in your pocket. Listen, I went to
park to my boss there. The gang is kind of radio management and I can't
even get a raise. You don't want it's like to go by a McDonald's without a
doll in your pocket. On a scale of tensor about a minus four, but not too
big. Keep on working on it. I'm working on it. Anyway,
don't be back in a cell. We only do positive on this show. If you want to knock
somebody, call somebody else. I don't knock. Really see the problem is I can't get
my voice that high. Yeah. What can I say? I can. Well, listen, I'm enjoying the show
today. It was definitely a lot better than last Saturday. Last Saturday was I was
embarrassed for you guys really to point a phrase, but I'm. Oh, wait a minute. We have a
young man. Now, wait a minute. Can you verify this? I have an important message
on the screen. Young man said he would donate $100 to so far if we would play
Tammy phase record albums spot in the next minute. You'll hold on, won't you? Sure.
Of course, you'll hold on. Is that legit? Okay.
I'm.
Oh, I make. And say a lot of praise for you. Finally, the 10 record set you've been waiting
for Tammy phase unbelievable new album. Here's the rock. I called out from under.
I put six to two times of makeup on. Then my husband does it. It's a
song. Oh, baby. Forward. And go. I will. I'm all grown up. I'm losing peace.
It's all here. The headache. The heart. The pancake.
Rock of age. Just use my face. My.
I'm a scared.
Tammy phase. He is the rock that I called out from under.
Want you buy my new album? If you're daily, you're burning hay. Oh, you're really
real. Thank you. I'll bless you. Okay, sir. I'm sorry about it. No problem. Hey,
Reption. It's. It's worthy cause. Listen. Enjoy. I enjoy Glenn. You got to quit laughing
so much, though. I mean, you know, I can't help it, sir. The. This man here just.
He just a silly person. Yeah. I'm silly person. And that. That is not like Ed McMahon.
My laughter is legit. It's. That's what's frightening. Yeah. Everybody's laughter is unique.
It's like in everyone's voices. Unique. So I mean, you know, you have your laugh. Yeah.
But I work. I enjoy. I enjoy. I enjoy. I say I got a guy. He's a unique.
He's stuck. Scandals or whatever. She was into. I mean, I don't know. But I hurt.
She wasn't very good looking. So I'm glad I didn't go all the way out to see
you. Smith. Mark. Who was that tiny Tim West? Oh, God. Tiny Tim. Really? Is that what
you look like? And she's the one that said that. Well, I don't know. He's patterned
yourself after tiny Tim. He's saying, alright. But she's, you know, just, I don't know.
She just had something missing. You know, there was something like a brain. Oh, God.
Poor Kathy. I hope you two are still friends after. We are. Although I don't know what she
really told Linda, I guess we'll read it on Monday in the hero. Maybe tomorrow.
Oh, boy. Okay. Well, listen, I just wanted to call on say, Neil, I support you so
far, effort. And I'm going to be sent away real soon for petition. What the heck? I'll find
25 people somehow. Great. But I enjoy the show as always. It's always great. And
Glenn keep up the good work and really give those whims in Miramar a hard time.
Because I can't believe that a city that I was raised in and a high school I went to.
I can't believe they can be so spying with me. Come on. Give me a break. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Alright. Take care. Okay. Great car. Wouldn't you say it was good? Absolutely.
And Tinkled a lot, but he was good. Next car is on a mobile phone. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Congratulations on your ratings. Oh, that was good. Another one of those antiques
in Damia. Sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes. Oh, you can hear me. Oh, I thought it was close
away. Better going nuts now. You know, it's getting close to two o'clock and Ernie's
going to come on to go nuts. It can handle it. I like the answer for a favor.
For the past five weeks, I've been trying to explain to my wife, Patty, about the different
bits you do and the things you play in trying to describe the Michael Jackson thing.
And I know you really are not crazy about people calling and requesting. But if you can
play that with an X-T-S-R, I appreciate it.
Hello. This is Michael Jackson. Ernie, you'd to help stop the spread of social disease.
Don't risk your life by having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar police.
I urge you to do like I do. Go it alone. But make sure you wear protection.
That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson glove.
More than on either hand, the Michael Jackson glove adds the security piece of mind that I need
to do it myself. So remember, before you throw that, put it on. And...
The Michael Jackson glove, proving once again that I've heard on the hand is better than one in the
Bush, the available and frequent models for extra stimulation.
Okay, now this next call is either from LaBelle or from Patty LaBelle. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Hey, good day.
A long time listener talk radio on South Florida. I lived many years in Fort Lauderdale.
And we were in LaBelle, which is the county seat of Henry County.
Right.
And we are about 30 miles from Fort Myers.
And we are really up on what's going on pretty much through your efforts with the
teams a lot of times. And also we are a record store. And we receive billboard all time.
And it's quite interesting, like you say, with the controversy that, you know,
if people didn't want to listen to some of the shows, they could turn them off.
And listen to some of the other stations. I have some friends that work for
in the technical department of another station that you mentioned quite often.
That's on 441.
Oh, yeah.
Are they playing in traffic today?
No.
No.
No.
I don't know what their station is.
But I have, like I said, most of the long time friends that do work in a technical
people over there. And one of your former production people is now the news director of our
local radio station up here.
Who's that?
No, only.
I can't remember his last name. I just met him the other day. He just came up here last
Monday. He worked in production at Winds because he came in the other day and said,
hey, that's my old station on the air.
And he is on the air up here.
They have 3,000 watts.
So they have a big listening audience.
They're basically a country station.
But the Miramar High School thing is very interesting because here in
Libel, which I described as being two hours and 30 years away from Miami,
the Libel High School prom, guess what their theme is.
Never say goodbye.
How'd you guess?
In La Belle.
Yeah.
Oh, man, I'm telling you. These kids over in Miramar, they ought to hang their heads in shame.
And the interesting part about this county is our basic images,
you know, good old boys right next to them.
You scratch the surface.
Like myself there from New Jersey or lived many years in Chicago or New York or South Florida.
You know, in Miami, Fort Lauderdale area.
And that's hard of all the silliness like the Highlandale Commandos and so forth.
Yeah.
I remember back when some of the other 12 people first came to Miami.
And they were quite interesting.
But over the years, it gets very boring listening to the same thing over and over.
And I lived for many years just outside the city of Dania.
We were involved with some of the politics and then the round-broward county.
And it's amazing how long they let some of these politicians still stay in office.
Yeah.
Millet, listen, it's just about everybody weighing for Lauderdale.
So there's nobody left to vote them out.
This is true.
This is true because the area I live in we're outside La Belle and everybody has two and a half acres.
Almost all our neighbors with very few exceptions are from South Barred.
Hmm.
And we're talking about, you know, 600 different people, you know, which is a small area up here,
but you know, compared to Broward.
And we're down there quite a bit, you know, for business reasons and everything.
And it's like you say, how in the old Marching West in South and whatever.
Yeah.
The sunny Rosenberg Deaths Syndrome is covering the whole area.
Pretty soon they'll be moving north from South Johnson.
How in the old habit to give them that too at times, you know.
Like what?
They're one Chinese restaurant there.
It's on Federal and, how in the old Beach Boulevard?
Chinese.
They can name it.
We're in there one time about a couple months back.
Yeah.
Pretty decent.
Okay.
Well, pretty decent is one thing, but sensational is.
Oh, okay.
Well, we're going to go now.
We're comparing to some of, you know, living in the country and going to the big city type.
It's pretty decent.
Yeah.
Well, I bet you they got great cuisine in La Belle, huh?
Yes.
Yes.
Are specialty at swamp cabbage.
We have a big swamp cabbage festival every year, which is why most of the people
get swamp fever up there.
Not really.
Mostly people are pretty, pretty much up ahead of what's going on.
And in fact, I don't know if you saw a billboard this week about the
Clare Cup in Bay County, which is up in the panhandle, was arrested for selling two albums.
Oh, yeah.
Album.
Yeah.
In fact, I heard it first on the news on your show last week, sometime in the North
one distributor we deal with all the time my MAA mentioned it.
And that has been the number one seller in South Florida for months now.
In fact, when their full-inch dance record came out in the fall,
kids were begging for it.
And that was the dirty version of it.
The album has the clean version.
Yeah.
So I can imagine what these people do if they heard the other version.
Thank you.
Thank you.
First thing for a long time.
Sometimes we don't get the call.
And this record said we do run a record store.
We keep up on what's going on pretty much with the entertainment industry.
26 after what at WINZ.
I'll make a deal starting next Saturday.
I'll come in about 9.15, 9.29, 30 maybe.
And Glenn will stick around till about 10, 20 or 10, 30 and that's it.
That's all across over what we're going to do.
And I can overdo this during the week.
We're going to sit him over in the corner in the room.
He can laugh way in the background.
So only people with good hearing can hear it.
I don't want to get blamed for everybody else for their success,
for their failure, for when they quit, for when they have a baby.
I mean, how can I get blamed for that?
You know, I mean, that's really reaching.
It's incredible.
Beer field, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes.
What are you doing at work?
Should be a golf stream.
I know.
That's what I'm going about now.
Great.
I'm going to go bet that can fucking derby.
Who are you betting?
Don't.
Come on now.
Are you serious?
Hey, Dick was on the other day.
Yeah.
And he said that they couldn't,
golf couldn't win if he had a van to take him there.
It wasn't golf.
I bet the articles, the parties they were talking about.
Well, let me tell you, they can put gulch right on the,
make it a milk wagon and put them side by side.
You don't like them, huh?
When they hit the top of the stretch,
gulch will be in reverse.
And by the way, his dosage index is 4.71.
Anything over four, no horse with a dosage index of over four
has ever won the derby.
Uh-oh.
I'm in trouble.
Now listen, I don't want to tell you.
Yeah, I know.
Look at that.
We just got food coming here that you wouldn't believe.
Hey, me, I was going to tell you, you know, when you had that
early bird special, they should make a steak race, early bird steaks.
They do have them.
They have early bird stallion steaks.
It's right in the program.
Well, they should have like 100 old people have a seven-throw-and-raise.
And at the finish, we're going to set up lobster shrimp and steak.
Yeah.
And we'll let them go.
And you can be the stew it.
Excellent.
What inquiries?
You'll be behind a board for about an hour.
You bet.
Well, it's a good luck in a day, baby.
You're lucky.
I hope you win a million to that.
We've got somebody frying at a dayed payphone.
Happy would be excited about this.
Hey, Neil.
Are you really frying?
Why you're on the hot seat now, sir?
Hey, listen, Neil.
It's really been a pleasure listening to you.
I've been listening to you for about a week now.
I got time to fall asleep at the wheel on the SM.
So I turned your dial on and it's been pretty interesting.
Welcome to the real world, sir.
Yeah, all right.
What I want to talk to you about is Taffy.
He's really disturbing.
Yes.
The real disturbing.
I had a chance to listen to her yesterday.
I've been listening to you all week and I've been hearing you talk about.
Finally, I listened to her yesterday and I sort of got sick.
I had to stop the truck and pull over.
She's unbelievable.
She wants to stop the truck and bend over.
She wants to stop everybody.
I just couldn't believe my ears.
And she says she's well educated.
I'll tell you one thing.
When she has guests in her home, they all stand up.
They never sit down.
They don't trust that woman.
She's totally unbelievable.
And you know, the funny things she was talking about,
truck dealers and how they got taught,
she should execute all the truck dealers.
And that's for his home and me because I know some personal friends
that got sort of caught up in the business.
They're not really bad people.
They just got caught up in the wrong thing.
And now they're out and they're enjoying their life.
They're doing well and just think of what if she was an officer
wherever she was, they'd be dead.
Sort of depressing.
Yeah, Taffy's going into business with premise Rajesh.
I see.
She's a real trip.
I just don't know where she got her education from.
Where is that Smith College?
Smith College.
Well, dignified and proprietary.
He was the name of the game.
It's a whole, yeah.
Yeah, well, she doesn't come across to intelligence.
It's amazing, tight.
Quite you see the problem is all these most of the listeners in this town
and probably in all town, they play personality.
You know, why am I picking on Taffy?
And she can come on every day and she can see the most outrageous,
the most objectionable, racist, bigoted,
disgusting, genocidal,
of maniacal things.
Why are you picking on death?
And all these young suits, you know,
call in like she's saying something that makes sense.
I mean, this woman spews,
she makes Hitler look like Santa Claus.
It's unbelievable.
Yes.
And I'm supposed to sit here and oh, well,
you know, she never stole a freight train and be Mr. Nice guy.
All right.
One of these listeners is going to grow up, you know,
it's only related to his personalities.
I mean, the substance of anything that is said
just flies right on by.
What personality?
flies right on by.
You don't know what personality you're talking about.
I know.
I tell you, she's real scary.
I, you know, a lot of people joke about it,
but, you know,
some of the things she thinks about,
I just don't know where she gets them.
I don't know if she gets them out of comics or...
I mean, she thinks she thought that the Gestapo
was a bunch of school crossing guards.
I'm serious.
I don't believe in that.
I don't believe in that.
Anyway, I just like to say I enjoy listening to you.
Good thing she's not on the weekend
because the initial would be the Saturday show.
The initials would be SS.
I'm so happy.
Have a nice weekend.
Take care.
Okay.
Like she and Nancy Sinatra are going to make a record.
These boots were made for...
M World Hills, hello.
Hello.
How you doing?
Just me over the K.
Me over the K.
All right. Hey, Doc.
I was listening to this morning
you're talking about WPLP.
Yeah.
You remember,
do you have...
And your friend was saying that you remember
that when it was WFFO?
Right.
Right.
Yeah.
Remember it?
One of the DJs on there,
Chuck, do you Farley?
Pretty nice for you.
His name was Charlie Farley Show.
And it was Chuck, do you Farley?
Oh my God.
I don't remember that.
Or Lasseter would have worked well on that stage.
12 years ago.
Couldn't believe it.
Now you're serious.
Sometimes I swear to you.
It was great.
That was the best Rock and Roll radio station in Florida.
Yeah.
They used to be like...
Right.
If it's, I mean, they...
What was your best music?
They were the big 57.
Right.
We could...
I mean, I'm from Winter Haven.
Couldn't even hear it.
We listened to static just to hear it.
I never heard of it.
Powered.
Well, they used to be on only in the daytime.
They went 24 hours.
And a week later, they went all-touch.
And I'm believe it.
I remember WLCY.
Right.
Yeah.
I can another thing to mention too,
you guys about Chipper Gore?
Yeah.
You got your dictionary there, Neil.
Look up, Gore, and the dictionary talking about
things being having two meanings.
Look up the word Gore.
Where's the dictionary?
Is something you take out of there?
It's...
What you're gonna read there is gonna be...
It's gonna be typical.
Oh, there it is.
Somebody was trying to hide it under Taffy's
electrified seat.
I can't believe it.
We get that out of here.
Would you give me the dictionary, please?
Got all these naked pictures hidden back there.
I can't stand it.
Under Taffy's seat, no less.
That's all you see.
She hit him under there.
Well, I tell you.
Look out for those women with a whips and chains.
Vinny Testiverty picture.
Yeah.
Vinny Greenboat.
Cover's the whole wall, by the way.
It's disgusting.
Okay, Gore.
Gorge.
Gore.
Okay, Gore.
To cut into a tapering triangular form.
There's one.
To provide with a Gore.
A small, usually triangular piece of land.
A tapering or triangular piece
as a cloth in a skirt.
To pierce or wound with a horn or a tusk.
Yeah, these
blottered.
Clotted blood.
That's it.
That's it.
Unbelievable.
If they look kind of a lousy dictionary is this.
So it seems to bludgeon or it's a piece of life.
It depends on your use.
And if the use of a woman is walking around,
telling her, by the different means so and so,
that means so and so.
Can't play this record.
Can't play that record.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
While she's a piece of,
yeah, she's a piece of gold.
It's a work, yeah.
Let's see what else there isn't there.
Here, I want to talk about it.
I was at the park, where we gave no food.
I was, I was,
don't you know what the problem with the park was
that you, they had you guys not on a stage.
If you're a little elevated,
it was like, you know,
if you were two people back around the ring
that they put around you,
you couldn't see.
That's what nobody could see.
I think.
Well, thank goodness for that.
I have a good boy.
It was like walking.
It was like the surface.
Well, that's not why we're not doing anymore, though.
I know.
It's always an unmitigated disaster,
you know, like we yesterday show.
It's, uh,
thank God they served beer there.
That's where I kept running to.
Yeah.
Okay, well, it's some good luck.
Hey, talking to you.
Have a great life.
Yeah.
Somebody called me to tell me the channel seven now
on the baseball game,
Neil Heaton is pitching against the
Metz.
Who cares?
What kind of a message is that?
I couldn't hear about either one of them.
Boy, Neil Heaton.
And they brought his brother in the picture,
you old man boy, he was a bright guy.
He was great.
Okay, 25 till two.
At W.I. and Z,
we do have one open line.
We thank Phil and the people from the deli then.
Although, I don't know if that's for me,
though, what am I thanking him for?
He brought in a lot of food.
That's probably for Ernie.
You know, Ernie steals all of my sponsors anyway.
That's for Ernie.
Right.
Come on Phil, be honest with me.
And at cheesecake,
no.
It's got a circle you wanted.
I can't believe it.
It's from the circle you ranch.
See, that's what happens when you become super Jew.
That's Ernie Sochin.
He just super Jew.
Ernie Subject today, Jews in Miramar.
Can't believe it.
So I make fun of us doing what is all that stuff.
This is Jewish food.
This is Haman Tosh.
You've been watching.
Oh, I'm going to be a little bit more honest.
Oh, my God.
What's the hell on that?
Thank you for making fun of us Jewish guys.
You're really not getting it.
You're a scholar and a gentleman.
That's great.
We could end up bringing a sandwich with like bread.
Who invited you in here, Ernie?
I had a Gary the Haman Tosh and the man.
Ask me the Haman Tosh.
No, they prune or poppy seed.
I hope they're poppy seed.
Oh, thank you.
Phil knows I won't eat the prune.
And look at that layout.
Man, that's good.
That's for my new housewarming this weekend.
He didn't even know I was moving, did you?
Okay, let's do our second break here.
And I think we may start.
We may start eating.
Know what it costs to open a home equity credit line at American savings?
Every day I examine cells and for the people in the audience who can't share the good food.
Tough, you know, that's get you on show.
You know, I didn't get these poppy seeds out of your teeth.
Man, I'm telling you, these are Haman Tosh and that are so good.
Would you like some Kyle with sitting here?
He wouldn't.
He wouldn't know what he's doing.
He'll have some of the sandwiches.
But he won't even know how to put him.
Don't worry about him.
He'll put some stuff in his way.
He'll plan how to Haman Tosh and?
No, he doesn't have.
The Haman will.
Believe me.
No, but here and here.
He's going to be done.
I'm not gonna.
I'm just leaving him alone.
They just leave him alone.
They don't know.
They're nice people.
Okay, let's take a call from the girl.
But then we only got a few minutes left and everybody wants to hear something.
Which is good because that'll kill time while we eat.
Hello.
Hey, oh, good afternoon.
How you doing?
Great.
So you're using me to kill time, huh?
Yeah, you talking, will eat.
Okay, I got a new subject for you.
I want to talk a little bit about the legislation legislation that was...
Oh, good. I'm leaving.
Why not?
And is this a set up call?
No, no.
I couldn't understand how lawyers would pass this law that would tax their services.
And there aren't that many lawyers up there amazingly.
Well, I think I may have come up with the answer on the radio the other day.
I heard that now that the tax legislation has passed and we're going to pay for services
on our dry cleaning and all taxes on our dry cleaning and all sorts of other services.
The lawyers are now going to file suit from what I believe I heard on the radio.
We're going to file suit to prevent this tax from going through for legal fees
because it prevents the poor from having access to the court.
And, you know, it just amazes me.
I don't know why, but I just knew there was some angle
that they're suing themselves.
Yeah. Exactly.
What about the poor being able to get their clothes dry clean?
I mean, what the...
Yeah.
You know, that's all I wanted to comment on.
I wanted to get your comments to see what your thoughts were.
Let me tell you what it has to do with anything going on in Tallahassee.
You might as well just put your head in the sand and cry.
That's all I can tell you.
It is so embarrassing.
There are such a bunch of gutless,
finest cowards up there.
It's beyond belief.
And that includes both parties, both parties.
It's incredible.
If you wonder why people don't take any interest in politics
in this state and in this country,
all you have to do is take a look at what most of them are doing.
Well, I might take this moment to also to comment on our
automobile insurance and the fact that, you know,
I think it's liability insurance is not required.
And it just causes those of us who want to go without insurance.
Those of us who have anything at all in this world
who to protect or just wouldn't do that to other people.
To pay through the nose.
That's right.
You got it.
That's right.
I did a show on it here a couple of months ago.
We had the whole panel here and everybody blings everybody else.
And in the meantime, we can't do anything right.
You're in Florida, my friend.
What can I tell you?
It's...
I am Newtapar.
This is the Not Know How State.
Where you're from?
Well, I grew up in the New Jersey, New York area.
Oh, wow.
Listen.
But I came to...
I went to school in Florida, believe it or not.
I have lived in many different places including overseas.
And I came back to the Grove.
I like the Grove.
So...
But it's fascinating.
It's a different culture.
And it just...
To me, it doesn't make any legislative sense to pass a law that makes
your tax was different from other states.
Well, don't forget.
This is Governor No Tax.
Yeah.
People find their way around it.
I mean, they do in New York and New Jersey every day where the
New Jersey don't tax clothing or food.
And New York, they do.
And everybody goes from New York to New Jersey and buys their clothing and food
and they gasp when the tax is lower.
I mean, people find their way around it.
But the poor people won't.
So, you know, they're not helping anybody.
Yeah, well, it's probably a cashier or a plot we're all going to be getting on ships and
going to Havana by our...
Take our dry cleaning.
Well, that might be interesting.
Yeah.
Or to China for that matter.
You know, get a good Chinese laundry.
Well, listen, hang in there and welcome to Florida.
I wanted to say a Chinese laundry's in Tavetta.
You're in for some real surprises. Trust me.
Okay.
Good luck.
Interesting.
Bye-bye.
Okay, it's 17 before 2 at WINZ.
What all these people want from us?
You know, they just want us to keep playing the same stuff over and over.
They don't want to hear me.
They're disgusted with Glenn and his laugh.
They're not happy about the good food that came in here.
Couples, concerned about...
Protect condoms.
A division of Black, Black, House, and Garden,
pest control division.
CP situation states since 1887.
The
The
Ten records that you've been waiting for.
Tammy Faye's unbelievable new album.
Here's the rock.
I called out from under.
I've got six pink tones of makeup on.
Been my husband does it.
Big kids that cut down.
Oh, bad for a cowl.
And go out with
a mouth drum and a round booms in two.
It's all here.
The headache.
The headache.
The pancake.
Rock-a-face.
Just in my face.
My man's care.
Rumble.
We're right.
Tammy Faye's here's the rock.
But I called out from under.
Won't you buy my new album?
If you don't, you're burning hair.
I'll just be the way you know.
Sign to you, I'll bless you.
Okay, should we take a call from Helen Dale,
even with all the roast beef and corn beef
and humontosh and bomb tonne?
What a spread.
There's even a little cake here that says seven share.
These people at the deli den are incredible.
Hello.
Hi, but you shouldn't be talking about that food
when I don't have any.
Hi, Neil and Glenn.
Hi, you're doing.
Oh.
Let me ask you.
Are you reading?
Are you overweight?
No.
Well, start working on it.
I don't tell you about was the
work at the planets that you choose.
You should be picking Jupiter or Pluto or Mars
because Uranus is just a little too suggestive.
And I think that we get all of our petitions in.
Yeah, we ought to potentially Uranus.
Yeah, we'll have to wait on that.
Okay.
Okay, I enjoyed your show for long time.
Since you come on, I...
Now listen, all you science teachers out there
want you to listen to this gentleman.
He's got a good point.
When you go up and show the kids the solar system on the mat,
cover Uranus.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Boy, well, you covered yours with that.
You bet.
Okay, uh, uh, keep listening and get our petition in.
Good luck.
Thank you, sir.
All right.
We mean man has got to have shul.
What, it was at me.
But what does that mean?
I get these messages on the screen.
He's got to have shul.
What do they do?
Close on Shabbos?
Pretty unlikely story, pal.
Man has got to have shul or what?
He's standing there with a gun to his head
and the most we play it.
He's pulling the trigger.
Let's take a pull.
When...
I'm going to have shul.
It's over.
Why did that mean?
I'll say it.
Give a thousand words.
Okay.
We have shul.
I'm shul.
I'm shul.
I'm shul.
Like you would tell you.
You're shul.
I'm shul.
I'm shul.
You're shul.
You're shul.
I'm shul.
I'm shul.
You're shul.
I'm shul.
I'm shul.
I'm shul.
You're shul.
You're shul.
I'm shul.
I knew Bob's come.
Okay.
I'm broider than gold.
It's your info.
I wear it everywhere.
When I go round the other azee.
Hey, think of what to say.
Stop being stupid, you're shul.
I'm shul.
I'm shul.
I'm shul.
I'm shul.
You're shul.
I'm shul.
I'm shul.
I'm shul.
I'm shul.
I'm shul.
Be your star.
I'll be ready to pray, I'll be standing now, my girlfriend's at the altar in the choir now, she'll be singing away.
Speak true to your soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my soul, my
Acer! Acer! Acer! Acer! Acer! Acer! Acer! Acer! Acer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! Drawer! What an homie it was so good. Oh my god, those poppy seeds are dense, because I darker my poop right now, ok. It's 9B4-28! If we take ourt break- thou can go out we gonna 1 WEE!
Okay for all the kids in Miami's brings high in La Belai
All the people of an IQ of over three this is for them
All those people in Miramar for all those powers
All we can say is King came on you
That's the middle of the move
We don't need to hear that six boys together
Stay tuned for our new social and great American
He's million dollars
KoAL series
