Very definitely something to think about and of course that inspires me to new heights
Yeah Dennis Collins is the only one who talks about knowing the true
Let me just pick up. Yeah, we want you to just pick up would you please
Yeah, how you doing up there Geneva? How's the weather?
Neil how it's a go on and listen, you want to see the bag boys at the a and p. I'll tell you it's better than ever
Why do you say those nasty things?
What do we do for you? What are you guys doing there this morning? Are you like on the air you just rehearsing?
What's the question? What's the question?
Okay, how old is Joey Reynolds? That's the question
Okay, here's the next question. How hot is 105?
Oh, what about 62.3? Oh, I'm about 105 right now. Oh really are you well tuned it up
Maybe we'll put it on the air you guys are playing pretty good music lately. I noticed
Thank you. What are you on the air now? What happened? Yeah, we're on no. We're just sitting around having a coffee
Are we on the air right now? Yes, you're on our air right now if you're on your air
I don't really give it to you. We don't care. Are we on your air?
Not yet. Oh, not yet. What is it?
Music offensive. I mean intensive. What does that mean not yet? In other words when you guys build the courage
You might put us on someday. Is that what you're saying?
Why not?
Where the hell are your priorities anyway? You know, Tandard did a whole show for us yesterday
I mean what about you guys? Well, you're supposed to be our good friends
Yeah, you're good friends. It's just that we have all these guys in Pittsburgh who aren't anybody's friend
Yeah, you got some problems up there. No question about
We do we got this consultant this guy named Chris Gabel and if you want to make a hell of a deal
We'll send him over to you. We'll swap him for a Skyler. How's that?
I think we might
Maybe Donald Donald sounded frantic yesterday. Did you hear that those guys won't talk to us anymore?
Why? What they're not gonna say? What are you saying?
No, we're gonna stick up there, but what's going on over there?
We had said that they were paranoid, but then we changed their mind because paranoia is an unnatural
Period one that's unwarranted
unjustified very
In their case, yeah, it's very justified. So they're not paranoid at all
They're just scared bleepless is what they are is the bottom line
Well, I can understand why when you see those pictures of
of Greg in the in the hell yeah, oh
Stuff like show our home. Do you know something he is beginning to look more like Irene Richard every day
Yeah, and drag with don well with Donald's wedding dress. Did you see that picture?
No question about it. Well, I said guys. It's been wonderful having you as guests in our living rooms
Let's not get into that. Yes, Jim Skyler. Oh, yeah, what about it Jim?
You're gonna tell us the truth you're gonna kiss his butt again. You want you can you hold on for just a second?
Of course, okay, okay, hold on. Got a shoulder doing it. It's more important
Oh boy
George Michael is that just what we need your socks. Yeah
It's 6.13 on Zeta 4
Cycle casting this morning with McCay in the morning and the gym scholar in hot 105
This could be the only show in America. Do you realize that the only morning show that
What's all the other morning shows on here? Why not really what I've heard of yeah
Hello, hello. There's no hotline anywhere, but here in the studio. I never knew that before
What does that mean running around the building frantically trying to find a hotline?
Not even don't they even have one other phones work before nine o'clock? They've got them all shut off
Don't they have one in the john over there? Hey, Barton. Don't they have one in the john?
No
Okay, that'll keep us in there too long, you know
Hey, Christy's in there are great though. We've used that for a week or so. I would think so I've heard your show, you know what I'm saying
So what's the deal now? What what are we doing? Because we're hanging on here is the record over George Michael?
I mean, we don't play like George Michael records on Zeta, okay? No, we don't well on this show. We don't play hardly any records
When do I start?
Well, what date would you like to start? What would be good for you?
No, no, no, hey, there's room for everybody's musical taste absolutely stop mine apparently. I don't know. I can't get a job, but anyway
Now you want me to straighten out this whole business about how good was allegedly rude to me
Yeah, would you please and be honest don't don't worry about his feelings. Okay, cuz where there's no sense
There's no feeling well Jim really doesn't want to straighten this out because he says he's getting such incredible name recognition
Is it really it's been dragging on since about Jews?
Well, it will end when we finally get the truth well
We had we got the truth and about you are you were rude and hostile and nasty kids kids, please don't fight. Okay, go ahead Jim
And I think he's gonna do a break are you gonna put these?
Hey, he's not even listening. No, don't worry about it. We don't we don't need to be on your air
Don't worry. We didn't call to be superstars. Okay. Okay. We just call you doing the heck of a job
Yes, we are of being superstars or just being jackasses
So what's the real story Jim come on we've only got a four-hour show
I know that you love being on a real station, but what's a story? Yeah, it is a change of pace, but anyway
God a joke. It's just a joke. I know I know all our sales dogs are listening to you right now
Yeah, well our sales department's listening to and they're just a joke so don't worry about them
You know why are salespeople are listening? Why is that you got a straighting them out on this point too? They're trying to steal accounts
Come on, they're trying to steal accounts from us. Yeah, well, we don't have any I know
So what the hell is your story?
Boy talk about stupid
Yeah, tell them to listen to a station with spots. Yeah, tell them to listen to the light think a lot of spots
So anyway, so are you gonna answer the question or we're just gonna have to uh, said it's just a joke what
That's all I have no that was referring to something else. Oh, okay. That was wishful thinking on your part
Now you're gonna tell the audience how the bird just
Totally showed you a rude and callous kind of behavior that day
Well, see those the whole thing hinges on the fact that you missed part of our our conversation when we're standing in the atrium. Yes
Glenn turned to me at one point and he said something to me that you didn't hear really something we can say on the air
He said he was going out to his car to get a gun. Yeah
Oh
It's big excuse himself. He had to answer the call of nature. I see
And you didn't hear one of that have to do with they came in the
He said then he said well when you went into the studio
It was where you're continuing the act of nature quietly in the studio or well
I went back we all went into the studio right remember Jim yeah
It was during a news break and he says at that time
I like turned my back on you and was incredibly rude to you were you were just I didn't notice that I see
And I didn't notice it either Jim I
I didn't notice that because now you didn't notice it I didn't notice it conversation and I was also watching the clock because I didn't want to
So you got absolutely
Right I didn't want to horn in on the program exactly so you had absolutely not one
Any feeling of rudeness that was not in your brain whatsoever that day
And whatsoever
I'm sorry to have to admit that because I know this may or probably put a stop tomorrow. Oh, I don't know about that
Pretty obvious that the guy is so hard up for a job, but he's just gonna
You know kiss your he's gonna be a liquor fan right to the very end and we're never gonna get the true story out of him
That's okay. We understand
Really or Linda Thornton's home number one of the other do you speak Spanish Jim?
Oh, that's true. That kind of disqualified. I don't know. Sorry. Well good luck to you Jim. Buenos dias have a wonderful life
And we're gonna be tuning in for more George Michael a little later on okay?
Is it true that you have buttons down to say unbelievable on them? Yes, we do. How come you haven't sent me one?
Well, we will we'll do it today the bird will put one in the middle today. He will trust me
Okay, okay, Jim
We'll see you in Seneca Castle, okay? You mean format do any openings. Okay
Adios, so to speak bye-bye. Bye boy
Now what do you think of that little conversation we had about the the incident? No what was it?
618
Come on. We have the 620 news. How about if we listen is Captain Mung in there? Is he in the room at all? No, we want to talk about this to
Dr. Dave and Vanna picked me a letter in stereo as eight of four exclusive
Get me a ticket for an aeroplane
Got to get on the wheel of watching game
I just got to win spin the wheel again
Oh, Vanna pick me a letter bank rock. What do you mean bank? I don't care how much money I got to spend
Can't stand to look at that say jack again won't throw in the towers
Till I buy your powers oh, Vanna pick me a letter. Hey, man. What do you mean? There's no F and F
Vanna pick me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream about you. Hey, Vanna is that an all over ten or what?
Vanna I don't understand why you make a hundred grand not for me to say
Anyway, get me a ticket for an aeroplane
Gonna be on the wheel of watching game. I just got to win spin the wheel again. Oh, Vanna pick me a letter
Go, Vanna. Go baby. Go. All right
Hey get out of my face back. Is that a two-way?
Hey, is there an L in that word? Is it low rider?
All right, look right up
Forget the letter man. I'll take Vanna while you're beautiful, maybe you're an equal play the home game
Got me a ticket for an aeroplane. All right
I'm on the wheel of watching game. I just love that sound. I'm in the bonus round
Hey, Vanna pick me a letter lose a turn. Hey, fat lose this. Vanna pick me a letter
No one does it any better. I dream about you. All right, that is an all over ten
Vanna I don't mean to stare but are you wearing underwear? Not for me to say
Anyway, I don't care how much money I got to spend
Can't stand to look at that sage. Jack again won't throw in the towel till I buy your bowels
Oh, Vanna pick me a letter
Please, Vanna pick me a letter
All right, I'm ready to pick baby
ABCDFGHJJG
Let me be your ITWXMID
That's your cover, huh?
All right, I'll take the sofa, the blender, the microwave, the refrigerator
Hey, man, what do you mean 500 dollars for a flack and white five in portable TV set?
You got ripped off man. My brother and I forget it for your whole sale
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set man, all right? Hey, man, it's the law, baby
Can that sound a lot better in stereo? Oh, yeah, it might move up like two notches because it's in stereo today
All right, it's 620 now on Zeta 4 now, but in the news this morning we're gonna finally put this thing to rest
I hope about Jim Skyler and my son. Why are we really? Is that the big news story? Don't you think it is? No
You don't you don't buy it. You think this is bigger than the settlement of the world was Peter Moon this morning by the way
I went to the concert
So what does that mean? He went to the concert. That's the word I got so in other words if you go to the concert you get the night off he was here for a little while
What's that cut to do?
What'd be do?
I would have gone to the concert if we could have had the morning off. That would have been great
You're not gonna discuss this with me. You're just gonna ignore this. You're gonna what you're about this Jim Skyler
Faltarol
What is the word again?
Faltarol. Is that a word? Is that like little lord falterol?
Yeah
Okay, all you kids out there like who want to be professional more on when you grow up
Okay, and there's something to be said for that because look what it did for sliced alone an Arnold Schwarzenegger, right?
So you're not gonna talk about it. You want to be a professional moron just keep listening to the bird
You're not gonna talk about it. In fact, you can develop an instant vocabulary
You're be sitting in the library. I'll tell you that the signing of an agreement between Cuban inmates and federal authority has brought liberty for 89 hot to
Disheld at the US penance entry in Atlanta. They released hostages shook hands with the detainees and hugged federal officials during their walk to freedom.
Haven't you always wanted a hug of federal
Affection?
Let's think about it.
God, you're up the image in your head. The Atlanta prison settlement calls for a moratorium on deporting detainees who arrived during the 1980
Marial boat lift. It also says the Cubans will not be held responsible for damage to the prison.
Zayda forecast partly cloudy becoming breezy later today. A smallcraft advisory will go into effect later.
High today 76 low tonight 49 and currently 54 at Zayda 4 at 622.
The following monthly payment offer based on
Wequel Reagan mids Gorbachev unsuperpower summit up.
That's who we were right at the beginning.
This is Jakob Smirna.
I beg your pardon.
All this week while Reagan mids Gorbachev unsuperpower summit I'll be right here on Zayda 4 for the great comedy summit of 1987.
That was great.
Okay, it's 24 past 6 on Zayda 4. I thought I would just audition it on the air and see if it was any good, right?
What a waste of time.
Okay, let's take some more calls. The lines are just a frantic here this morning. You think we have more complaints?
Like that first one? Don't call us for more material?
Who was that? Stan's personal secretary?
Oh, you're not. Your mic isn't open. That's why you're so quiet. I wondered why you weren't saying a damn thing.
Plus we open his mic. He just claims up. No, I'm still contemplating that phone call. A hot 105.
Dave County, hello.
Hi, Mr. Rogers.
Yes. I just came back from New York two weeks ago.
Yes, the... in the accepted Taiwaner local pimples as a secondary rat eye.
Yeah, what do you sound secondary to me, sir?
Anyhow, it says the question of organizations...
A president in operation wanted me to correct my name because he said it wasn't the dignified for their temple.
And I refused to correct my name to the one we call ourselves Irving Cutter.
And I refused to take that because I will graduate.
I'm sure.
I cutter.
Yeah.
And that's another extension for name. And they refused to have me unless I went to a short version of name.
Okay, listen, if you play cards right, I'll give you Joey's hotline number. Okay, you can call him the audition.
Geez.
Okay, if you get any other people at over the age of 90, give them the number for WNWN or something.
I don't want to talk to him.
26 past six on Zeta 4, there's an open line in date at 620 3600.
And let's go to Broward County. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
We're going to enjoy your show. I listen to it every morning.
I get up about 430s about the same time you do.
Yeah. Well, that's good, but not in my house, Daniel.
I'm on the restaurant in Dearfield and I put that radio on and I listen to it as I'm cooking my eggs in the morning.
Yep, well, this show will fry your eggs. There's no question about that.
I think it's just great now that I love all the guys on there and you got great humor.
Yeah. And it really gets me up in the morning. Let me tell you.
Well, that's good. That's the idea.
So to speak.
Okay, well, you've been a great caller. Certainly an improvement over the couple we've had so far.
See you later.
Okay. I'll read the darchie.
27 past six.
And we might as well give this one last try.
Uh-oh. Huh?
Well, I don't give up easily. I know. I'm just drawing the towel.
Now, are you not going to call Greg and Donald?
Yes, I am. They're going to hang up on you.
Well, he has no choice. He's been, he's got a directive for management.
Let me tell you something. We get directives from management too.
And we go on the air. We tell it like it is.
We announce to the audience that management is brain dead.
And we fight for our rights, don't we?
Uh, but you're not Greg.
We fight for our rights.
No, that's true. We're not nervous and insecure.
Yeah.
And if we were Greg and had his number really nervous and insecure.
I'm telling you he's just going to.
All right, well, giving him one more chance. That's what I'm going to tell him.
It's 28 past six on Zeta 4.
And now these guys have been.
They've been under a lot of pressure, okay?
We do want that by by tape though.
Yeah, Donald could do one.
Yeah, if you don't want to talk to us, the least you could do is cut us an.
Hello.
Okay, now don't hang up right away. Come on.
Please.
You know what? You can't play anymore.
Now don't hang up right away. Just think about it.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Hang up.
By the oralons.
Did they hang up?
They hung up. Don't hang up by the oralons. Remember that record?
Sure.
Don't hang up. Yeah. They hung up.
They hung up. No, got no balls, Greg.
Cheers. They can't play anymore.
That sounds like something out of a sandbox, doesn't it?
I gave him one last chance.
I will call Donald after 10.
For what? See if he'll cut that tape for it.
He won't do it.
The tape is not the important thing.
The important thing is that we during these last few days on this show
have developed something just totally unique.
I mean, on the AMO is a different story because we were not competing.
We weren't even on the same band.
We weren't on the same day part.
But here in the last few days, we've developed something that's just unheard of.
And we've got all the competition on the show at the same time.
I know. I know.
And they want to destroy it.
They want to ruin a good thing.
Well, they're the only ones who listen to their show and you realize they have no act.
You would think that they want anything innovative and new.
They do. It's the bandage.
But you want to run it by again.
I'm going to say it to you again.
Management in this business is all incompetent and brain dead.
Well, I know that.
All underlying all in red.
Okay. Exactly.
In any color you like, in technicality, in code of color.
All right. They're all brain dead.
They're a bunch of morons.
All right. And the way you deal, first of all, he's got a contract over there.
He's the program director for crying out loud.
They letting him play what he wants to.
Exactly. Like they let him play with Donald.
So what kind of a gutless wonder is this Videl turning into anyway?
We can't play anymore.
But boy, he's the program director in Dave.
In name only. Obviously he's got about as much clout as Irma LaDuce has over here.
John Morrow.
They had to give him that title.
Yeah. They just gave the title.
They promoted the real.
I got news. If they wanted to pay me that amount, I wouldn't need any title.
Okay. I would be over there tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
And if John Morrow is listening, I think you're a pretty good guy.
Six thirty on Zeta 4.
And where do we have that open line is in date counting at six two oh.
What would happen to us?
36 hundred. You're on your own.
Go back to the breakfast club.
Six two oh thirty six hundred.
You notice all the people from the U2 concert.
We're just one.
Yeah. See, that's the part.
How many people were there?
About 70,000 something like that.
75,000.
Okay. Well, this is a market of four million people.
So all the rest of the three million nine hundred and twenty five thousand people
who were not there yesterday, they don't give two hoots about the U2 concert.
All right. And they didn't care about all that hype and all that hysteria.
Did they?
Absolutely not.
In fact, most of them probably don't even like U2.
Well, they're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
They're very popular.
Listen to the level on these calls, man.
You can barely hear this guy.
You can barely hear this guy.
Yeah, how you doing?
How you doing?
How you doing?
Go ahead.
It's not your fault, sir.
It's not your fault, sir.
It's not your fault, sir.
It's not your fault, sir.
It's not your fault, sir.
It's not your fault, sir.
It's not your fault, sir.
It's not your fault, sir.
It's not your fault, sir.
It's not your fault, sir.
It's not your fault, sir.
It's not your fault, sir.
It's not your fault, sir.
It's not your fault, sir.
I'm obsessed with the show.
That's funny, because I never listened to it.
But then on top of that, he says that you do pretty well, you know, considering that you've been stealing his materials the last seven years.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I don't know if you're aware of that, but this guy uses a lot of your phrases.
No kidding.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
It's just a coincidence, sir.
Sir, the word you're looking for is clone, okay?
CLONE as in clone heads.
He's a tallion, you know what I mean?
On a tallion, he uses these Jewish expressions.
Yeah, I know that.
Yeah.
And he doesn't even know what they mean.
Well, I don't know why we would discuss Alice.
He's so passé.
He's like Alice Bluegown these days.
He's like from the Dark Ages.
And, you know, one last thing, if you're going to play Elvis, you know, play some concert cuts.
Yeah, okay.
Like, idiot stuff, that's correct.
Yeah, like Elvis in Vegas, right?
Oh, no, man.
Like, like, like, it's now or never where he forgot the lyrics.
That's why my favorite, too.
Okay, sir.
Hi, sir.
Thanks for the info.
All right.
Right, bye-bye.
634 on Zeta4, 26 before 7 on a Friday morning.
And I feel wide awake this morning.
I actually got an extra hour sleep.
Really?
I don't know why, but it just worked out that way in my house.
Didn't have to watch.
I wasn't forced to watch David Letterman last night.
So I really feel wide awake.
It's re-runs this week.
It is.
Yeah.
Yeah, one of the old duty.
We were talking about something in 1985.
Well, they were a couple nights ago.
Right.
Well, it's all re-runs this week.
Yeah.
Well, and his show is not worth watching the first time.
Well, I disagree.
I watched.
You would.
I don't understand the humor.
I guess I must be very stupid, yeah.
Right.
No.
You just, you probably just start having a watching out into it enough.
You know, you got to, it's like in the other kind of show.
You got to watch it for a while, right?
And also, I understand that there was a major episode of Not's Landing.
You talked about it yesterday morning last night and somehow it didn't make it in my house.
You were on the spot.
Serious.
Someone was watching re-runs of Sanford and Sun or something.
And I was just, you know, half passed out and not paying any attention.
Then at about 1130, it dawned on me.
A little light bulb lit up over my head.
You've lost that show.
I've lost control of my TV set.
Well, is your TV set really?
And, yeah.
You bought it.
You paid for it.
Yes.
You set up.
And my cable.
It's your cable that you pay every month for.
Correct.
So how did you lose control?
Well, I don't have the clicker box.
No, that's not yours.
No, I only rent that out.
635.
Xeta 4.
And let's take another one from Dave.
Two in a row from Dave County.
Hello.
Morning.
I'm impressed.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Good.
Just out here visiting my daughter.
I think you guys got a really good show going down here.
Thank you so much.
Where you're from, sir?
Oh, hi.
I'm Ron Kemp.
What's Ethan Oh, hi.
Yeah.
There's a station up there.
There's a facility there's they have a morning show guy.
There's a lot of joke, isn't he?
And it's Stan also.
Stan also?
Well, my name is not Stan.
And so...
Like what I said, Stan too.
Yeah.
Well, let me say it against her.
My name isn't Stan.
My name is Neil.
The last time I checked.
Neil Rogers?
Do you have a Stan there?
We have a Stan on the AM on WINZ who works in the afternoon
who's on a dying station, yeah.
Well, that's why I was referring to him.
Well, I see.
I see.
Well, I just want to keep that straight.
Enjoy a lot of the customs you have down here.
You know, they're running over your toes with the shopping carts.
Yeah, that's good.
That's one of my favorites.
How about stealing the sweet and loaded?
Do they do that in Ohio?
I don't think so.
Yeah.
I don't think so, really.
But, uh, well, they said that you guys really made sure of her.
Yes, we do.
Well, it's great hearing from you.
And I'm sure you're a lot happier to be here than in Ohio right now, right?
I guess, I can smell it right now.
Yeah.
Okay, well, have a wonderful day, sir.
Thank you.
And a great life.
Okay.
I think that was the same guy that called the beginning of the show
despising his voice.
636 on Zeta 4.
And I guess we ought to do this now,
because I'm sure we'll get requests to play it again later.
It's the all-new Libetopiever,
starring Barbara Billingsley,
Hugh Beaumont,
Tony Dome,
and Clint Eastwood as the Bieber.
Bieber?
Uh, yeah, mom.
What is it?
There's a package down here,
but I just came in the mail.
Looks like it's from Bubbles.
Isn't that that girl you know at school?
No, she's a hooker.
She's hooky.
Well, hooky, she plays hooky from school a lot.
That's where I know her from.
Later, up in the boys' room.
Hey, Wally, look, I got a package from Bubbles.
Oh, yeah?
What did she send you?
I see her.
Oh, geez.
She sent me her underwear.
What?
I got a quit hangin' around those kind of women.
I suppose I couldn't say I told you so, but...
I guess this is no time to be rubbing it in.
Well, as long as Mom and Dad don't find out,
I'll just hide him in the drawer here.
Later, that same episode.
Boy, look what I found in Beavers' drawer.
Where'd that come from?
Uh-oh, I think I'm in trouble.
Big trouble.
Uh, Mom, Dad,
those underwear belong to, uh,
to Wally.
Wally?
You're talkin' about.
Yeah, there he is.
He wears them, presses around in them like, like Tinkerbell.
Isn't that right?
Big brother.
Yeah.
Okay, now yesterday we called Luke Halpin,
and maybe today we can call Tony Dow.
Would that be something?
I know a lot of guys get excited.
I know you're excited about that.
Uh, most of the guys, 6.38, on Zeta4, will be right back.
Pameter cat.
So come to the sports authority,
you've never seen anything quite like it.
The sports authority, Oakland Park Boulevard, and Route 441.
Neil wakes me up in the morning.
And I'm on it.
Neil wakes me up with a smile.
With a smile, yeah.
Drinking my coffee, a bunch of nama donut.
Whips to the floor of the dark.
Get ready to go to school with Neil.
Whips to the floor of the dial.
Trying to do work in my room with a dolly nail.
Whips to the floor of my dial.
Ooh, really.
Neil, Neil, Neil.
We need a one-kit.
Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil.
We need a one-kit.
Neil, Neil, Neil.
We need a one-kit.
Neil, Neil, Neil.
I wonder why Dan McKay and Jim Schuyler talked to us for about 10 minutes.
And it didn't seem to be suffering from any kind of insecurity, hysteria, or juvenile behavior.
And yet when we called Donald and Noodles, there seemed to be some serious problems over there.
Yeah, at what of five they didn't seem to care about.
Yeah, and like what we called Bill Tanner yesterday at Power 96,
he did like a five-minute show he brought Carmen on, and Dr. Root, and all his characters,
and they were great.
Far close.
And when we called even Joey yesterday, we had a great, a classic call, one of the greats
in the history of Broadcasting.
He was super.
And we have on tape if anybody would like to send a cassette in.
Ah!
You'd like your very own copy of the Joey Reynolds call.
It's a joke.
For example, if you got a talk show and you don't have any material left, Stan,
we'll be more than happy to supply you with your own copy so you can do like about a half an hour on it, like he did yesterday.
Can you believe that?
I mean, what relevance is there?
In all seriousness, what relevance is there between the Stan major show and my call to Joey?
Oh, well, can you see the connection?
The reason he gave was that Joey talked about him.
You know, Joey mentioned Stan.
So?
Well, that...
What does that have to do with anything?
Well, you have to ask Stan, but that's the reason he gave.
Okay.
Now who are we calling?
Yeah.
It's a wonderful day in the neighborhood.
It's 184 or 7 on Zeta 4 and you're just sneezing up a storm.
I'm a little stuffed up.
Another one of those people who has a cold and doesn't want to admit it.
No, I do something wrong.
No.
I didn't.
I think you only hit six buttons.
And I don't have a cold.
You don't have a cold?
No.
I'm just a little...
Just keep saying that.
I'm just a little...
Hey, here we go.
I was stuffed up, yes.
This is going to be kind of interesting to see what kind of a reception we get here on this phone call.
Oh my God.
No, it's going to be fascinating to me.
In fact, it'll be really fascinating if they ever picked a damn phone up.
That's what's going to be really exciting.
Is this like a hotline?
This is like another...
Luke War...
Luke Halpin Warmline.
Dennis Collins, home.
Yeah.
Oh, I'd love to have that number.
I'll tell you that.
We'd start calling him a vibe coming early, about 4.30 in the morning.
And we play all our new material for him over the phone.
How can they not be answering the warm liars?
Is that possible?
Is this another radio station?
Well, just could be.
I think I know who this is.
Do you really?
Yeah.
What's your guess?
Oh, and someone else answered.
Oh, I remember I was answering the phone.
Oh, I remember something on here.
Yeah, well, they're listening to those suggestions to improve the station.
Oh, yeah.
I got that number too.
I still haven't had a chance to organize, which is good, because we're going to have a chance to organize.
So, we're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
We're going to have a chance to organize.
Try to clear the cobwebs out of your eye, sunny, and answer that fall.
I think you dialed correctly.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
I am positive that I dialed the correct number.
Checking out the license and see what that renewal date is.
Checking out the license and see what that renewal date is.
Checking out the license and see what that renewal date is.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Okay, 646 on Zeta4.
Hey, this is the Nearodgers on Zeta4.
Hi, Neal.
How you doing?
Okay, we're on the air.
What's Sunny doing?
Is he eating a banana or what?
Sunny's busy right now because he plans to show out in advance.
Oh, does he really?
Yeah.
That's a novel idea.
Why don't you do that, Neal?
You never know that from listening.
Listen, I'm real busy.
In other words, you're going to shine this, is that it?
No, I'd like to talk, but I've got really important things to do.
Like a radio show?
Hey, you got it.
It's playing in advance.
Yeah, seeing Neal.
Okay, bye.
Oh, well, planned in advance.
You see, you know what that is?
It's like Joey says the same thing like he sits in, right?
If you don't have any kind of a mind, and if you don't have any spontaneous humor, or any kind of, you know,
then you need to sit down and write all that stuff out.
We don't do that.
And I would never do it.
I just couldn't do that because it's contrived.
Right.
Like writing a script for a plane.
Now, that's a different thing.
Most of the fun of your stuff is like why you're on your own.
Spontaneous, of course.
If you're quick on your feet or quick on your ass, is the case maybe, that's what it's all about.
Now, you know, Joey's sidekick Bill Marshall.
Yeah.
You know who that is?
He was John.
That's Penny Marshall's brother, I think.
Right.
And he was also Johnny Dark's board opposite.
Oh, when you were in B.C.
Jeez, am I impressed with that piece of radio trivia?
Another board opposite.
The board opposite are doing so well in this city, don't you say?
Especially Johnny Dark's board opposite.
They're making money.
He's on the beat somewhere.
He can't even find himself a job.
That's all true by the way.
Ten of seven out of seven.
A turnies for comedian Joan Rivers say they know who Bert Hacker is.
Now, Hacker was a pseudonym for the author of the article in gentleman's quarterly
that prompted Rivers to threaten a $50 million lawsuit.
Rivers denounced the article earlier this week during a tearful news conference in LA
and demanded a retraction.
The story painted a bleak picture of Rivers' marriage to the late Edgar Rosenberg,
a spokesman declined to name names, but says the ID will be revealed when the suit is filed.
You know, when you stop and think about this Waco who answered the phone for Sonny
and you think back to all of the mobile calls that Sonny made to me
while I was on in midday on AM.
Oh, yeah.
Now, how did we manage to take those and put them on the air spontaneously?
Because I guess the show should have all been planned out ahead of time.
Like every call should have been contrived or something.
Oh, was it?
It wasn't?
I don't remember.
I don't think so.
It doesn't ring any bells with me.
So in other words, what this guy is saying is that Sonny just doesn't have enough sense of humor
or a spontaneity to do a bit on the air unprepared without writing it out longhand.
Wow.
Sort of like Joey.
Yeah, well, let's not get carried away.
It's like the number one.
We like Joey.
You're okay, Joey.
Yeah.
But I have a feeling that that first call we had this morning, I think that was from Joey's people.
You do?
Well, we'll find out what we call Roger.
We'll call him again a little later.
Okay.
Joey's, he loves us.
I know.
He only wishes he had a piece of that nine-shot.
And I thought Sonny loved you, too.
Well, we thought so while Sonny likes taping it so that he can sit down and listen to it slowly.
Ah.
He and Grandma Boone can sit down and listen to it together.
And if he listens slowly and if he can comprehend what we're saying.
He's like, oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Bartlett Cloudy becoming breezy later, a small craft advice.
We're only going to a failure later.
Hi, today's 76, low to night 49.
And it's 54 at Zeta 4.
6.52.
And he found Hollywood Honda.
Yeah!
Now, let's hope the customers can find us.
Yeah.
Neil Rogers, the rock and roll monster.
654 on Zeta 4.
It's pretty easy to see who the people are on the air in this market, at least in the morning who are secure.
Well, I don't think secure is necessarily the right word, but who are not insecure, who are not bitten by this deep paranoia.
Am I right?
Those are the people who talk to us.
And the people who like brush us off and have all these excuses.
Oh, we plan all our stuff ahead.
We don't have time to talk to you.
It's all laid out like a road map.
What the hell is that all about?
It sounded like it was kind of like a shot or something.
Like a shot?
I mean, the way he was slow.
I know, but it was.
It was a shot.
That was the whole idea that he must have read that thing in South Florida magazine because Joey said the same thing.
Oh, yeah.
About how he sits for hours in the afternoon and writes out all this material.
You'd never know it.
Or listening to the show.
Or maybe it's he listens to old tapes and gets all this material.
Is that possible?
Like from New York, maybe he listens to old Howard Stern and Scott Shannon tapes or something?
I'm his tapes.
The thing about producing bits in advance or like before the show or the day before the show is a 90% of the time.
You know, the spontaneous stuff is much better.
Much funnier.
But something that's got all written on him.
It's got all laid out.
And I guess probably sunny only.
See, he does that in the afternoon and by that time he's tanked anyways.
The busy signal complex and if all the lines aren't lit, I cannot.
The show cannot go on.
Where'd he get that idea?
Have you heard him the last few days when pumping those numbers?
Yes, I have.
Pumping them frantically.
He said early in the week it was going to be a numberless week.
He was not going to give the number all week.
Within 20 minutes he was pumping it.
I'm saying here when one lousy call, I think we're going to talk about mixed marriage.
And what's Kane doing now?
I'll do what he's doing.
He did do that.
Yeah.
He's got...
Did you hear him call my answer machine yesterday?
I've got sunshine on W-I-N-Z.
By the way, Jay's got a big party tonight.
I don't know if that's a bullet line.
When there's a hurricane, blowin' baby, it's still the month of May.
We have any tickets left for the hurricane game this weekend in South Carolina?
I guess you...
Yeah, he's ready to give him away.
Look at that.
What can make me feel that way, stand-made joy?
Talking about...
Who's that?
Okay.
The interesting part of it is people are calling stand-up and telling him that people are singing that song.
Like there's that... some movie.
Oh, three minute of baby.
Is that it?
And people are breaking out and singing that because the song, my girl, is in the same name now.
The guy said that he was at the movie theater watching three minute of baby and apparently Ted Danson sings my girl.
And when they came to that...
The crowd started singing stand-made joy.
The only thing stand doesn't tell you is what were they're hearing it.
They're not hearing it on his show.
They're getting it on this show.
Oh, he is.
Because he thinks my guy by Mary Wells is what the original song was anyway.
So they're getting it from the day...
Remember the day we played my girl by Smokey Robinson in America.
I was in the... or the temptations, I'm sorry.
Same difference.
And we played this at the same time.
We did that whole bit and we are the ones who put that jingle on the map.
Ignore number three.
He just called to listen to the show on the phone.
What the hell kind of a message is that?
Are you listening on hold?
Yes.
What, what, what, do you have a radio?
I radio upstairs.
I'm an intensive care hospital.
Oh, okay, hold on.
Did you hear him telling everyone yesterday that if you wanted...
If you send material to Neil...
Yes?
That you're going to have to send a...
Oh, yeah.
A dub to him.
What, all that?
What nonsense.
Because he can't get in here anymore.
And there's some things he thinks would be good on this show.
I told you the other day he's suffering from Neil's material withdrawal syndrome.
Uh-huh.
He cannot steal material in here.
And he doesn't know what to do now.
He doesn't know whether to scream or read a banana.
And I don't understand why, because he's got EJ doing stuff for him.
He's got Don Jr. doing stuff for him.
He's got Mike Wolf doing intros for him.
What does he need with our stuff?
It's another...
He's got like two years of ACN stuff in his rack there.
What is it that he needs besides an act?
Besides a show.
There's something in this building if they can't...
If they don't have access to this room.
This room.
I've got so much honey, there to be, there to be.
He checks the mobile colors while he's smoking on a stokey.
Okay.
Oh, you got a call.
You got a little...
You got a little...
A little grip, I think.
704 on Zeta.
And I guess we do the weather now, and then we got a little spark to do.
And that would take a bunch more calls.
We're not going to play a lot of music today.
I'm just not in the mood for music.
Even though we've been ordered.
According to Buddy Nevin's, one of America's great ure than lists.
We've been ordered to play lots more rock and roll music.
You know, this guy just makes it up as he goes along.
That you admitted that on the air?
And I've admitted it on the air.
I'm missing it.
I wonder how that explains the fact that yesterday we played three records in four hours.
I missed it.
And one of them was like a going home record.
I mean, it was a good one.
It was filling off your freedom.
Yeah.
Going home record.
Yeah.
You call that.
Now Buddy Nevin's, was he Chad or Jethro?
I always get confused when I see the show which one he played.
Yeah, he's a kind of Jethro doll.
Zeta forecast.
Partly cloudy, becoming breezy later.
Just keep making it up, buddy.
A small crack.
Today we admitted that we're leaving the air on the week from next circus.
Okay?
You can put that in a paper.
Hi, today's 76.
Loaded like 49.
And we don't prepare the show ahead of time either.
We fly by the seat of your pants.
It's 54 degrees currently.
It's a to four, 705.
The following might be...
Okay, it's a 706 on Zeta 4 that he'll run just show on a Friday morning.
And it's a low-hot Friday.
That's right.
I forgot about that.
I forgot.
Joey had a great line a few days ago.
I was driving home and Gonser was playing some obnoxious records.
So I punched him.
Joey, it was the day that he stayed over that extra quarter hour.
And he had...
What did he call J. Michaels?
He called him a quailude sucking homosexual.
Good lord.
And I'll be honest with you.
I never knew about the quailudes.
Hey, Nail, this is Don Jr.
I know you don't like my old man, pal.
But hey, you're still a pal of mine.
Your numero uno, babe.
And now...
Here with a special Christmas message.
The immortal Elvis.
All like he.
Like a bourbon.
As here is the king.
I know I haven't been around for a while.
But I want you all to know what up here in Rock and Roll Heaven.
I'll be thinking of you because Christmas.
And I'd like to give you all a special Christmas message.
A message of peace.
Like, how about a little piece of that Thai called Bob?
Like a robot.
A lot of times I was saying Christmas is a time of hoot.
A time of joy.
A time for love.
And I share with love.
Take slots that's reaching you out there.
I can.
Hope we'll watch.
No more water left.
Oh yeah, Christmas.
The Christmas to me means family.
If family means friends.
If friends means getting together.
And getting together means...
Eat?
I'll pass me that term and say which please.
I'll thank you.
I'll give you one more.
Now just walk straight to you right now.
You know I may be a big star.
Maybe too big.
But ain't nobody so big.
You can't reach out a help in a hand.
Or a helping hand.
Well, would you hand me a helping of those nice taters over there?
Which I believe?
Like it.
Like it very much.
Now I like how we're flaring them.
Ain't nobody so big you can.
Stoop to help a friend of neat over the holidays season.
Speaking of season,
you won't pass me that soft sugar.
Can you get the chance?
Like it.
Yeah, just, just those screw the cover.
That's right.
Like it.
So this Christmas,
why don't y'all take a tip from old A.O.
on us?
Now now I'll leave those stick tips right where they are.
You know what I mean?
No, I appreciate it.
Thank you.
But once you remember,
we're all part of God's great big family.
And you know God made man into his own image.
And look at the mirror.
I have to say God must be a big,
big sinner we're gonna do.
You know what I mean?
I think you do.
But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing.
You know all of whom is Christmas,
stringing that popcorn up on the tree.
Save a big, big bowl for the king.
Extra butter.
What am I?
I like your deer.
I like your deer.
I like your deer.
Is he eating on the air?
I bet you sure you'll hold whatever nervous break to him.
If she heard L of his eating on the air on Zeta 4.
Would that be disgusting or what?
We've been flooded with people who enjoyed the two concert last night.
We've had one call.
You know they spent the whole day on this station yesterday.
Just going ape over that YouTube concert and that Bono Vox.
And I'm telling you, I mean you know some of their music is okay.
But I wouldn't get excited about them.
I wouldn't walk from here to the edge of the fog to see you too.
Right.
I wouldn't.
Would you?
No, I enjoyed their music but I would not go to the orange bowl.
That's not the kind of group you want to see first of all.
Like I said before.
No, the music's fine but I wouldn't go to the orange bowl.
Or the sport of toy.
I wouldn't go to any bowl.
Right.
To see that one should be good.
Who's that?
The sting concert.
Sting ought to be excellent.
And the January.
And that's at the night center.
See I would go to the night center.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
That's nice.
Okay, here's every breath you take on Zeta 4 by the police.
Okay, let's go to date County.
Hello.
You be there?
Okay, this caller either be illan or be going.
Yeah, see?
I told you they were still there.
Yes sir.
Listen ill.
Yeah.
No, no, no.
What I do is I call you and I put the phone down and just listen on the radio and
then you wait to find out if it's your turn.
Yeah, yeah.
And just as you pick up the phone, I'm hanging it up, right?
Yeah, and I rush to the phone so you wouldn't hang up on me.
I wouldn't do that too.
You sound like a great American.
You have your reason.
I think when you call up the other radio station, that's probably one of the best parts in your show.
It's pretty revealing though, isn't it?
To see which stations respond and have a good time with us and which ones are just testy and won't play the game.
Yeah, I wonder why people do that.
They take a couple of minutes and at least you know, I'll talk to you at least.
I like this guy in 1-100 this morning telling me he's so busy and this and that.
Yeah, that sunny box.
And you have, have you called those dudes waxing up yet?
Yeah, I called.
Didn't you hear that?
No, I didn't.
What happened?
I called him about quarter to seven I think and I said, don't hang up.
You have a said chance here and they started singing, don't hang up and they hung up.
Yeah, well, it's not them.
They're under a lot of pressure over there.
The management is just totally psychotic.
They are.
Very good.
And when the next numbers come out in about 10 days, they're really, they're going to be an intensive therapy for weeks.
Hey, listen up. What about numbers now? How's your station doing?
This one?
Yeah.
Well, we're on the up, we're on the upswing. Let's put it that way.
On the upswing?
Yeah. That's true.
Of course, when you start.
Because that's because you're the rock and roll monster.
When you start at zero, though, you have to go up. You can't go down.
Listen, man, it was a nice talking to you.
Like, if you're my input, you're shows pretty good and I always come in in the morning as soon as I wake up.
Well, that's good because that's what time it's on. So that's a good start.
Okay, buddy.
Thanks a lot.
Boy boy.
Hey, that's starting to catch up.
Now Joey's going to accuse us of stealing that from him.
You know, if I was higher, higher, higher, then we turned that into boy boy.
Now ours is boy boy. He says, pretty close.
It's like, you know, those lawsuits against George Harrison and all these other and Stevie Wonder.
Yeah.
But I'm not concerned about that.
I would Stevie Wonder steal somebody else's material.
Something to think about.
Okay, we have it open. No, we don't. Boy, the lines are hot today.
A lot of ways we punch your buttons on Zeta 4. You know what I'm saying?
I'm really getting choked up about it.
Okay, let's move right along.
He does have a big party tonight. I can't believe it. He was promoing it yesterday.
That's right.
And he is the party animal.
Oh, yeah. Well, he at least he admits it.
Non-stop party guy.
Oh, yeah.
It's got that little boom box.
I guess the big boom box he takes like the major events like if he's in the Orange Bowl or the Night Center.
And the little boom box is like to take to your house or, you know, the holiday in something like the Marriott.
The Tupperware party.
Dave, Dave County. Hello.
Hello, man. Good morning.
Good morning to you.
I wanted to tell you thanks. I got my cassette.
Great.
Which was excellent.
And I sent a copy out to Hawaii to my brother.
Beautiful.
And he sent it back.
And said, I wouldn't let him listen to it.
Yeah.
Anyway, I got two now.
And I've also got my buttons from the bird.
Beautiful. Well, it sounds like you're in good shape.
Yeah, except let me tell you something about that Schuzzler stand.
You know, he said right in send in material.
Make a program. I'll send you a Pope T-shirt.
He stole my material and didn't send me a t-shirt.
You believe that?
Yes, I do.
And I swear to God, he called up on it.
And I called up the program guy over there.
The switchboard and told me he was stealing my material.
Yeah.
I got hung up on me.
What? One of the worst freeloaders in the history of broadcasts in that state.
Who is the guy that's working the board over there?
Not Kyle anymore.
Oh, you mean Roland?
Oh, I don't know who he would.
You know, there's, I have an interesting question about that.
His name is Bob Roland.
And when he used to run the board for all of us,
we used to call him Bob, which is generally what you call people.
You don't call him by their, for example, we don't, we didn't call Kyle Isley.
Hey, Isley, how you doing?
And now all of a sudden that he's become a superstar,
he, they call him by his last name.
Hey, Roland, what's, what is that all about?
That's what he was.
Why?
If you call him Bob, he gets all upset.
Why?
I don't know.
Roland?
Roland?
Roland?
Roland?
Your CCR on Zeta 4.
Did Bird, did you get my letter?
Which one?
One, I left a dollar in for Birdseed.
Appreciate it.
No, anyway, I wrote you a letter.
It was a long time ago.
Listen, you know that Beaver song about the underwear?
Yeah.
I have a similar problem with a friend of mine.
She's too embarrassed to go out and buy herself underwear.
And she's still wearing this stuff when I think she's about 14.
Believe that?
Yeah, I do believe it.
You don't want any putty that might be able to help her, maybe like,
stand or something?
No, I think my roommate is big on girls' underwear.
In fact, he was wearing some blue ones yesterday.
They were amazing.
Anyways, with lace.
I've got a real hang up.
She didn't want to go in and buy anything.
I've been trying to get her to do that.
And I've tried to see in Joraz and Ducks on her butt all the time.
Well, you can buy them for her, can you?
Oh, no, I'm too embarrassed to do that.
Are you really?
Yeah, I don't even buy my own underwear.
No, I didn't.
Anyway, maybe somebody's listening out there
to give me an idea of how to get her into a store.
No, I got an idea for you.
Why don't you buy them?
Yeah, whatever.
No, that didn't get on your underwear.
Okay, I'm sorry.
No, just don't do it again.
No, I won't.
That's not usually me.
That was the right word, though.
Well, let me bring up one of the things, too, is that you're a friend.
Steve and man, you had to cut a tape for that guy.
He's such a jerk.
Who's that?
Eve, you know, he was calling you Mr. Dirty Mouth yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
Anyway, but you had to cut a little tape and tease him, man.
He's so open for being a bad guy.
I don't know.
It does.
I mean, though, you're saying I love listening to you.
I'm sure I might, I could tease terrific.
Hello.
Hello.
You're okay.
I'm sorry.
That's right.
Okay, one last thought.
He was telling a guy how bad it is to give a little boy a gun
and expose him to that.
Yeah.
And I wonder what his daughter thought when he used to walk around the house
and they expose him to what he was.
To that little pistol, yeah.
Thank you.
It's worth it.
All right.
Goodbye.
Okay, we'll go by.
Oh, gee.
Isn't that interesting the way he said that?
Like, um, all of a sudden, like, there are some people who are like that.
In the morning.
Like you'd be talking.
No, not necessarily.
You'd be talking everything is fine.
And all of a sudden, goodbye.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Maybe he saw some things.
You don't like this.
You don't like that.
I can't handle it.
You like them to back out.
Yeah.
I like them to just kind of like, slink out the door.
Like, Alice, just kind of slink out of the door and keep like one foot
on the other side of the line at all times.
17 past seven on Zeta 4 here in the Friday morning.
And that's a good idea.
Are you still there?
I'm here.
Okay, hold on.
Okay, that's our caller.
And what are you laughing about?
The guy is an intensive care for crying out loud.
He wants to hear the show.
Is that a laughing matter?
No.
I'm glad we can help him.
You want to be ashamed of yourself.
I was just just on general principle.
I'm not laughing at him.
What are you laughing at?
It was just funny.
Just laughing at the life in general, right?
Exactly.
Boy, get you off the hook.
Thank you.
Broward County.
Hello.
I know there's somebody there.
I know you're there.
I'm positive.
I've been serious dollars.
Hello.
See, I told you.
How are you?
Hello, hello.
Hello.
Me.
Yeah.
Hi, goodness.
Are you alright?
I called from Bade and I called the Broward line.
Oh, boy.
You sound excited.
I am.
You sound...
I've been waiting to talk to you.
You sound like all nervous and goosey now.
I am.
I've never talked on a radio before.
Wow.
So how is it?
It's great, I guess.
Yeah, it sounds good.
You guys are great.
I know.
I'm Boston.
This is the first time I've ever heard your show.
Are you serial?
How long have you been here?
Oh, eight months.
Eight months.
And what the heck have you been listening to?
I don't know.
I guess.
I don't know.
All the dollars.
Do you know Scott and his year?
This must be Scott's sister.
I don't know.
It's quality rock and roll.
Azzella for.
Are you auditioning for your own show?
Oh, no, but I can come on yours.
How would that be?
That would be fine.
One day.
One day.
One day.
One fine day.
And here are the chiffons on Zeta 4.
Are you following any of this?
Is it the chiffon?
Yeah, do you remember the chiffons?
Oh gosh.
That must be before my time.
Yeah, he's so fine.
That was a record that George Harrison stole from my sweet lord.
Is he fine?
I don't know, but I'd like to find out.
Who are we talking about?
Is chiffon?
Yeah.
I can't follow this.
No, I don't either.
I'm lost.
Like, let me chiffon pie?
It's really in the morning for me.
Or, shoe fly pie.
Obviously.
It's too bad we didn't write all of this out.
Can you imagine how good this call would be when you write it out?
See, that's another thing I don't understand.
Sonny is when you're doing a talk show like we do.
How do you write it all out?
I mean, the calls are spontaneous.
You idiot.
Not you, ma'am.
Just sunny.
Sunny Fox.
With a V.
I know, my goodness.
When you get up this early in the morning, how do you guys get up this early in the morning?
You have such a sense of humor.
Very easy.
The alarm goes off and you get up and you bang it a couple of times.
You jump out of bed, hop in the car, and here you are, like magic.
102.7.
I've opened up that for a second.
Yes, they do.
You'd be amazed.
I guess I would be.
Yeah.
Teach me how to do that someday.
Oh, I don't think so.
I think you're barking.
I think you better listen to the show a little longer.
Okay, listen, have a wonderful weekend and call us again, okay?
I sure will.
Thank you much, Lee.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
She was nice.
Oh, yeah.
I have no idea what she was talking about, but I enjoyed the call of it.
That's the kind of call we like a lot.
Absolutely correct.
7.20 now on Zeta 4.
Now we were talking about.
You're about on this written out now?
Is it prepared?
Well, kind of.
Okay.
Yeah, we were talking about three men and a baby, the song with my girl and it that people
in some theaters break.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This one.
Say, two, two, six, stay, I, Z.
Well, the original, my girl is in this movie, Three Men and a Baby, which is the Ted
Dance and Movie that some people in some theaters are breaking into the Stan Major song.
And it is number one in the country, this film.
What is the Stan Major song?
Yeah.
Well, that's number one here.
Stan's not getting any calls and he's depressed about that, but when he finds out his
song is number one, that'll make him feel a lot better.
Well, three minute a baby is the number one film in the country.
In its first five days of release, it sold nearly $14 million in tickets.
That's almost double the number two film, which is Cinderella, the re-release of the Walt
Disney animated classic.
You know what we went to see last night?
Plains, trains and automobiles?
How did you know that?
That's number three.
Well, that's what we went to see.
Steve Martin and John Dandy.
Funny movie.
Yeah.
Fatal attraction is edging its way out of this number four and last week's number one film,
The Running Man with Arnold is number five.
Happy relatives gave thanks and Cuban prisoners played salsa music early today.
Played what?
Salsa music.
Salsa.
Salsa, not Salsa.
Salsa.
Salsa is what Tony Prego makes in the promotion office.
Well, anyway, 89 hostages walked a freedom at the Atlanta federal pill and treasury.
A group of relatives shot it.
Thank God.
Thank God as the first hostages emerged from 11 days of captivity.
Was that another ethnic slur when you said Salsa?
No.
Is it an atsugutta salsa?
That's what they say in a ragu plan in Rochester.
Partly cloudy becoming breezy later today with a hug.
How about you didn't know they made ragu spaghetti sauce in Rochester, didn't you?
I never had thought about that.
You know, it's weird.
I'd never thought about that.
I'd be 76, but I'd be 49.
It freezes though.
54 at Zeta Ford.
Why buy it from a youth?
In accordance with the new FCC guidelines, this station will broadcast material characterized
as indecence only between the hours of midnight and 6 a.m.
The time at the tone.
12 midnight.
He's the first kid on the block.
First kid.
And he gets up right and early.
Right and early.
Well, you know he's a little nutty.
Got him a nutty.
And you know he's a little squirrely.
Got him squirrely.
Well, he peaks at you through the hole in the record just to say hello.
Hi, I can see what you're all doing out there.
In the morning, I'm Zeta Ford radio.
It's the new Roger show.
Good morning, Neil.
26 after 7 on Zeta Ford.
The sun is shining.
It looks just like a repeat of yesterday.
The fog has burned off.
Yes.
Am I right?
Not a cloud that is a little bit of it like hovering out there with the Rick Edwards
and the tower.
But other than that, it's burned off and it looks like yesterday all over again, a little
crisp going to be a great day.
Good day to wash a car.
Is it?
Great day to wash a car.
I thought it'd be a good day to move furniture.
No, that was yesterday.
Oh, you did.
And yesterday was a good day to wash a car too.
I did not wash the cars, by the way.
But you did someone else wash the cars.
They had times.
Exerted enormous physical energy and they did a very good job, by the way.
Wow.
So that's a step into right direction.
I guess.
Of course, that was after I had moved 400 pounds of furniture, but you know, little things.
How's your back?
My back is out.
26 after 7.
My back is hurting after what they've been saying about me at Y100, no.
Shame on them.
OK, let's dig into my pocket.
I like this.
Just like reaching into your pants pocket, you've got all these little slips of paper.
I like Captain Kangaroo.
I feel this like Mr. Green Genius.
I know.
And you got all these weird numbers on them.
Not Daffy.
We didn't get to call her yesterday.
Are you going to call Daffy?
Oh, this one.
The best.
No.
Oh.
What the hell would I talk to her about?
It's very difficult to be a suit at 730 in the morning, I don't understand.
OK, here we go, boys and girls.
You could talk to her about.
You could talk to her about.
Reagan Gorbachev, sub-it.
Yeah.
Hi, this is Steve Parham, the new program director of Y100.
Nice to call you the Y100, listen line.
OK.
With your input, we're going to make Y100 even better.
Wow.
Please leave your comment.
You have 30 seconds.
Yeah.
Y100, listen to you.
Boy, come on, Steve.
Where's the beef?
Hey, Steve.
How are you doing?
This is Neil Rogers again at Zeta Ford.
I'm sorry to call you two days in a row.
But about that sunny fox, what's with sunny?
I mean, it's one thing to be prepared and have everything written up.
But what's wrong with sunny?
Doesn't he have a sense of humor?
He loves my show.
He loves me.
He tapes the show.
He steals my material.
Straighten sunny out.
Will you please tell him to speak to us?
Tell him we could have a wonderful relationship.
You know what I mean?
He...
by-steed.
Ah!
OK.
Now there's a hell of a suggestion for the...
Yeah.
Straighten sunny out.
I don't know why.
I think Y100 even better.
I can't believe he didn't talk to us.
I mean, the guy came on and sounded so friendly.
He loves you.
These people are so uptight.
They have no sense of humor.
They have no sense of adventures, some of them.
Now, Sonny, you ain't into sunny at the dentist, boss.
Sonny loves this show.
He's a groupie.
He's one of my...
I know.
Main groupies.
We used to have to bade him from the age of college.
He shook my hand so many times that I felt like I had been doing aerobics when I left the
dentist office.
That's a true story.
Oh, let's see.
There was the...
Of course he'd do it in the dentist office, I wonder.
Getting a new mouth.
I was saying there's a power 96.
Now, what happened to the number for she?
Did I lose that?
Are you going to cost me?
You think...
I think it'd be pushing it to call him again today, don't you?
And he might be upset that somebody we know used that on the year.
I don't know.
He might be upset about that.
I wouldn't blame him because it wasn't...
In other words, he wasn't doing material for the Stan Major show.
Really?
Well, I know that comes as a shock to Stan.
That's what I thought it was.
I almost did something terrible there.
But anyway, he was doing it just in response to our call and he was a good caller.
Oh, he was great.
He was.
He was great.
Excellent.
Maybe through a couple of shots, not at us.
Let's take a shot at Stan.
Stan.
At Stan.
Now I know why I like that call so much.
It finally rings a bell.
At Stan Major disease, look out for it ladies and gentlemen.
It's creeping through the building in Zeta 4.
Stan Major.
Talking about Stan Major.
7.30 on Zeta 4.
Don't forget Jay Michaels on AM on WINZ today is going to be having his own Tupperware party on the air.
It's a radio first ladies and gentlemen by Tupperware over the air on WINZ today.
And it's going to be great when they have those things burped on the air.
Are they going to can you buy any of those little specimen things?
I bet you that Sherry Hall would have a nervous breakdown if we were burping Tupperware on the air back there.
Can you imagine how that would sound in stereo?
I bet you would sound pretty good.
Yeah, we can have like two of them and you could burp one over there and I'll burp one over here.
Or if we get some of that TJ cinnamon's in here this morning, we could just burp our shell.
Boy, that's great stuff.
Yeah, we haven't had any food coming here in a long time.
And it's only 7.30 now, which means we still have a good solid hour to get those cheeseburgers in here.
What are you making cuttable sounds?
You don't believe that one day we're going to get cheeseburgers in here?
I'm telling you, if I could do it in Albion, Michigan, like 22 years ago,
then why the hell can't we do it here?
It's possible.
Some homemade ones, I think, is the only way you're going to get them in here.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to really eat homemade meat in this market, right?
Keep all your homemade meat at home, all right?
We can call Jamie and Barcy.
Yeah, there we go. We can have cheeseburgers Parmesan.
That sounds really good to me.
I think I'll bring up what calls, perhaps, State County.
Hello. Hello. I think they're gone.
I can always tell.
Oh, yeah, I know.
I trust that ear implicitly.
Well, Neil?
Yes, sir.
What's up, bud?
Hey, how you doing?
Just enough. I'd like to ask you something.
When you play at stand majors songs, it sounds so much better.
I mean, so much better when you sing along with it.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah. We can't sing, sir.
I think you guys can.
Well, I'm always on key, but somebody in the room we won't mention any name.
Somebody is always way off key.
I mean, seriously, when you play that, could you do me a favor?
In fact, in fact, Steve, when he goes stand majors.
Steve, he wondered how an album about his performance.
It's called Songs in the Key of Flight.
Flight?
As in Big Bird?
What, what? Big Bird?
Do I feel like we have an echo on the show today or something?
No, no, I'm not understanding you.
That's the idea.
Well, listen, I like that question.
Who makes these, these big volume beaver skits?
Who makes them up?
Yeah, who makes them up?
Tony Dow and the Clint Eastwood.
Tony Dow, because that is pretty good.
Yeah, they're a number nowadays.
You know that Tony and the Clint?
That they're a number?
Yeah.
Like how do you mean they're a number?
Like a number.
Like picking up from 1 to 100.
Like maybe 69?
Yeah, okay.
That's the number.
Okay, so I just want to call that, if you could sing along with them, because that...
Okay, next time, okay?
Yeah, okay.
So we'll see you later.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Call my answering machine.
This fits right in with that call.
Would you?
Well, now I'm going to debate whether I should call you or whether I should call...
10-Major!
That's...
My answering machine will fit right into that life.
You notice I did dump that.
So did it.
So did it.
Yes, should I appreciate that?
Mager!
Talking about...
Mager!
Mager!
Say, Mager!
How does that sound good when I sing on this, doesn't it?
Oh!
Gee!
Wow.
It's like the whole world is losing their minds now, you know?
And he thinks he's responsible for that.
That's what he's upset about, because he knows damn well that I'm the one that's got everybody going around seeing Stan Mager.
It just keeps running through my head.
I know, I can't...
I was obsessed at one time with the Joey Reynolds team, remember?
This is replaced.
Don't you think?
In fact, just to refresh your memory.
Oh!
Okay, great.
Allo Gary Lawrence, I think, is out of town.
Isn't he seen in New York?
Yes.
I love to play this what he's in town.
But that isn't very often.
Joey Reynolds, Joey Reynolds!
And when I first got this, when they first sent me the scratchy old record from WXYZ,
you'll recall that I was obsessed.
Oh!
And I can't play it over and over again, but it ran its course.
It was great.
But the thing about that J-Michael's jingle, man, it just...
It grows on you.
It just cannot get enough of it.
That's right.
And it just stays great.
Yeah.
Never burns out.
It's marvelous.
Yeah.
735, I'd say to four, we're going to do a commercial break.
Now, let me refresh my memory.
Have we played any music today?
No.
I know we've been ordered.
The rumor is from what's his name over there at Goodwill.
Oh!
We've been ordered.
We've been ordered to play a lot more rock and roll.
Buddy Nevin's is he working at Goodwill?
Or is he eating at Goodwill?
One or the other.
In fact, if you saw him in here that morning, I think he dressed his from Goodwill.
Says very heavy traffic on South Bend.
Okay, I certainly will.
It's 23 till late on Zeta 4, as we continue to set new trends in radio broadcasting from coast to coast.
That's correct.
And one of the new parts of our format is sneezing.
Man, you are just wheezing and choking and puking.
I don't know what it is.
It seems to be going around.
I feel fine.
Do you?
You look like Helen a handbag's coming.
Well, why should today be a handbag?
You look like we're off the red nose bird.
Is it red?
It's red as a beet.
In fact, it matches your microphone cozy.
It does today.
It really does.
But I'm alright.
It's getting better.
Broward Coddy.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, why is it like the beginning of every call the levels are so low?
Have you noticed that?
Go ahead, sir.
It's not your fault.
I got to turn my levels up, how's that?
It's our Mickey Mouse phone system.
It's Japanese.
You know how it goes.
Yeah.
Hey, Neil.
I need four adults to turn your levels up.
Just a little bit of my moniker broke last night.
Okay, how's this?
A little better?
I heard that pool last night.
Yesterday when he came on, I couldn't believe that.
Which pool was that?
The guy you'd been having problems with.
Oh, that idiot, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I was talking with Stan yesterday and he says,
I don't worry about that idiot.
Yeah, don't worry about that idiot.
I'm bird.
Yes, sir.
I asked Stan yesterday that since you're both sharing the office
if you're changing the paper a little more regular.
I just wanted to come.
I had a good morning, guys.
I was first my bed office morning.
I'll bet you the night.
On your motorcycle?
That was a good day and we'll talk to you in a little bit.
Okay, I'll still a little bit ago.
I'll put them back in.
Audio is okay.
I was trying to ask him something there,
but he was just zooming right on ahead.
That's how those motorcycle people are.
Yeah.
Okay, now God's just going to be doing a show
from a biker bar today at 10 o'clock.
That ought to be really exciting.
I'm looking forward to it.
As a matter of fact, I'm supposed to promote Mr. Mung,
our program director, had a note that I somehow misplaced.
Really?
Imagine how I did that.
I was supposed to mention that it's Friday,
so Gondra will be at the comic strip tonight.
That's right.
Right?
Every Friday.
Big deal.
Okay, now that's just a joke.
Okay, just a little inside joke.
Tonight.
Friday.
Yeah.
Is that tonight?
Yeah.
Okay, let's take a call from Dave County
and I know that they're there.
Hello.
Yeah, man, what it is.
See, I told you.
Oh, yeah.
How you be?
Yeah.
That's your call, Sweet Baby Blue Stormy,
let me talk to you.
Sweet Baby Blue?
Yeah, man.
You know what time it is out there now?
It's like 20 to 5 in the morning.
Not only that, we can't put two people on together here.
Just Dondra.
That's right.
That's right.
You don't have to call her in a long time.
I know.
You'll have to call her.
Direct.
Do you want her number?
Yeah, man.
What it is?
Okay, it is.
I just chill out.
Would you please?
It's an area code 213.
You got that?
Yeah.
976.
Is this guy?
4257.
All right, man.
Okay, you better call right away because I gave it on the year.
I didn't to dump it out.
So you better get in there.
They're going to be mobbed.
All right, man.
You all right.
Okay.
Bye, boy.
Okay, that's the number for Sweet Blue.
That's that, um, I don't want to say phone sex.
That's what it is.
Sure.
No, don't say that.
That's a live phone sex.
That's grotesque.
But that's what it is.
What would you call it?
What would you call it?
But I liked her.
She was funny.
Yeah.
She was excellent.
Uh-huh.
Ah, this sweet baby blue.
In fact, she was good, but our caller is wrong.
More on.
Right.
I was hot, horny young guys who were calling in.
If free now.
You know, we'd get her on the phone with them and they wouldn't know whether to scream or eat a banana.
They did not know what to do.
Jeff Stryker's number is disconnected.
Yeah.
It's not like it used to be.
No, the old days were.
Those were the good old days.
The last summer.
You know, one of those hot numbers on the phone, man.
Now it's really desperate.
We're not just going up.
Oh!
Baby, I smile, oh, today.
Well, you don't step on the village people, are you?
They can do nasty things to you.
You know, cross them.
You're mad at me, you are.
Don't run up, you're alone.
You're just a girl.
I'll only remember.
Hello, my friend.
What's your credit card number?
36.
What's your phone number?
1666.
What's your fantasy?
You're very hot.
We'll call you back.
Thank you.
Over the phone.
You know, I like it.
Hey.
Over the phone.
You know, when you go out into large crowds,
like in a shopping mall at this time of the year,
when there are enormous numbers of people,
and you start looking around,
you realize that with most of them,
this would be the best way.
Seriously.
Over the phone, when you can't see them,
like over the radio.
Kind of like listening to Bano Vag.
You don't have to see his face.
I don't care not at all.
Oh, that's a call for me.
Back.
Come on.
Bano Vag.
It's me, you're the only one to see.
Oh, what's it?
Okay.
Just care about my body.
Oh, that's a good one.
I love Bano Vag.
Oh, my, oh, is it all?
Is it all?
Okay, those are going to be the special guests
on the lead Gillette show this afternoon on Zeta,
the Village People.
Can't you see,
you lead Gillette interviewing the Village People?
Not really.
No, it just doesn't fit.
So to speak.
It's 18 before 8 on Zeta 4,
then you'll watch your show.
What the hell is that Steve Kane talking about anyway?
You know that every time another one of these stupid articles comes out
or there's another development in that stupid ongoing soap opera,
right away he's there to try to exploit it,
because he's another guy who's got absolutely no show.
And he's talking about calling me Mr. Pottymouth
or whatever, at least a ledge,
because I don't listen to him at all.
No, I don't need him.
Anymore, and I don't listen to Alice anymore.
So I don't know what Stan's bitching about,
because he may not be getting a lot of calls,
but he's got no competition.
There's nothing else to listen to.
Is the only thing I was zero.
It's Stan.
Yeah.
It's the only thing to listen to in the afternoon.
My radio is either on, I'll put it this way.
If I'm in a car, it's either on Stan,
on FM listening to music,
hopefully this station except when we're playing CCR,
or in the off position, right?
Those are the only three options.
I never think of any of the,
no.
No, because they're still doing that same tired old crap
that is beyond passé.
Kane had Jack Sturdy on the other day, so I mean,
you know, what does that tell you?
That's exciting.
Did he have Bill Crawford on at the same time?
Bill Crawford was on Jeff Charles show, that day.
Oh, God.
And then at two,
how about George Kempel?
Was he on with Alice?
No.
No.
I know.
How about Don Stutter?
Who?
I better not mention his name.
He'll call in.
You know Stutter.
He's letting say,
he doesn't take much provocation and right away he's on the phone.
That's right.
Talking about those pictures.
Speaking of pictures, by the way.
Yes.
Hmm.
I guess I'm going to be seeing an old friend of yours sometime this weekend.
And I wonder if I should ask her about those.
What about them?
About those intimate photographs?
We didn't do those.
You didn't do them yet.
You didn't take, yet?
No, we're not going to do them.
Why not?
And then you never say never.
Always keep your options open.
Okay.
I just didn't think it was a good idea.
It was just a...
Do we want to tell the audience what it was?
Is it between midnight and six?
No, okay, well we can't.
Okay, they're intimate.
Let's leave it at that.
Entomans?
No, tell Stan that man, he's a liar.
Entomans.
Now I think maybe that's what's affecting his show.
I don't think he's eating as much.
Entomans is he used to.
I think that's probably what the big problem is.
Also, if my good friends at Windixie up in plantation
up in Jacaranda or Square are listening,
I know you guys have got a good sense of humor,
but these 95-year-old bag boys have got to go.
Yeah, okay.
That's not an ultimatum, but they got to go.
Or I'm going to go up to publics.
Dave County, hello.
Are you there?
Nope.
They're there.
There's somebody there.
They're down about it.
Yes, sir.
Hey, dude, how you doing?
Okay, Cougar.
I always get to use two cons real last night.
Hey, here's another one.
You're our second U2 official auto, and how was it?
I was under squirrel, we great.
Yeah.
You know, there were some really great surprises in that concert too.
Such as?
Well, one more day.
I'll come out and agrarian skirt and play the electric fondos.
See, now I don't know whether to believe him.
That's possible.
I was right up front near the stage and Misha was running around with her top off screaming.
Do you know me?
That's possible too.
Yeah, and a lot of people in the audience said we'd recognize those anywhere.
There were talking about her earrings of work.
I'm going to show you after the concert in Beyshire, where would the clone attend the stage now?
It was a great show.
Yeah.
Well, listen, I'm glad you enjoyed it and have a wonderful day.
You didn't say anything about Brian Dorkross.
I do believe the part about Dwight Lauderdale.
Oh, yeah, I believe it.
Okay, it's a low-hot Friday on the J-Michael show on AM.
I guess we don't even bother with that record anymore, right?
Well, I don't know.
I thought you were getting kind of tired of it.
I was before it started.
Now does the rest of the station do that?
Still?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
And we can it.
Ever since I joined this morning show, I'm kind of sequestered by the rest of the group.
Yeah.
That's like quarantine.
I'll ask it.
That's one of my favorite parts of Florida's Jupiter sequester.
Broward County, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
I wrote that out, by the way.
What's that?
Cousin, Mugsy, how you doing?
I haven't seen you in years.
Yeah, Mugsy, how are you?
I'm picking a job with a new establishment.
Now Jeff Strike is new manager.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yeah.
How would you like me to set you up for a session?
Oh, yeah.
I guess you could put it that way.
Sounds good to me, Mugsy.
Okay, well, I'll...
Speaking of that, the Peter Bullard is my number with the operator.
Okay, hold on a minute.
There's Peter Bullard here just drove ahead.
He's looking at singing there in the sunshine like Gail Garnett.
And here she is on Zeta 4.
We'll sing in the sunshine.
I wouldn't he just pass out.
He would just fall right on the ground out there.
Oh, yeah.
Impale himself on his antenna.
Well, maybe he'll give us the load on on the concert last night and how it went.
Since the audience seems to be oblivious.
He seems a little mic shy, though, don't you think?
On this station, when I was on AM, he was always...
