I wonder if the call when the callers start becoming personalities and becoming guests on the shows.
Here's another record.
Maybe we ought to just have Leonard card all this stuff up and we'll play it today instead of talking all these pinheads.
Oh, we can't play this on the air.
What is it?
Well, the name of the group, first of all, is blow flies.
So that should be a pretty good idea.
And the name of the song, well, there are two cuts on here on most 45s that generally are two sides, right?
I got a whole pack of very observant of blow fly right now.
And that's another one on one side, the first black president.
And on the other side, give me that old 69, the number song.
Those ought to be good.
Huh? Play those on Stan's show.
And we'll listen to them.
Dave County. Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I'd like to talk to an help.
You're talking to him.
Service is he.
Yes.
Hi.
I wanted to go to him.
I was in the flight of Saudi, but I was away for the week.
Yeah.
Who is this?
Wait a minute.
Is this the guy from IMI Vice?
No, sir.
I'm not.
Is this Michael Talbot?
No, sir.
Okay.
Go ahead, sir.
Yep.
I do my family Thursday night with a place to handle fear of the attack.
You want to break the launch on Thursday?
Yeah.
What is that?
You know, the force was excellent.
Yeah.
It was very good.
The service was good and the force and I really recommend that place very highly.
Great.
Okay.
Just let's go.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay.
We'll be sending you your worst alert alarm in the mail, sir.
An entry for the Near Rogers exotic erotic Hawaiian vacation contest.
I told you.
Right.
Is I speak?
Yeah.
Told you today.
I always make a last minute change.
There's not even a picture in this.
Listen to this.
Dearest Neil.
Is that a fain off start for you?
I cannot express the excitement and anticipation that filled my lower body when I heard you announce that you were looking for a companion to accompany you to the beautiful isle of Hawaii.
His name is Jay, but his closer friends call him joy.
I may tell you what you laughing about.
I haven't even got to the good party yet.
I am a 22 year old male flight attendant who loves to go around the world need.
I say more.
I am an Anglo Miami native, but love to mix with the different cultures.
I'm five foot 10 inches tall away 150 pounds.
I have long blonde hair and the earring in my right ear.
Oh, I've learned what that means.
I've had several layovers in Hawaii.
While working flights, but never have had a chance to spend an extended period of time there.
I'm a very party oriented guy would love a chance to do Hawaii with you.
We could go strictly platonic if you wanted to, but from my experience, it can get pretty lonely and cold during the nights there.
Who knows what might happen if we shared a suite together?
It doesn't get cold at night.
No, it doesn't get cold at night.
His hobbies are jogging sports hanging around gyms and western oil just kidding.
You believe this?
PSA Hydaglin Hill for me.
Oh, this probably somebody hangs out at the Thai orchid restaurant, which I do hang out at, but we heard with the J.
We know all about you.
Yeah, well, you might as well in the new hour.
Glenn is coming out of the closet on the air.
Don't hold your breath.
Okay.
One o'clock hour.
Boy, then just we're just loaded with stuff.
I beg your pardon.
Okay, Mike Wolf would like J to call him in the newsroom.
Mike wants to go to Hawaii with J.
Is there no hope for anybody in this building?
Questionable.
My dear Mr. Rogers, I tune to you every 10 a.m.
When you talk about jog strap, et cetera, I tune out when you discuss an issue and nobody does that better than you.
I listen and when you want cooperation, you get it.
You'll be little the early bird participants.
How about you?
Codging food.
What is caudging?
Do you ever hear of that before?
No.
Is that such a word as caudging?
There is.
Codging food from places just so you can give them a kind word.
Do you ever offer to pay or do you think you are entitled to freebies?
Because you are new Rogers.
I regret your new attitude.
Your sidekick is in India trying to be your clone.
Go back says Mrs. Irwin Jacobs in point east in North Miami Beach.
Oive in point east.
Well, we'll be doing our show remote tomorrow from Sadie's buffet and plantation or Davey wherever the hell it is.
Look at the phones now.
They're finally beginning to light up.
They're finally getting with the program.
You are not in the new issue of people that you're not going to be in any issue of people and you can take that.
Give me that.
The way some factors.
No, any more of that fluff.
We want only substance on this show.
Okay.
No more of that silly stuff with Elvis.
And Don Johnson's chest rubbing his belly with Western oil.
We don't want to hear about that anymore.
Okay.
Enough of that crap.
Now I don't understand.
We want this station to go back to being the.
Intellectual.
The substance station that it once was.
I don't understand this letter.
What?
I would appreciate.
Dear Mr. Hill.
I would appreciate if you would be good enough to forward.
Look at this.
Here's one that's as boon in debaht.
It's my mindless audience.
Those are times no matter what I tell a man.
They do it with one exception.
If you would include if you would forward being closed envelope
addressed to Miss Betty Lee Lombago to me for to her for me.
She appeared as a guest on the U.I. and S.
About a year ago.
At that time, those substantive callers I was talking.
All I see what my color at that time.
Two doctors also were guests on the program.
I see.
She wants me to forward this to a I see what it is to a guest that we had on the show.
Betty Lee Plombaco.
Talking about aches and pains.
No, right.
Now I understand what they want.
Let's take a break here just for the 25 past 11.
It's not going to believe today's male.
I mean, no matter what we've had in the past.
First of all, we have a copy of play girl here from May of I don't know what you're this is.
And there is an arrow Flynn in the box and a you'll Brenner in the box.
I can't believe it.
There's a picture of you old Brenner start naked.
And a picture of a real Flynn.
Start naked.
I can't believe it.
There it is.
There are a lot of other pictures in here of people who are less famous start naked like Lauderdale boys.
And these pictures do tend to be a lot more interesting than the Flynn in the box and the Brenner in the box.
But I just thought I would mention that.
And we thank the very entertaining.
But wait till you hear this.
You are not going to believe it.
And you see right in my hand.
And the letterhead says Pope John Paul the second addresses the entertainment and media industries universal city California.
You're not going to believe this.
Mr. Neil Rogers W. I. Z. Radio Miami Florida.
Dear Mr. Rogers is you are probably aware his holiness Pope John Paul to will be visiting Los Angeles on September 50th and 60th of this year.
While here the Pope will discuss the potential of modern communications as a means of unifying the peoples of the world.
The Holy Father will speak to the leaders of the nation's communications industries print television radio recording and motion picture on Tuesday,
afternoon, September 15th at 3pm at the registry hotel in universal city here in southern California.
The first box of John.
I would like to extend to you as a leader in your professional field a
personal invitation to join Pope John Paul in a consideration of the media's contributions to human enrichment
May I ask that you please fill out and return the enclosed card so that we have an exact seat count
And thereby make the necessary arrangements and there's the card you're inviting looking forward to having you join us at Universal City for this
historic meeting of the Pope with communications leaders and with kindest personal regards most reverend Roger Mahoney our
Spisshape of Los Angeles
Unfortunately that doesn't correspond with your when you're gonna be in California. Yeah, wouldn't that be great?
That would be hysterica. Now you gotta open that box or are you afraid?
You're afraid hope. Oh here we go. You have a big box here. It's probably a voodoo doll of the moon man. Would that be a moon in the box?
It could be
Okay, here we go. Here we go. Probably cigars or something. No, you know if I get cigars. It's a double
wrap box
Could be anything god knows could be anything
Boy is this wrap here we go. All right
I
Think it is a voodoo doll
It's a little oh no oh my god. Oh no
No, no
Direct to you. It should have been addressed to me. You're right. Oh
My
It's an official Pepsi collector series Tweety Bird glass
Do you believe that they're Tweety right on the glass and I present that to you in lieu of this week's paycheck? Yeah
And of course wouldn't you know it also has a cassette of course and
Why would as you want to cassette I you provide me with some of your material
I just agree that he deserves that yeah
So what you could do for him from the water hill is not exciting. Yeah
Boy this male today. I'll throw it in the stack and good luck to you
By the way the latest radio rumor founder is out and Sandy Peyton will be surfacing at W snooze in a couple of months
We've been saying that for weeks. Yeah, well, that's the rumor Sandy will do that much more much more prominent now than it was for a while
Yeah, so those of you who missed Sandy those of you with bad memories
Oh
Where's the TV repair man?
And the collectibles man he was so wonderful
Looks like they're gonna get their wish
And you know she's always good for you know like a two five sure absolutely date County hello
Hi, Barbar how are you doing? This is hard
Oh
Pinhead
Okay, another pinhead believe that good call good. Just a little upset. Can you believe that he would do that?
I can't believe he would pull out of us Howard County. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you? Okay?
I want to tell you don't be upset with male from pointy. It's the original Century Village. Yeah, I know that okay
Second of all
Did you hear on TV or radio that the day the Pope is here that they're gonna block I
From the museum to a hundred and third street
Yeah, yeah
I'm believe on you know separation of church and state
We leave absolutely yes
Absolutely like all over date County everywhere you go
You got all these people even the Jews have bumper stickers. We love John Paul the second
Just become the in thing to do now
I don't have to worry about getting around Miami, but just the post I have to go down here that day
Yeah, what do you do forget it? I guess you'll have to go to the Broward Mall instead. I was there yesterday looking for you
Where at the Broward Mall now but you were the
I was it colder. I was plunging my brains out but I thought I never cashed a ticket
No, no and in the last race I had four horses boxed in the trifecta and all four of them were in front with the
Less than a half a mile ago and the midway in the final turn all four of my horses were leading one of them was 20 to 1
One was 11 to one and I said I can't lose. There's no way I could lose. You know what I lost
Here came that 11 horse on the rail just flying by everybody and winning the race I couldn't believe it
I just have to tell you one more thing. I was how I'm doing some work on Friday would John was on
If you have that tape you could fly out of your chair laughing
You mean Chris no, it was John on the phone. John the men Chris. Yeah, it was so funny. It was great. Oh, it was it couldn't have been fun here
We've had no comment on it but it's been great. You're the first one because our audience basically are a bunch of young pinheads
And they have nothing of substance. I was sitting here
Yeah
You too, okay, how do you know? I pointless business
Shebroward
You're welcome
Jim Baker's former bodyguards suggested Thursday that the disgraced ptl founder
Was using the ministry's lavish bonus system to pay for homosexual gratification in his studio office
Don
Hardest here pardon the name was it raged by a story in time magazine that said he was duped into guarding the door of Baker's office
While men he thought were having a business meeting or actually having sex
Yeah, I heard that on CNN. How do you like that in the last week in the event? I'll see you then
Day in county hello
I think we may have
Move over on to make ways as zuki
We ultimate to wheel experience is here
Yes, 5,000 CCs are claiming pure waiting for a man
Much more enough to tame it
It's the kamikaze xs and it'll take you from zero to 200 miles an hour in under six seconds
Oh, it's because this phase got everything except grace
The kamikaze accepts it's the last motorcycle you ever run
Oh
Because we still have forgotten world war two young kid dog
Good mining ladies and gentlemen and thank you for flying Delta Airlines
We're presently cruising at an altitude of 35,000 feet
Well our captain has just shut off the main engine
So we'll be plunging to 5,000 feet at which time we will be losing lunch in the main cabin
If you look at your windows, you'll notice below us. There's a continental airlines jumbo jet
Which we will miss by mere inches
Our flight time to Chicago is exactly two hours
But that doesn't matter either since we'll be landing in Atlanta and
Incidentally on the wrong runway
Delta is proud to be the new official airline of what Disney World
So when you think Mickey Mouse think Delta
On behalf of captain goofy and the crew
Travis lezens flight
Oh
We said last week W. I. N. Z broadcast in a tutorial concerning gambling and a lottery in Florida
Here with another viewpoint is Barbara Caputman president of the Art Deco societies of America
In response to W I and C's editorial on the issue of gambling
Gambling is suggested as the only alternative to continued crime poverty and deterioration
Particularly on Miami Beach
But this is not what recent history suggests
And it is a real and easy issue requires the least work and creativity
The editorial also suggested from my m. A. B.
Triple happened to this world famous historic resort
Is that it become a residential area
filled with yuppies from muting to brick or Avenue
This is an old dream of developers who make the real money and I rise development
What is needed is a bolder use of what we have our own unparalleled resources to create another error the early 20th century
spend the fortunes proposed for new gambling hotels
On preservation of what we have
We should now ask us out there's Williams very make gambling okay
There he goes on his way with those what do they call those snakes that they put in there just made a disgust in
Oh
Give me that oh
But you'll be to my hand and we'll go to bed
In
I'm for weight but over all fly a fall of the
It's all thanks to leave I'd much rather be
leading at
women at oh
tonight and give me yours and you get mine
Won't you let me arrange this even exchange women at oh
sex
yeah
by my my my man that you might be pleased up with it
It's all over
Sixty-nine, a little bit till how much
By the tips of your tongue, and to know what it takes to spell my name
It's still been through my face, go not a thing can replace that old
Sixty-nine
Just turn right around here baby
Oh yeah
That'd be blo-
Jackie, behave!
Just what you saw, track goal record couldn't possibly
Fons to my comments about the senator and Barbara Kappitman and all of
That other good stuff that we talked about right at the beginning of the show
I haven't even heard this yet, but I understand through the grapevine that this could be a radio classic
This is the real By-Britic topic, not one of Neil Raj's work, psychopants
That continually mimicked my voice
I hear you playing, I heard you play the tape
This morning from almost a year ago that your prize is a collector's item, Neil
My listeners response to another of your misguided and unsuccessful efforts that are gambling
Today, as usual, you've come up on the side of no-nothings, sick humor about the echo district
You missed the entire point
The senator is threatened not because it is old, ugly, disabled, disabilitated or disgusting
The lab began to be disgusting as you said this morning
But because it is what the other act of building some Miami beats
Another of a tourist attraction to need private parking for 450 refurbished rooms, 1500 dining rooms, seats
Another minute is that the Roy Avril proposes to provide, as soon as five weeks from today
The Roy Avril business guided also in focusing on carrying down the common avenue buildings
For parking lot, for the heroes, ugly hotels as you see them
But not as off the track as in your blindness
You have been on what the real issue is that apparently rocking Miami beats by a captain
Oh, that was kind of an abrupt ending there, right? Like signing off over and out
Well, thank you so much, Barbara, what can I say that we haven't said before?
I think the operative words there were old, ugly and disgusting
I'm just so glad she listens to the show
Oh, yeah, she would miss the show for all the art deco on South Beach
The art deco, the senator, well, what a building that is
It's beautiful
And of course the beach is just loaded, there are piles on the beach of people who are coming from coast to coast to see those marvelous, those wonderful buildings
Those great buildings from days of your, oh, I ve
When's the last time you were on Miami Beach?
Well, it was about a week after I was on the Century Village tour bus in Deerfield
And you know something, I couldn't even tell the difference
It was incredible, it looked like the same ambiance and the same surroundings
Like some of the people I understand around the phone today
Uh oh, and boy, we'll see how long may stay on here
What is this all of a sudden? Right in midweek we seem to be shifting gears
Yeah
Well, in honor of my good friend Howard Kleinberg at the Miami News
Who would like us to go back to those good old days when Howard could
Not off as a guest in the middle of the show, you've heard the last guest on this program
Maybe he's ever been official? That is official
Wow
There will never be another guest
So Linda can relax
She shouldn't take it personally because I like Linda even though she despises me with a passion now
But she's sensitive
But I like her a lot
I'm not too fond of her boyfriend, but that's another story
Um, and Tom Jicca, Tom's a good friend, he's a great guy, he's a great guest
But you know, we can't disrupt the format of the show for one person, right?
And he does show up around town
Yeah
He touches all of the bass except at the wonderful island dreams
He's been banned
All that true, he has been banned over there because they don't like the truth
Right?
The truth shall not set you free over at Cox Broadcasting, which just coincidentally Cox happens to own the Miami News
That's true
Cox newspapers, Cox, that incestuous and serious relationship
And they ban, we all know and love
They ban Tom, it's amazing
Exactly, just like the audience would like to ban some individuals on this show, we won't mention any names
But what's the picture you have there?
No, the pictures that I have here are the ones from yesterday
Obviously, I've been so busy with all of that work
The first picture is a picture from...
I don't remember his name, but he's a very nice young man
He's keeping those close to your heart
And he looks a little bit like Alice
Yes, Mike, he's my name is Mikey
And what can I say?
No, Mike's a nice guy, and of course I have...
Here's the other picture of Mikey
Not bad
Oh, he's okay, nice guy
Then I have the picture of John, of course, which I'm humbling for
And John is very, very attractive young man
Who is successful, he's got his own business, he's 22
And I'd be delighted to spend an hour or two with John...
No, I'm just kidding
No, I'm gonna give him a call on these days when he least expects it
And we'll meet, you know, very discreetly in the middle of the middle of the year somewhere
And we'll see what's going on with John
But, you know, just to go over there for a week or ten days with somebody you don't know
And such short notice
Not a good idea
It's not a good idea
I mean, now somebody should happen to come in here from the voice of God's dream
And I shower or two with a...
What is that?
Just wind mail
More hate mail for the bird?
