with people in Halendell. I don't know how else or I'd have to go into a whole
decision and I'm getting very nervous. So in other words you think the city's
got some problems right? Definitely. What any other city in San
Florida this crime there are hookers out here on Federal Highway right up the
street. They're probably in fact some of the guys might want to check that out
on their way out of here. We've even even got a little protection for them just
to make sure before they leave. I mean, Halendell needs to start promoting
safe sex too, right? Sonny, of course. Sonny's in another world over there. He
forgot what that means. We've got people, J Walker's getting killed walking across
Halendell Beach. Boulevard. Now how is it? I mean we're glad to be out here today.
We're all having a good time. But how is it that the city commission has got
the time with all the problems that you're upset about to make a resolution to
try to get me off the air? How do they have the time to do that?
Leave me alone. That's what's the reason. We're family of fishers because they don't know
if they don't do other things they're going to say you're giving them to show.
We got all the politicians, managers, seizing upon the opportunity, right?
Go ahead, ma'am. You're on a roll. Let it all out.
I would like to clarify, I'm sorry, I would like to clarify one thing to you, Niels. All
of Halendell does not consist of diplomat mole and Halendell Beach Boulevard. And there
are some people who have to have mentalities that are able to understand a lot deeper than
they have. But you do understand that people who live west of here, especially west of
the railroad tracks, the city commission isn't interested in them. You do understand that.
That's why I'm talking. That's what I'm talking about. That's exactly what I'm trying to
talk about. I'm trying to spread. Okay, let me give you a hint. Would you like to have
chance to win something? I think that because he's been such a good sport, I'd like to
give you, I'm going to ask you a trivia question. And I will give you an opportunity to win a
Winds wonder mug full of sweet and low, a fork and spoon from a reputable Halendell Bagel restaurant,
and some certificates compliments of the diplomat mole. Would you like to try to win it, ma'am?
Well, I don't know. Okay. Okay. Here's the question. There are 15 of these located along Helen.
There are 15 of these on Halendell Beach Boulevard. Are they dry cleaners,
bagel restaurants or banks? Banks. Banks is the answer. This is,
Lady wins a wonder mug of sweet and low, a fork and spoon from a Halendell Bagel restaurant,
and certificates compliments of the diplomat mole. How do you like that? This is a high budget
show today here, Greg. We're not mucking around. Now we're saving that for one of the politicians
a little bit later on in the show. Okay, let's get back to where we left off with Greg. Thank
you very much, man. I see it was a worthwhile coming out now. Exactly. Look at the way we turned
her around. Now, a few politicians could just do that and please some of the people, look at the
way we've got to smile on her face. She's beaming. She's taking something home-oddy here today.
She's having a good time, right? Wait a minute. Okay. Anybody that's got questions, we'll,
we're here to serve. Go ahead, man. I would like to ask all the commissioners who are present,
right now. Excuse me. I live in the Southwest section. They put a sewer in over there,
and on the way over here today, all the streets are flooded. I need a row boat, hit boost,
the whole ball works. They keep saying it's going to be fixed. It's never fixed each time it rains,
it's worth. Matt Kotler wants to keep going at it and going at it, and they keep telling him he
doesn't know what he's talking about. He's one of the most intelligent men I know. Sunny is a very
intelligent person. He's too busy putting himself down. He's the only commissioner I know that
comes to a meeting so well prepared that when they bring up something, Sunny has it there. He
goes, no, and he hits it on the head. But what I would like to know is when Vito is going to correct
to all of the problems in the Southwest section, I would like to know when the flooding goes away,
I would like to know when RJ, the city manager, moved into Hallendale because he lives in Miramar,
but he's supposed to live in Hallendale. How can he do anything for us when he's for Hallendale?
Matt Kotler to get all of his boat taken get.
Well, as you can hear in a background, the obvious popularity of the politicians here in the
city of Hallendale is overwhelming. Mr. Intendola is going to be on with us starting at noon,
and you can be sure that we'll have a answer all of the questions. I think the answer to your last
question is that Hallendale doesn't allow hillbillies to live in a city limits. So Mr. Intendola has
to live in Miramar. I'm surprised they let me live here because I'm only 49 years old and I'm the
youngest of 12. I'm not a Catholic and it wasn't an accident and I love every minute of it. Don't say it too
loud. Sonny's right behind you. I know that's sunny. Sunny and I have go around all the time,
but I hit it like it is. They should take and get out and do what they say. Not say it and then go
in the back room and have a donut. Okay, thank you, man. This gentleman right here.
Neil, I've lived in Hallendale for 15 years. I love this city very much. I don't have any complaints
except two items that are a bonus intention. After all this time, I like to get it off my chest.
Number one, the traffic lights on. US-1, a Hallendale Beach Boulevard. Even at 6 in the morning,
it drives me crazy. I have to wait sometimes five or six minutes until that timing device changes.
Another thing that I have in mind is that mailman track. For 15 years, I've been arguing whether they should buy it,
whether they shouldn't buy it on a beach. I say let's buy it and let's expand the beach before more
condominiums are put up. I have nothing against condominiums, but let's weave a little land for the people.
Thank you very much. Okay, thank you, sir. Okay, I see a hand in the middle of the crown back here.
Yes, sir. Is this supposed to be fun or is this a council meeting? We're talking issues here
that if they're important, go to your council. Go to your commissioners.
Good point. Good point. Yeah, we're supposed to be here having a good time today, but it is
interesting only from the standpoint that we're discovering that there are a lot of problems in
this community that the politicians haven't taken care of. And it's really interesting to me that
just before an election, the politicians, some of them in particular looking to grab a little bit
of public support and to show to people how much they're the warriors behind the city of
Hallendale, sees upon a radio talk host and we want to boycott the sponsors and get them off the
air when they have all of these other monumental problems that have people up in arms in this
community. As you said, the streets are flooded here in Hallendale after the all-night reign.
There are dozens of legitimate problems in this community. And instead of being jokers and clowns,
we'll leave the clowning to crazy Greg over here with his frog on ahead in a hole. He's made a
career out of that. He makes us living that way. But you folks who were supposed to be the politicians
taking care of the problems in this community, that's what you ought to be attending to. And let
us have the fun and little laugh and a little bit of humor. In fact, maybe I ought to work for the
people who have done more for Hallendale than all the Chamber of Commerce has put together.
I mean, look around us. We've got people here every age from 15 to 150. We've got a mixed crowd of
people from all over. A lot of them came from outside of the city. And that's what it's all about.
This community doesn't need to be some kind of a closed fraternity for just a small group of
special people who want to run everything and want everything catered to them. This community
needs to be a place for everybody. As a matter of fact, with the help of people like Greg,
we can actually get people under the age of 100 in this community. We're trying. We're trying.
Okay, let's take another brief commercial time out. When we come back, we've got some
little musical tidbits back at the station that we might drop in here here in there. It's 1036
at Wion Z. We're live at the Diplomat Mall and we'll be right back.
Okay, we are back. It's 1039 at Wion Z. We're live at the Diplomat Mall. We got a lot of prizes to
give away today too, as a matter of fact, some of the most exciting gifts in Hellendale,
salt and pepper shakers and a sweet and low. Probably some of the restaurants are going to thank us
for what we're doing here today. We also have some surprise visitors. Some guests we're going to
be stopping by. We have the poetry lady. And I notice even my mother is over here today. And I
guess everybody in the audience, you know, some of these interpret things that have been said,
first of all, attacks against me and against my mother and so on. My mother, first of all,
doesn't eat early birds and she is here to testify for her right over here. I think we ought to have
a round of applause for my mother who came by the way all the way from Hollywood. So that shows
you loyalty. She came all the way from beautiful Hollywood. Okay, let's, you want to, okay,
bring her up on here. People want to meet my mother. Just escort her up here on the stage. I don't
but the audience would like to get a chance to meet my mother who does not eat early birds and
does not push people out of the way and is a lovely lady. And I almost want to say I learned it
all from my mother, but then of course some of the politicians here get upset about that and start
attacking her. Here she comes. See, I told you if you stuck with me long enough,
you give me a kiss. Okay, I told you if you stuck with me long enough, I'd make your celebrity.
That's enough. Get her out of here already. Okay, okay, let's, we got some other people in the
audience who want to participate in our trivia contest. Want to win some prizes here this morning?
Where did Mark go? Did he disappear? We need to get some of the other people with these trivia
questions. I think while we're waiting to find a volunteer, if Kyle is listening back at the station,
probably what we ought to do is crank up a little musical tidbit because all of this started,
you know, for about two months ago, we started talking about early bird dinners on the show. And
everybody got into the act and they started talking about different kinds of behavior and
stealing the silverware and the sweeten-low and putting the table cloth in it and turned it
quite a riotous time. And then the people at superstar creations who make the Miami vice jackets
came along and they made me a jacket, which I wish we were on television, but the people here
can see it. It's my Helen Dale vice jacket and it's got a little picture of Pumpernix and early bird
dinners on it and so on. And they also came up with a little bit called Helen Dale vice.
And we played it on the year and it caught on. It became number one on the hit parade immediately.
And we would have thought that the people in Helen Dale, the politicians, would have really enjoyed
it and got a great time with it. But as it turned out, they got a little thin skin, a little bit
upset about it. So maybe we ought to play it Kyle and let people in Helen Dale really hear what
put them on the mat. Here it is. There are two Miami cops with a hot two beats. There are the streets
fighting crime. They pop at the handicap space there. In Helen Dale vice. We got a problem. The
group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird special after seven.
Yeah, they're back in town. Let's go get them.
Damn job is nothing to clean up this tree. Hey lady, you can't cross here. You'll have to cross
in the light. And they're determined to clean up this mucching business. All right, sister,
you're under arrest. Also now you're arresting my wife. Watch the charge. There's a powder.
I'm gonna have first time. Let's see that white stuff. Yeah, just a thought.
She's got over a hundred bags in here. Oh, what?
Wheat and low. From that restaurant, you just came out of. Let's take a minute.
Yeah, there comes the in Miami cops on a hot new beat in Helen Dale vice.
Remaring this fall on MBC.
Okay, I'd like you to meet the gentleman who is responsible. He's very, he's one of those people
likes to be in a background. And he's very a reluctant guest on the show here this morning.
But this is Marlon Bailey from superstar creations and a created Helen Dale vice.
See, I told you, I'd make all you guys stars. You didn't believe me. I mean, Don Johnson couldn't
do it. So I guess I got to try to do it. How did this all how where did this come from this
Helen Dale vice? You were the fellows of mate. You make the Miami vice jacket. Right. And all of
a sudden you walked in the studio one morning and you would put this together for me. Where did the
idea come from just from hearing the conversation about you? Talk about it on the show because we
listened to it pretty much all the time. Unbelievable. And it's all done in the spirit of fun, right?
That's all. Just like a spoof of parody. That's all.
Something with this thing I think. I don't know. That's okay. We're not going to let you say too
much anyway. You might be too good. We don't want you to muscle in on the act. But I just wanted to
bring you up here and let people know that you were in fact, maybe when you get up you can hold
this up and let everybody see it. The most beautiful thing I ever saw in my life. And they've also
created another record which we're going to hear later. And I should have brought it along with me.
They give me a beautiful gold record for yesterday. We made it the number one on our hit parade.
W.I.N.C. called Wasting Away in Goodall, Halondale which has become a
folk classic in South Florida. It's really a sensation. We appreciate all your publicity.
Okay. Marlon, thank you very much. Maybe we want to hold this up for the crown who couldn't see it
before. Okay, let's give away some of these. Also, I see crazy Greg is handing out something.
You want to see what those are? I don't want to get into a lot of trouble. By the way, you talk
about things being stolen. Things do miss from our place. I just wanted to throw this in real quick.
We get things missing from our place too. Somebody took a bartender the other day. I wish they'd
please bring them back. Definitely. We're missing a bartender. Somebody did steal it right out
of our front of everybody's nose at the button South. But what are you looking for? A trivia or what?
You're giving away all of these. I don't want to throw those out.
Don't even joke about that. Marlon Bailey is holding up my jacket threatening to throw it out
of the crowd. That'll be the day. You want to see a riot? You want to see a riot?
Crazy Greg is about to. He's brought in. Thank you. Thank you, Marlon. He's brought in the
package of hundreds of beautiful multi-colored lays. Before we came on the air this morning,
he said that this would be a first for many of the people in Hallendale. The lays that he is
handing out here. I'll let you interpret that in any way you like. The people who are close
are going to go away with something here in Hallendale this morning.
Okay, let's try to get a little order here and go back to our trivia if we can. This is almost
as good as handing out the wins wondermugs I want you to know. This is turning into a repeat of that.
Okay, who would like the next prize we've got, Salt and Pepper Shakers from a reputable Hallendale
restaurant, and a sorted collection of colorful Hallendale postcards and gift certificates,
compliments of the diplomat mall. Who would like to try a trivia question?
Okay, nine minutes before 11 at WINZ on the Aranges. We're doing our whole show today at the
diplomat mall in Hallendale. And Marlon Bailey is about to take his life in his hands here. I'm
glad we're not on television because we may not want to show what's going to happen here on television.
Marlon has one of his Miami vice jackets that he is about to throw up for grabs into the crowd.
He asked me if I wanted to do it and I'm not that crazy. I'll tell you that. There's no chance.
So I think what you ought to do is take a couple of steps up over here and just out in that general
direction over there. Just give it a good heave. Just do your best gym palm limitation.
And we'll see who winds up with a Miami vice jacket. Wish we had television for this.
Now and all go ahead Marlon. We'll protect you. There it goes way back into the crowd and
now you see what you see what a well behaved crowd this is that would have caused a riot.
If we would have done that if we would have done that in an early bird restaurant that would have
caused a riot. And here at the diplomat what is this lady all exercised about? Let's get before we
get our poetry lady on. Let's get this lady on here down here with the blue lady.
What is she all excited about? She is so exercised. She's making foaming at the mouth into a
literal meeting here. What do you all upset about man? I love it. I enjoy it. I've had the ball
at Nail 73. And I never took a sugar fight like hell.
I got to lay at my age and it cost me nothing. We told you we'd do something for you here today
didn't we? Trust me. Okay now we have another special guest on the stage with us. You're the lady
that called me the other day? I need a microphone. You're talking into one. We hear you fine.
Well, it's magic. Right there it's by the side of your mouth. Do I talk now? You talk right now.
This is our poetry lady who called any other days got a little something special for me.
I need a space superior and I live in Helendale. I have reached the golden age of three score and ten.
My hobbies are writing and public speaking and I volunteer my services to many
organizations which I find most rewarding. I've studied the science of gerontology and the
various issues on aging. I consider Neil Rogers a most articulate and dynamic personality.
I call my poem with them. With them a good name everyone gives to one onto this it must be earned.
It is not the cronolot of three years that mount that your achievement during those years that's
count. For age is a quality of the mind and if you've left your dreams behind if all your hopes
are cold well then you will feel old. But if for life you have a thing and from life you seek the best
take advantage of all the honey and joy spending your children's money if love you hold you will never feel old.
Here are a few lines which are very interesting so to maintain good health.
So to me go ahead but don't let them get to you keep on your own rules.
In later years follow sensible programs of diets exercise rest and relaxation and listen to the
professionals who know how to help you make your goals and years really so many.
Let's hear it for a break. Come on now let's thank you very much.
I would like to say that mother's throwback. May I say that mother's throwback?
No. Okay. That was it up, Faye. Trust me. Quit while you're ahead. Okay. You're really
really hitting on a peak there and I think that was a good time to fold it up and pack it in.
Okay that's Faye's your Piro and I think she deserves a lot of you save it for me. I'll read it on
year on Monday. Trust me Faye. Okay listen worth the end just about at the end of the first hour.
We got our first little confrontation going on here. I'm telling you this woman with a blue
lay trust me. Don't let her touch your balloon believe me. They're getting a little bit restless so
I think what we're going to have to do is take a little bit. I don't believe it. I really don't.
I think these are coming to ones we're talking about right. She must have been one of the women
in drug world that I saw back and out when I drove in here this morning. Anyway we're going to take
a pause. We have a news break coming up and then we'll come back for hour number two. We have
several more pricings and if you get a chance to come on by we have another two hours to go and
the best is yet to come because the city manager good old RJ and Tendoller is going to be coming by
in the noon hour. He's going to be mostly picking and maybe grinning a little bit in the beginning
and the Greg was just telling me that what you see is what you get that this is a real old
country boy. It really is but I want to feel you're going to be very surprised with RJ. You're
definitely going to be surprised. RJ is going to show you a side that you have a scene and you just
ask him. I know that's why I say you just ask him some of those questions. Who are J and E's and I
think you're going to have a ball with RJ. You're going to have a great time. He might even he might
even shake my hand too. I took Sonny Rosenberg wouldn't shake my hand this morning. Is that incredible?
Well that is it. I was just destroyed devastated. I think he was a little afraid because of his
constituents. They're all standing out here and he's afraid of the boats that are coming up but
the city is you know I mean they're they're looking forward to progressing and getting young
pre-bullying but this has been phenomenal this afternoon or this morning. It's just been
unbelievable. These people are great. It shows you that the tongue and cheek that they know it is
they're having a great time. They know you put them on the map in Hallendale and also it's only one
or two of the people that don't understand oh what is all this going to be. He's put all us down.
It's only one or two. It's not the hundreds that are out here. It's not the hundreds. Neil you're
done a great job. Fantastic. And by the way speaking to younger people you know all the life
cards up and down the beach including Fort Lauderdale. There isn't one that doesn't listen to you
every day. Great. Not one. We always knew they had good taste. And speaking of life guards and
other kind of guards we want to thank Hallendale Spinest for being out here today. They've
done a great job and I think even more of them showed up than we had the ranged for and the
proving that not all officers are pigs right. Absolutely right. There's some great people at Hall
the fact that the force is a young force. It definitely is a young police force.
Well you know we stop and think about it that opens up a possibility for maybe a little take over
here. A little bloodless coup in the Hallendale we get together with some of the right people in
the police department. We might arrange for a little something. We don't want to get you involved
in any of that you know. I don't want to put you on the spot. I did good. That's good. I'm glad you
got really I didn't notice that up the old. As soon as I mentioned that he turned the hearing aid down
as soon as I mentioned something that would get him in a little trouble we don't the I got to hear
you through those features. Okay that's see was hearing me fine until I made that comment about the
takeover. So what do you make of all of this Mr. Spindell? This is outstanding as I said when I first
sat down the interesting thing about it is you were talking about how a Hallendale you want to
give it back to date county at one time in Hallendale's history and any of the history folks out
there. Hallendale was part of date county and in what is considered the deal since the milk
papish went to the Port of Oral for Frank Robinson. We at Broward County has now has Hallendale
and there was a certain part up till about five years ago that I think was still in date but
Broward County I lived here I like the area. But I lived here for four years as I said prior to
the building of Pumpernik so most of you know how long ago that was and I have seen the city grow
and I've seen it develop and it is a city that I think has need of finding its identity and I
don't need the city of choice but a city with a sense of humor. All right.
Like it's building a little since the name they changed the name of the city if you notice the
new signs went up yesterday they have I mean that's not a joke they taken the city of choice down
and now the home of the Florida Derby. I thought it was Mr. Rogers neighborhood.
Well they they're trying to run over mayor you know. I'm working on it. I'm going to move right
and over on the ocean. So Neil who's taking over for you at 12 o'clock when you go over to the track.
That's it that's an excellent is that an offer? I'll do it. You can make the first race.
Absolutely. Okay. Sounds good to me although I think R.G. would be a little disappointed.
We don't want to let him down. Okay let's give away a couple of more of these because we've got all
of this which will never be able to give all away. Am I eligible to it? No. In fact I'll let you
give some of them away. Okay. We're desperate to get rid of this stuff. The guy over there that's
forming it is mouth lorry over there right there. Okay. It's great. R.G. got here a little earlier.
That's great. Okay. All right sir you ready? True. Okay. Pave it on the water tower on Haladale Beach
are the words. City of Haladale this space for rent. Haladale Beach fountain of youth.
Choice A. City of Haladale. Yeah. That is correct ladies and gentlemen and you win a wins
Wonder mug full of sweet and low. Oh Wonder mug. And a sort of collection of wins are Deco pens.
Autograph by Barbara Cavett. Can we say that? Thank you. Okay Barbara sensitive. And some give
certificates to diplomat more. Let's take you. Thank you. Okay let's take a little time out now.
It's 1152 at W.I. and Z. We're live at the diplomat mall in prestigious Haladale. Put a lid on her.
Will you please do something with her. Give her some give her some doggy downers or something.
Please. Okay it's 1155 at W.I. and Z. We are live at the diplomat. We're going to say goodbye to
Crazy Greg in just a second. But is this lady. Can we do it briefly?
Is Lori got that lady over there who had something profound to tell us?
Ladies and gentlemen. Ladies and gentlemen. I'm a vicinity of community for several months.
And I have nothing. Nothing positive to say about this program. I did shut it off after a while.
I think this gentleman has said the most negative things that I've ever heard.
I have. If you'll lend me your ear. I'd be pleased. I've heard. I've heard nothing positive about the elderly
who packaged bundles and supermarkets who work who work as waitresses to make a living who creep and crawl with pains
and other accruements for the elderly. I've heard nothing what to do to help them make a life for themselves.
I'm highly indignant. I don't live here permanently. But I found this community no different than any community in the whole world.
I don't need your help. All I'm saying is I think it's as grateful that this man is doing so much for himself and grand.
I thank you very much from the bottom of my heart.
Or the bottom of somewhere. Thank you so much. We just delighted. We hope she had a wonderful time.
It's time for her to go back where she came from. Greg, we only got about a minute.
Well, I want to say the O'Neill. This has been great. There's only been one or two people that are against this.
But this has been super for Halendale except for the one lady I closed at six o'clock in the morning because Halendale for tourists is the only place in Broward County open to six a.m.
But I think this lady over here got in a little early. But anyway, thank you very much. Thank you for Halendale.
And I think the next hour with the IRG in the dollar is going to be super. And thanks for everything Neil.
Thank you, Greg. We're delighted to have her part of Halendale.
Okay, we've also got some sunsweed prunes for the lady who just left before she leaves them all.
Okay, when we come back, we have not only is Argy going to show up, but they remix that the sunshine country band song so that you can understand the lyrics.
And we promised we would play that on the air, which we will do. And we'll come back at about six minutes after the hour.
What is what have we got going on back here?
Oh, Mr. Rinton, Noah Holen has got his fan club here and here he comes. All the Halendale hillbillies are here. So it ought to be quite a third hour.
And we'll come back at about six past noon.
Rushing through rush hour, then count on a flamad ball in Halendale Florida.
W.I.N.Z. presents the Neil Roger Show.
If you'd like to talk to Neil today, don't call, but do come to the diplomat more on Halendale Beach Boulevard between Route 1 and A1A.
And now here's Mr. Halendale himself, Neil Roger.
Okay, it's Route 6 at W.I.N.Z. We're at the diplomat mall. We had a great turnout. We thank everybody who has come by and in a moment we're going to talk to Argy Intendola, who is the illustrious city manager of Halendale, who came in with a very grandiose parade into the mall.
Just want you to know that one of our folks in the crowd, we've even made it in Maine. I know that our corporate people will be happy about that.
We made it all the way to Bangor Maine, Bangor Daily News, front page, talk show host, pits prunes against the upies.
It says in the Bangor Daily News, so we've made it all the way to Maine.
And before we get with Mr. Intendola, Ron Eronson of the Broward County Young Democrats is here.
And this is not a setup job, but you just happen to combine at this point. And what is it that we can do for your Ron?
Definitely, Neil. Before all this thing started with Halendale, we had voted in Broward County, the Young Democrats in Broward County, about 150 strong young people under the age of 40 had voted you in the humanitarian of the year.
And what I'd like to do today is present you with a couple of tickets for our dinner March 27th, and we're looking forward to seeing you.
Thank you very much. And also, too, Neil, we want to bring you a little souvenir of some of the things that we've been doing of Broward County.
Excellent. And to describe these for the audience, it says it's a bumper sticker that says just when you thought it was safe to be a Republican, that it's got the donkey kicking its rear legs up on the other side.
And we should have had this earlier for the gentleman who was all upset that Reagan apologizes to was here in the audience room.
Hey, there was traffic on I-95. It took time to get here, Neil.
Okay, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Okay. Now, also before we get to RJ, who came in, as I said, with a glorious cavalcade of stars in the front of the diplomat ball,
we promised that we would play something on the air that we were given yesterday. Mr. Intendola is a member of the Sunshine Band.
And a couple of weeks ago, when this whole thing started with Halendale Vice, Mr. Intendola and his band recorded something called The Song of Halendale.
And the initial copy that, well, nobody's ever going to hear any of us unless we get folks to quiet down a little bit.
If everybody would stop talking, you'd hear us just fine.
And if you're all going to continue to talk, then the people on the radio will hear us just fine.
But even Mr. Intendola isn't going to hear us. So if we can have a little bit of quiet and respect for the fact that we're doing a radio broadcast, we'd appreciate it.
Anyway, the Song of Halendale, the original copy that we got was somewhat muffled, I guess.
And there was some controversy as to why it wasn't intelligible and why it wasn't.
And Mr. Intendola was good enough, he and his folks, to remix it for us so that we could hear the lyrics on it.
So Kyle, if you've got that, and hopefully people will be able to understand lyrics will roll right now.
Yeah, they told me you're out of song.
About the man who moved to town, about his life and his state of tell.
Wouldn't the thing of any words don't you know until one day I heard his radio suddenly was talking about.
Halendale, he said people are too old and fancy, early bird specials of what it did.
They walk in police, get till the time of the day.
But he don't know the certain paradise, old cheap parks and houses, would you now, until still.
People make this scene a trace of the heart, now use the function that no one is required.
Or they eat something, it's simply cannot die and judge and not phone with.
You only have this when you die.
This is our song that I'm still.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, there it is. That's the Song of Helen Dale and the City Manager, Mr.
Rinton Dole, is here. And we thank you for remixing that so we could understand
the lyrics and it was a masterful job. And what can I say but welcome to WINZ.
Well appreciate being here, appreciate you giving us the opportunity to respond
to you. So far your show has been as it typically is, can try it and you let people
speak and go on and continue on.
During the break that several people wanted to know when Gulf Stream opens and
post time I said is 115 and I had dug down on the show for two hours yesterday.
I don't know if you heard that show or not. I did and we talked about what a
fine facility Gulf Stream is and what a great meeting they're coming up and it
seems to me that Gulf Stream is in Helen Dale last time I looked right. So it was the Hollywood
dog track. And we heard about that. I wasn't aware of that but we all learned, we are
all open to learn new things which is why we're here today. But you know I love
Gulf Stream and a lot of the people here love Gulf Stream so that's another thing
that we've promoted very positively about Helen Dale. Would you agree? Yeah, I would.
Okay. Now where were we when I'm sorry I'm sure you're confused with all this
technical shenanigans here but well now you got me all lightened up here. You mean
that's it? No, it's not okay. No because when you came in you appeared to be
you know I thought you were serious I thought because I know sunny back there
is serious. He wouldn't shake my hand. He's very angry. I switched back and forth.
It's like commission meetings. You go with the tide. This is kind of like a Steve Clark
routine in other words. Exactly. On one side one minute and then on the other good.
Exactly. So in other words depending on which cheer you're sitting in we can tell
what your frame of mind is going to be. I've got a microphone in front of me instead of that
headset. Good. Okay. So I never could do well in the studio. They had that darn
headset on you and then they tell you to play piano and guitar. I know. Why
I heard that first cut believe me I know what you're talking about. But but I'm
glad you mentioned Gulf Stream. Yes. I'm glad you mentioned Gulf Stream because
Helen Dale for a city of 40,000. It's the home of the world classic which is
tonight for the dogs. It does have the it's the home of the Florida Derby Gulf
Stream Park Broward County Fair which brings in almost 700,000 people. What are the
small community in Broward and Dave County has those type of events that occur
within it. It is the financial capital of the South. There are more banks and
square mile in a mile on how it will be spurred. Boulevard didn't anywhere else except
Wall Street. So it has some unusual characteristics and those are the ones that
I think we should also point out. Okay. Those are the good points. Well I'm waiting. Well wait a
minute. It's only you know like three minutes since we came back on after the
break. Is that it? I'm having trouble again hearing you but what you say? I say
is that it as far as all the good points of Helen Dale. We got a lot of banks. We
know we have Gulf Stream which is a beautiful track. Now the thing about Hollywood
I'm a little concerned about that. Why is it if the dog track is in Helen Dale
they call it Hollywood dog track? I don't know you'd have to ask them that. Are
they ashamed to be in Helen Dale? I'm not going to answer the question. No no but
does it it's I mean for example Poppino is in Poppino Beach and they call it
Poppino Park and and do you want Gulf Stream to change the racetrack to a
Helen Dale racetrack? No no but at least they don't call it the North Miami beach
downs or something like that. I mean they don't deny that they're in they don't
think the name of another city. For example if Detroit race course called itself
Lansing Downs people would say gee there must be embarrassed to be in Detroit. I'm
just having a little trouble hearing you sorry. Okay. I'm hearing the echo out
there more than I am you directly. Okay we're did our chief engineer expire on us
or what I think more is he he's on his hands and his knees that's not unusual. Okay.
He needs I think what he needs is to have that monitor turned up a little bit that
little radio set there turned up so you can hear something is what you need. I got
it now. Okay. See I've been in a business a long time I'm into this high tech
stuff like little transistor radios. Well is that basically it I mean gee you know
when I first when you first sat down there I thought there was all of this hostility
we've done you folks dirty and you know I'm reading that you want to get me off
the air and one of your commissioners is signing sending petitions around to get my
sponsors to boycott the show and now I get the feeling like in 10 minutes that's
it. No. I don't know if any commissioner trying to boycott your show sending
around petition petitions the city is not sponsoring anything these are graphs
roots movements occurring in the community. Well gee that was you know the city
commission did a resolution and that has been the city. What did the resolution say?
You know what did it say? I don't know you know you can paraphrase I don't need
a word for word but I mean in essence what did it say? That the type of language
and derogatory and plamatory comments made about citizens of
howlndale was not in good taste and that it be stopped. Any word of boycotting
or anything else it's not in the resolution. Well gee maybe now I know why
you don't read the howlndale digest because what they wrote in there must
have it at least be fiction. And by the way I was listening to a tape of yours
the other day where somebody was reading the digest I did not read that particular
article but they had the last two paragraphs they read to you I never said it
was like a ending editorial I feel about the digest the way you do about the Miami
Herald all of a sudden their pro city in the last three or four weeks maybe
it's fashionable for them but but I think you have to agree this is an
unusual community you never had yeah we agree with that you never had a response
like this from the other organizations municipalities agencies that you
protect well no we never had a response quite like this we've had a response
for example Miami Beach we've been battling back and forth with for years my
print I call them captain blue sky Bruce Singer over there on the beach the
vice bring out all the propaganda tell us how the beach is coming back and
about all the young people who are coming to spring break on the beach and you
know over the years I've thought a lot of what he's been saying is blue sky and
I tell them that and we have kind of a fun relationship and I play the music
blue skies in a background and the beach doesn't take up resolutions to try to
intimidate me or silence me or to show that they're thin skinned or they don't
have a sense of humor well nobody thinks that I've never heard anybody say that
they couldn't intimidate you I've never heard anybody say I've heard stories
on other programs on your station where they say you're not going to beat him I
never heard anybody say they were going to beat you I don't think anybody believes
they are going to beat you but they have a right these grassroots movements
have a right to attack back you know the city doesn't thrive on your show
each day we have some employees that listen to it they laugh about it when I knew I
was coming on the air I taped it you know we have a it's a thirty million dollar
organization almost five hundred employees yeah because that record that's
right good take the show and I take it home at night and sometimes listen to it
so you think the city is heavily involved in this whole thing the city government
it's not we're sitting back laughing and I think we have a commission that
generally laughs about now the resolution was a response to the community you
have said a lot of people well where are they where are they where are all
wait a minute let's let's find out we still have we have a very large number
of people out here today all right if the things that I have said over the past
two months about howl and they'll have upset you let's hear it okay if the
things that I've said about howl and they'll have an upset you and you've gotten a
kick out of it like what you do what you do hand out half dollars now we don't
buy the audience we can't afford it we're a low budget operation what you do hand
out half dollars away now you see what we're handing out sweet and low out here if
that's what buys him in halloween they'll I mean the come on get serious so where
are all of these people I mean we come out here at a spirit of fun we've been
running the promos it's been in all the newspapers you have fun and we're we're
here to have fun good and we've invited all the people who disagree all of these
people who are matter that help mr. Rosenberg says their matters hell are not
going to take it anymore they want them off the earth where are they can't
can't that be done too early for the early bird can't that be said in tongue and
cheek just like everything you say is said in tongue and
okay so I want the audience to pay particular notice 1234 on a Saturday this is
March the 7th 1987 and this is a this kind of like an unofficial proclamation
in other words you're at messing up now that all of this response by the city has
been tongue in cheek and now I'm not going to go there for a day that you were
saying now I didn't say all of it's been telling most of it most of it yeah okay
now saying that you were had the personality of older seven dwarfs wrapped in the
one was tongue and cheek it's just a channel seven I think it's as big as five
of no channel channel seven cut that part out I wasn't talking about your anatomy
I was talking about your personality they cut the first part of that sentence
off but that's what they wanted you to hear it took me a little while to figure
out what was going on you're into business we're not so once we figured out
what the program was about and everything I think it settled down I laugh at
your comments when you make them it's bothered me a little bit I can't go out
anywhere but what is this now somebody has got a ghetto blaster here I have no
idea what that is okay we've got all kinds we've got like 15 shows going on
here at the same time he's got a tape he wants me to play no chance we can't do
it in here we can't no we can't air mail it back to the studio okay let's I
beg your pardon see they're getting a little bit restless now this early bird
thing affects their mind after a little while they've heard it so often it
everything that comes out of the mouth is early bird when I got here this
morning at 8 30 you know the show started at 10 there was a whole crowd of
people are at 8 30 they were the early birds who arrived here those at early
worms is that it okay well it's 12 37 and wins let's take another commercial
break and when we come back let's get the audience involved with Mr. Rinton
Dolla and they seem to be prepared we're going to try to keep it on a nice
friendly level we'll be back from the diplomat mall after this 12 40 in the
diplomat mall the oranges with you till two here on W.I. and C city manager
R.G. and Tendolas here man I'm telling you you've got a chance to wear every
piece of equipment so far that we've got in the library are you doing this to me
intentionally what listen Neil if we could one of the one of Alan Dale's major
attributes is our number one state high school basketball team right who
placed the night and semi finals and they're here is there anyway we could have
coach Samuels come up here
I don't know can you hear me coach Samuels you out there I think he's shooting
back it's back in the back of the mall somewhere
about a coach Samuel he's moving on up through the maddening strong where is it
where is the hell under a basketball team I think he was hijacked I think he
had a pack of sweet and low in his pocket he was hijacked on a way up here
is he coming oh he's not here he said he's not here but we wish him the best
of luck the basketball team plays Eli the night and one of your superstars
is back here R.J. maybe you'd like to chat with him for a second
this is Steve Steve from the Alan Dale High basketball team as you know this is
the number one basketball team at this time in the state of Florida congratulations
glad you came by to show off some of the cities major attributes yeah we think
I you could have to be here and I got a lot of teammates here isn't there on the
last minute notice but we got here our coach is gonna get here because we got a
lieutenant's match here but we're here to we've got to be here thank you we're like best
of luck tonight against Eli excellent very good okay before we go out and get
some of the people in the crowd because I know that they've got some questions and
want to get in on the act two one of our account executives wanted me to ask you a
question this goes back to what you said about all of this being in tongue and
cheek okay and of course I joked about having Alan Dale disbanded and about
circulating petitions to recall the commission but of course that was all a
joke and we never had any intention of doing it but it seems to me that some of
the more inflammatory comments or maybe they were misquotes in a Alan Dale
digest inspired some of your residents to do some rather uncivilized things for
example there were certain spots is a mine I don't want to mention them
specifically but I received a lot of harassing and very unruly phone calls and
it seems to me that some of that at least came about as a result of the at least
outwardly in temperate reaction to what we were doing it may have but but here
again the city government itself has refused to participate with these groups
we're not saying that we may not philosophically disagree or disagree with them
but you know there has been some very lively people in the community your
your favorite pal in the world was here Jean Stevens you know it's a this is a
lively place and are you telling me that mr. Stevens as I've suspected might be
behind much of this do you have reason to believe that well I've talked with him
a few times but but I'm sure you know him well he's no I don't know him well I
know him well enough but I don't know him well no or do I know him on your show
many years ago yeah well you appear to know him well you talk about him often I
heard the other day his mother called your show somebody told me or all
she pretends not to be his mother yeah but so how and they don't have someone
unusual characters in it not that mr. Stevens is unusual or I forgot to say at
the beginning in the show that the city commission did not grant media
authority to formally come here as a city manager what they called me was a
free agent so I'm here on free agent status okay maybe Mike would like to sign
you up for the mess I don't know what kind of a fast-pulled you've got okay let's
get with some of the folks out here on the audience and I'm sure some of them are
still hallowed-and-dale residents and would like to comment either on the whole
business that's been going on or have specific questions and again I'm gonna
beg you folks if we can have a little bit of quiet and then we're gonna be
able to hear the people in the audience and here mr. intendoas response
otherwise it's including this lady over here ma'am you're kind of like the leader
of the pack we need this quiet okay you know what that means can you define it
for right it out on her forehead or something we need a little bit of order
and calm and let's see if we've got some folks in the audience who want to
speak with mr. intendoa may have some questions let's see a show of hands this
lady back here yes ma'am
Neil I will I listen to every one of your shows and my friend also listens and
he is home now very ill and I would like to say hello to Bob this is Ruth Bob
hello thank you personal message
okay this gentleman who looks somewhat apoplectic with his hand up here go ahead
our prune winner
hello you know I've been listening for the last few months and I never really
looked at it as an issue against talent they all it's really against people and
what people do and I just think it's a disgrace what mr. intendoa does using
his public office it's a blatant misuse of the position I have absolutely no
respect for anybody who would use their office or the power of office to try
and influence people in the way that he tries to do that okay mr. intendoa
is attempting to speak but the only way we're going to hear him is to get his
mic on yes sir was this another setup I mean a a picking people out in the office
yeah I want to wonder mom well I'll tell you what I'll tell you what you pick
him out okay between now and a rest of the show why don't you respond to the
question of the grandson dollar
thank you for your intelligent response sir
what's your this whole thing was done in jest a sense of humor and
how long they'll let it in take it that way period okay let's see some hands up
and again I'm gonna you pick them out RJ you pick out the ones you want to ask
the questions because I'm otherwise you're gonna accuse me of loading stack
in the deck
what happened to the other headphones it we're working just fine what happened to
okay put not see the hands again and you pick them out who's gonna ask the next
question
1253 a w i z the diplomat mall somebody at the back is holding up a sign that says
Neil Rogers is a form of local plakia who is holding that sign up I see the sign
but I don't see a body with it can we get the body in here I mean obviously if
you want to uh there he is right over there okay who have we got a couple of
times I mean certainly we are an equal opportunity offender here and if you want
to offend me I'm certainly just as game is mr. minton dollar you don't want to
speak no speak at english or what I mean no uh no comment oh they're leaving
now let's give him my hand as they leave goodbye what do they do come in from
camera hacker something we know that they can't be from halandale okay uh
where's the gentleman had a question for me Laurie I think uh over there in the
second row my name is Todd Barry I'm from cafe Barry and Helen Dale just opened up a
restaurant here seven weeks ago the city of halandale took away kind of my 14
parking spots in front of the restaurant I'm not here to talk about the people of
halandale because they make a living for me the older people are gonna bomb me
that house in interco usl someday what I want to talk about is city of
halandale self this is an injustice they put 14 barricades in front of my
restaurant they're coursing me out of business I feel my restaurant is
beautifying the city of halandale not just disguising it and some sort of
matter that I'm ruining it uh why is this happening who can I speak to and what am I
gonna do about it and by the way Neil we don't have an early bird good well then we
want to save you okay mr. minton dollar you know anything about this I'm not a
word of the situation though I'm not sure that the city has I am familiar with
the location now the DOT is widening us one and this
restaurant is right there and that's what the barricades of glory DOT
uh contractor who's widening so in other words the DOT is putting more people out
of business again is that it which they're famous for doing they did that on
griffin road up in davi uh they put some uh folks I know a lot of
business up there and you're allowing them to do it again here in halandale
I'm not sure we have any say so and I'm not uh
uh don't get me in trouble with the DOT uh but we've been more in glad to
intercede with the gentleman uh and see what we can do
uh okay thank you Neil you're so good thank you and if uh you
okay that's an offer her already give her the prune juice and get her out of here on it
now you have to accept that kind of reaction once in a while you took that very well
um I took it but I take it all very well I get I get paid every day very
handsomely to take it well you know I'm getting a little better
and understanding all of this is this whole thing moved along over the last four
or five weeks um it's not really all about the points and the issues and all
and those things there may be some of that um
I'm sitting here watching you're very good at what you do
stimulating that emotion is what it's all about don't we need that in soft
Florida don't we need to wake up some of the people here well is this still
Neil I still don't think that I think you could do just as well
be just as popular still have the high ratings without using some of the words
that you use but see now you now you sound like Barry Schroder now you want to
start censoring isn't it? Listen I'm not telling you how to
know you want a censor don't you want another opinion?
not on how I do my show no well like I said we don't think we're going to change
how you do your show uh I mean I only have one program director and he's
standing around up here somewhere and he's got no complaints
he's got no complaints he left already you see
that's how confident he is that I can you know handle my own show here he didn't
stick around well those are the those are the opinions um
and and I think that um there's some somebody laughing in my ear over here is it uh
this is uh this this started off today like a commission meeting that was
kind of concerned about coming in no we didn't so we didn't come here to uh
put you into a commission meeting you had all of the uh uh you know yet all
the candidates you know I was about looking for my agenda packet at home
and you didn't hear any of them on your did you no nor will you because uh
you know we're under equal time provision and we can't put any of money here
so we didn't come out here uh to politics or to have anybody else politic
we came out here to have a good time to air out the issues to give you a chance
to respond okay do you give us a free loo to what you're going to do monday is
uh how long the over gonna be the major topic monday uh you're gonna switch
on to something else i mean uh well the good news in the good news for you is at
11 o'clock i got bill cost for it is gonna talk about movies for three hours
so i've only got one hour from 10 to 11 on monday morning kind of the free
wheeler so i guess you know it's in a court it's in a public court if there are
people here who want me to talk about howlandale on monday morning uh maybe we
will is there anybody here who thinks we ought to talk more about howlandale
what does that say to you i mean is that really what you want why don't you come
right out lay it out for me do you just want us to lay off howlandale would
that make you feel better because i think i think we're building something here
get a mic i think we're building something for you here well you just said we're not
gonna do what we want so now you're asking the question um what would you like to program my show
is that the idea no it's uh no i don't think i could program your show um i could never get used
all this equipment uh i'm crazy with this equipment here but weren't you the guy that said about
we have that 12-second delay which is not a 12-second delay where did all of that come from
are they hallucinating at the howlandale digested they just made that stuff up if you can imagine this
is the day the channel for did the news thing one of your salesman shows up in the city manager's
office and wants us to buy time on a new Roger show uh which i told him was the quickest way for
me to get out of my position was to have the taxpayers buy time on your show
i'm listening i'm listening is there more is that it
i have a trouble hearing what was your question again i didn't ask a question
so you were making a point about uh you know the fact that somebody from the station showed up and
they wanted you to buy time and then what happened so what happened after that you didn't buy time
what did you do it by the time i i don't know now mike is sitting over here importantly i'm having a
difficult time communicating they pay me to communicate but i'm having a difficult time
because i don't understand what you're saying i really don't understand what you're saying what is
it that you folks want yeah let's let's start wait a minute folks let's all start this this is the
new thing in howlandale okay come on everybody one two this is the little what is that
still out of second i think i mean everybody else is working you hear mike can you hear what's going on
i hear what's going on now we've gone through three or four three or four peri head why do you
keep doing this is that you can get a very very accurate you keep giving me the effective your
headphones that's why did you hear that you're giving him defective earphones
they are working listen how about now are jake can you hear me now yeah Nelson i can hear you
Nelson yeah i can hear you great what was what's our j stand for you figure it out
yeah
what now wait a minute does it stand for was that a kind of a campaign thing was that stand for
really jewish uh i'm not involved in the campaign i think you know that well where did this
where did that little shot come from where did the Nelson come from what is that supposed to
slip forget what i said slip wrong wrong uh no that's my first name in my last real name it's
a helper there's somebody back here it's very upset it's why don't you use let me ask you this if
you're real last name was be helper would you use it on a radio if you had a radio show i don't
care what you use why are you getting so defensive i'm trying to ask him a reasonable question
if you're getting the not getting defense getting squirming on me i'm not getting defensive and i'm
less squirming if you're a last name had that many letters in it would you use it on a radio i don't
care what name you use on the radio good you can just whatever name you want to use on okay even more
she put it back in use on you what's that okay now i'm not speaking your language one 19 to
w-i-n-z we have a little break to do we're live at the diplomat mall our guest is city manager
argy intandola and we have a cast of others here thousanders right we'll be back after this
22 minutes after one at w-i-n-z we're live at the diplomat mall and that we got 40 minutes to go
in an early sootian will be along and the city manager intandola is here and if there are folks
who've got questions about this whole business about halendale and about early birds and senior
citizens or any of the others we invite them i think are there people over here who want to speak
okay we're giving lower your real workout here today but they don't want to attack her anyway
they just want to attack me go ahead
listen mr. argy has been listening to your program very often and some of the things you have
said i have agreed with however yesterday when i was listening to your program and didn't get
the time to call you about it i felt very badly so i'm very happy to be able to tell you about it
now i was very very hurt when you put on that song my israel because that hurt me very much you
have the little dust and you have put it down and i really feel badly that you put that song on
several times first of all the song wasn't schmaiyes royale the song is called vitruti or shul
and it's a parody and it's been played on radio stations all over the country and it's by a group
called the kosher club and it's a satire and a comedy and everybody i spoke to between yesterday
and today has told me it was the funniest thing they've ever heard well it may be funny to some
people but wasn't funny to our people i'm sorry what do you mean to our people what does that
mean to our Jewish people it's not funny what do you mean by our Jewish people as opposed to
i think about the Jewish people in howl and there you put that song on and i thought that was
terrible well wait a minute are there any Jewish people who live in howl and dale here today
no no there are no howl and dale Jewish people here today
let's see man not a one come on here's one there's one
was there anybody else here offended by vitruti or shul did that offend anybody
they want to hear it again and their Jewish and a live in howl adel
they're not there's been not the ones that listen to that song because if they had heard that song
they would have been offended well it seems to me you want to be offended and that's more the kind
of ethnic paranoia that seems to exist here a real lack of sense of humor in this community
you are defended by it but then again you're not Jewish so i guess that doesn't mean anything
of course i haven't heard the song okay so i really don't know what you're talking about
but i thought you were listening religiously now i guess you're not
no i'm not listening because sonny Rosenberg was all upset who's hanging around back here somewhere
politicking he's very upset with me and he admitted to me he doesn't even listen to my show here at
one hour of it and he's all upset well i hear about it every time you mention my name my daughter
takes those segments uh warmly at home well wait a minute she only are you saying that she only
turns it on is she psychic does she know what i'm going to mention you're now no no it's not
psych your daughter listens to my show on a regular basis yes she does well your daughter has good
taste i commend her on it that's great okay who have we got uh with some more questions for mr
rinsandola or me uh this gentleman over here over there there we
let's hear it well they got it back at the uh you think we ought to do that and then take a poll
on it and see if anybody was it we want to hear it if Kyle well this is going to take a couple of
minutes and uh come on uncle neal onus on Kyle who was up in the radio station or can we
communicate well i guess Kyle is probably listening right now and if he can go into the rack
or this is really tough you put it because i can't produce it here i mean it's back at the radio
station and if he can find it it is in one of my three racks there not in the tom lear rack but one
of the other ones in if Kyle can run down there and get the cart and then take a backup stairs and
the hang on to it carefully with the other three we'll play it in just a minute or two if he's
he's got it can he communicate to you he can okay so in other words if he's lucky enough to find it
it says be true to your shul s h you well
i'll catch up with all the fun
Other A's, the A's, they don't go up to say
So be true to your show
I'm a shy shy, it's for the A's
To me, I'm a shy shy
Be true to your show
I'm a shy shy, it's for the A's
I'm a shy shy, be true to your show
I'm a shy shy, I'll be jacked up on the sound of the server
I'll be ready to pray
I'll be standing up, I go for a selfie, I'll turn the choir down
She'll be singing away
Speak true to your show
I'm a shy shy shy, it's for the A's
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a
man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, ah oh I'm a man, shall I! I'm an a man! I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, ah oh we love Mmmmm oh I'm a man, my man, my man, my man, we love you! I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, my man, I'm TV to you! I'll leave for you!
no
okay i guess i want lady think she was speaking for a lot of other people but
wasn't
okay who's next
yes uh... speak up
if what we're talking about here and the fence people what if it is world-class
rudeness
if that's the issue talking about
i really
comming for bringing it to the public attention
but i just had a turn around and i have some guys
in standing in the middle of a cloud smoking a rope
there's enough to gag a bag of
i had asked him would you know what he might be moving in a little ways
because i don't really want to smell that stuff and he looked at me like i
asked him if
if he had a
do you
and
that's it i know
well look rudeness is everywhere right
right i think generally look we've had hundreds of people on here today
we've had a couple of them who've been you know a little bit of what under on
drugs or whatever
but ninety nine percent of him here been pretty well behaved today we're talking
about rudeness and this guy don't know enough time to light up that there's always
going to be one
there's always going to be somebody who just
there we go exactly there it is
i can't find it now that's a problem
gosh that's been my problem all my life
it's another stuff
oh
you wouldn't object would you
don't know
it's all set let's bring taffy back here and we'll all light up how it at
feet
we can't drink the wine on the air but we can light up a little bit
who's the who's got the next question mine smaller than yours
well i'm sure yours is smaller but that's uh
and if that's the case you're really in a lot of trouble i'll tell you that
right now okay yes sir is that a Cuban cigar now
see sent by mirror suarez another one of my admirers
yes ma'am um nail yes right oh yes
we love you uh i'd like to refer to the lady who spoke about
them our recents of humor i know our people
have had a sense of humor through the good times and the bad times and i hope we
never ever lose it
that's all i have to say amen amen thank you
and that's true the Jewish people have had the best sense of humor and they've
needed it to survive and especially in hallowed
day only needy good sense of humor to survive
well we got a good sense of humor and how to do you've been enough standup with
that cigar you're going to pull off balance i understand to balance it out
don't worry yes sir let me just say that anybody who doesn't who
listens to your show and doesn't think your funny is not listening to you
i've listened for years or is not alive one of the other one of the two i've
listened for years i think you have been especially funny lately i like it when
you do politics i think you when that was it was
political season last year you put your time in on that where it needed to be
now there's not as much going on and if you take a look especially what's coming
coming out of Washington how anybody can be doing other than the comedy routines that you're doing
inviting every comedian in south far out of the quailin and trying to out
hopefully their best material on you i think it's very good and i don't think any i've
practiced law in hallowedale for six years i don't think anybody in hallowedale has any reason
to be thin skinned about what you're saying if except for the people who it's directed at
let them be defensive the rest of us have nothing to worry about thank you
i got to add one thing to the film sir sir could you just come back here if you gave him a cigar
would he not look like retro marks yeah that's a monster that you're gonna say i have a
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha all done
so all auditioning today you know i know i'm a young new London Connecticut as a long way
the way but i think what i got to do we tried everything and new i wanted to revive it
we had redevelopment we did a lot of things and nothing seemed to happen but i think we'll have
to get somebody like like needle ear to tear our city apart verbally and then we're going to
I think it's great great great
Thank you a big new London now, too great city new London. I've been there. I spent a year there one day. It was great
Okay, who we got next I know that some of these people you can tell by the looks on their faces
They're just pouring out with emotion
Oh, it's another red skirt
The ring is here
Neely's doing a great job. I just want to correct mr. B.J. Or B.M. Or whatever it's RJ. It's really high not Eli
Eli sorry
Shame on you can't believe that you did that I know first you're calling me Nelson and then you're not pronouncing the what what'll it be next?
I think you Steve that would be the worst in soul at all
I'm speaking to that by the way, you know for all of the complaints that you politicians have had it could have been a lot worse
Sandy Peyton could have done the yearly bird and everybody would have gone to sleep, okay? So just be glad I'm the one who did it
Yes, ma'am
Neil I have four radios in my house and everyone's two deostations you have grown in this whole world
Thank you very much. Thank you. That's nice. Okay
135 at W.I. and Z we're gonna crank the bottle of wine open while we take a little break and it will come right back
But the diplomat mall and we have had a sensational gathering here
And I know you'd have to admit that this has been a fun crowd wouldn't you I think so?
We had a good nut mix out there, but that's see
It's just like when you do a shart and nut mix to spice it up a little bit
And you have to you know have a little fun with them and let them have their fun and that's what life is all about
And this has been great. This is a great exercise in democracy here today
What's up when you bang on?
Okay, I wanted to ask one question that's been a mystery to everybody, and I
Why do I live in Miramar? No, no, but no, notice we haven't asked that yet today
We're saying one thing and I guess maybe this is part of Helen Dale since a humor that we don't understand
They have a real dry sense of humor. You notice that?
And when I came into the mall this morning
I noticed it was sitting out here in front and we get all these conflicting stories about how these guys
It's a big put on and it's a joke and then of course we see you know
We hear from city father saying this has got to stop and we're gonna go out there and catch him
What is that all about? I mean is that a reflection of what's going on in city hall? I mean what is that?
The outhouse
gang is not
Consisted of any city employees. It's a tradition
Gene Stevens isn't that is he?
Science you could gather that but
Typically what they do is they
They create signs that do what you've done for the last several weeks is the ribbed the city and the commissioners and
city officials and they do the seat here in Halloween night
Down
It's all done. I guess in fun in fun. So in other words, Neo Rogers is in the first guy to come along and have a little fun and
Poke fun at the city of hell and
The outhouse gang does that every eight years
So we're like Johnny come lately, and it gives me an idea
They do it like one day a year and they put you guys on a map
Maybe like the first two or three months of every year on my show
Maybe the first four or five months of every year we might just you know single out hell and they all and make it part of like a ritual
You just have a little fun with it. We if you continue doing this we're gonna have to expand the boulevard a couple more lanes
And we're gonna need more than crosswalks. I think the mayor
Ride that outhouse
Concept probably for governor from the outhouse to the state house. Yeah, I get to it all excellent
And he certainly would have to be an improvement on what we've got there right now
In fact, I think our current governor could benefit by what you've got out there. That's a well-constructed outhouse
Excellent well, we're gonna be checking it out after the show and see you
See who's hiding it out the stand online see who's hiding in those closets in there
And if they've left any of the goodies inside, you know, they steal all that stuff. Okay, who's next here? Yes, ma'am
Come on at night. She sings on my darlings. She likes what she says
Thank you
