And you're going to sweat it.
Now wait a minute, the rumor from the inside is that Sandy was off today because it's
Passover, but what does that say about Mike Miller and Sonny Hirsch and Hank Goldberg
and all the other Jewish people in the Isle of Dreams.
I mean, does everybody take over for all take off for all of Passover?
That's getting pretty religious now, right?
I mean, this isn't exactly a young Kipper or a Tisha buff.
All right, we'll find out the real story for you.
Tamarack, hello.
Yeah, good morning, Neil.
Hi.
Yes, first time call a long time listener.
Good.
And I haven't been a rarity.
I haven't been a 30-years-old in living in Tamarack, which I get to see.
Oh, I don't know who the other two people are.
I don't know if she's one of them or who they are.
Because I didn't see the piece the other day, but I have a very good idea who it is.
There would have to be Calvin Fox, the WHKY up there.
Right, yeah, she was on it.
She's the one.
Yeah, I haven't been from the Boston area and I pick up the station all the time.
And I've listened to her and she is somewhat of a female Howard Stern.
And some of the stuff that she would get away with, I mean, I was doing college radio at the time
when I used to listen to her up north and I thought I was bad until I heard her with some of the stuff that she was pulling.
And the thing is that she would do stuff like sex surveys over the phone
and she'd also have a dating service called The Fonts Hunt,
which she try to have guys on the end and she try to match them up with people.
And I know people that tried to get on.
Mike Miller.
Oh, you've got to be kidding me.
I'm not kidding.
You Mike Miller took over a broad noise spot when over the WRKL.
So just think Mike Miller took over your spot in Boston.
That's frightening.
Okay, I just thought I'd enlighten you on those things.
I hope you have a good day, Neil.
You too, thank you.
Okay, but I'm going to really think about that all day.
I'm sure that has some Freudian significance,
but I'm not exactly sure I know what.
Okay, I'm getting an incredible message here on a screen,
which I'll get into after our next call for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
Okay.
I got a couple of questions or comments about crank calls.
The other night, I was very next big that I was slipping the dial
and I couldn't stand to listen to Bernard Nielster throw up.
So I went to...
You weren't listening to Dr. Bernard?
Yes, my friend.
Uncle Bernard.
Okay.
Anyways, so I went to snooze.
This is like 9 o'clock.
And I heard Glen Hill talking to...
I don't even know the name of the host.
And talking about who should call in tonight because
real slow night is always kind of tough and then...
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Let's slow down.
This was where? What show?
I'm not sure what show it was.
9 o'clock on Saturday night.
On snooze.
And you heard Glen Hill?
He called.
Oh, this was Joe...
What's his name?
I have no idea.
Johnson.
I didn't listen very long.
Joe Johnson.
Yeah, you're right.
So Glen Hill called and he says,
I think fruit cakes are calling tonight.
Yeah.
And this commentator says,
oh no, they don't like me around here very much.
And what's the story with him?
What do you mean what's a story with him?
What kind of a question is that?
Well, okay.
That's like the guy who called from Halea,
who knows everybody's, you know,
the story of their life.
What does that mean?
Well, okay.
He said he's forbidden to call there.
Well, he's having a major war with that station.
I mean, they've been...
They've been in court now.
They've been in court and the whole nine yards
over there at WS News.
Oh, really?
We don't have any problem with fruit cake.
As far as I'm concerned,
he can call us anytime he wants.
Oh.
Now, we have had...
I'm not going to say we haven't had problems.
There have been times I've been ready to strangle him.
But he has evolved.
I don't care what Taffy says.
He has evolved into a useful rational human being.
Did I ever call you a couple of weeks ago?
Maybe months ago?
Yeah.
And he didn't have a lot to say,
but he didn't say something that was worth listening to.
Yeah.
Well, you know, here's the stuff that he does is harmless.
Yeah.
But there are some of the other when you talk about cranks,
including the one that we finally declawed here the other day.
Some of these people are just chronic lunatics.
I mean, they're just...
And they just don't...
I mean, hundreds and hundreds of times a day.
And all they are just pests who interrupt everything
that's going on and drive everybody nuts.
I mean, there's a big difference between that.
I don't even have a problem with somebody who...
I hate to use the word crank,
but somebody who does something creative, that's funny.
Okay?
Okay.
But some of these people are far from funny,
like this jerk from Halea a couple of calls ago.
This is a mitch.
Yeah, he's got the same...
I mean, he's got...
I've got him...
80 different versions of the same story.
And it always comes back to onboard,
and I have nothing to do,
and he's an expert on everybody else's life.
And in the meantime, he wouldn't misaminity.
He sits out there and he listens to the radio 20 hours a day.
No, absolutely.
But speaking of crank calls too,
I was sitting on the beach Saturday afternoon
and your last 15 minutes,
I was rolling on the stand.
I thought it was so funny I could just...
I wouldn't believe it.
I said, let's tell everyone else in the beach to listen to it.
Yeah, that was his finale.
That was his final bow.
I figured that...
Sorry, what you said Monday morning,
that that was his final bow.
Yeah.
One last thing.
Did you hear what Mike Miller is going to be talking about this afternoon?
Oh, I can't wait.
How to turn a gay straight.
He's got a doctor that has a pill that makes you turn straight.
And...
I'm so scared.
I've got to meet my husband.
I'll tell you one thing,
he better pass it around to most of the talk hosts.
Boy, this market's going to change fast
if we've got a pill.
Boy, he says he's going to be talking about it to a clock.
Now, all Mike needs to do is take...
find another doctor with a pill
that makes a boring guy interesting.
And he'll really have a show.
Yeah.
Okay, I'm going to listen to that.
I wouldn't miss that for all the money in the world.
And Bill Caulders has been saying all day long
that he's going to be off for the rest of the week.
So, Passover lasts for her for four days, I guess.
Well, the message that we get now is that
Mike Miller is answering the call lines at IOD,
which I find bizarre, but I guess, you know,
he's auditioning for any job that he can keep.
And he's telling everybody that Sandi's just resting for a few days
and it has nothing to do with Passover.
So, it's real mysterious.
Let's put it that way.
Yeah, I'm sure she's going to get passed right over
about a couple of weeks.
You think so?
Yeah.
I hope so.
Well, that would mean that the cane would be on in the morning probably
in Miller in the afternoon.
Boy, wouldn't it be great to have cane on here in the morning?
Well, I think she's going to get passed over in the couple of Miller at three o'clock in the morning.
And what are they going to do in the midday?
Um, dead air?
Yeah, hey, that would be good.
Well, when Miller's on, they've already got that.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, listen, be sure and sign those petitions.
Oh, yeah.
I'll see you later.
Bye, thank you.
It's 11-11-11-4-1.
Man, this is turning into a wild show here today.
I know we're getting all kinds of little tidbits and little rumblings
and grumblings.
It's like when you start getting bad into jazz, and just in the beginning, you know, your stomach starts
the first little rumbles and it turns into like a maelstrom.
That's incredible.
Next call on a mobile phone.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How are you today?
Good. How you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
I got a couple of restaurants for you in Boca, at Stone, around the corner.
It's in Dade County, 624-019.
One thing we have another break to do here.
We'll come right back.
I'm just...
Now, in honor of that show that he's going to be doing, if that's true, that he's got the guy with a pill, you know, that kind of makes your wrist straighten out,
don't you think we ought to do something for Mike today?
Couples, concerned about...
You see, does everything he carries is still all morning until he gets down.
Well, I guess nobody's going to get...
Well, I'll go say the Glen Hill call in on bad news.
Right.
I heard the same call.
It was Paul Carson, that was a hose.
Now, I could practically swear that it was not Glen Hill.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Who is Paul Carson?
Is that Johnny's grandson?
Well, maybe it's...
Well, whoever it is.
But he was also on Sunday night from midnight five.
Great.
But this was not Glen Hill.
Although it sounds very, very much like him, but when he left.
Because I heard you, I guess, the day he was leaving, going to Tampa, or wherever he was going.
Yeah, he's not even in town.
Well, his life, I wish it would make me a tape, but if that's an amp, just law made a sleep.
I left here in life.
Yeah, well, we're thinking of hiring Glen just to come in here and laugh in the background.
But, he just...
Today, he just sounds like the All-American boy next door.
You know what I'm saying?
But...
I really don't know.
I never quite thought of it that way, but...
But he sounded...
It...
The impression that I got when he called was that he was a regular caller to this...
...that being that being...
Yeah.
Now, that's the impression I got.
Well, maybe it was Mitch.
No, I can.
And...
Or Mike.
Oh, Lord.
Oh.
Yeah.
And four-time job, keeping up with everything and everybody, a new said blog, not ready.
That only way you wanted, and you're very intelligent.
Well, you see, I kind of operate in a vacuum, which is unfortunate, but they don't talk very much to me.
And I avoid them like the plague.
And we're having a little meeting here tonight.
This is, again, little inside stuff.
We're having a little talk show meeting.
And the reason I'm having the guy from the FCC on Friday, on the air.
See, I could call him off the air and try to get some kind of clarification.
But I want to do it on the air, because I want to put it on the record.
Exactly.
Where the FCC stands in what the parameters are in terms of language and in terms of anything, as far as what they're concerned about.
Well, I don't think that your listening audience is offended.
I don't think...
Yeah, you've never used any word on your show that I've been alarmed or astonished or shocked or appalled about.
In fact, I think it's quite humorous.
And I think that your management needs to...
Lighten up.
Well, forget the lighten up.
I think they just have to have a little bit of sense of humor.
And I think that they also have to have some intelligence.
And I really don't know who's running the program over there.
But I think that if they ever thought of taking you off the air and let's them just using this...
...but that's not going to happen. I wouldn't worry about that.
All they've got to do is if they want to see what's really poor radio is, there's another channel in town that's opposite your time.
And I've listened to this person show too, and they're terrible. They're terrible. They really are.
Which one are we talking about?
I think you're calling him Alice.
Oh, Alice. Alice. Alice.
Yes, today I reached my ultimate frustration point with that child, because he's been doing my stick for seven years and making a very nice income, you know, just repeating my material.
And I've always, you know, made fun of it.
But it's gotten to the point lately where it's like he's repeating it verbatim.
And it's like he's show as an appendage to this one, like we are somehow connected.
And...
And he's show it all.
It's just incredible. You know, I mean, somewhere along the line he's got to go out on his own and be his own human being.
I mean, the rumor is that even when he passes gas, it's not his own.
So there's got to be something wrong there somewhere.
I think that, to be honest, I think you shouldn't even mention the show because I think by mentioning it, you give him some kind of credence.
Well, listen, I don't think he's worth it.
I try to do, you know, good job for everybody in the market. Look at Mike Miller. I mean, here's a guy that nobody would mention. They'd be too embarrassed.
And I just keep doing everything in my power so that when he gets canned in a couple of weeks, nobody will say, hey, it was Neil's fall. He ripped him.
I'm giving him all the publicity I can until they can him. And they're going to believe me. He's the odd man out.
Well, I hope that your management... I appreciate you. I really do because I know that I do.
And I'm not a talk show listener. This is the first time I'm a 35-year-old man. Like I said, I'm in construction and I'm driving around and I turn on the radio.
And instead of turning on FM and listening to that garbage that they've got on the radio, I'd rather listen to you.
And I think that your program's pretty good. And I want you to keep it up. And I want you to know that you've got a lot of people out here that probably don't call in, but that listen to you.
I know my mother never calls in and her sister doesn't, but they listen to your program faithfully. And every day when I go over to my mother's, we have a conversation about your show.
And we get quite a bit of a kick about it. And I just hope that your management smartens up a little bit.
Okay, I'm going to tell you something. I hope they were listening.
Okay, thanks a lot. Okay, there's my agent. It's 150 at WINZ. And we're going to take some more calls here in Victor Rumor about what's the name Ron Sax from Channel 10 is going to be doing afternoon drive at WNWAS.
Man, we got some hot things coming up this week.
What was going to happen before the end of the show? I can't believe it. I just can't believe it. Can we have another hour? Can we take one of Taffy's hours?
No way. No way. No way. Jose. Can't do it. Boy, you've been a sub-dickered conversation. I was another hour for just anybody. There was a call. There was a call about me.
There was a rumor started that you had called Paul Cameron. I don't even know who he is. I don't even just news. Never heard of anything.
And that you were talking about fruit cake or something. And then some lady called in and said, it wasn't you, but she loves your laugh. Yeah. And that was about it. It wasn't that exciting.
But you know how I try to build you up. Mark, you're going to tape my laugh. And so when I'm not here, they'll just play it.
You wouldn't do your dumb joke. Oh, no laugh and everything. I said we were going to pay you to laugh in the background during my show. I think that would be a great idea. Well, I think, of course, he has no sense of humor and no job.
So here I am. I'm going to laugh in the background. Sounds good to me. But the show is almost over Glenn. I just dropped into the last. Oh, you want to get people up the set?
Yeah, the callers get up. Someone I've been for four hours. It would have been great. I've been better than Herman and McBean with that canned laughter.
I told you I was never impressed by Herman and McBean. There's nothing. No, they're not funny. And you know, I just not fun. I used to work with Skip Herman years ago.
He used to do mornings. I mean, maybe a great guy. You know, we had to they had to fire him at love 90. You notice when I said he may be a great guy, you just kept going right on. So I guess he's not a great guy.
Yeah, well, they had to fire. What is he kind of a self serving? He gets this well, he used to he used to explode blow up and get mad. Really?
They fired him because he threw a cup of coffee into the control room board. Wait a minute. Did you hear that?
You want a coffee into the control room board and love and got fired? Yeah.
Man, if we could just get him together with the young lady who was team and war equipment, can you imagine what a team would have.
Blow this. Man, the two of them would have enough caffeine to put everybody given a he be G.B. in South Florida. That would be incredible.
Gale and skip together the gallon skip show exactly. Skip and gale. You heard a skip at Chuss. What was it? Chip and Dale. We got skip and gale.
So we aren't even saying I'm starting to list by took one of those pills that Mike Miller is handing out.
You hear about that? Yeah. He's going to straighten the world out with pills. Mike Miller, how you doing? Mike's always listening to say hi to Mike Miller.
You know, I was pills and you ought to see his wrist now, man. It's his limpa's a dish rack. I can't believe it.
Oh, this is really a rare treat to have you here on the floor. That place over there, man, you're just all right on the razor's edge over there at IOD.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And supposedly another rumor is that foulers making the big announcement this week about whoever's replaced.
Whatever his name was. See how quick they forget. Yeah, Steve has had said it's leaf-fowler dried his tears.
Yeah, after Steve came to part of it, I heard he was just crying and upset. Was he crushed? Yeah. I think, yeah, I think we had a thing for Steve to be honest with.
Which is probably part of the reason that Steve left. I mean, Steve likes doing the tying up. He doesn't like being whipped and all the other stuff on the chain.
So you didn't go to Tampa? No, Tampa. I'm not going to Tampa. I'm trying to stay in town and I'm here doing some business. I just dropped in to say hi to the people.
You can be one of the judges. Here's our second entry. I don't have the first one. The first one I have at home. Oh, yep.
Of course, but here's the second entry in our home. Oh, my God. Did you get any of the young ladies? That's a judge. Do you have anyone come into judge and very red by the way I know this too?
This isn't what we had in mind, folks. It's not a pornographic content. That kind of looks like the state of Florida there. It's a matter of fact. Yeah. And look at Southeast Florida. It looks like it's in bad shape.
It looks like it's never going to be the same again. Can you believe that? What a sick audience. I got out. We're going to continue the contest. Oh, yeah.
We found out. No, we're going to know this is not the weener. Believe me. This is the winner so far is at home. But that's an understory. Well, listen, it's really been great seeing you.
