was or even loves Neil Rogers.
Now the rumors have already started around the city this morning that the reason
Neil is not here is because he's really at Tammy Fae Park, you know, at the mass.
I don't buy it, okay?
I don't think that's where he is, but you can think whatever you want, you know.
I don't think that, you know, this is just a coincidence that Uncle Neil got delayed
today.
You know, this never happens, but something happened and he'll be here shortly, but
he, I just don't think he's at the mass.
It's him.
Somehow, you know, just deep inside me, I can't, I can't contraep the image of Uncle
Neil walking like six miles.
Well, it's possible, but with this little Yamaka on and his little, you know,
dress, I just don't think so.
I think he's had a slight problem and he'll be here in just a few minutes.
All right, it's 17 after 10.
This is Glenn Hill.
We're here until Uncle Neil arrives.
Let's take a break, okay?
And then we'll be right back.
Oh, no, if you want his blessing now, don't go messing around.
Chen, you're flexing it down.
Oops, look out.
The Pope is coming to town.
Look out.
The Pope is coming to town.
Indeed, county things can get rough.
Guiding part is really good stuff.
Nobody likes that rough stuff.
So the Pope said enough and we'll say, high Pope, we'll say high Pope, and I, I from the
eye in the sky.
Pope, the deaf, the blind, the guy who lives, they all want to live.
Please don't say us a man.
Hey, all you weirdo's off with a grad.
Let's learn how a baby is made.
From a guy who never gets laid.
Absolence makes the grade date.
See the doctor gets paid and he'll yell.
High Pope, he'll yell, high Pope.
I see the souls in my old microscope.
Good Catholics are not heed.
They may spill their seats where God only can tell.
Please, John Paul, don't condemn them to help.
Be kind, Pope, don't condemn them to.
There's no hope you descend to help.
To help.
This is dirty stuff he's playing here.
Disgusting.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain.
You know, there are going to be those people who will say to me,
you shouldn't rip the nice people up a tire kingdom up on the corner.
Because after all, they did get it done for you in an hour.
Of course, they said it was going to be a half an hour.
Which all these places down here tell you, oh yeah, I'll have you out of here half an hour.
No problem.
I said I've got to be out of here quarter to ten.
No problem.
This was 12 minutes after nine.
How long can it take to put on a new tire?
It took double what they said.
Sounds like standard operating procedure to me.
I'm sitting there and sitting there and sitting there.
And seeing there, my car is sitting out in their parking lot.
It's not moving.
It's not moving.
Did you tell them who you were?
No.
Well, no one.
They don't know me from Donald.
Now we're good at far.
It's right there.
I've got it out for you.
I haven't heard this.
This is new material.
It's a good time for the great taste.
Neil, this is Noodles.
Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
Classic car is sitting there.
It's not going anywhere, okay?
It's not moving.
So what you have to do, because there's this girl who's got all of her books,
who's obviously got a class somewhere in her car sitting there.
And she just peeing in her pants.
She's having an nervous breakdown.
And she's saying, can I please pay you for this so that if you ever get it done,
you know, I can get out of here.
It's not quite in those words, but close.
Yeah.
So I did the same thing.
I paid them.
So you could just leave.
If it's that one, they ever got the tire on.
Seriously, how long are you going to take to change a tire?
20 minutes?
Ten minutes.
Ten.
Yeah.
Ten minutes, I would say.
Let's say 20, just to be kind.
If there's problem, yeah.
And they were busy.
They were backed up.
They only had like 40 guys working there, you know?
All right.
So now I go out and I start doing like the green apple quick step almost.
I'm shuffling from one foot to the other.
And I said to the guy, hey, it's turning into a long half hour, you know?
And the car's still sitting out there.
Okay, Joe, hey, you know, and Joe goes out there, gets my car,
drives it, terrors around the back, you know, to impress me,
like they're really in a big hurry.
And he puts it in one of the stalls, okay?
Yeah.
Now, I guess he assumed they assumed the customer is going to go back into the waiting room
and sit there and assume they're doing something.
Well, not this guy, okay?
And I look in the car sitting there.
And how Joe has gone over with Teddy and they're, you know, working on some other unbelievable, unbelievable.
They finally put the car up on the thing and they get it up in the air.
And now the young guy who's the manager, who's an ice guy, but a little slow,
comes in and he says to me,
I don't understand why you want to replace that tire.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
which has a screw in it, which is worn out.
It's wearing, I mean, it's wearing on the edges.
I just don't like plugging a tire, okay?
I just have a thing about that.
I've done it a couple of times.
I don't like it now.
And I know that we'll get all these experts.
Oh, sure, you can plug a tire, but 30,000 am I?
Good, you do it, okay?
I don't like doing it.
I just, I have an aversion to it, okay?
And I happen to have enough money I can spend 60 bucks to buy a tire.
Right?
Yeah.
No problem.
Why do you want to replace it?
Look at it, you know, just put the goddamn tire on already.
Get me out of here.
I didn't say that, but that's what I was thinking.
So you had a wonderful time.
Oh, I'm tired of thinking.
Just talk about stress, talk about nervous breakdown.
And you keep looking out there.
What are they, what are they doing?
That's the question.
Nothing.
They're not paying, forget the Pope, will you please?
He's from Dave County, Sally over here.
She's forget the Pope.
Screw the Pope on the brain.
Yeah.
Pope Mania.
Unbelievable.
And of course, when you buy a new car, you know, you spend 17, 18, 20,000 dollars
and they still give you the cheapest, lausiest, crappiest tires that money can buy.
Garbage.
You're crap.
Okay?
See, I didn't tell you the whole story.
I'm coming to work.
And of course, I had to put air in a tire.
And this is the second one.
I don't want to sound like there are a lot of problems in my life, but the new complex I'm living in, you know, they're building.
There's all this construction going on.
And you drive through like beds of nails and screws and you know, little things.
I mean, should be no problem.
And this has been going on ever since I lived there.
And it's a great place.
Say, it's a good time for the great place.
Yeah, okay.
And but the problem is when there's construction going on, they do tend to be a few screws and nails and little things.
You drive over.
It's kind of a nail.
It's got a nail obstacle code.
You get a nail in your tire.
Screw.
This is the second one.
The second tire I've had to replace on my new car.
Yeah, that's a brand new car.
Of course.
It's an 88, isn't it?
Well, but they put old tires on.
They put recaps or something.
I don't know.
And that's possible.
But anyway, these are such garbage tires.
So anyway, I'm coming to work and I said, well, I got a whole hour.
Why not replace the tire now?
Right?
Because there's Norton tire right up the road on Pines where I've done a lot of business up there.
And I go up there and there mobbed to beat all hell out of you.
And the woman finally says to me, oh, can I help you?
And I said, yeah, I need a tire.
What kind of car have you got?
Oh, we can't put any tires on a teabird.
Really?
At Ed Norton tires, they can't handle that?
They're a real stone.
There's no corner on that.
Firestone makes all the tires.
Whoever heard of such a thing.
Did you ever hear of such a thing?
I thought that.
Michelin and Good Year and Good Rich.
I thought they made all-size tires for all kinds of cars, right?
Wrong.
No.
Firestone.
Which we all remember the great Firestone recall.
I mean, they make the best tires that money can't buy.
Well, the tires that come on a new car are crap.
I once had, I was thinking about this coming back over here about 80 miles an hour upon.
I haven't.
I once bought a Buick Skyhawk, which was a nice little car.
Little car.
Okay.
Car was okay, but the tires they put on it, I got to 12,000 miles.
And all four of the tires, I will say this, they were wearing evenly.
I mean, like, disintegrating.
Disintegrating, like white powder.
In fact, if I would have driven it into Dave County,
would have gotten stolen, they would have thought the tires were covered with coke or something.
It was incredible.
And I went into a Good Year digler.
These happen to, and I like Good Year tires.
Most people don't.
Most people will tell you they love Michelin tires and maybe Goodrich.
But I like Good Year.
I've had good luck with them except in this case.
And I go to the Good Year digler and I said, I've got to get all new tires.
I mean, this is a disaster.
All four tires were like bald and white.
One thing they have white walls, but when the whole tire is white,
something's going on, you know?
And they said to me, oh, we can't give you those.
They don't make those.
We don't sell those.
I said, what do you mean?
They said, well, those are the ones that they put on at the factory.
Yeah.
That's true.
In other words, the cheapest tires that money can buy and they're so bad,
we don't even sell them.
So I had to get a different little upgrade, you know, which was fine,
because those lasted, you know, 13,000 miles, that of 12.
I was lucky with my new car came, it's made by Japanese.
And the tires are Japanese and they lasted 40,000 miles.
It came on my car.
I couldn't believe it.
Yeah, but they're on a little slanty though.
But you can't buy them either.
They're too good.
They don't sell them.
They're too good.
I won't buy Japanese.
I'll continue to suffer with American, because I'm going to create a...
You're a Mexican guy.
You're a Mexican guy.
You're a Mexican guy.
No, I don't believe all that crap about foreign cars.
I really don't.
Well, I've had great luck with my Japanese.
Good. Good luck to you.
Yeah.
It's your personality perfectly.
What is that?
You look like one of those little, you know, Japanese bird with a big egg.
Well, I've been told that.
Yeah.
Hatching a plot with Emperor Hirohito.
By what just happening?
So I'm just...
I have no idea what the hell I'm doing here.
In fact, I should have just gone home.
I should have left you do the whole show, because I'm so burned out now.
I'm just ready to pass out.
Well, just relax.
So I want to say a special hello.
And you see, they don't understand.
They're going to be disturbed.
What do you want?
We did a great job here at Tire Kingdom.
We're nice people.
And we...
Although I did notice that the...
And they were busy, but all the customers were distraught.
In other words, everybody was leaning from one foot to the other.
Like, when the hell are we ever going to get out of here?
Are we going to live to see our cars again?
And these places seem to do that too, you know?
Oh, no problem.
Have it by one o'clock.
Can you go back to one o'clock?
Oh, we didn't mean today.
We were thinking more like one o'clock on next Monday.
Exactly.
Don't they have those weird ads on TV, Tire Kingdom, after those people with that weird guy?
I don't know.
Yeah, it was about...
Oh, yeah, the guy that's made out of tires.
Uh-huh.
No, that's not Tire Kingdom.
That's Uniroil, isn't it?
I don't know.
Oh, those are some other great tires, Uniroil.
Woof!
Forget those.
Just stilt by generals.
They own...
They own...
Archaio, you know, general tires.
Don't buy those.
Those are the world's worst.
Yeah, the FCC will take your car away.
And it's true!
If you have general tires.
Absolutely.
And Ricky Tickey will come out and visit, and, you know, you don't want to get into all that.
Wait a minute.
It says here there is no general tire.
Or did they...
They're gone.
They already put them out of business.
Thank goodness.
The FCC confiscated all their tires.
It was kind of interesting last night that...
That father Riley, or Riley, whatever the hell, all those Irish sure Catholics are named
Riley, or Orally, or O'Neal.
And he was bitching about the fact that it was the media's fault that there was nobody there
last night, because the media had, you know, five minutes on lost puppies or something.
I mean, like the media in this town hasn't given enough coverage to the Pope, so nobody knew he was here.
That's why nobody showed up last night.
I almost ripped my TV screen apart.
I was so upset.
I couldn't believe it.
That was disgusting.
Well, he never...
Always crying.
Oh, wait a minute.
General corporation made more money liquidating the company than making tires.
Easy to believe.
Or liquidating the tires.
There's to poor stuff into them.
How does he know that?
He knows everything.
He sounds absolutely believable, but I can't believe he knows all.
Trust me.
He does.
He just, like, a walking inside the community of useless information.
That has exactly the fault, you know.
You know, if you ask him something meaningful, like, what does his button do on the phone?
I don't know.
Or care.
Exactly.
Does anybody know what the button does on the phone?
I haven't figured it out yet.
I think it's one of...
If you press the button, it blows up.
Kyle is probably listening to this too.
Dave researches.
Disconnect.
Oh, it disconnects the call?
Really?
Wow.
But it doesn't work.
No, seriously, that's what it says.
It doesn't work.
But it's supposed to.
It looks great.
It impressed.
It's wonderful.
It's a good time for the great taste.
Oh, I just...
You're happy, you know.
That for me solo this morning, I'm on my way to the tire place.
Diddy.
Yes, diddy, that's solo.
Yeah.
He brought that by.
Wasn't that what he mentioned that.
He was talking to a Gregory who, of course, is down the shilling for the Pope, right?
The M.C.
We know that he's a very religious guy.
Donald Cyan by.
Diddy?
He said he came by and visited.
Yes, he did.
He said that he met the bird.
Everybody was laughing and cackling.
Diddy say he had a pleasant time here?
Yes.
Said that buried the hatchet or something.
He said where he put it, but he said everything was wonderful and all of that.
He and I had a little talk.
Discussion.
Why don't you take a break and just rest?
I don't want to take a break.
I just got here.
You need a minute to...
I think you need a minute.
Are these phones...
No, I'm just fine.
I'm doing just great as you would say.
Everything is just fine.
Wonderful to be alive.
Blood pressure is about 900 over 800 from running around looking to see if the...
The thing that disturbed me most is when they moved my car finally.
Okay.
And then they walked away.
They let it sit there.
Like to try to calm me into thinking they were doing something.
That bothered you.
They always do that.
And then the guy behind the counter who was like a cross between Al Capone and...
As a slice the loan or something.
I mean, it's an older version.
Al Capone.
Oh, this guy was unbelievable.
Older version.
Oh, Joey.
I'm getting on that.
In fact, Joey isn't that interesting.
I heard Joey this morning was talking about California federal or something.
About that being the bank and the guy was on the phone.
Am I going to get my loan?
Yes, you're all set.
You're all great.
You know, I don't...
What was that all about?
Is he afraid that I'm going to read his loan application on the year?
I would never do that.
Unethical.
I will give his home number out.
You know, I'm not going to do that.
I can't stand wanted to do that.
I can't do that.
Slimey kind of a guy at times.
I can say that because he's still asleep.
Yeah.
We read too much of it.
I mentioned that if you get a call from someone named Glen Hill to the ordering merchandise...
It's not me, folks.
Yeah.
It would have had a few...
You don't want to talk about that.
No.
No, we don't want to plant the seeds of any bad ideas and minds of our economy.
But it's not really thinking of.
Yeah.
You may want to...
Any businesses you may want to confirm that.
So how did we think turnout last night?
Anybody leave together?
They all leave individually or was always in that great?
I don't want to hear these stories.
I can't have an all-deak press.
I don't want to hear Sally.
Like, don't...
Whatever you do, don't turn Sally's mic on it all under any circumstances today.
I'm already in enough trouble.
No way.
No problem.
So here we are, ladies and gentlemen.
And we're sorry that the media hasn't given enough publicity.
I mean, I have never seen anything so disgusting in my life as the way the...
And I don't know.
Did I make it on Channel 4 News at all?
I didn't see it.
Because I didn't see the 6 o'clock.
I didn't even.
It certainly was 9 o'clock.
Because I watched 11.30 and then I went to bed.
And they were...
They were going to go on for hours, I guess.
I didn't know.
And they were playing like chamber music in the background.
And Susan Lickman even did her hair in different color.
John was had like an 8-piece suit on.
It was unbelievable.
And they were on this wild set with all these religious kind of colors.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like, tones.
Like, this was a...
I just don't understand what the hell these people are thinking about.
I mean, you folks in the media are absolutely stark-raving nuts.
You are the worst hores, the worst chills, and talk about objectivity.
I mean, here Amy Huggins came over here yesterday.
They were here for an hour.
I interfered with our show.
Right.
And did any of that get on the air?
Because I sure didn't see any of it myself.
I didn't see the 6 o'clock news.
And I'll tell you one thing.
I sure didn't see any...
I didn't see any coverage of any of the protesters.
Of course, there was nobody there last night.
No.
And now it's starting to drizzle a little bit.
I wonder if it's like this in date.
If it's going to rain like hell between now and 1.30.
Wouldn't that be a shame, boy?
His holiness would die.
Be very upset.
We'll see.
It's a matter of fact.
Oh, oh, oh.
Wouldn't it be something?
Wouldn't it be...
We're expecting...no, seriously.
We are expecting a miracle with his holy father, who's in the Miami.
And I think it would be one of the most incredible things.
You're out of the blue.
You're out of nowhere.
Look up in the sky.
Here they come.
Oh, there's Brian.
How you doing, Brian?
Hi.
Hi.
We're your brother, Brian.
And have we got no views.
Better than this, sir.
Get ready for your loneliness.
And leave those hot brothers at home.
All right.
You're driving.
Oh, hi.
And I'm using clothes.
And the month's senior is so upset.
Ha.
De agreements.
MONI Master of Pronounce Starperforming Worlds Cup Saints scoring.
Flys away fast.
Every healed Mistaken皮.
All they ever had can say is,
Oh, they sell it.
Congratulations for serving our Masks.
Wyatt those-
It's time for the first they met.
Awfuls and jätte.
They should take advantage of the funded gifts.
Oh boy, an answer to a Pope's prayer.
Raining Altarport.
One.
Okay, that's enough of that stuff.
Six Oprah Winfrey.
Look alike, doing a little song there.
2111 at Wion Z.
And our thanks to you know who for filling the gap here this morning in his usual incompetent way.
And we'll come back right after this.
Pick a pocket.
Excuse me.
Pick a pizza pocket.
Pick a pizza pocket.
Oh, pick a pizza pocket of flavor at Wags.
Wags family restaurants.
No, you say it.
Say what?
Pick a pizza pocket of flavor at Wags.
I can't remember all that.
I can't remember this.
Wags presents our four great pizza sandwiches.
We start our fajita pizzas with simmering strips of tender chicken or succulent sirloin.
Flavored with special Mexican seasonings and piled high with cheese, onions, lettuce and tomato.
Or choose one of our mouthwatering teriyaki pizzas made with marinated strips of sirloin or tender chicken.
Sauteed with plump white mushrooms, crisp celery and spicy onions.
We serve them up in our thick grilled pita bread with a mound of golden french fries.
They're all delicious and they're only at Wags.
I think I got it.
Pick a pizza pocket.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
A flavor.
A bag.
A pizza pocket of flavor at Wags.
I got it.
You did it.
You did it.
There's a remarkable product for pain relief.
It's called therapeutic mineral ice.
It's an exclusive deep cold formula, a penetrating gel that lots of doctors, chiropractors, clinics and physical therapists now use and recommend.
All you do is apply mineral ice where it hurts and it helps block pain almost immediately,
including the minor aches and pains of muscles and joints from arthritis.
Simple backache, strains, bruises, sprains and related sports injuries.
Only mineral ice combines a clinically and medically proven ingredient in a deep penetrating cool blue mineral gel.
No grease, no stain, no unpleasant odor.
Just apply mineral ice as often as needed and let deep cold pain relief do the rest.
You'll work play and sleep better.
Instead of taking pills, try mineral ice the effective pain fighter.
You'll find mineral ice at your neighborhood pharmacy and better health food stores, GNC, Fedco and federal discount stores,
and Grey Drugs, Enchords Corner Drugs Stores, and at Walgreens.
Ask for it by name, therapeutic mineral ice.
Last year, Chevrolet announced the Big One.
Chevy introduced 1.9% financing, which is created a buying frenzy across the country.
Today, the Big One is back.
Chevrolet announced 1.9% annual percentage rate limited term financing with approved credit or rebate.
This time, it's on 87 Chevy's down the line.
1.9% on Camaro's celebrity.
1.9% on Caprice Cavalier.
1.9% on Novus Spectrums and Sprints.
1.9% on 1988 Corsicas and Barrettas.
Plus, Team Chevy dealers are closing out 87's.
You can save thousands.
Get to your date-broward Chevy dealer.
Last year was a frenzy.
Now, with 1.9% on the lowest priced Chevy's, you can expect a madhouse.
It's a good time for the great taste.
17 before 11.
I was thinking about it last night.
We've got 5 FM stations cutting stuff for this show.
Is that incredible or what?
There's a legal cutting stuff.
Yeah, from Mazda.
Magic.
Can I mention Zeta without you stepping on me?
You notice he's doing it again this morning.
No, he's getting real pushy.
Get serious.
Legion from Zeta.
Tragedy 102.7.
Hot 105.
Powerless 96.
And now, gloves 94.
That's right.
Was that 5 or 6?
5.
Unbelievable.
Now, what we're going to do is get the jewelry rentals to cut some stuff for us.
We'll be all set.
I'm sure that'll have.
Hey, listen, he's got plenty of money, stanched away.
He's living in that wonderful place in plantation.
And he got his loan and everything is wonderful.
He's got his 84 Porsche.
And his 84 Mercedes SL8523.
Each would $457.89.
And what the hell market anybody want?
That's great.
Good luck to you, Joy.
Well, I was walking around downtown Miami.
Didn't have a thing to do.
When I looked down this game full of art.
A procession dispassion.
I heard of the parade was running Reagan.
And the next two songs go.
I said, who's the joke?
Him a funny outfit.
He turned out to be the Pope.
Well, I was amazed.
I was mystified.
As it has been by.
I was hoping for some kind of revelation.
A big flash in the sky.
But all I've got was shoved around by the fun of security guard.
He thought to be downright to the ground.
Jesus didn't even need a heart.
Hey there, Pondin, give us a thrill.
Won't you visit our town?
We'll pay all your bills.
We'll close the school, place all the room.
Keep it shut the highway's down.
Just so you can laugh at the touch of holiness.
This funny thing you will count.
We'll return.
Seconds the boys.
Well, I just couldn't resist to pick up them like this.
So I went out to see the show.
There was a million people.
He didn't even hot dogs.
They were really breaking in the dough.
He sang songs and polishes.
Lectured in creoles.
He even gave us famished matters.
But love that he did did a thing for this kid.
I'm gonna have to set my own hands.
Now I don't mean to be disrespected.
Or say anything I've seen.
But you have to wonder what would happen.
If Jesus came back on the scene.
Would you build him an author?
Close down the city.
Would you throw him a parade?
Would you shut down I'd 95 or throw?
Jesus in the county's dark cave.
He says they're fun and kill us a thrill.
Won't you visit our town?
We'll pay all your bills.
The cold schools break all the room.
Even shut the highway's down.
Cuts so you can dress us.
It's such a holy mess.
This international, for these land you will.
It's polys cultural.
Right we're a radical town.
What a town.
This town.
Here they come.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
I'm sure he does.
He has a strange way of showing it.
But I'm sure he does.
13 before 11 at W.I.N.C.
I'm gonna take these calls and this system today is gonna sound so good.
You're just not gonna believe it, right?
No chance.
It does?
For you to say that is quite an endorsement.
Dave County, hello.
Hello.
See would be nice if there was somebody there to inaugurate the new system.
Broward, hello.
Neil how are you doing?
Okay.
Oh it's good to be in front of the car.
Oh yeah that sounds great.
So you had a problem with Tyra Kingdom.
I've had to run in with them once and that'll be the last time.
So how you been?
I asked him, I said where the hell's my car already and they said...
It's a good time for the great taste.
But you know...
Yeah any gimmick to just you know...
Yeah they want to send you over to McDonald's.
For a break.
So what do you think about the McPope?
Yeah he's great.
He's my favorite.
I think he could replace Ronald McDonnell myself.
Tell the bird now to know he's saying that there's...
Is he in there?
No he's out doodling around somewhere.
He's saying that this room is going around that you're watching the Pope with it?
Yeah right.
Yeah I was watching the Pope in the Archbishop and I can't say...
I can't say on the air what was going on but it looked pretty...
Pretty hot.
One?
Dad is sleeping.
Yeah and the water bed.
That took a lot of holy water to fill Ant-Bed let me tell you.
Oh...
Nioh.
I don't know what that...
I don't know I put that on a couple minutes ago watching the Pope and hoping people dancing.
Of course they're doing a little kazansky.
Those are all the husks see them.
They're just happy to see so many guys with the armook is running around.
Well listen have a wonderful day and you know stay out of trouble.
Needs stay out of trouble that'll be the day.
Okay.
Take care Nioh.
Good luck to you.
Yesterday they still had a mixture of Contele and Southern Bell equipment after they finally ripped out the last of the antiquated Southern Bell equipment.
The problems cleared up.
Well of course that's that old Southern Bell crap they put in here like 11 years ago.
Shame on them.
Shame on the Larry Mixin and all my good friends at Southern Bell.
They know I'm very fond of them but uh...
Dave County hello.
Yeah good morning Nioh.
How you doing?
The phone does sound good you're right I can't believe it.
You sound like you're almost in the same county.
And you sound pretty good too.
How about that even on the speaker phone huh?
Even on the speaker phone.
I just want to let you know though you're right.
Your time wasn't wasted.
I did see you on channel 4 news last night.
Oh yeah on 6?
Uh no it was on about a quarter to 12.
Quarter to 12 if I would have just stayed up another 15 minutes.
They were talking about the people that what people protesting some people weren't there though like Nioh Rogers.
And they put you on you were talking about how with the Itoly came to town with a you know a throw parade and all that.
Yeah.
It looked pretty good too.
Really?
It looked pretty good the vacation did you well again.
Oh yeah I look almost like Jason Gennrich right now as a matter of fact.
I do.
All right well listen you have a good day and uh... whatever.
Okay.
Didn't have much to say to that.
No neither do I so that's okay.
Thanks a lot.
Great time.
Okay good callers out there this morning and they sound almost human on this new system.
Just imagine how frightening it'll be if we ever get anything to really work in here then we're really going to be.
Terror is right?
It's a good time for the great taste.
Oh boy that just he says that so well.
Of course the problem is it's the only thing he can say but what?
Here comes Mr. Male.
Isn't that great?
Just drops it.
I'll be honest with you the male has been off considerable.
For you are a vacation.
Yeah since you messed up the show it's been off considerably and some of it is even like that one for the Pope sticker.
We don't have any more Pope stickers and the Pope is going to be gone by the time you got it anyway.
Oh this is a cute one.
Here's the Pope it says.
Thought this may help you with the track and here's the Pope it says picking a winner and he's got his finger up his holy nostril.
Look at that.
He's got his index finger up his holy nostril of course evidently blessing the yeah.
You recognize this handwriting?
Looks like some hate.
Yep.
They call up wanting to argue not having any more bumper stickers.
What do they want you to do?
Manufacturing?
They're gone.
They came out of like thin air.
They're long gone and all that stuff.
I will have the weather girl singing it's raining a bumper stickers.
Nine minutes before 11 at W.Y.N.C. I'm trying to calm down.
I'm still just hysterical.
We're going to be talking a little later about Donna Rice and her new no excuses line of jeans.
Do I?
I mean what a four.
You know what I'm saying?
Do I dare say that on the air?
I mean just unbelievable.
No shame whatsoever.
No excuses.
Like she doesn't apologize for anything and she'll put her name on anything that's been invented to make a fast buck.
That's what it's all about.
Ten couples should have had her on instead of Gary Hart.
You could have had an idiot here.
It's 1052 at W.Y.N.C.
Neil Rogers here warming you up for the stand major show at two.
That's true.
I've met spoke the Arlene Ross show at two with her special guest stand major.
Everybody of course waiting with baited breath for that.
Look at these disgusting pictures that we get out here.
More polo.
Oh my gosh Oprah, shame on you honey.
Look at that.
Boy, just that one there lying on the bed.
Just that one of hers is big enough to choke a horse.
And there of course is the Pope as finger is still poised and they hold you nostril.
And we've got some twitty fingers.
I want to thank a listener for sending those and that'll keep you occupied today.
We spend some time putting those together.
A little kit with your picture and all your little private parts.
It's very cute.
Broward, hello.
I just woke up and I was wondering if you could give me some sex in the morning.
Probably very unlikely sir.
Please Neil.
You want to hear that disgusting record that we played yesterday?
I played it already.
You already played it?
We already played it sir.
Go away.
Top of the show.
Just woke up, he wants sex in the morning.
It was great.
Roll over sir.
Go back to sleep.
Dave County, hello.
Hello.
How are you?
How are you doing?
Okay.
Good on TV last night.
Oh you saw too.
Do you work with two people who stayed up that late?
What happened to the usual red shirt?
Oh no, I wanted to be sure and wear my Hawaii shirt for the Holy Father.
Well it looked fine also even if he didn't go to Hawaii.
I wanted to get his attention.
What were the first words spoken between the Pope and Ronnie Reagan?
It's a good time for that great priest.
Is that a crucifix in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Oh come on, that's terrible sir.
You know that that's fantasizing.
It's normal.
We had two very important men here in Miami last night together.
And I do mean important.
Or is that impotent?
I'm not sure I'm pronouncing that right.
Everybody's got a dream.
That's right.
Anyway, nice to hear you again.
Okay, thank you so much sir.
Okay.
Oh we're breaking at 1056.
Well it's 1056 right now.
Are we?
So you know what that means?
It's a good time for the great taste.
Of course the only problem is that what 1056 for whom?
Well if he's just wandering around and he's not sitting around.
He's not ready for the news.
He's looking at his watch saying are you crazy?
You out of your cotton pick and mind?
We're going to misshell on the TV.
Exactly. He's not ready for the news.
News.
Put him on off and enough.
We'll make him into a superstar.
Isn't that right Donald?
Oh Donald is a good time for the great taste.
Did you step on Donald?
Neil this is Newtons reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
Okay.
I'll tell you noodles are talking cat.
Okay we want to do it now.
Does he want the news now?
They're taking more and more chunks out of this show for this silly guy named Carol with address.
Catch us in the morning and catch up on the latest news.
Weather traffic and sports on WIMZ Miami 4th on the day.
Now you're going to do the best.
Good morning from the 94 newsroom.
This is Michael Wolf, a little update on what's going on down the papal mass today.
It's if you've been watching at all you've noticed there's a steady rain as they had an opening ceremony with the dancers there.
Dancers why we don't know.
Let's check in now with Frank Motek.
He is at the press center and Frank would have got to tell us.
The Holy Father is here.
With that Pope John Paul the second guy out of his WIMZ and had a joyous ride in the Pope's mobile with Archbishop Edward McCarty this morning.
The solo was sang, prays him.
Right now the pont of his making his way up to the enormous stage has been erected for this occasion.
230,000 people at the park and WIMZ News Director Jeff Bray is at the mass.
Jeff Bray from your vantage point.
What can you see?
We see the Pope now has gotten up to the altar there.
Okay we're having a problem getting through to Jeff right now.
I could probably so loud there right now that you probably can't hear you.
This has been an incredible spiritual and emotional experience.
You've got human flags, apetal flags, American flags waving.
It was an incredible sight there this morning and now the Pope is making his way up to the stage.
There have been some concern that people in the crowd might be injured.
We understand nine people have been taken to local hospitals.
There have been two hard attacks.
One police officer has been attacked by red ants and a couple of other minor things have occurred.
Nothing major fortunately.
Nothing to take away from the magnitude of this magnificent event going on at Tammy and McPark right now.
Brank crowd estimates right now or anywhere from about 180,000 to 200,000.
Have you heard any other numbers?
At least 230,000 right now, 10,000 people rushed in through the gate at midnight and a couple of people received minor injuries when they did that.
All right what about the rain Frank?
I'm sure that's a bit of a disappointment.
Well, which Jeff was here to tell us more about that but certainly the spirits have not been dampened.
It looks like it's letting up somewhat.
All right, Frank at this point or at least a few minutes ago the rain was a bigger concern.
There was a fear of the possibility of lightning in the area and there were a lot of...
That's right there was an announcement made that people should stay away from the sound towers because there was a threat of lightning striking it and the announcer joked that we don't want to send anyone to heaven today.
Well that was certainly a good taste.
As far as the injuries I can confirm what you say about that that we did have one case reported to us of a man with respiratory arrest and it was a surprise a Metro-Dade police officer hospitalized after being read and uncomplied fire and...
Apparently the officer had an allergic reaction to a red ants in the field.
All right we're going to join CBS News now and I'm sure they're going to pick up on the story from there.
The ceremony started at Tammy Amid Park. Right now it's 11 o'clock and let's go to CBS.
CBS News, I'm Christopher Glenn.
Pope John Paul II has delivered a major address on Catholic Jewish relations to a delegation of American Jewish leaders in Miami.
The pontiff affirmed the Jews were...
I think it might be.
He's something missing.
Well we know that.
You're no question about that.
Oh a number of things are missing though.
I can't not ask for words.
Heels off last night and I can't find a damn thing in here.
You know it's just incredible.
You know that new video he's got out.
Yeah.
You know he really blew it.
You know where he blew it at?
I don't want to get into that.
But he kept saying bad, bad you know.
Oh yeah.
Like preaching he was like a kid.
Oh wait a minute.
Now I want you to listen to this very closely okay?
I want you to listen to the first line of this, sorry?
All right.
If it ever cues up.
Hello.
This is Michael Jackson.
Acting an important question.
Okay did you hear that?
Yeah.
Did anything Strykky was being strange about that?
No.
Okay.
All right.
Nothing struck you.
There was nothing that he said there that Strykky was a little bit peculiar right?
Oh that effect I've used for God when he said already.
Oh okay.
Well yeah he's kind of like Chinese food.
He doesn't last.
He doesn't stay with you very long.
He's going to do something.
He's always jumping back into that bubble.
There must be something wrong with this line.
Yeah it's going to happen.
Is there somebody on here?
Somebody on here.
Hold on.
See I told you I knew that there was no open line in broad shame on you.
What's that?
Michael Jackson is going to get married pretty soon.
Yeah.
To what?
To what?
Who is he going to marry?
I can't tell you.
No I didn't say who I said what.
What do you mean what?
Maybe he's going to get married to a fire hydrant.
Oh to a woman.
Oh yeah.
Honest.
Sure.
Give it about another 60 days.
Yeah like maybe Rob Lowe or somebody like that.
He's going to marry a woman a very famous woman.
Really?
Yeah.
Or are you clear of buoyant?
No but I have contacts in Hollywood.
Oh boy this is more exciting than head of hopper.
Yeah.
He's going to get married.
Would her first name be Elizabeth?
No no.
No.
I can't tell you because I have a nice getting married to Rod Stewart.
No.
I'm going to be a woman.
That's what I just said.
She's a lady.
I'm going to play it right now.
Are you?
You be ready?
I be ready man.
Okay.
All right.
And then the lord said, let there be light.
And lord, there was light from the same people who brought you the much beloved talking Bible.
Comes a new 10 volume set brilliantly updated for the 80s.
Yes it's the wrapping Bible.
That was dark everywhere.
Then the man said light and the light was there.
He said, I done good.
There's no doubt.
On the seventh day, he just chill out.
Genesis.
Genesis.
Beginning of that.
Beginning of this.
Finally, the good book is bad.
And he's worried.
He's not checking out.
There's a town called Sodom and Gomorrah.
Everybody party like no tomorrow.
God looked down, said, now my fault.
Don't look back or you turn to song.
That white sycopee started to freeze.
The cow came up and lit.
All the thong, all the peribos.
Every sacred biblical word interpreted by the finest sucker in seed of all time.
Genesis.
To the realm.
The wrapping Bible.
Making his word fresh again.
Boy is it really acting up out there or what though?
He is upset.
He is forming at the mouth about Sally Fitz.
That's what it is.
He is so upset with that channel seven coverage that he's starting to give it to us now.
Shame on you, Sally.
Old what's your name there to change your hairdo for the Pope?
The Lord is upset about that.
I don't know where you are folks, but if you're anywhere in this area,
man, it is thundering and lightning and it's unbelievable.
He's upset.
Maybe the Holy Father can say something to get the Lord off our backs, to kind of quell all this.
He's only going to be here in a little over two more hours.
It's right.
Not a ton of 130.
Just in time for the end of the show.
He came in yesterday to a clock right on the dot when the show ended there he came.
That was no coincidence.
By the way, we do have a actuality from our WYNZ news department.
We do have the first words spoken last night.
No, seriously, in the Holy Bedroom from Archbishop McCarthy to the Holy Father.
It's a good time for the great taste.
Oh, come on.
I can't believe that.
Okay, let's take a break.
It's 11.18 at WYNZ.
And of course, noodles was probably there checking it out.
What a bright pack.
The Lord even loves neo-ratchers.
And it is coming down.
Hey, man.
I'm gonna go out.
I'm gonna let myself get past the moon.
That's a good way.
It's raining, man.
Hallelujah.
It's raining, man.
Every step of man.
Oh, God, God can leave.
Well, you asked for a Holy Father.
And you're getting it.
It's unbelievable.
And it just sounds like he had the bowling for dollars.
I had a waltz of shake.
I'm expecting Fred Wolfe to start talking to you.
Second boy, championship bowling in heaven.
You don't watch bowling on TV.
I used to.
I don't think Fred Wolfe is with us anymore.
I'm not sure either.
Can you?
He was at WXYZ in Detroit.
I'm sure Joey Pinto could tell us.
It's possible to get into that, right?
Bowling on TV?
I mean, you can't get into it.
No, not when Chris Shankill is doing it.
No.
Well, it's tough to get into anything that Chris Shankill is doing.
Come with Nelson Burton Jr.
I mean, anybody named Nelson.
Okay, let's just.
Let's take another call here just to see if they're still holding on
during the thunderstorm.
Hello.
Good morning, you.
Boy, oh boy, are they all hard or what?
Are you doing?
Good.
All right, just hang out my living room and I got Mr. Pope on with the sound off.
And you on with the sound on.
Wow.
I highly recommend it.
Would you book up a little please, sir?
Hard to me.
Go ahead.
Played, it's raining all the boys the first time.
Those dancers were on.
They had dancers on.
Three gay men and four very questionable women.
And it started to rain up the time to play the song.
Wow.
Boy, oh boy.
They were doing weird things with ropes and stuff.
Yeah.
Well, that must have been that Pope on the rope thing, yeah.
Pat, Neil, the Pope's in green today.
Is he really?
Like a forest green dress.
Hmm.
That's beautiful.
Dashing.
That's just me showing.
I'm green with envy.
Just thinking about it.
And when you played the Bible rap.
I'm thinking of envy.
Where's that record?
Go ahead, sir.
When you played the Bible, rap.
Yeah.
Actually standing, reading out of the Bible.
Wow.
So, you know, you got it.
You got to try it to the other 79,000 people.
Well, I bet he'd be real impressed now.
This is the only show in town.
It's kind of doing like in sync with the Pope.
And they show the sky every once in a while.
Boy, does it look nasty?
Yeah.
Ooh, what a shame that is, huh?
Right, bad wonder.
And the father of O'Reilly will probably blame that on Bob Weaver.
They'll have to defrock or something, you know.
Hey, Neil Bird.
Have a good day.
Okay, you can.
But he said that's poor.
Pretty good now.
It's frightening.
I can't believe this.
You got all of that Southern bell cramp out of the building, finally.
We excommunicated Larry Mixin and our friends at Southern Bell.
They've been sent to purgatory.
And for anybody in the audience who's got Southern bell equipped and by the way,
you may not know it, but you're in purgatory too.
Wherever this is, what a wild date.
They'd brown.
It's just a light on the thing there.
Hello.
And it's in green, by the way.
The buttons are in green in honor of the Holy Father.
Yes.
Yes, a man that's found is coming to his spawns unbelievable.
I know.
Is it good or what?
It's fabulous.
I know.
It sounds almost like FM, like stereo.
Mendeffone shoved into my ear.
We're practicing the ear.
I've been trying to figure out why it's Jack Quartimer and talks on the radio at the same person
lately.
I mean, they look exactly alike.
Okay, I'm sorry.
What were you saying, sir?
Is that true?
Yes.
Is that the same person?
Absolutely.
Why is it I over my house?
What is he talking about?
Do you know?
What was the question?
Why is an IRA in my house?
IRA.
Yes.
IRA, who, Fistel?
Oh, yes.
The news is the Yitz.
The bird was supposed to answer that question.
What is this man talking about?
Do you understand anything interesting?
I don't understand the question at all.
If I am, I'm doing a show in Czechoslovakia or something now.
It's just called from South Florida.
I'm not saying it's a religious thing.
I'm watching the Pope and I've just been taken over and leaking and talking.
You have a religious thing.
Well, believe me, somebody from the Archdiocese will be right over here.
Take care of it for you.
25 past 11 at WYNZ.
We're still in the air, right?
How about the FM?
Is the FM off the air?
Oh, it doesn't make any difference.
Oh, okay.
Do you want to talk about Europe?
Well, see I led into that.
Yeah.
By the way, when you call, I'll just put you on hold in here and then that way Kyle can
monkey around with the FM up there and pretend that we care about the risks on here.
Well, it's true.
They got to take care of all the switches and the buttons and the lightening and the thunder.
I know.
Actually, what this whole storm is about is the FM.
You didn't realize that, but the Lord is punishing Zeta.
He's upset.
Yeah, he's been busy, but he just saw the book.
And...
Well, he just got around with it.
You know, he's been kind of busy.
And the wait till he sees the trends, boy.
He's going to really...
He'll be out...
Be very upset.
We might get a hurricane.
I don't want to get anybody panicky, but another couple of weeks, Hurricane Donald.
When you know who has time to hurricane who?
It's a good time for the great taste.
Oh, boy.
New trends will be out next week.
I start getting butterflies in my stomach just thinking about eating at that.
I know.
You know, how could anybody say that with a straight face?
Of course, where Donald's concern, straight face would be...
Come on.
I know.
I know.
You just made up...
Everything is wonderful again.
We love you guys.
In fact, I understand that Greg was a little bit jealous when he heard about that.
He said that on the air.
He said he was jealous.
But anyway, you don't want to promote that obscure FM show that you never have a show for,
and you're always dragging me in there to be on the show.
There's the second time you've only been doing it for about six weeks.
You cut some sound for me one week, which is during the Jorge Valdez thing,
which you're very nice.
And I did...
I wanted you to come in and sit in on it.
I've been wanting you to do that since I've been doing the show on Zeta.
And you were kind enough to come over and be my special guest last night.
It is a wild show.
I think it runs twice on Sunday.
I think 6.30 in the morning and then again at midnight.
And the order's...
Is that about cutting some sound for you?
No, come on.
Shame on you.
You were great.
What a tasteless before.
We didn't get anything done we were supposed to, but we had a great time.
We played your favorite record to let you pick out the theater.
My favorite records, but they were among the favorites.
I played them.
I played them.
I played music.
Yeah.
Wouldn't it be something if the FM was playing music like I picked out last night?
They might have somebody listening.
It was great.
It was great.
It was a good show.
Yeah.
Spine of you.
Uh huh.
Well.
And he comes on and uses the theme, the Leave It to Beaver theme.
That was so embarrassing.
I don't want to be horrified.
I picked that up.
It sounded great.
Yeah.
Did you like my line about Wally?
Take your clothes off.
That was a good line.
See?
Peter probably get up early Sunday morning to hear that.
It's on Sunday morning.
Hell, 630.
Peter about this show because why?
We didn't accomplish anything we were supposed to do, but it's great.
We talked about the Pope.
What is this we again?
It's not my show.
It's your show.
I went in there.
I had no idea what the hell you wanted me to do.
You said, pick out some music.
I picked out five good records.
I sat there and entertained your, uh, it's great.
Bain Allerius.
And you're in sipping behavior.
Come on.
Come on.
Well, come on.
But why would you say we didn't do what he wanted?
What is it that he wants?
What is that show supposed to be all about?
See now we've never been able to figure that out.
It's kind of like the old Kathy Westjo on Saturday morning.
Nobody had any idea what it was supposed to be.
Kind of the same.
Primarily the host.
Yeah.
It's sort of in the same genre as that show.
But she got tired of taking my crap, you know?
Well, something.
A word similar to the same thing.
Shame on you, Kathy.
Watch your mouth out with Chrisco.
Okay, let's, um, let's punch this up here like magic and see what happened.
But this is a lot of fun this way.
We don't have to say date or brown or that's kind of bushly.
To say hello.
And nothing happens.
See that's what I like.
Are you there?
Are you just pretending to be human?
Hello.
See, I told you there was somebody there.
I'll give up easy.
Oh, Neil, is this here?
This is me.
Hey, Neil, this was one of the people that showed up with the PWA last night for the rally.
Yeah.
And my question to you, and this is an all-earned, stay respectful.
Why do you malign us?
Because we go out there and we do something.
Why do I malign who?
The people with the rally.
I have a maligned anybody who went out to the rally.
The only person I maligned was Bob Kunst.
I didn't malign anybody else.
In fact, I offered yesterday or was it Wednesday?
I offered at the beginning of the show and I begged people to go out there and protest and demonstrate to call in and give information and encourage people to do it.
We never had one call.
You have one call.
Neil, you had me.
Yeah.
And you landed with me so bad.
What do you mean I had you?
I'm the one that called.
No, you didn't call to talk about any demonstration.
You're the one that called about Bob Kunst.
Right, but you...
I'm not going to talk to you again today.
Again, you see you're doing the same thing.
And this is what happens with Kunst.
He always becomes the issue.
Instead of talking about what people are doing out there and inviting people to come out and demonstrate,
you know, again, he wants to talk about Bob Kunst and that's the problem with him.
He's always got to be at the forefront, get all the media exposure.
This guy wasted, I don't know how many minutes the other day talking about how mean I am to Bob Kunst and why don't I give him a chance.
Instead of saying, hey, you know, we're going to be marching at this time.
We want people to come out.
We want whatever they're trying to accomplish.
And, you know, obviously there's an important, very important message here to be gotten across.
Nobody knows it better than I do.
But this guy, more interested in, you know, promoting Bob Kunst.
And it was...
Who was on our morning news blog?
Yeah, and got plenty of publicity.
This reminds me of Father O'Reilly, you know, who last night comes on and blames the media because nobody showed up last night,
because they give too much time to all these other things.
I mean, anybody who could sit with a straight face, if you pardon that expression, and, you know, suggest the media in this town,
hasn't given enough coverage to this circus that's been going on for the last two or three days.
I mean, how the hell could they do it?
The only people you maligned was the media for not covering the demonstration.
Exactly. Didn't I already say that this morning?
I literally talked about the fact that if you watched the first half hour of the news on Channel 4 last night, like I did,
you didn't see any of the demonstrations or any of the people with the negative view on this.
All you saw was the mutual admiration, the butt kissing routine that the media goes through, just like they did with Metro Real Man.
Oh, it's the most disgusting behavior anybody can imagine.
I'm not saying that, you know, Hammbrick or somebody's got to come on and say the Pope's a jerk,
but for Cry Now Loud, at least give a little balanced coverage instead of waiting to record it a midnight
when everybody's gone to bed and then, you know, giving 30 seconds to a few people like me and a handful of others
who are saying, hey, we got some problem with this guy.
Boy, just pathetic.
But I got news for you, pal.
If you want to call here again and give me a song of the dance about Bob Coon to be on just as long as you were this time,
for about three seconds.
If you want to say something constructive and deal with an issue and do something positive, great, I'm all for that.
But just don't learn, do that.
He doesn't want to learn.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
Okay.
I'm glad I got you when you went into your good mood.
In any case, I thought you'd get a kick out of this.
Two newscasters just now on TV.
One turns to the other, lightly, you know, because let's face it, this isn't the most serious issue of our time.
And says, my goodness, I wish the Pope would say a couple of words upstairs and cut off the weather.
But like you said, a few minutes ago.
Yeah.
The other one says very, very straight face.
Obviously, the crowd is being blessed with heavenly holy water.
Oh boy.
Okay, now what other thing to tell you that?
Well, in that case, the all to put away their umbrellas.
All you stupid idiots down there who are listening, put away those umbrellas.
Would you please?
Hey, because it's holy water.
Exactly.
Now, I must tell you, we have sunk to a new low.
Absolute truth, you can verify this story yourself.
I have to send a package out last night.
Federal Express.
I call Federal to see if that new office is open on the University of Pines.
You know, it's a little booze type thing.
Yeah.
And she says, sure, it's open and it's on it.
You have to be surprised to tell me it's on.
I go down there and I give the package to the girl and I hand her $11 and she says, I'm sorry, sir.
We don't take cash.
It happens, they don't take cash.
They'll take American Express, they'll take personal checks, they'll take company checks.
But it happens.
They don't take cash.
Well, it's part of that new, worldwide trilateral conspiracy, sir.
I think so.
And we may have John Broward on the next hour to expose it for us.
Well, listen, the show has been fabulous today.
Don't let that one dope get you down.
No, he doesn't listen.
He doesn't bother me in a least, but I gave him a chance of the day, give him more than enough time.
And all he wanted to do was give me a lecture on how come, you know, I'm a line Bob Kunst.
And as I said, you know, there's a very serious issue there that obviously ought to be addressed, but this guy doesn't want to do it.
Absolutely.
Okay, have a great year.
It's here, the album you've waited for.
John Paul, George and Ringo.
You say you want to pay for blessing.
Yeah, yeah, you know.
All right, everybody, come on for the payable tour.
Write this way, my children.
La la.
Come on to my payable tour.
La la.
Come on to my payable tour.
I am your John Paul.
I am the pontiff.
I am the walrus.
Coo-coo-coo-coo-choo.
Peer the pontiff saying all your payable favorites.
We're Sudge and Peppers, lonely cat lick band.
We hope you will enjoy my mass.
Don't waste your money on giving your friends various and sundry cheap payable chasties.
When you can give them John Paul, George and Ringo.
Sang out a tune.
Would you stand up and walk out on me?
John Paul, George and Ringo.
Order before midnight tonight and hear the special backwards message from the Pope.
Available only to good Catholics who have made a good act of contrition.
It's a good time for the great taste.
I would certainly agree with that.
It's 1136 at W.I.N.Z.
We're going to take a little break here.
Everybody's going to come down.
Take a deep breath.
Take a little inhale, little holy water.
In fact, all of us right now are going to go out under tower number two.
Open our mouths.
Like ducks.
Isn't it ducks?
Turkeys do that, don't they?
In fact, turkeys are so stupid.
They say that when it rains they go out and they open up their beak.
Which I don't want to mention.
Any names.
And they just drown from the rain water.
So I don't do that.
Just planning a little seed in your mind.
Here's 66.
The Bob Stokes, the Bob Stokes, the God even raised.
The Bob Stokes, the God even raised.
21 till noon at W.I.N.Z.
You're just inserting that as kind of like a rejoinger.
Part of our cycle cast.
Okay, let's take some more calls here.
What do you say we're doing so well?
We got a captive audience today because everybody except those lung kids who are running around in the rain getting baptized again.
You only need to get baptized once, right?
I'm not an expert on that stuff, but I would think once.
Once.
You just think off your pink your amulacose and you'll have to rain hitch on the head a little bit.
And boom, back it goes.
That's right.
Absolutely.
Of course you have to be careful because some people the hole in their head is right where the amulacose sits and a little water on the brain every now and then.
Okay, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, my on.
Yes, sir.
We really caught you off guard, didn't we?
Yeah, nobody.
That's right.
Listen, I just, a small comment really.
You get knocking down the Pope over time.
No, not us, sir.
We love the Holy Father.
Well, I don't know.
I feel that I used to agree with you in many things that the...
But not anymore.
Not since I told it like it is about this Neanderthal old fart.
Well, the way I look at it is this.
Yeah.
He preached his love.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, lots of love.
Right.
Lots and lots of love.
The way he condemns.
I mean, just a better group of people that's ever been invented, you know.
To take him on, on, let's say, theoretical grounds and then philosophical arguments.
But don't, don't lower to...
No, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Is this your show?
Are you calling from Portland, Maine?
No.
Well, what are you telling me?
Don't do this and don't do whatever the hell I want to.
Now, if you don't like it, you don't have to listen, right?
Yes, but I think you would, you would have a better impact if you don't like it.
I know you see you're doing the same thing.
You're looking at it.
You know, it reminds me of something that a very silly guy told me a couple of weeks ago.
If I were doing the show, I would do this.
And you know what I told him?
I said, I don't give a damn what you would do because you're not doing the show.
That's exactly what I told him before he went back to Maine.
And I'll tell you the same thing.
I don't care what you would do if you want to get your own show more power to him.
I'm sure you'd be great.
You've got a terrific voice.
I'll tell you one thing.
The effect you're causing with some people.
You're turning many people into Catholics.
Just like...
Oh, yeah, the statistics are incredible.
It's just unbelievable.
A number of people are becoming Catholics every minute.
It's just amazing.
They're jumping into showers and baptizing themselves.
They're going wild, yeah.
It's a natural reaction.
Well, more power to him, sir, than I'm doing a wonderful job for the Holy Father
because he loves making good Catholics.
So what are you complaining about?
The stage is of the joke.
And why are you listening to it?
Why, listen to you.
Nobody else seems to be upset about it.
We haven't had one complaint in the last two days from end that I know of.
It would be surprised how many people that really...
You're losing a lot of fans, let me tell you.
You know something?
The jokes.
You know something?
Adios.
Losing a lot of fans with my jokes.
In other words, these are the same kind of people.
As long as you pick on everybody else, then it's okay.
But as soon as it starts getting close to home...
Oh, boy.
We don't like you anymore.
You're a bad guy.
Well, you know, stick it where the Mondo and Shine fell.
That's all I can tell you.
I'll live without you.
I'm sure the guy hasn't been listening for 11 and a half years, right?
I live without him before and will somehow scrape by without him now.
And it'll be difficult.
It'll be clinical.
It'll be clinical.
That was a good call.
That was my favorite at the morning.
Okay, hello.
Hey, Neil.
You turned me into a Catholic.
Okay, bless you, my child.
Just put the money in a plate and we'll give you the address a little later.
I may not sound like him, but this is Louis Carroll.
Do you remember me?
Oh, yeah.
Through the looking glass, right?
I was like a standard in 19th century.
I used to hang out with kids.
Yeah, he used to hang out with Alice.
I know about you.
Hi, Alice.
And even Grace Lick and I hung out and she wrote a song about me in the 60s.
Yeah.
Good drugs together.
But I went to the Pope.
Now I know why that white rabbit comes around at Easter time.
Yeah, well, rabbits have some good qualities.
I know.
Like sex.
The Pope doesn't want anything to do with rabbits either.
No, he just wants humans to appropriate like rabbits.
Well, anyway, I was at the Pope visit yesterday and I had a little tribute here in Louis Carroll.
I was at the Carroll style to read to you guys to lighten things up a bit.
It's brief, I hope.
It's not one of these long, I'll iron.
Oh, I knew it pretty quick.
Now it's brief, okay?
It starts out that time has come.
The Pope did say to preach of many things.
I'd love and God in a lightning rod for folks not deserving of wings.
Spoke of faith, he talked of hope and rewards awaiting the meek.
Our IRS that their overstuffed best,
and Tally's a trinket to keep.
Haines' tone began to blab on a filthy old subject called sex.
Don't wear a glove when you're poking your love.
Those cute sperm will be breaking their necks.
Pretty heavy stuff.
Oh, yeah, I'll tell you.
Now that, I'm not going to go on and read it.
It's pretty bad.
Well, yeah, obviously, I think we just got right to the edge of the line, so to speak.
Now these pedophiles are, yeah, I sure do.
Well, listen, we'll be sending you two tickets to stand by me and, um,
little plastic Jesus for your dashboard.
Thank you.
Send me a picture of Stan.
And a picture of Stan Major and Jeff Striker together.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Thank you.
I left my cotton home my other smile and I was sad that I had problem.
And I said, look, I don't want to be pushy, but if you don't have the tire about a half an hour,
I'll have to call one of the boys.
I said, look, we don't want to start any trouble.
We know what Kudio and Strachee and all the guys in Brooklyn were connected with all the friends of the family.
I said, okay.
This guy with a dress, I mean, what the hell happened to all these machu Italians,
these Sicilians, uh, getting on their hands and knees,
a guy with a green dress, what the, kind of a goyish of cop is this guy.
Okay, that's enough of that.
Beerusing, and that guy's going to get upset that called moments ago.
Got to get something about the FM.
I do want to say this boy, do even bad voices sound good on the FM.
You can believe I'm like yours.
No, it's true. You sit back there with a headphones in.
You could believe her.
Of course, all of the equipment in the building is on the FM.
Right.
We might even sound good up.
Well, I might sound good.
In this end of the building, if we had that equipment,
you would have got some stuff back there.
You believe it.
Heavy duty stuff.
How good it sounds.
Oh, listen, boy.
Yeah.
Playing all that good stuff on compact disc, even Martha in the Vandela's siding sounded like they never left the West Grand Boulevard in Detroit.
I mean, it was frightening.
See, when we listened to, we played Dancing in the Streets.
And when you and I were growing up, we listened to that on AM.
Of course, if you would have played that, you would have played it by KC and the Sunshine Band.
There he is.
Didn't he do that?
He did that with some girl.
KC did Dancing in the Streets.
Oh, yeah.
Trust me.
My dear Tanner was the only one in America who played it.
It was, come on, my dear.
Get serious.
Well, Bill has a soft spot in his heart for a hairy KC.
I know.
Oh, was that, was that a, what a class act, please do it.
Is that incredible?
Well, you know.
Okay, let's take another call.
I'm going to be listening to that, you know.
I'm going to get an early Sunday morning.
Wow.
And listen to that, 630 Sunday morning, and then again at midnight.
Yeah.
Twice.
Well, this one may not play twice.
Yeah, it may not play twice.
Maybe it was because Peter hears about it.
No, there was nothing wrong with it.
No.
Just because I ripped his head a little bit.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
Listen, this is Joe Zock and what do you say we go swimming in the intercostal this afternoon?
Seriously though, that paper mystery tour that was Irving Paychex's little brother.
I remember.
I got a real success in the mirror.
Oh, seriously?
Irving Paychex.
Yeah.
Irving Paychex.
I thought that was his little brother.
I remember.
He's there.
He's there.
That's all in the mystery tour.
Okay, next one.
Yeah.
Out of way, Neil, I'm the local representative for the Broward County Chapel of Neelanon.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, like us who are addicted to your show.
Yeah.
What we're trying to do is get together in groups therapy sessions, you know, similar to junkies
where they put them on methadone.
Yeah.
I do is get my little stand major, you know, a little better.
There's one guy in town who definitely is addicted to the show and needs your help.
He's first on the list on the waiting list.
Well, we've got a 1-800 number, just dial 1-800-ali Shibba.
Yeah.
Alishidi.
Well, line you up.
Yeah.
But they don't want to make you a name.
We'll bring him along slowly.
We could.
The stand major, till they get caught.
Oh, I might give a little hint as to it.
It's a good time for the great teacher.
Yeah, he's number one on the waiting list.
He is obsessed.
We kind of bring him along with a little bill in the quag.
Until they kind of bow to him.
Early ready.
We'll give him some Bruce Williams.
Yeah.
And maybe a little Sally Jessie on the side.
Once they get to that stage, they're basically ready and then we can give him just a little bit of ass down to bring him back into the room.
A little Joey Reynolds, baby.
Yeah.
What do you think of the big crowds at the parade last night?
I thought it was sensational.
And the interesting part of it is if the media hadn't been there, it would have been a shutout.
It would have been a command performance.
Friend Bishop, of course, was hawking the crowds, although she wasn't doing too well.
I must admit, I did watch a few moments to see what was happening.
I'll tell you one thing, boy, she may not always do the news right, but she can drive a truck.
It's unbelievable.
She can weave through traffic on real.
I like to learn about her boxer shorts, you know.
Yeah, that was good.
Well, meanwhile, you got me a cardamom from Molly Turner, by the way.
I can't do any work.
A friend of mine, we were heading for golfing one day when you were doing your holiday all thing.
And I've been hooked ever since.
So I thought I'd start the group and we'd get some people off so they could get back to work.
Okay, well, I'll tell you, after noodles, Ricky Tickey will be over.
Two of them might come together.
They used to work together.
So, maybe you can give them a package deal, okay?
I do have a request.
Okay, I'm sure that I knew this was coming.
I do need to hear badly, Ross, to do.
From my friend, Space Man, he's got to hear it.
For your friend, who?
Space Man.
I don't want to reveal his real name, Steve Burman, but, you know.
Oh, I thought you man.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, Space Man, okay.
Well, we'll see what we can do for you.
Nice afternoon.
Okay, you too.
Just when you thought crap goal records couldn't possibly be more tasteless.
I'm a bomb, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a threesome, a
There are young groups who want to nest and win awards
Yes, Crapco Records proudly presents the all-time greatest hits of Nashville.
Those not Miami Mood.
To order Nashville hits, dial one and hundred.
A hootspah.
Dr. Irving Pichek, because he's...
God, those not Miami Moods.
By the way, the rumor is, the Pope can say hootspah, so what is that done?
Can he, really?
You know, he started reading that speech last night with kind of a funny accent.
And I said, well, I'm a little more...
Seriously, did you see that? It was incredible.
And he was oblivious.
I mean, those poor priests, they got up there and they said, you know, we're tired.
We've been working all these altar boys and we're worn out.
And he was oblivious.
He just ignored everything they said.
And he got up there and they made a speech.
Seriously, his accent became almost comical.
Almost.
Well, yeah.
It was right on the borderline.
Anyway, I think we better...
We be taking a break here is what we be going to do.
It's eight minutes till noon at WINZ.
We'll come right back.
I know, many foreigners win.
I know, my voice is like a Hawaiian sing.
It's the new Roger Show.
As he sang...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...a...
...a...
I just want a cowboy to ride me home.
I just want a cowboy who's written the sea in the wrong.
I just want a cowboy who's gold-weighted, so...
...yeah, I just want a cowboy named John Paul the Pope.
The
Men of one day in the crack-out suit...
...they could happen.
They last stood up here from a clear cross-steroom.
It's that I hate.
Little watch-gears supposed to kiss my ring.
I said if I want to see your bathtub, I'll learn how to sing.
He's been my main man, I'd be his blue nun.
He teached me how to kiss the ground.
I teach him how to dot some of guns.
I just want a cowboy to my can't confirm.
Yeah, I just want a cowboy in a long white silky dress.
I know that before you can love a new actress.
And speaking of that, we have a rumor just in from the WINZ Rumor Mel.
First one in a long time, by the way.
First one today.
And it says Rick Stacey has jumped ship at Y100 and gone to Atlanta.
Yeah, there were heavy rumors about that.
Who the hell is Rick Stacey?
PD at Y100.
No.
Yeah.
What?
Are you serious?
Okay, let's take a call here before we have to end the hour prematurely.
Hello.
Hi, I'm Neil.
Hi.
I don't know if you heard or not, but the Polkhead did it with Ron and Nancy Reagan last night.
Wow.
What a trifecta.
Yeah, they served a Polish sausage and two vegetables.
That's good.
That's very good.
The way Rick and Sput's over there at WANKEYFM were playing the Vatican rag this morning.
Oh no.
Are you serious?
That's original.
Boy, that's almost as original as Joey playing the I-95 asshole record.
That's great.
But he played Joey played high-pokes morning too.
Yeah, but he had that first.
Yeah.
He had it first.
That's right.
Well, he was about to...
Yeah, good job.
Good job.
Good to see you.
Okay.
And Shabbat Shalom.
Okay.
Why is this?
Yeah, Joey played it first.
I played it first.
I played it first.
I played it first.
I played it first.
I played it first.
I played it first.
So you figure out the arithmetic.
Now we don't want to pick on Joey because he's had a checkered career and he was kind of like the underling up at NBC.
He was like the peon.
Was he?
That was a terrible thing that Howard Stern did to...
I'mist, by the way.
Disgusting tacky.
See, Howard Stern isn't just like biting and funny.
Howard Stern's nasty.
Personally, he's a douchebag, you know, basically.
Unlike you.
It's kind of like Tom Likes basically.
That's a great similarity.
In fact, I think probably in this jockey purgatory, the two of them will team up together.
Okay, well that's going to do it.
Right at time, we have a little premature elimination here on this show.
We have to get out of here, make way.
And after my golf gets you up to date with all the pontifical goings on,
then we have CBS News at noon minus the McLaughlin Pivens fun.
Good morning from the 94 Newsroom.
Pope John Paul II, celebrating Mass for nearly 250,000 people at last count
in a rain soak park in Southwest Day today.
He spoke about crime, corruption and contraception.
Standing by at the Wins Press Center right now is Wins Reporter Frank Motek.
Yes, the pontif right now is delivering that mass to the huge, sometimes hysterical crowd.
Earlier at Wave Cuban people and American flags in that light rain
as the Pope drove through the crowd in his Pope mobile.
And then a thousand voice choir in 60 p. symphony began performing church music
as the mightered pontiff made his way to the...
Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaca
and a chain of radio stations.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi honey, how was your day?
Unbelievable.
Terminal!
There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there.
Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease.
Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet?
But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald.
Oh no, that's a cop out.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to L-Herald, sir.
Huh?
People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue-haired old bags from fembroke pines.
You know, the Yenfans who say, all Neil, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around stealing sweet and low.
Can I get you anything?
How about those bag boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look.
I'm incredible.
Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic.
Please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night.
You know what that means.
Hey, you know what I got a night?
A night!
What's Lephalor got?
Three points, something?
Send your tax deductible contributions today in Carav hot 105.
Terminal!
Unbelievable.
It's a good time for the great taste.
Neil, this is Noodles.
Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
Okay.
Thanks so much.
Well, listen, you forget if you don't get these constant reminders.
You look at that, the Pope and Dwight Lauderdale together in Sturgeon.
Oh, oh, we need his end bishop to fill up the whole screen.
We're in the night.
Okay, that's enough of all that stuff.
If we don't stop, you'll start talking about Ruror Phoenix again.
And all of our audience will start doing cartwheels.
What is the big deal?
Well, somebody tell me Sally was just asking me about that.
About River?
Who the hell is...
What is River Phoenix?
First of all, what kind of a name is that?
You would...
River Phoenix.
You would name a kid River?
Oh, sure, all the time.
River Schwartz.
You know, no one will.
The papal mass has been cut short because of a lightning storm moving through the area.
Archbishop McCarthy made the announcement of the crowd who were obviously very unhappy.
Probably.
You know who's going to get blamed for it, don't you?
No question about it.
And I take full responsibility.
You're a fault.
I, as a matter of fact, it was just a rumor about my getting the tire.
No, seriously, I had my little electrical kid that Mr. Wizard set me when I was little kid.
And I was out there rubbing all kinds of stones and sticks and, you know, doing little Indian rain dance.
You know, it's rough on me when you were on vacation because I got blamed for everything.
So, so glad you came back.
In that case, it was right.
Oh, look at that.
There's Reverend Cunningham.
Isn't that exciting?
Boy, oh boy.
Is there anything else going on in the world or is it?
You know?
It's all kinds of things going on in the world.
Boy, you know, I was watching the tennis last night.
They don't, they don't even know this is happening.
Yeah.
They tennis went on like usual last night.
It was great, you know.
Although I do hear that that one Swedish kid used to be an altar boy.
What is his name?
I'm a mature.
I think you're right.
Oh boy.
By the way, I want to thank whoever.
Uh oh.
Yeah, it's an accurate message.
You were only blamed for one thing, ruining the show while I was on the cake.
And of course, in that case, can there be any doubt?
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
When is Diaz?
It's great watching TV.
We're watching TV.
We're watching the same thing.
You know, listen to the same show.
Well, sure, shall I'm listening.
Yeah, I'm listening to mine too right now.
So I don't know if they are making too big of a deal.
What's that?
Cancel it?
Yeah, I guess they cut it short.
So to speak.
And anything in this power to like, you know, to just, you know, just cut out the ring.
Just right now.
Yeah, exactly.
If he's so powerful, I'll come here and raise his, uh, miter or his meter as Judy Muller said on CBS.
I almost forgot about that.
But I thank you for bringing me back to reality.
His green meter.
I guess he's going around for F.P.N.L.
Reading meters or something.
Can you believe she said that?
I'm in Utah.
Here she's doing news on CBS from coast to coast.
And she called it a meter.
I guess if it was Pope Peter, it would have been a Peter meter.
Shame on you, Judy.
Shame on you.
I guess it had to be monstie and his party didn't want to show off and finish so many people.
Evidently, yeah.
Didn't want to do one of those magical acts.
If it would have been oral robber, it's then we would have had a different story.
The dumbest thing.
Oral would have just let you'd want to finger to the sky, boy.
And it would have been all over with.
You know what he might have did after that.
This is too long.
Is that on current?
Is that you're doing that?
That's why they cut it short because it was too long.
Can you control yourself, please?
You sound like you're going to give birth.
You sound like you're going to have a baby any second.
And what's that posting in the...
I got news for you.
It's a very painful experience I am told.
Well, that's good.
Oh, wait a minute.
Is this Mark?
Is this Mark?
No, when is Mike?
Mike.
Yeah.
Well, that was the bird.
I think this is Mark.
He's not like Mark.
He says you sound like that Mark that's supposed to come.
The heavy kid, the fat kid.
Why don't you say fat?
The fat kid, Mark.
Are you fat?
Am I fat?
Yeah, a little.
Well, what do you mean a little, like what?
About 200 pounds overweight?
How much?
At least 30 pounds.
Oh, that's not bad.
Oh, okay.
We can get that off with a skin graft.
So consider that fat because I don't know.
This is too much.
What?
You think this is?
Mm-hmm.
Tell us just like him.
You do better than they call coming from.
Is this from date or broard?
Is this right?
Date.
It's not even from broard.
You know, bird brain?
Talking about.
I'm talking about this idiot over here that just keeps, you know.
For the bird?
He's becoming his expertise is just expanding by the moment.
He just a maven.
A raven maven.
For the bird?
Yeah.
I hate that guy.
I don't blame you.
He's developing rapidly a core of hate mongers.
Oh, not that bad.
He's not that bad.
We don't hate him that bad.
It's just a friendly hate.
Okay, well listen, it's been a lot of fun, but you know.
I know, it's just too long.
Our baby sitting service can only last for so long.
And then you got to go, how come you're not, what are you doing today?
What am I doing today?
It's my day off work because I decided not to go to work.
Oh yeah, good idea.
Good thinking.
I was thinking about that.
Okay, have a wonderful time.
All right, and take what is it?
The bird and tell them to come to baby sitting service.
He's going to have to pay next $50.
Okay.
I'll tell Stamie said that.
Mike Wolf once, a little comment here, to chat with Jeff and all of our boys down there at Tammy M.E. Park.
Just let everybody know what's going on.
The weather is turning extremely bad down there.
And I spoke with Jeff just a second ago.
And he told me there were a few more lightning hits, very, very close to the people standing out there.
So they decided rather than leave the crowd out in the open, they're going to end it right now and send everyone home rather than having them stand in the open field.
But he had to, well, I don't understand, is couldn't they have given those people if, if, having forbid, something bad happening.
We had a lot of guys around to give them the last rights right on the spot.
Well, let's find out right now from Jeff Ray.
He's live down at Tammy M.E. Park. Jeff, what's going on?
Well, Jeff will answer my question a little later on about the lightning.
1215 at W.I. and Z.
And you know, what can I say?
We do have also this actuality Frank Motek called in a little while ago.
The Holy Father was disappointed, obviously, that they had to cut the whole man short and did have this comment.
I have this coach and been coach and boss and cool.
Okay. Thank you.
Sounds like it.
Yeah. It does sound exactly like the way he was speaking last night.
Maybe he had a little dinner at the Delhi.
Okay. Maybe they took him to the Rascal House.
Maybe that's why he sounded a little up.
Well, you know, if you wear a Yarmulke long enough, sooner or later something's got to rub off.
Okay. Let's take another call here and see if there's somebody alive on the line. Hello?
Like I told you, there's somebody on here. I'm positive. Hello.
Colonial.
Yeah. See, I told you. I just got to wake these people up.
Yeah. I like to speak with Nail.
You're speaking to him, sir.
Is this the famous Neil Rogers?
No, this is the less famous Neil Rogers.
Well, listen, I just want to ask you a quick question.
I'd like to know why you're not something.
Why you don't have any idea what you're talking about?
Oh, boy.
Here's Mr. Humor on the phone.
Here we go again, sir.
We'll get it out of your system.
All right. What is your problem?
What are you upset about?
I feel you're an intelligent human being on the ass of so many years.
But.
All right. But I happen to be a professional borrower.
Can you start at a knock-up, Merle?
I love bowling.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
You're going to have a brawl here about bowling?
I like bowling.
I enjoy bowling, okay?
All right. Mr. Chris Shanko has been on the air for quite a while.
Too long. Too long. He's terrible.
He's horrible.
All right.
The last famous thing that he did when he was doing the New York football giants in 1956.
And he said he faked him out of his jockstrap.
And then he paused for five seconds, realizing what he had said and said,
yeah, he faked him out of his shoes.
And that was the most f- that's a true story.
I saw it with my own three eyes, okay, when I was a kid.
That's a true story.
That's the last famous thing that Chris Shanko has done.
Well, he's broken.
He's gone to sport a professional bowling over the year on ABC for many, many years.
Great. I'm so sorry. Chris, I take it all back.
He's great. The guy who's actually a professional bowler.
I earned my living a professional bowler.
And I know Nelson Burton very well.
Nelson Burton's an excellent analyst and a good bowler.
He's a great bowler.
Anybody named him?
Well, you don't have a sense of humor, sir.
The reason I said it is because my first name is Nelson.
Okay, it was a little self-deprecating shot.
It was a joke.
Okay.
And you're sitting out there so uptight.
You know what the problem is, you've had your fingers in those holes for too many years.
And you're all uptight about a relaxed.
Take a deep breath.
It was just a joke.
Is it a joke?
You're inviting to another victory, dinner, but since you feel that I should keep the fingers in my...
Did I say that?
Did I say that?
This guy is so uptight over bowling.
Any co-olict is rolling in his grave, listening to this conversation, okay?
Buddy Bomaer is rolling in his grave.
Freddie Wolf from WXYZ and Detroit.
And Wolf from Championship Bowl.
Exactly.
My favorite.
Are you with your favorite?
I love Freddie Wolf.
Oh, you did.
He used to be a disjockey at WXYZ and Detroit.
Yes, I remember that.
He was on channel 9 in New York with Championship Bowl.
There you go.
But I think that was...
That was way before your time.
No, it wasn't way before my time with Buddy Bomaer in BuzzFazio and Thurmond Gibson and Eddie Koalik.
You didn't know that I had this incredible knowledge of bowling.
Exactly.
See?
Have a good day.
Are you calm down now?
Are you pacified?
I'm calm.
How about you?
I don't think you're calm.
You started screaming at me.
I never said...
All I can say is stiller.
Yes, I'm here.
Okay.
I hope you make the 7-10 next time it comes up.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Good luck to you.
I'm glad to see you.
I've never heard anyone upset about bowling.
I thought this guy was going to be upset about the pulp, about something we did today.
He's upset about the Chris Shanko.
Chris Shanko.
Oh, boy.
Wow.
Holy Toledo.
Don't worry about something that matters.
You know?
She is.
They say an Akron Holy Toledo.
1219 at WYNC.
We're going to be putting in a call to Toledo in a little bit.
Let's take a break and see if we can recover on the...
We're going to be shooting the 4-10 right after this.
Don't they?
They're out there.
Poor boy.
Oh boy.
They don't waste any time.
That guy with a bowling, man.
That was the most incredible.
Historical.
And he didn't realize I know quite a bit about bowling.
I used to bowl him two leagues.
Right.
And I mentioned the 4-10 split.
I made Chris.
I'm a left-hander, but I've made the 4-10 split a few times, which is...
You know?
How come you don't bowl him?
Of course, when you're bowling 52.
No, I used to have it 186, 185.
No, bowl on the station team.
No, because I...
In one game, I would do more than all of them put together.
So it would be a little embarrassing even though I haven't bowled in a couple of years.
But once you've got the touch, once you pick up that ball,
Max Headroom broke 100 last week.
Did he really?
Boy.
What was that?
IQ.
That was a collective IQ of the people watching.
And of course, you were watching.
You were one or two points, so was that right?
But now the guy thinks I'm talking about things I don't know about.
I happen to know quite...
Look at all the names of the bowlers that I rattled off there without even thinking about it.
That's right.
And we put in a call during the break to try to smooth things out a little bit Don Carter down there in Kendall at Don Carter Lane's,
who had this to say about the show.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Well, I probably wasn't Don. That was his wife.
What is her name?
Miss also of her.
No, well, no.
She's a very accomplished board.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
Oh, yeah.
You are so shameless.
Not to mention an airhead, but so shameless.
How can you say that about me?
You say those things like, oh, sure, I knew that all along.
And you haven't got, like yesterday, I mentioned some baseball player.
I mean, you wouldn't know Kevin Mitchell from Martha Mitchell.
That's what you know about baseball.
Wow.
Okay. Let's qualify this statement.
I'm an airhead when it comes to sports.
Now I'll agree with you there.
I don't know anything about sports.
Lost.
Okay.
But I think you should qualify your statement.
And what's the reason for that?
Is there any special reason you had to know anything about sports?
I mean, if I didn't know anything about sports,
that might not surprise anybody in the audience.
Isn't it weird?
Because I'm supposed to be the only person to do that.
I know. Isn't it weird?
And here I am.
Some human sports bore me.
Bore me to tears.
They do.
I cannot watch football.
I know it's weird.
I know it's un-American.
I'm not a communist.
I'm not a Nazi.
But I still don't watch football.
That's why when I sat here and said Jim Langer was the center for the Miami Dolphins.
I don't know.
Anybody come to my rescue over there?
You're in an area I'm lost.
Although Jim Langer may have to be at the center because now that Dwight Stevenson is injured.
And you know all about that, of course.
But Dwight Stevenson's injury.
I...
And John Offerdog.
You know all of these people, right?
I read some...
Yeah.
He looks like the Joker in Batman.
He's got those lips, you know?
And that's like...
He's a Romero when he played the Joker in Batman.
Right.
I do watch T-DOS.
Without the white face, I'm serious.
He's got those strangest lips.
But he's a great quarterback.
We love Dan Moreno.
Even if he does have the Zara lips.
Right?
Right.
I know AJ Dewey.
Oh yeah.
He's...
He's having a hell of a...
He's having a...
Boy, oh boy.
How about Earl Morrell?
He's having a big year.
Oh, Earl.
I know, Earl.
So I know a few things.
Not much.
I watched...
I saw a thing with AJ Dewey.
He was in some movie.
He's acting now.
There was a thing with AJ.
You remember that?
No, not that kind of a movie, Sally.
She's got a one-track mind, you know?
Not that kind.
Although that might be interesting.
I'm saying.
That could be pretty interesting.
There'd be a lot of...
Dolph fanatics would pay a lot of money to see that.
But not AJ.
He's a good guy.
And Rick Weaver would be first in line.
But that's another story.
For another day.
Yeah, Rick was first in line at the concession stand
where they had the Pope soap on a rope, I understand.
But unfortunately, they were all sold out already.
That was the excuse.
That's why he came away empty handed.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes.
This is me?
Yeah.
I have got this record here.
I would like you to listen to it.
You know what it's called?
What?
Rise in your Levi's.
What is it called?
Rise in your Levi's.
Rise in your Levi's?
No sir, we don't do that kind of stuff on this show.
Call Joey Reynolds tomorrow morning.
He's not on tomorrow morning, is he?
No.
Probably not.
Sure he doesn't work.
Because nobody works six days in this market except a couple of us who just...
A couple of us peons.
Hello?
Now nobody on that one.
Well, we're starting to get a few impatient birds on the phone here now
just because it's the new hour.
And just because the rain made everybody go buy-by down a Temmie-Mee park is no excuse.
Wait a minute.
What has said?
We also have one Broward line not lit there too.
I just noticed that for the first time.
And it hurt beyond my ability to describe it to you.
Where are the Broward?
Can't I believe that?
Where are the Broward?
Next thing you know, they're going to want us to give the number out.
There we go.
Are you really there?
Hello?
Now see the hangout there.
See now that's not going to work.
If they call and hang up and I put them on hold it just ties the line up.
Shame on you, sir.
Hello?
Neil.
Yeah.
When they're going to be having just a Jackson down here.
That'd be the Black Poe.
That'd be the Black Poe.
Neil.
Hello, Neil.
Listen to one of those rap guys.
You know, it's like a rap on the knuckles is what he wants.
What the hell do you want, sir?
Why don't you talk like a real human being and cut the garbage?
Why don't they be taking...
Why don't you be a real human being, sir?
Why don't they have Jessica?
We're going to have the Pope disconnect your meter if you don't be nice to us.
I don't understand why the Pope be catered all these Cuban.
Because those are the only Catholics left in Dave County, sir.
In fact, those are the only people left in Dave County.
Yeah, but you would think that they would be Dave DeGa, way from now on.
Yeah, I know.
There was a great line, by the way, on the cover yesterday.
I think it was on radio.
I had to be on radio.
Maybe it was on the station.
It was on the CBS coverage in the six o'clock hour.
Somebody made a very interesting point.
They were talking about the throng that was gathering.
Of course, there were only like 50 people, I guess.
But they made a very interesting observation that there were no American flags visible anywhere.
They were all the only flag they saw was the Cuban flag.
They were all over the place.
And she said it's been very interesting, but we haven't seen any sign of an American flag.
And of course, my immediate response was, you know, welcome to Miami.
I called them a spec.
No.
Why would you want to see an American flag in a foreign country?
It would be a little out of place.
Hello.
How you doing now?
Okay.
What's going on?
Kind of a question is that.
I'm on Matt's day like today when the skies are unloading.
Yeah, the Pope's got toop done.
Come on, sir.
Clean up your act.
Hey, come on, this is Bobby.
Hey, how you doing?
Bobby.
Yeah.
Shame on you for saying such sacrilegious things.
Oh, my God.
So it's going on.
How you gonna call us, this Bobby?
What do you mean, what's going on?
To Neil, you know where you got insulted this morning.
By what?
I'm Joey Reynolds, show.
Oh, my favorite.
What did Joey Pinto have to say this morning, Bobby?
He had this thing on his show.
He goes, well, I got the envelope here and the answer is,
John Paul II, Neil Rogers, and Joey Reynolds.
What's the answer?
What's the question?
And he goes, name a Pope, a dope, and a hope.
Oh, that's cute.
Very good.
So I was going to start giving all that information on the airy shoe size.
Yeah, I know.
I mean, they can hide.
What do you want?
The guy's only 20 years old.
You know what?
Once he grows up, this guy, before he was even a fetus,
he was doing, he was on the air in Buffalo with a hippos.
He had a 60-share on WKBW in Buffalo.
He wasn't even born yet, so it's incredible.
Unbelievable.
You imagine what he's going to do now that he's alive.
You found the fountain of Utah?
Yeah, evidently.
Somewhere.
Well, a Pope was here looking for the fountain of youth
and he wound up sleeping with the archbishop.
So what does that tell you?
It's too long.
Things don't always work out the way you expect.
It's too long.
So how's your girlfriend?
Bobby, stop over these personal elements.
Would you please?
You noticed before he came in this building,
he was fairly relatively normal.
I know.
And whatever it is that you did with him while I was out, exactly.
I was a normal human being before I walked in there.
Until the bird got you under his wing.
It's alright, he's a nice guy.
Yeah, a little too cozy, though, from what I heard.
Hey, guy, great guy.
Yeah.
One of the million.
How much do you pay to say this?
Too long.
Anyway.
You see where it's my day.
I know where it's my day.
So how's your girlfriend doing, Bobby?
The only thing you ever think is good.
I moved out of my house, told everybody that it's good to have.
Great.
My kind of, um, maniac, yeah.
Alright, and, uh, we're pretty much doing our own thing now.
Wow.
And, uh, you know, if they want to go along with what we have to say,
what we want to do, then...
Oh, wait a minute.
They're all the altar boys around right now.
Look at that.
And look at that.
The Pope is praying for one of them.
I can't believe it.
Oh, boy.
You had his hands clashed together.
Oh, that's...
What is that?
Is this just on a tape?
Yeah.
Oh, this is a file tape.
I was very concerned for that one blonde altar boy on the end, boy.
Can I see that the Pope kissing those little girls when he walked off the parade?
Well, they have nothing to worry about.
Oh, yeah.
I wouldn't be too sure of that.
Really?
Yeah.
You can mean...
Come on.
All these, uh, priests over here complaining about being celebrated and everything.
They're complaining about that?
Uh, uh, didn't you hear that yesterday on the...
on the...
two, they were asking questions, you know, if that's okay and Nick Roman should be, you know,
could become priests for everything?
Either that, I mean, I was...
That's what I heard they were talking about.
I was at work, I could include them.
Each time I see a little girl, or five or six or seven,
I can't resist a joyous feeling to smile and say,
Tha'kevin, for little girls.
That's what they were singing about.
For little girls get bigger every day.
Okay, that was it.
Uh, that's all right.
I know.
A laugh riot.
Just like, uh, in the boys in the band that was, uh, great line in their laugh riot.
Of course, you saw the boys in the band, didn't you, Bobby?
Um, uh, I don't think so.
Good.
Well, let's just keep it that way.
It's too long.
Uh, uh, uh.
No, it's not one of those movies we would recommend for mixed company.
Oh, no?
No.
Go ahead.
Anyway, so, how's life?
Just great, Bobby, and this conversation is probably going to bring this show to, uh,
new lows.
All right.
What do you guys ever need any taxidows?
Give me a call.
Why are you peddling him?
All right.
No, man.
I want to take you to the store.
Isn't that what I just asked?
I said, are you peddling them?
No, I work at a taxidow store.
And very good, Bobby.
With that attitude, you ought to, uh, you know, sell at least one or two in the next ten years.
It's great, uh, just sitting here all day, listening to you, looking to mirror.
Yeah, do no work, right?
Just looking to mirror and admire your, uh, whatever it is.
Yeah, whatever it is.
And say to yourself, it's a good time for the great taste.
And that's it.
That's all there is.
Well, listen, have a great day.
It's too long.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Oh, oh, boy.
It's all you kept saying.
That's fine.
It's mine.
I don't want to.
I don't think we want to know what it is.
At least I don't.
Yes, you do.
No, I don't.
Now, we're going to be talking about E-Mac and Rollio's ice cream when we come back following this break.
No, we're not.
Rollio's E-Macs.
Now, Stan tells me, was it while you were working that somebody allegedly Brian's father called in?
That was a person that called you.
Yeah, Brian's father called me and it didn't sound like a Brian's father to me.
Yeah, he called me and you hang up on everybody.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
I have it on very good authority and said that he wanted to, uh, son wanted to be a model.
Brian wanted to be a model.
That's what the guy told me and, uh, and wanted to know if you had any, uh, connections.
I'm not going to make connections.
That's what I told him.
Stan gave him some good advice though, I think.
Yeah, what was that?
Stay away from Neil.
Okay, 25 before 1 at WINZ.
We're going to do a little break and when we come back, hopefully the quality of these calls is going to increase dramatically.
I mean, like, by a 200 percent.
You mentioned Art the Booshback Carlson because, um, yesterday at two o'clock when Channel 10 was doing their 85 hour coverage of the arrival of a plane with a Pope.
The, uh, people plane, whatever the hell they called it.
Shepard.
Isn't it Shepard 1?
Shepard 1.
I think that's a name of it.
Shlepper 1?
Yeah.
Well, anyway, as Shlepper 1 was touching down, Art Carlson was on camera.
He was saying, I know I'm supposed to be an objective news reporter, but I must confess.
Uh, I have goose bumps.
Wow.
I mean, is that pathetic or what?
Is that pathetic or what?
I can't believe it.
I mean, if Kurt Waldheim were landing, you know, at Miami International before they shot the plane down.
Would, you know, would Art Carlson say, I must confess I have goose bumps.
Or if, um, Margaret Thatcher were landing.
Of course you might get goose bumps from looking at her, but especially Art, you know, I mean, what a, what a jerk.
What the, the news people in this town, man, on television, they have shown themselves for the true
shills and douchebags that they are.
They just, they have, they can't control themselves.
What are they going to do next week?
They're going to go through the most incredible withdrawals.
Yeah.
Well, they'll be doing, uh, Donna Rice and, um, Michael Jackson.
I don't know, um, no apology, apology jeans, right?
No, it's not no apology.
No excuses.
No excuses.
Yeah.
Well, these guys in the media, they got no excuses.
I'll tell you that.
Hello.
Are you there?
No, they're not there.
There's nobody on that line.
They can't, you know, they just stick around for a minute or two.
Go out to get their corn beef sandwich and they're gone.
It's forever.
Hello.
Now, there's nobody on that one either.
We can have like seven of these in a row.
You do realize that, don't you?
If they were both powered.
Hello.
Now, uh, oh, oh, oh, that one either.
Three in a row.
Three in a row.
Let's go for four.
All of Brown was just hung up during that break.
That wasn't such a long row.
No.
Well, screw Brown, we might give up on Brown, all together today.
Yes, we're scored with me.
What?
It's scored with me, uh.
Well, we don't want to get into that, sir.
They didn't get a chance to take up a collection.
This is very, very bad.
I know.
250,000 people.
That's a big house.
Well, I got news for you.
I know, you know, they have the area cordoned off,
and no one will be allowed to leave until they...
Without a joke, they pop up a little something.
That's right.
Well, this is the Gai reporting.
I was there yesterday at the curates now rally.
I was one of the seven people there that showed up.
A lot of the fellows left immediately when they found out
it wasn't Carol Channing.
That's what it was.
Yeah, or Betty Davis.
No, this is Carol the Pope.
Oh.
All right.
The manhole cover where we were standing
with all the security.
Believe me, there was more security and more ego
and more reported banging into each other
than there was...
Are you sure this is not senior wash?
Ha ha ha ha.
Two dogs.
There was a little black pit dog and a French poodle
were running up and down south Bay Shore Drive
in front of all of this,
where everything was sealed off and cordoned off,
and they went over and peed all over the cops.
The cops were like,
the police were just impudent to know what to do with the poodles.
I thought they were very clever.
They were Libyan terrorists.
But in any event...
Well, I'm telling you, talk about incoherence.
Talk about drunk with the emotion.
I'm drunk.
I'm drunk with the excitement.
I'm reporting exactly what happened with all seven of us there.
Oh, and there's Mel Taylor now on Channel 10.
Well, they've brought everybody out for this thing,
and they're holding nothing back.
Also, Metro Fail reported that nobody...
Can't believe it.
We're seeing Mel and Dwight Lauderdale together with the same time.
I cannot believe it.
The other again.
Must be one of those split-screen games.
I was emailing years.
I know.
They had him in mothballs until the...
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
I'm just getting emotional from this TV program.
Better than I am.
Going on for hours.
I mean, clearly.
They had him in his loose-eye cage.
That was the only high point coming out.
We thought it was very much like Evita Perone.
And...
It was much happening except the Pope held Ronnie up about half an hour.
Ronnie got there first, which I thought was tastefully late.
And that's the way it should be done.
Yeah.
And I guess they schmoozed a while,
but it was pathetic because the manhole cover right in front of us was open.
Somebody checked it out.
And they were telling about all this tight security.
It was just a joke as far as security was concerned.
Well, I want you to know, sir, that's a personhole cover, not a manhole.
A feminist who attended would be very upset there.
You say that.
And what else happened?
Well, not much was happening.
I mean, there was all this stuff out there to sell schmoozes and things at the rally.
And people and Metro Rail told people not to go over by the disguisedation
because there were protests.
It was not a protest.
I guess the emphasis was really trying to get some consciousness on the fact that
an awful lot of dough is being spent on junk, including the ceremony.
While people are still dying in the street.
But that doesn't seem to reach anybody that's...
No.
Not at all.
Because the...
There were too busy buying their blessed junk Crawford shoulder pads.
That was a very big seller.
And really, basically, it was a non-event second only to Kahotex arrival, the Comet Kahotex.
This is a real non-event that was happening down there.
And the emphasis, again, was missed entirely.
I mean, so much pomp and circumstances for so little.
Well, that's all it's about.
You know, it's just in their side show.
It's a circus.
You know, it's a fundraiser.
And the real circus of the reporters, they're the ones to watch.
Yeah.
But they had the little...
Look at that wait a minute.
Melt Taylor is sitting there looking sideways at the wall.
I can't believe it.
He's at the wailing wall on Channel 10.
What a shot that was.
Boy, you're missing it, pal.
I'll tell you if you could only see this.
I'm watching 7.
There's somebody with a weather map.
I mean, this is very exciting.
Yeah.
Oh, so I really have anything more to say except that the rally failed only because...
I know people didn't turn out.
And but, you know, the press was there and I guess that's what was important.
But it's not going to do anything.
It's not going to move anybody.
Okay.
You know, okay, hang in there.
Really boring, isn't it?
I'm sorry.
Life will go on.
All right.
Okay.
Can't believe it.
Not only is the Pope wearing green today, but the screen was green there for a while on Channel 10.
It's just...
It's unbelievable.
They're all coming apart at the scene.
Yeah.
Who is that?
Patti Oats.
I haven't seen anyone on TV.
I've been related to HoloNotes, I wonder.
Are you serious, Patti Oats?
Haven't seen her in a long time.
What the hell is she?
One of their reporters.
Another one.
Man, they've dragged them all out.
There are people reporting on this story who haven't done a story in 30 years for Channel 10.
It's incredible.
Alan Burke's going to be on it.
Oh my gosh.
And Mickey Dane is going to be doing psychic readings about the Pope's departure.
I can't believe it.
Claire Burke will be on it.
Oh, I think they're booth loose.
It's going to be...
It's going to be incredible before it's over, boys and girls.
What a happening in our town.
This is really put us on the map, hasn't it?
Isn't this what we've all been waiting for, all of our lives?
Boy, oh boy.
Oh boy.
Look at that.
She's sitting there.
Oh, that was good.
She's looking around.
Is art coming on?
Are you there, Art?
There's Art.
Art's got goose bumps all over his face.
And they...
He just can't handle it.
He's looking there at that TWA hijack plane there on the runway.
It's unbelievable.
Okay, let's take another call from Dave Broward, Palm Beach, wherever the hell is this.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is Neil, right?
Is it?
I hope so.
Anyway, that invitation you received yesterday to attend the Pope's...
Thing.
Thing down there.
Yeah.
If you can say on that invitation, what kind of...
Whether he was going to say,
Great Popeine or Brown Popeine, what is refreshments?
I would just say something about Grandma Boone.
Oh, but you ever preferred the Brown Popeine, right?
What is this man talking about?
We don't talk about mustard on this show, sir.
If you want to call Julia Child, good luck to you.
These people are like...
They're all swept away by this thing.
You notice they're all incoherent.
They're crumbling under the pressure from this.
You would think that somebody important visited town, like David Duke or something.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
What's up?
Don't start with that stuff again.
Listen, let me tell you something.
I was trying to call you yesterday.
You know your name was on a sign last week.
It was the sign that said 95 was going to be closed.
Yeah.
And on the bottom it said, this means you to Neil Rogers.
I got kids and everybody in I-95 seen it.
Great.
Well, I know you're excited about that.
Yeah, that was pretty good.
We have a new talk show on FM.
Mm-hmm.
Call love 94.
You don't have nothing to do with that, right?
It's a good time.
That's not your event.
Great taste.
No, we have nothing to do with them.
We just occasionally make fun of them, but that's fine.
I'm telling you, I tried to get through to them this morning
and they had some kind of show going.
But then people talk so much.
These are shipped over to FM during that hour.
Oh, wait a minute.
The screen just came green again here on Channel 10.
I can't believe it.
The whole town has become green.
Well, it's raining like hell.
And they're all wearing those green meters now.
I can't believe it.
And by the big show.
Yeah.
You got to tell me that it didn't touch you once.
Did it what?
One way this pope visiting all, you wasn't touched at all.
Oh, I was really deeply touched, yeah.
It moved me.
I had a moving experience.
Come on.
What are you talking about?
Will you get serious?
Come on.
Come on what?
How can you not feel anything out of this?
I do.
I feel revulsion, disgust, and nausea.
That's what I feel.
Do they spend so much money out there?
People are starving.
Some idiots sent me in the mail to the oldest big article
about why I spend so much to feed the starving.
How about this 20 million that they're spending
for this circus all over the country?
20 million dollars would feed a lot of hungry mouths.
I'll tell you that.
Yeah.
I'm a Catholic.
Well, nobody's perfect.
I was an altar boy.
Oh no.
That explains that sound in your voice.
I don't want to say who the father was.
There was on TV last night.
But I used to be an altar boy for him.
Yes.
He used to drink quite a bit.
He used to drink quite a bit.
Yeah, we would be up to he too.
What do you mean we would be up there?
Well, I was an altar boy.
Oh, I see.
And we would be up there.
And what would he do after you'd get a couple of belts
under his belt, so to speak?
He had a hand signal like you would go to say cut.
It has a film or something.
He would say in here's a water and a wine.
He would give the water and give the cut signal.
And then you give him the wine.
He'd just say, more and more and more.
He would take it off.
He would take it off.
Well, I don't want to get into that.
He was short.
He was what?
He was short.
You're not.
Oh, I can't believe he said that.
Can you believe that?
But you know what?
The religion went bad about 12 or 15 years ago
when the nun started leaving the church
to get married.
Yeah, and now the priest
are leaving the church to get him married to each other.
It's really embarrassing.
I don't know about all that.
No, I know.
We just make it up.
It's just all, you know, just and fun.
It's fake.
It's fake.
Yeah.
Well, listen, Neil.
Yes.
That's a beautiful day.
It's a wonderful day out in Kiel City.
It's a wonderful day in the neighborhood, sir.
Kiel City.
God forbid.
Okay.
Good luck to you.
I cannot believe this started yesterday at one o'clock.
Just about the time that we were getting invaded.
The city fell apart.
Exactly.
They showed the last hour and they kind of everything.
My whole life.
They're even that little screw in my tire, I think.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
That's my whole home.
Put on my green meter.
I'll tell you that.
Right now.
Good.
Hello.
Kiel.
Yeah.
I was just watching CNN and they were showing you the big storm in Texas where the Pope is going in the next couple of days.
Oh, boy.
And not only was it...
What a bummer.
You don't like what we did today.
But winds toppled 200 foot towers they had built for the Pope's altar.
Couldn't knock him over and crash him to the ground.
You don't think somebody upstairs is trying to send the Holy Father a message, do you?
It sounds like they're bringing the wrath of God along with him or something.
Yeah.
In mysterious ways.
I found out about this plot that was foiled about the mass today.
This is a true story.
Someone of the police that someone had rented a private plane from a block of airport and made a plan.
Yeah.
Go over the mass today.
Check this guy out.
And they found out he was a protester.
He was in the FBI files.
This is a verse of he's always protesting it.
Against one?
It purchased thousands of condoms.
And he was planning to fly over the mass and throw them out the window onto the crowd below.
Excellent work.
But they caught him.
They didn't let him do it.
I think it would have been great if that had happened on TV.
Bring that baby down.
Yeah.
Okay. Well listen to cheer been enlightening, but life must go on.
It's like everybody is in like, is it me or is it like all these cars are in slow motion or something today?
They just, I don't know what it is.
They've lost a caught up to it.
These two days we're going to have to cross them off the calendar and attend this ugly episode never happened.
It's eight minutes before one at W-I-N-Z.
We don't want to wake anybody up.
We'll come right back.
Well, it may be raining like crazy like cats and dogs, but we understand the Holy Father's prayers have been answered today in Miami.
It's raining, but I don't know why it's raining, but I don't know why it's raining.
Okay.
Six minutes before one, W-I-N-Z.
I just can't turn this off.
You know, I envision all these fat little Oprah Winfrey just dancing around.
Little Kazzotsky in the middle of the room.
All these blonde altar boys falling from the sky right on the Santa's lap.
So when the Pope tries to touch your green leaders, my suggestion there he is again.
Look at that.
Wow.
I wonder if Tom Broca is spoken to his holiness.
Okay, let's take another call.
Here we go.
Now we're going to have to break again a really this hour?
Maybe.
I hope you're speaking to him.
Hello.
Oh, good call.
Well, I think that about sums it all up.
I did.
I kind of concur with the last caller.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, hi.
Okay.
What do you think tomorrow's headline is going to be?
How about God determined to strike fear into popes and bolts of lightning out of followers, following his trail all the way to Texas?
You know, three people already hit by lightning in Miami?
Horrendous, yeah.
Yeah, that's great.
He's out to get him.
I tell you, that guy would have watched you.
I tell you, those people out there really are believers.
I think they thought it told him something.
I did better start scoring.
I think it would be funny if the headline in the front of the hero tomorrow said cardinals rained out in fifth.
I don't think like that.
You know, I think that would be cute.
I think that would make more sense.
That would be cute, yeah.
Yeah, but it seems to me that they really believed, you know, what they're in God.
I mean, they would start getting out of that really fast because, you know, wherever he's been, there's been a moral and this been passed.
You know, earthquakes.
Well, you notice the awareness heavy in population of Catholics, you know, it was the earth, earth, courage and men.
And you're all disastrous, actually.
Well, you know, did you hear his speech, the Pope's speech early today?
No, I'm afraid I missed it, sir.
Yeah, well, you know, for about an hour.
Oh, it's raining, man.
Well, I'm telling you one thing, man.
It's four levels of sleep.
We're going to have a sleep expert on here in the next hour.
A dream analyst, something like that.
They're all in a different level of unconsciousness today, right?
Yeah.
We're going to go to Mike now because after all enough goofing around, right?
It's going to get the answer on why all these maniacs are running around in the thunder and lightning.
And then we might even come back at 106.
Good time for the great taste.
Okay, Donald, come down.
108 at W.I. and Z.
We're back for our fourth and final hour.
Thank heaven for 7-11 on this unbelievable Friday.
It's just, it's like affected the whole town.
It started yesterday and everybody's been swept up in it.
And it just to the most incredible embarrassment in the history of mankind.
You know, the one thing that it underscores, I was watching these rabbis walking around here on Channel 10 with their beanies on.
You know, it's kind of like Max Tobini is what this whole thing is.
And it underscores the ludicrous business of organized religion is such a ripoff and such a just a disaster.
And you know, all these people are, you know, getting, you know, and getting it genuinely reflecting to each other.
You know, please pat me on the head and say that I'm okay and begging each other for acceptance.
And it's just pathetic.
And all of the protesters, by the way, have you noticed how silent this has all been?
All these different groups are going to come out and going to get all this media coverage and all this publicity for a lot of very worthwhile issues and causes.
And if they were out there, if there's anything going on, we sure aren't seeing anything about it.
Invisible.
All we get to see is our Carlson with his goose bumps, you know, and there's the empty plane.
Hey, look at the plane, the plane, the plane where survey village is when we need him, you know.
It's a plane, plane.
The rain falls mainly on the plane.
Look at that. Is that a great shot or what?
Look at the sky.
Yeah.
Cloudy and gloomy.
And there's, it looks cloudy and gloomy too, isn't it?
He's got goose bumps from head to toe.
He's just overwhelmed by this.
Oh, boy.
I feel like Bob Blaceter must be hovering over all of this, you know, with this dark, depressing cloud.
This big dark black cloud.
Oh, look at that.
There's clearance in the IOD helicopter.
I can't believe it.
You're wondering what we're doing.
You can tune in channel 10 and, you know, not that we care all that much about channel 10 news.
But it just happens to be on the monitor in the other room on our weather thing that costs us about 20 billion a month.
And look at that.
And CBS, which ran 30 seconds over by the way, we don't want to be upset.
That's okay.
Everybody's taking a little chunk out of the show here, a little before the news, little after the news, you know.
Just for two days.
And they said that the Pope got back on the thing there.
He got back on his horse.
Look at that camera work.
Is that good or what?
See, their cameras are up, but they're not willing to accept that.
So they keep trying desperately.
They got somebody like with a brownie camera on the back.
And they keep showing the sky and the trees and unbelievable.
The camera goes over.
That's what just happened.
The camera in the pole over.
We saw the sky and the trees and now there's the planes.
The plane is back on again.
Why didn't we bring her down for this?
Yeah, he would have been great for this.
For the short reports on the people tour.
Well, let's take a few more calls if they work out as well as they have earlier in the show.
It ought to really lie things up for Stan.
He'll be along it too.
And we'll start somewhere.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
I think that they're all sort of auditioning all these newscasters for network jobs.
I mean, Art Carlson.
I mean, I never see anybody gush and peel it more than he did yesterday.
Oh, now wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You have seen Robin Carter now.
Oh, wait.
I've seen Robin Carter.
All right.
Well, let's not get carried away.
He's full of anyway.
He's identified himself as a hardened newsman.
And he just couldn't take it anymore.
He was just so overwhelmed yesterday.
He had goosebumps.
He had goosebumps and he was an an ambitious head the headset over a forehead.
I mean, I have no idea.
I wish somebody would explain to me why they did that.
I mean, why she had a head stuff, you know.
Yeah.
You know, cumbersize microphone.
Did you see that?
Yeah.
On her head.
Yeah.
And Dwight Lauderdale looked like he was going to do NFL countdown to kick off.
They did look like they were at a football game.
They really did.
And he was going to do it.
Well, I didn't think he was John Madden now.
The pulp here is a little X.
And he moved to the left.
He crashes, you know.
But it was, it's the whole thing is ridiculous.
Yeah.
It's the biggest circus.
And it's, it's comical.
And the people that are involved in it evidently are, and they even aware of how comical
it's coming off.
But especially the TV coverage.
I mean, it's coming off like a, like, a Saturday night live or something.
You know, like a satire.
And they don't even realize it.
They're taking it all very slow.
They're so serious.
It's incredible.
And Sally Fitz almost fell off the television building, however she was sitting
yesterday.
Yeah.
There was this, I got guy who just had my little button here and pushing to each
channel and the, and the syrup was just pouring out of the set.
And I was, yeah.
Yeah.
There were a lot of people going into insulin shock when Sally was on yesterday.
Because I was one of them.
Yeah.
I'm kind of shocked anyway.
Well, it'll all be over in just a few minutes.
Thank you for letting me comment on these events of the past two days.
Okay.
Thanks.
All right.
These pressing issues.
There it is again.
Now we see that one little brownie camera in the background taking a distance shot.
Wait a minute.
Look off there.
Oh, there's a 30,000 cops.
I see you over there.
That was the incredible part.
There were 50,000, what, 45,000 people as I'm like that.
And 25,000 cops and 28,000 from the media.
Now that's 43,000.
So that's 53,000.
I take it back.
Yeah.
So, evidently, some of the cops didn't show up.
But, you know, look at it.
Oh, there's who is that?
Linda Patillo.
Linda Patillo.
Do you know who that is?
One of the reporters at TAN.
It looks like they just pulled her out of a junior high.
Yeah.
I have it.
Or a cable's higher or something.
It's true.
I have not seen Linda in about a minute.
And look at the color of the dress she's wearing.
It's the same as the one.
It's matching the one that Michelle wore yesterday.
And of course, they all matched the color of the schmata.
The yellow.
Yeah.
The pop and the bishops are wearing.
True.
I can't believe it.
It's true.
Oh, in other words, it's color-cord-
Boy, it's color-cordinated.
Yes.
For those watching in colors.
Wow.
Boy, it's a good thing they're not covering something in Libya.
They all have to dress up in army fatigues, you know, like a doppy does.
And do a lot of drugs, too, I guess.
Boy, look at this.
I'm just in fancy with it.
I'm getting goose bumps.
Just watching, watching this coverage.
Look at that.
Who the hell is she?
She's like some little girl.
They went out on biscuit boulevard and pulled it off the boulevard to bring in there.
Man, they're pulling out all the stops on Channel 10.
This is real teen coverage, man.
They're bringing in the Yankees, the meds, and the Dodgers to do this one.
Hello.
Are you there?
These people on the phone, man, are just so off out to lunch.
The worst day of...
Yeah, this is.
This is one of the worst days in history.
Well, there's a lot of pressure there.
They're cracking under the pressure.
Exactly.
Hello.
I can hear you now.
Okay, I can hear you just like you're on the other end of the phone.
I'm calling from a payphone in Ojas in the rain.
Well, the rain in Ojas falls mainly on the plane.
Well, this is a very important event, but it's not too bad because I put on plenty of sunscreen
and I'm wearing loose clothing.
Excellent.
Good thinking.
Good planning.
But...
I had to call because...
It's a good time for the great taste.
Certainly is.
And I want to tell you, you've been doing a lot of good, potent material.
But there is somebody who topped you.
And I'll tell you, after you show you today, I turned on the TV.
And I was watching the scene at the airport where they had US1 and Shepherd1 right next to each other.
Oh, yeah, the planes were mating, yeah, I saw that.
They were waiting for the pontiff and the president to come out.
And they had a band that was playing marches.
Now...
Not the MSU...
I don't know what...
Oh, come on now.
But they topped you because they were playing a Su-Sum March, which happens to be titled The Liberty Bell.
And anybody who watches PBS would recognize it immediately because it is the theme song
to the British TV show, Monthly Python's Flying Circus.
Wow.
Oh, I thought I was really...
Really?
That's great.
Probably was followed by the life of Brian.
Well, Brian was on Channel 4.
Oh, wait a minute. Diane Magnam's got her hair all skunked back.
I can't believe it.
If you could see that.
It's weird.
You believe what you just saw?
Weird.
I hate to step on your line there, but if you could have just seen, she looks like she was just out in a rain.
And they came back and you know like how your hair gets real ratty when it's all wet and it's almost like an apony tail of the back.
I mean, this girl's had hair problems and she came to town, but that was the most incredible shot I've ever seen in my life.
Oh, the pressure is just...
And look at that Babe Ruth is there.
Look at that.
George Herman Ruth is there with his American Legion cap-off.
Well, if you're watching Channel 10, you'd understand what we're talking about.
I'm going to go home right now, would you?
I am telling you.
It is so phenomenal you have never seen teen coverage like this.
I would hate to think of the size of the truck that Anne had a driver, but all these people in.
Almost have been an 18-wheeler.
Look at her hair.
Okay, so you have a wonderful life.
This is so entertaining.
Oh, this is without the sound, it's some of the best video that I have ever seen in my life.
It puts MTV to shame.
Who needs fail?
There is no truth to the rumor by the way that Pope arrived just in time for the Notre Dame game.
An ugly rumor.
Look at Diane Magnus.
I mean, there is something strange about that truck.
She looks like the love goddess who's something there.
And now we go, Ayers Art is still at the plane.
He's still waiting at the plane at Miami International.
For her, they've built up now for Art Carlson.
Who's pointing out there is the plane, there they wing, there they engines, the tail, the nose.
And even a couple of cute little wheels there.
The landing gear is great.
I just can't believe it.
Boy, you talk about the town going ape.
How many hours are they going to be?
I don't know.
This could go on forever.
I mean, just to think that the days of our lives are supposed to be on an NPC right now.
God, forget that.
I noticed though that Wendy was sitting in the kitchen.
She, you know, she's, it's become such a habit that she thinks the days of our lives is on.
She's watching Channel 7.
And Sally is on there and Peter and all those people.
And she's watching and she thinks they become characters in the days of our lives.
It is unbelievable, a new storyline, yeah.
Yeah.
Unreal.
Vi with her.
A new plot twist.
Oh boy, well, listen, a few minutes.
It'll all be over and we can go back.
And tomorrow it's starting a brand new lifetime, you know, pretend like none of this ever happened.
19 past 1 at WINZ.
We'll come right back.
It's not really fair for us to be watching Channel 10 here.
No, it's true because there are a lot of people in their offices and their cars who can't see the video.
And we can't show you the video for obvious reasons.
But the least we could do is share a little bit of the audio so that they got the flavor of what we're so excited about.
Other in the world.
Looking at you.
Nothing as game about big eye new.
What?
Claiming that revelations about his Nazi background actually helped to elect him president of Austria.
Card ball time further revealed today that he also ran the Spanish Inquisition, started the AIDS epidemic and is a former president of the Teamsters Union.
This should really get people to like me quit ball time.
The controversial rotation diet comes to the White House this week where presidential daughter Maureen, the refrigerator Reagan, has been told to jump on it and rotate.
When asked for comments, she told big eye news.
Maureen Reagan.
Movie mobile, Dino Dino Ranges is excited about his soon to be released King Kong sequel.
Dino has arranged with local theater owners to sell King Kong cocktails at Conception stands.
Ingredients yet to be announced.
But inside his report two of these drinks and you want to pick your nose with a helicopter.
Among the notables at the Gay List statue of Liberty Celebration on July 4th will be Massachusetts Senator Edward Kennedy.
When asked for his feelings about that famous lady in the harbor, Kennedy remarks.
I think it's time we put you have a quidic behind it.
And finally, Attorney General Edwin Mice has just finished reviewing an advanced copy of the controversial new government report on pornography.
Mice told big eye news quote.
The contents of this report are shocking, filthy and disgusting.
I was absolutely appalled at the deviant lifestyle of this material promotes.
And so was my seven year old wife.
Rover.
I am at this hour's big eye news.
If you blink, you'll miss it.
Okay, thanks Dwight.
Twenty four minutes past WINZ and the Z-plane is still on the ground there.
Look at that. We get the split screen.
Oh, there we're back to art with the plane is still sitting on the ground there.
I think the departure is at 130.
I'm a scheduled, I think.
So well, they better hurry up.
I tell you, like five and a half minutes.
I know.
I heard that Clarence is bringing the Holy Father by helicopter from Tammy Amy Park to the airport that's just a rumor.
Wouldn't that be a coup, huh?
We put that sucker on the map in no time.
Okay, let's take a few more calls.
And before we do, Robert Wolff, who was kind enough to put us in touch with all those I love John Paul Georgian Ringo bumper stick.
Look at that.
There's Clarence with a helicopter.
I can't believe it.
He said that the bumper sticker got on National News last night on National TV.
Ready like that.
Great.
Boy.
So, the chin of you who had the guts to drive down there with the bumper sticker on.
Good luck to you and your cars will be returned on Tuesday of next week.
Hello.
Sounds good so far, doesn't it?
Very good.
Good call.
Excellent.
Probably one of the better calls of the day.
Hello.
Nobody there.
These callers today, man, they've been frantic, too.
Frantic.
Yeah, we going for a record?
Broward again, by the way.
Record is three.
Broward has been having a nervous breakdown.
Yeah.
Hello.
Meal.
No, we didn't make it.
Yes.
This is John.
How's it going?
What John?
What John?
John Duncan from Kendall.
Oh, okay, John.
We're not all that bad.
We're still all American here.
Okay, John.
That's good.
How y'all doing today?
All right, my Brisbane.
Tell me a lot about your show, so I set the alarm this morning.
Been listening to you all day.
What do you mean you set your alarm this morning?
What do you do?
Sleep in the ill noon most time?
Oh, yeah.
Most definitely.
Oh, sure, not bad.
There are most of the people in Kendall.
I sleep in the illiterate.
A lot of people I know are.
Yeah.
I was wondering if I could play a song for you.
What is it?
A rise in the Levi's?
Is another one of those?
Oh, no.
It's this a home tape.
It's called Little Girl School.
Oh, no.
Say we want to answer that, John.
We're not going to have a good time.
I'll stand.
Yeah, I'm pretty very excited about that.
It could be driving in from country walk right now as a matter of fact.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, I could play right there.
Oh, this is still John.
No, let's say audio is to John.
No, John.
I'll read the durch.
And look at that.
Just mention his name and immediately he's in the room.
Just like magic.
No closets.
Right.
Howdy.
Probably just came from Tyre Kingdom, no doubt.
Like I was hooked out of him.
I'll poke out of him.
I'll tell you a story about my Tyre this morning.
Did you?
Oh, you did hear it?
It was a wonderful experience.
I'm still just now trying to my stomach is just settling right now as we speak.
Unreal.
You missed Michelle and her ponytail.
Who is this one now?
Many of us.
Many of us.
Many of us.
And from Hall and Oats, I can't believe it.
The story right now.
According to CBS, the Pope God back on the stage and started a singing.
Don't tell Jeff Ray that Jeff Ray was an equal.
Yeah, I don't tell Jeff Ray that we'll have to get out of here at 145 again.
Okay, he'll go back and we'll start the coverage again.
It's the motorcade.
He was back on stage for a few minutes, but the motorcade we can see in there, 85,000, please.
I think all at $850 an hour, who are just having a wonderful time.
Did we put Channel 4 on Good Makeable time?
No, I'm working on it.
You have ordinarily, because I like Channel 4 news, but this thing about Channel 3.
Can we put 20?
No, we can't put that hot girl with the hot pants on.
Save that for after two.
But this Channel 10 coverage has been just so bizarre.
And so look at that.
We can get a shot from the blimp.
Yeah.
Look at that.
We're getting a shot of the motorcade from the blimp, from the sidewalk, from the street,
from the back of your house, from Mugged, and in the truck it's incredible.
On the Reavable.
Oh, wait a minute.
There's the runway again.
And Zip Lane is gone.
Zip Lane is gone.
Zip Lane is gone.
Boy, I can't think of.
Well, listen, it said we're supposed to leave at this time.
So, feel the rain was on, boy.
You know what the hell?
Who needs him?
There you go.
Oh my god, I can't believe it.
Look at this.
This is my shell in the ponytail.
And there's clearance.
Look at that.
Clients in a helicopter.
You missed it.
Wait a minute.
What is that thing?
When the sweet and low is?
That's not the stuff that I had.
Morrison's.
From Morrison's.
Very good.
One of our listeners is busy stealing sweet and low at Morrison's.
One of Stan's listeners.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Hey, I just had a small comment about the quality you had this morning.
Or earlier today.
Yeah.
I thought he was kind of sensitive.
Something outside of the press and why they don't take cash.
Yeah.
And I didn't exactly understand what you were saying.
But there's a couple of reasons behind that.
Okay. Well, lay him on us, sir.
We're here to learn.
One, you live in South Florida.
Okay.
And we don't like to take cash down here for obvious reasons that we don't know.
And, too, I take it easier.
One of those, one in a lifetime uses a federal express.
Otherwise, he would have known the policies.
There's many ways of paying the company.
I mean, if, uh...
What are you trying to say, sir?
Spit it right out.
Don't hold back.
Yeah.
I mean, I can only say so much because I worked for the company and...
He's shocked.
So if he's still listening, uh...
Try using this again.
And if you, uh...
Do you have good credit, you might have an account with us.
And he doesn't need cash.
He can go, uh...
He'll move out of South Florida.
We'll take cash.
Otherwise, we won't take cash down here.
Okay. Thanks so much, sir.
Boy, was that a good call or what?
You had some great call.
Oh, man. I'm really looking forward to it today.
I can imagine what you're going to get.
Because you usually get kind of the dregs anyway, the leftovers.
Who is he playing his back?
Isn't that incredible?
And who are all those altar boys getting on the plane?
I don't think they came.
I think they only had one way tickets on the way out.
Look at that. They're just a whole bunch of them.
See, that's what this trip was really all about, Evan Ali, right?
Mm-hmm.
Holy Toledo.
Now, wait a minute.
Here comes the limousine.
Who's in that one?
There's Joe Carrillo just got out.
And Jorge Valdes.
Yeah, he wants to say goodbye and it's fun.
You always very upset.
Very, very upset.
He wants the Pope to give special dispensation
so Dave County can be bilingual again.
But the Holy Father's having no part of it.
And now we're seeing the plane from the other side.
For those of you who got tired of seeing it from the left side.
I wonder, oh, now we're seeing it from a pole.
I swear to you, I'm not joking from the good year blimp.
Looking down on Zip Lane.
And there's the Holy Father with Archbishop McCarthy.
They're walking hand in hand with fond memories of last night's experiences in the water bed.
Leaving the papal limousine.
And there are 7,000 security men there just checking things out a little bit.
Look at that.
And all of the cops are shaking hands with the Pope on a way out too.
I wonder if they're slipping in a little something there.
Look at that.
I think we need a little music underneath you.
Well, that would be good.
The MSR was great.
How about a little fascination?
No.
No.
We have something better, your father,
because we know that the Archbishop has his Sony Walkman with him.
Oh, yeah, remember him from Sicily?
He used to be a farmer down there.
Yeah, potato farmer.
Yeah, he tries to tell people he was Polish.
He's from Sicily.
He used to hang around with him, call the Ohns all the time.
Shaking hands with, who is that?
Bunky buyer?
That's Bucky.
That is Bucky, is that a fact?
Yeah.
Looking good.
There's leaf followers shaking hair.
There is.
Losing for a people job.
Yeah.
Pope is nodding his head emphatically no chance.
No way Jose, he said to our commissioner on the way out.
Was that no way Jorge?
Pope is at the foot of the stairs of the TWA jetliner giving the Archbishop a wild kiss and a hug.
Is that wild on Johnson's out there?
Yeah, that's the big surprise.
But wait till he gets to the top of the stairs.
Hey Mac Freeze.
And the Holy Father is ascending the stairs.
Never more than one foot touching at the same time.
And he's giving one of those Italian gestures.
I think he just said I'm a number one.
Yeah, I'm not sure what that meant.
But there he goes, out of the plane being greeted by Don Johnson of course at the top of the stairs.
Boy, is that incredible or what?
Now here come 40,000 secret servicemen just to check out who's being naughty and nice on your crap.
Well, I guess that's it.
Look at this, it's 133.
They don't look here on it.
Boy, they do not mess around.
They have the bad weather and all the other stuff.
And the boy when that plane is ready to take off, you know they always take off on time.
Okay, well I'm glad we were able to bring you a little extra flavor to this.
Wasn't that good? Thanks to Channel 10 and they're extensive.
They're exhaustive coverage.
I mean, they brought in reporters from other stations.
I mean, you know, people who were just hanging out today.
They have got a job seldom seen in the history.
I mean, the first level is just, there he is, we see him inside the window there.
He's 17a in the non smoking section.
That goodness.
That's great to see.
Coach, of course, he is flying coach, you'll notice.
Well, that times they're tough, you know.
Maybe they had some of their board ops working too.
We didn't recognize him.
No, they had some of the board ops from IOD over there,
which created a problem on the talk shows.
But there he is, we get the little shot inside the window there.
We see the revealing papal garments and beanie.
Yes, he is beanie.
Oh, boy.
In fact, that's going to be a new sitcom on Channel 10 starting Monday.
I dream of beanie.
It's going to be on Barbara Eaton and Larry Hagman making a big comeback from Dallas.
Okay, let's take a couple more calls here because the audience now is probably swept away
in emotion with guard Carlson. They have goose bumps.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes.
Oh, this is me.
How are you doing?
I think this guy needs a goose is what is problem is.
Yes.
I'm just kidding with the idea.
Wake up, wake up.
Were you on before making these snoring sounds?
I've been waiting on the phone for a while to get on the...
Well, I was worth it.
We didn't want you to get caught up in the emotion of all this other stuff.
I've been doing the both the same things.
You're looking at the monitor while I'm sitting here at work.
It's great.
Oh, well.
Now we're seeing the plane from the other side again.
This is good.
This is my favorite side.
There's two comments kind of.
One first of quote.
Where's the pulpen is seed again?
There he is.
Giving that same Italian gesture with the right hand.
The high sign.
Go ahead, sir.
I just have one comment, one question.
Does Frank Motek still work for Channel 4?
Yes.
Is he doing reporting today?
He never thought about it.
He's working for us today.
He's doing double duty done.
Yeah, I think he does.
He does for us.
We have an exclusive on his server.
I believe so.
He might occasionally call in CBS and pick up a few bucks on this side.
I think he works for four only on the weekends.
Yeah.
He works for us during the week.
Only when we let him out.
We give him a special dispensation.
I see.
I had another comment.
How could CBS kind of get the wrong information?
If there's a national news source, how would they...
I mean, all the news, whatever the whole media coverage is,
basically on the same wing.
All right.
Now you're asking me about a network whose correspondent,
whose newscast risks in the noon news hour called the Pope's Miter,
a meter, okay?
And you're asking me that question.
Come on.
I'm just getting serious.
I keep totally...
His green meter.
I'm just curious how they wouldn't definitely check and make sure on all...
Well, how do you know...
Wait a minute.
How do you know that CBS was wrong?
Well, because...
Is it possible that some of the rest of us might have been wrong?
It's true, but if you look, I mean, on a local level,
it's been shown live, and obviously,
that the phone call from CBS over here,
your feed is live as well, but yeah,
there was two conflicting stories.
I wonder...
All they got their meters crossed, I guess.
Well, it just seems weird.
Anyways, make me...
I want to comment on somebody who called it earlier.
Or actually, you were giving the bird,
Tweety birds, some help,
and I can appreciate it.
The guy knows nothing about sports.
About anything, yeah.
And I did...
And I did...
Sports.
He knows movies.
I can't believe that, though.
What is he...
What kind of hobbies do you do, Glenn?
I mean, first of all, you comment on sports,
and you don't know anything about it.
You know the only movie...
Slap shot with Rob Lowe.
He can tell you from beginning to end about that movie.
I'm serious.
That's young blood.
Or young...
Oh, see?
Sorry, Slap shot was with Paul Newman.
I'm sorry, you're right, young blood.
That's right.
Now, if you listen to me while...
Did you listen to any of the shows I did while Neal was on vacation?
I heard you admit that you didn't know anything about sports today.
You didn't hope again in his 17-hand.
You didn't answer my question.
He's changed his seat.
Job hosting a show.
You say, got a whole different persona,
which is not yourself.
Normally, you just sit and laugh about everything.
You did a great job as a host.
How about that?
Maybe he's got to find a new niche.
I don't know.
He takes on a whole new persona,
which isn't...
I mean, he first sees the cackle,
and he just laughs at everything he's saying.
It gets so annoying.
Maybe he would be great at saying,
it's a good time for the great taste.
I bet he might do that very well.
I don't know.
What do you do with hobbies?
You comment on sports,
and you know nothing about it.
Yeah.
What do I say about sports?
He was asking the center,
and you just agree with whatever...
I was a wild guy who was listening to him,
and he goes,
who is the Neilton think of the name of...
Exactly.
If I would have said it was Adelaide Steven Taylor.
No, no, no, that's your deal.
I just want you to keep quiet if you don't know it.
He's just ignoring you.
Because I'm a communist, sir.
No, no, no, don't tell me.
You're the light.
I am not.
I'm not safe.
No, I'm serious.
Why would you comment on something
when you definitely don't know it?
You're just a grave.
Just be quiet.
You can have some dead air.
Exactly.
Well, there's some people that have always got to know everything.
You know that type.
Yeah, but...
They never admit that they don't know.
They've always got to pretend that they, you know, knows everything.
Yeah, but you're staying in them, which was good,
because you're trying to say it.
Well, listen, we like to be fair on this show,
and somebody deserves to get decimated.
We like to decimated it.
Oh, wait a minute.
The stairs just magically pulled away from the aircraft.
They're fixing a taxi out, aren't they?
Ooh, look at that.
Boy, it's exciting.
You know, they're only eight and a half minutes late,
just like any airport.
You know, this guy gets a special deal.
I wonder how they chose TWA.
Well, I'm not going to touch that one.
Anyways, Glenn, I'm serious.
What do you do if you don't interested in sports?
Why do you care?
Because I just think it's so funny that you make comments,
and you know nothing, and...
I'm a horrible broadcaster.
What can I tell you exactly?
Now we're getting to the bottom.
They defend me.
That's it.
Very sensitive, too, by the way.
You're getting very sensitive.
You've got them on the ropes, sir.
I know.
He's coming back with...
I'm sorry.
Finish him off.
He's ready for the kill now.
I didn't say I'm sorry.
He's right for the kill.
I know. You didn't say I'm sorry.
You just made some stupid comment.
Again, we's going around it.
It's alive.
I am not.
I don't see.
Exactly.
It's curious.
Why would you comment on something?
What are you just...
Mr. Curious?
He's curious.
There are a lot of us working here.
What are you right to do?
Well, listen, we have to take a break, sir.
But...
You're giving him the way out.
Stan?
Stan.
Stan.
That's it.
You were doing well until you called me that.
Yep.
20-till-2 at WI-N-Z will be right back.
Certainly wonderful.
It's 143 at WI-N-Z.
The plane is on the runway.
Hervee Ville-Shay just topped out of the...
...Papel-Limousine.
And is ready to point Skyward if the damn thing ever gets moving.
Well, listen, it's only 13 minutes after a scheduled departure.
I mean, once the last time you ever flew a commercial jetliner.
Sounds right to me.
That took off on time.
You know.
Right on schedule to me.
And the thing that I love, like in Atlanta, there it goes.
Oh, wait a minute.
It's moving.
The papel plane is moving.
It's taxing out toward the runway at my meter-machinal.
They have a mincing priest on the left of your screen.
He's saying a prayer and blessing for the papel trip.
Where's he going out of South Carolina somewhere?
Charleston.
Oh, my...
Columbia's on the borderline.
Oh, my God.
Holy Toledo.
I'll say that again.
He'd like to have second thoughts.
It's taxing out toward the runway.
Too bad we can't see Micheal's ponytail blowing in the window.
Art Carlson, by the way, has become a stole way on the papel...
...I can't believe it.
And Alibrar is there.
It's April all-America.
Come on, Al.
Let us hear it.
Okay.
You ever wonder if maybe the flight controller at Miami International
who's handling this plane?
Oh, boy.
Wait a minute.
Was one of those guys who cheated on the exam at Oklahoma City?
No, but I'm concerned about it.
Is all the other people on any incoming or outgoing flights around this time?
Forget it.
Forget it.
I mean, they're not paying any attention to you.
This aircraft is getting the full attention of every traffic controller at Miami International.
So, you know, three or four others happened to collide on the way down.
They won't even notice it as a matter of fact, because, oh, there it is.
That's a big sucker, too, isn't it?
Mm-hmm.
Boy.
And he's sitting in the coach.
I can't believe it.
Well, this new austerity program, man, they mean business.
I'll say that.
I think what it reflects is the collections were real bad here.
You know, they got rained down.
Right.
Mm-hmm.
On a collection.
So, we had a sit in coach.
Unbelievable.
Wonder what the movie is.
Think it's stand by me?
Well, it's a big thing.
He had his selection, probably.
I would think so, yeah.
Either that or that one with Jason Gilley.
Right.
Okay, let's take another caller, too, here, because you never know when the show is going to end with all this stuff going on.
Hello.
Hello.
Oh, come on.
You can do better than that.
Come on.
Let me finish.
I've been working on it.
It's going to be pretty close.
Okay.
I bet you sound like you've been working on it.
Okay, I'm going to start over.
Now, this is the Pope.
This one last thing I want to say.
Well, I'm practicing now.
I'm going to run away here.
It's a good time.
Oh, no.
I'm going to start.
I'm going to start.
I'm going to start.
I'm going to start.
I'm going to start.
It's a good time.
It's a good time.
That wasn't bad.
You sound a little like Donald.
Are you related to him?
No, not over.
I mean, I do want to flip out from the hour.
It's the total disappointment.
I mean, I probably need to hit it a show.
But it goes to show you them.
I'm always one step of the audience.
Right?
Totally.
You caught me.
I thought you'd know.
We caught you all right.
Yeah.
You wanted to be a superstar.
Superstar.
Superstar.
I thought you were going to be so crazy.
You're going to, you know, call me down.
You're going to pick the bird out.
And I was going to take his place.
How old are you?
How old are you?
How old are you?
I'm 21.
No, you're too old to take the bird's place.
You have to be about six.
You have to have the mentality of a six-year-old fruit fly
to replace the bird.
What I want to say to the bird is, you know,
if you don't know about stuff, just make it up, you know.
And the other guy was babbling on just because...
The other guy was absolutely right.
It was right, but you know, if you don't know some stuff,
you got to, you know, be after a little...
Like yesterday I said something about Daryl Evans
and he starts cackling.
Like he knows who Daryl Evans is.
Oh, I see what they're saying.
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
They're right about that.
They are right.
Yeah.
I see what he's saying.
Okay, well, you know, you caught me.
I mean, it was going to be my big chance to start.
No, you did very well.
It was good.
I got it on tape, though.
People say I hide a time, King.
You know, there's father Fetcher.
That's the one that said...
And this is not making this up.
That's the one that said...
Two things you can do in the garage.
You can laugh at him or shoot him.
Yeah, is that the guy?
That's the guy.
He's been on here on 10 for the last day.
I have a way of saying, can you say...
It's a good time for a boat group host.
It's a good time for a boat host.
Very good.
Okay, you keep working on it.
He was good.
He needs a little more work.
He needs a little more work.
Is one of our better collars, yeah?
Does that give the audience an idea of how desperate it's been?
No, this has been...
But I don't really care, because I came in about 10-18 this morning
if you joined us late, and I went through a traumatic experience
getting a new tire that they tried to talk me out of buying.
You know, that's...
You know, then they would always say,
well, we're trying to save you money.
You know, we could plug the tire for you.
I don't want to plug the tire.
It's a piece of crap.
I want a new tire.
I thought you'd gotten over this.
No, are you serious?
This has been...
This has been hanging over like a dark cloud,
like a Bob Lanciter during the whole show.
It's been hanging over my head, the whole thing.
You're apoplectic.
I am.
The first time we've just...
It's such an innovating experience,
and you keep pacing and walking.
It's like an expectant parent, which, you know,
probably is a little out of character, but...
You know, and you keep looking,
are they doing anything with the car?
The car hasn't even moved.
It's sitting there.
It hasn't moved an inch, you know.
Right.
And then they move it...
I don't want to go through the whole story again,
but they move it just to pacify you,
and then they go and they work on somebody else's car, right?
Oh, we're going to have it right out.
We'll have you out of here in 30 minutes.
Well, see if the other car they go to work on.
They've been there since last week.
Lane is sitting at the end of the runway.
It's taxied about as far as it can go,
and it's getting clearance now to have you can tell,
because it's turning it out direction.
It has...
Clear it? No, I guess not.
It seems to be...
And the grassy knoll out there.
I don't know what the hell it's doing,
but it's in a very bizarre...
What is it doing out there?
Kind of sneaking out onto the apometer,
onto the dolphin expressway.
Look at the other one else on the dolphins.
Oh, that's bizarre, huh?
You see, there's no point.
The other folks that he wanted to meet the dolphins
when he was here, and I guess the pilot's got a great scent.
No, there it goes.
It's taxing out to the runway,
making it in a brub left turn,
and it has clearance for takeoff.
20 minutes late.
Yeah.
Well, this ought to be interesting to watch and see
at what time exactly it takes off,
but he does have clearance.
I'm telling you.
There he goes.
He's turning it a little bit of momentum now,
because once you get into that position, boy,
it's fly or run, you know, one or the other.
You think Teno followed the plane all the way to South Carolina?
Well, probably.
I was in, so yeah.
You put all that to him.
Yeah.
They've got several of the crew over there in Channel 10.
They don't even need to plane.
They can just follow in flight.
Oh, that's fine.
And we might even be able to check the weather on the way
to Columbia, too, because we don't want to get into that.
Be careful.
It's clear at the airport now,
the skies are clearing.
The paper-layer craft is in motion.
I'm not sure if it's going to be hidden.
No, it's going to take that.
One thing about a plane taking off.
I've always wondered this.
How fast does it have to be going to become airborne?
Have you ever wondered that?
When you're in a plane and you're on a ground,
and it's picking up its accelerators,
however it has to be, it's going fast enough,
because it's in the sky.
He is so long.
Papa, there he goes.
There goes the holy father.
And now you see the beginning of about an hour and a half.
Now it's longer than that.
It's a good two hours I would think.
Hour and a half to two hours to Columbia.
Well, this thing is going to go like a bat on a hill probably.
It'll be there by 215.
But here we go.
Here's the channel 10 continuous coverage of the people flight
from Miami, International to Charleston to Columbia, South Carolina.
Right.
And I want to have you great.
Just what you see now.
What you see is what you get for hours.
Hello.
Fifty now, sir.
I don't know what that was going to be,
but I didn't like.
Hello.
Hello. This is calling from Tammy St. Park.
Yeah, how you doing?
The mask confusion down here is very hard to hear.
It's pouring down rain.
Okay.
We'll talk a little louder for you.
Is that better?
The weather has forced the premature cancellation of the service here.
And the Swiss Guard has not prepared to guard the Pope during his employment weather.
The Vatican has a lift out the plane.
They've just transferred the new Guard over to the Pope.
And as we speak, they're coming up.
Yeah, they're coming up to the plane now.
I can't at least.
No, 21 storm troopers.
To cover the Pope.
And the particular now, Sergio Pereira is trying to sell the Pope,
but dressed at discount prices.
I can't hear you.
It's getting getting too much rain here.
Over and out.
Well, that was good.
That was perfect for our last call today.
Wasn't it?
I mean, it was so weak that it was just perfect.
Wait a minute.
How do you just get back on the podium again?
You just took off and all that stuff.
Oh, they're going to show it over and over and over.
No, we're going to see the rest of the afternoon.
The rest of the afternoon.
Eight million times.
Rest in.
And who is this one now?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know who they are.
I don't know who they are.
I'm telling you, they're just picking up people and stragglers and saying,
would you like to be on television?
Sure.
Here's a microphone.
Do a report.
We're going live with art.
We're going to be located at the perfect place to do that.
Unbelieveable.
And they've had everybody on.
Right on the screen.
She doesn't work for Channel 10.
She was just hanging around on there.
I'm telling you.
Look at that.
She's got her purse on her arm.
Unbelieveable.
Let's take our last break.
It's 84 or two at wins.
We'll be right back.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Okay, let's take another call.
I promised the last one was going to be the last.
But we might be able to improve upon it.
Hello.
You're right.
Yeah, you're absolutely right.
I know.
We waited too long.
We waited too long.
Hello.
The test.
This station is conducting a test of the emergency broadcast system.
This is only a test.
No.
Okay, we can log this now.
We won't have to do that.
No.
You don't have to run the moon, man.
Stay exactly.
He would be upset about it.
Oh, that's about the only way.
Whenever she gets, nobody hears him over on, uh, I kiss my grits.
Hello.
Nobody there.
Well, I gave up and I don't blame him because I said I wasn't going to take any more call.
I love the way this new phone system has worked out.
Yeah, hasn't it?
Yeah.
It's been great.
Like about nine out of every 10 haven't been there.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Now listen, Glenn, don't feel too bad.
Sonny Hirsch doesn't know anything about sports and he makes a living off of it.
It's a very good point.
But listen.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
When you were on a hold, did you hear the program?
Which program?
With this program.
When you were on a hold on the phone.
Of course.
Okay.
Listen.
I don't know if anybody's mentioned it, but this morning I wake up and they're interviewing a
surgeon per era and they ask him what he felt when he saw the Pope in the
President.
And he says, well, when I saw him on the runway, he says, there's a funny thing he says,
I felt goose pimples up and down my arms.
Yeah.
Goose pimples.
Yeah.
Kind of the same ones that Art Carlson was trying to get rid of.
But that's what I wanted to do.
I can't believe he said that, but he said goose pimples instead of goose bumps with you.
Well, that's Sergio for you.
Okay.
Nice show, guys.
Have a wonderful life.
Okay.
The bird went up front to get Stan's guest and of course Stan doesn't have any guest today.
So this ought to be very interesting.
You think that it could be Brian from the ice cream place?
Or maybe it's Teresa or Tessie.
Whatever name is from Channel 23 News that Stan has developed this mad new crush about.
I have no idea.
Is there somebody on there?
Should we take one more?
Or not.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Oh, I'm out.
How did I do punch up for?
Go ahead, sir.
I'm losing it.
Listen, now that we got this pulp out of the way, we get around to Glen Hill's review of larger than life.
If you think I'm going to let him see any of these movies, he is begged.
He has a junior fluctuate.
He's done everything.
I mean, seriously, he is.
And I keep asking him, what the hell is it that you want these movies for?
And he says, just curious, just curious.
And I keep telling him curiosity killed the cat that ate the bird, you know.
Hey, guess what?
Remember the other day you had a caller who was trying to make some lame excuse about the Pope seeing Kirk Waldheim?
Oh, yeah.
He saw the guy who shot him.
Yes, who gave the same lame reasoning today on television.
When you were watching Dwight Loderhill with the audio off, he was making that excuse concerning some of the protesters.
He was saying that, you know, he says, well, look, he saw the guy who shot him, so I don't know why they're getting upset about him seeing Kirk Waldheim.
Dwight Loderhill said that?
Dwight Loderhill, whatever.
Oh, boy.
I was fell off the chair.
Well, I always tune into Dwight to get my views on World Affairs.
You know, he's kind of the barometer of the way things are going.
I got a new name for him, Mr. Pinkleberry.
Yeah, that's good.
Thank for knowing.
Okay.
Hey, I called it the weather bureau.
That storm came out of the devil's triangle.
Well, that should give you a little omen.
That's right.
Okay, see you later.
Well, area is there's the Holy Father again on tape for those of you who missed it.
Oh, look at that.
They're closing at the closing credits.
Well, that ought to take about six hours for the closing credits because they've had everybody on this thing.
But they're finally wrapping it up for all those people to want to see whatever show comes on it too.
And the people who are waiting for General Hospital are having a nervous breakdown.
They were very nervous.
Trust me.
This is Ray Jean-Baptiste.
I guess they can.
Oh, yeah, there's Jean-Jouist.
In fact, he was sitting at 18 F on that same plan.
It's a good time for the great taste.
Okay, Jean, you just got a great sense of humor.
Pretty good stick around, Roger.
No, I'm sure not.
I'm having a hear so fast.
You wouldn't believe it.
You wouldn't believe.
I mean, this day to day started out with that exciting trip to Tyre Kingdom.
And that was enough to get me all wound up like an alarm clock.
But have a wonderful show.
Every line on the board is flashing frantically.
They're all dying to talk to you.
And after the show we had, I can't say that I blame them.
Okay, have a great day.
We'll see a Tammy Emmy Park.
We're all going to get together any aftermath.
And to eat any food that was left over.
