no
carol
when
and it will lay away into the studio and my quote
for something new.
One, I wisely up control board and now the guy
who's the best who's dead was graduated
in water's on, new Roger.
You believe he said that?
I can't put English doing great so I got to that last fit.
Another shot of my weight.
I don't feel so bad because Mike Spindell
was in the building this morning.
Now, when Mike walked down the atrium,
the sign over the front door that says,
tilt, lit up in technicality.
I wonder what we're going to do today,
as a matter of fact, is a practice
for the Stan Major with Michael Talbot Show.
We're going to pick on Mike Spindell for four hours.
When you get away with it today,
because Mike said he bought a new car,
and that was the way he solved his radio problem.
You know, instead of going out and spending a couple hundred bucks
to get a new radio in his car,
he went out and bought a new car.
It's 1107 at WI, of course there's a copy of that ad
from the voice attached to the letter.
And the letter was written to one of our sponsors.
And it says, dear sir, I strongly object to the use of airwaves
to verbally batter and belittle people
in the South Florida area.
The people on the daytime talk shows of radio station WINZ
used the time to insult and express their opinions
rather than listen and learn from calling people.
I assure you I will stay far away from the sponsors
of the Insulting Host of WINZ.
Insulting or hanging up on phone in people
is not my idea of anything worthwhile.
These talk show hosts have an opportunity to do some worthwhile
good with their airtime rather than rant on with their
negativism, which is a total waste of time.
Perhaps they will listen to you their sponsor
rather than hang up when you disagree with them,
sincerely brother Donald P. McIntyre, C.S.C.
St. Elizabeth Church, Pompano Beach.
You know, this thing with the Catholic Church
has gotten to the point.
I've tried to minimize it, okay?
But it pisses me off more than I can begin to tell you.
The last time the Pope came here back in 1978 or 2009
whenever it was, all of a sudden there was this full court press
by the Catholic Church to try to get me off the air
and the same kind of crap that's going on now went on then, okay?
And the only thing that they did was bring a lot more attention
to my show and it was maybe just a coincidence that after that
I had the first 10.5 share at night on W.S.N.S.
I had the biggest rating that I ever had up to that time.
And now they're starting in again.
And isn't it a coincidence that it just prior to the Pope
coming here next month again that the Catholic Church has decided?
Now see a few months ago when Mike Spindell and I were raising money
for the Camilla's house and for starving people on the streets,
a lot of which went to specifically Catholic charities,
that was okay.
Then we were wonderful guys and we have all kinds of letters in the file
from Brother Paul of the Camilla's house
and from all kinds of other people of these charitable organizations
thanking us for raising about whatever was $30,000
or whatever we were able to raise,
whatever we were able to squeeze out of the people
to stop Florida for people who are starving on the streets.
Then we were good guys.
But if we come on the air and we give our opinions or we do our humor
or we satirize the Pope and his Stone Age garbage
that he wants to come here and peddle to all of America,
then all of a sudden the Catholic Church feels compelled
to try to silence us and to get us off the air.
And this is the same kind of crap that the Catholic Church
has been doing within the Church.
Along comes a priest and he starts taking a little different view,
maybe a little to the right of a till of the Han,
to the left rather of a till of the Han
and all of a sudden the Church wants to excommunicate him.
And the Vatican starts having an nervous breakdown
to try to squash any dissent within the Church.
Because the Pope basically is a dictator
and the Pope is dictating Stone Age garbage
and is probably responsible for more suffering
in the world than any other individual today.
With all of this unwanted birth,
all of the overpopulation in the predominantly Catholic countries.
And of course at a time when some people are desperately saying,
hey, where condoms, if you're gonna have sex,
where condoms because we have AIDS,
we have all kinds of sexually transmitted disease,
your life is at stake.
Here comes the Catholic Church again.
Oh, no, not only can't you have condoms,
but you can't use any kind of artificial birth control.
Preaching the same guaranteed suffering.
And at the time when we have so many of the priests dying
from AIDS, here comes the same church
preaching their homophobic crap
that they've been preaching for centuries.
They're hypocritical homophobic crap.
So brother McIntyre, just like the people of that insurance agency
who decided on their letterhead,
they were gonna try to harm this program.
You know, if you don't like to show brother McIntyre, turn it off.
And we invite, we've invited people
from the Catholic Church to come on,
but again, as dictatorial people do,
they won't come on and open debate.
They won't come on and discuss these issues in public
because they haven't got to like the standoff.
So instead like a bunch of cowards,
they throw stones from their closets.
And I do mean closets throwing pebbles
to try to chase away the evil people who are bad for business.
And that's the bottom line, isn't it brother McIntyre?
We're bad for business.
For you fakers out there who are ripping off the public
with your lies and your garbage and your Stone Age dogma.
And I saw those statistics on TV last night,
date counties gonna spend one and a half million dollars
and a city of Miami's gonna spend a half a million
and a state's gonna spend another million or so.
We're spending millions and millions of dollars
of taxpayer money to subsidize a religious event.
Shamedful, absolutely outrageous.
So that this man can come here with his,
with his schmachtes on preaching that Stone Age archaic crap
and guaranteeing the, ensuring the suffering and guilt
of millions of people for years to come.
Isn't that terrific?
Isn't that just the kind of wonderful event
that we should all be subsidizing?
Isn't this terrific?
And here's another letter also in the same envelope
from Phyllis Wriglio.
PS, many people have asked me to add that this goes
for them also as she writes at the bottom.
And it's just a memographed copy.
To whom it may concern we are outraged
that the likes of Neil Rogers is permitted
to spew his hatred, bigotry and foul language
over the airwaves.
He gets his ratings mostly by getting everyone angry.
His notoriety makes him well known, certainly not
because he has a good talk show.
If I wanted to host such a show,
all I would have to do to get high ratings
would be so outrageous and erob notches
that people line up to object.
Enough is enough.
We will boycott your company corporation
until your sponsorship ceases.
W-I-N-Z-A-M radio shows poor taste
in allowing people to be called assholes,
douchebags, et cetera, on the air.
How can you sponsor such programming?
Since Wriglio who lives in Hollywood, Florida.
I don't see any phone number on the letter
had a St. Elizabeth Church in Pompato Beach,
but I guarantee you they got a phone.
And just like the insurance company,
in fact, what we ought to do is we ought
to get the telephone numbers.
I'm going to do it during the break
of the Catholic arts diocese of Miami.
They got their new multi-million dollar building
down there on Biscayne Boulevard.
And they can always find millions of dollars
for buildings and for the Pope's visit.
And they're always crying poor mouth.
When it comes to their charities,
they never have enough money to get the job done.
We always seem to wind up with all of these
starving people in the streets
and all these other problems
because all these religious institutions,
not only the Catholic Church, but the others as well,
they never have enough money to really get the job done
because they're too busy spending it on crap like this.
So here we have just before the Pope arrives again,
just by coincidence, we have another organized campaign
by the Catholic Church to try to get me off the air
and to try to hassle the sponsors of this show.
And it stinks.
And we're going to get the phone numbers
and we'll give them out on the air.
And if you want to keep sending letters to our sponsors,
they're going to keep giving them back to me.
And I'm going to give them phone numbers
of all of the individuals involved out on the air.
Because obviously what you don't,
what you're not, you know, this idea about
this isn't a good talk show.
It's not a good talk show.
Don't listen to it.
How about all the other talk shows in time
that stink the high heaven?
Are you trying to get them off the air
because they're not good shows?
Of course not.
So long as they don't trample on your business,
so long as they don't say things that bug you,
then you're not going to do anything, right?
Whoever heard us such nonsense.
And these people are now in a feeding frenzy.
They just can't help themselves.
Here's the number now for St. Elizabeth Church
in Pompano Beach.
And you people up in Pompano Beach
you ought to be ashamed to live
in such a Neanderthal community.
Over the years that I've been in this town,
I'd say about 90% of this kind of harassment
that we've gotten comes from Pompano Beach
and that general area.
941-8117.
And maybe you'd like to talk to a brother Macintyre
or some of the other wonderful loving religion
and stuff there at St. Elizabeth Church
who think that it's within their purview
to dictate what's gonna be on the air and what isn't.
What we have the right to talk about and what we don't.
And by the way, brother Macintyre,
they do pay me to give my opinions.
That's the whole idea of this or any other talk show.
And as far as listening and learning from calling people,
we take dozens of calls on this show every day.
Now as far as guest work concern,
we would have been delighted to have anybody
from the Catholic Church to come on the show,
but you folks wouldn't come on here.
You were busy cowering in the closet, brother Macintyre.
And every time somebody did want to come on the show,
Archbishop and Carthie would put out the edict again
and all of a sudden they had a cancel at the last moment
because all they couldn't come on the show
where somebody might disagree.
They'd have to come on with somebody
who'd give them marshmallow questions.
And as far as the phone number for the Archdiocese
of Miami is concerned,
and that's where they really ought to get the phone calls.
Oh, here comes that verbal terrorism again.
Okay, let me go on record before loose salami
at the news writes anymore columns.
Let me just say that I absolutely deplore.
I do not condone any kind of call that is obnoxious
or offensive or threatening.
I don't connect me with that because I've never, ever
suggested people make that kind of a call.
When you certainly are entitled to make a call
and express your objections in reasonable terms.
The number for the Catholic Archdiocese is 757-6241.
Is that the Miami number?
757-6241 and the voice that printed this ridiculous ad
with a list of our sponsors and suggesting that,
you know, doing everything possible to harm this radio station,
the number of the voice, which is the newspaper
of the Catholic Church, is 758-0543.
758-0543.
So while we've got our own internal problems
that I discussed in the first hour,
those pale into insignificant compared to the effort,
the massive effort, although it's not gonna be a successful one,
there's no question about that,
but nonetheless, it's a real pain in the neck.
And it's outrageous.
And it would be really interesting if somebody would have
the balls to get up and church this Sunday
and one of the Catholic churches,
or if a whole bunch of people would have the guts
to get up and church this Sunday and speak out against this,
let them practice their religion,
let them preach their kindness and brotherhood
and love and compassion and understanding
and helping people who need their help,
not trying to silence people or take away first amendment
rights from people who happen to disagree with them
and who happen to have the courage to come on here
and expose them for the fakers that they are,
because that's exactly what they are.
And all of these ridiculous queens
cowering in the closet down there at the Archdiocese,
you ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
Instead of participating in an effort to silence me,
you ought to be speaking out against the archaic,
the garbage kind of crap that your church is preaching,
the kind of hatred that your church is preaching
against people who desperately need help
and compassion at this time.
Unbelievable, of disgrace.
And when the hell does it stop?
It never stops.
Never stops.
Just like, is there any,
I mean, we have little groups that are trying to stop
what's going on with the church right now
and all this money that's being spent.
Do you think that they're going to have any chance
of winning? No way.
Because what the church wants, the church gets.
And if they want a couple of million from the state,
they want a million from the county,
they're going to get whatever the hell they want.
And that's the way it is.
They're used to getting their way.
Here's the Broward number for the archaicis.
525-5157.
And 525-5776.
And if they think that I'm going to roll over and play dead,
I'm just going to walk away in the middle of the evening
one night because the Catholic church wants me off the
ear or believes that they can sense you what I do on this
station.
They got a real second thought coming.
It didn't work nine years ago and it ain't going to work now.
20 minutes past the word.
I'm going to tell you I'm going to blow my brains out of your
Kyle tells me that today was payday.
We all opened up our checks.
Kyle did not get his raise today.
Is there anybody in the building listening?
I mean, I was sworn in blood.
Guaranteed.
Did everybody leave the building just now?
Everybody has left the building.
We're the only ones left.
Don't open the gate.
Let's just take over the whole building.
We'll take over the FM, we'll sign the cast.
We'll just take the whole thing over.
Screw it.
I am so suicidal now.
You have no idea.
Kyle didn't get his raise.
We got this cart over here.
We're not planning anymore.
We got the Catholic church out there.
Luis Salami doesn't like us.
You know, that's where it is.
Nobody likes us except the audience.
And after all, are we here to make Luis Salami like us?
Isn't that what they paid me for?
Even to make Tom like us.
Okay.
Kyle didn't get his raise.
I'm going to, I'm about an inch away.
I'm really am.
I'm about an inch away from just lying down on the floor
and going into a gondi-like protest.
And I look a little like gondi.
A little bit heavier, but you know, and a little more here.
Okay, let's take a call.
What is this?
A female?
I thought we weren't taking female callers from Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
This is somebody that was out on the Scandinavian princess
in the island for the past week.
And I just wanted to let you know that all the sailors that
crew out there just love your show.
So you can't commit suicide yet because they really need you
to keep something to listen to while they're cruising through
those tropical waves out there.
Yeah, I bet.
All the sailors love this show, huh?
I have a couple of lines for that, but I'll save them.
Well, you can use those lines.
And they really appreciated your show with Fred Chabb's
the other day, Neil.
Yeah, well, they need the advice.
Oh, sorry not to give you any bad news.
Something to fight about, but I just wanted to let you know about that.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
Boy, I wish we had something like anchors away to play right now.
Something like that.
I also got in the mail.
An album which I did have the courage to open up Hawaiian holiday.
Boy, is this an oldie or what?
Lanai, Okuhu, Okuhu and his surfboarders.
I'm not so sure we can say that on the air.
Unbelievable.
So we want to thank whoever sent this.
This thing is from another lifetime.
Boy, this album is like from the early 50s I've been.
It's on Bravo Records.
And it doesn't even have a date on it.
Like maybe from the 40s, even.
Boy, this is terrific.
Ok, well listen, I'm leaving for Hawaii at noon.
So we hope you have a wonderful time and a great weekend and a wonderful life.
Let me give those numbers again for St. Elizabeth's Church and Brother McIntyre in Papano Beach.
The church number is 941-8117.
And you know, if they want to play the game, it's a free country.
They can write all the letters they want.
And if that's what they're going to do and we get a hold of them,
we're going to come on the air.
We'll play it too, you know.
And we'll see who's got more people on their side.
You know, when some anonymous ding-bat writes a letter and says,
P.S., many people have asked me to add that this goes for them also.
Why not they send their letters too if it goes for them?
I mean, what kind of a statement is that?
Well, I speak for myself in 80 million other Americans by saying whatever, you know.
The number for the Archdiocese in Miami is 757-6241.
The voice, which has printed this disgusting ad,
and I can't even believe that they would print this ad,
but nonetheless, they chose to go ahead and do it on behalf of this pseudo organization in Papano Beach,
committee to promote First Amendment rights and obligations.
The voice is 758-0543,
and the bowored chapter of the Archdiocese is 525-5157,
or 525-5776.
And I can just see Mr. Salami sitting down at his typewriter at the Miami News again.
Neal ratings, verbal terrorism, and the church received some ugly calls.
See, it's okay, I guess, if Mr. Valdez wants to open up the date county
to a bloodbath, we're supposed to ignore that, or if the church wants to try to, you know,
stifle what we can do on the air.
We're just supposed to sit back, roll over and play dead.
Otherwise, you're a bad guy.
Like the news, they roll over and play dead all the time,
because they got the herald there, manipulating all the strings, guaranteeing them a profit,
keeping them from publishing on Sunday, and with a nice cozy little deal.
Terrific.
Helen Dale, hello.
Hello, Dale. How are you?
How hysterical.
Yeah, I know. It's not going so well, but let's check that out.
Well, anyway, I'm sending this to you in the mail.
It's from the August Vogue and the August Disor magazine.
The one from Vogue is in the Gell Cruz ad for clothing,
but they have two nude men as part of their clothing ad.
You know, you can only see the back view, but, you know, they can get away with that.
This is in both magazine.
In Harper's, they have a Calvin Klein ad for obsession,
and men and women nude, front views, back views.
I'll send you the whole thing in a minute.
Oh, boy. What's the world coming to, right?
Yeah, you know, now they're getting away with that.
My tutor was on Channel 39 this week.
33.
Let's give them a credit, you know.
Right, right.
And then your station manager is telling you you can't do certain things.
So I think it's a little unfair, and I just want you to see this.
I have the...
Not our station manager, our program director.
Let's get, you know, let's get it straight.
Yes, excuse me. All right.
So maybe, you know, this will help in your fight for the First Amendment,
because I believe in upholding the First Amendment very strongly.
Yeah, this business about First Amendment rights and obligations.
I guess we have an obligation to say whatever the church likes us to say.
You know, whatever pleases them, then we're living up to our obligations.
Now that's going back to the 15th century.
Yeah.
I don't want to see that ever happen.
Well, maybe they'd like to have another inquisition.
Yeah, they probably would.
They could get Mr. Valdez and Mr. Navarro.
They'd get them together to be the leaders of the new inquisition.
Or Camada.
Yeah.
Yeah, all right. Well, I hope...
Or hey, Camada.
Yeah, yeah.
Could you just give me the zip-up station, please?
Sure. 33055.
Okay, you'll probably get it Monday, because I'm going to mail it today.
Well, I'd like to get it Monday.
Okay.
Okay, thanks a lot.
All right.
Bye-bye.
The pubs, pubs, dows.
1130 at WINZ, Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Some of your supporters that talked to you a little while ago
about the protests that he suggested you have.
I think maybe you ought to go even further than that
and have a silent period for, say, four hours
times, six days, times ten weeks or something like that,
and they really, really make...
Rub it into them real good.
Yeah, right. Sure.
I mean, that would really, you know, increase the standing of the station,
I think, too, at the same time.
Yeah. Okay. Well, have a wonderful life, sir.
Miami. Hello.
How you deal? How you doing?
Great.
Okay. Now, you realize that those mung-brain douchebags
you've got for bosses there have no sense of humor at all.
Now, they're the ones you've got to worry about,
not the FCC in the so far campaign.
The FCC, at least, has a sense of humor.
No, I don't think the FCC has any sense of humor,
but I also, at the same time, don't see them doing anything
and all I see them doing, like, when they receive the ruling the other day
on the fairness doctrine, all they're doing is backing away
from previous positions.
In fact, I read an article the other day
that said, all they're waiting for now is a formal petition in court
to challenge the April ruling,
and they're just waiting for an opportunity to back away from the whole thing.
Because they realize how vague and ambiguous and unimpossible it is,
and yet there are still people running around like nervous Nellies,
changing their underwear every five minutes.
OG, well, this is objectionable, and this is in port taste,
you know, who defines what's in port taste?
I mean, when somebody is talking about oral sex or Michael Jackson,
well, he didn't really do it, but that's spoof on masturbation,
those things are not in port taste.
They're part of real life, and when somebody satirizes something
that's in real life, to me, that's not in port taste.
Did your management told you that they receive 69 letters just like the FCC?
No, don't say 69, 68.
Now, that showed you that they've got a sense of humor.
Yeah, that's only a little, you know, a little word coming down from on high,
like it needs or something like that.
The rest of the bureaucracy in the FCC could care less about this stuff.
It was a half-hearted attempt by that one-man-you interviewed.
He had no real concern over this.
He was just following orders and he wanted to keep his paycheck.
Yeah, well, he got a promotion surely thereafter,
so, you know, we can see where he's coming from.
They know that this just be us and political stuff.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, also, on all the stuff that you throw away every day,
that comes from the mail, couldn't we have some sort of a watery?
You could cross out the names to be the innocent.
And raffle this stuff off, I'm sure it'd be pretty good.
No, I'm going to give it to the same Elizabeth Church raffle for their next bizarre.
God, mountains and mountains of this material,
and I'm sure it could come to some good use of, you know,
the hugging of the garbage disposal there.
Okay.
It's a lot.
Okay, the bag will be in the mail with the Salvation Army.
The screen says a minister in, I don't know, hello.
Hello.
Mr. Rogers?
Yes.
I don't listen.
I'm just visiting today.
I'm using the phone.
Well, that always helps.
Yes, of course.
I must admit that sometimes you say,
play, make me flinch, however.
I do very much appreciate what you are doing for the community
because it seems to me you're the only one who is voicing a more or less objective opinion
because the first thing that I am concerned with is the constitutional form of government.
And I see the possibility of that eroding here in Dave County.
I also feel that people ought to be very, very much aware that you are the only voice.
I was not aware of this binding will issue.
And I, until you brought it up, I happen to be listening to your show one day.
I think it's important that there is someone who is saying what you are saying.
I know this sounds incredible coming from me.
But even Christ said what he wished to say.
And he was not against, he was not for censorship in any way.
And then the study of his life depicts this and illustrates this.
I feel that what?
Well, you know, I see this intolerance going on again all over the country.
We have a reawakening of it now up in Jacksonville.
They are giving a station up there, WAPE, an absolutely horrible time.
And again, that move is led by the religionist, the church,
all having a nervous breakdown because they don't like what the morning guy is saying.
And they find this in port taste.
Who the hell ever gave the church the right to be censored for all of society?
If people want to listen to something, if people want to watch it, they'll do it.
And let the church go mind its own damn business.
Well, of course, there are many prominent and difficult ministers who would agree with you.
Because there are some of us who are not fundamentalists.
Yeah.
I did here last night from someone that minister and a fundamentalist church did get up
and say that they should comment on direct it your playing or the tapes you're playing on your show.
So your station must be aware that this is a small group, a small group of what,
as you term it, religionists, who are fundamentalists, most Christian religions
are the older, a variety effect to be stated such as religion.
And we'll tend to allow the society to act as they act.
And we'll try not to impose their will.
The fundamentalists, however, are deeply detached.
And they...
Well, let's not only pick on fundamentalist Christians who generally tend to be other than Catholics,
because the Catholic church is not new with this.
The Catholic church has been doing this for centuries.
And it's interesting to note the hypocrisy.
Now, there was this, I don't want to convict anybody on the air because the man hasn't been tried yet.
But there is this make-believe mail order priest who has now been charged with a whole spate of crimes against youngsters.
And I noticed on his office wall on the news the other night, there were letters of commendation to this man
from all kinds of officials, and also one from Archbishop McCartheon at the Archdiocese in Miami,
commending him on his wonderful work with children.
And he was evidently working with children all right in more ways than one.
And this kind of stuff goes on among the religionists like Crazy.
And I could sit here and read from Ann Gagler's magazine, not a Madison Wisconsin free thought magazine.
Every week I could take a half hour on the show, which I did do one week, take a few minutes,
a story after story after story from around the country from the so-called religious priest and rabbis and ministers,
whatever the hell they are who are abusing children, who are molesting children, who are sleeping with people's wives,
who are committing every kind of crime that's ever been invented.
And here they have the unmitigated gall to turn around and tell us that they're going to censor what's on the air for the good of the public.
Who the hell are they kidding?
And those priests, God pity them that are getting AIDS, so many of them.
They're not getting it because of some act of condomment or busy hiding in the world's largest closet.
You know, it's bad enough to be a hypocrite and it's bad enough to be a coward, but to be part,
to be part of an organization that speaks out against your very own existence and to stand up in public
and to be so hypocritical as to puppet the same crap and to mouth it and be their Mary and Ed.
And you've got to have no self-respect at all, which is probably why there's such a high alcoholism right among the priesthood.
No self-respect at all, to live one life and to live one big lie and then to get up and church every Sunday and to mouth the lie for somebody else's benefit.
And what the hell does any of this have to do with salvation and with God and with love and with brother?
What does any of this have to do with it?
And the answer is nothing because it's the big business that counts and they're no different from Jim Baker and all of these fakers.
They're all the same. It's just a matter of degree. Who's the slickest salesman? Who's got the biggest organization?
Who's got more billions and dollars in the bank? That's what it's all about.
You don't even hear him talking about religion anymore. It's just a question of who slept with whom and who's going to keep the PTL solvent and are they going to go bankrupt?
Nobody even talks about religion anymore as if there was any in the first place. That was just a sham for the business.
It's just a cover for these big business operations who are building all of us and to think that this archaic clown is going to come here and is going to build the taxpayers.
All these millions of dollars is a sin.
Let's go to Biscayne Gardens. Hello.
Good morning, Neil. Yes. Of course, one of the listeners of UI calls a faint elicit and they're saying that they don't know anything about the letter.
So this must have been done by the brother and just a few people.
Well, it's on their letter heads. So if they don't know anything about it and they don't know anything about brother Donald P. McIntyre, then they better find out who he is because he's sending these letters out on their letterhead.
I think it was probably a coffee collection they got together and a couple radicals can't look up into that.
Number two, I call the voice and isn't it funny how all of a sudden the fund was answered by a lady from Barely Speaking, which was a Spanish fact.
No, that's not surprising. And then went right into speaking with a writer told me that he listened to me for a moment and he listened to my point.
And then he went on to say that he had to go and I did not reserve and I know what you said. Don't be rude on the phone.
But I couldn't resist saying something to the fact that after writing things like that, I bet you have to go a lot of times.
Neil Rogers training. Yeah. And also, and also three. What's in this account like church that exited a lot of the Nazis out of Rome to Argentina?
Sure, the Catholic church, not only well, the Catholic church had no problem with the Nazis. You know, I'll say it again.
The Nazis were all Catholics on their belt buckles, all the SS soldiers in German. It said God is with us and they were all Catholics.
And the church never excommunicated any of them, not a one of them.
I'm just wondering why the people or the Catholic people, if there's so intense on Singapore, what if five dollars in taste of the security themselves?
I mean, that's what a movie costs. Exactly. Man, for an organ, they see they're just not as good as some of the others like Billy Graham at fundraising.
You know, if they were as good as some of these other fakers, they would have the money with no problem. But they won't call the art style.
Don't you understand? I'm sure they take great delight in making all the rest of us help to subsidize this. Don't you understand that?
I really don't see anybody really in the government speaking out and speaking up for people like myself that do not want tax dollars.
Well, there are a variety of organizations, some atheist organizations and some other preserved constitutional rights type organizations that are, you know, a suing to prevent all this money from being spent.
But don't hold your breath. You know, that's the way it usually works because when the church speaks, when they raise their little finger, you know where they can put it.
Okay, we're out of time for the government. What are they going to have thousands of people who want to go and say the Pope?
Like thousands of people like to listen to your show. They have the right to do that. Yeah, they have the right to do it, but it doesn't cost them a penny.
What are they going to do with the crowds? Just let them be out there without.
No, not let them do anything. Let the Catholic church should take care of it. You know, let them provide a multi-billion dollar corporation.
And since we live in a secular society, those of us who are not parts of the Catholic church and don't recognize the Pope as anything other than another silly man, we don't want to subsidize it.
He is a silly man. He's a dangerous silly man. Out of danger, silly man at all.
No, yes, he is. He's the greatest. He is the greatest destructive force on the face of the earth today. There are more people suffering and starving because of the archaic dogma that he preaches than because of any other reason in the world today.
The Pope's message is one of three. No, it's not. The Pope's message is one of repression, hatred and stupidity and overpopulation and disease and desperation.
And that's the Pope's message. No, it's not. It's a fact. It's not a debatable point. It's a fact. It's plain and simple. When the Pope tells people not to use birth control, he's giving a lot of people a death sentence. You know that.
But you're a very bright and witty man and you can contort there and end. You're not responding to what I just said. Whether I'm brighter, witty has nothing to do with it. You can still be a moron and see that what the Pope is preaching is causing commendous suffering in the world today.
And when the Pope goes around the world discouraging plant parented and birth control, the Pope is also causing forced starvation and suffering. You look right in Latin America. We're suffering in this country from what's happening in Latin America today because the Pope makes those people into rabbits instead of thinking human beings.
And you call the Pope's mouth as bad. That's the message that he's preaching. No birth control of any kind. Well, that good old rhythm, which we know how well that works.
Yeah. Oh, I see you're laughing at it like it's a joke. I don't. I'm not saying that. I find it. I find it deplorable. I find it horrendous that this man continues to preach a kind of lifestyle that forces people to suffer.
What about the lifestyle that you preach about? What lifestyle do I preach? I preach live and let live. Is there something wrong with that? Well, in a sense there is. Oh, boy. Let me just say let me have my face. I'm listening to you.
I'm concerned. What are you concerned about? What are you concerned about in this world? What would you like to see as Neil Rogers contribution to society, to the world?
I'm not going to change the world. Okay. If I can make a few people laugh and retain a few people, let them have a good time. That's my contribution. I'm not here to save the world because I'm not naive.
Oh, nobody. No one person can. Well, and nobody's trying to save the world. I like to say let's all make the best of it while we're here. But what's that got to do with the Pope? Well, I you're attacking the Pope and I'm.
And you're not responding to anything that I'm saying you keep asking me what I want to do. What is that got to do with the Pope? The Pope is a very powerful individual with billions of dollars behind them at the head of a tremendously influential corporation. Why doesn't he do something positive?
Why doesn't he make people think why doesn't he help people educate people instead of keeping them in the dark ages instead of constantly condemning people? I believe that the Pope is his message is one of these in love. I think that people leave that.
Or at least I think that I'm not positive, but what the message I get from the Pope is that he wants us on this planet to help one another. Oh, yeah. Oh, love. That's why he wouldn't let Cardinal O'Connor go to Jerusalem.
He had to go to Tel Aviv because the Pope is so political. You know, he's afraid of offending the Christians and Muslims in Jerusalem. So that's as far as the Cardinal.
So you said something earlier. I don't know about the person you just spoke about. And that's also why the Pope refuses to recognize Israel, which also is conducive to love and peace and understanding.
Well, you were saying earlier about the criticism of his visit with Wal-Dine. Yeah. Okay. The Pope even went to see him went into prison to see the man that to shine him.
So what about it? Wait a minute. The Pope can forgive somebody who committed an act against him, but the Pope is not in a position to forgive somebody who was responsible for killing hundreds of thousands of people.
He's not in a position to dispense that kind of forgiveness. He just Christ. Forget about Jesus Christ. The Pope is just another guy with silly pants and a dress on. He's not Jesus Christ. He's a guy.
You he is. No, he is. It's man. It's not a subject of a kind of a thing. The Pope is a human being. He's flesh and blood. And before all of a sudden they put, you know, the new Shmata on his head. He was just another Cardinal just like all the other ones. You know, just like St. Hewziel.
Let me ask you something. Why do you think all these thousands of people are going to flock over there to see him? Do you think the Catholic pre-
For the same reason as if Olly North came marching in Miami thousands of people would flock to see him because people are groupies. That's all people have been have been brainwashed.
Well, I think you're a little bit more guilty of brainwashing than that. Not in the least, but you don't want to respond to any. You don't want to respond to anything that I bring up. You know, whether it's Yosser, Error,
or Pinochet or whether it's Kurt Baldheim or any of the worst terrorists on the face of the globe, the Pope never met a right wing fascist that he didn't like. How come that is? I believe that the Pope would go and see anybody. Yeah. Okay, man. I believe that too. Maybe he can give communion to Chuck Manson and Ted Bundy while he's here going to be in Florida might as well go see Ted. It's one and forgiveness since 24 past pigs. As a matter of fact, he was in 1984. He went to one of the sub
American countries and they were building in Venezuela some mobile mobile health care units that were costing about $250,000 a piece. These put them in rural areas where they treat minor injuries and you know, smoke bomb break bones and stuff like that. As I said, every unit was for about $250,000 because they have those things there in places where you don't have clinics, you don't have hospitals.
Well, one of the people who from the news media did something very similar what you guys just did over there. It took a very, you know, kind of objective, a ballpark figure what it cost to bring the Pope to Venezuela for three days instead there. And he came out with a conclusion that we could have had 20 of those units. Yeah, and old.
But instead we have the Pope down there. Yeah, right. And that's very sad. It is pathetic. What can I tell you on the other hand. To a lot of the people who call on your show or listen to your show. Probably we will be very difficult to believe that when you call and wait your turn to talk all they ask you is what city are you calling from right. He's got doesn't have any idea.
If you're going to be if you're going to be agreeing with you or disagree with whatever you say that's right. We don't believe in screening calls and I don't believe in that contrived crap that they do on some shows where they try to egg the color in all which a lot more exciting if you disagree. You know, that kind of crap. We don't put on a stage show here for the audience. We just let people call in whatever they say. You know, as long as it's interesting and spine with me. And I would like to know how come during the morning at this. You know, on and off that been listening to your show. How come I heard so few people disagree with me.
What you're saying. I mean, what is this is it the silent majority doesn't say anything. Well, I think the majority does disagree with what's going on here. And I don't think majority of people are happy about having to pay for a you know for symbolism because that's all this trip is you know, it's amazing to me. The Catholic Church is so big on symbols and they've brainwashed so many of their membership into being big on symbols. So, you know, the fact that people are starving to death or sleeping on sidewalks or freezing to death or you know, we have all of the hunger in third world countries. That doesn't get nearly as much.
Excitement is when you know, there's a symbolic thing going on like the Pope is going to you know run around with the schmath is on in Miami or LA or wherever the hell it's going to be. Then people get all excited because they've been brainwashed and they've already been trained to worship symbols and symbolic things.
I don't think the amount of people that go to see that is going to do that. You know, I went to University of Michigan. That's the stadium. The football stadium they can hold over a hundred thousand people. And every week we have football game was a bad ball.
Nobody was being holy or anything like that. On the other hand, I really want to congratulate you guys and please don't give up. I mean, you and Ben have to stay there.
It makes people like me feel much better when we hear somebody's airing the old. You know, at least I will not say I don't know. I hope we were right. But at least we have a way of saying what we feel about the whole thing.
Okay, now he's wandering around with Michael Talbot somewhere. I like to know who is that sexy voicey. I'm the show yesterday around five o'clock. He'll tell you he's got the pictures.
Okay, that's all he wanted. I'm telling you with those pictures. Now he's got him and that'll be the last you'll hear of her.
