well you say that all you want but i'm not going to be nice today it's a
miserable nasty day and the people in south florida want to continue being
miserable in the steve we're going to do everything in our power
to make them happy
just had a wonderful conversation with fruit cake who of course is uh... one of
the real rate he's the real reviewer radio in south florida jica and linda
thorton are you know they do a good job but uh... they pale into win
significance they aren't nearly on top of what's happening in this business
as uh... our friend down in kindle is and of course uh... we just had an
interesting conversation there are rumors i don't want to
spill the beans on the air but there are rumors that someone who used to work here
on the weekend has gotten his toes on the fire again
in tampa and before i can substantiate those rumors i'm not going to let it all
out including the word that he allegedly said again on the air but uh...
it's just amazing what goes on in this business anyway we do have his
Kathy uh... promised you are threatened you we have four open hours again
and i'd made mention on her show if you were listening that we do have a lot of
interesting guest coming up this week and in future weeks in the only reason
we haven't had any guests in so long
is because we've been uh... changing producers like some people change their
underwear
in fact uh... more often and some people change their underwear which is pretty
embarrassing but uh... so we've really been in limbo and of course lori is here
and we're all excited about that
and she has that programming office so organized now that it's like it's like
antiseptic in there i mean you can't uh...
you can eat off the floor it's so clean
in fact when i went in there this morning i noticed there were a couple of
the news people eating off the floor was fantastic
anyway i just want to mention maybe we'll talk a little bit about restaurants
today because last night
it's easy to knock anybody can knock and i do that all the time because the audience
loves that they
act i had a let i had a great letter last week from somebody who was uh...
urging me on they really enjoy when i tear into
institutions or people or whatever and i guess you know they're kind of the same
mentality that i am at the end it said kill
in other words just absolutely rip everybody not i want to do that because if
somebody does a good job
we like to give them credit and speaking of that and he's so chan is going to be
here today and he's topic is the future of eastern airlines is going to have
gym ashlock here
and also ernie is promised he's going to apologize for his intemperate behavior
last saturday when you attack the
campaign on the early bird and all of that mail and when he made that rather
pathetic plea
for all those young listers of his to send in cards
and uh... ernie and i kind of went through some of his mail together here the
other day and the youngest was about a hundred and seven i mean it was incredible
even the postcard to look kind of wilted and it was amazing so he's finally come
into the real world and
is beginning to understand where it's at
now christy's is a restaurant in corral gables there was a friend of mine who
uh... had a birthday yesterday i want to mention bill called her name because
somebody over there get all upset
but uh... bill turned thirty nine yesterday and he always writing a message on
the screen now taking a shot at called her leave the man alone he just celebrated
a birthday he's got that beautiful new car
and that he's got his good friend over there with a pinstripe suit leave the
guy alone
uh... all i know used to make fun of me ordering the uh... onion suit well i
didn't have the old parmesan okay that made him happy because they don't have
that on the menu but they do have great stakes
anyway
i always felt that burn stay-cows intemper had the best french onion suit
the studio was a close second the studio has
sensational onion suit but i'm talking about with the thick
cheeses
is there such a word is cheeses we got into that years ago when i was in west
palm beach and
today or station
he's the only one who knows anything the rest of us just sit in here and we start
fumbling around and he writes on his messages on the screen and really uh... is
the nuts and bolts
and of course with what they pay him it's no wonder that he has a lot of time to
sit up there and read because uh... you know
it's embarrassing
anyway he says it was dragged to it by his brother one day and he just couldn't
believe how bad it was and i second emotion trevys
and i saw uh... who's my friend over there a channel for
see now i'm going to depend on you for everything
what is her name the one who does the little puff feature at the end of the
five thirty news every day
we have a new format now i just ask questions and i'll have kyle fill in the
names robin carter you don't have to give me the
and i saw robin over there and she very nice lady by the way i like her a lot
she's a super person and she did a nice segment on my dating show a few years
ago and she just uh...
a wonderful lady but again why she was eating there i have no idea a lot of
people who are really and they have marino's pictures all over the walls there
and you think that it would be a really great place i mean guy who makes the
pasta primavera
it says it was covered by contact cement
yeah it was uh... gruesome i mean it was really terrible
and why guy with marino's money would either trevys one has to wonder but you get
the impression that marino uh... he endorses everything you know that he lives
in about eighty different places if you believe all he adds
and uh... hey listen i don't blame a more power to him whatever he can grab
good luck to him that's what it's all about i've got so many things to talk
about here this morning i really should have made a couple of notes
i was over a channel thirty three yesterday and had a meeting with bob greasy who's
also a super guy bob is just uh... unnatural
and a really nice guy we're getting ready to do the hurricane baseball game
starting march thirteen on channel thirty three
and who should walk in but a gentleman named gerry car who is from rochester new
york my hometown maybe that's what we'll do today
because i've always said that most of rochester and upstate new york is down here
and i know that the other people in the audience get very upset
very upset not to mention terminally bored when we start talking about that and
that that's good say because it's kind of like an in thing
it's like when the new yorkers from the city start calling and talking about all
the favorite delis in places that none of the rest of us ever heard of and we
don't care we're not interested in that
so this is like kind of getting even but anyway uh... and i thought this man
look
the most horrifying movie you'll see this year
happens in broad daylight
they look like senior citizens but behind the wheel on the open road they
become the driving dead
yes death travels at five miles per hour dead from the neck up they
ceaselessly prowl the streets of the city striking mind numbing fear into the
hearts and minds of drivers everywhere see them come to a dead halt in the
middle of an intersection see them ruthlessly ignore stoplights see them drive
all day with a turn signal on so chilling you'll be afraid to drive home from
the theater don't miss the driving dead coming to a dead stop near you
ten eighteen and w i n z buddy a middle aged in the shameless
would you believe that a certain host in town i don't want to mention Steve
Keynes name because he enjoys it when we uh... pick on him
you know that he had dr bombus on his show yesterday as a good look at car car
is rolling rolling i mean when you talk about being so desperate that you will
take anybody that you will rip off i when you start taking alan bernard's old
guests and i mean old you've reached the end of the line the end of the line we'll
get into that and just to wear on a daily basis and you have to the best thing
to do is get a scorecard and a pencil with a bigger racer don't get a pen but a
pencil with a gigantic eraser and it is changing and frantically moving things
around and just go nuts which is always of course the sign of really knowing
what you're doing but uh... when steve can can bring on a guy like dr bombus after
he's had his friend the amazing randy on debunking psychics and pretending to be
uh... poking fun at it i got to tell you that's the ultimate
desperation i mean talk about reaching new lows and new levels of desperation that's
what they've done over there just incredible so this market continues to be uh...
more and more bizarre as each day goes by it just uh... you shake your head in
amazement wonder what the hell's going on
also can't be mentioned this this morning in frank was reading it on the news over
and over again because we want to make sure that uh... the youngsters out there
know that they're going to have an extra holiday in date county this fall
an extra day off
when pope john paul the second comes to south florida that's right in fact the uh...
upi store even says
moshi puppet come here is some uh... major
religious figure i'm not talking about one of the government leaders because that
would certainly never qualify but some major religious leader from israel
uh... come to south florida come to visit the beach for example with a declare a
school holiday of course not
if or a robert's came here on his last legs waiting for god to take him desperately
begging for those final few million uh... would be declared a holiday in a way
but the pope is going to come here in september and right away the state is
thinking about declaring a holiday and the schools are letting all the kids out
and everybody's just gonna have a wonderful time what is it that he's going to do
when it comes here it's bad enough he's coming here president ragan is going to have a private meeting with
