And now I continue with Neil Rogers' suite.
16 Neil Rogers in a row without music,
phone call, commercial, or Glen Hill interruption.
94 Wi and C.
Your bodice record, you've seen his film.
You'll even purchase the dayglow velvet memorial paintings of the gas station.
As the true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all, but wait, there's more.
Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis' last telephone conversations.
Yes, it's the Elvis text.
Go on, baby. This is Elvis.
Now what you're going to write down, make me a big peanut butter and never so much.
I'll be going on butter and an Elvis order, they're getting there too with the night.
You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments.
All season, the most busy, benham and it's always the Elvis.
Once you bring over, come on, large cars, carmen, this is free.
I'll make a sex double-choose.
Yeah, I'm hauntlin', haunt me long, and I'm hungry.
And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one true love of his life.
Walk your back, walk your back, I'm a lot of baby.
And I don't do it back, because you pick up some doughnuts places.
There you go, baby, don't talk.
Well, I'll do it back.
The Elvis text.
I'll give him a little bit more gold.
Available now. He runs doors everywhere.
Don't worry, I'll give him a little bit more gold.
I'll give him a little bit more gold.
OK, 10.09 at W.I.N.C.
We hope you're just having a marvelous life out there in spite of the fact that we're all kind of mired here together in this vast wasteland, this gigantic mong of mediocrity.
You have that page that I was missing there so we can tell everybody how badly talked that.
Can you believe that talked that came in number one at night?
Oh boy, that kind of takes the luster off of the whole book, doesn't it?
It says something about the market.
Now seriously, they had a 7.5 share on talknet and what did old chair have there?
Oh, holy Toledo, a 4.7.
Well, I guess a lot of those old rednecks you're dying off now, huh?
Either they ended up getting blown away with their own 357 magnum's one or the other, but things are not good in redneckville.
Well, you know, listen, you know, like Jackless Schooly, may he rest in peace, he kept chain smoking those cigarettes, and these guys that keep eating those pickled eggs and sauces as I'm telling you, they never make it past 50.
Trust me when I tell you.
So anyway, we have quite a show here today. Believe me when I tell you, we have quite a show we've got all kinds of great stuff that hasn't even been invented yet.
And I made the horrible mistake of taking Stan Major to dinner last night at Benagans, up in sunrise.
And boy, Benagans is kind of like a sit down,broward mall. I mean, it's just amazing. He was stugling and oggling and foaming at the mouth.
And he embarrassed me so badly. I can't be in a tight. He called our waiter over. He called this young guy over.
And he said to him, he said that waitress in the red dress, the brunette. I'm not making a stop. This is a true story.
He said, he engaged and this poor kid looked at him like, you know, did they just let you out and work release or something?
I mean, is this for and the kid said, well, I can find out. And I looked at Stan with a look that could kill.
And I guess that finally broke him. You know, he said, no, that's okay. That's all right. I shamed him out of it.
Well, no, this was after dinner already. Kyle's writing. He would have walked out and left him there. Well, he was driving. That was the only problem.
It's matter of fact, it's not really that far away. I would have walked home. But he was serious. He was really serious.
He thought this kid was going to go over and find out if this waitress was engaged.
Why do you have the coloring book in here this morning? Is there some special reason for it? And then, of course, we had a stop at Windixi, but it was a very brief pit stop because Stan had to get home in time to watch the
Miss Teenage America pageant last night. I must confess that when I went home, I watched the Braves Metz game. And then I watched the end of the Ankees game with great delight watching them lose in the ninth inning.
Oh, here's Mary Hart. Her legs are insured to two million dollars by Lloyds of London. Isn't that great?
She has a leg up on the competition. Isn't that cute? All America is talking about Mary Hart's legs. I didn't even know Mary Hart had any legs because she never gets out of that chair.
She sits there like a Barbie doll and the only thing that moves her lips. That's incredible.
Get that out of here. Would you please? Well, thank you so much for bringing me in page two and we can find out where to W snooze. So they were right down there near the bottom of page two. They came in the number nine in the market.
Over at W. W. Lose number nine. And of course in the evening from seven of midnight, they were number six with the 4.7 share. I mean, talk net just blew them out of the water. And of course, we all know how exciting talk net is, right?
So based on that, that should tell you a lot right there. In the case you missed yesterday, instead of course went overboard and he just got carried away, but it makes for an easy show, you know, tinkling all over about my nine share and a great ratings on this show.
I said, you know, he had the best of intentions, but was an easy way to kill a show. And he did make no mistake about it, boy, he just buried it, but he's doing it in the afternoon now. We're not sure we know what he's doing, but he is doing it in the audience. It's true. Well, yeah, he is trolling. That's no question about that. And maybe one of these days when he least expects it.
As little Christie would say, lightning will strike. Why do I feel like the hunchback of Notre Dame? You know what is because this Mike, this Mike boom of his, I've discovered that it just kind of like falls. You notice that you have to kind of like hover almost have to do the show on your hands and knees. No smart comments now from the audience. Okay. Don't get wise this early in the morning.
I almost feel just like playing a whole whole bunch of good stuff here or dropping a bunch of good stuff on the floor.
Serious. We like to share good stuff as we ward to the audience. Also, by the way, before we play anything else, what did I do with Linda Thornton's column? Is this it? She mentioned something about one of our favorites about Ricky Tiki.
Where is it? Oh, yeah, the last thing. She says, if Rick Sean, auction your door this morning, you'll know you want a new Nissan auto 10,000 cash trips for two on the wax of ski vacation and cruise.
The winner will be picked in a drawing on waxes morning show and shall deliver the good tidings in person. And when he knocks on your door, he will say,
I am not a Nazi. Can't you just see him walking around from house to house, knocking on doors with that silly blue cap?
Oh, did you hear what he just said? Don't open his mic today. He said goose stepping.
What a disgusting. I think you owe a formal apology right now. I think probably the station attorneys will be coming in here with a letter and you'll have to offer a formal apology to Mr Shaw.
In Iran, they used to just call him the Shaw, but on waxy, we call a Mr Shaw.
No, I'm serious. He's going to be so upset about that he's not convinced that the appearance would lend a thorn and, you know, clear his image. So he's running around door to door all over town, knocking on doors.
And when you open the door, and you see the guy there standing there with that can, what is that stuff that he pedals to shine to shine your car with?
I don't know what the name of that stuff, but he's going to be standing there with a can of that in one hand. His cap on his head covering up his gigantic bald spot from the front of his forehead to the back of his neck, saying
I am not a Nazi. All of us on Florida. Boy, you're in rare form today. We don't have to open his mic. They can hear him in the ojas. I'm serious. And by the way, I must confess rarely does this show cause me sleepless nights used to because I used to take it seriously. Now it's a big joke.
But last night I wasn't from the show, just from the issue. I was so agitated for some reason about this damn metro commission and this miserable lying creep George Valdez.
And I was doing a show in my head. I was lying there in bed trying to sleep and I was doing a show in my head seriously. And I just couldn't stop. And I thought, what are you doing this for? Nobody's hearing you.
And I couldn't handle it. And I'm going to go nuts about that today. I know it's going to be two days in a row that we're going to get a little on the serious side, but I can't handle it. I mean these douche bags. And isn't it? You know, here they're all belly aching about the bad publicity. They have to have somebody to blame, right?
They have to have somebody to blame. So they blame the New York Times. And they're all screaming, bloody murder about how they're damaging our image and about how great things are now. We've turned the corner. Everything's wonderful. Everybody's getting along well as if we're supposed to believe that. And now they're going to put this on the ballot again.
And I hope that in September when they have that public hearing that they just jammed the chambers and they let any of these commissioners know that if they vote because they have to have one more vote on it, second reading, if they vote to have that referendum that will have a recall for every one of the commissioners votes for it.
It'll be more than happy to leave that recall drive on this show. We'll even take so we'll bring out all what's his name from the mouth balls with his suit George Shulti. He's got the petitions all printed up already, right? He's tried 85 times to recall them. Well, this time we'll even join him. I mean anybody. I don't care who it takes.
And to get these creeps out of office here, man, talk about divisive. Even the people from a salad of all of all organizations have said this community cannot afford anymore problems or any more divisions anymore polarization.
And I don't know how to do like that from us, Valdo Soto, chairman of salad, proving that you can have your salad and eat it too.
I mean, what a bunch of spineless disgusting vulgar cowards. These nine metro commissioners. Shall we name them? Shall I go down the list from memory? You notice there are no notes.
Nine. May it well nine is a familiar number on this show. May your Steve Spinalist pardon me for being a douchebag Clark. Okay, that's number one.
Number two Harvey Riven who can't find his dog. Number three, Barry pardon me for being in the Anderthal disgusting pandering.
Any it Shriver that's number three, right? Then we have Clara Osterly one of the godmothers of the metro rail. She's number four Beverly Phillips, something out of animal farm. She's number five George Valdes, no speaking in English.
Number six, who am I leaving a Barbara carry number seven? You know, all the protesters are racist. I heard that I heard Valdes and his broken Spanish. Now wait a minute, Barbara carries number seven, right? Are we up to seven? Jim Redford is number eight, another Neanderthal and Sherman. I saved him for last win. Sherman lose, who's seconded, you know, this motion the other day. And of course, isn't that interesting that Valdes originally was against the
referendum, but if this is the best, he can get and the only way he can reopen all the sores again and pander to the Cuban voters in Dave County, then that's what it'll do. A bunch of douchebags down there at the Metro Commission.
Boy, I'll tell you, I had my head was pounding. I was lying there in bed just like half awake and my head was pounding because we've been through this so many times before with these with these assholes. That's what they are.
Will the real chief asshole in Dave County please stand up? Now when we say chief, of course, that could mean like as in police chief like Clarence Dixon.
And there can be no question that Clarence Dixon is an asshole. There's no doubt about that. Am I right? Absolutely.
Cowboy Dixon. Cowboy Dixon. He'd be a good chief. Cowboy Dixon. He'd be a good boy.
I'm ready to go back with him. He's shaper again. I'll tell you that's how desperate I am. Terry Roberts. Oh, yes, you're wrong. I'm telling you that's how hysterical I am. I don't give it to him who it takes to get these assholes out of office in Dave County because that's what they are. They're disgusting. They're a disgrace. Can't you just see? I mean, it's not bad. The New York Times, at least, you know, was here. There was nothing new. It's if they would have just left it alone. It's no big deal. That'll that'll fade. That'll pass away in no time. But if they bring up this thing again, and we have it on the ballot day,
in March, this is only the middle of July. And they're going to have the hearing in September. That means months and months, even Helene start. Well, no, not Helene start. We don't want her. We're not that this.
Do you realize how much the national media will be here? The cameras will be rolling. People will be screaming and yelling about, you know, what language we should speak. Is it debatable? I mean, do we have to just because Mr. Valdez can't speak English? Does that mean that there's a debate on what the language of the country is?
And then, of course, the English only movement will really take off. It'll get going. And this state is just going to be like hysteria.
Thanks to these gutless cowards who didn't have the courage just to say to Valdez, go away Jose. And I'll get lost.
Exactly. The English herald is now a supplement to El Herald. In fact, pretty soon, those of you in Dave County are going to be getting El Herald on the outside.
And if you're leaf through it, when the inside, there'll be a little tiny English supplement. The Miami herald in English. Exactly. One little tiny section.
When is the SME goes? That's going to be the herald. And of course, are they busy pandering? There was something in there again today that you showed me.
You know, we don't... And of course, we have this shortage of people who can speak Spanish in Dave County. That's what we're all concerned about, right?
Oh, yeah, we have a tremendous shortage of people who can't speak esponial. Oh, boy.
I'm telling you, I'm just going nuts from the whole thing. So I'm just going to play a lot of stuff here today.
I mean, you see how desperate we are already? That's desperation.
The sky is the most beautiful thing.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
The music of the 60s.
Now, imagine the music a beauty college.
And the rapping of Curtis Low.
Now, imagine the music of Curtis Low.
Well, I've looked at lives from both sides now,
from both sides now,
from both sides, now,
and now,
and still somehow,
It's Barcelona.
I'm a solution.
Kick it off.
Then I, Rick, don't.
I'll make it all known.
Wrap it on.
Check it out.
Check it out.
Check it out.
That's it.
All the things are more important, incredible.
Well, record, said.
Crap it on the 60s.
From Capco.
Hear the fat boys do Dylan.
Hey.
It's a tabaree man.
Play your tab for me.
In the dream for the time of the morning.
Happy following you.
Kick it out.
Now that's Craping on the 60s.
Exclusively from Crapco Records.
Where are we all we say?
You buy this.
You buy anything.
Check it out.
Okay, we send it out for Chief Dixon this morning.
23 minutes past 10 at W.Y.
And so you don't you think Chief Dixon ought to have his boon in the box?
So you can take away the box and he can break the ants on it.
Okay, let's take it again.
Number one, it sounds very good.
27 past 10 at W.Y.
And so we have a little something for everybody today.
We have the George Valdez doll.
When you take it home and squeeze it, it goes.
Astalue.
And we're going to be selling having a special on those little bit later on.
And we also have something special for Stan Major today.
She's a woman of the 80s.
Hello, Dave.
Be here at 8.
All right.
She knows what she wants.
Hi, Andy.
Meet you at 9.30.
Okay?
And she doesn't care what other people say.
Dale is 10.30 good for you.
Great.
That's why she wants the fragrance that says exactly what she is.
She's on impulse.
Every man she wants to know.
Such an info.
She's a girl who can say no.
You from Jacques Saint-A-Rong.
It's Nympho.
And whether it's dinner with that special someone or an intimate encounter with Adelaise Cowboys.
You'll want to wear the perfume that's as cheap as you are.
Oh, hello, Coach Landry.
Could you send over the defense of unit at 2.30?
Oh, great.
Yes, it's the fragrance that says I'm easy because face it girl, you are.
It's Nympho.
Okay, that's for Stan.
And of course, he probably will be playing that every five minutes now, right?
He'll be alternating that with Madonna and Abba.
And it probably give you a little rundown on the Miss Teenage America page in last night.
He was watching it, I understand, very closely.
I promised he was going to go home and take notes and tape it and freeze frame and slum all and all that good stuff.
And I was telling Stan last night that we live in a very sexist society.
You know, we have the Miss America and the Miss Universe and the Miss World and the Miss Teenage America.
We don't have any comparable male contests.
And we do have like Mr. Universe or some stupid thing like that, but that's for all those grotesque bodybuilders, you know, like Arnold Schwarzenegger
and all those disgusting grotesque revolting subhuman creatures that look like they just came from Mars or something.
But, you know, what can I say?
We live in a very sexist society.
And if all those diesel bikes and now continue the way it is, men are just going to kind of like vanish into oblivion.
They're all going to look like George Michael.
I do notice by the way that in the latest video George Michael has switched ears with the earring.
It's now in his left ear.
I want your sex where of course there are all those scenes with the women, all those suggestive scenes in a video.
And of course if there's anybody in the audience who believes that, they'll also believe that our FM was number one in the book.
But that's another story.
Now we don't know. We're not going to attack them today.
Come on. Didn't we agree that we're not going to attack them?
I mean, there are 33 stations ranked.
If I, if I caught all of this, there are 33 radio 35.
I'm sorry radio stations ranked in the arbitraron ratings.
And our FM was not down there in the 30s.
They were actually in the teens in some, in some category 17.
Um, 36.
Oh, wait a minute. 36.
I thought they were only 35.
36.
No. Can that be possible?
But that's only a couple of categories, like time spent listening.
In other words, a lot of people sampled.
But, uh, quick flick of the wrist.
Well, I don't stop because they're really doing it over there now.
And, uh, aren't they?
Do they?
Are we going to turn his mic on?
No, okay.
No, that's okay with me.
Kyle said no, and that's, um, that's fine with me.
You don't want it on anyway, do you?
It's a lot less threatening.
You can just make little sounds in the background.
But anyway, getting back to these morons and a metro commission, um, you know, how can they possibly do this?
How can they have the conscience?
And of course, some of them like Ruvan, who's a real jerk, he says his vote should be only read is willingness to schedule.
The public hearing on September 1st.
And of course, that's right before Labor Day.
That's probably, I don't have a calendar here, but that's probably like Labor Day weekend or something.
And everybody will be out of town.
They always do that kind of crap.
And that means that, um, you know, far fewer people are likely to show up than ordinarily would.
Although I have a feeling that some of us might do our best to try to pack the metro commission chambers on that day and see that we really have a turn on.
And in between now, and then I think what we ought to probably do is give out the phone numbers for all these assholes on the metro commission and have people just bombard them.
I'm serious.
Bombard them with calls because I'm hysterical about this.
You know, I mean, we already had the vote seven years ago, which was for a particular purpose because the burial boat lift was going on.
Everything was out of hand.
The town was in chaos.
And there were a lot of people who felt they were just totally losing control of what was going on in this town.
And through my audiences, a matter of fact, that whole issue got on the ballot that passed overwhelmingly in November of 80, about 60 to 40 percent, which is a very, you know, it's a landslide.
That's a big margin, any election.
And the idea that now because the nature of the population is changing now, let's have another election because now maybe we can, you know, overturn that just to stick the language and everybody's throat and polarized the community again.
That's just what we need, Mr. Valdes.
You idiot.
You moron.
You jackass.
You disgusting subhuman Creighton.
The only reason he wants it is because he can't speak English.
How the hell long has he been here?
And he can just barely make out a few words, barely understand what this Creighton says.
And he's sitting there on a metro commission.
Of course, how he got there originally is kind of interesting because he wasn't originally elected to the metro commission.
He was appointed by Governor Graham of all people to fill the vacancy.
I think it was when Neil Adams had a resign under duress.
I'm pretty sure that's when it was.
Wasn't it frank when Neil Adams quit that they put the Jorge on the commission?
Whoever it was, it was an appointment by our illustrious former governor.
And then of course, Mr. Valdes lied to the people in my show and he got himself reelected.
Now, you know, he figures everybody forgot about that.
And we're not going to bring him out of the closet and he can open this whole thing up again.
What is that going to accomplish?
And isn't it amazing how everybody in Dade County, if they don't want it to be a bilingual, county is a bigot.
But there isn't any other county in the United States in any state that's bilingual.
So I guess we have the only bigots in America, either that or everybody else might be a bigot.
Like in Los Angeles or San Antonio or El Paso or anyplace else where they have large groups of Hispanics or Chinese or whatever the hell it is.
Have all those Polish people in Chicago and in Buffalo?
Do they ever have a referendum as to whether it ought to be bilingual, as to whether Polish ought to be the, you know,
a bilingual language in Buffalo or Italian and Rochester or Syracuse?
Pretty soon we'll have to have some Indian language in Hollywood, you know, by the Seminole Indian reservation,
we'll have to have a referendum in Hollywood to see if we can make smoke signals so you know, equal the English language.
And of course, if you've talked to some of the people who live in Hollywood believe me, smoke signals would be the best way to communicate with some of them.
Yeah, how about a trilingual ordinance? Why don't we get Creole?
How about that? Let's get Creole on there too.
Yeah, exactly. No, not New Orleans. What is this man? Don't open his mic. He has no idea what he's talking about. Creole.
Yeah, all those Haitians in New Orleans, yeah. For this man, I'm going to tell you is just not well. He is not well at all.
He's going into a perpetual cackle in about 20 minutes. He will never stop.
They're just going to have him locked in a chair somewhere and he's just going to be sitting there cackling for the rest of his life.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hour after hour day after day, just making that sound. I have to feed him intraniously.
Just cleaned out little one there, so to speak.
I don't even like talking about this subject because I think that it's been beaten into the ground. It's not a debatable point.
The last time we looked, Dave County was, I mean, granted it was barely hanging on, but it was still on the map in the state of Florida.
In that phallic symbol that hangs down in an embarrassing fashion from the rest of the USA.
And it was still in the United States, English is the language and enough with this crap already and enough with embarrassing the community and bringing back all of these old arguments in the fact that these eight commissioners Beverly wasn't there. She was on having a couple of lunches.
But she was out at shorties having 40 pounds of ribs, you know, but the fact that all eight of these Neanderthals sat there and voted, you know, to go ahead and let's put this on a ballot and we'll have our second reading in September and this public hearing is pubic hearing.
Unbelievable, disgusting.
I think as bald those so to share.
That's how it says this community cannot afford anymore problems anymore divisions anymore polarization. The referendum idea is a cop out.
It is nothing but political expediency. Now, I'm not sure I know what he means by that because I think what he would like to do is just have the commission overturned.
But I'm not sure I don't want to put words in his mouth, but at least he's got the guts to say that which is great.
I don't think anybody in their right mind in this town wants to go through this all over again. We can't afford it.
And Mr. Pereira and Mr. Odeus and all you other jackasses down there who have been whining and screaming and carrying on and blaming the New York Times.
Anything that was written in there on Sunday, pales into wind significance compared to the shame to the sprays, the humiliation that you would bring upon this town by having another referendum on this and bringing it all back again.
I just can't imagine that we could survive that. So maybe they're trying to answer the question, you know, can Miami save itself? Maybe they're trying to give a quick answer. No way Jose.
Are you. It's like they've taken this gigantic nail and they're just all getting together with a big hammer and they're pounding the last nail in the coffin of Dave County.
What a disgrace. What a subhuman act.
And sometimes during the show, do we have the numbers of all of the Metro commissioners in the news department.
We must maybe someone. I don't want to mention any names, but maybe someone Frank would to get those for us and we could give him on the air and the people could begin bombarding their offices and just screaming bloody murder.
We don't need this again. Cut the crap. Put it to rest. The people have already spoken. You know, the idea that we have to keep having another referendum just because the population changes. I don't give a damn if 70% of the people who live in Dave County are Hispanic.
Dave County is still part of America. The language is still English. What the hell difference does it make?
I mean, are they going to have a referendum in in Michigan or in Liberty City and we're going to make black dialect and you know, co equal with the English because 95% of the people who live in those areas, you know, are black. I mean, that makes a lot of sense, doesn't it?
Boy, I mean, the fact that I was lying there and I couldn't sleep just thinking about this last night indicates one of several things, one of which might be that I'm losing it. That's possible.
But when you live in this town long enough, you do begin to lose it. You begin to just lose your mind because you can't believe that they keep doing these same stupid divisive, hateful things over and over and over again because they want a pander.
Now, isn't Valdez up for reelection again this year? I'm not really sure which of the because we have those staggered elections. That means the politician staggered all over town.
And it's very hard to tell who's running when, you know, but I think that Valdez is up for reelection again this year. It wouldn't be great to find somebody anybody to run against him.
Who would be somebody good like a Tom Fiedler maybe he'd be good.
No, seriously, we could find somebody anybody to run against this creep and get him the hell out of office already because this is the last. I mean, right here, it's like they've drawn the line in the ground. You know, this is the last gasp.
And if they repeal that ordinance and we go back to being officially bilingual, they think that's going to be the end of it. That's just going to be the beginning.
I mean, you're going to have hysteria over that people are going to be at each other's throats.
Oh, yeah, we could run Daffy for audience for, yeah, for office. Wouldn't that be great? Yeah. Yeah, somebody who's got an image of a kind of right wing bigot. Yeah. Exactly. Very good thinking.
We're going to be getting those numbers for you any moment. No, we are. Trust me. Any day, those numbers are going to be coming rolling in to this studio.
We're going to pass them along to you. And I want to see the people in this audience of all ages calling those metro commission offices and letting them really have it.
And letting them know that if they go ahead and vote for this referendum on the first of September, they were going to have recall election for every one of them who votes for it.
And unlike the governor's situation, which is it's a shame because the law doesn't give us any provision to recall the governor in this stupid state.
But the metro commissioners can be recalled. It's not all that difficult. It's not all that tough, especially with something like this to go out and get the number of signatures you need on the petitions to get the election.
And we'll do it because I want to remind some of these commissioners that it was through my program seven years ago that we got the anti bilingual ordinance on the ballot in the first place through the petition drive.
And that was long time ago when I had an audience that was half the size of this one and a lot of those people were already the walking dead in that audience. I mean, they weren't even breathing.
And we still were able to do it. So you can imagine now. And I know that Stan would go nuts on this thing, too. There's no question about it. And maybe even some of the other hot hosting town like Bill McQuig.
He doesn't speak English. But as he speak, he speaks a seven eleven ease.
We're still waiting, by the way, for those names and numbers. They're coming in any second, folks.
But while we're waiting, I think we got to do something else for the audience, don't you? I mean, they've been so great. And it's easy for us to sit here and, you know, brag about the numbers and have Stan come on and tinkle all over and do that kind of stuff.
Oh, look at that. There's the directory. Okay, while we're waiting while we're looking them up, the children.
Okay, time for that, Timmy. Why? Because you need your rest. Why? Because if you don't get some sleepy, be grumpy in the morning and nobody likes a grump. Why? Because people who are grumpy, you'll end up screaming nobody likes them. Why?
The children. You think you're in charge?
Oh, where's my friends? Mom, where's my clothes? Where's my mom? Mommy, mommy.
The children. They're cute. They're small. They're relentless. Well, maybe careful with that.
You keep telling yourself it's only a movie, but it's not. Yes, once you experience the children, your life will never be the same. And coming soon, hey, back. Can I have like to kiss the BMW or what?
The teenagers from reality film.
Ted, what are you doing in the Volvo?
From the producers of the children. Comes another slice of real life, Karen.
The market of friends.
The reality films presents. The teenagers.
Good night, kids. Remember to keep that stereo low.
Okay, my way promise.
What teenagers caught somewhere between childhood and adulthood?
I mean, the only thing that certain is.
I don't get a pair of all-hoods.
Hey, Mr. Tremor. Tell your daughter I'm ready to take it to the slumber party.
But I thought that was just for girls.
Yes, you're. I show you something just for girls.
When they go through puberty, you go through health. The teenagers.
Now the struggling 11 room near you.
Okay, 1044 at W.I.C.
That was the way to fill the time we've got all the numbers now for the, oh, this is exciting.
It really is. This is really exciting.
Now, I want you to sharpen up your pencils.
I want everybody to get a pencil and a piece of paper.
And I know that the majority of you won't do it because you're a bunch of lazy takers.
You know, you sit back. You won't do it.
But, you know, for once in your life do something constructive.
Here's a chance to call these idiots and bitch them out.
And really let them know what's on your mind.
I'm going to give you nine different phone numbers.
Do you think they can handle that?
No, that's a lot.
What? Well, I give them about two an hour?
No, come on, they can handle it.
I mean, if they can handle a stand show, they can handle this.
Barry Schreiber.
Are you ready?
375-516-0.
You don't have to write down all nine. Just do the ones that you hate the most.
George Valdez. Now, this is the one that everybody ought to call.
No matter what language you speak, I'm really curious.
As, in fact, his aid is two aids.
The names are Mabel Cavavid and Daisy Hernandez.
Yeah, just to coincidence, I guess.
That's the name.
Right.
George Valdez, 375-515.
Barbara Kiri.
375.
Well, Barbara, she kind of be the token.
375-5205 is her number.
375-5205.
Sherman Win, another real Neanderthal.
375-5128.
Harvey Rooven.
We like to talk about the good things that are happening in Dave County.
Neil, that's semester-roven.
375-5076.
375-5076.
Jim Redford.
And you better speak nicely to him because you might shoot you if you don't.
375-5121.
375-5121.
For those of you who like to eat a lot, you can call Beverly Phillips.
375-5117.
375-5117.
And Clara Astrely.
375-5123.
375-5123.
Steve Clark.
Let's see.
That's, um, 375-5137.
5305.
The honorable mayor, the Metro mayor.
Steve pardon me for being a moron, Clark.
375-5305.
So those are the numbers for all nine of those Neanderthals.
And I know that we've got a good core of people out there who are up in arms about this
and are not going to sit back and let them destroy what little we have left to this town,
especially right on the heels of all this other bad publicity.
And right on the heels of all their hysteria.
And they want to reopen all the wounds again.
Oh yeah, sure.
Let's, uh, you know, let's pass the buck.
Let's put it on the ballot again.
Let's put it on the ballot every couple of years so we don't have to deal with this.
Should never have been there in the first place.
What happened is back in 1972, the late mayor, Orrin, is infinite wisdom in the commission.
One day, just arbitrarily decided, wouldn't be a nice way to pander to the Cuban voters
to make this county bilingual.
We won't ask anybody about it.
We'll just do it.
And they did it.
And so, Dave County for eight years was the only county in any state in this country
that was officially bilingual that was like saying, well, we're really kind of a foreign country.
We're like Switzerland.
And the voters said,
Adios.
In 1980, and that was the end of that.
We thought we hoped.
But oh, no, let's put it on the ballot again so we can, you know, fight and tear and rip and shred
and just destroy the whole community all over again and bring that great focus in on our town again.
Get some more real good press just in time for the tourist season.
Unbelievable.
Okay, let me give the numbers out because I have a feeling that there might,
there might just be one or two people in the audience who got something to say about this.
If not, that's okay.
Okay, it's 11 before 11 at Wednesday.
We're going to come nine minutes before 11.
Buenos dias, amigos.
And let's start in high a lea.
Good morning.
Good morning, Neil.
It is not a bilingual county.
I'm not saying what you just said.
I'll say good morning.
Neil, I want to first congratulate you on the 9.0 rating of the town rating.
I'm sorry, didn't just call you yesterday, but one of the silly reasons that this George Bell death,
the city commissioner, the city county commissioner has mentioned as to why it should be too excuse me.
Put on the ballot is because of hurting people's feelings.
Yeah, hurting people's feelings.
Isn't that great?
Like it's a really pressing issue.
It's on everybody's lips, you know, every day, who we got to repeal that ordinance.
Like it really has some kind of effect on everybody's life in this community.
You know, here's Pereira a couple of days ago talking about we don't have enough money in the new budget.
We got to make all these cutbacks.
And we don't know where the money is going to come from.
And we got to cut social services again.
We got all of these gigantic problems, the drug problem.
And you name it.
We got it in Dave County.
But you know, all we have to worry about is whether we have the official declaration of being bilingual
because we don't want to hurt anybody's feelings.
This man ought to be recalled now.
This man.
Now.
He's an idiot.
I remember way back when he was on your show.
And I just don't approve of a County Commissioner being a dot-by liar.
Absolutely.
He said, and you heard it, and a lot of other people heard it.
He wouldn't do this.
And here he is.
He figures everybody's forgotten about that.
And now before the elections, he's going to pander and, you know, do his damnedest to get everybody, you know, on his side.
To get all his good Hispanic friends on his side.
All right, now, thank you very much.
We'd like to.
Thank you, Paul.
Bye-bye.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you.
And you're like nobody wants to excel, responsibility in our government is the fact that they're not a combo.
And I'm telling them that,
unless there's a, you know, different formal government, the strong mayor, or a formal government,
unfortunately, 치 is, we're going to continue to have these problems.
Yeah, but where you going to find such a person who you're going to have his strong mayor, Steve Clark?
I mean, he's about as strong as a couple week tea.
Yeah, well, I have to bring Ed KLauch down here.
They're not too happy with him up in New York now.
I'll bring him down here.
OK, man.
OK.
At least he's got a sense of humor.
The only thing we would want him to leave best
mayorson in New York, though.
We would require him to do that.
And I'm sure he'd be delighted to do it.
For Lauderdale, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Hi.
First, I'd like to congratulate you on your ratings.
They're fantastic.
Thanks.
And it just goes to show what fantastic show you do have.
Exactly.
When you got a sick mind, man, it
draws audience like a magnet.
That's right.
I'm a little sick, too.
So that's why I listen.
Right.
But anyway, I got a little bit of a 40 anyway.
You were right.
The Ricky Shaw this morning, because it turned out
that my sister-in-law is the one that won that.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
And you know what he said when he came to her door?
It's a lie.
I am not.
I'm not sick.
Well, when he came to her door, he found a note on the door
saying, I'm not home.
That might work.
So she actually made him travel all the way across
down to where she works.
Good.
Tats off to her, boy.
She deserved to be the winner.
I don't like that.
But she worked at Pubex up there.
At Pubex?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he walked in, and he talked to the manager
and told him, and it turned out she was working in the back
of the store that day.
So they had to go all the way to the back of the store
to get to her.
And one of the ways, one of the very easy and inexpensive
underlying in red ways of doing that,
is doing what you is doing.
Anyway, I just wanted you to know about that.
OK.
She did literally make him ride all over town.
Well, our hat's off to her.
Give her our best.
I sure will.
Thank you.
Good luck.
OK.
Sunrise, how you doing?
Yes. Good morning, Dale.
OK.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Did you see the page 8 in the E section of the Sun Sentinel
about the Arbitron?
Oh, that was in the Sun Sentinel today?
Yes.
And they have here number two with a 6.3.
That's the whole station, yeah.
Oh, I see.
OK.
And behind life.
Yeah.
But they said you moved up the second place
and even Glenn got in the article.
Really?
It says WNZ's program director attributed his stations
jumped to improvements in other areas besides quote
the Neil Rogers show.
So I think that's a stab in the back.
Wait a minute.
You want to read that again?
Glenn Hill, WNZ's program director,
attributed his stations jumped to improvements
in other areas besides the Neil Rogers show.
But at least you are italicized.
OK. Well, that's good.
Well, I'm going to look for that because I lost that article
in the middle of all the advertising in my Sun Sentinel.
That 400 page advertising supplement.
I think this morning's paper.
It's going to win a reign that's about 50 pounds,
like you said.
Well, their painting program director
on the Vultures forehead right now.
So I think you've just promoted him.
He's delighted.
OK.
Thank you.
How do you like that?
Goes to show you the cackle long enough and loud enough
pretty soon.
You're going to get rewarded for it.
And there's no question about it that that cackle out
of that nine share has to take at least a 10th or 2
tens of a point.
And there are some stations in this market
that would have loved that 10th or 2 tens of a point.
Gary Lawrence wants to talk to the program director here.
I'm sure he does wants to reassign him to another department.
OK, we are going to pause when we come back.
We'll pick up.
We are going to get to a lot of calls.
And I'm serious about that because we're
going to give those numbers out every half hour.
I'm serious.
We're going to give those numbers over and over again.
And if you folks don't get on the stick
and don't let stop this before it happens,
you've got about six weeks before the 1st of September
in that public hearing to get the message across and say,
no way, Jose.
That's the message.
No way, Jorge.
And especially you want to call Valdez.
What's his number again in English or Spanish?
What is that number?
Can I find it before we have to break?
Boy, this is pressure.
Wait a minute, Mike.
Don't panic now.
Don't panic.
Here it is.
That's not it.
That's accounts receivable.
OK, if you want to call accounts receivable.
OK, Mike Wolf has got the headlines.
World news from CBS at 11 o'clock.
And we'll come back with those and other important numbers
at 1106.
Unscrews.
The faces that you saw this morning,
you are going to see those faces throughout the entire process.
And there's no question about that.
Those people that shopped this morning here,
opting my opinion racist.
We have a song and a question, a musical question
for Commissioner Valdez.
This is more appropriate for this man
that for anyone else in South Florida.
We're even on an asshole.
Or did you work at it your whole life?
Either way, it worked out fine.
Because you're an asshole tonight.
Yes, you're an A, SSH, so Ellie.
And don't you try to blame it on me?
You deserve all the credit.
You're an asshole tonight.
That's right.
Yeah.
We're an asshole yesterday.
You're an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole
the rest of your life.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I was talking to your mother just the other night.
I told her I parked your asshole.
She said yes.
I think you're right.
And all your friends are asshole.
Because you know that your whole life.
And somebody told me you've got an asshole for life.
I do.
We're an asshole.
Or did you work at your whole life?
Either way, if we're not fine.
Because you're an asshole tonight.
Holds a knife.
Ten minutes past 11 at WNZ.
And Jorge, that's for you, baby.
You idiot.
You jackass.
You fool.
But he's not alone.
He's got eight compadries over there at Metro who have got all the political courage necessary to keep this community an absolute cesspool.
And if given their own way, that's exactly what they're going to do.
I get your pencils and pens ready because I'm going to give you those numbers again.
I'm going to give them quickly because I can't take you know five minutes out of every half hour.
Mayor Steve Clark's office three seven five five three oh five.
Barry douchebag shrivers middle initial is D.
So I'm sure that's what it stands for.
Barry shriver three seven five five one six oh.
Jorge Valdes three seven five five one one five.
Trace Siete Cinco Cinco Uno Uno Cinco.
Barbara Kerry three seven five five two oh five Sherman win.
Sherman S. Win as in Schmendrick three seven five five one two eight.
Harvey Rooven three seven five five oh seven six.
Jim Redford three seven five five one two one.
Beverly Phillips three seven she probably lunch already three seven five five one.
One one seven and Clara Osterley the grandmother of the metro rail three seven five five one two three.
And I want you people not only you to make those calls and say no way Jose on this referendum.
And the cut the crap already with dividing and conquering and pandering in this community.
But I want you to call everybody you know get to that phone book and start with five eight towing and call everybody you know and pass along those numbers.
And let's really let these people know and no uncertain terms.
We're not going to let them put the last nails in our coffin enough is enough already north Miami.
Hello. Yes.
Neil. Hi.
If the people ignore the luxury that the commission has given themselves with private phones in their car.
Yeah.
And we're paying for it and nobody gives a damn it comes up on television and everyone sits back up out on the end.
Don't even listen.
What can we really do here?
What we can do let me tell you something the one issue even more than drugs more than crime more than anything else.
And I'll you can go to the bank on this to one issue that infuriates the people in this community is bilingualism.
All they have to do is hear the word and about 90% of the people go off the deep end and say something where you know what they really do.
They move out of this town and that's a sad part.
Well, isn't about time that that stopped.
That's right. And the American people don't vote who put him in there.
Yeah. Who put me who goes to vote when you say did you vote stay? Oh, I forgot all about it.
I as it the foreigners will vote I vote I accept that as a privilege.
And yet if you took it away from these people there'd be fighting and crying and shouting.
Yeah.
They do not vote and the only ones that go out to vote really are the Cuban.
And that's one thing we I had read.
I think somewhere heard on the radio that we should charge them if they don't vote we should put at least a tax or charge them for not voting.
And I think that's very important. Something has to be done.
Yeah. Okay. Appreciate hearing from you. Miami. Hello.
Yes. I just wanted to say when you're playing your song for Mr. Valdez.
Yeah. Why don't you add the governor Martinez because I think he's just as big a one.
Yeah. Well, of course he's in Tallahassee. We're sticking to Dave County.
But if we were to bring Martinez down here it would be a really tough battle.
I think that what you need to do is also start a recall for him.
There is no recall for ma'am.
They're trying to calm yourself. Okay. There is no recall for the governor.
There's no provision in Florida law to recall the governor.
I'd be more than I'd be delighted. I'd be the first one to lead that campaign if we had a way to do it.
But it just isn't possible.
Well, they're saying that he said that.
He was not going to do any of his campaign.
I couldn't agree with you more and just keep in mind that one of the folks who helped to give us one of the prime forces who helped to promote Martinez was the Harold.
So if your mad is hell and you're tired of taking it one of the other things you can do today is just say no to the Harold.
Say.
To the Harold.
And I don't have those numbers in front of me anymore.
But you know, we'll get those two. I'll find a yellow sheet somewhere.
What are you laughing about? Sirius.
We can get a good thousand cancellations to the Harold today alone.
Really stick it to him.
And one of these days by the end of the year, I'm serious.
It will be L Harold with a little tiny thin English language supplement way in the back.
And the rest will all be in Espanyol.
We can have George Valdes.
Can have his own private newspaper in his house every day because the rest of the Cubans won't be the Harold anyway.
So that'll be it. The only paper in America with a circulation of one.
Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hi.
Neil, I'm just as concerned about the bilingualism as you are for one reason.
Even though I don't live and date, if it should be successful, their legislative delegation could take it to the state and try to have this past statewide.
Yeah.
I think you just can't change that.
After World War II, a lot of Polish refugees came into Chicago.
And Chicago at that time had the second largest Polish population outside of Warsaw.
These people, a lot of them are professional people, could not take their professional licenses and Polish.
They could not get a driver's license.
You had to read, write, and speak English.
Of course.
And they did not, they were happy to learn English.
They were so happy that this country brought, let them come in.
They were so appreciative and so proud to be in this country that they were more than willing to learn English.
And if they could do it, why can't these Cubans insult America?
Isn't it interesting that Valdez talks about people's feelings being heard?
Isn't it amazing that every county and every other state, and virtually any county, you know, in a community of any size, has got people who are from any country in the world you can think of, right?
Right. Right.
And those people's feelings aren't hurt.
There isn't any other county that's declared itself officially bilingual in the whole United States.
In all 50 states, why is it that an only in-date county do we have people so sensitive that their feelings are heard if we don't want to be officially bilingual?
Isn't that make a lot of sense?
A lot of nonsense.
And if this is allowed, I'm afraid we'll no longer be the United States of America, we'll be the United States of South America.
Yeah.
And it really frightens me because this cliff spread.
Well, I hope that everybody, and not just people who live in a day county, but people who are really upset about this, will call those numbers and give these people holy hell.
Because if they put us through all of this all over, you know, what I'd like to know is what's going on that requires this one man and one man only has decided for his own political purposes that he's going to rekindle all of this all over again.
And evidently, the commission feels well, you know, he's important enough.
We don't want to take any decision on this because Valdez wants to bring it up all over again. We're going to put it on a ballot.
What other possible reason could there be to reopen all of these old wounds again?
There isn't really. And it's the shame that it's happening. And I hate to see that happen really because I understand there is a, some congressman is trying to go federal law.
Yeah.
Ask that would say this is English only.
Well, see, that's what's going to happen. If this thing does get on the referendum and we go through all this big device of thing.
And if God forbid, the referendum should lose and you know, we should repeal the anti bilingual ordinance.
Then what's going to happen is a lot of people are going to jump on the English only bandwagon at the state level. And then of course the federal thing.
So this has implications not just for date County, but for the state and for the whole country.
If we have to put this thing on, you know, on a ballot and open up all the old sores again.
Right now, which people would realize that because some people have the idea, well, I don't live in Dave County, so why should I not worry?
I worry about it. And they should because it can spread so easily.
You bet like a disease. Right. Okay.
Thank you very much. Congratulations on your reading.
Thanks a lot.
1118 at W. I. Z. As we desperately, you know, desperately searching for Susan. We're desperately searching for America here in South Florida.
Do we have any Americans out there? I mean North Americans, of course.
Let's go to Miami. Hello.
Hi, Neil. I want to know that that song you played could not be more appropriate. Yeah.
I went through this with you in a day. They wrote it about him. You know, they wrote that song about Jorge Valdes.
Right. And that's just the point I was going to make. I can remember him saying, oh no, I don't want to be called Jorge. Yeah.
That would be George. Now would be quick. Turn about right here we go again. Yeah. How about just Horde?
Jorge Valdes because that's what he's doing. He's pouring himself to the voters with this thing.
Well, I've got a few voters.
Of the officers. Naturally, you want to get the secretaries and you're right. Beverly Phillips must be out for lunch.
Yeah. You couldn't talk to her. I did. Well, she eats about, you know, seven, eight hours a day.
I did tell each one of the secretaries that I'm already going to start a petition. I have in this to truth.
I have taken two people at least down to executive bank right here in Kendall Drive.
You can sign up there to become a voter because this whole thing is bothering me so much.
And I said that we would be there in mass at the hearing because we are so much against this.
So at least I tried a little and if you need a volunteer for anything, okay. You got one great. Thanks a lot.
Okay. How do I speaking of Beverly Phillips? I wonder what her comments were about this even though she wasn't at the meeting yesterday.
Okay, 20 minutes past 11 at W.I. and Zeeb. We are going to come back in just a second.
You want me to read that on the air? We have something very important from the wave.
That exciting new publication of the wave. This is in the classified section this month under health services.
Am I making this up or am I reading it? Okay, we have a witness. I'm reading it right from the wave.
It says health services, jirbling the perversion helps stop it called 1-800-8-Savom.
You know, it might be kind of exciting to, by the way, we'd lost a couple of people on the phone.
I see we have an open line at each county in day 624-9400 in Broward 524-9400.
Let's see 1-800-8-Savom.
S-A-V-E-E-M.
Okay, this one will be real good. Maybe we'll put it on the air if it's, you know, I'm not going to put it on the air right away.
Just a little nervous. It's ringing. There's such a number.
Jirbling. Ring you second time.
A third time. They almost be in the cage. A fourth time. Nobody home. They're all busy now.
I was going to say they're out, but I guess this means they're in.
Okay, let's take our first break this hour. We'll come right back.
You know, it takes all kinds of people to make a miracle what it is today.
It takes doctor, glow, and lawyers. I have a accountant and librarian.
But it also takes much more than that. It also takes a miracle's more on.
Use your signal. You'll be in.
Come on in. You know why we're all around you.
We're taking 200 items through the express lane of the supermarket.
We're sitting behind you in the movie theater wrapping our Christmas gifts.
We're holding up your bank line while we try to cash a check from the bank of Venus.
Hey pal, could you hurry it up? Why, how are you?
Weirdly association of ignorant Americans. And we're always looking for new members.
So if you hate any minority, don't read much and just love to litter.
Then have a friend dial the phone for you and give us a call.
Just dial area code 632-626-6766 or...
Me, Emma Moron.
Hi, I'm Emma Moron.
You look like in the morning.
Oh, was you sleeping?
Oh, America's Moron.
We're taking years off your life.
1126 at W.I. and Z. We dedicate that to the Metro Commission, of course.
And isn't it interesting that the Beacon Council and the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce
and all these other do-goody organizations that are always so paranoid about what happens from outside,
you know, like the New York Times article, why aren't they up in arms about this?
Why aren't they screaming bloody murder?
Because if they're too stupid to see the implications of we have another one of these
bilingual elections in Dade County, then they really need serious help.
They need Bill Casey's doctor to do some wholesale lobotomies here.
Miramar, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I just got rid of the Herald three months ago.
Good for you.
I got the San Samuel.
And my congratulations on your rating.
Thank you.
And if you get that part of the paper, it has an article about you and Bill.
Oh, I have it right here.
Yeah, they have they have most of the information wrong, but that's, you know, that's the San
Sentinel. You know, if they go out and buy a radio, it would be a good start, but they can't afford one yet.
But I don't have enough air.
I don't have enough air.
That's why I enjoy the San Juan.
By the way, Neil, while you were on vacation, I sent in a cassette for my favorite song,
that I 95 songs.
Yeah.
And two weeks later, I never got anything back and I called Stan.
He said to send in another cassette.
But I'm on social media and I couldn't afford all that.
And I still didn't get it back like, you know, was returned to me.
And that's since you've been away on vacation.
Oh, pretty, Brits, as it went out today.
Did it really?
Yeah.
Yeah, they've been sitting around for a long time because I was on vacation.
Oh, good.
I thought maybe it got lost in the mail.
You should get it soon.
I hope so.
Thank you so much, Neil.
Okay.
I enjoy your show, natural.
Thank you.
27 after 11 at W Y and Z, an open line in Broward at 524, 9400.
Isn't it peaceful that he's just girdling way in the background today?
We're not going to open his mic.
Miami Beach, hello.
Hello, Neil.
I'd like to let you know what Southern Bell has done.
They seemed to have gone George Bell.
There's one better.
I came back here for three months in a case.
They built the Southern, I guess, the South Beach office.
And they were closed up.
They had a three by six foot sign on the door in Spanish, no English.
So I parked and got out and went over and found a eighth and a half by 11 inch paper in English saying,
don't come here anymore.
Go to Sears.
I thought that was kind of interesting that they've already gone to total Spanish.
I guess.
Ideos?
Ideos.
Yeah.
Could I make a comment about the herald?
Go ahead, please.
About five or six years ago, they were endorsing the setback policy on the bay.
And then they came out about a year later and built their new addition right on the bay.
Mm-hmm.
It will.
We have to because it's a continuous with our property.
It makes it look good.
So we're up to be the exception.
Let us know.
I'd like to know about a few of your favorite people out there.
Okay.
Thank you.
1129 at W.I. and Z.
There's an open line in Dade.
6-2.
Would you try to control yourself, please?
I'm telling you, you're going to go into that continuous cancels and you're never going to get out of it.
We're going to have to call a paramedics.
6-2-4-9400 is the number.
And Dade will go to Princeton.
Hello.
Hello.
Oh, yes.
You were looking for an American and you were looking and you were talking about people whose feelings are hurt.
Yeah.
I'm a North American third or fourth generation board in this country.
I had the advantage of growing up in Latin America, graduating from college in Latin America.
But my feelings are hurt.
I have always been a person very much in support of the Latin community.
But last week, I realized there's an ad that is just recently come out being aired on Spanish radio.
There's not an English translation for a new beer that's being produced in Dade County.
And the ad is very interesting.
It's very well done.
The fellow compares the food that they used to eat in Latin America.
The chicken taste better in Latin America.
The tomatoes taste better in Latin America.
And when they were in Cuba, they used to eat garlic bread and so on.
They couldn't go out in the street because of how strong the garlic was in Cuba.
But in American garlic is not strong.
And then they wanted to mention American beer.
And the punchline to the ad is an American beer.
Like everything else, it doesn't taste like anything.
Oh, terrific.
Well, it's not much you want to say.
Like everything else, everything else, it doesn't taste like anything.
And this is the first time in my life I've ever called a radio station.
But I'm so incensed by this that I feel that I've called the company.
The company that manufactures the beer and it turns out that the general manager of the company is an American that doesn't speak Spanish.
Terrific.
And doesn't realize that that's the kind of advertising that's being publicized.
I just might just feel that there's enough anti-Latin sentiment in Dave County is without aggravations from this.
You know, all of a sudden it's always the Latin.
Their feelings are hurt.
They're being discriminated against.
I just feel that it's time we said something.
Okay.
I appreciate it.
Metro Commissioner Harvey Roovin, it says. Hello.
Yeah, Neil Harvey Roovin here.
How are you, Harvey?
Number one, I want to congratulate you on the successful way that you manage to flood the telephone lines of the County Commission.
Good.
My poor secretary has got a lot of work to do today and she's answering a lot of calls.
I just wanted you to know that my personal position on this issue is I am not in favor of the repeal and.
No, but let's slow down a bit.
Okay.
Okay, but let's slow down.
Okay.
I would like to understand why it is that I don't see any great drive.
In fact, salad is against this.
Everybody in the community is against it.
The only one who seems to be in favor of it and evidently for political pandering purposes is Commissioner Valdez.
Now, why is it that the rest of you, the other eight of the commission couldn't just say to Mr Valdez.
As you should have said, and as you did say the previous week, why didn't you just say we don't need to reopen this all again?
The public has spoken.
It's on the record.
Why don't we just leave it alone?
We've already had the bad publicity in the New York Times.
We're trying to get our act together, trying to bring the community together.
Let's give it a rest.
Why didn't you say that instead of saying, oh, yeah, let's let's, let's, you know, vote for a referendum and put it back to the people again.
How many times do we need to reopen the source, Harvey?
Let me allow me to finish our session.
Sure.
First of all, I have said that to him.
And my vote yesterday's agenda was made very clear at the time that I will not support the commission taking its action by putting it on the ballot.
The ordinance that's on the books now was put there as a result of an initiatory petition drive where people went out and got 137,000 signatures.
If that law is to be expunged or to be repealed, then I believe that the democratic process requires that it be done in the same way.
So a referendum can be put on the ballot one of two ways either by direct commission action or through an initiatory process.
The initiatory process, frankly, in this case, I think is the only appropriate way.
And I will not support putting it on the ballot by action of the commission.
I frankly hope it doesn't get on the ballot because I see a community debate that would, in fact, be very divisive and very negative and probably defeat some of the goals that those that are favoring the repeal want to accomplish.
So I just wanted your listeners and you need to know what my position is because it was put in the paper simply as a unanimous vote to put it on the ballot.
But the issue will come up on September 1st. There will be a public hearing at that time. And for the first time, a resolution will be put to the commission to place it on the ballot.
It's my hope that that can be defeated and that if there are persons in the community that wish to see this repeal, then that they take an initiatory petition and go through the democratic process to obtain enough signatures to be requisite for a commission then.
And we just merely be a rubber stamp and putting it on the ballot as a result of signatures. Yeah, I also want you to know that the only way that I would support it going on the ballot.
Yeah, I also want you to know, Harvey, that George Valdez appeared on my show about four five years ago and pledged on the air that he would not attempt to repeal the anti-biling will ordinance that he wouldn't open up the wounds again that he understood that it was counterproductive, that it was divisive.
He promised the electorate that he would not bring this up again. And for the life of me with all the other problems we've got with the budget problems with the crime and the drug problems with the image problem of the New York Times article and all the other problems legitimate problems we have in Dave County, how a member of the Metro commission, Mr. Valdez or anyone else can can think that this is the time to bring up such a divisive thing again and reopen all the old wounds.
I cannot look at it. It's scandalous.
I believe that he is sincere and that he very deeply feels that this law in the books has a negative influence in the relationship between the various ethnic groups.
I don't agree and you don't agree and there are many out there that don't agree. But I think that it should be made clear that he is sincere, that he is trying in his mind to do something that he thinks is good for the overall community.
I think the place to resolve that is at the public hearing and everybody puts their view forth.
I think that there is a healthy discussion going on. I just wish frankly that we would be talking about other things like the budget, like our transportation needs, like all the other problems of pollution etc.
I think that the way we are going to do that is to make sure that we have, and my concern is that this would sort of distract and put the focus off of those issues.
Believe me, he is sincere and I think that he is in his mind.
Well, if he is sincere, then it doesn't speak very well for his ability to be a member of the Metropolitan Dave County government.
Because, you know, there is no other county in any other state in this country that is officially bilingual, and yet the ethnic groups in those other counties and all those other states seem to maddened somehow to coexist and probably in most cases in better harmony than we do here in Dave County.
So the idea that we need some official declaration of bilingualism in order to pacify people's feelings or not to hurt their feelings is ludicrous and Mr. Valdas ought to be made aware of that.
Well, I am sure that that view is being expressed to him by your listeners and other people, and he is probably getting the opposite view from other people, and he is having to make up his own mind as each of us have to do.
But I want you to know that as far as Harvey Rubin is concerned, this issue does not belong on a ballot unless people come with the required type of petition and get the signatures that the law prescribes and at that point it is automatically on the ballot.
But I will not support putting it on the ballot purely by the action of a commission because I think it would be a negative and divisive debate that really doesn't accomplish anything.
Because I think even with this law in the books right now, there really isn't any problem and it doesn't need to be repealed.
But there are obviously people that have a different viewpoint and there will be a whole process played out.
And I just hope that it doesn't get too incendiary because it can be a very negative thing as you said.
No question about Harvey. I appreciate it and I am glad that you are on a record with us.
Okay. Thank you.
Okay. That's Commissioner Harvey Rubin and we have it right on the logger tape there.
So there is at least one vote against the commission putting this on the ballot for referendum.
23 minutes before noon and evidently there are some people making some phone calls out there today.
Right? So it is probably a pretty good idea that we should give those numbers out one more time. Right?
Exactly. And we don't want to disrupt metro government because we know that there are a lot of important issues that are going on.
Like you know, probably buying a lot of mobile phones for the county manager and a lot of other really important things.
Maybe some suits that need to be a laundered, dry cleaned. Huh?
So let's give those numbers one more time for all of our illustrious leaders in Dade County.
Our mayor Steve Clark who is probably buried in the closet somewhere until the next meeting.
375-5305.
Unless of course there could be a ribbon cutting ceremony somewhere in town in which case the mayor will show his face.
Or whatever part that he shows when he comes out in public. 375-5305.
For a very Schreiber who of course continues to be one of the great enigmas in the history of mankind.
Or one of the great douchebags if you will the number is 375-5160.
375-5160.
A commissioner valdez 375-515.
And that's you know if there's only one call that any of you make it should be the valdez office.
Of course they may not understand English but I'm sure you can make yourself understood.
375-515.
Barbara Kiri 375-5205.
375-5205.
Sherman win 375-5128.
375-5128 will eliminate Ruvan now because he called in.
And if the commissioners want to get their numbers off the air that's probably can follow his footsteps right.
By 2 o'clock we can have you know several other votes enough votes to defeat it.
You know if they want to follow Harvey's footsteps Jim Redford 375-5121.
Beverly Phillips who is in the middle of well she's eating with Henry VIII as a matter of fact right now.
Having a little lunch 375-5117.
375-5117.
She's eating in the Henry VIII dining room at the Metro Commission Chambers.
And Clara Osterly 375-5123.
Clara of course she be one of our favorites 375-5123 the Queen of the Metro Rail.
Okay 20 minutes till noon at WINZ.
Let's take our next call in Miramar.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Buenos dias.
Buenos dias.
I called because I've had it with the Spanish situation on the books.
So enough to drive your nuts.
Enough to drive your nuts.
I'm married to somebody who's Latin.
And when they came here from Cuba they moved to Chicago.
So the lady that called about the Polish people prompted me to call.
When they moved to Chicago from Cuba they had no alternative but to learn.
And my wife is perfect English.
I get approached all the time and stores by Spanish people because I look Latin.
My wife looks like she's Scandinavian.
When her family moved from Chicago to Miami her mother being an older person and her father being an older person
stopped speaking English.
They don't speak any English anymore.
They've regressed.
And the problem is that people who come from Latin America they don't have to speak English down here.
If they move to another part of this country they would have to speak English.
But their attitude in general and I have a lot of friends that are Latin.
The attitude in general when you talk to people and you really have a nice conversation they say,
we don't have to speak the language.
We're not forced to speak the language.
We can get a long fine without ever speaking any English in this town.
And they don't want to learn the language.
Yeah which is an attitude that really is very conducive to winning friends and bringing harmony into the community.
Well it's a bad situation.
My family originally came from Italy years ago.
They didn't speak any English when they got here.
And they learned the language and I don't speak any Italian.
I wish I did.
But I don't.
I don't see anything wrong with learning the language.
Speaking the language at home.
Speaking the language to your friends.
Speaking the language when you want to speak the language.
But don't force it on other people if they don't choose to speak the language.
Well I don't think there's ever been any other time in the history of this country when a group has come into the country and used a second language other than English as a weapon.
And that's how it is used on a daily basis in parts of South Florida as a weapon as a divisive method.
You're 100% correct.
You couldn't be more on target.
I work with a gentleman who came from Germany many years ago.
And when he came here he only spoke ten words of English.
The man speaks perfect English and he also speaks perfect German.
But he doesn't speak any Spanish.
The other gentleman that called about the beer.
That's also interesting.
These people, I don't know why, but they're very very inflammatory to everyone.
I happen to think that the beer in this country stinks.
We don't have to make beer.
It tastes like skunk urine.
The best beer in the world comes out of Germany.
I happen to like coronavirus beer which comes from Mexico.
But not the coronavirus beer that we buy in this country.
I like the coronavirus beer that you get in Mexico which we cannot get here.
It's a stronger beer.
But Germany makes the best beer.
But yet these people say that...
...Dan and Latin America wherever they come from.
Their beer is the best.
It's not the best.
German beer is the best but they don't want to own up to this.
I did call Mayor Clark on your first round of phone calls to people.
I was one of the first people to call over there.
I think a lot more people should get on the stick and call.
Because if we don't do this we're going to have a problem in Dave County.
It's going to drift up into Broward County.
And people in Broward think because of that line that there is...
Oh listen, it's not Ghana.
It already has.
I mean, you know, plantation.
That's right.
And Lauderdale Hill and there's so many parts of South Broward Hollywood.
There are loads of places.
You can walk into the Broward Mall and see signs on some of the stories by lingual help wanted.
You know, it's already into Broward.
It's spreading like a cancer.
It's like a disease.
And you know, as I said so many times there are...
In the history of this country there were ethnic neighborhoods,
little pockets in big cities where we had a tag in neighborhoods and Jewish neighborhoods where they spread the English.
But this is a thing that's like sweeping all over South Florida.
And it's got to stop.
I mean, you know, if we can't even agree on what language we speak, how the hell does anybody get along here?
I agree.
The only thing that...
All of this crap about world, you know, we have all of this Latin trade.
As I said yesterday, there is no shortage of people in this area who speak the Spanish language.
That's just a cop out to use the language again as an instrument to beat people over the head with.
Well, as far as Spanish trade, yes, there is a lot of Spanish trade.
But if you're dealing with somebody that's from another country and that's their language,
okay, you can first send that language, but still the English language is the language.
If you go to Japan, they don't even have signs in most places in Japan and English.
You have to go up to somebody and try to get interpretations.
In a lot of countries we don't have signs.
At least down here we're putting up signs for people that are coming from out of the country.
That I can see.
I can also see them putting up signs in French.
Let's not be bigots here.
Let's not just make it for Spanish people.
We have a lot of French tourists that come here.
They should put up signs.
Multiple language signs for people to get around on metro rail and public facilities.
Well, yeah, metro rail that are put up signs in 50 languages because then maybe somebody would ride it.
Maybe somebody stupid enough would ride it who doesn't know that they're about to take their last ride.
And the other item, as far as jobs, that they're bitching and moaning to the commission that they're not getting jobs.
Almost 50% of the people that live in Dave County are some Latin, Latin group.
They are the majority as far as people.
They're not allowed.
Who cares? Who cares?
As I said before, if there are 70% of the people in Buffalo were Polish, they wouldn't be having a referendum there.
Try to become a bilingual city and make Polish the second official language equal with English.
It's not an issue anywhere else.
And I don't give a damn if it's 43% or 83% of people who are Hispanic and Dave County, it's still a part of the United States.
They're at least allegedly part of the US.
I agree, but if they're saying that they're a minority, how can they be a minority when the statistics show that they are a majority?
Well, they're only a minority when it's convenient to be a minority.
But it means that there are certain benefits of being a minority. Then it's great.
Amen. Well, I don't want to hold you up anymore, Neil.
You have a great show. I started listening to you with Oli Days.
Yeah.
And I'm hooked. I think it's great. It breaks my day up.
I listen to Zeta on the way to work and Zeta on the way home.
But the rest of the day I find you and stand very, very amusing and informative.
Excellent. Let me commend you on your good taste. Have a great day.
Have a great day too, so by the way.
By the way, for the guy who called earlier was telling us about the beer story.
We have our own special beer. We're going to be sending several cases of this over to Commissioner Valdez later in the day.
It takes a special breed of man to get these poems across the roughest part of the Colorado River.
Or to get that tug alongside a 5,000 ton supertaker.
And when it's all said and done, you know you were the man in charge of bringing her home.
Yeah, that's me. You. Come on. Get serious. That's not you.
You're like most beer drinkers. All you want is 8 hours of football.
A tub full of freedom. And a couch. Big enough to handle you and your tooth.
No big as a mountain. Or to speak. Big as a mountain.
Beer belly. Big bottom. No problem here. Just have another keg of extra heavy touch spears.
To where we're growing the beer for the biggest party you.
A touch. No big as a mountain. Or to speak.
That's a Jewish breweries say you leave Missouri.
Okay. And that's for Commissioner Valdez because nobody in day county is a bigger touch than he is.
12 minutes till noon at W. I. N. Z. We'll come right back when it's time for any hope left in this state at all.
I mean, is there even the tiniest bit of hope between people like George Valdez and Bob Martinez.
And you know, it's interesting how the names all kind of sound the same to it.
All those police were being indicted. One is it stop. South Miami. Hello.
Hello. Hi. I'm very glad you. You see what's going on.
What they tried to do those Cubans because they think now I'm glad I'm with you because on the last
minute, I'm going to be a little bit more excited about the fight.
But now he thinks that came on Cuban. He's stronger now. He's going to win that's his idea. Well, first of all, you know, when you say those Cubans, I don't know anybody who really is all that excited about the salad, which is one of the most militant right wing of the Cuban groups is against this.
They don't and their leader came out. He said that we can't afford any more divisions and any more problems. And he's totally against putting it on a ballot again.
So other than Mr. Valdez, who lives all by himself in this little stupid cocoon, this dream world of his, I don't know of anybody who thinks that we need to open all of this up again.
Well, that's not I mean because he says, you know, they always said that you started from the poor people. I used to live in Cuba.
When I did didn't care about that poor people, there was no union. There was no right. I was dying in the street.
They didn't care then about the people now. They want to care about the people to just talking and they just one thing over us and that's how they tried to do.
Yeah. Okay. Well, just remember the slogan, man. Recall George Valdez.
Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes.
I'm working. I just wrote down all those numbers and I've never done this before.
Well, it's never too late. The reason I called a while back, I was pumping around the dial here at work. I knew the Florida.
And I heard you talking about the evangelist and I said, man, that's a kind of man. So then you mentioned Detroit a couple times.
And my best friend for 10 years was named Neil Rogers from Detroit. Really?
And I said, I wonder if there could be any connection because you mentioned W.J.R. one. And then you mentioned it or today.
And I said, what's he making noise with the missionary? You know, I know Michigan. I live there for 12 years, but I don't know any other Neil Rogers.
Well, Neil was World War II veteran. Yeah. Anyway, I agree with the 100% on this thing and I'm going to call the numbers.
Good. I thought I might give you one little thing about the human out the Vegas. And they have a problem out there.
Of course, if you've ever played 21 or that, about half the dealers are oriental and Hispanic. And they have that problem.
So I went into a liquor store for one day. I'm ordering some liquor in this woman was married to the guy that owns the liquor store.
And he was what price he was in a kind of a bad mood. And I said, what's the matter? She said, no, I just went to traffic court.
And she said, the judge gave me a ticket in the phone. She said, I think I'll renounce my citizenship.
I said, we'll just take your liquor back and take that.
Okay. Well, listen to make those calls now. Don't let any time get away from you. Dear field, hello.
Hi, Neil. Couple of things. Number one, having you, having you been a Detroiter and me being a Detroiter, they never really changed the language and ham-traumatic to Polish. You're absolutely right. They did have their Polish speaking papers.
But it was never done that way. The other thing is is what they are driving to here in the state is it's going to get a state referendum.
And you will have a state referendum obviously passing the fact that there is only one language which will create a bigger difference.
Isn't it terrific that we have to waste all of this time, all of the energy and all the money that people have to put into these campaigns?
And the Polish part, you know what the big economic factor is, is that people don't understand, is that if you've ever been into Canada lately, just listen on Air Canada when the stewardess has to know two languages, which is not all that bad, or everything that is on that airplane, every magazine, just figure what the economic impact that is what these people don't understand.
And if that referendum goes through in the city and they have to print every single thing in two languages, just ask those people how much their taxes are going to go up, just for the city buses to have double names, double advertisement, double this, double that.
We just put it through a sales tax that is already adding on to some of these services.
Yeah, and we're cutting back all of these social services in Dave County because Mr. Pereira says we can't find the money to fund them.
And we really can afford the luxury of starting to go bilingual again.
Yeah, did you hear the thing on your news program this morning about bilingual is about about Pereira that the Hispanics are mad at him because there is only 26% Hispanics.
He hasn't hired enough Hispanic.
I went there, 44% living there. Did they ever think about the fact that maybe the other 18% are living off the doves or maybe aren't qualified or whatever.
But the point is that they're now on Pereira's back because he didn't hire Hispanics.
So we're getting the same thing that happened years and years ago, reverse discrimination and some of the suits and some of the derision, some of the divisions, some of the animalities.
And it's just building up to a point that it's going to be bad one these days.
I really have some bad vibes about what could, what this area may end up in, what a lot of other areas may end up in.
And unless they start controlling possibly even immigration to the extent that they let some people in that are willing to learn the language to make their way in this life of ours and not cause a problem so that I have to learn Spanish to deal with you or whatever language that might be.
And you know what I can remember very vividly my parents talking English, but they also knew Romanian. They also knew Polish, but their main language was English.
Yeah. Okay. Appreciate hearing from you. We're just about out of time in this hour.
And let's give those numbers real fast again before the hour ends because you're pencil sharpened. We have two of our lines.
It'll be powered open by the way, 524 9400. Okay. Mayor Steve Clark, 375 5305.
Get him early in the day because you know later in the afternoon, he and grandma, boom, always have a good chat.
Barry Schreiber 375 5160 George Valdez 375 515 Barbara Kiri 375 5205 Sherman, win 375 5128 Jim Redford 375 5121 Beverly Phillips.
375 5117 and Clara Osterly 375 5123. And now during the lunch hour, be a great time to call those of you who are working or have other things, you know, that occupy your time.
Mike Wolf is here with the headlines. World news from CBS. And noon and welcome back with our cast of millions at 1206.
You've bought his records. You've seen his film. You'll even purchase the day glow velvet memorial paintings of the gas station.
As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all, but wait, there's more. Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations.
Yes, it's the Elvis tapes.
Hello, baby. This is Elvis. I want you to come over right now and make me a big peanut butter and never so much.
You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments. All people may visit.
Yeah, it is the almost. Once you bring over a couple large cars. Don't make it.
Let's pray. Don't make a sex double cheese. Yeah, I'm hungry. I'm alone. And I'm hungry.
And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one true love of his life.
Oh, she back. Oh, she back in the lab, baby. And I don't you way back. But you pick up some donuts, please.
Make jelly cream donuts. Crullest cheese, Danish tuna. All of my baby honey glues donuts. Well, I'll dim I can't do.
The Elvis tapes. Okay, baby. Give me give me give me more.
We're available now. We've run stores everywhere. Oh, I'll eat. I love eat. Give me more.
Okay, eight minutes. That's noon at W. I. N. Z. We're going to go right back to your calls.
And we hope that you're busy on the phone yourselves today. I'm making calls to those wonderful metro date commissioners.
You don't have to be a resident of Dave County because if you anywhere within the side of my voice,
you could suffer from the fallout and the embarrassment. If this whole bilingual thing is back on a ballot again,
and we have another referendum and all the, you know, all I don't have to spell it out for you. You're not dumb. Okay.
Well, okay, let's go back to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes.
Okay. Uh, first of all, you were saying how old this is going to bring problems in the community.
What do you think you're doing with your program? What do you mean by that?
Also, in other words, we're not supposed to talk about it. We're just supposed to sit back and let them do whatever they want.
Is that what you're saying? What are you saying? I'm saying that the same way by us talking to Spanish,
but you're bringing up all this problems. It's the same thing. Now you see you always wanted this way.
The Spanish language stations can come on and do the most outrageous and flammatory right wing kind of garbage.
Twisted news, attack people, call everybody a communist. That's okay. But if we in the English language media come on and respond to what
are saying anything, then we're being divisive and we're troublemakers. And I don't want to talk to people like you.
Okay, because you're a moron. You know, it's bad enough we have it going on right here in the community.
But we can put it to rest. We can lay it back to bed right here in the community. We don't have to open it up wide for the whole country to come back in here
and look at how divided date counties again. We can't afford any more of that. Okay.
And if you can't figure that out, then you've got more problems than I realize you already do.
Miami, hello. Hi. Hi. I've been listening to your show for some time. I was just driving in traffic and I was getting incensed and I wanted to tell you how I feel.
I think it takes someone like you to bring out someone like me to call up and tell you how I feel.
I just went into an industry that this primarily Latin. I'm not against learning Spanish in order to do more business or whatever.
But I answer the telephone now and all these people are hanging up when they hear an American voice. And it's really strange.
And I don't care if we lose the business because of it. The Harold recently contacted me at home and said, you know, you've been a good client for so many years.
We want to give you a three month subscription. I think I'm going to call up a cancel. Good. Good for you. Okay.
My grandparents came here at the turn of the century. All of them came from Russia and they were all adults. They all learned English.
Oh, yeah. It's, you know, we've been through it a million times. It's all it's all very commonplace. It's all part of what's going on in this country for a very long time.
And the idea that this county somehow has to be an exception is ridiculous. Great. Thank you very much.
Thanks a lot. Miami. Hello. Yeah. Hi. I was shocked yesterday watching that commission meeting on the television cable. Mr. Valdez. I think he's a disgrace.
And another thing I always was under the impression that we had eight commissioners and a mayor. After yesterday, I had come to conclusion.
We have seven commissioners, a mayor and a dictator because Mr. Valdez evidently doesn't know what a democracy is.
No, he doesn't. He hasn't got the foggiest idea of what our system of government is all about. And yet here he sits there as a commissioner as one of nine members of the governing, the most important governing body in Dave County,
the county of over two million people and the idea that he is there is outrageous and it is unacceptable. That's right. And another thing, if you notice, I don't know if the people took notice this, but it's the meeting two weeks ago, he came on the air on the television.
And he gave an interview to the television cameras and he called all of the commissioners and the mayor.
He went to his private office or conference room or somewhere in full repressed. They were cowards yesterday because there was a group of people there that he didn't appreciate what they were there for and what they said.
And because they were against what he was doing, he called them racist.
Well, don't you see how transparent everything that he's doing is? I mean, yeah, he's saying, well, the population has changed now and we've got the votes to to overrule this and people's feelings are being heard, etc.
And so on. And this is part of a movement on a part of the very most militant members of the Cuban community. I mean, the most militant members to say, Hey, now is our opportunity. Well, strike while they iron his heart. We've got enough votes. The Anglos will stay home like they always do. And we'll go out there and we'll make this officially bilingual. That'll be like a declaration that we've taken over. It's official and everybody else can go where they want to go. Right. And if you notice when he gave that statement yesterday, he was again in a private office.
He will not face the people. And that's why I call him a dictator. Yeah. And another thing. He keeps bringing this up. He came to us in 1984. And he asked for some minor adjustments and citizens of the day united went along with it.
And he says, I promise I will never again touch that ordinance. He said it on my show. I know he said it on your show. The man is a born and the world lighter.
Yeah. That's all he is. He's a disgrace. He should not be sitting on that commission. He is a member of the Cuban Builders Association. And if you watch that cable every meeting when the
Cubans come up for any zoning variance, whether it's the build a chicken house on the moon, he votes for it. Yeah. He's a disgrace. I agree. I think he ought to be recalled. I think that there
ought to be people setting the machinery and operation right now to recall him and get him off that commission. That's right. And we have been sitting back. We have not been making any
waves. Everything was going along very well. And now he is bringing up this and he's stirring up the worms again. And I guarantee you the people are going to be feeding feet of that
commission meeting. Good. Thank you. Neil. Thank you. The the faces that you saw this morning. You are going to see those faces throughout the entire process.
And there's no question about that. Those people that show up this morning here. I'll be my opinion racist. Okay, let's go to Miami next. Hello. Yes.
Oh, I'm sorry. I've come to you. I was not born in this country. I was born in South America. And I'm very, very, very appalled by the situation here in Miami. I
usually hear Miami many, many years ago. And I moved north and moved to the country. I came back for a few days and I see that this is getting worse. I became an American citizen three months ago, because I understood that I owe
some people this country and I want to work with. But I don't understand what's going on in this city. You go to the airport. The people in security don't speak English. The Americans are coming here in vacation. They don't understand. And they think taking care of security. I don't know what kind of security these people are taking care of. I mean, they're chatting and doing anything but having fun. You go to a bank because you look right in the top of your in Spanish.
People don't have the right to do that. They're not in Cuba or any country in South America. They should learn the language. It's obvious that this is happening because Americans are letting this happen.
You understand what I mean?
All right, but the point is we've been through this over and over and over again. And the fact is that even as divisive as all of this is the majority of the people here have still shown incredible patients and have been willing to sit back a little bit and say, OK, it's going to take some time. We're going to do our best. We're going to try to get along. We'll do whatever we have to do. And now here comes this lunatic along right in them. You know, just before election time coincidentally and says, Hey, let's put this on the ballot.
We've got enough votes to get rid of it and let's make this a major cause. So, because he's all the time he's been in the commission. He's never been involved or introduced anything meaning for worthwhile.
And this is the only way that he can make any kind of points for himself is to try to be a demagogue.
But you know something. The problem is that these people by the point of your education or culture, they're not putting anything in this country. That's why Americans are sick of learning American people.
So any learning American community in this country, they come here because they're economic situations are bad.
And they come here. They are for all the rights, but they don't want to pay any kind of obligation.
I mean, all these people come here. They don't want to learn the language when something happens.
They appeal to the because they are minorities. I mean, they want all the respect, but they don't want to do anything for this country.
Let's not start getting carried away with the wild generalizations. OK, every time we get into this conversation,
we get people like this caller who want to start, you know, Latin people blank, you know, and then we fill into blank and they all fit into the category.
And none of them make any contribution and none of them want to speak. Which is all garbage. That's a lot of foolishness.
And as I said before, rather than falling into the trap that Mr. Valdes has said for us and letting and pitting one group against the other,
which is I'm sure what he's just delighted in watching. Just keep in mind, salad, the Spanish American League against discrimination is against this referendum.
I don't know of any organization that is supporting Mr. Valdes. He's out there kind of like a whirling dervish all by himself desperate for some major issue.
And now he's founded, but don't start blaming everybody else in the community because one man wants to open up all the wounds again.
We have an open line in date, 6249400 Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Hi, first time caller. Good.
This subject you've been talking about really touched a runner. I have a small business and as far as I'm concerned, this is part of a larger issue.
You know, small businesses have been really the foundation of everything that people have worked for. Small businesses have supported this country throughout its history.
And this among things such as the new tax that the governor has passed, you know, are just suffocating small businesses like mine.
And as you know, the bill was passed July 1st and today in the mail, I just got my copy of the new sales tax in New Slum.
And if you've got the time, I thought you might like to hear some of it.
No, we're not really talking about that today. Okay. So, you know, maybe you're up in arms about that, but that's not what we're talking about. Everybody in the state is up in arms about it except the governor.
But, you know, we had a couple of senators on the show a few months ago and they sat here and they lied to us. You know, nothing to worry about. It's not going to pass. And, you know, in the meantime, here we go. And we're on death store once again, but there's nothing I can do about it at this point.
So, let's let's concentrate today on something that we can make an impact on. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Are you there?
Yeah, me. Yeah. I'm a first time call us and she's been on the day hours. And I just want to say that it is wrong that in wish to be the only language.
Like you said yesterday, as far as every community has its ethnic pockets and the people can speak their language within their own communities.
However, whether you're in New York or Chicago or Detroit, Rebiyablet, the Wainians or Polish people or Jewish people or Chinese people at Frisco, I think it's important that they realize.
And in the established communities, they speak the language that's the native tongue within their communities.
But I've always found that when they're doing business, they speak English and I'm very proud of them for doing that.
I feel that the same thing should go for the Latin community here in Florida. I agree with you 100%.
Okay. I'll ask you. Yeah. Okay. You can shut me down if you want. I've run a three day trip to Detroit. Okay. And I know you would mention some places to eat up there.
And I don't want to take away from the show. But can your Rambo world to me a couple of good places that I could go eat for three days in Detroit?
Or you can go eat for three days. I can. The only one. Yeah. The only one. I'm just sure I know you mentioned the deli in Detroit once and some restaurants.
I've got a pad ready. Ready here and can you. Now the only the only one I can tell you is the London shophouse. That's the only one that I know is still there.
All the other restaurants that I used to love in Detroit are closed and long gone. And if you want three days in Detroit, I hate to find out who the enemy was at the sick that on you.
Okay. 22 minutes past noon at W. I. N. Z. Let's take a real good long break now. 1225 at W. I. It's always amazing to me. How somebody will call in like the color a couple of calls ago in the middle of a discussion that is so obviously in a single direction.
And we'll just try to change it for his own convenience, which is enough to make you want to scream. We have an open line in Broward 524 9400.
And what does it say that's all the Broward. Callers want to do what changes object. Oh, I'll screw them Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes.
Yeah. I'm first time call. I was very upset about this thing. You know, I'm an American born citizen. And we're just about taken enough nonsense from my erupts much less to take it from them to this is ridiculous.
And I called up every one of the offices commissionist great. And I told them exactly what I'm feeling. And it is absolutely a process. Did they listen to you? Oh, yes. As a matter of fact, they told me not to call the other offices when I call the first one Steve.
They said that it would be our record, but I wanted to make sure the other's got it to and I call the mode. Oh, yeah, don't pay any attention to that. We want to flood them with calls. I did exactly that. They nailed because I feel that this is what has to be done. It's ridiculous. What they're doing. It's nothing. It's based on nothing but lies. And I'm sick and tired of it. Yeah. And again, the timing is it's so ironic. I mean, here everybody at every level of the politicians, all of the bureaucrats.
The beacon counselor chamber, commerce, all of these self appointed experts screaming and yelling about the New York Times and look at the dirty thing they've done to us and they've given us all this bad press. And if the almost in the same breath. They're saying, Hey, you know, let's go ahead and put this on a ballot so we can open up all the old sores and the wounds to show to the rest of the country and make a laughing stock out of this area again. You're so right. Look, I I'm going to an awful lot now because as I told you, I own a condom in here. I want to see this. This part of the
beach progress and get along and do things right. We even accepted them into our condominium, which I'm not regretful for. But if they learn how to behave themselves and understand what our laws are and accept our laws as laws, not as what they want to do with us. Okay. Thank you so much. Okay. And thanks for making those calls. We have an open line. Indeed, six to four 9400. And let's go to Miami again. Hello.
Yes. Is this Neil? It sure is. Neil, I just wanted to give you my opinion. I am bilingual. I live in Miami. My parents are from a Latin country. Okay. And my husband just came to this country from a nut from Colombia. And I see no reason why he shouldn't have to learn this language like everybody else that comes from any country. Right. That's what I think. Okay. He's doing everything he can to learn English and there's no reason why this should be a bilingual country when it's America, it's USA. And every
buddy before him had the learning was. Hey man. Hey man. And I appreciate that. I think God is just being such a jerk. He just being a demagogue. That's all he's just looking to win favor again with that segment of the population that he figures. He always get their votes and always get their support. And I think he's going to be in for a surprise this time because I think obviously if the salad people are against him, you know, even the most militant people in the community, a lot of them have enough understanding that we've suffered enough and we can't take very much more. It's a truth. And I'm going to
tell you I'm Latin. I was born in and I'm born here, but I'm from Hispanic parents and my parents have done anything to everything to learn the language in this country. And I don't see what people now should have the advantage of speaking Spanish. Because if you go to another country, a Latin country, they're not going to speak English to you. They're going to speak Spanish. You bet. And if we have to learn to go live anywhere else, they should learn it to live here. Because it's not going to be that easy to come here and just, you know, just turn this into a Latin country here. They should maybe they should just cut off Miami and let it float into the
ocean with Cuban. Maybe they should just stick together, you know, we can move to another state or something. Okay. Thanks for calling. 1230 at W I and C Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Neil, how are you? Congratulations on your numbers. Thank you. I just wanted to think about something else besides all of this, the economic impact of the whole thing. How do you compare this to the situation in Quebec a few years ago? It's the same kind of thing. It's tremendously divisive there and it hurt them irreparably. I don't know if they'll ever come back.
From it. And that's what's going to happen to us here. Also, you know, the average Canadian paid about nine and 10% more in his cost of living just because of the bilingual provisions. Yeah. You know, there's people in Alberta and British Columbia to force to pay for to subsidize French speaking people with Montreal. Right. And I was just wondering how do you think that will happen over down here? Well, I can tell you is that, you know, as a caller earlier pointed out, just just the costs of doing business and doing the printing and all of the business of in bilingual again of doing everything in two languages are going to be
staggering. We're talking about millions of dollars and expenditures and it comes at a time when the county manager told us just a couple of days ago that we have to make all these deep cuts in social programs and other important areas of the budget because we can't raise the money to pay for them. And my point is that affects Latins as well as Anglos and everybody else in the community. You bet. Thank you very much. Thank you. A very excellent point. Poppano. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Good. First time caller. I'm probably one of your younger collars to 23. Right. This one to let your management team
know about that so that you know you got the younger people listen to you. I'm originally from Syracuse. I've been down here for about a year now and the Spanish speaking is it's it's sometimes hinders a lot. And I don't think that you know the they should even think about even going into a bilingual. I mean they have enough Spanish speaking people around, you know, to get the point across. I didn't even know that English was the language in there. I thought they were bilingual. I didn't know that they had you know made it.
English only until yesterday on a news reporter heard that it is now English. And so it's kind of weird to understand that. Well, well, first of all, wait a minute. Let me try to explain something to you. Okay. Okay. In 1972, as I mentioned earlier, the Metro Commission just arbitrarily passed the resolution and they declared date County officially bilingual. In 1980, people went, you know, we had a petition drive. We got enough petition signatures to get the issue on the ballot. And the majority of the people
went to the polls and they overruled that. In other words, they rescinded the bilingual resolution. That's really what the anti-bilingual organises all about. Okay. So so basically all that said is that they'd County is like any other County in America. It is not bilingual. We don't do business in a foreign language. We don't spend money to do a County business in a foreign language. Period. It's no different from any other County in the country. And that's the way it should be. And why it can't be left that way after seven years and why this Creighton and the Metro Commission feels
that he's got to bring it up again after he's lied to us and promised that he wouldn't is absolutely reprehensible because there's no, there's no problem in there. There's a language problem out there because there are a lot of rude arrogant people who want to use the language as a weapon. But in terms of the legal ease of it at the present time, there is no problem. The only problem is going to be if we rehash all of this and bring it back to the public all over again and bring back all the old arguments and all the old debates and all the old hatreds and just it's going to be a nightmare. I mean, how is he put into position?
No, he was appointed into position. He was reelected once. I will grant you that. He did get reelected primarily because he had pathetic opposition and he barely wanted that. But no, he was appointed by the governor to fill a vacancy that existed on the commission a few years ago.
And how long did you stay in that position for so your time on the tutor two years? I think I'm not really sure. I think he's up for re-election this year, which is why I think he's doing this.
I wouldn't see him doing it because it seems like it's going to hurt him for anything but trying to help him getting back into position.
Yeah, but you've got to understand. He assumes automatically that he's going to lose a good part of the Anglo vote. He's not concerned about that.
He's concerned about pandering to the Hispanic vote. He said, hey, look at me, man, I'm the champion. I'm Mr. Hispanic. Mr. Spanish.
That's why he wanted to put it to the people instead of the committee making a decision.
Oh, no, no, he didn't want to put it to people, but he wanted the Metro commission a few weeks ago to repeal the anti-volingual ordinance.
He didn't want to put it on the ballot. That was that was the cop out by the commission. He said, oh, we're not going to touch this with a 10 foot pole. It's a hot potato.
So we'll just put it on the ballot. Let the people decide again. It just passed the buck. Yeah.
Well, it was nice talking to me and me. And congratulations on your numbers. And I think you got a hell of a show.
Thanks a lot. Take it easy.
26 before one at W I N C and open line and Broward, 524 9400 Margate. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes.
Congratulations on your ratings. Thank you.
You earned it. I think Mr. Valdez is setting the stage for something else.
I listened to Mr. Fernandez, who is the head of the school board when he was talking to Rodney Ward on channel two.
He is going to propose that all students in date county learn a second language from the first grade up to the top.
They can't graduate without a second language. Oh, here's the kicker. It is going to be mandatory that that language to be Spanish unacceptable.
That you cannot elect to take French German Italian. You are going to be mandated that you speak Spanish unacceptable.
Well, this is the proposal and Rodney Ward said to him, well, don't you know how explosive this is Mr. Fernandez?
He said, yeah, he said, well, you think you're going to get this past. This is no, but we'll keep that on it the way at the door.
And we will eventually get it past. Yeah, see, this is another example of how the language is being used as a weapon.
And here we have a group of people for the first time in a history of this country. We have a group of immigrants who have been allowed to come in and they are telling us you will do it our way or else.
And you're taking over. Yeah, bloodless coup.
You are God. You are right. But I thought that was an important part of this discussion. And I think the school board should be brought to task to not even.
I don't mind the second language. I wish I spoke ten of them. You know, I have three meters in Switzerland who are native to Switzerland, who learn five languages.
But they do learning language. They learn their own languages. They are learning French Italian only because they're surrounded by the French out of Italian and whatever, you know.
But I think the school board should be taken to task.
Okay, I appreciate that 24 before one at WINZ will go to Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. How you doing? Okay.
I'm a 19 year old Iranian student in Miami. Right. I came here in 1979. I didn't speak a word of English. Incredible.
I was forced to learn because I had no one else to communicate with. And they didn't understand my language. Now, what I'm trying to say is that these Spanish speaking people in Miami have so many opportunities.
I mean, you go anywhere they have an English form and they have this Spanish form. True? Yeah. I mean, if you just take that away from me, right? I mean, that way they're forced to learn English.
Okay. I mean, my parents, my sister, I mean, all the families that I have here, they're forced to learn English. Now, in LA, there's a section of the town in LA that is owned by a lot of Iranians that have their own stories, but as a matter of fact, they're on funbook and everything.
But if you walk into the stores, even if you are Iranian, they will not speak to you in English. That's the way it ought to be. That's learned to communicate in English.
Yeah. It's so obvious. You know, it's such a tiring argument because it's so obvious and there are no real legitimate debatable points on it. And we've been here for over 200 years now in this country. Right.
And there's nothing to debate about. It's just the case of try to get a group of people to be a civil and to be socially agreeable and to compromise. And we just have a large segment of that community that is not willing to do it.
They're going to continue insisting and continuing to try to outnumber people and to outmuscle them and drive them out. And this is not acceptable. It's outrageous.
That's the state. See, this country has been called the melting pot. And it's just a bunch of people from all over the world have immigrated here over the years.
If the Polish people came in, they want to speak Polish. If the Swiss people came in, they want to speak their language. And if everybody wants to nail down and say, hey, I'm going to speak my language.
I mean, there would be, I mean, mass hysteria. I mean, you could communicate with anyone. Right. Okay. And I mean, if you're in the United States, if that language is English, then it's speaking with, I mean, one in Rome, do as Romans do.
Okay. Pretty simple. Thanks a lot. 21 before 1 at W and Z. We have an open line in date, 624 9400. Chase those Quattro, whatever the rest is. And let's take our next break. Here we'll come back right after this.
What are you waiting for? Yes, you now is the time to buy the car you want at the Brayman Auto Group during our special four day move them out of vent. There's no reason to wait. The inventory can't get any bigger.
And Mr. Brayman says, move them out now to make room for the 88s, whether we make money or not. Now through Sunday, you'll find a brand new 87 Cadillac Seville from only 1990 or a new 87 Sterling S automatic with air conditioning from only 18 490 or even an 87 Honda Civic GL 4 door from only 7, 995.
Brayman is the number one volume BMW dealer in the Southern United States because of deals like this, an 87 BMW 325 2 door 5 speed from just 19 590. And if you're waiting for a lower interest rate, stop waiting. We've got low interest rates now with finance plans that make sense. For the car you want at the price you want, come to the Brayman Auto Group today.
Brayman Cadillac Sterling BMW at 20th and Biscayne Boulevard. Brayman Honda Sterling at 7400 Bird Road.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
That's right.
How they start out divides in conquer right now. I think he's a fascist not a communist.
Why not he's trying to divide the city.
Yeah, let me say it again. North Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
I was going to make a little comment to you about last night. I was watching this program on the news about this whole issue and about death or whatever his name is but saying how we were being so happy.
It's not just about the people who are in the state of the critical us Americans and all the other foreign people who are from other countries because we shouldn't all.
It seems to be mostly the Cuban people who want this to go through so badly and it's just not right.
So by the time I went to bed I had the funniest dream about the whole state of Florida just breaking off from the coast of the United States.
And it was circling around not around Cuba but just making one big circle and there was the mayor or the governor rather up there at the front greeting Castro which is a little American flag like saying well we finally did it.
Here we are.
I went up this morning just with the oddest feeling about it and I said if this goes through this will be I will go to Alaska and I hate snow.
I just can't believe that this is happening again and they think they should push their way through so far.
Come on they get everything they're way they got all the commission is had to do with saying no that's all all they had to do is say no.
Forget it we're not going to bring it up again we're not going to put it on the ballot we're not going to discuss it anymore.
It's ancient history it's been voted on there are no problems going on. Why didn't they do that? Why didn't they just have the guts to say.
Horay goodbye audio so we've got to go on to some important business instead of you know putting this thing on the ballot and having a second hearing public hearing in September why didn't they just say no yesterday would have been very simple and get it over with.
We got a lot of problems we don't need that you bet.
How a good day.
Thank you.
Hi.
Miami hello.
Miami.
Hello.
When is Star Days?
Okay.
I'm a long time rister in a first time caller and I really enjoy your program.
Thank you.
I've lived in South Florida all my life and day counting most of the time and the last 10 years in Broward and I've been here I've seen what's happened.
I saw the Cubans come over from Castro's island in the early 60s with their tail between their legs.
We take them in with open arms, feed them, close them, give them money, small business loans and then they just slowly but surely try to overwhelm us.
And the only thing I have to say about to the voters in this county is get off your duff go out and vote this thing down because it's just the crest.
Oh, we can't let it get on a ballot.
We can't we can't have to nip it in the butt before it gets on the ballot because by next March this town will be turned into a parking lot if we let that go on.
But I will say this and that is that this fall when we have the elections whatsoever of the Metro commissioners are up for re-elections this fall again.
Every one of them has to be voted out of office.
Every one of the incumbents has to be voted out.
Exactly because they're just passing the butt forward to the voter.
Don't voice your opinion down there because your lab will not to get voted in next time by the Hispanic community here because most of the angloseness.
Kelly don't get on vote and they do.
That's the problem.
Yeah.
I sure appreciate to calling you.
Okay. Good hearing from you.
Thank you.
14-to-one at W.I.N.Z.
Let's go to Boca.
Hello.
Boy and star is Neil.
The first time caller, a long time listener.
Good.
You touched on it briefly yesterday.
I just want to say it again that the problem here in this state is not a Hispanic problem but it seems to be a Cuban problem.
And that is if you look at the power structure, all six state representatives are Cuban.
I don't think there's an elected official in Miami that's not Cuban.
Right.
And curiously you ask, well, why is here more hatred being spewed from Miami than you're coming from Pavana?
And I think of parts due to the Cuban, a vana Cuba anti-American propaganda.
But part of the rationale for Cuban people here to do what they're doing is this.
Now here it forms a mosaic when you listen to a number of different people.
One, the Americans, the only real Americans are Indians.
Two, the Americans took this country away from the Indians.
And now we have the right to take it away from you.
We are now in majority, at least in certain areas.
You read, first and in the article in the Miami News, November 8, 1986, where a woman by name of Terry Zubazietta said,
I am not insidious attacks on Cuban.
And she is a chairman of a group known as FACE about Cuban exiles.
And she differentiates it says, we are our political exiles, people with misunderstandings, we are not immigrants.
We're here in search of freedom.
You know, I was thinking about that last night.
You know, the oldest crap about exiles in the exile community.
This is 1987. It's 28 years after Castro took power.
These people have been here a lot of them for almost 30 years now.
How long is this exile community crap going to go on?
You know, how long is it before you can be a visitor, before you finally say, okay, I'm moving in and I'm staying.
And I'm unpacking my bags.
I'm going to be a part of the community instead of just pretending I'm sitting here in limbo waiting to go back.
That just doesn't fly anymore. It's not acceptable.
Well, it's acceptable to people that have rejected the melting pot concept and form and are in search of the salad bowl, like the proponents of Salad.
And you can see it, quote, another article in the Sun Sentinel of June the 1986 article by Buddy Nivens.
An individual who was going to boycott the Metro mover, he said it's in a front to all the county Hispanics that the announcements are on the Metro mover announcements and signs are in English and not in Spanish.
You know, this, if we would have embarked on a similar, people with a similar frame of mind when this country was formed, you wouldn't have any country.
But the only other thing I want to say, I think that the solution might be that we have taken another look at the Cuban immigration act.
And we have just, we have no control over immigration from Cuba if he did a castro does.
Well, I got news for you as long as you got a right wing administration and power like we do now in Washington.
They'd be delighted to have castro, you know, reopen the agreement that they made a couple of years ago with Reagan.
They'd be delighted to re institute that so that we can get a lot more good right wing Republican votes in here.
We can put them all in the orange bowl and we can naturalize them and make them citizens by wafing a magic wand and bringing the vice president down and get a lot more good right wing votes done here to vote for Republican candidates.
See, it's really unfortunate when the immigration policy becomes politicized because then it becomes even crazier than it was before. And that's what's happened.
Well, another quick thing, Neil, and that is that I never heard you mention it, but in 1986 to be exact on April 22nd, 1986, a law was passed in highly a resolution.
In the form of a resolution, the mayor to his credit with Ella signature, but it's about a page and a half document in the beginning of the resolution is the define and newspaper of general circulation to be utilized for legal advertisements by the city of Highlyah.
The very last sentence says this in order to serve the interest of a community legal ads in the city of Highlyah shall be published in Highlyah simultaneously in both the English language and in the language most commonly spoken Highlyah if other than English.
I know that is a resolution 86th, 35th with the date I mentioned. So you don't have a major city in this state where it is unlawful for the city to post a legal advertisement only in English.
Yeah, that's how far we've got well, I'd love to know what a lot of the people who advertise on billboards in Highlyah are going to start advertising in English because that's one of the most obnoxious things to drive on the Palmetto through that area.
The third street and through those exits that are Highlyah exits and see billboard after billboard in Esponule only no English they're not interested in those of us who don't speak Spanish.
And again, it's like a slap in the face, you know bring us in, allow us to take advantage of all the good things, but don't expect us to accommodate or do assimilate or do anything that we're supposed to do or that anybody who preceded us could do because we kind of have this burger king mentality.
We're going to do it our way and if you don't like it, you can move out. It's eight minutes before one at WY.
He represents the county is part of the commission of the county not the community.
Well, as far as I'm concerned, he only represents himself.
But I mean, a lot of you, Lizard, call Van, says, all because of the Cuban do this and the Cuban do that and that's wrong.
But don't you understand that this is just the beginning. In other words, if this thing gets on the ballot, we're going to have all of these generalizations and all of these hatreds and all of the ethnic division, I mean magnified by a thousand times whatever it is now. And for what? I mean, what do we need this for?
Yeah, I mean, but you do have a lot of American commissioners there that allow this jackass to do what he's doing.
Absolutely. And that's what I've said. That's why I'm giving all of their numbers. I'm not just giving his phone number out today. I'm giving the numbers of all nine commissioners, the mayor and the other eight commissioners because how in the world could they have gone along with this?
It's true. It's true. But it's not the yesterday. Absolutely.
Okay. I know about the people coming in here, not wanting to learn the language. That's a lot of hard scrap. I mean, you can walk into any English classes and they count in their pack.
I mean, I do understand that the older generations don't care or learn the language because they don't find any meaning there.
Well, every time we get into this, I try to point out that what I believe is the most divisive thing in this community is not people who don't want to learn it, but that they don't want to use it.
That's what the problem is. There are a lot of people out there that know it perfectly, but don't want to use it in public. And that's what creates the tremendous divisions.
Right. Official language is English and they help with everything else.
Exactly. It's very simple. There's nothing complicated about it all. If you go to Mexico, the language is Spanish. If you go to France, the language is French. Nothing complicated. It's no big deal.
Yeah, that's right. No other way through it. Okay, Neil. Thanks a lot.
Thank you. It only becomes complicated when people like George Valdes want to make it complicated. And all we have all these racist and it's the same old faces.
You know, was 60% it wasn't some little tiny segment of the community that came out, but 60% of those who went to vote in 1980. And that was a presidential election year, by the way.
That was Carter and Reagan in November of 1980. So there was a big turn out of voters and about 60% of them said, hey, we want to repeal that resolution.
We don't want this to be the only bilingual county in the whole country. And here's George Valdes in his infinite brilliance and wisdom.
Oh, it's just his racist racist hurting our feelings. Well, I'm not hurting your feelings. Well, I tell you that you're an asshole. George, because that's what you are.
You're a jerk in idiot. And you don't belong sitting on any kind of governmental body. You don't even belong as dog catcher.
You can barely even express yourself in English language on any occasion. And you're a Metro commissioner. How can this be possible?
Another part of the great legacy left to us by our former governor. And of course, the only reason most of us forget about him is because we sent him off to the Senate.
And in the meantime, the new governor is even a greater disaster than the one we had before.
Which is amazing how those of us in Florida continue to seem to be able to do that. You know, we had Ruben ask you. We thought he was bad.
Then we had Bob Graham, who was an unmitigated disaster. And now we've got Bob Martinez, who is the worst thing in the history of mankind.
Who makes Hitler look like a great humanitarian. But what are we getting excited about, right? Mike Wolf is here with a headline. CBS has got the news at one. The sunny shining somewhere.
Life is wonderful and we'll come back at 106. 107 at Wines, year last hour on Wednesday. Stand major. Be along from two to six. And Stan is going to be trolling in a Sponule for four hours this afternoon.
Okay, first order of business before we go back to your calls. Let's give these phone numbers out again. And just because Harvey Roof and called earlier and said, hey, listen, you know, we've had a tremendous response and congratulations and all of that. But enough is enough.
We aren't giving Harvey's number out anymore because we have him on record. He said at least three times during that phone conversation that he is against the commission putting the issue of bilingualism back on a ballot again in Dave County.
We have him on record. But the other eight here are the names and the numbers. Mayor Steve Clark, three, seven, five, five, three, oh, five.
Very D as in douchebag Shriver, three, seven, five, five, one, six, oh, George Valdez, who is the real perpetrator of all of this insanity again, three, seven, five, five, one, one, five, Barbara Kerry, three, seven, five,
five, fifty, two, five, Sherman, win, three, seven, five, five, one, two, eight, Jim Redford, three, seven, five, five, one, two, one, Beverly Phillips, three, seven, five, five, one, one, seven,
and Clara Osterley, three, seven, five, five, one, two, three, those are the numbers for the other eight members of the Metro Commission, the other eight underheads. And what we want you to do and we've had a tremendous response all day is have people call their offices and let them know in no uncertain terms. No, we do not need another referendum on bilingualism in Dave County.
We don't need any more divisiveness. We don't need any more hysteria. And we don't need to further embarrass the already negative image of this community before the rest of the world. Very simple. Miami. Hello. Hello. Hi.
Neil. Yes. This is the first time I've ever called you and my parents and I have listened to you for quite a few years. Good. But I did call Clark and I called Barry Schreiber and I called Valdez. Uh-huh. And I had quite a time getting to Valdez. The other phone numbers. You could get right in. I'm a little nervous. Okay. Just relax. You're so smart.
But I do agree and I listen to we listen to you all day yesterday about and I know how aggravated you were about what was happening to this here part of Miami. And I know because I know what my parents have going through.
And I see it because I'm down here and they've ruined Miami people. They don't care how they throw. I glutton. I pick up everything trash and everything. But that can happen anywhere because I know I come from the Midwest.
And I'm sorry. I just don't know what to say, but I just think you are fantastic. You and but stand major because we I remember his last. His last episode that he had on TV. I mean on the radio was he told this girl lay down. I want to talk to you. Yeah. Well, I think that's is it all. Okay. We appreciate her. He and have a great life.
Kindle. Hello. Hi. Do you think that when these people were brought in here, there was too much. Us made about it. They were held as he wrote. And can you name me any other ethnic group came to this country that has had at least three presidents come and shake hands all the way around.
And I think in their restaurant and promise them God. Oh, sure that politicians do that. In fact, when Nelson Rockefeller was governor in New York, he went into every ethnic into delis Chinese restaurants. I mean, people who couldn't even vote, you know, he became one of theirs for at least a couple of hours. So. But it's not just a question of whether presidents came and talked to them. That's not the point. The point is that the politicians here have encouraged and have expanded and have
created the nightmare that we have now. They've made it. They've created it. They created the climate for it and to keep expanding upon it. And you know, it's just a question of whether the people, the rest of the people are ever going to have the backbone to say, okay, this is where we draw the line or whether they're just going to keep retreating and moving farther and farther away.
Well, and it's not only in these big issues, it's small and city as things that happen that happen to one person where you are nudged out of an apartment.
A lot of a job. Yes. I left an apartment simply because it had been sold and.
And the people had left. There were only three of us left anymore and it was really made so miserable. In fact, I had a hole in my bathroom ceiling as big as a bushel basket where they had fixed the leaks.
And three months, I couldn't get anybody to do anything to cover their hole. And finally, I just moved out, which is what they wanted. They didn't say, get out. They didn't do anything either.
And now that was a beautiful apartment. And now there's not a blade of grass. The flowers have been destroyed. They're parking cars any which way it's disgraceful.
Okay, well, I don't know what to say. We can hear everybody's anecdotal story. And that's not the purpose of the program today. And it will put everybody into a coma and understand your dismay. But the bottom line is, purpose of the show is to try to motivate people to say, listen, we don't need this. The community can't afford it. And we're not going to sit still and let it happen.
And all of you morons on the beacon council and the Chamber of Commerce and all of you, whether self-appointed geniuses who have all the answers for what's right for this community, how the hell can you sit back and permit this to even be discussed?
So that we once again for the eight million time in the last ten years can become the laughing stock of the entire world. And they can point the finger at us and say, what a bunch of dummies.
They had a tropical paradise and they've turned it into a nightmare into a jungle. And then we can say, oh, look at that. They're picking out us again.
Hi, Alia. Hello. Hi. How are you? Good. I have a few things that I want to like to talk about. I think that bilingualism is more or less a code word for the Spanish assault on the English language.
It sounds a lot better to say bilingualism than it says to make Spanish equal with English. And you just wait till what happens in date county when more than half the population is Hispanic, whether they're Cuban or South American.
Then it'll be English, you know, doesn't it number two language and they'll make moves to make Spanish language of the county?
No, I don't think so because I don't think that this hysteria about the Spanish language also exists among Colombians and Venezuelans and the Caraguan and Salvadorians.
I think that primarily in a color made reference to this earlier, primarily this is a thing that has been promoted by and peddled within the Cuban community in date county.
I don't think that the rest of the Hispanics have that same hysteria about this subject. Do you think that the other Spanish people from South America have more of that immigrant will to learn the language?
I think so. I'm glad. And as a matter of fact, if you would, if you go out and talk to some people in the Hispanic community, you would find that the greatest rift that exists in this town is not between so called Hispanics and Anglos, but between non Cuban Hispanics and Cubans who are at tremendous odds with each other.
And there are great many people in this community who are Latins from some of the countries I mentioned who are tremendously upset because they get stereotyped along with that right wing militant language,
and they take great exception to it because they suffer for it.
Right. Well, all I can say is that I think that the XL have as much chance of going back to Havana as the shot son has to go back to terror on.
Correct. Okay. Thank you. Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Hi. I want to ask you who sang at the moment when you let off. Who sang what song? The Apple song. Who sang it?
Who's the group? I don't even remember his name anymore. I'll have to ask a tweet about what the name is. I don't even remember his name anymore. I hope you play it more often because it does fit him very well. Yes, it does.
And I want to also say it's the one that the college can even get through now because your lines are so busy. The wires must be burning and melting, which is a good sign.
Well, I hope the lines are burning and melting over there at the Metro Commission offices. That's what I want to see. I want to see the people in this town finally get off their asses and finally decide, hey, you know, we've had enough and now we're angry and we're going to say something and we're going to do something.
It's long overdue that people in this town at least got angry. That's right. And you're good one to lead and the motive because you're real strong in that area.
I was in Mexico a few years ago and I was there three weeks and already I could talk to any waiter or waitress and tell him what I wanted off the menu. I'm sure if anybody wanted to learn English, they could learn it just as fast.
Yeah. And luckily, we are getting to their children in education and teaching in English. And they are more.
But again, it's not a question of whether those young people know the language. It's a question of how many of them are going to be polite enough and decent enough to use it when they're in public.
And I'm telling you that there are a great many of those young people who use their language as a weapon and as a divisive means of separating them from other people when they're in public.
And it's rude and it's crude and it's arrogant and it's unacceptable.
All right. I want to say I think you're a lot more powerful than Valdez. And I'm sure your influence will help people motivate me to keep calling those commissioners.
And even that when we go to vote in November, if we bring this up again, sure it will help them motivate them a lot.
Okay. We'll try. Thank you very much. Thank you. Somebody called in to say that when you call any of the commissioners, you must leave your name where they won't record your call. They won't count it.
And if there's anybody out there too much of a coward to give your name, then forget it. I mean, if you're just too much of a coward, you'll let them know who it is that's calling. Then just forget about it and leave the lines open on them.
Sure. Plenty of other people will take the time to call. Let's go to North Miami Beach. Hello. Yes. Yes. Yes.
Yes. Near many years ago when our parents and grandparents came from foreign countries, in a lot of time at the vote, they had to know English.
And that was until they had a congressman in New York by name of Mark Antonio. He decided that since he was getting votes from East Harlem, which is mostly Hispanic and Puerto Ricans, that he would work a deal with the airlines to get many, many Puerto Ricans to come to live in New York, especially in New York.
And he's in his area. The 64 hours and entire family was moved from Puerto Rico up to New York. You could check this in your finance. It's not.
Anyway, I'm referring to people that came from France, Germany, Russia, Poland, whatever it was, whatever they came from, they had to know English before they could vote.
Mark Antonio perhaps didn't realize what he was doing when he started this business of having the Spanish boards, the boats for voting, because now the boats are down here.
Actually, the reason Mark Antonio was able to get that, because he claimed that the Puerto Rico was a territory of the United States, which automatically made Puerto Ricans American citizens. That's correct.
That's why he was able to have the boats in Spanish for the Puerto Rican people. Now, I too have lived in New York and I don't see where the Puerto Rican people up there try to force us to make Spanish up there,
like they're cubans down here trying to make well, not only don't they try to do it, but if they did, they would be laughed out of the Bronx. I mean, it would just, it would just be hopeless because the people in New York would not tolerate it. And the politicians there would not pander to it. They just wouldn't accept it.
Right. Now, the Cuban people down here, they look upon Mr. Reagan as God. I remember ours. There's a New York that time when Reagan was running for the first time. He was speaking to the people in Puerto Paci in the Bronx.
And he told them, if you're both to me, I could do something for you in this area. So they voted for him. I went up there recently. The place was still exactly the same as it was almost seven years ago when he was running for president the first time.
He did a damn thing for them. He will not do anything for the people down here either. Now, I would like to change the subject for a moment. Speak about Mr. Pereira.
If you or I were stolen goods, we'd be putting prison. But because the people down here, they think he's a God. He gets away with it. Why should he get away with it?
I also would like to say last year, the people in sunny odds, there are a lot of senior citizens up here who knew the buses to get them up to Harambeer because many of them see their doctors up there.
All of a sudden, one day there's a headline in the Miami Herald, senior citizens to get back to that bus. It wasn't a senior citizen from Harambeer, but it was a senior citizen in a little Havana to 60 people.
They're 19,000 in sunny odds, but he was able to get the buses back. The issue is on a Saturday. Monday, they got their buses back.
We had to wait almost six months before we were able to get back the bus to take us up to Harambeer. We had to do that by having a deal with some of the commissioners, either they would get us back to the bus or we would not vote for them.
One of them is on a list that you're talking about. I'm talking about Barry Schreiber.
Oh, yeah. One of my favorites. Right. Yeah. A real moron.
Well, now I'm going to call his office. What is his number? Barry Schreiber. 375-5160.
6.0. And in regards to this five-lingual, if it wasn't for English, I don't think Valdez would do where he is right now.
Yeah. Well, listen. If he ever learns to speak it, then we'll all be in trouble. 23 after 1 at WINZ. We have an open line in day 624-90.
Okay. Dracula strikes again. It's 126 at WINZ. We'll go to Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes. Brothers. Yes, sir. No, I can't speak in yesterday about some parts of this town. People being brain dead and everything.
I think while we need somebody like you, you know, people just not care. We need somebody like you to, you know, put the ball roll.
And I guess it could be people involved. While I've been trying for 11 and a half years with very little success, very little success.
Yesterday, about, you know, people being aware of the drugs and etc. Who is it? Who is it? I guess the people that are aware of it, knowing the people who are selling it, everything.
Reason the most, and they may be doing nothing about it is because they're probably using them.
Anyway, just one of them say that we need someone like you to get us going because I've been living here since I was 5 and 1959.
And I'll see you come and go and I see you going. Yeah, it's going fast.
I just want to say thank you. Okay. Thank you for calling and thanks for your interest. And it's going fast.
And this could be your last gas, folks. This could be, you know, those ridiculous bumper stickers. And I find them really stupid.
Well, the last American leaving Miami, please bring the flag. In fact, the New York Times article makes reference to those.
This is just about the end of the road. Your last chance, as I said earlier in the show, it's like they kind of drew the line in the dirt.
You know, I'd like step over the line and that's the end. And either you're going to make some real noise now and scream in your like crazy and say, hey, we're still a part of the United States.
And not everybody's going to go fleeing. And we're not interested in, you know, what percentage of the county is this and what percentage is that we're still part of the United States period.
Either you're going to say that or you're just going to give up. You're just going to throw on the towel and run away and let George Valdez in a bunch of Creetans, you know, decide the future of two and a half million people.
Or at least what is a little over two million people probably in, you know, in 10 years of the one and a half million.
Everybody will be jammed in the Broward and Palm Beach County. We'll be able to move in Broward and Palm Beach.
Miami Beach, hello. Yes. Yes, Neil? Yeah. I'm very glad to talk to you today because I came from Europe and I feel I can talk on behalf of many ethnic groups because I, as a matter of fact, I'm surprised that we have to talk about this at all.
I know it's depressing. Real depressing. When I applied for citizenship, I have to pass a test in English. All the other ethnic groups, they have to make tests in English. And what about the Spanish? Don't they have to pass tests in English? No. No, they take their drivers license test in Spanish. They stand in the orange bowl without knowing one word of English and they raise their hand. The vice president swears them in and says, Poof, you're a citizen. And all of a sudden they become American citizens.
They should not be citizens unless they pass a test in English. That's number one. The real litmus test now though is if you're a good obedient right wing Republican, then you can be a citizen like immediately.
I'm not going to do it with that. Snap of the finger. Well, unfortunately, unfortunately with this administration, it does. Okay. Now another thing, they talk about interpreters. What about other minorities? If they need interpreters, they get their own interpreter. It's no problem.
But this is what they call the equal racist and they say that that remark was racist on his part. I was very much in sense when he when he called to the others who opposed the anti-bilingualism, they call them racist yesterday.
Okay, so my opinion is there should be no question. They should pass test in English for citizenship and we should.
Spanish would be in the same line as all other languages, not with a preferential treatment. Okay, I'm with you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Miami. Hello. Yes. Yes. I'm an English teacher. Right. I might be able to give you a little different perspective on this problem.
I teach remedial students in English and most of those students are Hispanic and they come from Hispanic families where their parents don't speak English or speak very little English. They get the Miami Harold and Spanish. Great. They've gone through the whole, the whole rigmarole right now. We have Spanish GEDs. We have Spanish high school diplomas. We have bilingual everything and now the school board is moving towards making Spanish mandatory.
Yeah, that's what somebody earlier said and if that happens, good luck to us all. Right. Well, I'd just like to say there's two things in the Hispanic community I'd be interested in this also. The Hispanic community is also a big loser if we continue to make bilingualism. If we continue to make Spanish on an equal level with English because they're limiting themselves to South Florida.
And statistics also show that people who know just one language, especially Spanish, are not as employable. They don't do as well economically and of course they're limiting themselves geographically. Also, we have to talk about the blacks, the minorities in this community who don't know Spanish and who aren't going to learn it.
No, and I don't think they should suddenly have to learn that. Exactly. And I think it's very arrogant to say, well, we're in the majority now or we've done a lot of good things here financially so you should learn Spanish.
And also, there's statistics that show that the Hispanic businesses in South Florida are very, they're not very good at affirmative action. They don't tend to hire people.
What an understatement that is. Yeah.
blacks, of course, just like a lot of anglos, don't know Spanish. And so they're less likely to be hired. And that's a problem.
A lot of times I think the English only people are characterized as red necks or part of the KKK. Yeah, racists.
I'm for the anti-bilingual movement because I teach Hispanics and also I see the discrimination against people who don't speak Spanish and who don't feel that they should have to learn it.
Okay, thanks a lot. Okay, on my screen it says the next caller is George Valdes. Can this be for real? Hello? Hello? Yes. Neil? Yes. How are you? Okay, I'm well.
It's nice to hear from you. I was informed that you were having the capsule this morning and that you were having a good writing. And I want you to let me tell you for it.
Let me tell you this opportunity.
Well, you're familiar with my show, George, because you were on my show a couple of times some years back on another radio station. And I had very high ratings then. And a lot of people heard you when you were on my station one night.
Make the pledge. I got you on record.
If you're going by me. No, no, wait a minute, George, if you'll let me finish.
I want a time or two times. If you will let me finish my sentence, George, I'd like to just remind you that you promised me and my audience about four years ago that you would not do anymore.
That was after those minor alterations were agreed upon in the anti-bilingual ordinance. You pledged that you would never attempt to repeal the ordinance that you would mess with it.
You wouldn't bring it up again. That it would be divisive. It would be kind of productive. The people had spoken and I would like to know I'd let think the public would like to know just what is it that's happened suddenly now that causes you to bring this up again so we can open all the old wounds again.
I and why have you decided to go back on your word to the public?
Tell you that you are absolutely correct that those were my statement at that time.
Yeah. The reason that I have brought this back is because since 1990 already have fast eight years. I think seven, George.
We're going to say seven is right. I think that the community has helped the reason for this referendum as you know as well as I do was because of the Maria Refugees.
We wish I agree that through Maria came a percentage of people that were insane and people that were taken out of Q and J off by throughout Castro and because of that increase the amount of crime in our community.
Most of those people are right now in jail or either in the process of the court.
I think that the remaining of the anti-balling were organized. We said that we are an anti-balling of county.
Third, not only the feeling of a large settlement of this community, but also the image of the county.
Oh my God. How in heaven's name can you be sitting on that other end of this telephone telling me that the anti-balling will ordinance has hurt the image of date county.
It's the kind of divisive politics that you specialize in that hurts the image of date county. It's the crime. It's the reality. It's the drugs. It's the violence.
It's all of these real things that are going on out there that you and your fellow commissioners ought to be addressing. These are the things that have hurt the image of date county, not the anti-balling will ordinance.
And I'll let you finish George, but I want to point out I want to point out one other thing to you. There are far more Hispanics living in Los Angeles, County, California and in New York City and in El Paso, Texas, then will ever live in date county, Florida.
And none of those places and no other city and no other county and no other municipality anywhere in the United States of America is officially bilingual none, not a zero.
Well, and the feelings of those people are hurt because the folks in those communities haven't said we are officially bilingual. They still manage to function without having their feathers wounded every day.
Neil, will you let me finish this? I'm listening. Good. Thank you very much.
What I was saying about the image of the city of Miami, date county is the international image that everybody see off an anti-viling wall city in my opinion.
Just no need for that. I would like to have a city.
You see the problem is the people in this community don't care about your opinion. The people have spoken 60% of the people said they did not want this to be a bilingual county.
And you know as well as I do, there is nobody in Latin America who doesn't come here because they think we have a shortage of people who can communicate in Spanish. That's let's ludicrous.
I would like to very much. Even even the head of salad, Mr. Soto said this community cannot afford any more problems, any more divisions, any more polarization. This is nothing but political expediency.
Even Mr. Soto has said that who is from one of the most militant Hispanic organizations in our community. So who are you speaking for?
Why don't you invite me in the future to spend a reasonable amount of time in your program?
No, I still want you to answer my first question. Why have you lied to the public? You admitted that on my program you agreed not to do something. There's no such thing as saying I'm never going to do it again.
You know, all of a sudden you decide what best to do. I wait for me to be in your program on the present time. But you don't want you to want to answer my question.
But you don't want to answer my question.
I was going to answer your question, but you do not let me finish. So please invite me if you want for a radio program like next week's on time. I would be my pleasure to be here.
I'd be delighted to have you here.
Thank you very much.
Wait a minute. If you hold on right now.
No, you're not at time. Thank you very much.
Wait a minute. What do you mean you'll call me another time? If you really want to be on, why don't you hold on?
No, you don't want to be on because you're a liar. You're a divider and you're a political panderer and you're a disgrace to our community, Mr. Valdez.
And I don't want you on the program. So get lost. You're a disgrace. You're disgusting.
And don't sit here and ask me why I don't invite you on the program. And then when I ask you to put you on hold so I can go get our producer and have him arrange it.
Oh, well, you call me another time. You're lying again, Mr. Valdez, because that's what you specialize in is lying and dividing.
And we don't give a damn what you think, whether you think that the rest of the world has this image or that image because you're not qualified to make decisions for the future of date, counting in two million other people.
You're not qualified to make decisions for yourself. I'm not sure who decides what kind of underwear you put on in the morning when you get up.
Because you don't want to come into the real world and all of this crap about all the rest of the world looks at us as anti bilingual. What a lot. What a poor lame stupid excuse. That is Mr. Valdez pathetic.
Doesn't want to answer any of our questions and doesn't want to address how the he himself is quoted in the newspaper this morning is saying that he didn't want this to go to referendum.
This was the excuse he gave last time he wanted the commission just to arbitrarily rescind the will of the public and overturn the anti bilingual ordinance because at the time he said that a referendum would tear the community apart.
And yesterday he sits down and right at the beginning of the commission meeting he's going along with the referendum because that's the only way he can get his will.
And the real reason is because now seven years later he knows the population the percentages have changed and he feels he can get enough Hispanics whipped up into a frenzy out there to come out to vote next March to overturn the will of the public.
We need this Mr. Valdez like we need hemorrhoids we need you like we need hemorrhoids you're a disgrace and though I don't want you on this program because all you would do is lie again.
Why should I bring back somebody who just admitted right on our air that he's lied to the public he admits that he made that commitment on my program four years ago he admits it or three years ago whenever it was he lied to the public.
And as far as I'm concerned on an issue that is as emotional and divisive of this community when a public figure lies to the public he ought to be removed from office and Mr. Valdez you ought to be recalled tomorrow if we could do it that quickly.
And if there's anybody in this audience who would like to begin a recall campaign against Mr. Valdez and or any of the other commissioners in the Metro Commission I'd be delighted to be a participant in that effort.
And you can count upon this program as a major catalyst in that effort because I'm sick of this crap.
Here we have this is just like during Mary L. Man we've got all of these incredible problems. Oh Neil we like to talk about the good things that are happening in date county and this is sitting down there in South Miami where like within a half a mile we got cars out there on Dixie highway with bodies in them and with coke dealer shooting each other out at day land as they were back then.
Oh we like to talk about the good things happening in date county and you more on out there keep putting these people back into office the Harvey Ruvans and the very Shribers and the Steve Clarks and the George Valdez and you've got to take a big part of the blame for it because you're disgraceful by your actions of putting these jackasses back in office and rewarding them for raping the public and destroying this beautiful community shame on you.
And if George Valdez ran for dog catcher next time and got more than two votes somebody ought to be somebody ought to be taken in prison for doing it because it's criminal to vote for people like this.
Oh the international community but we've got more international banks and more drug money and more international business we've got you know we've got enough people here who can speak Spanish for the rest of mankind okay.
But he didn't want to address any of my questions including why did he lie? Why is it that those communities that have much much larger numbers of Hispanics seem to function.
Without declaring themselves bilingual. Oh all these feelings that are being heard you're hurting a lot of our feelings you say you don't care about that you're hurting a lot of our feelings because what you're saying to us is we don't really live in the United States we live in some kind of God damn but an
ordinary public where people like you can make all kinds of arbitrary decisions on what language we speak and we don't buy it Mr. Valdez.
Go to night school and take a few courses learn to speak English learn to become an American learn take some civics courses learn what the American system of government is all about.
How we've had the suffer in this community with people like Joe Carrollo and Mr. Demetrio Perez and George Valdez on and on down the line all of these right wing fascist minded lunatics and all the rest of us who live not just in date but in all of South Florida had a suffer from the fallout because economically unfortunately you can't just cut Miami off the map or Dave County even off the map and separated from the rest of South Florida because the world doesn't look at us that way.
As the article in New York time should very well point out there's any discussion about anything except Miami Miami Miami and all the rest of us who live in about a 50 or 80 mile radius man we suffer from the lunacy that goes on in Miami and in Dave County.
It's 16 till two at W. I. N. Z. We'll come right back with all the congressional hearings going on.
Lumbards felt it was time for you to know the truth about sporting good no matter what anyone says.
Lumbards guarantees the lowest price.
Lumbards here after that call the more the steam comes out of my ears feelings are being hurt well I got news for you Mr. Valdez you jackass.
There are a lot of people out there who aren't still alive who don't have any feelings anymore because they're six feet under because people like you and people at the Miami Harold and the Spanish language radio stations
and Jimmy Carter decided it would be a great idea to make Fidel Castro the head of the natural immigration and naturalization service for a little while that was just a brilliant idea so that we could send all of the boats and whip the public up into a frenzy and turn this community into a toilet.
And that's what you and your friends have helped to do in these last seven years Mr. Valdez and you know something it hurts my feelings.
And it hurts the feelings of the people whose loved ones are here to speak for themselves it hurts the feelings of the people on South Beach who have been mugged and whose lives have been destroyed by the swill that you and your friends helped to bring in here via Fidel Castro your good friend isn't it interesting how Fidel is our is our enemy and Fidel is the monster but when Fidel decides that he's going to empty out his prisons and his own hands.
And it hurts the feelings of the people who are in the same asylum that we have all of these people in Dade County who want to be willing co conspirators to go down there also we get our relatives who cares if we destroy the community in the process and bringing all this swill that Fidel is going to send here along with them.
So you see Mr. Valdez it hurts the feelings of a lot of people whose businesses have been destroyed whose lives have been destroyed it hurts the feelings of a lot of people who were lived here long before you ever got off the boat.
That this community has been turned into a cesspool and you've got the goal to call up on this radio station again so that you can lie to the public again.
Don't ever call this program again because I won't put you on the air because you're a goddamn liar you're a disgrace you're an embarrassment and Governor Graham sent a Graham ought to come back to this community and apologize to the people of Dade County and of course he's a he owes us apologies for a lot of things and one of them ought to be for appointing you a dummy on the and or thought like you to sit as one of nine members of the most important political organizations.
And then I'm going to ask you to come back to the station in Dade County shame on him. It hurts our feelings.
Pembroke pines hello. Yes. Yeah. I love this. This is great. I can't believe it. I'm on the phone. I'm.
How do you like that douchebag calling in here and then pretending that he wants to come on the show.
I heard listen to the accent. Yeah. And that's basically that says it all and what I heard because I'm I hear it through the phone about five seconds before the radio. Yeah. And I'm listening to this and he's not saying the people nothing is I.
Yeah. And that's basically why this is coming up again. Yeah. That's right. I just I asked and there was another question he wouldn't answer who were all of these people who are so upset and who are so wounded and whose feelings are being heard and he can't tell us anybody.
Oh, they're trapped. If he wants to come on your show, he'd be prepped in this and that. No, what he would do is just like the last times he came on my show, he'd bring his wife and his children.
And he would sit them in the studio and he'd look at me with that puppy dog look like you're not going to really attack me in front of my family. I'm not making it up. That's what he does. That's his tactic.
Yeah, I got to thank you. This is great. I can't believe it. I've just been a part of this. I'm listening. I just you know what? This is not going to make you mad because this is like 60 minutes or a little down to you.
Well, this is the real world when he live in South Florida. I know and you hear all this stuff. But yeah, what what are we going to do with that? You got me off the stop now. And I want to know what can we do?
Well, what you can do is you can take down the numbers. I did. And I called in and I'm on the list. She said the secretary of course.
Because Beverly Phillips wasn't in. Oh, yeah, she's eating. You know, she eats like eight in the morning to midnight. 10 30.
And she said, well, we're writing a list. They'll give me your name. You know, I'm thinking, what does that mean? But hey, I don't care. I'm not afraid. I get exactly.
You know, I'm not not only that you can give her any name anyway. How does she know? Yeah, but still I wish I could give my name 10 times over if it could do anything because what you're what you're talking about and this bilingual issue is really the tip of a nice.
And it's interesting isn't it that two of the commissioners we had Mr. Roof and earlier who has gone on record, although you know how much does that mean we've got it on the logger tape.
He's gone on record that he is against putting this on a ballot. I was looking. Okay. And now we have Mr. Valdez who is also admitted that I'm telling the truth.
When I said that he came on my show three or four years ago and that he vowed not to do this. So you know, I'm not telling anything that isn't the truth. Mr. Valdez in essence has admitted that he's a damn liar.
Oh God. You know, you know, this is great. It really is. I just wish that this program could be put on TV or something on the six o'clock news. Yeah, what you just did. You made George look like an asshole. Well, that's exactly. Well, he's looking natural.
What do you see as long as you know what? Oh my God. It is true. You know what? Neil, I bet I know this is going to blow me out of the water probably, but because of this today, I'm going to forgive you what you said about the Boston Celtics at Larry Bird.
Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. I'm glad you mentioned that. No, no, no, you're going to like this. Hold on a minute. I was going to, you know, this stuff got to me today because I was thinking about it all night last night.
So I kind of let go a lot of stuff that I was going to play today, although we did play some pretty interesting stuff this morning, but I have a thing here somewhere. And if I can find what major did with it.
It says Larry Bird on the card. If I can just find it, you're going to love it. I was going to make just a little bit of peace with all the Celtic fans by playing this. And of course, major, I gave it to him.
And he puts it in his rack and a chance is a fighting it now on a scale of a million are almost impossible.
Well, you know, I agree with just about everything you say, but when you got on the phone about Boston, I got mad at you. And I said, I don't like getting mad at Neil.
Well, here it is. Okay, wait a minute. Go to the radio. And this is our making peace with all the Celtic fans. Okay. Okay. You bet.
Well, I'm very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
东 perceive me at night, I have time with the same Net monetizer, bukan, non, no, no, non, no, no, no, oh, don't be an ant, no, no, no, no, this is not enough for me, because, hey, I would deliver them, and our
Mr. Valdes, I got news for you.
This is just the beginning.
This is only the tip of the iceberg.
We've only begun to let you know how we feel
about you and your mung-brain crew down there, okay?
I mean, when are the people in this community
I've been asking this for 11 and a half long years?
When are you gonna, if nothing else,
at least get mad, okay?
At least get mad.
Get mad enough to take a pencil
and write down these numbers and to make a phone call,
make 500 phone calls.
I don't care how many times you call them,
give 500 different names.
If you don't have a good imagination,
just get the phone book out and get the names
out of the directory.
You know, I'm Haysu Salvarez,
you know, whatever name turns you on.
Steve Clark, the illustrious mayor,
Mr. In the closet, 375-5305.
Like I said, call him early in the day
before he gets sauceed.
Barry Schreiber, Mr. Dushbag, 375-5160.
George Valdes, whose name has become
one of the seven words I think,
I don't, I think his name is actionable
by the FCC now.
375-5115.
Barbara Kiri, she be the token on the commission,
375-5205.
Sherman Wynn, 375-5305.
5128.
We left Harvey Ruvanov
because we've already got Harvey on record.
Chim Redford, 375-5121.
Beverly Phillips, who is busy eating now,
375-5117.
And Clara Osterley, the great witch of the Metro Rail,
375-5123.
Tell you that you are absolutely correct,
that those were my statement at that time.
There you've got it.
We've got you on tape, Jorge.
You're a liar.
You admitted it on this show today.
At tomorrow, we have Arthur Lyman
and Mr. Neilds are gonna be here
to question some of the Metro commissioners.
And it's not gonna be, you know,
the kind of pussy footing around
that I did with them today.
It's gonna be the real heavy stuff.
So, Jorge, in closing, we have one thing to say to you.
Astaluevo.
And the recall campaign begins now.
Trust me.
And as I said at the beginning of the program,
whether it's Jorge Shulti,
with his old mothball ridden suit,
or M.E. Schaefer, I don't care who it is,
at this stage of the game.
We'll join forces with anybody and everybody
who's got the guts to say...
Adios.
...to these idiots.
That's gonna do it.
Stan Major is, did you hear the nympho thing
we played for you earlier?
No, I'm sorry. I'll help you.
You'll love that.
I'm gonna leave it off with that.
You take that to Benagons with you.
That could do it for that young brother.
That's where Jorge just called, by the way.
Diddy.
Yeah, he didn't know who to talk to.
So, we ought to tell him that the name is Gary Lawrence.
Good. Okay.
Okay, speak to Gary.
And Espanol.
Michael for the headline, CBS with the news,
the Stan Major show from two to six.
And we'll see you tomorrow.
We're gonna be doing our show in the Danish tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
