The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
as
GB
And
with
When the shadows will be sore, I'm just waiting to be able to sign
We'll ride the wheel
We'll ride your show, send a show, we'll ride the show
There we go, I don't think, just walk me
I'm just waiting, I can see you
I can't wait to sign
We'll ride the wheel
We'll ride your show, send a show, we'll ride the show
This is the very last day
I was going to play that by Peter Paul and Mary did it to start the show
I brought in a Peter Paul Mary album from the house
Little groggy when I left the house
I sat down to put it on the card
It was great, the intention was good, but it was the wrong album
The very last day is not on there and you didn't get to hear it
That's the way it goes and that's an omen for what kind of a show it's going to be today
But we do have a lot of people who only listen on Saturday and can't listen during the week
So I guess probably I should tell them that this is my last show on this radio station
I'm going to restrain myself, I'm not going to get excited about it
I'm going to be over-enthused about it
And Monday morning, now how do we explain this in a way that they can relate to?
Because the audience seem to be very slow during the week
Monday morning, I'll be on Zeta 4 at 94.9 on FM
6 to 10 Monday through Friday every morning no more Saturdays
This is not only my last show on WINZ, it's my last show on Saturday
Which is a lot more important to me
Ever, never again
That's our battle cry, never again
And so basically that's it and of course the bird will be over there
We fought tooth and nail but we still had to take him
And Lee Gillette will be on the show this morning to butcher it up a little bit
And that's going to be it and we'll be doing a talk show
Not going to be playing 18 in a row or 20 in a row
It's not going to be a music intensive show
Every now and then to pacify the program director will play a record
You know like maybe once an hour and that'll be it
And I did hear all of those words of doom
Boy you know once you walk out of this building
All of a sudden they turn on you
Even Stan turned on me
Oh yeah, he's going to have trouble with those phone numbers
He's going to be really rough
And you know I just couldn't believe it all these
Wow I'm not going to go out buy an FM for him
I'm not going to buy an FM
All these guys with their cheap company radios
I got news for you and not only will you go out and buy an FM
But you'll be listening to it religiously
You'll be getting up an hour earlier
Then you ever got up in your life before
So if you can protest all you want
But starting in a few days you'll be you'll finally break in
You'll need your fix and you go on you buy your FM radio
It's really pretty pathetic when you hear guys like that
Because everybody has got an FM radio
I mean even little kids have FM radios
You know so all you big spenders out there
Good luck to you
I heard about four calls in a row
And I left here on yesterday
And I just couldn't believe it boy
The minute you all were not going to buy an FM
Good luck to him
Good luck to you you know what I'm saying
So anyway we're just going to kind of reminisce a little bit today
We got some of the old stuff from the past year
That really kind of touched the hearts of people all over South Florida
Like Helen Dale Vice and Wasting Away in Helen Dale
And we even have something a little special
Maybe on a play it now
We only do this on very special days on this show
Okay but this is also remember the so far campaign
And our desperate attempts to fend off the FCC
And Portland main and all these other lunatics
It's only on Paris special days ladies and gentlemen
That you get to hear this
We'll never hear this on a sandy patent show
You can go to the bank on it
Talkin' what are we gonna do?
I say talkin'
We are all being screwed
I say listen
Why is this happening to us?
We want the FCC to get our our butt
Talkin' there's no place for us now
Even DJs are all down in the mouth
You can listen
But now you won't find any words that will tear up your mind
No fun to be felt or by the FCC
No fun to be felt or by the FCC
There's nothing left
For us to enjoy
We'll soon be playing with children
For us to be felt or by the FCC
No fun to be felt or by the FCC
There's nothing left to be cleaned
They think they know what we should feel
They try to dictate to us what is real
Young and old
These listen to us I say young and old
Please don't put up a bus
Help us petition
The FCC but you must help us with one thing
You'll be a real Roger
Can't do it for myself
Let's help him
Don't put it up on the shelf
Let's be FCC
No just how you feel
And maybe we'll get the sunshine
So are we, Phil?
FCC what are you doing to us?
FCC what are you doing to us?
Are we waiting to offline?
In fact they might lie
Because of the FCC
You want to ban what we can do
FCC you ban what we can say
You've even tried
You ban the record
That the teacher's name
People I am talking to you
I said people
Let's stand and fight for what's true
And you're a letter
Into so far so we can tell the FCC
What the end of us they are
Neil Roger
And so far I'm sorry
People we have nothing too hard
Young and old
Get your opinions out and maybe the FCC
Will stay out
FCC in the morning now
And the evening now
No one knows what worst
Right now we're saying
We are the FCC to let us see
Go away
Get off our backs
FCC let us live our lives
For real
A performance that will live in infamy
Angoli
Thank you Marlon
Marlon Bailey of course found that somewhere in a trash can
And brought it in
Marlon was a big part of the last year
We had our ups and downs with Marlon
And we provided a lot of laughs
And a lot of heartburn
A lot of grief, a lot of jackets
Oh yeah it's been quite a year
So we're going to just kind of reminisce here today
Talk to some of the usual Saturday missfits
And there shouldn't be too many complaints today
Because generally on Saturday we get this crap about
You got to keep working Saturday because we can't hear you during the week
Because we're in school, we're working, we're doing important things during you know those midday hours
And now that you'll be on the morning everybody here on Saturday ought to be an ecstasy
We shouldn't get any more of this crap like we had yesterday all of these
Confused people
What are you only going to be on Monday?
What Monday?
Boy they are a little slow out there folks
But we do have a couple of guys that the management has hired with sandwich boards
We're going to be walking the beaches some very heavy promotion
Going to be involved in this change
And I guess I should mention that Jay Michaels is going to be here starting on Monday morning
Let's see Monday through Friday from 10 to 2 on AM right here now
And like the real sucker that he is Saturday morning from 6 to 10
You know it's not bad enough Jay that you agreed to do 6 days
But 6 to 10 on Saturday morning
I mean you got to be kidding, a real masochist
And I think you're like Jay
We all like him and we wish him good luck
And our numbers in Dade County we're just going to play a real mellow here today
You know what I mean? Like get it over with already in Dade County 6 to 4 9400
And Broward 5 to 4 9400
I do want to caution you in advance that someone we all know and love has threatened to come in around noon
And well I guess he wants to give his last cacles and before speaking of last cacles how could I forget?
We also have another change on wins
You know we have this great summer book so we figure we'll screw up the whole station now
And we have a big change coming Monday morning from 6 to 10
I guess this is going to be my competition now
And a little new wrinkle in the news business
And we thought we'd give you a little bit of preview here
For those of you Arlene Ross fans who are waiting salivating at the mouth
Okay we'll try one more
I'm a swim carry one
Bring another person director to have a game with you
A little preview of Arlene Ross and Michael from the new Monday morning news show here on wins
You'll never be any bad news even in plane crashes
Ten car wrecks, instant fatalities, drug wars, nuclear bombings
There'll always be a little chuckle in your morning when you listen to the news on wins
So that's a little preview of what's coming up on Monday and I think what we ought to do by this take our first break
Those of you probably have moral wins logs for today show at home those of you who keep track
And you want to frame this probably have a golden framed
And they know save it for posterity
Ten eighteen at the end
What's that?
Could you say freeze major Miami vice your under arrest?
Freeze major Miami vice your under arrest pal
Thanks Don I love you
Yeah right you dummy
Twenty one past ten at W.I.N.C. and of course the dummy will be in from two to six this afternoon
And the Stan is going to be talking about his ratings this afternoon
And he ought to to be honest with you I hadn't realized it because I was busy basking in my own ratings that is
But that for one that he got in the afternoons the biggest number that this station's had an afternoon in a long time
That's a big number in afternoons drive just in case Stan doesn't know it
And of course some guys who are making enormous amounts of money we don't want to mention their names
But you know the gigantic egos with their two six I mean let's get serious mobile
Hey Neil
Hey you hung on I can't believe it very trick one man what a great American you know the commercial I deliver that on my mobile
Sorry I'm on the bike head north I'm up around Palm Beach now and I don't know it as mobile phone kicks out after certain times
On your new mobile phone you got a hands-free job or you got it yeah I got a hands-free job yeah
That's a real trick I'll tell you you know people look at you like you're out of your door though when you sit in their laughter
And no phone in your hand they think man this guy's got a problem
Yeah well with me they figure you know I'm just practicing for the next show so it doesn't bother me
Well congratulations on your move I'll be listening then you know that's gonna be rough to lose you in the afternoon
But I guess I guess I can get you see yeah but you sound like an early riser what time you get up in the morning
I get up really I'm on the road but I just got a little I'm gonna miss having somebody in the afternoon
Because I'm in my car all day long you know
Yeah well what do you mean miss somebody in the afternoon what about Stan he's not going anywhere
What time Stan doesn't come on to later though
Yeah how about the new man what do you think of him?
Jay's gonna be good right trust me
Okay congratulations on the move thanks a lot
Okay well he had a good the car phone didn't he that sounded good
As opposed to some of those cheapos you know where it sounds like they're calling from the moon
23 past 10 and winds north Miami good morning
No yes sir I get doing bad
Okay listen I need an education real quick on these rating systems
Yeah what exactly did it let you have a nine share or ten share
This time yeah I don't know seven five seven for now what now what age group is that that's like a twelve plus figure
That's everybody twelve plus so this guy sounds a little knowledgeable now twelve plus as soon as he says that
Now I don't know I have to ask you a question how do I agency that average title is normally by
They buy 25 to 54 generally and I had a seven in men and women 25 to 54
Which is about probably the biggest number in the history of this radio station
So we're very proud about that
That's it now where are you like how many did you were your number one in what in the 25 54 no
Where are we number three I think well you got to understand this counts like WQBA
In fact if anybody wants to see these things and see the incredible way that the Hispanic community fills out their diaries
It's unbelievable I mean the length of listeners have once they start listening if you believe them they never turn it off
I mean they're just a glued in there on QBA and our HC but now we did very well
It did three now who is number two number two what are you writing a book or what I mean I do have all of this but I'm sure the audience
Who's out delivering you there well let's see number one in 25 to 54 was waxy they did very well they had a good book
And number two
Number two listen if we got long enough I'll find it I haven't have any idea who is number two
Oh here it is life life life
I thought they have all those old listeners don't I take that back life was number one and waxy was number two and 25 to 54 and I was number three
Gotcha yeah alright but of course life nobody listens to life they just when you get trapped in the elevator you listen to it
Yeah that that that the radio doesn't work that stations of no
But all right big guy want to know what was going on with the rating system okay we we done good it done good listen you have a good life
Thanks you too pal for a lot of Dale hello good morning hi how are you great great
I'm Ellen you be Ellen yeah man I be Ellen why does I'm working today well so am I so we both be Ellen yeah
But I'm kind of happy about it because this is my last Saturday ever they will never ever do this to me again if they try to do it to me again I'll become very religious
Oh really why because Jews don't work on Saturday I'm just working for no reason I don't work today
Me too me too absolutely that's why I felt every Saturday for the last year
Listen we're calling from the world great as company really looking for a free plug probably right no okay no free plug
All right good that's very nice my name is Terry okay are you are you going to be listening Monday morning Terry yeah on Zeta yeah great it's already on there excellent
So we've got two radios one on yours and one on Zeta now you're talking yeah and you can listen to the one on Zeta and pretend you're listening to the one over here
Right okay Terry it's great hearing from you yeah you have a good weekend bye bye nice what a nice lady it's 27 past 10 at W.I.N.Z do want to remind you by the way those of you groupies out there that stand and I will be eating at the melting pot around midnight tonight
Of course they close them at night but now sometime this weekend we will be eating there I'm not going to give you the time because we're tired of some of the groupies who just want to come around and claw at the end of the table you know
We'd like to be friendly to everybody but enough is enough and when you're having that kind of a meal you want to be left alone to sit there and salivate and enjoy every last drop of that white chocolate
and the cheese and sit there and watch Dave stick his finger into the grired cheese and just add that extra touch that makes it so sensational
Papano hello how are you doing all right congratulations on all your success thank you and I know you'll do well at Zeta and in fact you know with the ratings that you've been talking about it seems like a lot of people in this market included including the media seem to feel like it's only in the last year that you've had good ratings
yeah what do they know we see when you're on at night you're buried like nobody pays any attention to you well you know the fact of the matter is I know when you were on W snooze you had double digit ratings at night and well even at the beginning when that station I think at a 5,000 watt signal which you couldn't even hear and then when you moved to W I and Z at night I mean you know you were managed to take the whole audience with you yeah with our big night time signal that goes almost all the way to Pemberg Pines with an unbelievable signal yeah you can say that again in fact where I live we picked up the
day we picked up I think W m a C better than we did I and Z yeah that's the station to make and do I know about nine forty I know yeah but uh you know getting back to I want to get back to Zeta for a second now I kind of hope that you do very very well so that maybe about another year from now they'll really make a change and make an F M talk around of it well you know there's an interesting pattern that takes place and that is when I first came here
Shortly thereafter, I was really hot to try to do midday to go on the daytime because I felt that you know
They were wasting their time with the all news, which is kind of a passive format in most markets and the word was
They will never ever never take news off during the daytime on w. I. N. C.
And you saw what happened to that right yeah, and we proved it with the numbers
Then the word was that they are committed to music on Zeta
They will never put talk on FM ever ever they will never do it now Monday morning. We're gonna do it
So the more they deny that they're gonna do something the more I'm confident that it's gonna happen so you know
Yeah, but I like to see you give some of these people a run for their money because you know as far as morning f
Fam is concerned the only one that I think that has any degree of being a radio person is Bill Tanner
Yeah, Tanner and the guys on hot 105 Dan McKin Jim Skyler. They are really funny
They're work hard and they're creative and they do a lot of funny stuff
No, Tanner had music that I could listen to I'd listen to them
But you know, I know he's a talented guy. Well, that's why when he called in yesterday
I said
Hey, we're not really competing because you're playing all that scratch crap and you're appealing to ethnic young ethnic people
And you know, that's not our audience so we're not competitors
Yeah, and the reason I said that is I hope mostly keep sending all that stuff over you know
Exactly well good luck Neil. Thanks a lot. We'll be listening. Thanks. Okay, bye 10 30 right on the nose
It wins his little clammy in here is in my imagination
See no, it's not clammy. It must be me. Okay. Well probably I'm flushed from all the excitement and everything you're cold up there
Are you cold?
Luke warm, but not cold now it maybe just a couple of degrees
You know what I'm saying when you get a chance Bob
So don't pay listen, that could say 60 and it could be a hundred degrees in here that doesn't work
That's like they put that in there to lower you in a will fall sense of security, but it doesn't do anything trust me
This studio has been kind of interesting they built this some two years ago
May is that right or no three years ago may three years ago may
And it's a beautiful studio. It's probably one of the best anywhere in the business not not just in this market anywhere in the country
It's a magnificent studio and
One of the good things of it is that you can kind of dim the lights
You don't have to look at anybody which is very good with all of this space age equipment
Most of which doesn't work, but it looks great, but I will say this we've never quite been able to get the air
To work right in here either it's like freezing in fact
We have some guests may they rest in peace
Who didn't quite make it through this show in fact Jack or Kimer almost you know got into outer space for real one night on this show
Because it was a hundred degrees below zero and
Then once in a while when a guest would come in we didn't like we would you know make it very cold because doesn't bother me
I got enough insulation it could be 20 below it doesn't bother me
And it's never quite arrived now. I'm looking forward
I'm very anxiously looking forward to finding out how the air works up front
I have a feeling at that end of the building it probably works a lot better because all the management people sit up in that end of the building
So probably it works a lot better Sky Lake mall hello
Neil hi, I've never listened to FM and you must help me to find a station that you're going to be on well
The FM that says from 88 to 100 that's FM frequency modulation. It sounds so much better doesn't it in stereo?
That's where you're going today right on that band and it's 94.9
Now I have tried every station this morning is nobody that talks no, well, they're not doing talk
They're playing music right now. They've been playing the Beatles all morning
But how do I know that it's 94? I don't have 94 I have 90 well because you'll hear my voice
You sure? Well, if you don't hear my voice then you got a pretty lousy radio
You must have when it stops like a 90 or something. Oh, I have a stand. You know, it's very good
Well, then believe me. I mean Zade is a hundred thousand watts
It'll come in so loud and you'll say that's that crazy Neil right there
I ain't before point nine and you're not crazy
Right in the matter of fact you'll hear this cackling sound in the background then you'll know who it is
Which I love now there's one other thing yes
Any possibility that you might change your hours to a little later
On the program. Well, what would be good for you? Well, I think around nine
They won't get enough of you in that morning. I don't get up that early. Yeah, well you might get up a little
10 no
Oh
Start going to bed earlier
Listen me to I'm talking I'm not you know, I'm getting up there, but I'll tell you
Yeah, but you still don't welcome me
All right, listen, I welcome everybody who wants to listen to this show everybody if they're nine or 90
But anyway, I'd stand would say if they're nine
I'm not good at this
There's a place I could call you
So you can help me again. Yeah, I'm terrible on all right if you got a pencil
Yes, all right right down this number
550
940
9.0 and Monday morning when you get up as soon as you get up just call in the world chat
No, when at nine o'clock I'll be on whenever you get up. Oh
You mean that's the number you'll be getting calls on right? Oh fine, okay?
Okay, I wish you a lot of luck and I'm often sorry that you're leaving me. Well, not me. Well, thanks. Thanks a lot
I hope it's good for okay. I hope it's good for you
Okay 1035 see that's what they said at night. Oh, we're so upset that you're leaving the night time
You know you're gonna regret it and I don't regret it
I wouldn't work nights again for all the tea in China. You got to be a maniac to work at night
Look at all the good stuff you miss like going to bed early in
This town
Yeah, right Miami. Hello. Hi. Hi. How you doing good? That's gonna be a high telephone call to follow
I know that was a classic. I hope we have that on tape somewhere that was
Make a nice little little spot for you. Yeah, well first. I want to congratulate you on your move to FM
Thank you. I like the part where she says six o'clock. That's too early. I should start
I should just take that out and start playing that on the air
It's a holy macro. Yeah, of course. You know it's gonna happen in rush hour now
But he's older ladies are gonna have car accidents when he hears some stuff you can say good
Keep them on their toys. That's why they're gonna take metro rail
I wonder I wonder if my show will be allowed on metro rail. You know they don't allow spam on
Metro rail. Yeah, yeah, I eat it only I guess. Yeah
Just as long as you don't cover it with spam really that's true, but you know something I was I was listening you on AM at work and
That from 10 to 2 made that time at work. Oh, by so fast
especially when I drown out the five tackling women I work with and
and
You know it's a bit of a change and I won't have to get up a little earlier, but I can make the sacrifice good and also on
stands rating you failed to mention that
The
Statistics you know little girls three years and over he had a 15 year
Yeah, he was big in three to ten-year-old women. Yeah, very big. Are there any I don't want to say how big but he was big
Well anyways
Congratulations again. I really enjoy your show and I will listen to you facefully on data. Thank you
Bye-bye. See we got more pledges now than you know who is good
I love when Joey tells us about all of his past success
All those history lessons
Ancient history
I
Jolly ought to be excited our first guest Monday morning on Zeta's gonna be Stan Roberts who used to be a WKBW in Buffalo and boy
We got some good stories pop and oh hello
Pop and oh Betty Betty how you doing Betty good? Thank you and good morning to you good morning to you Betty
Good morning
That's Doug is a 39 inch magnify high five great
With radio and a wreck and wreck it player. Boy you got it all Betty and
Once we want 75 dollars for it
Not me. I beg your pardon. Are you laughing? No, I'm laughing with you Betty. Oh, okay
Yeah, and I have that beautiful medallion
Royal medallion electric typewriter brand new
Hardly used, right?
Great is it in good condition Betty? Oh, it's a beautiful way. Let me ask you Betty
Do you ever call it unlike trivial pursuit on Friday? No, okay. Oh, oh, yeah, I'll listen to it good
You're the one
We want it
Are you laughing? No, not me
No, I'm just a little indigestion this morning Betty
Okay, dear and that my phone number you bet
943
446 46 46 and we're in popinope in popinope Beach
What was the first time wait a moment what was the first item Betty?
The first item was a 39 inch mag the box high five. Oh, yeah
Steer radio and wreck a player and
75 hours for bad, okay
I hope that's the author and then the next we run a dad and electric type by the portable
Did you get that Jack? I got it. Yeah, I hear someone laughing in the ball
We got some nuts in here today. You know, they're all excited about the football strike
You know want any more information that other one hold you up. No, that's it Betty
All right, and thank you very much. And thanks for listening to the WIOD. Yeah, bye-bye
Oh, I'm so glad I'm getting off of this station. We're getting all the IOD colors last few days
So that we can go yesterday. We got two calls for
trivial pursuit and now we're getting calls for trade-life. Where's Larry Kent when we need him, you know?
Oh boy if it's gonna be like this all day. I'm not ready for this north Miami. Hello. Good morning, Neil
What do you got to sell sir?
I've got Betty's message. It's just you wanted on tape
How's the classic call? Oh two in a row. Are we on a row two out of three? I guess we're on a roll
First off congratulations again on your ratings. Thanks
Unfortunately, I'm a short time listener. I missed a lot
Unfortunately, like I say, but yesterday morning. I don't know if you heard this on on pal Joey show
somebody called in to pledge some quarter hours and
The guy after you say you know Joey Gray, you know, and guy said well, I can only do that though until Friday
So Joey goes but sir today is Friday says well, I guess that's it for today because Monday I'm gonna turn on
Yeah, I didn't hear it, but I heard that there was a young lady who called in and said you know
Thanks for doing a wonderful job, and I've enjoyed you, but Monday
I'm gonna be listening to Neil and he called her an ass and hung up and got very upset
Very upset. I can't imagine
You know and he doesn't have a lot to lose you know what I'm saying in other words
He can't afford to lose anybody at this point
The other thing on your lead in today. Yeah, that song that was the I don't know if you realize that it's the four seasons
That's a four seasons song. What's a four seasons song? They
You know what was it the song that you when you first started and you played a stick and then you played a song
About your thing on Neil Roger. Yeah, that will let's to take off on on the other one on Joey's song
Hey, okay, those are the four seasons by the way on his
Did you tour with them? Huh? Did you do any course with oh sure Frankie and I were real tight real tight? Yeah, that's why his voice is like that now
Okay, so you have a wonderful life here to and I'll see you Monday morning. I got a deal. I'll read the dutch
From the W. Y. N. C. Hall of Flame ladies and gentlemen at 18 before 11
And we want to send this out for that wild fig of the in Halendale sunny Rosenberg
He's
Making
All of your folks after the mom
Checking
No, they never say please
Just waiting for the early bus
Can
Need confusing
For
And
man
And once they are seated, they get overheated.
As that stuff in roses we're lovin' at best.
Wasted away, I can't even go to heaven.
Looking for that long, long spot of view.
And how did I say that it's all the truth is a day?
But for some, an enemy in the blues.
The whole folks don't know the reason why nothing is freezing.
But muscles ache and the teeth just don't fit.
But what does it matter when they call up kneeling chatter?
I hate you kneeling, never listen to your show.
Wasted away, I can't even go to heaven.
Just to fight the metal musil and the radio.
And how did it claim that it's the dark homes to play?
But near no, they can't wait for the show.
And how did it claim that it's the dark homes to play?
But near no, they just can't wait for the show.
Get my regards to the Neil Rogers, tell me, but I've never heard of smuddy or program in my life.
14 before 11 at SWINZ.
And if you've got something to sell, boy, we've got news for you.
Oh, I just can't get over that. I'm never going to be the same.
Okay, let's take our last break now and we'll come back and get some more great record breaking calls on this final Saturday of our lifetime.
Pretty a WINZ, Neil Rogers, with the TIL2 stand will be a long stand-a-man from two to six.
And this is our last show on WINZ. Believe it or not, if you're joining us late, tough luck.
Okay, do we have a celebrity caller here? Hello? Hello?
Oh, hi Neil.
I told you it's Gilles Siegel.
How you doing, Neil?
Gilles, how are you?
How fine, thank you. I want to thank you, your station and all the boys from helping to come to the commissar site.
Well, it's our pleasure. They're doing a wonderful job down there, Gilles.
Did you see the wonderful article in today's harem?
About what?
At the southern bell, workers donated 1,500 boxes of clothing to the commissar site.
Excellent.
It was in today's paper.
Well, we haven't heard from you at a long time, Gilles.
Yeah, I know. I got a two-year-old. I'm taking care of now.
Oh, yeah.
I'm coming down my first time.
Oh.
And I'm not sure she's not in tune up.
Wow.
From 102.
Pardon me, sir?
102?
Yeah, so I call it my two-year-old.
Boy, oh, boy.
I've been here my first time and I, I, it's the, the thought you're wonderful guys and all the radio shows and TV's.
I figured I did all I could and, and you know, with, with them trying to move somewhere and nobody had had them.
So it's, it's really rough, you know, for the Camilla's house now.
Right.
So, so hoping, you know, hoping, you know, everything can come out.
So, but I'm, I'm doing another little project.
You know, a lot of people that they, they think they're, she and I, and they think they have all time a disease.
And all they need is, you know, they're hard at hearing like I am.
Yeah.
So, what I'm working on is trying to get the hearing aids.
You know, free hearing aids for, uh, great.
So that's what I'm working on now.
You have a beautiful day now.
You too, Gail. Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Nice shared from you.
By the way, Stan is going to be here mid days on Saturday.
I should have mentioned that too.
He's going to be moving up a J-Michael to be six to ten and Stan will be on ten to two.
Which, you know, a little longer weekend a chance to get out and really do some damage.
Uh, okay, that's enough for that.
Holly would, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
How you doing?
I'm a little nervous, sir.
I've never been on the radio before.
But nevertheless,
only kidding.
You know, like the pledge, sixteen quarter hours.
You notice how the, uh, demographics are starting to move up already.
I haven't even left yet.
Okay, I got a thing here for you.
Okay, for all of the people, can't listen to you, you know,
and you know, certain time slots.
Yeah.
What we can do, you can go on for twenty four hours.
There you go.
One day a week.
I would do it.
I like that.
That's for you, Neil.
Yeah.
Okay, is the berg going to come out my left tweeter or my right tweeter?
Uh, well, that remains to be seen,
but what I cautioned everybody to do is get up as early as possible on Monday
and tune it in immediately.
And then whichever speaker that he's coming out on, you can just kill that speaker.
You know, the balance switch.
Right.
All you people have got stereo radio is just to turn it in the opposite direction.
You'll ever hear a word he says.
Uh, congratulations on your set of point five.
Thank you.
Okay, you guys can still have the star wars.
Because you're going to be on the same five slots.
the Star Wars or the radio wars are I'm sorry radio wars with who with Joey
uh whoever Joey come on yeah probably I would imagine so okay I've got a
headset here it's got a m and F1 and one side yeah and what it's got a m on one
side and F1 on the other side yeah I'm like listen both you showed at the same
time excellent okay have a nice life meal you too thanks a lot Miami hello
yeah yeah I have a radio station and I am station I'd like to sell I can't
believe it is this Bob Gilbertson now oh and the numbers 5 5 5 5
well this must be somebody from Cox Broadcasting yeah this must be Mike Anthony
yeah yeah listen seriously those two ladies that call I think they're sleeping
deep in or deep in sleeping yeah or something they were good yeah I know you have
the bird and yourself and who else is gonna be looking lead you let oh you think you
really need him or yeah now what a kind of a statement is that boy give me on the
good side of Lee right away we need to lead a butcher up the show a little you
know who he is not really all right wait a minute let me give you a little
sample of his voice okay you understand what I mean listen to this time and now
a continuous Neil Rogers music suite one song in a row three minutes of
continuous music a 94 W I and Z yeah we wanted somebody who is a little butcher
than we are in there you know let me also ask you yeah don't you think you
maybe for the first day or two should go over to the I am side when you're done
it that's 10 o'clock and help out the new guy for an hour no no I guess you don't want
him to no we had Jay on yesterday yeah yeah I miss the stuff no I wish him all
a little luck in the world but you know four hours is enough no once I walk out
of here today believe me that's it do Roma huh we have a dirtie round our
Rivaderia chance it one four three let me also ask yeah when I go over to the
melting pot which I've never been there what kind of dishes are real good the
porcelain ones are the best I was no no seriously they got it's a fondue
restaurant it's fondue do you like fondue I've never tried it well believe me
you're in for a spectacular surprise just get the combination plate and the
Swiss fondue and the white chalk with fondue dessert and you will you'll
feel like you're died and gone to heaven believe me okay let it shut as opposed to
a lot of restaurants in South Florida where you feel you just died I was your
time last night at that at the track over at Thursday night hey you want the
pompono Thursday night yeah y'all we had a lot of winners at one fourteen
dollars and twenty cents it was great okay listen take care thanks a lot okay
Miami hello hey dude hey dude what's happening hey man I got a collection
of the Hendrix records they're in such a good shape my phone number I bet you
this is Jimmy himself calling from that yep and I got some black strobe like we
have a call from Janice Joplin on hold sir me how you doing it Glenn Glenn how's
everything locked in this is Glenn from a mobile phone not on a mobile phone but
from my mobile phone I'm not calling you from the cell your host
I'm calling from my house you got that in you notice now everything is great to
phone is sensational and what can I say but I have one suggestion in fact in
fact what am I first calls I called bill call bill call to and I called his
wife from in front of their house and it worked great she sounded like she was
just a few yards away did you have the phone on where you just calling from
out the window just from out the window we didn't want to spend thirty five
cents a minute now those two ladies I have a suggestion oh boy classic yeah
classic like one of the best calls I've heard all your speciality and I could see
a point she gets up a little late so she wanted to start your show about nine o'clock of course
yeah why not and she's never she's never used the FM so she doesn't know where you are yeah
and how is she going to find it I wonder how you tell her there's a special they're having an
early bird special for the first or give her any call letter on the FM and I guarantee you
that your help she'll find it that'll do it yeah but uh ain't you know how did uh Joey Reynolds
how did his ratings go yesterday I was looking in a paper today didn't break it down oh he was
only there for a month of it so I don't want to give him full blame but they were desperate in the
morning they had a I want to make sure I give the right number okay so let me just look I think
it was a two one the one huh let no I'm in the wrong I'm not even looking at the right thing here
mark you know I'll say one thing about mark you wants to make sure we have all the information
he's giving me enough stuff here to choke a horse uh here we go let's say she WSHE
6 to 10 a.m. 2-1 2-1 tied for 19 what about our friend Nudel Nudel's not too good I think they had a
day at a two seven in the morning and uh Steve Kane at bomb this usual two six you up right at
the bottom of the pack holding up the rear if you can pardon that expression you know I have a
holding up mr. Robbie's rear yeah I have a theory I and looking for dear life I think Steve Kane
and Greg Budeau have the same age and Denmark Wilson has happy true could be well anyway Neil
good luck Monday and I'm gonna try to find it on the FM I've never used my FM so I might have to call
you to give me directions how to find ninety point nine okay well what we're gonna do Monday
morning we're just gonna put on a 60 cycle tone so that everybody can find it first you know
about an hour okay well a refa d'Archie good luck and we'll speak in next week thanks Glenn bye bye
okay see Jim Lonnie is back in the newsroom now Jim of course has provided a very important
public service for the audience this morning he's been giving previews of the new format uh that's
coming up on Monday morning and uh I think he's done a magnificent job I must commend you I never
really thought you had an in you to do such a good job but uh if I didn't know better I would swear
that Arlene was in there somewhere maybe she is maybe the ghost of Arlene is haunting the news booth
but uh he has done a spectacular job all morning law
I'll stick around because in the next hour it's part of our final show on AM we have some
special prizes we're gonna be giving away first is an all expense paid trip to Jamie and Marcy's house
for Ville Parmesan dinner
it's 1107 at w.i.nz and hour number two the near Roger show hitting new lows in the
history of broadcasting on a Saturday morning our last show on wins of course this
boat is pretty good for some of those AM programmers in the market right like the Bill McQueen show
Bill of course has talked about setting new lows has really done it in the summer book
and that was mostly before Sandy went over to W snooze so what's Bill gonna do in the next
book that's the question and of course Jeff Charles who came into the market with his surfboard
and all of his seaweed that he eats and all that artsy crafty a moronic mindless crap he's really
done it you know he has really lifted that station to new lows seldom seen in the history of broadcasting
so we want to congratulate the people over WNWS who by the way are rapidly evaporating from your AM
dial and are real good friends the ones that everybody love in town WIOD where and I want I want to
quote Bob Ritz the general manager a couple of months ago and they made those changes in the
herald and if it's in the herald you know it must be true he said these changes are final
exclamation exclamation and he wasn't talking about rickweevers underwear either okay
boi and v chillow hello hi hi Neil how are you good how you doing pretty good I just wanted to call
you let you know we're all set ready to go six o'clock in the morning okay well you can all be here
I'm gonna sleep in I think on Monday I wondered if you were gonna make it I think your six o'clock
there's gonna be silence I'll probably I'll probably have to come in at midnight just to be sure
the first day you know I hope you're there we're gonna be there waiting for you I um I've called
once before I call when you were working with Stan and I called to have you wish my husband a happy
birthday nevin do you remember making fun of his name nevin yeah no that doesn't even ring a bell
no how long ago was that oh it was on september 28 it was on his birthday he used a real die
heart fan of you both hmm and I have become one since and I thought it would be a great birthday
person for you guys to wish him happy birthday did we do it yeah you did stand almost hung up but
you said no no and you found that birthday carton played it for us yeah that's thank you for doing
that that's thank you pretty way in hospital yeah thank you I lived in Hartford when Joey Reynolds
on p.o.k. oh yeah what was that about 1930 not quite I'm only 33 but he was a jerk back then too so
I I'm a tech author you're gonna be opposite him so I just wanted to wish you luck pay your
great and I wish you the best okay in my best in heaven thank you I appreciate it thanks a lot
now wait a minute before you go can I ask you a question like what do you call him for short
uh
nav
nav
it's it's he's a junior and it was his father's name of course nav junior
nav and junior but nav never never you name it what I'm everything what a curse
huh it's great we're in a rock and roll band we we write original music and uh one of these days
we're gonna write a song about you and send it in never and a note next that's perfectly
the look of her name for our van you got it great okay I think never were like that very much just
remember me that's great we will I'll be talking to you again soon thanks a lot we feel a lot a lot bye bye now
sunrise hello I knew yes sir I want to congratulate you and you deserve all the accolades that uh
been a stowed upon you I couldn't agree with you more and uh I don't know if you know that channel
10 I guess thought they're pride in their back pocket and gave you a spotless night on their news
yeah I want to thank them for that they did nice piece I was over at the call to his house we
were celebrating my um whatever it is that I'm doing and uh all of a sudden that thing came on
and build jumped out of the chair was throwing things at the screen it was incredible
mm-hmm yes my wife and I were both totally surprised to see you on channel 10 but uh when I'm
pretty unusual on to be on 10 I'll say what I was calling about is all these station managers what
are they gonna do on the FM side when you come in with these high ratings without giving away
a hundred thousand dollars to the bride the viewers to listen to listen to them well I got to I
have a very good suggestion because it's still not too late let's see there are about four or five
of them that are probably real nervous now they would kick in about a hundred thousand of peace
and just give it to me I'll just retire you know I'll just gracefully take off for a couple of
years and uh I'll get out of their hair you know oh they would like that they would like they may
have matter of fact they may be considering that okay I'm ready but I don't have to wish you a lot
because you're pro and uh the others need to luck you just have it all thanks a lot you you do it
all for yourself thank you the uh Monday morning six o'clock okay thank you bye bye what do you say I
do it all for myself unfortunately of course that's true but listen it's never too late you know miracles
do happen lightning strikes that's what Stan said and look what happened for him it's uh 12 minutes
past 11 at wins and we'll go to Kendall hello I guess if you anything like me you're probably more
excited about not having to work on Saturday than you are yeah I'm just going to play an FM this
is our smartest call over the day no question about it feeling I know you hate it and uh in the car
every day I never get a chance to call you but you've already had two classic call of fame calls
absolutely I would just like to make one suggestion yeah don't do it I won't be angry but eight
weeks ago this past Thursday you had the ultimate talk show call of all time around one o'clock in
the afternoon on your station and I think you have it on card even though you've never played it
was a call where the guy um said I'm nervous and I've never called the talk show before and the
long one on for about 15 minutes that's all that's a lot more than eight weeks ago that's about uh
that's months ago well if there's any way to wait a minute there's a number of calls already
before but no I was stuck in ninth and all in the road for 25 minutes in the car really I was the
most fabulous thing I ever heard I know and uh just for that call alone I appreciate your program
thank you thank a lot okay and if it ever queues up again I'll be happy to play it again
oh look at that it's only on a 10 minute card
you got uh let me see all the numbers I never called the
already before but no other that is a classic and he didn't even realize it they never do that's
when the classics come in when they never even realize it now listen buddy if you haven't sold
the pop-up toaster yet Larry Kent's gonna be along at noon we're gonna do a little reminiscing
now a little trade line on wins Miami hello hi Stan how you doing
north Miami Beach hello don't say that that sounds terrible north Miami Beach sorry about that
I know I'm sorry to somewhere in north day uh congratulations I mean you are absolutely
incredible I've lived here for 35 years and you're the most exciting person on the radio
since Larry King oh boy unfeelingable yeah you can say that again yeah anyway I think that you
should try to negotiate with south Florida um as it relates to the increase in the gross
national product of south Florida because people gonna have to wake up earlier to listen to you
and they're probably gonna get more work done yeah a lot more productivity in the workplace yeah
that's right you know uh and between ten and two they probably gonna get some work done
but the other thing is I just uh tuned my radio theater and I punched it three times yesterday
in a day before two of the three times I did get the doors
absolutely incredible well I didn't want to let the cat out of the bag but I don't want any culture
shock for the a few zeta listeners who are already there so Monday morning I'm gonna put together like
a montage about a half a dozen doors hits you know just to make them feel comfortable I don't
want to scare them off great you know I stayed up that one night to listen to you with you are with
the birth for the half hour yeah when the bird did his second quarter of the review of um stand by me
oh yeah and you sound so different on FM then AM well wait till you hear this week show I did
another we taped another show last night for um for tomorrow it's on tomorrow morning and
at midnight oh in which basically we're shilling you know we're plugging the new show on zeta
but uh it is true you can sit there with those headphones and hear yourself and you sound like a
real human being is opposed on AM where everybody sounds like Mickey Mouse well what's funny is
I I taped that and I put it on a few times and people come in they said no it's not on at these
times you know they didn't realize that it was a tape on the FM yeah you know and it was really well
congratulations and the one thing I want to do is invite you over on Sunday the locks and bagels
on okay I'll be there okay thanks a lot I think that's a distant cousin of Jamie and Marcy
Jim Baker called me on the phone Sunday night May 17 two months had passed he said Jerry
I want to ask you to hand the ministry back to me as you promised in Palm Springs on March 17
I said Jim assuming was being taped or someone might be listening in and it was for the record
I said Jim here's what I want to say to you I want you to understand Jim Morrison is still alive
he's up at the other end of the building they got him trapped in little room
and they make him sing for his suffer every day
I
okay we're gonna be playing that Monday morning on Zeta because we don't want any of our listeners
to go into doors with draw and there will be a penalty for early withdrawal it's 11-18 11-18
a w-i-n-c we'll come right back
Kelly are doing tonight and crying minds want to know that's why inquiring minds read the Miami hero
is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien from outer space it's under
hell is Paul Hawkins the true mother of the elephant man it's in the
hell is John Kennedy sleeping with Max Henry it's in the
hell is Jim Baker about to give birth to Jerry fall welds baby it's in the
hell sex sex more hot
oh it's in the hell
plus Gary hearts amazing rice style from Florida
a crossword puzzle that has no answer our own
pillow surprises just for us
I post new letters to Neil Rogers and we're so sorry uncle Albert but we have
a murder bloody thing all day mindless family rhetoric
it's all in the latest issue of the Miami hero available at supermarket checkout
counters everywhere and where final manure is spread
this is the Neil Rogers show
this is your brain
any question
who did you hear that 21 past 11 at w.w. i.e. we have a special collar
a celebrity collar from Lynchburg Virginia hello
yeah
yes
what's going on like this
oh boy this is really working well wait a minute hello
yep
yeah
that's what we call that
hip hop
can I call you back
yeah
wait a minute hold on a minute
okay hold on a
uh call him on a bat line
get his number and dial him back up on the bat line and we'll put it on here
because i that's never gonna work okay while you're doing that Miami lake
hello
hi how are you good how you doing good this is my second time calling
right i called you about six months ago
it's born in Rochester but i was raised in West Palm i don't know if you remember
that call yes i certainly do i never forget a Rochesterian believe me
well i wanted to tell you that my fiance and i went to the melting pot in my
amy last night and you're right the white amaretto
chocolate is better than sex oh it is i mean so much better that some of us
even thinking about giving it up it was incredible we had a choice
um it was like the best time we've ever had we're definitely gonna go back
great see i wouldn't lead you down the garden path i mean when i tell you that
that place is uh so good that you just do a tap dance on the ceiling
they're nice the people there were so friendly yeah
outgoing and it was just it was really a great time
did you tell them that i sent you yes and i and they still served you huh
yes and let me tell you what happened we got there at a 30
had reservations thank god because people were coming in they couldn't get in
um and told you know much later and i was
rushing my fiancee to dinner so we could make the eleven and clock news
and he goes oh it's not it's not gonna be the least way the day and i go i bet it is i
bet it's gonna be right on in eleven and he went 70 miles an hour all the way back
locked in the door and it was just ending and i didn't even see it
are you kidding i was so upset about it but you mean they did run it at eleven again last
night because i saw it six seven right out of eleven we we walked in like five after eleven
and it was over oh boy he got in before me goes we just missed it they just said there's
something about him being the first at them talked to the host in the area and it was over
well i saw that and i thought that the people at channel 10 liked me but when i was coming to
work this morning and bishop was driving this gigantic truck up 47th avenue and nearly ran me
off the road right outside the station i couldn't believe it why after you know the
the way you talk about them i was surprised that even came and did that oh they know it's all in fun
okay well it's just a radio show i think and is great she knows that yeah well it was i
and Brian is excellent now me show that's another story well i had a really good time one
side i wanted to make a request i'm not bettering you up but it was my ex-husband's birthday
yesterday and i wanted to know your ex-husband's birthday that's a momentous occasion i'm sure in
your life yeah and his name is Greg and i would like you to play were you born up by pet because i
think it would fit wait a minute oh where is it oh don't tell me you lost it for Greg
or Greg we would do anything for Greg okay just for you there it is have a great life
um
well i was driving down i 95 the other night it's gotten one the important cars is about run
the queen off the road well i decided it wasn't going to do me no good to get mad at him so i just
kind of sit down wrote this song about him instead it goes like this where you born
a butt head or did you work at it your whole life
in a way worked out mine you're a butt head tonight you're a beauty teacher HAD and don't you try
to blame it on me you deserve all the credit because you're a butt head tonight you were a butt head
for yesterday and you're a butt head tonight i've got a feeling you'll be a butt head
to rest of your life let's sing it here we go were you born a butt head or did you work at it your whole life
in a way worked out mine because you're a butt head tonight
oh
i was talking to your mother just the other night and i told her that i thought that you were a butt head
she said yes i think you're right and all your friends are butt heads because you know them
your whole life and somebody told me you got a butt head for a while there we go were you born a butt head
or did you work at it your whole life
in a way worked out mine because you're a butt head tonight everybody join in were you born a butt head
or did you work at it your whole life
in a way worked out mine because you're a butt head tonight let's do that last line in a way
it worked out mine because you're a butt
uh
un
believe me
head tonight
Tony in Lynchburg
how you doing Tony
things have changed since i left i know unbelievable
i'd say the same word i mean what what's going on
what do you mean what's going on Tony
well you know kind of like a rumor that you'd be switching to
on the other station to FM yeah
what is what is that what is that well it's like another band on the radio you know it comes
in like in stereo from 88 to about 107 or 8 or whatever we don't get that sort of a radio here
not in Lynchburg no well that's because all that godless commie pinko music with all those
disgusting lyrics that say tannic messages on FM
we accidentally have talked radio with this perg either no but i bet you got a lot of religious stations
we got a few though yeah
a couple dozen um
yeah like uh i i've been getting the press lately and like you know i
i mean i get a day i turn on i had a tape you know
well you know there's only so much i remember carlos
under show few months ago back to summertime oh that carlos yeah there are a couple of
carloses i remember yes like he was on your show and i had i taped him like i knew like i was
going crazy eventually and then i uh i had a tape to show at least once and i got kind of like
tape out you know no there's only so much i carlos really or like you know i had to call you
especially i think you want to hear from me after you know jerry kind of like uh like backed out of
yeah jerry uh back right into it i guess uh well i tried to call you out and i tried to call you
to date about happen then like you know you want a big meeting and everything so i want it
you know we had a lot of big powwow's and the conferences and all that stuff you bet
huh well you know things are going going we're going here let's figure out
okay it really described how they're going but they are going great well pretty soon they're
going to start going here too like on the beach and halendale all over tamarack sun rise
well you know there's gonna be a big invasion of liberties to the sun uh
well i don't bring rain coming along i bet yeah well i'm sorry i'm telling you the truth
they all they all hit the four line on beach especially i seen a few of them last summer
well that's good tell them there's no sweat because they'll be the only ones here so no problem
but all they're all on a stay they all want to stay with me this summer you know they take
will not the summer but the spring break well you got karlos's tape to keep you warm toni just
relax don't do anything rash karlos's tape it's about it's about done with like i need i was
going to ask when if he could get me from new detached position i'm beginning to lose my sanity
losing weight yeah oh it's really terrible and then like you know there's only so much you know
talk we get here it's often it there's only so much you take a talk oh that'll do it yeah
so you know and then he goes well of course like there's always uh the pastor's beddie every
morning and ldn you know like you can watch jerry and back heaven every morning
yeah and tami fate okay listen to me sam glad cussette he'll put a whole bunch of new stuff
on here for you to keep keep keep you going another six months okay okay hey karlos
wish you luck on the fm not being home and i'm thanks given i'll get your call you're going to take
calls on the fm you bet all right okay tony thanks a lot okay there is tony and lynchburg why a
fate worse than death and speaking of tapes because i'm sure he must be on at least he better be on
as we in here now uh the bird is uh begged me to tell you that if you'd like to have a cassette of
all this goods well a lot of the good stuff just go right ahead he's delighted to do it for you
well he said something like that but anyway the new address make sure you send your cassettes
with a self-addressed stamp envelope you'd like one of those big ones to zeta the bird care of wzta
Miami 33055 that's the bird or else just put a couple of pigeon droppings on the outside of
the envelope will know wzta Miami 33055 poppano hello hello hi oh no this is temperk pines
well poppano pines how you doing oh pretty good Neil i just wanted you to know that i have my
alarm radio now set for zeta 4 so when i wake up i'll be hearing you say douchebag in the morning
you mean you even know where fm is sir oh yes oh what an improvement we're really getting there now
we're getting the really bright colors now i used to listen to zeta 4 back when it was zeta 4
in the 70s oh boy well those were the good old days i can ask you and they had some
professional opinion about upstate in york sure i'm going up there at the end of the month
oh bad mistake bad mistake i mean like this is october sir don't you understand they've
already had like snowstorms and mong and horrible i got to go up partially a business trip so i
got a choice i'm going to be up in the area around canada go and Rochester is there any place
good to eat up there of course there are a lot of great places to eat up there
the gestion i can't think of any yeah royal castle no they don't have royal castle and Rochester
soft there um well yeah i mean depends on what you're looking for is the i go up there i go to
don in bob's but you don't want hot dogs and hamburgers you want some place that's uh you know
like carusos and canada go on the lake carusos yes i do remember carusos very good i ate there i
guess about 14 years ago well it's still there in fact some of the food from that is still
though they're still waiting but that that is still a pretty good place yes excellent there's a place
in rochester called the scotch i don't know what it is scotch and sirloin it's like on winton road
it's in a strip shopping center on south winton road that is really excellent i mean fantastic the
scotch and something i think the scotch and sirloin the carusos is on the lake wasn't it yeah
that's what i thought it's a tie-in place yeah right by where roseland used to be yeah
they no longer is that was a kid i used to go to rose from part family reunion and then if you want
a real deal you can go up to finger lake some of those two thousand dollar claimers after the race they
serve them very cheap finger lakes are still in business oh yeah they barbecue them roostum up real
nice you know little mustard sauce they're good well good luck on the fm little cleaner parmesan
they call it well good luck on the fm we're gonna look forward to an end can i say hello to my daughter
yes i like to say hello to my daughter jamey who's not feeling too good to say jamey jamey now she doesn't
know jamey and marci they she don't know she's only five years old oh boy well keep her away from
staying my friend db ailing this week okay have a good time up there yeah okay bye boy anybody that's
gonna go up there at this time of the year good luck to you hmm maybe they'll have like indian
winter 26 before noon at wion z i wonder where our feathered friend well he said noon i don't
want to push him now because after all he does a tremendous amount of work and i don't want to
overtax his energies you know i'm saying like he he was saying oh yeah i'll come in on saturday but
if you want you know if if it's important if you want me to he was like leaving a like a gigantic
opening for me to say well it's not really necessary hollywood hello now dude it is you want
voice to support for us once grandpa from the musters gets angry at the fcc i bet you're gonna
create a potion can i tell you something go ahead he said i can't create a person for those
me and the both and they'll be on the gray those people i don't really i want to tell you how
i mean nobody no offense crap i don't know you that well for you so call me howie
how it wasn't that way where's deep thing uh oh
we know how i was about that oh grandpa howie why my end day life be changed i mean i can't
drag you like that yeah and i mean you are so fat don't you know hey grandpa first of all
want to say grandpa was supposed to be our special dialogue day today yes we want to set you up
for some really great guys yeah no no i i think much people on i don't like a lot of here i'm
just like it turns me off it's a grandpa but i like a northern pan in blonde you know i know but i
apologize when i have any in here today because all this fcc stuff happened
oh i know i know i know it didn't get no longer calling it the fcc the fcc is a byproduct you know
this is the first time in history that allowed to have the president who is suffering from
fourth-degree senile living you know we've never had that before i know and these are people
appoint of course he's people you know it's weird regains for deregulation
i don't know he's uh no government but he's so busy with his hands off style of management he
doesn't know what is these other underlings are up to does he watch TV i don't have a TV
might you grandpa we're doing that the senile president
so does he now yeah
yeah
now he falls asleep now he falls asleep
better i remember that he has to be president of my union president
okay grandpa that's enough eight minutes after noon at wion z and little fix for those who missed
letterman last night it was bad i haven't seen oh the guy said it was terrible i taped it
he how it is usually pretty weak on tv yeah he is pretty weak
okay speaking of pretty weak pretty good we've been joined by that voice you love to hate
by the way you hear me promo the tapes the cassettes
yeah i appreciate that send them to the bird wzta myami 3305
i drove off of that i'll be the one who is dressed like a running dubbing for all ride it yeah
that's all i have to do you know yeah in life it's all i have to do
but if you must please be sure they're 90 minute cassettes okay
by the way we brought in your guest photographer here today oh and we're going to be talking
about that little later on really okay let's go to
who's calling with hollywood hello hey Neil how you done good how you doing dude
pretty good hey Glenn hi hey how's it going great hey uh i was wondering how did that guy
opposite you on iod do uh what's his name film a koi film a koi now i tell you but it still had a
two and i see even number he had a two he likes to keep it even he's a friendly guy
know what i switched to him real quick the other day and uh you know i i swear i've heard his
voice before and i finally figured out where it was yeah you know that uh personal fume detector
spot you got oh yeah uh uh you know that guy that says don't look at me honey was the dog did
don't it right that is bill i think i knew if it was him i think you're absolutely correct wait
a minute let's let's check it out okay let's all listen together hold on sir thank you
hmm boy right killing holly at worst still we know the cutest of i think household accidents is
early warning yeah boy i just love them beans oh no come on kids help help the
big winter hide on looking face there was a dog that don't it's when the worst happens worst
a load is there constantly sniffing the air for those silent but deadly person okay i'd
recognize that did you hear it it was bill yeah that's him i recognize that voice anywhere and i
know you know what they got a new strategy to help boost the ratings you know what they're going to
do they're going to buy three more jet copters yeah that'll do it at about a half a million of
peace excellent they're going to have uh mr ego broadcast all his shows from from the air you know
yeah little does he know though the pilots been given instructions and they're taken off they're
heading into the uh do east direction well hey uh Neil um i'm going to be listening to you on zeta my
alarm clock is already set for six a.m. i get up that time anyway and you do you do know where fm is
on your radio yeah i know where it's at excellent i'm going to be brushing my teeth with you every
morning good and uh so break a leg okay okay thanks a lot all right bye bye i think i have a
funny five now he was a good guy in that color he knows what he knows what side his bread is
buttered on you know what i'm saying why am i starting to slur now i guess when you we're going
to more you have to slur in your word honey rocks how come we haven't had a call from sunny this week
he calls us and drives us nuts when we don't want to hear from him when he's got his grandma boon in the
car on his mobile phone is that off it's his mic off uh probably used to it because i'm going to be
controlling your mic starting Monday morning that's why he left it on you hear the promo they're
running it's great lead you let with is a watermelon voice is saying it starts mong day on Monday
it's a great promo at the end of it there i am saying on you know i wish they would have gotten
me to say something other than unbelievable you know how about incredible how about that that
might be good how about douche no no we will not say douche bag on zated full six o'clock on Monday
mong day morning poppano beat chelo good morning nail hi how you doing i'm fine and hope you're the same
we're great good luck and you're new moves thank you i'll be listening to you good i'm six to nine
and then i'm off for my morning walk well that's that sounds good you'll need it after you get
through with us i enjoy your program and i do wish you good luck i'm the lady that sent you two cassettes
for the johnny mathis tape i i hope you received it well we're a little behind on opening the mail
it'll it'll take a little while but i guarantee you i'll take care of it for you we may not have
a vote uh did you put in that that's what you wanted yes i did i can't we haven't come up on that
yeah i did write in my note i didn't know how much to pay you for the return oh no no there's no
no charge it's out of the kindness of my heart that's nice thank you very well that's because we're nice
yes you are otherwise i wouldn't be listening to you and if you're listening that must mean you're
nice i hope so so we're all nice forever i'm sure you've heard of Bob brands i think he's out oh yeah
get off my phone you jerk yeah he uses a lot of material at mr ego store yeah all right he was on
channel nine yesterday i i can't remember what time it was um and um there's a new show that comes
in on w w r yeah and he was on the show and he really is such a pompous person yeah
and just the way he sits there like i felt like taking a pin and just
pricking him with it oh oh oh well we're gonna be selling Bob grand voodoo dolls when we go to the
FM so stick around for that anyway he went on to say they look just like joy rentals he went on to
say that uh one of the newspapers uh in his area took a poll uh who they would like to see a senator um
worry one hand or um i forgot who the other man was or Bob grand oh boy
he proceeded to say that he was in the lead he said so there's a good possibility can you imagine
yeah he said that he was in the race what he meant was the human race and there's a great debate on that
at this point believe me well okay anyway have a good weekend i wish you all the best of luck and i
will be listening to you thanks we'll look for you thank you bye bye bye
cron 14 at w y and z we've had nobody see i predicted this at the beginning of the show nobody
today who's unhappy because the Saturday crowd are generally the ones oh you gotta stay on
Saturday tell me during the week we can't listen we're like living and breathing human as we
know longer we're around during the week no longer no longer have that as an excuse
wasn't good excuse you got it a couple of guys are called stand oh we're not gonna go out by
the femurio that's good stick with that a m radio listen to micro anere picking his nose on
a radio you know more power to you Miami hello hello Neil how you doing hi how's it going great
glad to know hi fine okay a couple of things first of all do you have you i know i know
i know Glenn probably didn't say this or i wrote you so if there's a kung fu episode on two nights
ago with dawn johnson oh my favorite yeah really yes it is absolutely the funniest thing i've
ever seen it was on midnight to one in the morning i was rolling on the floor laughing hysterically
on cable obviously so it was on channel six oh really yes with David Caridine doing his
phony chinese accent dawn johnson who was playing a young indian right for chest and everything yeah he
was doing his phony indian accent got a bare chest i mean it's just a never a chest on what time
is this on so midnight to one in the morning i couldn't get to my vc art at tape it yeah that's a
having connections believe it's worth it yet to never let stand get his hands on it because those
ribs are the shreds yeah it's a it's become a relatively famous episode is it a cult yeah
yeah the funniest thing i've ever seen you can see dawn johnson talking in broken english
we spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to try and make that happen
it's amazing ricky always he's always got the right thing that year i mean like yeah just
incredible one thing i want to use funcers uh brick oven pizza yeah one thing you may want to try
then Neil i know you're on a diet and everything but like if you have the visuvio with all vegetables
yeah and the so and have the sauce on the side is almost as good as the real thing without it
okay excellent really good i i've never had anything there that wasn't sensational i mean
i'm saying just try without you know try if you really have the sauce of your pepperoni and you
want to you know keep your cholesterol down all that stuff just try with vegetables
okay i've got a headdil last week or i can go they made it no problem it came out great yeah
or i can go with my feathered friend and have a slice of pizza okay have a wonderful life my friend
the last thing um one last request yeah um it's possible uh the the best thing i've heard on your show
the most original was the michael jackson revolutions uh cut with the beale songs oh yeah that's one of my
favorite uh yeah i'll definitely got you know no people have asked me they they've heard about it
and they've never uh you know they've never heard it on the radio before well i guarantee you might
tape before but if i could give you if i get you to play it within just a matter of moments you're
here within the next few minutes okay thanks a lot thank you thank you you too okay now i did the
i was negligent i'm sorry i apologize because you came in with a rather not not a big exciting
entrance and we should have done something for you something special
down that highway but talking never ends that is until he pulls into his driveway
by the way he's on the phone again yeah that's the bird he's on the phone again
is that a growth or just a receiving end of that phone that he's on
yeah but that bird he's on the phone again a meal he's perched up on that phone yeah
just a joke just a joke where you relax don't get uptight and unfriendly i look out of it
if you get uptight and unfriendly we'll send you over to caulder to see that teller
he's used to people being uptight and unfriendly okay probably take the wynz when we come back we're
going to do the michael jackson sell out great i wonder if we're going to have as much resistance
on michael jackson on the fm because you do know i have that michael jackson fetish
i want to i want to be michael jackson no matter frat or jennet oh i can be a germane
here or what is it made or diano teeto teeto put a blanket over the monkey teeto
okay let's take a break i do that pretty well as a matter of the day don't i
and you also have the michael jackson how do i look like brine or cross teeto i'm going to be a
weatherman okay let's take our break we'll come right back
hello i'm michael jackson and i sold that beetle song to Nike for lots of money
but i still own dozens of great tunes by the fair four and now i'm selling them out
to get yourself a quarter pounder prize and
the music that moved to generation in the 60s is ready to move your products
in the end let it out because i'm zelves this week it's all again you can buy a peasant
1995
if you're confident lacks originality and has no respect for classic music
give me a call and say
it's a good time for the great taste okay work on those numbers don't 23 pass
known at wynz
and if if there's anybody who should know who's going to be doing two to six on saturday
afternoon on wynz here he is i don't know greatest yet to have even he doesn't know i don't
have any idea i did yeah i'm only saturday they're gonna a whole week yeah i'm gonna like to
rush into these things you know and stands gonna do this shift right on saturday and it's
gonna give them an extra four hours to throw yeah to figure it out excellent okay we have another call
from poppano hello oh gone that's our first one of the day they've all been very patient today
this is their last chance on a m my name be cello hi what's the news a their phone number
you're writing a book yeah it's at nine four hundred is it no five five oh nine four hundred no close
six four hundred no five give it to you five five oh yeah now let me give you a hint this
don't get choked up Sally the station is 94.9 on fm right so on shortwave on shortwave so
nine four nine oh would make a lot of sense nine four nine oh right see very simple pretty good
and it's the same number at all three counties they'd brown and palm beach all right you guys are
pretty smart guys well not necessarily all right we inherited that okay good luck to you sir
yeah we inherited that number what's wrong Bob Lassiter disease just started creeping out of the
building i couldn't believe when he called you the other day he might call today making of yentos
yeah boy oh boy oh boy let's tell them they're paying me what about seven hundred thousand a year
to do on the fm million a million a year why the you know why not okay someone in north Miami
wants desperately to speak to us hello hey Joe when it gets your picture in tomorrow's game oh yeah
right Neil get serious would you please Neil yes how you doing good she's your buddy from they got
a work release oh yeah how are you Glenn hi how you doing I told you I wouldn't call back for a
one you know I kept my promise good congratulate you on going to fm thank you and your numbers see
we all get released sooner or later right yeah sooner or I was on Craig worthy a couple weeks ago oh
boy doing what you mean as a guest yeah as a guest are you cereal yeah talking about you know
where I was at and why I was there and things like that it was interesting he had about six calls
yeah I don't like those negative sir we don't discuss negatives on this program if you
gotta be a guest of my show we do all the positive sir negative did you just did you discuss
Neil Rogers on that show I've seen what's his name the guy that comes on before Craig the guy
that puts you to sleep oh jury swishner yeah I told Jerry Neil when I went and he was still in the
studio on the you know do stuff I shook his hand I said Neil has a lot of things to say about
and he said nothing good I bet he was hostile yeah don't get don't get him too hostile boy
pull that three fifty seven mag them out I was looking for it I didn't see one make you an offer
you can't refute it if you really make a man don't pull out his three fifty eight mag know yeah
and if you really get him upset wait till you see what he pulls out they're always where that
sailors cap yes yeah it's glued to his head it's like Ricky Tickies it's glued to the forehead
anyway Neil I just want to call and congratulate you my portable radio the AM doesn't work on it
good so I can take you now again on that film excellent yeah listening to you okay all right thanks a lot
blah blah blah and one of the ways one is very easy and inexpensive underlying in red ways of doing
that is doing what you is doing okay let's go to Fort Waterdale hello oh hi yeah what's up hey
nothing much I'm a lifeguard here at Tom Lloyd State Park another lifeguard but we got every
lifeguard in America but you're really busy today huh no not really kind of a long day for the beach
I'm the only male lifeguard here what was that yeah that's a John Lloyd no what was that sound
I heard in the background that's my friend Stacy she's the headlight guard Stacy yeah Stacy sounded
like she was drowning or something now she can't John she's a lifeguard she's the head lifeguard
yes she sure is I don't want to touch that line what her what are her duties may I ask
oh not much no but yeah what does a head lifeguard do what we get paid the body serve when
there's nobody here yeah that's good what a job huh what a job we listen to all the time out
here great well you know we're big with lifeguards now you don't you don't know Paul or what was that
girl oh what was her name remember her name no no we heard about that that wasn't true
Sherry Sherry boy she got a memory like a steel trap wow boy oh boy there's no
well how about that Cuban lifeguard Louise oh not here at least Stacy Diane Vicki and me Russ
oh boy I'll tell you if that Louise comes out on the beach everybody else scatter I'll tell you that
when are you gonna do a show what are we gonna do what yeah what are you gonna do show from the beach
oh that what are you laughing about that would be a great idea yeah what get some six to ten in the
morning with the sun coming up that beautiful and all those young people running around stark naked
that would be good it's great yeah I could get up for a show like that not many people here but
surfers today okay well listen have a wonderful life I can you play a hollywood's play it oh no
play it again yes I did play it but you know yeah that's my favorite really yeah sir is
with the white totter and everything you know I should have I just discovered something I
should have had these all stacked up like this for months I would find something and okay here we go
have a great life my friend thank you okay there too Miami cops with a hot new beans there on the streets
fighting crime they pop that's a handicap face there yeah yeah yeah yeah in hallowed day old
vice we're gonna probably the gray game is a truly crazy we've seen it isn't that the group of
senior citizens went around trying to get the early bird special after seven yeah they're back in time
let's go get them stop it nothing to clean up the street hey lady you can't cross here you'll have to
cross in the light and they're determined to clean up this smuggling business all right sister you're
under arrest also now you're arresting my wife watch the charge session to powder I'm gonna first
time let's see that white stuff yeah just a thought got over a hundred bags in here for
what sweet love that restaurant you just came out of let's take a minute
yes there can the in Miami cops on hot new beans in
hell of a deal vice reviewing this fall on MBC okay since Jim Looney gave you a preview of the
cackling news that's gonna start Monday on the AM we might as well give you a little preview of
one of the features that we're gonna be doing every morning on zeta i'm not just i mean like
stodder can come on he reviews a different movie every day and we're not gonna do that we're
gonna do something that's never been done revolutionary in the fm radio maybe even an AM we're
gonna review the same movie every day at least through the fall book anywhere okay well we're not
gonna do any peach halas howl movies or anything like i said hey how did you like soul man you
haven't seen it you see i'm seeing it it's great it is so cute haven't seen it yet i don't have
cinematics and you won't take it for me i will i will take it will it is so cute it's enough to make
you want to go out and adopt a black teenager immediately and i don't need power tool on the same
tape and don't worry about that and they're all worried about that i want to tell you the chances
of you ever getting to see that on a scale of zero you know you've got enough image problems already
miramar hello hello i just want to know what maybe you can explain to me what ricky
tiki was talking about when he welcomed you to the fm the other day what ricky tiki yeah ricky
tiki was i think it was the day he announced i was first day and uh right during that time at
the oldies with the Beatles and speaker davis whoo what did he say he said that you hear the news
near rogers is coming to fm he said that then he said welcome to the big league cow bring your checkbook
with you the heck does that mean it goes thanks uh the uh you can listen i and i have for a half
hour 45 minutes and there is absolutely nothing on the air except this guy is a jerk that lady is
a whatever and so it on it on it on it on yeah shame on you ricky right but i guess it needs the
thing of that means bring my checkbook what does that mean there i have no idea right but maybe
at least a bird would have heard that some of those clever comebacks like joey does you know right
i i haven't figured it out i don't know bring your checkbook yeah i don't understand what it is
the stations should bring a checkbook yeah well good luck to you rick so maybe we'll get ricky
out there maybe he's listening he can call up and maybe explain that for me because what do you
mean maybe he's listening of course he's listening are you kidding jimbo jimbo i like that
good okay jimmy we're looking for your call thanks a lot shameless isn't shameless i mean there's no
discussion of of situations of events of social problems or anything else it's what i what is it
what is it what is it rick just shock and radio okay thank you 20 27 before one little did he know
when he did that interview with all the station and he was giving us enough material for
thousands of shows he was making a classic and i'll tell you what else he doesn't know is that this
ooh there you go i would run that's the big advantage what else he doesn't know is that uh i have
the whole interview on tape where he just goes on and on and on it can on and on fresh and
in all absolute like like for fm purposes maybe yeah it's like i've been written on the box
of Jeff striker tape because it can be it can be lengthen and done poppano hello hello hi how are you
good how you doing okay i heard you went to the poppano race track a few nights ago Thursday night
yep and you spoke with mr john berry yes yes my mother's boyfriend great yeah boy i know my fiance is a big
fan of you so once you heard you were there speaking with my mother's boyfriend he was freaking out
he was hoping you would go another night so maybe we can go and oh hey listen i'll be there
off and you can count on that i'm a real degenerate oh yeah yeah uh okay that's good i will i
won't be staying for all erases because i have to get to betty you know betty by early from now on
but you know why first seven or eight what why why because i'm going to be getting up early in the
morning to do mornings on zeta 94.9 fm 60 to 10 a.m. Monday through Friday you didn't know you didn't
know that i knew i didn't know you had to go to bed early for that though well let me ask you if
you went to poppano and you stayed till 11 30 and i got home at midnight and i had to get up
in four in the morning yeah not too hot right well called shower a couple of cups of coffee
i don't drink coffee um i see i'm saying what's it talk to you because he's got a gift for you how
about a coffee animal what no let's get jane donigan on talk about those coffee animals and do they
sink or do they close that's the sink of play i'm ready okay my favorite he's got a gift for you
okay got a gift for me yes sir how you doing okay how are you excellent are you guys going to
get mellow on zeta i heard you're a butthole tonight what do you mean are we going to get mellow
i mean what happened to you're an asshole tonight the ninety five well sir we don't want to discuss
personal you know hygiene oh i mean it's not going to mellow out is it no we're going to look one
record he doesn't hear we're mellowing out right we're i don't where have you been you know that
record disappeared her where weeks ago i know but i heard and i heard a butthole what's a butthole
means the headlight guard death what is a butthole good question yes that may be our topic
Monday night hey i got a gift for you here okay it's a real bird but a bird does it have a butthole
sir but it's a bird we can't have it here it's it's it's for you can we bring it to you one of these
days one of these days keep it warm for while put it in the microwave and then we'll let you know
we're ready five minutes i'll have a little feson under glass can you play a song for me oh here we go
hey oh yeah you're going to settle mellowing out but can we play a song for him sir i'm going to
tell you we will play anything you want can you play the the banana song for me boys for your
friends Joey yeah well not not not your Joey i got a Joey too uh-huh and can you play a Joey
theme too that that with the gong i know i'm asking a million quest anything else would you like
at the same time maybe oh wait a minute listen if you give us the whole list you have
us programmed all the way up to two o'clock i love it i could use the gig but could you play it for me
now right now if you'll ever if you'll stop talking about okay i listen to you lots of luck on
data thank you are you going to be listening oh you know it i got to get up early now for you okay
but it's great i love the show okay watch your butthole see you later okay okay i'll read it there
say goodbye boy oh boy on and on like Ricky white left down madda banana
love a rotten deal found that y'all devil hiding in her purse he's cold and he's hard but he's got a
few i hope it never happens to you some fruit breaks your marriage into my white left
madda banana made my baby sit fall away
A white bleft tongue with a banana.
I'm a jealous man.
She found us six inch Latin love fur.
Now she does the tango with her right hand.
And right now I could just die.
He's eaten my banana cream pie.
A white bleft tongue with a banana.
My baby's slipping.
My baby's slipping.
My baby's slipping away.
Daddy's slipping away.
Daddy's slipping away.
Daddy's slipping away.
I'm speaking of slipping away.
My baby's slipping away.
Into a blithy of age once again.
Daddy's slipping away.
You're likened up there in December in Buffalo, Jodi.
Six feet of snow on the ground.
Wind chill of about 2018 below.
They're friendly and cheap to watch and Hawke's on a wand.
It always very big in Hamburg and DPU.
Very big. DPU, D-P-E-E-W, DPU, New York,
Proudonia. Oh yeah, he's big in Edorea.
Very big.
Like this.
Okay, 21-1 at W-I-N-C and we're going to come right back.
This weekend, O'Hara Spencer, TD Tough Guy.
Okay, let's take a call from Boca. Hello.
Any oil, how you doing?
Good, are you paying for this call?
That's a certainly out.
Wow, and I see on Monday you won't have to do that anymore.
We have a Boca line.
Oh, I know. And I hate, why, and how are you doing?
Chronic. Would you like a slice of pizza?
This is a candy.
Can you say kinky?
I watch at the brick oven.
Is this our chronic collar from Boca?
Yeah.
Oh, I shouldn't have told him about that then that Boca line.
Well, it's for you.
Well, I haven't even called you in about three weeks, okay?
Oh, yeah, sure. Tell me another good one.
It's a truth, okay?
Yeah. Are you, this guy must be related to Martin Luther King Jr.,
he had a dream.
Yeah.
In your case, I think it was a fantasy.
Did you talk to your buddy Steve Kane about his ratings?
Steve, talking about my, you can.
Your pal.
I pal, Steve Kane? No, I don't, I don't talk to Steve Kane.
I talk to Mike Miller.
Oh, now you're talking. Yeah.
How's Mike doing?
How's Mike doing?
He's doing well.
He loves his West Palm Beach a lot now.
Yeah, hey, Mike, he likes it.
He's hanging out with Daffy.
But he's, he's doing well up there.
He's having a great time and he's, uh...
I heard that he's starting a petition drive to bring the dolphins to West Palm Beach, is that true?
He's trying to bring the Minnesota North Star.
Oh, yeah, that ought to be good.
Stanley Cup playoffs for Cup.
Excellent.
Off Florida, it's gonna be great.
Good. Hockey is so big in Florida.
Yeah, yeah.
Like in L.A.
Yeah.
But, uh, by the way, I think I'll boom a quagg with also on that Elvis is a North court.
Very possible.
Could be. He's trying, he's sniffing around to get us to play it.
No.
No. Good, because we're not.
Oh, did you watch Blue Velvet?
No. I turn on the movie channel for spasming out on the last one.
I couldn't watch it.
Really?
Yeah, it's just about the part where the year was deteriorating in the woods.
Oh, yeah.
I told you it was your kind of movie.
And then it went crazy and I just had to turn it way up to here and...
Well, it's understandable with the movie that it would start spasming out.
As you say.
National pastime.
I'm trying to conjure up in my mind the movie channel spasming out.
You know, it's an interesting event.
Well, that's it. No, you got it backwards. That's a new movie.
It's going to be on the movie channel spasming out.
Right.
With the Sissy Spaceck and the Melio Esquiz spasming out.
Well, you know, central type with all the greats and...
And near greats.
Can you tell me why isn't Bill Calt are going to be on WINZ instead of...
I hate listen, because do they ever do anything here that makes sense?
Do they ever do anything here that makes sense? No.
Did they move to the FM? That makes sense.
Well, no, I'm not talking about that. But I mean, you know, that wasn't...
That wasn't in that part of the building.
And only took them a couple of books to get rid of Daffy.
Yeah, and that was under great duress.
Yeah, they weren't happy about that.
They weren't happy about letting her go.
Well, I know. Well, anyway.
Oh, by the way, and if that maniac that called Stan yesterday just before the numbers came out of you...
Sour nasty.
Speaking of Daff-Rude, right-wing douchebag called in.
And I don't know why he's upset with Stan, because Stan is even more right-wing than he is.
But, you know, Stan had a 4-1. That's a big...
That's a big afternoon number and...
Far bigger than Daffy had even when I had that nine shares.
She had like a three-six in that book and standard of 4-1.
And I guarantee you when the hour by hour comes out, he's going to just pulverize the number she had.
So, you know, we'll never hear from that guy again.
No. 4-1 with all that all-in-or stuff, too.
Yeah, a miracle.
Actually, and without your leading first.
And with that six o'clock hour in there bringing it down.
Bring that baby dad counts.
The six-hour can.
7-7 in that 4-1.
Yeah, we won't have to lift her that anymore now that she's on in the morning, so that'll be good.
Bring that baby down, Arlene.
So, she got the book that had a...
I would do...
I would have fixed it all in the eye, I would have...
I would have fixed it all.
Come on.
I would have fixed it all.
You know, it's interesting.
I don't think there's any weekend stuff on here.
Now that you mentioned that.
I mean, Mark Cune gave me numbers that haven't been invented.
Look at all this stuff.
This must be like a going-away present.
Page after page.
Okay, now it just has the total weekend.
It doesn't...
Well, let's see.
What do we do on a weekend?
I'd have got only those.
If I took the time to find that, it would be two o'clock already.
I got that birch call.
Oh, yeah, he got the call for the birch.
But did you really?
You want to know at the end.
How much soda you drink?
Birch beer, yeah.
How many glasses of soda you've had in the last week?
Really.
Well, they figured that affects your brain.
So then they wait the ratings based on how many glasses you've had.
Well, look at that weekend.
We had an INZ at a 4-1.
Mm-hmm.
NWS had a 2-9 and IOD a 2-5.
So we must have done very well on the weekend.
I don't have the breakdown, but we did very well on the weekend.
They all brought him up for me like a 2.
It did real well with Doug Young, you know?
Yeah, he's good.
He's my favorite.
If you've got anything to sell, boy.
Okay, listen, have a great life and we'll talk to you on Zeta.
Go ahead, I'm on.
Once in a great while.
Okay.
You get to see nothing to sell today.
Nobody's buying.
That's a problem.
Yeah.
Merrill Mark, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, how are you doing?
I love your show.
I'm having a problem though.
My husband and I are among those people who don't have FM in their cars.
Oh, come on.
Now listen, I want you and a lot of other people, you know, it's not really that expensive.
The head for sound advice, the response of ours this weekend and go in and say, look,
I don't have a ton of money to spend, but you know, just an inexpensive radio.
And in a couple of hours, you know, we all said probably an hour.
How much are we talking to him?
Well, I'm not selling him for him, but you know, it's not that much.
What?
A couple hundred bucks for a real cheapy?
I guess would be 150 for a real cheapo.
Yeah.
It's not worth it to put in my car.
It isn't?
My car is about to die.
Oh, well then buy in that car.
Well, wait a minute.
Now let me ask you this question.
How about if she just had an AMFM-apportable radio in a car?
I think F-A-M is very difficult, but I think FM will come in on that.
I'm not talking about a walkman because it's illegal to wear those,
even though a lot of these morons do.
But I'm just talking about a radio who can sit on the seat.
That we've got one.
We have to get another one.
Sure.
There's no problem.
FM will come in the car.
Sure.
And that's real.
Because FM is line of sight.
Yeah.
I gotta tell you, I think I have one of your youngest fans.
My five-year-old daughter loved listening to your show.
Great.
When we're in the car, she loves that Joey song.
Really?
And she loved the Elle's song last night yesterday.
Uh-huh.
And I just wanted to ask you one more thing.
I want to know when they're going to put something decent on
the AM drive time.
Something to listen to in my car if I don't get an FM radio.
Well, see, she misses all the FM radio.
Oh, no, no.
No, you've just got to get that FM radio.
Trust me.
Yeah.
I mean, you don't have to.
I mean, it's 1987.
Yeah.
I mean, you've got to come in there.
I need something, but don't think you could put something good on the AM drive time.
What do you mean in the morning?
Yeah.
No.
It's not, um, not what you want.
Well, listen, if you want some laughs.
Well, what about Putin's AMICALs aren't six to ten?
Well, you'd have to discuss that with him.
He'll be on Saturday morning, six to ten, and I'm sure he'll have to regret that.
Yeah.
I used to listen to him on BSS.
Yeah, he's good.
Yeah.
He's got a lot of BS.
One more thing I got to go, but, um, I've been hearing a lot about this I-95 song,
and I've only been listening to you for about six weeks, so I never heard it.
Well, you allowed to put that on anymore?
No, no, no.
Oh, no.
They came down from Portland, Maine, and they specifically, they re-enacted out.
They did a lobotomy on the building, and they anched it out.
You don't have it.
No.
Is it Cleve? They took it out of your building, huh?
Well, out of this room, anyway.
Right.
They have locked away in a vault.
Thanks a lot.
Congratulations on your move.
I hope I get an FM radio soon, so I don't miss two months.
Please.
Love you, so.
Thanks a lot.
Bye.
Two requests for that, this hour, that's what you're saying.
The uh, the uh, uh, 9.95 song.
That's the second request this hour.
Well, I'll tell you what, if you're really desperate, there is one guy in town playing it.
But, uh, we're not going to tell you who that is.
That's not worth it.
It's uh, you know, it's old material by now.
It's rehashed. We've played it about four million times out.
And if you're really desperate to get it, I have a feeling it's on that cassette tape.
It is on that tape tape tape tape.
If you want to have it, not just here at once, but have it for your own, just send the birdie.
Oh, boy, did I walk into that one?
Just send the birdie cassette and uh,
I'll go to my house.
Why not?
On there, with that record, you send it to uh, bird.
I must be asleep.
Or bird.
W-Z-T-A.
Miami.
3-3-0-5-5.
Damn, self-adressed envelope. There's no charge.
And he'll be more than delighted to make you a dub.
And that records on there along with all these others.
And speaking of the bird.
Excuse me, is this a pet shop?
What does this hide say?
Pet shop.
Then it must be a pet shop.
How can I help you?
I want to get a dog for my wife.
Oh, sorry, no trades.
Do you have any bloodhounds?
Sure.
Or a peed here is a bloodhounds.
What's like a bloodhound?
Bleed for the man, peed.
I also heard something about a thing called pet care.
Oh, it's great.
Pet care will take care of virtually all your animals,
veterinary expenses,
and replace them with one,
surprising the affordable annual payment.
Oh, yeah.
How much?
Just $139.
Eight minutes till 1 at W-Y-N-Z.
The last hour and eight minutes.
The Nearodger show on Wednesdays,
moving Montmongue to a morning on Zeta 4.94.
On FM Monday through Friday,
6-10 AM.
Did I leave it to 10 AM?
In the morning.
On FM.
Yeah.
You got to be very clear.
You should not have done that.
No, now it's all over right now.
We've confused them.
FM on AM?
What we've been doing FM on AM for the last year.
True.
That's very true.
Oh, look at this.
Charlie Kindles on the phone.
Hi, Charlie.
Thank you.
How you doing?
Good. How are you?
Good. Oh, no, this is just from Kindle.
Oh, my heart.
Yeah.
I know you've got very nervous.
God.
What's up?
I've been listening to you for about 10 years.
And this is the first time I've ever called you.
Really?
It's a good the last day.
I got a call.
So.
I saw what's his name.
Howard Stern last night in David Letterman.
Yeah.
And he wasn't too bad.
I've never seen him before.
But he was all right.
He talked about when he got thrown off of the late show.
On Fox, yeah.
For inferring that they had something to do with Edgar Rosenberg's death.
Yeah.
So.
Who weren't you happy with?
He said something about it.
Yeah, obviously.
I mean, he said something.
He said that on Fox.
Yeah.
He said that Tacey was thinking about the Joan Rivers husband.
Oh, my God.
And they said that they needed him in the dressing room or something.
And they never appeared again.
They wished him away or some damn thing.
It physically removed.
Did they really arm camera?
Well, that's no.
That's what he said.
I love it.
I told you the world was not ready for Howard.
Only in New York.
Right.
New York is a different world altogether, but not here.
They only bleep one thing he said.
But I really don't know what he said.
Yeah, I'd like to find out.
I'm a good lip reader.
I guarantee you I know it.
Knowing his material, I will be able to, yeah.
So I'm glad you're going on FM because we can't get AM where I work.
Right.
At the Southeast Financial Center.
Oh, no.
Not a chance.
Oh, unfortunately, the only one we get is IOD.
Ah.
Well, I guarantee you the FM will really penetrate.
There's going to be some strong penetration in all of those buildings.
It's a very strong penetration.
I'm going to be able to get a little bit of a chance.
I'm going to be able to get a chance.
I'm going to be able to get a chance.
I'm going to be able to get a chance.
I'm going to be able to get a chance.
I'm going to be able to get a chance.
I'm going to be able to get a chance.
I'm going to be able to get a chance.
I'm going to be able to get a chance.
I'm going to be able to get a chance.
Are you in Davey?
Yes, I'm in Davey.
Okay. Well, you probably take a little nap.
They cheer up call.
Waiting for the cows to come home.
Oh, yeah.
I've been listening to you.
Is that for me?
I'm sorry.
I've been listening to you for good maybe.
I'm a competing station and you had the dating program.
Oh, yeah.
So, the good show.
You bet it was.
We had a lot of fun.
We married 38 couples.
That's right.
And then some very nasty rumors started flying around.
The station couldn't handle the rumors.
I don't mention what they are because I don't think it's my place.
But you mentioned them yourself several times.
And you left that station and came to this station.
And someone took over the dating program.
Wait a minute.
Could the rumors have had anything to do with a closet?
Yes.
Very much so.
Yeah.
And I don't know how many lifters out there remember all of those things.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
You don't?
No.
He said there were rumors started to fly around the station.
Yeah.
Something about you stepping out of some closet or something.
There were these papers and the whole community was up in arms.
I mean, these nasty things on this show.
I don't know if Tom took it over.
And there were no rumors about him.
And of course, the show very quickly degenerated into a the Kiki hour.
Oh, yeah.
That was the stinky hour.
Yeah.
I remember that.
And one day it just disappeared.
Yeah.
I like the dating show they did on Fridays for a while.
And they would not even cut people that mentioned it.
Yeah.
It even came on.
A question.
Why don't you bring that back?
What?
The dating show?
No way.
Well, I don't want to say no way.
We'll see what happens.
That might be big on FM.
In any case, the real thing I want to tell you besides to compliment you for your many years of service to the community.
I wish there were more closet people like you around.
In any case, I want you to know that you have a lot of things to do with the community.
In credible.
I'm a cult greeting.
I've been a cult greeting over the years.
You know, the handshake, the grab thumbs, handshake.
Oh, yeah.
The drug brothers grip.
Yeah.
And the response to in credible.
Yeah.
Of course, un-yellow ball.
Hey, I got news for intermit making this up.
We're going to have a whole bunch of buttons made up for Zeta 4.
They're black buttons with yellow lettering and says unbelievable Zeta 4.
Yeah, but the, but the, you know, the thing is that that, that, that, that, you know, people do not reply right.
I mean, they're out.
There's not, there's not in with it anymore.
I experienced that many the other day.
I found this girl.
She was in credible.
Yeah.
36, 24, 38.
Gorgeous, blonde, her blue eyes.
We had this great time.
We come back to my apartment.
Turn the lights down low.
Put on the soft music.
Get her on the couch.
Get her blouse off.
I get her bra off.
I mean, there's these two perfect breastening that I look at.
I like this.
It's incredible.
And she looks at me.
She's alive.
And that was the end of that.
I'm just thinking, feeling the mic stomach, I look at her.
It's incredible.
Yeah.
It looks at me.
There's black expression.
I think there's a blood, more trans.
So look at her.
I said, unbelievable.
And she says, why thank you.
But the only thing I had in the back of the bra,
right?
Right in the upper brow.
And just like that, I mean, I look like one of these.
Excellent.
Good choice, my friend.
But please, keep up the good work.
See if you can bring back the dating show.
Yeah, I mean, just because one guy ruined it doesn't have to disappear.
Okay.
There's a lot of people out there that still remember that and what the job you were doing.
Okay, we'll give it some heavy thought.
I'll read the durch.
Thank you.
Okay.
Well, look at that.
What a great piece of timing that was.
John Freeman's standing by with some more of those miraculous headlines
that have made W.I.N.Z. the great new station that it is.
Until Monday morning, World News from CBS at the top of the hour.
And then when we come back at 106, it's the final hour of the day.
Roger Show on W.I.N.Z. AM.
We'd like to ask everyone to stop putting an S on the end of Stan Major's name.
One Stan Major is all we can handle.
W.I.N.Z. My Annie Fort Lauderdale.
Thank you for watching this video.
Get me a stick for an error boom.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to probably go on.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got to go.
Got a bunch of stuff to install.
Where would he go?
Did he go!
Where would he go?
lives. I need to do any question about that. And of course some of us will be at the melting pot
sometime this weekend and oh we've had a lot of great comments about that too and I'm
salivating. I'm really getting ready. Are you going to be there with Sharon today?
Be having dinner with Sharon. You know it's still not too late by the way to work you out of that show
and do understand that. Max is arranging all the mics and all the furniture in there so
so. Okay let's take some calls here. You're part of history being made now ladies and gentlemen.
50 minutes and counting. Mm-hmm boy. Thank God. Miami. Hello. Hello.
Oh, no. I think here he is. First time call up. Long time listen.
I haven't called you in about a year. Yeah. Thank God. Probably probably accounts for our success.
You're not saying I was a chronic regular. No, I think chronic irregular would be a better
one. Now I haven't called you since you've gone on days. How come? Why? Well you know it's
during the day. Yeah okay. Yeah. You know some of us have to work. Oh no. In other words he's
warning us that now that we're going to be on in the morning. Look out. I'm going to call you
every day twice a day. No. Are you the guy who called God and you're one to be put on hold today?
Oh no but I must admit that was a pretty good idea. Yeah. I want to tell you the truth. You've
been doing an absolutely super job. Both of you. Yeah we believe it. Yeah. Let's see. Let's see. I
wasn't I wasn't one of these shall we say Neil Rogers virgins you know they just discovered
you during the day. Yeah well there are a lot of people who think that I just you know just
hatched out of an egg or something here and don't realize I've been you know putting up with
crap in this market for years for 12 years. I started to listen to you in 1979 so it's like
eight years. Yeah too long. Let me ask you a question. Ask me anything. All right. Where do you get
like that that that Dr. Irving paycheck thing? Is that done for you or is that part of an album there?
That that particular one came out of New York from the American comedy network. But we have stuff
that comes from everywhere. I mean we got a lot of very creative listeners and we have other
talent in the market that did some of this stuff. It's from everywhere. So like it comes out of the
sky. Bloods in. Yeah. Did you see you were on the news last night? Yes we did. And I never
looked but you're always great. She's a good looking handsome I would say. She's a very handsome guy.
Now I just I just wanted to call you you know because I hadn't I hadn't called you since you were on
nice days and tell you I think you're you know I've enjoyed it now I'm working forward to listening
to you on FM. Excellent. Well you're a let's see what are the number 29 right now.
So what are you doing it now? Oh not what now when are you on you're just on Monday for just
this Monday for about five minutes just to see what it sounds like. I said you got it.
Well thank you very much. Okay talk to you next year. Okay bye bye. It was interesting to see
Anne talking about you last night wasn't it? Did you enjoy it? I didn't see the 11 o'clock. I saw
the six o'clock and I don't even I guess Anne was on there. I didn't saw the 11 o'clock. I didn't
see the six o'clock. Well evens itself out. Funny about life. South Miami hello. Hey.
And everyone's been tinkling on you today. I want to address the bird. Okay take a
look at the bird. At first you know like many I found you to be a bit of an irritant to say the least.
But every so slowly you can't go if you're way into our hearts.
Funny. Yeah. It sort of puts you over the top. Great. So to speak. It was so badly for you when
a short while back you seem to be on Neil's S list. I did. A couple of days there yeah you were just
a bad habit of opening up his mail. You were losing well he was not only opening up the mail here but
he was becoming obsessed with it. Anyway the tinkering with it and shuffling it around and just
making a mess. Now I'm glad you're coming Mr. Vial to FM. Thank you. I am too. Yeah I went to the hitchhike
or the hitchhru the other night. Well wait a minute before you go into that there is I'm not sure
which restaurant it is but in honor of our new morning show they're one of the fine gourmet
restaurants in town is added a new item on the menu it's called Vial and the Bird.
Sounds tasty. Okay so you saw the hitchhru? Yeah I'm the keychain guy by the way.
Oh. Anyway I saw the hitchhru and I left. Blast from the past. What? What the refresh our memory
you've changed about the keychain. What did you do? Is it the gold keychain? Oh yeah okay now I
got you. We from South Dade. Yeah okay now I got you. Now I know why this guy watched
the Pita Moussalle. Go ahead. I sent for the bird. Yes yes sir. You saw the hitchhru? Yes
yes I did. Towards the end of the movie. Well wait a minute is this going to be a movie review
like? I don't know very briefly but Rutger was in custody on the police bus. Yes.
Aim that tune. Okay what's the question sir? I can't remember the music that was played in that scene.
Oh you was humming a tune. You was humming to himself as he was planning his escape. Oh I can't
remember. Oh boo. So you could have gotten a keychain if you got that one. What was it? What was the
answer? I know what it was. My money is the homotones for the kids. What is it? I'm half crazy
all for the love of you. Oh yeah. Yeah half crazy. Well whatever comes before that is the name
of the song. Yeah right exactly. Old Daisy something about Daisy.
Mm hmm.
A pop pop pop. A bicycle built for the I sickle. No that's not it. See you want to say anything you
go along with it. No that's not it. A bicycle built for you. I'm half crazy. I think so. Yeah but not
bicycle built for two. It's a similar tune. I think there's a bird in there. Similar tune.
Yes sir. Yes. All right when you meet a lady and she's got a moral interface and as you get
to know her she comes more and more attractive as you get to know her and like her and then that moral
sort of becomes a beauty mark. That's kind of how you are. Oh I see. Well you'll be interested to know
sir that it was one year ago that they fired me at my previous radio. I thought that was yesterday.
Well yesterday was the day. Today is the date. October 10th. It was last October 10th that they fired
me. That was the best thing that ever happened. Absolutely. They couldn't deal with me over there.
They just couldn't take it. We've learned to see very nice addition. Yes thank you very much.
I feel great. Have a wonderful life. Okay. It's a good time. We have great taste. Yeah. Neil
this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Okay 117 at Wions.
Yeah that is not the song that he hums during that scene. You know we're just looking up at the
crazy. Now we're beginning to sound like those guys on it. Just we heard moments ago. They sing
duets. You know like in the shower they sing together those two. That's what I heard. Look out
they go on that cruise and you know all the strain about the studio. Everywhere together.
I mean everywhere. Can't get enough of each other evidently. Yeah. Marguerite. Hello. How you doing?
Good. How you doing? Fine. Alright I'm a first time car Neil.
Does that bug you? You know when like somebody you try to remember something and somebody plants
the seed and you just can't remember it. Yeah. And it drives you nuts. Absolutely. I wanted to be in
the last hour here. A couple questions for you. I've bicycle skills for two. That's how I did.
Go ahead. Okay give me a Joey Reynolds update. I mean where's Skyhead?
Cheek to Oggin New York I think just to the east of Buffalo on Route 5 and 20 sir.
Does he can't since she? Huh? Is he been canned? What? He has he been candy just got here.
I know but he's terrible. I always hear you talking about him hitting the roads. I wanted to
put happen. Well I do know that he bought a house but the rumor is he has he hasn't unpacked okay.
And the next thing I don't know if you can remember back a ways but the guy that's the
he can replace the IOD and he even doing better than that guy. Mike Miller well he's in West Palm Beach.
Like Miller is? Yeah. Yeah. He's can't get better ratings with him because it was. No he doesn't.
Steve went down as a matter of fact it's interesting you should ask that because among all the other
crap that Mark left me here are the numbers going back all year as a matter of four for all the
day parts and I mean he left me everything you know I like to see that and let's see three to
seven p.m. Here it is W.I.O. Dean I like like in the afternoon yeah okay like April May and June
that's it they had a 3.1 okay Mike Miller okay most of that is Mike Miller Steve came on a year like
what June 8th June I think June 8th so most of that is Mike though then they went down to a two
two nine and now the full book of two six so he's gone down a half a point in just like three
months it's great I hate the guy yeah he's a real pompous ass no talent goofball who's just filled
with himself an ego that's bigger than the whole community that's true you know he's in he's never
had a number he's never had a giant audience he's never had a big following and he's just a great
BS artist you know he's done this great con job and more power to him if they're dumb enough to
bang that kind of money and to think that he's gonna really build them an audience you know it's
it's typical they're just a bunch of moron he said the other day what he made I don't listen to
him much because I don't like him but he said he makes 600 grand well that's yeah for three years
oh now he's got these combined in great here yeah yeah I was amazed I like the guy Mike Miller
he's the first well let me just say this to you the audience is not interested in how much the
talent is making they're interested in whether the show is good and the show does to the excellent
word stink is exactly what I was thinking of you know I listen to Mike Miller he was the first
AM guy I listen to and they'd yank him off yeah and I work when you have your show but during my
lunch half hour I listen well that means you'll be listening more in the morning I guess all right
and then I listen to Stan in the afternoon but I think you guys are absolutely great I never
thought I have to turn on FM again but it'll go on Monday morning thanks a lot you have a good one
now too good life bye bye okay so great good call him again yeah yeah really great Americans it's
a good time get him out of here will you please I'm sorry Donald there's no room for you in this
this studio yeah he's auditioning you know broke his heart they were trying to auction him off I
think it was yesterday more and they were trying to sell him when they got up to a buck and a half
they quit they gave up remember the big switch they wanted to do have me come over there and
make sure yeah yeah okay let's take a break and this is our let's see second to last break
right AM on the near-roder show and W.I.N.Z. July I am not a Nazi okay 124 W.I.Z we have a celebrity
car standing by hello that was a nice lead in well that's why we played it for you Rick
oh I am you this is Rick of Rick in Spud on Waxi a 105.9 and we congratulate you on a sensational
summer book well thank you and likewise well thank you hey listen I if I sound tired we've been
working really hard I heard that you wanted us to contribute some stuff for your show we finally
got some stuff done the hardest part was working 94 I indeed everything but we finally got it done
and I can break it over anytime excellent we'll just to take the 94 I.N.Z. I'll just
just displace that out put in Zeta that was the funny part yeah well you get on and you start
saying these things and playing those songs that he plays with the lyrics that are in there it
you die it's it's shocking I know well listen I'm not going to be able to listen to you anymore
how come I don't have it out there oh okay well that's a good excuse I don't either as a matter of
fact but I might spring for it if they give me if they give me the contract I'm looking for I could
probably get a Sony Walkman listen to you I want to tell you seriously please first of all
unfairly okay you should listen to you in the office when we would get off the air every day I'll
bet I have a I have a boy's activated fish mounted fish on my wall and if we adjusted it just
right Glenn's laugh would make the fish wiggle excellent I knew he was good for something
hey I'm not that serious we've been trying to figure out really going to miss that great but I
want to tell you know you're a you're a great personality I've enjoyed listening to you since
and I wanted to get a hold of you when we first came down here because we used to work over in
Sanosota at the same time yeah but that's one thing is you're getting kind of stuck and we just
kind of stood back and watched but you're a tremendous guy to listen to your extremely articulate very
smart and it's been very enjoyable and we're really going to miss you thank you well listen I know
we're gonna see there those of us who can you know be a little bit civilized in the morning we
don't have to be hostile with each other and of course there's the other factors which we don't
want to mention a name but okay okay thanks Rick good luck and I plan and same to you okay
okay well listen we really made it now Rick and Spuds from Waxiwano toy this is gonna take a few
days we're not paranoid we there's enough to share out there for everybody of course we will
take about half of their 2554 hey listen hey they had a great book they really had the whole
station had a good see we don't come on and say like we're the only station in America or the
only station in the market you know oh so ridiculous give credit we're credit we will be after
Monday but no we just we don't believe in that and I think Tanner will continue with climbing and
sunny will continue you know whatever he's doing yeah and Rick and Spuds will continue doing very
well and you Dell will continue what would Donald and the happy relationship and uh you know
and then there's that other ship and but we left out our friends at hot 105 and I don't
want to leave them out because they really are good yeah they and Skyler yeah I remember their names
you made the progress I am making a little bit of progress well you were so rude to him that day
you mean Jim Skyler who wrote it out for you fanatically Skyler like Gerber's Gerber's
what did I do it that's gonna make it over to FM the Gerber Tata are you serious of course
that could be one of our first things our first call here it is ladies and gentlemen speak to me
come on hey bud yeah I mean that you drive the blue and gray cool girl because I saw you again
not once but now it's boys and you lie to me on the air oh well I always feel when Dixie who
constantly and constantly see if he was at table videos stored over there by Gerber's you better
watch out you better not out you're off but that you grew up not just in your show so I wonder what
the yes but oh it starts with an S yeah I think you wanted to say that my show was a hit yeah yeah
yeah just one of those runaway S's got caught up in the tape and it was added onto the word yeah yeah
I'm sure that's what it is I'm sure was just an accident for modern Dale hello
nobody there I can tell by that wicked click and there is a wicked click that hangs out
for modern Dale by the way Tamarack hello how you doing fine that 2.6 you quoted for Kane yeah
is that his audience share his IQ or his penis size just by coincidence it came out identical isn't that
something yeah just a coincidence across the board across the board this is for some I listen I
don't want to tell you where the decimal point is but that's the other side the monumental call okay I'm
sorry the last time Stan gets ripped on your AM center oh come on now he's coming into work right
now he's in a great mood I get get it in before he comes he's getting ready for some among Parmesan
and he's you know got a great excellent book I know so it won't hurt him okay well don't don't
be too nasty not to nasty I just want to say those people who have ripped Glenn for his laugh for
months should hang their heads in shame right did you hear Stan yesterday
oh unbelievable you mean the forced fake laugh of still he knows it he just can't help himself yeah I
saw you on the 6 o'clock news and just as you spoke look who walked in the door well that I'm
telling our timing today has been phenomenal with a Zeta shirt that doesn't like your fake laugh
Stan I love your laugh said butch it up the Neil yeah on the news yesterday what is with the cigar I
got one right here well when you hang around Stan you have to have a cigar so you can choke a lot you
know least when you're on the air keep those long hard things away from your mouth oh I'll try I'll try
well what a dreamer this guy is yeah boy okay have a wonderful life sir okay Neil
I'll say to you fella how are you one of my daddy's songs and obviously I change the words
a little bit that's okay I'll listen to you buddy and now we understand and so I'll fix my
final aim callers my friends oh say I'm queer I just wish I was a little taller
haha I've made a life of full and now I'm going down the hallways oh watch more than this I'll do it by
unbelievable Elvis yeah there's more you know when I've been all my
palms over I could you oh when the world was down I soldier me space and spit it out I'm still small
I want to go thank you very much oh Elvis oh this boy he go out in a place at glory or what
that was a classic great you didn't hear you're probably sleeping I had two women this morning
you would have just hold on the floor two out of three there was one sane guy in between and a
woman touched she was calling trailine and I would be it was and it was since she kept calling me
dog it was great it was great and the other woman I want to know we're to find me on the FM and
they were they were sensational so and now what is this Ed tables says he is the ultimate
mobile car where the hell is he always on this line hello ed ed mobile I think he is the old
the old yeah yeah ed wrong states listing guy the D
listening to the friend he's great that's up the cell come on Ed
nothing works okay well I'm just gonna put him back on hold I got him on hold now 35
cents a minute let's stand do oh no no he'll say there's something going on over there it's
okay now this one said now the cause is becoming more bizarre as we're running out
it says mr. tinkler hello is this Glenn tinker this is just a tinkler your buddy how you doing okay
I want to thank you for the switch to dance them tinkle tinkle little star
we all know what we are right how we wonder what you are this and I can finally
be up early in the morning these days you can finally get up to me in the morning I just bought my
AMFM Sony clock radio wow we have a new slogan by the way in the morning show on Zeta for
all the Jeff strike your fans get up in the morning with Neil up in the morning with Neil
what was that song you were trying to remember Daisy Daisy
how did your garden grow now that's how's it good though baby doesn't that sound like bicycle built for two
yeah
what is your name
crazy
oh
and
uh
uh
okay sir listen the music doesn't start till Monday okay
well oh it is bicycle build for two that's it got that line in there
and he oh okay but isn't there another song that there's another
side switch to get our sidewalks are under what I got one for you
called or tomorrow on the turf or really in what race
the ninth balky star balky star again huh
as your first tough race what's it going to be about three three to five
I don't know what now because there is some more speed in the race but go to the perspective
who's writing in balthazar no sodo oh santiago huh what's his story lately I don't know
hey it's been a tough need let me tell you uh trust me I haven't been there in at least three weeks
you're going to go tomorrow one more time at least I wanted to let you know
well okay I'll see if I get any shirts left to sell okay anyway look uh my wife
been fighting me she says that she wants to see Joan London in the mornings I said well we're
at the time the tv down real low yeah I'm finally going to give you a case of Neil
so to speak yeah so to speak not staying just Neil okay okay have a wonderful mornings
I can do it with your Monday okay thank you I'll read the dirk
okay for those of you who may have missed it a little earlier on nuts I can't believe I did that
but I put it away are you ripping off all the cards is that what all these things are not all of them
just the ones you see and the ones I get too late oh it's like a lord I'm not going to have
anything to you yeah right right you can dub anything you like anything you like my
a paranoid friend exactly the response you predicted good yeah lower immediate paranoia you know
I've been all my dawn john raping about everything I've been raping I'm not listening to me now I've
been raving about his ratings all morning long I made my bonus by the way of course you made your bonus
well you can say congratulations not of course been raving about his ratings and the fact that a
four one in the afternoon drive in this market is a gigantic number high as a long day in addition
to which if you take out the six o'clock hour in the two they probably have about a four eight
that's right so uh that's the highest number I think at afternoon drive since Jerry Williams left
well that's right the rating seriously and that's uh seven years ago three to seven so two there
weren't as many stations on here when Jerry was here not to take anything away from Jerry but he
had a like a five six I think but of course it's all over Monday oh yeah get that reat back here
Steve oh yeah Steve oh what happened baby oh the fun begins junior the fun begins yeah remember that
the fun begins when you do the 30th on the market in time listening for that money
well that was it those jet-configure reports and what we're going to do two breaks uh that's
right they wrote one in so like I'm sorry I lied to you we have two more breaks so let's do one
now and then we'll do a big build up for the last break it's one thirty eight on the one thirty six
on wins okay now listen granted on Monday morning we're going to be over on FM and uh
zeta four ninety four point nine sixty ten a.m. Monday through Friday we just want to keep repeating
that because we know that once we leave this side of the building we'll never get another mention
but the day not true but the a.m. is going to be doing something really big starting Monday morning
at five thirty so those of you really early risers who want to get into a good mood have a few
chuckles before you turn over to zeta here's a little preview again okay we'll try one more
I just want to tell you what right now the program director is having a hammer
hahahahahaha
quality news on wins
losing with class
under as long as I live I will never forget that rocking with class for that was uh
un the mongable you know rocking with class
ninety five yeah I and z losing with class
well failing desperately with class that's what I used to work on the other
the other way. Are you going to bid a do to the Bahamas? No, actually, we had a caller
earlier and he said that he can hear the FM in the Bahamas. Really? So I guess depending
on which part they live in, some of them can hear it. Well, somebody could pick it up
on their satellite. Sure. We listen, we don't want the Bahamas. Okay, you can have them.
You have a lot of fans. Yeah. Good. Good luck to them. You know, you have the Bahamas
and you're very big done there. They've been having a run. I've just made your Voodoo
dolls just like to eat and you're very important to them done there. Miami, hello. Hello. Yes,
sir. I'd like to make a few pottery machinille. Okay. Okay. The owners and our management of
WID were absent when they passed our brain matter. Excellent comments. The next I'd like to
say that I also offer my sympathy to you as you will be on the weakest power transmitting
stations. I left them frequency stations in this area. Go ahead, sir. I have tried it
out on three different radios, the GE, a magnet box and an Emerson and I'm very sorry.
Well, why don't you put some batteries in them? I've got to buy a new radio till I really
get you in strong. Do you want to say that I hope that when you bring Zeta up from the
doldrums of their 1.2 and 1.4 ratings, yes, that they will increase their transmitting power.
What are you talking about? They're 100,000 watts. They're having a run the cricket
crop. Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Let me just say this to you that there was a problem
on the FM tower and all the FM's are down. They're operating 20% power right now, but tonight
they're going to go out and fix that. So if you've done that anytime very recently. Yeah,
like today, that's why I see. Well, I'm in the area. I guess you're familiar with, you
know, the jockey club cricket club, quesad, 114, this team, Boulevard. All right. Now,
we have an event. I hope you're different. What? What does that mean? In other words,
we're not 100,000 watts. What we are. We're like 2 billion watts. No, they tell me that
the signal is just gangbusters. Well, Sally is back. Everybody who comes in become
Sally. You know, I'm like, this is right. Okay. I wish you the like it. Thank you. And
also a fast future change to a more productive salary and a powerful radio station. Excellent.
But we can listen to you in the afternoon or an evening hours. Thank you. They don't listen
to that. Yeah. The guy on his intentions were good. He, you know, wishes us the best.
Like the lady who wants me to go on at nine because it's your schedule. The weather
is not going to do everybody. We've got to accommodate everybody. Sure. Okay. Well, we're
getting really right out of the nitty gritty. Now, aren't we 18 till getting nervous, getting
very nervous. The tension is building a wait till Monday morning. What's that? Well, I
have a few. I have a few things I want to discuss with you about my mind. Oh, by the way,
that crap about the phones that I heard is so ridiculous. I've dialed it up to have
no problem. There are no fast disease. They've, they've, it's a lot better than it used
to be. You know, and as we've said before, you can only talk to one person at a time,
right? Don't, don't flake out now because you've got this. Here we go. On the day
the numbers come out. We're all in the state of euphoria. And I hear yesterday, I leave
here and he's agreeing with all these. Well, there is doom. Doom. There's one thing
that you do have to remember doing morning drive. And what might that be? And I've
done it on a talk. Yes. That your length of holding on is much, much less. Why we've
only got five lines. We don't need eight million lines over there. And we're not going
to put them on hold. Of course. Punch them up. We'll punch them up when we feel like
it. No, we are going to put them on hold. Really? That changed. Yeah. We're okay. I
didn't get the word. By the way, well, I'll tell you after you. You're in the
wild. Fly by the studio of pants radio. Monday morning. That's the way we like it. That's
why this show is fun. We don't sit down and prepare a thing. We had a time. No prep.
And do all the stupid things. You know, and lay it all out. We didn't do that. So
whatever happened in the goof off. How can I grow? Hello? I but say, bud. Listen, I haven't
heard of you guys since I went to Holland in April. I was going to call you a collect
from over there. But I figured you guys wouldn't take it. No chance. Well, I've grown
accustomed to your face to Glenn. I couldn't stand them in the beginning. But he's okay.
He grows on you. Like an enormous tumor. Have you to say what your first song is going
to be? Well, we'll have to mull that over this afternoon. We don't want to tip our hat.
You don't give the competition any probably something by Don Johnson. Yeah, I would think so.
I like Don. He hates the hero. He said no to well, Harold, sir. And I like Don. He was
on brick well. I mean, you filming last night. Yeah. Again. Yeah. Did you get a
haircut? No, no. Same thing. No, no, no, no. Oh, my God. Look at who's upstairs. Like
a vulture just hovering waiting to extricate us from this awful plot. New boss. Our new
boss. Well, he's in for a big surprise. He hasn't heard either. He's going to be doing
Saturday, two to six over. That's correct. And Saturday morning on the end. I don't
know. I would listen to that. He's going to do the beetle thing on the FF. Yeah. He's going
to come over here and breakfast with the beetles. Yeah. Did you hear that call from Rick
of Rick and Spuds? Yeah. Excellent. Yeah. Excellent. Another pretty good guy. So just
they work for that douchebag, you know. Oh, he's not an otzi. Genius. He's not an
otzi. And we certainly acknowledge that. Skeacher a little bit to the right little dictatorial
for him, but definitely not an otzi. No question about make no mistake. Not even with
a small in. We have never seen. Well, okay. So what were you saying? Boy, I lost it now.
I'm sorry. Well, we're getting so emotional now toward the end. You know, it's gitty.
Yeah. Santa, I remember listening back around January and you and you had these all over
80 callers. Yeah. Isn't it amazing how and one well, really, in less than a year,
have totally turned to demographic of the station around. That's complete. Got these living
and breet well. I won't say living and breathing, but young pinheads, just the jimmies of
them. People that advertising agencies swoon over. Yes. Well, I can't listen to you as often
now in the morning. I only go to school two days a week. So it's the only time I have
to get up early enough to listen to you. Oh, no. You know, they say that in the beginning,
but you'll discover just like the bird, it's contagious and it starts growing on you
and you'll be a rolling, you know, just roll over in the sack, reach over, turn on the
radio and you know, all right. Well, reach over your boyfriend's head and turn on the
radio. Oh, Glenn, you gotta come down to Haiti sometime. Haiti. Oh, you'd be big
down there. Hades, Hades, cooking, growth. Oh, Kades. Oh, Hades, Hades in the
growl. You'll be a Hadeser and do time. Trust me. What is that? Some of us say Hades.
What is it? Sabar. Oh, oh boy. I don't cut up your rally. I don't go to buy. You might
like this one. Oh, I'm sure you will. Yeah. What would be the salient feature of this
bar? Okay, let me get my little hand. Jeff Striker is dressing up as Phoebe Cates this
month. Okay. That's it. That's more or less. That's the kind of bar it is. So you probably
get into it. Okay, listen, have a wonderful life. Regulations and I hope you'll see you
often. Thanks a lot. Okay, now this next one is supposed to be great. You're giving it
a big build up. Okay, better be. Hello. Big build up. Yes, you got a gigantic build up,
sir. Is this a good call? Yeah, it is going to be a good call. Okay, we're waiting.
Okay, you remember, well, you ever watch Channel 10 and you see the rally? Flashback. Yeah.
Okay, well, I'm a Neil Rogers flashback. Good. Okay, now you got it there with me a second
because I got to cue this up here and you know, I'm working with a short phone cord here.
So, well, we know, we know that most of our crowd has a short cord. Really notice that,
right off. I like to track. Two seconds. I'm going to hit it and we'll see what happens.
Okay. Hang on one second. What's burning in here, by the way? A cigarette. Oh, boy,
it smells like you've got a forest fire. Well, that's great. Excellent. Yeah. What is that? Oh,
boy. Sure, appreciate that. Yeah. At the Jewish FM, so, you turned down the job from where you got
on that station. Let me tell you something, sir. If I walk up the engine, they do a lot of lines
on the company up there all the way across the place, across the line. That's it. Yeah,
well, I'll see you both here. We'll spend with you with his suspenders. That's a good,
scary life. There's a lot kind of stuff. There'll be none at all.
Did it work the way? Excellent. Sensational. You were right. A classic.
Thank you. And it's up. Don't hang up on it. Okay.
Come back. Okay. That was a classic flashback. Yeah, that was a good one.
At what? April, maybe they're eating a lot of crow up there now. In fact, the bird better watch
it. They're developing an appetite. It will fess it under glass. Let me tell you my prediction here.
A little vulture parmesan. Go ahead, sir. I think within six months. Yes.
And it'd be all tough. FM. There's denying it. Yeah. You know what that means. But we keep hearing that.
Never know. Over and over. They're usually about six months behind anything that makes sense. So,
look out. We don't want to get our people nervous up there. Okay. They're nervous enough.
We don't want them to be insecure and friendly. Okay. Who is that phone on the floor back there?
Stracking up. What? Who is that cracking up back there? Rick and Spuds.
They came in this morning to wish us good luck. Well, listen, I have a wonderful life and
thanks for their memories. Yeah, I have a wonderful life. Okay.
Right now the president director is having a harem.
We'll preview again of Westcom Monday morning on WINZ.
Yeah.
Called news and illusion. Okay. Now here comes that exciting moment that we've all been waiting for.
Ladies and gentlemen, those of you with your gold embossed score cards,
who are going to be having to get up earlier now. Our last break on WINZ. This is a monumental moment.
We want you to get out your red pens, mark off the last spots and hold your breath.
The other participation may affect you. What do you mean that's what you've been reading all morning?
Your mic's not on. That's okay. It's still not on. One, two, there you go. Notice the headline.
Oh, Linda. Cut. Now, poor Linda. I know. She has to write those.
W-L-Y-F still tops Spanish talk rises. Now you've been reading this all morning and I didn't even
know it was in the hero because I don't get it. I assumed you did. Did you see that one?
It's easy. Is there something in there? Depressed.
Wheel Rogers. Fails. Yeah. I'm not kidding. You want to see it? Fails. Well, almost.
That's what it said. Yeah. All right. Loses. Loses. Yeah. What are you talking about?
The fickle eye on radio listing cast its sites in slightly different directions this summer.
Says Linda. Easy listing life kept its number one. While in the spring English language,
news talk stations were up over all Spanish language news talk down that trend was reversed in
the summer. WQBA landed in second place with a six five W Y and Z dropped a third place with a
five oh all three CHR stations were down a little bit. Three AOR stations gained audience.
Most adult contemporary stations rose. Most. I guess you left left 90. No, there it is. Obviously.
Despite its average ratings loss W Y and Z ratings decline for W Y and Z Rogers. What kind
of a headline is that? Hey, Tim, you're a. I'm a career on depressing note, but.
Well, wait till you hear this by Bill Kelly. This indicates a leveling off in Rogers popularity.
Following the controversy and predictable leap in ratings he received during the shock radio
hey, day of early summer, yet even a seven point five rating is impressive for a cultural host in
this market. I think what this guy knows about radio you can put on a thimble. I would try to
head this early. I did on the whole show on this jackass. He didn't talk to anybody. You believe
this? Not only didn't he talk to anybody? On listen to this Rogers moved to W Y and Z sister
stations. Zeta four is regarded by the competition as a desperate move to boost data's flagging ratings
at the expense of W Y and Z AM, which will surely suffer from Rogers absence. Oh, what a what an
article this is. What an article. What a mong piece of crap. Couldn't even bother to call.
Anyway, Bill Kelly. Yeah, what you know about it now we're sliding. You know, I wish
wait till we get the breakdown in September. I figured out we had about an 11 share in September.
The biggest month I've ever had in daytime. Maybe anybody's had in the modern history of this
market in daytime. Yeah. And the reason that went down was seven five is because in June and July
was on vacation for three weeks and Oli North took us into the toilet for the month in July, I guess
it was unbelievable. What this man knows is nothing and he got him writing this column.
The people of the Sun Sentinel. Like the other guy. What's his name? One Kate. No, no, no, no,
the other idiot. The one that writes Buddy Nevin's who doesn't know where we are in the dial.
Memory here putting seven ninety. Oh, the Sun Sentinel. I'm going to tell you. Just say no to
the Sun Sentinel friends. We need the newspaper in this town, you know. Well, that's all I think.
What is Linda Gunn here specific day part and hourly ratings could not be confirmed at
press. Well, why didn't she call us yesterday? We would have given it to her all. In mid days,
the top five were life Neil Rogers joy one oh seven QBA and Ellen Jaffey on Waxie.
That a great book. Waxie did yeah. Lucky. No, no, no, no, I say lucky. Yeah, they were lucky.
Kind of kidding. They had a what do they have a four five? Wow. Yeah, they were up a whole
well. That's great. Of course, no forgetting in the summertime, the music music station.
Most of them go up and the news talk go down. I know. Look at this. I'm telling you, I just I
still can't believe this. I couldn't even get that point. You know what this is from the school
of wishful thinking and we're all desperate. A desperate move to save Zeta and Rogers is desperate
and on and on and on. It goes and where it stops. Nobody knows. Well, I tell you, the print media
in this town so bushly, it's embarrassing. Now, you know why we thank goodness for Linda
and for Tom Jicke for weren't for them. We'd really be in trouble. Miami Lakes could be our very last
call on WYNZ. Hello. Hi, Neil. How does it feel to make history? Oh, I'm just thrilled to be your last
call in my first call to you. Wow. Want to congratulate you on all your success. Thank you. And
Zeta wanted to say is that it really takes a person to have a good self esteem to listen to you
because if you have a good self esteem, you won't mind. So when taking a poke at every now and then.
When I wanted to know about not spending I'm not spending free golf. Yeah, I missed it. Did you really
what happened? Peter's sister is the one that killed him. They're trying to make you think is paid
but it's never the obvious person. But Peter's sister was talking about how he would still all the
Joey donuts from them when they were kids. Yeah. And now she can have all the Joey donuts to herself. Oh,
boy. That is the primary motive and it's going to come out in the end that he did it. Now let me
ask you a question. Was Pat Peterson in the show Thursday? No, he was. Oh, good. Now I feel I
feel so relieved because I missed the show. No, he wasn't. Boy, I've been so upset. Okay. I wish
it had passed. I can't wait to wake up with you and then last my way all the way to work. Excellent.
And do well. Now you do have an FM radio, right? Definitely. I know how to find you in the dog.
Good. Thanks a lot. Combine it. Well, that's true. No, that's she's good because some of our
callers don't know where to find it but that's another story. Well, listen, that's our last call on
W. I. N. Z. And it's been interesting, right? It's a lie. I am not, but not see. That's what the
memo says. It's been very interesting year and we think all of our list news for their loyal support.
And all of those members of the cast awaited possible. We wish everybody on AM certain amount of
success, especially from 10 a.m. to midnight, not too much in the morning from 6 a.m. But I have a
feeling that it'll kind of seek its own level. It'll take care of itself. It'll take care of itself.
We'll have a great time and don't forget Monday morning. Is it on FM? Monday, AM on FM at 6 o'clock
on Zeta 94.9 and we're going to be doing all kinds of great things. And who knows what
evalurcs in the hearts of men, right? Okay, stay tuned for Stan because he looks like he's really
ready for another one of his favorite Saturday shows.
You've been listening to the Neil Rogers show on W. I. N. Z.
The views expressed on this program are those of the host guests and callers and are not
necessarily those of W. I. N. Z. Stay tuned as the wins weekend continues with Stan Major.
