I mean so far the show has been pretty mild.
What have we done to get them worked up into a frenzy?
Or have they been doing things at home to get themselves worked up into a frenzy? That's the question.
And don't look outside your window now but the guy in the yellow raincoat is Tom Feedler.
I want to get you panicky folks.
Kendall, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Okay, I know.
I've been listening to your show for a long time.
I've never had a chance to talk to you but I've been following this whole thing that you do
with a great deal of interest.
Who brought up a six-pack issue anyway?
I just tuned in and I've had a couple of six packs myself but oh, seriously no, no no.
Koeh Glen had some people on this morning talking about beer.
Oh, who was talking about that?
Anyway, I've been following that.
So you have had a couple of six things.
You said on your news break it was really struck me funny.
It was like President Reagan's warning, Jim Casey,
dying right now.
I bet you they are definitely relieved that the guy died because
President Reagan has William Casey's brain now.
Oh, William Casey, do you think he has that he died because he's a half-
they're going to have those that was going on with the Iran thing.
I guess that was a great one with him.
And I bet you they wish Ollie North died, do you know?
Right?
Ollie North?
Ollie North, yeah sure.
If he died, do I guess that would make the whole thing?
It would cover the whole thing.
Hey guy, you got to testify in front of an angry Senate subcommittee
and that can really make you sweat.
So you need the Cologne especially formulated to cover that distinctive
stench of guilt.
You're justifying but you're caught lying.
You're wearing Ollie.
Splash it on.
Ollie, the Cologne name for the guy who started it all.
I'm Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North and there's nothing I'd rather do
than tell you how great my new Cologne is.
But I must regretfully and respectfully decline to comment on advice of my attorney.
You're the guy of the sput.
Ollie, you're the one who got caught.
Ollie, you're on the Reagan, have kissed you while you're the scapegoat.
Ollie, this time divert your funds and take the fifth of Ollie.
You from CoverUp Cosmetics.
1109 at W.I. and Zenia Ranges with you till 2.
Ernie Sotin is going to be along with Saturday morning or Saturday afternoon services
from 2 to 7 this afternoon and of course in the noon hour.
I can't wait for this.
How do we know who we're going to be talking to?
Daffy is over there with Motek and Ernie and who else?
Ron Harrison is over there too.
A whole bunch of Pussgood-nyoks are over there at the diplomat mall in honor of Mother's Day Weekend.
And I guess Ernie is going to be calling in.
That ought to be really good.
So let's rub our mazzuses together when Ernie calls in.
It's going to be real exciting.
Miami, hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes.
Yeah, my name is Bob.
My first time caller.
Yeah, Bob, how you doing?
Okay, Neil.
I heard you before discussing about the stockies on the radio and their lack of virginality.
And I was just wondering what would be your opinion on how it's a third type?
Welcome to the opinion on what?
How it's a third.
Funny guy.
Funny guy.
Historical.
Have you ever met Howard before?
No.
Oh no.
But you know, the thing with the press,
I'm a little bit pressed like you because I'm originally from New York and I just reloaded it.
Could have fooled me, Bob.
Oh, really?
And it's funny because I was to show every morning he's on 6 to 10 in the morning.
And with that STC ruling, what happened was it's hysterical because he was ruled not in decent,
as you know, of course, right?
And then following morning in the daily news,
there's a paper out there, the front headline says that's the street rules Howard in decent.
So I was asking you like, you guys, when you get you, he was found in decent, right?
Now what gives them the right to a principle like that?
Isn't that flanderous?
Now he is found in decent, now because that's under the new guideline.
You've got to confused.
Right. Well, he was not found in that's why they brought in the guideline.
They couldn't nail him on the old thing on the seven words and now they've
brought it so they can nail anybody they want, including Howard.
Oh, it was very like it wasn't specific though.
So what they do, they just change it.
Yeah.
Or it's made it vague and ambiguous so they can nail anybody they want.
Oh, see, I didn't know it was because I know it was very, it wasn't specific thing.
And now that's why we're doing our campaign, Bob.
That's why we're doing this thing to try to force them to rescind it.
So go back so we know what the rules are at least.
Right.
Okay, Neil.
I love you, son.
I'll tell you.
I made you two weeks.
I put yarn and I'm like, you know, I feel like I'm back home again.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Right.
Say hi to Robin.
Okay.
11 past 11 at WIs.
How do you like that?
A guy from New York, now most New Yorkers are pretty critical.
You know, they think that only what's in New York is good.
If it's anywhere but in New York, it's no good.
But here's a guy who's honest.
He recognizes something good when he when he stumbles into it.
I'm like a lot of the people down here who just don't think that anything is good.
They're always unhappy.
They're always fetching.
Pompano, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Oh great.
I've been listening.
I got a phone call from my sister from North Carolina.
And from South Carolina, I'm sorry.
And she says, call me.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Hold on one second.
Okay.
I'll heal her.
Put him on one line.
Whoever that put him on right away.
I got to hear this.
What are you saying?
Yeah, go ahead.
Oh, I'm on the air.
Yeah, I got to hear this.
Well, anyway, what I wanted to say is that I've been listening to the show for years
and obviously enjoy you very much.
I've never called in before.
But I'm whoever's in the background.
I didn't even know what his name was, but I've heard him before.
I've never listened to it any time.
When we kicked him out, we kicked him out.
Okay.
Anyway, he's got, if you would just listen to an hour of this fellow,
if you would just listen to the tape plate back,
you'd realize how unnerving that adolescent cackle sort of thing is.
Well, didn't you hear me tell him that he cackles?
Yeah, that's why I chose the word.
That's when I got on my car.
I heard the word cackle.
You're finished, Glenn.
You've had it.
Stick to your own show, baby.
Well, he sounds like a touch and fellow.
He's just got a bit of it.
He is.
He's a good guy, but he just cackles too much.
He's a McMahon cackle or whatever it is.
Yeah.
A forced laugh.
Exactly.
Exactly.
But you're doing a great job.
Keep up the work by yourself.
Okay.
Thank you.
Well, I don't want to touch that line.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
Okay.
You hear that, Glenn?
Adios.
He's off the show, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm sorry, man.
Oh, that's all right.
My sister, that bitch in the South Carolina, called me last night and told me to call
the Miami Hound and cancel her.
You should hear what I call him.
And gang call and cancel them out.
See, well, doesn't let their papers happen.
And the Carolina is anymore.
Good.
And he says, also tell Neil that we don't have any talk shows up here.
And I miss him very much.
Great.
Well, tell her she's a great American man.
And he lived in Florida and taught, and the Fort Lauderdale for
since the 1949.
And they moved up there two years ago.
They don't have any talk shows.
And she says, I have Neil do something about it.
She says, I miss the very much.
He's wonderful.
Well, I'll try to do something about it.
I'll try a lot.
I'll have to tell that F.C.C. to stick it in there.
Here.
Yeah, stick it in there.
Here.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Well, give my best regards to her.
Uh, Neil, I knew I'd be here.
And I'm in there and I get out all the time.
And I'm a crippled.
And I listen to you all the time.
And you're wonderful.
Thank you.
You take care of yourself.
Oh, you're wonderful.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, see what you can do when I'm getting out.
Okay.
I'll see what I can do.
For you.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
On your dear.
Thank you very much.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
It's 11.15 in W.I.N.Z.
And I'm serious.
We've had a lot of cantankarist people, especially women.
Although we did have a couple of young hysterical homophobic meals
who seem to be reminiscent of part of a crank syndrome.
And uh, but what can I say about that, you know?
But at any rate, we do have a lot of women
who are very frustrated and antsy this morning
and probably because they've been reading about Gary Hart
and Donna Rice.
And you know how people are in Florida.
Misery loves company.
They don't want anybody to be getting it.
If they can't, they don't want anybody else to get it either.
North Miami Beach, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
You have made my mother who is 92 years old blind
and wears a hearing aid, but the sharpest sweetest lady in the whole world.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I've made her blind.
Oh no.
She's been blind for 40 years.
Oh, I see.
Who has made her the happiest lady in the world?
She listens to you.
She, we hear her laughing with you.
She agrees with you.
She said she never heard the expression dish bag
and she said old words.
She's a lot of it.
Because every day we eat at your restaurants
and I think the nicest gift I could give her from other states.
She's listening.
It's for you to wish her a happy new year.
What's your name?
Rose.
Rose, happy mother.
Oh, it's Priskin.
Rose Priskin?
Yes.
As in Priskin?
P-U-S-H-K-I-M.
Priskin.
Rose Priskin.
Happy Mother's Day Rose in her name.
Her whole life is wrapped around you and your show and she loves it.
Incredible.
She's unbelievable.
Someday I hope you get the name.
I love you.
She too, been blind for 40 years.
The most lovable, independent woman you ever want to meet
and she adores you.
Great.
Thank you for making her happy and I'm sure a lot more.
That's nice.
Thanks for calling.
OK.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Happy Mother's Day Rose.
And Rose, I'm sure if you have a sense of humor,
you know as well as I do what the American mentality is all about.
Let's do this just for Rose today.
Soul Vester Stallone stars in his most challenging role since Reimstown.
Your Maddie and you came and you came without taking
and now you're frigging down.
Stallone is Manolo in Barry.
First Wimp part one.
Sixth America.
Got it to call up.
Absolutely.
Yo, Copacabana with my.
Rex Reed says I love the costumes.
Jean Siskel exclaims four stars.
Yo, absolutely.
Roger Ebert says.
Pass the popcorn.
Sylvester Stallone has the length bar of the law.
Barry first went part one.
You are the disease.
It is I'm the cure.
This gets you and coming this summer.
I know you are the one.
Why?
Rudger Hauer in.
I know you are the one.
Peewees.
Last adventure.
I know you are the one.
That's just for you Rose.
It's 1118 at W.I. and Zania Rogers with you till two.
This is the Ernie Soch in warm up show on W.I. and Z.
Let's keep saying those call it is over and over again.
94.
I.N.Z.
And we do have one open line if you'd like to join us here this morning.
If you'd like to be part of the passing parade of life in
Dave County 624 0191.
624 0191.
Let's do our first break this arc as I've already crushed it off.
No 1121.
21 past 11.
The big hand is on the.
Okay, let's go back to Dania next.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
This is Mike.
From Dania from like under 20.
Mike from Dania you're under 20.
Up and out.
Frightening Mike.
My friend introduced me to your show about a week ago.
Yeah.
And he had told me that you were homosexual.
Oh yeah.
Mr.
Yeah.
Is this true?
Yeah.
Being a minute homosexual do you like fear eight?
No.
Not at all.
No. Do you?
No.
You don't know.
No.
I don't know.
I'm not afraid of.
No.
I'm not gay.
Yeah.
All right.
How about you and your friend?
What do you guys do?
My friend.
Yeah.
I don't have no friends.
Oh, you don't have any friends?
No.
I think you just said a friend introduced you to this show.
I see Mike.
Do you watch the news?
I see Mike.
Mike, keep coming.
Listen.
I like it.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You just said you don't have any friends.
Okay, I don't.
Then who's the friend that listened?
Or did you just come upon it?
You're stumbled into it yourself.
Huh?
Come on.
Let's be honest here.
This is the honest show.
Yeah.
You stumbled on the show by yourself.
Right.
Uh-huh.
Right.
I have a sense.
And you caught my attention.
I caught your attention.
Well, you're not my type.
23 minutes past 11 at WINZ,
we have an open line in Broward.
764-0707.
I mean, I like people that have an IQ of at least over two.
That's a good start.
Okay?
I mean, let's take a chance.
Let's take a risk.
Let's make ourselves vulnerable to the audience.
Oh, boy.
Coral Gables.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes?
Neil?
Yep.
Is a code.
I code out.
Is it an gay,
kind of message that you get it?
I don't.
We don't do messages here, ma'am.
No.
Well, wait.
No, I got something to tell you.
Yeah.
Listen, uh, I, uh,
I mean, we're on the year.
There are thousands of people listening.
They don't want to hear personal messages.
They're not personal.
Or impersonal messages.
Well, this is a...
They want to hear somebody come on and say something brilliant.
Well.
They're not going to hear it on this show.
Well, I'd like to know they got surveillance around Capone Town.
Really?
Yeah.
Who is it, heraldor Rivera?
No, they got...
Or Tom Feedler.
Please, Frank.
Uh, Capone Town.
Not Capone, but what's this guy's name?
Phoebe Roboso.
No.
No, around the guy that wrote the piece about Hort.
Capone, is that the same?
Capone, yeah.
Yeah.
They got surveillance around this home.
And you didn't hear that?
No.
Yeah, they had Don't Television Lifetime.
Well, I wait till they get an eye full of what's going on there.
Oh, yeah.
I understand that if you subscribe to the heraldor,
they give you a miniature yellow trench coat and umbrella and binoculars.
They had the police drove shots at nothing but a yard.
Great.
Yeah.
I wonder are we paying for that?
Yeah, that's tax paid money.
Shameful.
Well, it was on television last night.
Incredible.
While if it was on TV, it must be true.
Well, listen, I won't take something else.
Please.
I don't like it.
I don't listen to Mike Miller there.
But I'd have to turn his television.
And he is, so...
Mike Miller's on television now?
I don't mean television on radio.
Yeah, on the toaster.
Oh, yeah.
He was so...
He is so defined.
He's terrible.
Yeah.
You know, he was...
The worst.
I'll allow him to talk.
But he is wife without a tan.
He was run around with that...
He makes Captain Kendall sound like Howard Stern.
That's how bad Mike Miller is.
He ran around with this...
In the tainas it was here.
You either want a name or the name.
His wife was out of tan.
He was running around with her.
So he's got a lot of room to talk.
He's terrible.
Who was he running around with, Diana Ross?
No, it was that...
Or Michael Jackson.
No, it was this...
Yep, yep.
What's the name?
Some in the tainas that was added.
She was on his show.
Emma Sumac.
Big worth Buster Gale, whatever name was.
Big Buster Gale, Dolly Parton.
No.
That must be the one we got the pictures of in the mail this week.
It's a...
A name's Doss for the wife.
She's in the tainas somewhere around here.
Eve Sandler-Rom.
Some club out here and there.
I'll be open lock or something.
He was.
And he was...
Emma Sumac.
Huh?
Manual Icaza.
Well, she was on his show.
And I don't know for the name,
but it's Doss for the wife.
Uh-huh.
And when they had to face...
Are you sure they didn't need it the wife?
Well, they took the fan together
and then he was dying in a restaurant and everything.
And then he's got a lot of room to talk about somebody else.
His wife out of tan.
You know, I think he's terrible.
Yeah.
Well, let's see what Mike Miller has to say in defense.
This is for that kid in Daniel.
26 minutes past 11 at W.I.N.J.,
that kid was probably went into the adult bookstore
with trying to patch all the holes up in the wall.
Let's go to Haya Leah.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Don't get a chance to caught you during the week
because that's the work.
A couple of things I want to catch up on.
The other day that they were having this thing on WNWS
about switching around.
Oh, yeah.
Another on-the-er programming seminar.
That was great.
I got a lot of...
I thought I thought I was going to get a bit of a question of strength.
The biggest laugh when they said the reason that they're sending
that...
Alice over into that timeslot is because that's where the heavyweight belongs.
Well, I weigh about probably twice as much as he does.
Yeah.
Anyway, I don't see anything wrong with cackels.
I mean, if we didn't have cackels, we wouldn't have eggs, right?
But the word is that...
Well, that's what they said.
They said it glen-laden egg on the show this morning.
I think he's got a nice...
He's a good guy.
He's a great guy just that cackels got to go.
Oh, well, you know...
We're going to muzzle him.
We're taking away his first amendment rights.
Hey, what is it say in the Constitution of America right to cackels?
The whole year this morning was that I have a friend that works at Sudden Bell.
Yeah.
Works in the listing department.
And the rumor is that the Miami Herald is putting a new listing in on their phone directory.
Yeah.
It's going to go between the L-Herald and the...
and present a...
It's the Department of Nocturnal Missions.
That's good.
Yeah, excellent.
Uh, Neil, give me a favor, would you?
Well, sometime this morning, would you play that leprechaun...
Oh, yeah, leprechaun...
I'm okay.
As soon as we get a call from an Irishman, we'll get that on for you.
I got you.
Okay.
I have a good one.
Good luck to you, sir.
28 minutes passed 11 at W-I-N-C.
Let's go to North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Good.
Neil, I've been listening to the show the last few weeks.
I'm a long time listener of yours.
And you've been talking a lot about fascism.
And before I make any statement, I would just like to know if you do any research yourself
into your sponsors, or they just give them to you when that's it.
They're just given to me.
Oh, all right.
When I used to do live commercials on the air,
I would always visit every sponsor, and I got nailed with a couple of bad ones.
Okay, well, uh...
But I don't want...
We don't talk about the sponsors on the air.
I can't do that.
We can't do that.
No.
Oh.
Very unethical.
It is.
Oh, okay.
Uh, then I really can't make any comments because I don't want to embarrass you.
Okay, thank you.
Okay.
Boy, that just kind of leaves you hanging there, doesn't it?
It leaves you pondering the situation.
29 past 11.
All of a sudden, a couple of lines in Dade County opened up.
What just happened there?
624-0191.
This is the time of year.
Would everyone see we get tired of this?
Say, Colleen, would you be wanting to come over to my place to help me, uh,
a wax machine, Lily?
Oh, now that I want my catastrophe,
if you be wet in the green,
I know there's a smart lassie.
Kids making sure her lad is wearing the Kelly Green protection
of leprechaundams.
Don't be risen on a forlift clover.
A fallen for the gist of gab.
Especially if you're planning on kissing some blindy stones.
Here's what have you.
Be doubly in your protection with leprechaundams.
They're strong enough for a man.
But I like them too.
So, kick yourself a leprechaundam
and you won't be kissing anything else.
I must confess, I like that Irish spring so,
but I don't believe that Irishman use it.
I don't think the Irish ever bathed, do they?
No.
I mean, look at Tipo Neal.
Let's see a good example.
He's too busy drinking.
He doesn't have time to take a bath.
I think he takes a bath in gin.
What a terrible thing to say about a great American, right?
It's 1130 at WINZ.
Any old ladies in the audience would like to give Tipo Neal a bath?
Let's go to Miami next.
Hello.
Hi, Neal.
We could hook him up with that gala we got that picture of.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have a funny story for you.
I work.
We have one of those fancy phones that you can put people on hold
and listen to a radio station.
The office member says that we have to listen to life.
Oh, God.
Wait, what are they trying to do?
Drain the life out of you?
Well, when we put people on hold from all over the world,
but what it has that that is,
we talked to a guy who sets up the radio to change it to your station.
All right.
And the president of our company he called about three or four days ago
and was put on hold.
And you were on a roll.
I mean, you were calling Dooschback.
You played the Michael Jackson thing.
He fell off his chair.
Now, we have he have to call in every day.
And we put him on hold that he listens to your show back home.
From where?
From Phoenix.
Great.
He loves it.
I love how like us.
And I'm under 25.
Excellent.
Boy, we like those living and breathing people, sir.
This is the first time caller.
And I was at the lawn that they you were out there.
Yep.
They're happy sperms.
Please.
Let's not get carried away here.
A lot of these old ladies are already broken up.
Okay, enjoy your show.
Keep up the good work.
Thanks a lot.
That's great news.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
They're listening to us in Phoenix.
They're probably stealing our material there too, right?
Generous the way those words just came out.
They didn't come out like in proper sequence or something.
I think Glen being in here,
cackling had an effect on my speech patterns now.
It's 11.32.
See, he's so sensitive.
That's the thing that I love.
Now some woman's going to call up.
But our next thing will have him fired too.
And Laurie poor little Laurie.
She left because of Neil.
And we all know about Kathy West.
Oh, he chases everybody out.
See, I get blamed for everything.
Like yesterday, when it rained like hell,
I'm sure that was my fault too, right?
Hallendale, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I've listened to you show now for about eight months.
Recently moved into the area.
And I listened to a lot of talks.
It was over the years.
Yours has kept my attention by far the longest
of any of them.
And it's certainly a credit to the public
for the job that you're doing.
I know that a lot of the people that I often see during the day
time don't have an opportunity to call and then talk to you
because they're on the job.
So that's an expression from the working class
of people out here too.
It's not that we have the time necessarily
or they're the the the continuous say to call.
But believe me, there are a lot of people that listen to you.
And every chance I get I spread the word.
Thank you.
And I can say that on the tip of the iceberg of the light,
I think you might have a great deal of responsibility
in that.
I think the American public needs good news.
And to them, this is good news.
As you turn on the TV or say pick up the Miami Herald,
wouldn't you say that the course of the ship is determined by the
guardians for the captain of the ship?
You bet.
OK, that's just mainly my opinion.
I want to let you know when you have a nice weekend.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot.
All right, goodbye.
Bye-bye.
OK, here is a tape hot in my hands.
Is this something totally original?
It is on a cassette no less heart to heart.
Words, music, and vocal by my good friend,
Frank's, Frank X.
See, I can't speak today.
Frank X.
Lakato.
Won't you be my Donna Rice?
Take me off to Paradise.
This is going to be great.
Huh?
Thank you.
Thanks a million.
I'm going to, I'll play it in the next hour.
I'll put it on because the cart during the new news break.
Thanks a lot.
Tell Frank I said thank you.
That's great.
Fantastic.
We have the first copy right off the press from Frank Lakato,
who did the Iranian economic supply side economics blues.
Remember that?
That was great.
In fact, we still have that somewhere, don't we?
Is that up there?
Oh, I don't want to play it today, but I think it's still up there.
Maybe we will play it later on in honor of Frank, if we can find it.
But in the meantime, we've got the heart to heart, which I'll put on a cart.
We'll put heart to heart right on cart during the new news.
And then there's one more that rhymes with that, but some woman beat me to that.
She already said that earlier this morning on Glenn's show.
11.35 at W.I. and Z. Let's go to Pembroke Pines.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm your first caller.
And I gave up the Harold.
And my girlfriend came in this morning and she showed me the paper.
What do you think of Pat Robinson running from the president?
Oh, wouldn't that be great?
Well, it's over here.
I'm just reading it.
It's her copy.
It says we cannot have a nation without religious principles.
Yeah, right.
Isn't that going too far?
How about making the Pope president?
I mean, he's coming here this September.
We just haven't stick around.
Yeah, I don't think they should interfere.
They're not supposed to.
Yeah.
And what do you think of Babbitt?
Did you ever hear of him?
Bruce Babbitt.
Well, good luck to him.
Nobody else ever heard of him, but the two of us.
Could be Rabbit.
No, that was Gary Hart who was the rabbit.
No, he should stay away from life.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
See you later.
Oh, I'm telling you, these comedians out there,
they're sprouting up like a disease in a laboratory, you know?
Like in our kitchen in the WI-NZ cafeteria.
Twenty-four minutes before 12 at Winds,
we have an open line in Broward, 764-0707.
I want you to call everybody you know.
And if you don't know anybody like that young guy from Danya,
who had the sword in his hand,
that young guy ought to just pick up the telephone book
and start like A, you know, like under triple A towing,
and start from A to Z, call everybody in town,
and tell them to turn on WI-NZ and the Aronjas,
because after the new news, we've got this exclusive.
And you know if it's from Frank Lekano,
it's got to be great, because he's a for real musician.
He's not one of these fakers who comes along, you know,
and pretend like Mike Miller, your cheet-hard.
I mean, that was about as funny as terminal cancer.
You know Mike, that was pathetic, but this is going to be great.
The business of the...
Jim Gilmore, the 40 at WI-NZ and the Aronjas,
here are any so should be along from two to seven.
Mike's been dealt with him our morning follows I were ever to 10,
and then of course tomorrow afternoon, it's Marshall Moore,
to help all those shleppers in our audience
rub a couple of coins together and try to make a million, right?
Okay, let's go to Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Yes, Neil.
I think that the FCC rulings probably
about the most dangerous thing that I've heard over your show
in the last couple months.
And I was having a problem with deciding how the newspapers
and radio stations were going to cover the cockpit
arrest last week with Southwest Miami.
Yeah.
It was very...
It's touching go there for a minute.
I was wondering whether you could do a simulated play by play
on a cockpit for it.
No way, sir.
No way.
No way, Jose.
No way.
I was also wondering whether if you would have come out supporting
the Miami-Herald together morning, whether Mike Miller
would have come out blasting them.
Probably.
And I have a restaurant for you in West Broward,
apparently you're looking for one there.
The word is desperate, I think, is the word you're searching for.
There's a real nice new restaurant called the La Cocuna Grill,
which is on Pine Island and open part full of art.
Are they open now?
They're open now.
They must have just opened.
Right, about a week or two ago.
And I like mesquite grilled fish and other things like that
that in a nice setting and not...
That's right, over by Mr. Lee's.
Not in reasonable prices.
And I found it to be nice.
Okay, I know exactly where it is, I'll give it a try.
And the one more thing, and I'm just wondering whether people are more concerned
in this country, whether the president's stealing $10 million
or Mr. Hart has his pants off.
Oh, hey, it's not even a contest.
They don't give it then.
The president can lie.
Our money can disappear.
Nobody gives a damn about anything.
We can do business with terrorists.
We can give them the money that they can plot to blow up the Marines.
We can do any damn thing we want.
But God forbid, in this ridiculous juvenile society today
that some God gets caught with his pants down, and that's it.
I mean, this president has taken our tax dollars,
which we paid for military hardware, whether it should be paid for that or not.
It's another question.
But he's taken his military heart, where did I pay for what you paid for?
And he sold it to Iran, and he's taken money from that sale
out of trust or out of escrow, and he's given it to these people
in South America who are doing things.
Most of the people in this country don't care for them.
Not only that, but 10 million of it disappeared.
We don't even know where that is.
Well, that's in the pocket of his friend.
That's the Republican pre-do.
Yeah.
In action.
And then, of course, we find out that Oli North was diverting a lot of those funds
in order to help partisan political campaigns for the right wingers here in this country,
which again is patently illegal, but nobody seems to care about that.
Talking to a friend last night about this, and he's saying he brings up Lyndon Johnson
as somebody who was a great politician in Wheeler Dealer.
I said, there's one difference between these turkeys and the Nixon types
and Lyndon Johnson.
I said, Lyndon Johnson, he may have twisted every arm in Congress
to get the money legally to support the conscience or whoever he wanted to support.
And he did, for the Vietnam War.
But he would never, he would have done it legally.
He would have done it within the system.
He'd have done it with law rolling.
He would have done it with politics.
I don't agree with you.
Lyndon Johnson was a crook.
I don't think he would have done it.
Now, Lyndon Johnson was a crook.
He got elected first time to Congress by stuffing the ballot box in Texas.
Did you know that?
Well, I mean, I know it's like a Dick Daly syndrome.
They had dead people voting several times.
Even still more of an in-the-system policy.
These people don't care about the system.
Yeah.
They just want to steal the money.
Well, you know, the right, as I said the other day,
the people on the right realized they're losing their grip in an year and a half
and slipping away.
They're losing their total credibility.
And they haven't got a chance in hell of winning the election next year.
And so now they're desperate.
And this is just part one of Dirty Tricks, part two.
That's all.
The thing with Gary Hart's just the beginning.
I wish the Democrats would come up with somebody.
What's the fellow's name?
Who was the senator from New Jersey?
Former basketball.
Bill Bradley.
Bill Bradley.
Have not heard him rumored at all.
I think he'd be a terrific candidate.
No, too smart for the American public.
He'd be another Adelaide Stevenson.
I think the answer is still as Mario Cuomo.
I think they're going to drag him out of the closet because, you know,
you look at the rest.
I like Joe Biden.
I think he's a good guy, but nobody knows who the hell he is.
I think Bradley would have the charisma and the brains and could do it and would be honest.
I think he'd be a terrific candidate, but I've never heard his name mention anything.
Well, why not?
We've already got one president who dribbles.
So let's get another one.
Got it.
Okay.
See you later.
16 before noon.
I, we're going to say, you know, we need to present it with balls and Bill Bradley would fit that category.
That would be something, right?
I mean, why not?
That's, that's getting to be the nature of the whole campaign in America today.
And we can't seem to make up our minds what we want.
We want a macho president.
We want a guy who's virile, but who just, I guess, talks about it a lot.
Never does it.
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, I'm maybe.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've been listening to this conversation and all, and this is what I want to talk about.
You know, we have, like you say, the people are more honest, they're stupid.
They want to worry about hot, about the pavement or hot.
To me, that's all garbage.
Yeah.
It is.
It's not they worry so much about what's going to happen.
Not a room, just country.
They're going to give them another year to room more.
I say one thing that the people get up there and get them resigned or get them in peace.
This is what we have to do.
Not worry so much about hot.
Let's get everybody out here.
More publicity.
Get that goddamn president the hell out of there.
We don't need that bump.
Okay.
I gather he doesn't like the president.
It's 11.
11.45 at WINZ and we have an open line in Dade.
624-0191.
I mean, it's pathetic.
You know, the American people are just a turnjello brain.
I've been telling you about it for years now and you watch it and all of a sudden we went into this quick swandive.
It seems the last year or two.
And like the national inquirer has just taken over the whole ballgame.
I mean, there's no such thing as legitimate journalism anymore.
And even the Washington Post and the New York Times are defending.
This grotesque smear on a part of the hell where they just slap a bunch of innuendo on the front page and headlines.
And they ruin people's careers and they ruin their lives.
And they, you know, that's great journalism.
Great investigative reporting.
Miami, hello.
Hello, Leo.
Yes.
Yeah, I'm calling up so far campaign.
Today I went by to drop a contribution off and I have 26 signatures so far and they've come to me in the gate.
So I guess I may all men to you on Monday.
Okay, yeah, we can't, we just can't do it on a weekend.
Okay, I'll send my wife and listening for the first time today.
I want to know if maybe give me a favor and play my wife left town with a banana for her.
My wife left town with a banana wife.
Is your wife been waiting a banana at you today?
I don't know.
Or is she got, if you just don't have the appeal that you used to have, huh?
I'll find out.
Okay, have a nice weekend.
Thanks for your help.
Okay.
My wife left town with a banana.
Come on.
The wife left town with a banana.
Love's a rotten deal.
Found that young devil hiding in her purse.
He's cold and he's hard but he's got a peo.
I hope it never happens to you.
Some fruit breaks your marriage into.
My wife left town with a banana.
My baby's sit by my way.
Oh!
A wife left town with a banana.
I'm a jealous man.
She found a six inch Latin lover.
Now she does the tango with her right hand.
And right now I could just die.
He's eating my banana cream pie.
My wife left town with a banana.
My baby's slipping.
My baby's slipping.
My baby's slipping away.
12 minutes before noon at WINZ, we do have a couple of open lines now.
I guess they all got their bananas out.
In Dade County, 624-0191.
And there's an open line in Broward.
If you move quickly now, 764.
Let's psych him out.
764-0707.
Stock driver moves presents the olive.
No.
And it's before noon.
I was thinking that since heart to heart is the name of the song we're going to play,
maybe we could get Robert Wagner to one for president.
But then they'd have to find out what happened to his ex-wife.
What was her name?
The one that died on the boat?
Remember that Natalie Wood, wasn't it?
Yeah, they'd have to do a big investigation into that.
South Miami, hello.
Yeah.
Hi.
Hi, how you doing now?
Okay.
It's delayed at culture.
The two things, a couple weeks ago, I want to bullshit with you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How you doing?
What happened in a couple weeks, hasn't it?
It's just unbelievable.
I know.
Listen, I have a couple of points.
I have a couple of things I wanted to talk over with you.
Did you know that, of course you know that Justin Jackson is now leading in the Democratic
poll.
What does that tell you?
I know.
That's just what I was going to ask.
And he's only got 3%.
For the week.
Yeah.
And I was listening to Daffy show yesterday in the afternoon and she said how she thought
that this would work in reverse for her.
You know, it would make him more popular in it.
Oh, yeah, right.
Yeah.
She said she had such a brilliant, you know, original idea.
I had only thought about that about 10 o'clock that, you know, that same morning.
And listen.
What about this guy?
I have the article in front of me, you know, the hell that I buy occasionally.
So, what about this guy, Secretary of State Elliott Abrams, who gave this Sultan character
the wrong account number?
Yeah, for the 10 million, yeah.
Well, it was a 6 instead of 7, a 6.
You know, but it's only 10 million you're mucking around with.
You're not going to be real careful.
Actually, don't you think?
Give him a year analysis.
I'd like to see what kind of drugs he's on.
Yeah, well, he may have had a little piece of William Casey's brain
and he said when he did that, because they've spread it around.
I guess so.
Also, what else?
I have a few names for what we call our call tick, call tick, the Reagan, Reaganomics,
Reagan addicts, and Reagan addicts.
Are those three?
Did they fit okay?
Great.
Yeah.
Okay, listen, I'll go.
You can get Reagan together with Elron Hubbard, with Dionetics and Reagan addicts.
Exactly.
Okay, I'll get to somebody.
I have to take care of somebody here.
I'm calling you for work.
So, I'll...
Okay.
You have a good day.
Keep it up.
Okay, you too.
All right, call you again.
Bye-bye.
Bye now.
Six minutes before noon at W1Z, Elron Hubbard of course gave new meaning to the word
Dionetics.
Literally.
I still can't believe that there are radio and TV stations that run that crap.
You know, the cell-ed book and peddle the cassette tapes into...
I mean, you talk about desperate.
You talk about total lack of conscience.
And maybe we can run Elron Hubbard.
I mean, we've already got one dead guy in a white house propped up in the chair.
We'll just stop him.
Miami, hello.
Terrific.
There he goes.
Was that good or what?
Is that incredible?
I mean, that was excellent.
Five minutes before 12th W-I-N-Z.
I mean, that was so great that I'm just overwhelmed by it.
I don't even know what to say.
That sounded exactly like Dick Capen.
Pompano, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
That voice is so wonderful.
Every day and that was rather nasty, called out.
Well, it didn't get on the air, man.
Don't panic.
It didn't get on the air.
Oh.
Um, what I was going to say, I think, getting hard actually,
is more to be admired than criticized,
because how many of the past questions that I haven't mentioned
were also having a pass while they were in office?
Yeah. Well, we've already been through that.
I mean, there's so many that we can't even keep track of them.
And nobody cared then and nobody should care now.
No. I really admire him for backing out.
So to speak.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
Have a nice day.
You too. Have a great one.
And a very happy Mother's Day to all the mothers in the W-I-N-Z list.
And a very interesting audience, including the one who called just before that nice lady.
Well, he was incredible.
The Miami Hero says, blank you.
I mean, that was good.
That was right to the point.
One thing I like is colors who really get right to it.
Don't beat around the bush and waste a lot of time.
Or is they doing the hero?
Don't beat around in the bushes.
Boy, I don't know what it is this morning, man.
It's another one of those wild Saturdays.
What the hell did Glenn Hill do to these people this morning?
This because he was talking about beer early in the morning and got half the audience on the sauce.
I mean, that's no excuse.
They have really been just not in the interesting part of it as I haven't done anything here.
I mean, this has been a very mild show today.
And I'll forget next Saturday our entire four-hour show.
We're going to have a cast of thousands here, Bill Tanner and Greg Budell,
Chi Michael McKay, Jeff Gonser and Jeff Chase from our own FM,
Irene Richard from Gloves 94.
And we're going to be doing the whole show for our so far campaign.
We're going to try to get as much of the media here.
And that's really going to be the big push.
That'll be the day after our ad comes out in USA today and next Friday with the coupon.
And of course, the one nice thing about USA today in addition to all the nice bright colors,
the blinding colors, is the fact that they don't publish on the weekend.
So the Friday edition stays in the coin box, is all weekend long, three days.
So we can certainly pump all over South Florida, at least, for people to go out and pick up the USA today
and put that coupon.
And of course, it'll reach all over the country.
So we're going to finally get on the map with so far next Friday.
But don't forget now we need more of your contributions.
We really do these next few days.
This weekend is the time.
If you're going to spring loose with five or ten or fifty or hundred bucks, do it now, please.
Because we really need to cover the expense of this $4,700 ad.
Make the checks or money orders out to so far, SOFAR.
And mail them to so far PO Box 2214.
Miami, Florida 33055.
I mean, it's only the first amendment.
You know, it's only freedom of speech that we're trying to defend, little minor things like that.
And nip all of this fascism in the bud.
So far PO Box 2214.
Miami.
And the zip code is 33055.
Okay.
And again, Arlene Ross is back.
Go for more punishment with the headlines, world news from CBS at noon.
And then when we come back in the noon hour, we have a WINZ exclusive.
Not only will we be hearing from the magnificent seven at the diplomat mall in the next hour,
but we're going to have heart to heart by Frank Ex-Locanto.
I mean, it's going to be so good that it's going to make here grow in places you wouldn't believe.
If you think following Neil Rogers is a tough act, tune in tough Taffy McCallum.
She follows Neil weekdays 2-4 on WINZ, Miami, Fort Lauderdale.
So this isn't going to be one of those silly comedy cuts that a lot of you would have been expecting, right?
I'm sure there'll be plenty of those that are coming out, including some that some of us have already heard,
which on a scale of zero were minus infinity.
But this is an honest agonist for real.
This could be climbing the country charts by the end of the week.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm not going to be here.
The other day, too, as I was very guest today, to talk to a group of North Day judges and attorneys about the subcensity issue on the radio,
which most of them, by the way, are very opposed to the FCC's presence stand on it.
In one of the trade press things that comes out of that today, radio and records, the new addition, McKinney has elaborated just as he did on your show on some of what he intends to do regarding this.
I thought you might be interested.
This is, and I'm quoting, I will caution you that the first actions we took here, in fact, were only warnings because we thought they might not be an understanding out there as to what we intend.
The next actions may well not be warnings.
The next actions could be forfeiture's first offense or revocation if it's severe enough.
There's nothing that requires us to give you a warning before we take a harsher action.
Normally, we'll not use a sledgehammer if a tack hammer will do, but I don't want you to think that everybody has one free pass, not so.
Also, don't forget the fact that a warning in your file at renewal time can be extremely damaging.
He was talking to the National Public Radio Conference last Thursday.
Isn't that great?
He says, just because indecent words are within the lyrics of a song does not make it a song that is acceptable.
The song can still be indecent. It can be within Chakowsky.
Oh, beautiful.
But it's still indecent.
Isn't that great?
And he says one more thing.
Certainly, the actions of the commission have chilled speech, he admitted.
But it does not alter the situation.
The commission is very much aware that it's walking an extremely tight rope.
Well, now, how? Isn't that?
Isn't that incredible?
I mean, talk about it.
It's still in warning. The great intimidating.
You know, this guy must be running around here feeling so macho.
He's got everybody trembling and not only that, they don't even tell us what the rules are.
Oh.
Unbelievable.
Well, that's the latest and that's why folks, you get out there and sign those petitions.
We talked to him yesterday in the North A group said, Ernie Soachin, and I was saying,
hey, there's something you can do about it.
And the interesting part is the majority of the judges and attorneys were there
fully understood the dismal implications of this whole thing,
much more than the average person listening me.
Yeah. Well, I hope those judges and those attorneys have got all that dough
are going to put their money where their mouth is and send us in a check this weekend.
And that's the truth.
You bet.
All right. Just don't touch your word about that.
Okay. Thanks. See you next Saturday.
I'll look forward to it.
Bye-bye.
Isn't that great? So Jim McKinney, the radio terrorizer now running around
with these warnings, just as he did with me a few Fridays ago and we had them on the air.
You know, not only are we warning how it's still we're warning you too, Neil.
We're warning everybody.
The only problem is we don't even know what the hell they're warning us.
You know, they're just warning.
We got to get that guy who's due to those promos.
Warning!
From the FCC.
Boy, they're nuts.
They just gone off the deep end.
Let me give the address again if you want to help out.
If you want to send your name and address in or also hopefully send us a check for that major newspaper ad in USA
today next Friday.
So far, that's save our first amendment rights.
PO Box 2214.
Miami 33055.
We have one open line in Dade County if you want to join us this afternoon.
624-0191.
Let's go to Hollywood. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I'm calling because you said we don't care.
I care.
I care real, real, real, real much about what's going on in the world around us today and in reference to Gary Hart.
I don't like him as a person.
I would have never voted to him whether he, whether he, no matter what he had done.
I don't like what the media has done to him.
I think it's very unfair.
But it raises the question.
He welcomed this problem.
I think that he possibly did it to maybe draw attention away from himself and he got caught red handed.
He is no better or no worse than all the rest of them.
They're all slime suckers.
They're all doing it.
It's just a matter of...
Well, wait a minute.
What do you mean they're all slime suckers?
What is that supposed to mean?
They're all disgusting.
All men are disgusting.
Is that what you're saying?
All politicians are liars and thieves.
That's what I feel.
I don't even consult the media because I find it such an inequitous system that it's basically just one person's opinion.
And I don't even consider it to be truthful to the time and that's all inclusive.
Television with the exception of possible radio and especially the newspaper.
And now I find it especially upsetting because I am being forced to read the Miami Hill.
I recently enrolled back in school and one of my professors is making us cut out the front page every morning and critique it.
Oh, that's great.
I know.
I have to subscribe to the paper if I want to pass the course.
And I got into a big heated argument yesterday.
I was attacked by a bunch of foaming yuppie puppies when I suggested that possibly.
Gary Hart was showing his tumor fiber.
And what is wrong with wanting to have high ideals and high standards?
Well, first of all, high ideals and high standards has got nothing to do with what people are doing in their bedrooms.
It isn't anybody's business and it's as well as well as Bitcoin.
I don't think there's anybody in America today who's going to think any less historically of Thomas Jefferson
because of his personal life or any less of Dwight Eisenhower or FDR.
These are things that have been going on since the beginning of this country.
And people have been adult enough to understand that it's really nobody else's business who people are sleeping with.
As long as they're not hurting anybody.
And again, we've got all of these pressing problems in the world.
And nobody cares about poverty.
And nobody cares about nuclear weapons.
And nobody cares about disease.
And nobody cares about the things that really count.
But we have to have this higher moral standard of making sure that everybody's keeping their zippers if tough.
I mean, what are we really talking about?
There's nothing to do with sexuality. You're missing the point.
First of all, I don't care what he does with his sex life.
That is his private business.
Okay?
It has nothing to do with anything.
What he does is truly his own personal business.
But the thing is, is that this is an sort of a look into his character.
And I try to show this to my professor.
It's not a look into his character at all.
I consult a psychologist.
And I ask him, I call him up.
And I explain to him, I want it in a opinion.
I didn't want to feel that, you know, maybe I'm wrong.
But he said, if a person flies, he's going to lie again.
Okay?
But wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
He was asked at a press conference.
He is fluent.
Lam, can I say something to you?
He was asked a couple of nights ago a disgusting question in New Hampshire at a press conference.
Have you ever committed adultery?
And he refused to answer the question.
Now, he could have said no, he could have lied, but he didn't.
He said it's not an appropriate question.
I'm not going to answer it.
It's not an appropriate question.
Yeah.
And neither is any of this other thing.
The hell running around like a bunch of lawyers is not appropriate.
And I don't think that people sex live necessarily show anything about their character.
I grant you, we changed his name.
And I grant you, he owed all of this money from his last campaign.
And I never liked Gary Hart in the first place.
I think he's a superficial nothing.
But that's not the point.
Gary Hart isn't the issue.
The issue is whether the people in the press have the right to go spying on people
and each dropping and snooping around, you know, sticking their noses into their private lives
and then smearing in you window all over the front page.
That woman could, you know, it's unlikely, but she could have gone out the back door while they weren't there.
They don't even know.
I ain't at any time.
I ain't at any time.
They don't know what went on inside that townhouse.
No, I agree with you.
I agree with you.
The point I'm trying to make is that he had an opportunity with an at first 24-hour period.
To rectify himself.
And he took...
Oh, there was no way to rectify himself.
I mean, they refused to wait to print the story.
He asked them to wait.
And they were in a big hurry because you don't understand the way the media works, do you?
In other words, they got to get the jump.
They have to get the jump on everybody else.
And most of the responsible people in journalism now are...
That's their main criticism.
Why did they have to...
Where they had such a big hurry?
Why couldn't they get all their facts together?
You know, before they had to go and splashed us all over the front page.
That's the way it always was with the media.
It's over.
Well, but that doesn't make it right.
Oh, it is not right.
It is not right.
But you know, I think people need to understand that if you are going to be in the public eye,
this is all part of it.
It's not right.
It's not right.
Well, so in other words, don't get caught.
I'm just saying it makes me very doubtful about this individual's character.
I would...
Well, but then what...
I don't know what you're screaming about.
I don't debate it.
I don't debate it.
No, I don't want to find out who he's sleeping with.
I mean, okay, Adios have a nice day, but you're screaming, getting hysterical,
and the bottom line is, I don't think she likes men to begin with.
Because all these politicians are all slime balls, and you know, you could pick that up in a conversation.
They're all liars, and they're all disgusting.
And I think basically she's got a certain problem there.
But I'll call a psychiatrist to find out.
Right?
Right, Arlene?
We know all men are slime balls, right?
No?
Okay.
Ron Harrison, who is definitely not a slime ball.
In the WINZ, we have two open lines.
You're both in Dade County, 624-0191.
624-0191.
What caused to those lines to open up?
Was it the song or Ron Harrison?
Only kidding, Ron.
Don't get panicking now.
Bokeh, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
I've been listening to you for quite a few days, whenever I can get a chance, and I do like your program.
I want to say you've been blaming the media for this hard thing.
And I wonder if it doesn't go deeper than that.
What if the whole country is sick in a way?
Because if the people weren't that interested in it, that's the only way of self-respect.
Wait a minute, you're wrong, sir.
That's what I've said.
I said the media is giving the public exactly what they want.
That's why the inquirer sell 17 million copies every week.
Because the people of this country, most of them are morons, sir.
They're morons, and they're only interested in a lot of nonsense, and a lot of bedroom talk,
and a lot of gutter speculation.
That's all they care about, and they're too stupid to really understand what the issues are,
much less be concerned with them.
Yeah, what gets me is that this just seems to have pushed a lot of the investigations into this counter thing,
right off the front page.
Exactly, and not by accident, either.
Not by accident.
No, and I travel in South and Central America a lot, and I'm appalled that this war in Nicaragua.
I don't know whether you had an opportunity to see that television special.
I think it was a week or two ago, and it was entitled The War in Nicaragua.
That was enough to make your cry, you know.
I mean, I think that this business against the Communist in Nicaragua,
which reminds me of the Catholic fighting the Protestants of Middle Ages.
You know, label a guy communist, and that gives you the right to kill him.
Well, the problem is nobody cares.
We just had an American civilian who died down there last week.
Nobody cares.
Everybody's forgotten about the hostages.
Nobody even remembers that they're there anymore.
In fact, nobody even remembers Terry Wait.
If you recall, there was a period of time when every day on CNN and all the newscast,
we were hearing about the Anglican Unvoid Terry Wait and the negotiations to free the hostages.
Now, not only don't we know where the hell he is, we don't even care anymore.
Yeah, well, that's typical.
I mean, things are on the front page for a little while, and then they disappear.
I've written to Micah, who, as you know, voted for the Contra 8.
I presume because he has a lot of Cubans who vote for him, and they're very right wing.
And, you know, try to explain things.
Well, wait a minute. Let me ask you.
Why would Dan Micah have a lot of Cubans in his constituency?
Dan Micah is from, his district is mostly in Palm Beach County, and a little bit of Broward.
Well, I can't. I mean, that's the only reason I can possibly give for a Democrat going along with this war.
I mean, can you think of another reason?
No.
You know, I mean...
No, I can't, but that's not the reason, but I can't think of a legitimate reason.
What they're doing is, in essence, they're killing innocent women and children and...
But you're forgetting the timing, too, and you're forgetting the intimidation factor with Pat Buchanan and all the other right wingers who were saying that anybody who voted against A to the Contra was a commie sympathizer and was eating and abetting the communist.
Don't you remember all that?
Sure, and doesn't that make you think of a war between the Catholic and the Protestants?
Well...
So the point is, though, you're beating a dead horse because the American public doesn't give a damn about that, and they don't care about the fact that we have millions of homeless starving people right here in this country, and that we have an epidemic of AIDS, and that we have massive ignorance, and nobody cares about the things that they ought to care about, and I can't sit here and force feed this audience, and nobody anywhere can sit and force feed, and because the people in the media, primarily we are prostitutes, or in business to make a profit, we are going to give the public whatever we know will sell.
Okay?
So what sells right now, then?
What sells now is foolishness, and in you window and sex, sex is what sells in this country, sir?
And do you see any change coming along?
Yeah, I see it getting a lot worse before it gets any better.
Everything's on sale this week at Subliminal!
Yes, Subliminal is your place for value. All men's clothing is half off.
Church, trousers, briefs, mic down 10%, 20%, even 30%, only the finest clothing, whatever you want, whatever you need.
We've got Subliminal, the only department store that really turns you on, but you'll never know why.
That's America folks, Zion America is they say in China.
That's it right there. We pedal everything with sex, we're obsessed with sex.
I think most people in this country just start getting enough, that's the problem.
Or else maybe because of the AIDS epidemic, we're so damn petrified at doing it now, all we want to do is read about it and see it, but I don't think so.
Because this has been going on for a long time.
And it's not only America, the British are even worse. I mean, the British are just obsessed.
I remember all that business about Prince Andrew and how about Prince Charlie, he and Prince Andrew together.
And who's the other one, Prince Princess Edward? We can't even keep track of all of them, all the British queens.
It's unbelievable, just incredible what this world has degenerated into and I do mean degenerated.
It's insane.
Anybody who could get excited about Gary Hart having sex with anybody, first of all, has got to really be desperate.
Like Tom Fieler and Jim McGee. You see Jim McGee? I mean, that guy is like a walking pimple.
Really, he's got so much acne, if he squeezed his head it would just disappear. He just have shoulders there. There'd be nothing left.
Just got a giant zit on the top of his neck. It's an enormous black head.
I shouldn't say that. Taffy's over at the mall, she get all upset.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward, 764-0707. 764-0707. I mean, you talk about neurofiddling while Rome is burning.
That's what this whole country is up to right now. The media can yank you people around by the nose. It's unbelievable.
Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes.
You know, I haven't heard anybody mention anything about Gary Hart's wife.
I personally don't care about Gary Hart whether he did whether he didn't, whether it's right, whether it's Rome.
What about his children? Wait just a minute. I want to get to that.
I sat here the other night when she made her first appearance in her speech.
Whether she was lying or not didn't make any difference to me. I just sat here and I said, you know, God, I expect this lady.
You were talking about balls before. Now this lady has them.
Yeah, which is pretty interesting. Not only what she has gone through, but my God, Neil, what is this woman going to go through in the future?
Every day they're bringing up some little new thing. I don't care. You've got the guy meeting alone.
Well, they're not satisfied with that. I mean, you know, the hair, I'll guarantee it. I'll guarantee it tomorrow, which will make eight days since this thing started with the hair.
It'll still be on the front page. You mark my words.
Oh, I know. I know the big Sunday paper.
I don't think they're after, but you know, I just can't get back to saying I was an absolute amazement when I sat and watched her.
And I was watching her mountain, her eyes. I mean, composed, ladylike.
And I don't feel sorry for her. I respect the hell out of her.
Okay. All right, now. Thanks for calling. See, the hero doesn't care.
And most of the people in the print media don't care. And that's why I keep going back to that ridiculous, heralded tutorial about the FCC ruling.
And how Tanner calls and tells us that Jim McKinney's running around, you know, playing Mr. Macho and threatening everybody.
And if we put a warning in your file, you're in big trouble. And the first warning could be the last way you know, and all this other garbage.
The great intimidating up there now. But see, unfortunately, the press, the print media, they have nobody. They have to answer to.
They can do any damn thing they want. Unbelievable. So it's very easy for the hero to say, oh, yes, we support this.
And this is great. And let's get the smud off the radio and all the sexual innuendo. And let's help to determine the guidelines for good taste.
And then they smear the front page day after day after day with nothing but sexual innuendo.
That's what the whole thing has been. It's been innuendo. And you know, the destroyer guys, political career, which he has to take a lot of the blame for.
But as this lady points out, destroying his family, destroying everybody around him. But don't confuse the people at the Harold with that.
And I again, for the umpteenth time mentioned at episode about 10 years ago when they put that horrible story in the local section, in the date section of the Harold exposing all of those johns that were rounded up on Biscayne Boulevard with the decoy prostitutes, with their names and their addresses.
We had one was assistant principal and one was a bank vice president and it was just pathetic. Just pathetic.
And to talk to the wife of one of those guys on the phone is I did that afternoon and listen to her crying on the phone wondering if her husband would ever show up again.
And then of course some of you wonderful compassionate people in the audience would say, oh, well, you know, it's his own fault if he didn't do it. He wouldn't have gotten caught.
You know, again, these terrible crimes of humanity, somebody who's you know, whatever this we don't even know what the circumstances are. Somebody wants to go out and get laid right away. Everybody's going to have a nervous breakdown.
Although, of course, everybody at the same time wants to read about it and get all the details. You know, how can it be so bad if everybody wants to know the details? That's the thing that I don't understand.
Why does everybody buy the inquire and the tatler and the star and read about how all these movie stars are sleeping with everybody, you know, allegedly from one week to the next with the different bed made.
And if it's so terrible and so grotesque and so disgusting, what the hell do we want to read about it for? And the reason is the reason most people want to read about it is because it's a tremendous turn on to them. They're getting vicarious thrills from reading about what other people are doing.
Unbelievable. 27 before 1 at WINZ. There's an open line in date. I can't believe it. 624-0191. And let's go to Kendall. Hello. Hello. How you doing? Okay. I got a new diet for you. The new heart diet. You eat rice three times a day. Yeah, we've heard that, sir. Okay. Thank you.
Pork fried rice. Very old. Hi, Alia. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yeah. Listen, you know, I agree with everything. I canceled my subscription to the herald. Not so much for the heart, but for that thing about the prostitutes and the Johns. I mean, the presidential thing that's debatable. Maybe, maybe they should. Maybe they shouldn't. But why don't they leave regular people alone? They ought to just leave regular people alone. Yeah. Okay, sir. Regular people. How about irregular people? People who have a BM once every six weeks.
Should they leave them alone or should we put the tidy bull police at the bottom of the bowl? Little miniature Tom Fiedler in a yellow raincoat with scuba gear on at the bottom of the bowl. Well, I'm looking up now. I got my little binoculars. There's nothing coming out.
Oh, surprise, Tom. Surprise. 26 before one at W I N C. We have an open line again in Dade County or is it two of them? I don't know. Dade is just they're going into a coma, but that's been nothing new. There's nobody who speaks English left and date anyway.
When it's time, days six, two, four, all one nine one is our number and date. Let's do another. Oh, wait a minute. We got to keep going back every break to the in other words, we got to do the break when they're ready. I'll screw them. You know what I'm saying? We don't do it that way on this show. In other words, if they're not on the line, well, let's do the other part of the break. And if they're ready when we come back, find if not the audio.
Okay, it's a 1236 at W I N C. Do I have somebody from the diplomat mall on line here or not? Oh, we have Ernie on the line. He finally got out from that pile of women.
The only reason I have the pile of women when everyone asked who I was, I said, I am Neil Rogers and you should have seen the mob. Everybody wanted to take a picture with Neil Rogers. So it is up. You want to see all the people down here. It's absolutely incredible. Young, vivacious, beautiful people with pretty clothes and everyone holding a flower. So come on on down to the diplomat mall. Have your picture taken. Tafi McAllem will be here soon. Von Harrison is hanging around. We're having a great time. Come on by and say hello.
Okay, thanks a lot, Ernie. 23 before one at W I N Z. Let's take out of the call now. Let's take a call from Cole Springs. Okay. How you doing? Hello? I knew. Yes. I enjoyed the dawn of my song. It was pretty good. Yeah, it was pretty good. You got in by it. Could you play that again for me? And after that, could you play the Vatican right? Wait a minute. Is this the request line? That's incredible.
You want two of them? Two for the price of none? You're going to do that for me? Am I going to do what for you? You're going to play that number? How about if we play the Vatican rag first? Would that be okay? Okay, that's fine. Thank you. Thanks so much for your call. Thank you. Have a wonderful weekend and a great, a great life.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello? Hello, Neil? Yes. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'm a driver from Fort Myers. I work for Hertz. And I drive up here two or three times a week and I've been listening to your program since the first of the year. Yeah, well, just remember, sir. It only hurts for a little while. I know it does.
But I'm sure glad to see you take your stand on this heart and that. That Oh far. I'll tell you that. I'm going to try to get out of this. Jack is back there to get on the ball about them. That stuff.
And I just want to tell you appreciate your program every time I come up here two or three times a week. I listen to you. Okay, thanks a lot. Okay, sir. You take care now. Yes, sir. Bye-bye.
16 before one at W I W I N Z. We have an open line in day. It's six to four. Oh, one nine one. Lauder, Dale Lakes. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. A first time caller. I'm going to be 70 years old pretty soon. But the reason I enjoy your show and can sympathize with the fall off.
The only thing that you have is that I think I have a sense of humor. And if the people that do listen, but only let that sense of humor that they were born with come to the four. Yeah, they would understand some of what you're trying to say. I agree hardly with you. That the average citizen is stupid and apacek and his own worst enemy.
Otherwise, everybody would be behind you and trying to help you stop the SEC on their attempt to agree. You are right. Yeah, well, the problem is most people in American only deal in personalities. They can't understand issues because they're too stupid. So they think everything's a personality contest. So there are a lot of people. Well, we'll get even with him. We'll show him a thing or two. And all of this other foolishness. And in the meantime, it's their rights that are slowly but surely being taken away from them. They're giving their rights away by the way.
Why not? Yeah, taking a stand and doing what you're doing. I did a year ago and I was successful on because the idiots that I was opposing thought I was stronger than I was. The people themselves are very strong. If they were only takes a mic, but they're dumb. Yeah, they're psychological whims. It's 14 before one. At wins. We have an open line in each county. What are we going to do? Do this till two o'clock again? Getting real nervous about the rest of the show.
Yeah, getting real nervous. They're all on their way to Gulfstream. Indeed. 624 0191. 624. We're going too fast. Oh, I'm sorry. 624.
624.
8191.
Hello.
Hello. Hello.
Hello. Am I on? Yes. I am. Yep.
All right. You sound so tired. It's the first time caller.
Okay. I'll take a little nap. Do you when you were on nights? Yes. And my radio goes for you every morning.
This is a month. No. What about all those actresses that I have in babies, but different people? Yeah. No father.
What about Nancy Davis, who was pregnant four months before she got married to Ronnie? More than that.
Right. Who cared about that? But I didn't notice the herald splashing that all over the front of the paper. No, no. They can't do that.
And what's the matter with that actress? I can't think of her name off. And this little shrimp actor.
He's going to she's going to she's going to be she's going to be his baby. All these actresses are having. Oh, yeah. Larry King.
Take share. Take Goldie. He's pairing Angie Dickinson's baby. Three different men. And they put out a movie and they coin money. People killed themselves in line to watch them.
We sure are going to help. Isn't it incredible? It is. I mean, you're what about your hypocrites here?
The FCC is worried about a few words on a radio and you turn on television and everybody's in the sack on dynasty and not slanding and
every one of those shows the cold bees falcon crest Dallas. That's all America every soap opera. It's all America wants to see is a bunch of young people
frollicking around in bed with each other. And in the meantime, you know, we're such hypocrites and Gary Hart gets caught with his pants down.
Let's destroy his whole family and smear it all over the front of the newspaper. And they do nothing about it. Can't you do nothing about it?
Well, you know, all we can do is cancel our subscription. That's what I did. That's what a lot of other people did.
All their papers. By a real real make believe newspaper like the New York Times. What a disaster. First day I get it.
Whole front page Gary Hart and then the lead editorial again in the times today under the moral microscope and they went out again.
Wimp out again. Just like I told you, when Reverend Moon got nailed by the IRS, all of those religious fakers who have been condemning him as a cultist, all of a sudden they all fell in love with him.
All came to Washington to testify and defensive him because they were all petrified that they were going to be next.
And so you know how they all close ranks boy when one of their own is under fire like the herald is now, all of these brilliant journalists, the Washington Post and the New York Times and all these other fakers.
Oh, yes, this is great journalism and part of our responsibility in the public's right to know the public's right to know all the smut that we can tell him. That's the bottom line.
All the in you window, all the smear tactics that we can come up with.
Let's have a front page article about Reagan's son on the arrow tomorrow. How's that on the ballet dancer?
Let's hear a little bit about that marriage of convenience or is it inconvenience? I guess it depends on who's looking at it right?
Let's hear a little more about the president and Ronnie Jr.
Wonder how close they've been all these years. The other son does the money thing to do with him, right? Great family man we've got up there.
How long was it before he saw his grandchild? Grandchild was 30 years old. He hadn't met him yet. Great family man.
Here's another great family man. Ron Harrison.
We love carriage hills.
Many for news when this is the time of year when everyone's a wee bit higher this day Colleen.
Would you be wanting to come over to my place to help me wax my shell?
Oh, now that I want my departure, if you be wet in the green.
Oh, I know there's a smart lassie. She's making sure her lad is wearing the Kelly Green protection of leprechaundoms.
Don't be risen on a folded clover. I'll file in for the gift of gab. Especially if you plan on kissing some blindy stones.
Here's what have you. Be doubly in your protection with leprechaundoms. They're strong enough for a man.
But I like them too. So, kick yourself a leprechaundom. And you won't be kissing anything else.
Won't you be my dawner rice? Take me off to paradise. I'm willing to pay the price for loving you.
You and me in happy times let them reach between the lines. Cause the force is vicious minds. Won't give me from you.
It's easy to say we shouldn't be here in this place. There's rules that govern everything we do.
I should know better, but you're such a pretty face. And I just can't get enough of you.
Won't you be my dawner rice? Take me off to paradise. I'm willing to pay the price for loving you.
You and me in happy times let them reach between the lines. Cause the force is vicious minds. Won't give me from you.
Yes, I'll be your dawner rice. And I'm willing to pay the price. It'll be like paradise loving you.
Our time will play again when the losing soul sings. Take the glory and the faint. Just keep me lucky.
Yes, I'll be your dawner rice. And I'm willing to pay the price. It'll be like paradise loving you.
Our time will play again when the losing soul sings. Take the glory and the faint. Just keep me lucky.
Look at Julia Child, this afternoon exclusively on the winds with her latest Chinese recipe. The pork and the rice. It will be 5pm. Straight up on winds.
Love me again. Our time will play again when the losing soul sings. Take the glory and the faint.
Okay, give it about a seven and a half. Let's go to Fort Myers. Hello. Yes, I'll be your dawner rice.
And I have a bunch of cheap skates over there. You believe that? Hey, I'm waiting for that record. It's a shorty to top it all off. Hey, listen, we don't need you focus in the Fort Myers. You know what I'm saying? You fakers?
Oh, everybody over here at Fort Myers and Naples. We all listen. It's great. Everybody over here. Yeah, we have a gut. You know, they might have mail. We've gotten from over there on our so far campaign.
You could put in a thimble and have room for the Chinese army left over. That's the kind of response we get from those brain dead people on the West Coast.
It's about time we stopped insulting the people in Dayton, Broward. They're the only ones who are even close to living, not quite, but close at least.
On the West Coast, they've been brain dead for 20 years over there talking about stir fried rice.
We have an open line in date County 624 0191.
624 0191. She's going to be our ambassador to China, by the way. Did you know that Donna writes? She is.
That's according to a Prime Minister Dung. We can't say that anymore on here either. Can we?
Okay, Arlene Ross is standing by. She's had enough of all of this. She wants to get serious and stop with all of this foolishness and the innuendo and all of this macabre business that goes on in the show.
She wants to bring back a degree of respectability to W. I. N. Z. Like the good old days when Dave Ryder was here before he made all that money.
When we were really boring around the clock, even when they had the dead area, you could always be sure the teletype would be in the background.
Remember when Gordon Shaw used to read the news? Huh? Teletype. Just teletype.
Hours at a time. Just turn it on. On you here was teletype. Anyway, Arlene is here with the headlines. World News from CBS at 1 o'clock, 106.
We might come back for our number four.
