We're just dead, he's full of tin we headed for the Hollywood freeway
But we had a lot of traffic and got stuck in a two hour delay
So we pulled out of disables and we dealt with the traffic in new way
We used our gunshots, guns, bullets, guns, and down the streets of the village
We were tied to tie the tie the piece of bread
When I tied the round I'd go out with two people dead
I could back立 at night with my fingers all splattered red
Little hundered like it was closed
And now I'm driving on the road
I want to shoot a hundred blast to pat off a road
With my hand just to shoot a hundred
Shoot a hundred, shoot a hundred, shoot a hundred
I'm dead, he splashed it off to the road
He said everybody had a man known all across the LA
It'll be pulling their guns out on the old freeway
And if you're firing a few weeks, what's in Champelay?
Everybody's going crazy, driving in a delay
You don't realize it, but we have
Jerry told us to work with him on a plan to treat people away from you
A plan that would include some of the partners and some organizations that they know about
She said, top Ms. Paul O'Hurley, her turnie Roy Grotman gave me this material
And they said that John Ankelberg, I think there's something a lot of people don't realize
Is that John Ankelberg was also working with Jimmy Swagger
Long before Jerry Paul even came to our home
Yes, Jerry got over the piece down in the back
That's right, it's his destroyer
And some of the people don't realize
And some of the ones that John Ankelberg have again
So, what we have seen John Ankelberg on fire network
I'm kind of the people on the air
Well because we received so many complaints that they were attacking
Fine men
Ministries and people
And we've felt that our network has people attacking people by now
Right, and so this was John Ankelberg
John Ankelberg, I think it's the truth for known
Many of the players in all of this have a reason behind it
And we've also about that on other days
If you have not heard this entire message, please hold on
It will repeat
Hello, this is Shannon
This is Jim, we're sure glad you called us today
Yes, I'm getting a chance to chat
Yes, there's a people I really like this
And the air means some of your questions
Yes
Speak to us
I just need it
Right first time on the front
Ah, right now, Smothered in Muckers' jelly
And you know, with a name like Muckers, it's God of the God
Now hold on a minute
With a name like Muckers, it's got to be got a f- what a clock
That makes no sense whatsoever
The only reason you believe it is because I sound so honest and folksy
Why I could be selling anything
It's all in the delivery
Watch
With a name like Kormaini, he's got to be good
There
Now don't you just feel like taking a hostage?
Of course you do
So next time, don't be so naive
Remember, with a name like TV advertising, we're up to no good
Okay
Okay, we have a little content
I think maybe we'll do it tomorrow
We're going to try to find the most homophobic old man in South Florida
And we have our first entry
It's not embarrassing enough, Joey, that all you got to talk about is me
For four hours every morning because you don't have any idea what this area is all about
You don't know plantation from Tamarack
But you know, the homophobia
And of course, I'm sure that Joey's going to get a lot of those quarter-houries
From all the gay population in South Florida, right?
They're going to really be writing his name down frantically
Yeah
Okay, well good luck to you, Joey
And you know, Buffalo is not bad, it's a little cold in the winter time
Did you see the weather by the way?
It's snow showers and...
It's on from Sicily
Okay, go ahead, the God-go-l
Hurry up with my eats, Mossy, I'm going bowling
Oh no, you're not, Jamie, did you forget what night is this?
No way, Mossy
No way, is your mother and those two evil step sisters coming over here tonight?
No, no, it's feel for a midnight with our idols
Dan needs your ne'er Rogers
Oh no, you don't
I am not sitting here while staying majors, undresses you with his lear and ingeerin
And that ne'er Rogers eats us at a house at home
Jamie, I mean so much to me and my sister
All right, all right, just this once
Hey, what happened to my bowling money?
Oh, oh that
Well, I forgot to tell you, the only way I can get them to come over was to bribe their agents
The bird, what with diamond night?
Yeah, it's just a lovely robe chain with his name engraved on it
Will Stan and Neil really eaginner over the evil home of Marcy and Jamie?
The last known personality to eat there was Lee Fowler
But he was never heard from again
They're here
Hey baby, you're the greatest
There they go, the Veele twins
It's 1060
Get my regards to Neil Rogers, telling that I've never heard a smuddy or program in my life
Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka, and a chain of radio stations
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago
Hi honey, how was your day?
Unbelievable
Terminal!
There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there
Alan Box is suffering from Neil Rogers disease
Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet?
But honey, we don't have straw to the herald
Oh no, that's a cop out
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just a known L-herald, sir
People afflicted with Neil Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings
What's the matter with you?
Blue hair don't bagged from femoral pines
You know, big Yemfas was like, oh Neil, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around stealing sweet and low
I guess you're anything
How about those bad boys at Wendy'sy?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look
I'm incredible
Neil Rogers disease of growing South Florida epidemic, please help us find a cure
Honey, it's Friday night, you know what that means
Hey, you know what I got a knot?
A knot?
What's the refower got?
Three points, nothing
Sting your packs to ductal by contributions today in care of hot 105
Herman, unfeelable
Unfeelable
Unfeelable
Unfeelable
Unfeelable
Okay, 10-oated
That's yours
The new Rogers and the Elation kit, here's how it works
Neil, almost at you I found last night in the produce section squeezing us
Take this, sometimes
So what's the matter with Doctor?
I've always speak to Neil Rogers, Neil Rogers, listen, let me ask you something
There's nobody in the audience
And then
The new Rogers and the Elation kit, protects you from utterly ridiculous phone calls
And now with the new Florida gun laws, you can carry your very own and the Elation kit right on your shoulder
So the next time someone steps up to you and says
Do something about it
New side of order, send your tax deductible donation pair of Neil Rogers, section 5, 12,
C43, Clubhouse, Pobleto Park, don't delay on it today, the new Rogers and Elation kit
One step closer to a Mondlest society
I'm...
Feeling it, feeling it, feeling it
It's seven...
This relax
Don't run away now
We're going, we're going, we're going
I'm a news, a news
Show me, bring us down
While I show, ready
I beg your pardon?
I sorry
I don't already
Buy your buyer
Back to Buffalo, Joey
I don't show
I don't show
I don't know
I don't know
Feel better now?
I can continue in my weekend, I can go to the temple
Now you have real reason to celebrate, John Kipper
All right, I'm going to do that, starting right now
I want to straighten one thing out by the way
He's there
Joey was not big in Buffalo, he was very big in Cheek, Tuwaga in North, Tana Wanda
But he was a bomb in Buffalo, okay?
I heard him there
Yeah
All right, okay, I still a big ol' Neil
I still a wago
I still a wago
Okay, I'll be there
I still a wago
I just got to win, spin the wheel again
Oven, I'll speak me a letter
Go, Oven, I'll be there
Go, Oven
Hey, you got to my face back
You got to win
Hey, they're yelling at me for it
Is it no writers?
All right, no writers
Forget the letter, man
Nothing better, why give you a moment?
You're a nickel plate of home game
That's me, a stick, a foreign, narrow plane
All right
I'm on the wheel of fortune game
I just love that sound
I'm in the borne of drown
Hey, by none, pick me a letter
Lose a turn, take back, lose it
And up in, pick me a letter
No one's got any better right, dreamable
You all right, that isn't over, man
By none, I don't need to stare
But are you wearing underwear?
Not for me to say
Anyway, I don't care how much money I got to spend
Can't stand to look, get back safe, jack again
Won't throw in the towers
Still, like by your bowels
Oven up, pick me a letter
Please, ven up, pick me a letter
All right, I made you big baby
Hey, they're picking up your key, take it
I'm not the one who asked to give me WMF my name
That's your government
All right, I think the top of the blender
The microwave, the refrigerator
Play man, fuck what do you mean?
500 dollars for a second, my five is affordable TV set
You got ripped off, man
My brother will not forget for your whole stay
Give me the money now by the TV set man
Right, everybody come on baby
Feel it, feel it, feel it, feel it
109 is WY
And it's the US
Tired of the same old restaurants
Try the cafeteria, centuria, Marvaya Lea
How much is that dole on the menu
The one with the barbecue tail
How much is that dole on the menu
I'm sure glad the chef out of jail
That's right, no matter what the weather's like outside
It's always raining cats and dogs
At the cafeteria, centuria of Haya Lea
We'll meet your stomach stop growling
And make your neighbor's pit bull stop doing the same thing
Talk about delicious
Mmm, mmm, your meal is always fresh
We kill it right on the premises
For a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price
It's the cafeteria, centuria
Try it once, you'll eat there religiously
How much is that dole on the menu
The one that is fried in deep fat
Please bring me this dog on the menu
And bring a side order of cats
Walk, run, or catch a greyhound
For the cafeteria, centuria of Haya Lea
Where we give new meetings of the word
Pet food
I'm in the ice cream store
I came before too at the W
New this wall, on sorry, a people's daily resume
It's a beautiful day for a commonit
Unless you're on the KGB list
You will do town in a thoughtman
New birthday slave labor
Hello boys and girls
This is Mr. Rogers
Welcome to my neighborhood scale
Oh, how about that's my Russian postman, called Red McPhaly
I tell me, you know, he's kind of a funny postman
She's here, not only does he deliver my name
He likes to open it too
So he gets he just kind of curious
Oh, sure
Red Rogers!
Oh, how Mr. sacred placement
Please do we call him with me
But why?
Can you say, crimes against states
I think, can you say, see, I spy
Oh, here
I'm on a score!
It does spedown you, boy finger
We need to be watching Mr. Rogers' neighborhood
He lives from Siberia
For next one years
Oh boy
Welcome to our neighborhood boys and girls
I want you to run the third floor to work
And you know, some of you guys out there
I'm sure you got a great sense of humor
But well, I win the 900 at Calder today
Good! Go spend it
Have a wonderful life but I don't want to hear about it
You know what I'm saying? I mean, I cast 85 tickets
And 13 races last night
And spill one up losing
Oh, I hit the big day today
Yeah, they never tell you when they lose
These mavens never were
Oh, no, they win every day
They win every day, how come they're walking around with stains on their shirt
You know what I mean?
Shame on you guys
Okay, we do have most of the line
There's one line not flashing in date
I can't believe it
You see your power is just, um, yeah right
It's all my diminishing
It is your fault, this has been your whole stick
Is that stinkin' movie you've been talking about?
Look at that, all the day lines are wide open
624, 9400 in date
Or anybody who watched stand by me
They have cable in date
With river Phoenix
And Will Wheaton
And Will, uh, what?
Wheaton
Richard Dreyfus? Yeah, and a cast of dozens of ugly young boys, that's right
Oh, there they go
Hollywood, good morning
Hey Neil, yes sir
That movie was total mums
Oh, no
Okay, well he got a little carry away
Good call
No, he got all I see, in other words, now we're gonna rip the people that disagree with you, is that it? No
Palindale, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay
Super sucks
I beg your pardon?
That was the worst move I ever saw
That's what I thought you said, I just wanted you to elaborate a little bit
The worst, the worst, the absolute worst movie you ever saw
I only had 13 years and I still fell asleep
You've gone on a floor yet?
What do you mean, is he on a floor yet? That's where he started
You come out as a kick-commod that you can't trust his reviews anymore
What do you have to say to that? Oh, we never heard his review anyway, sir
What do you have to say to that?
I say that the man was drunk and passed out and didn't see him in the movie and has no idea what it was about
I tell you the best part of me was when I thought of dead body, but they should have had a mangled up or something
It's so boring
Now we see what the man really wanted to
Of course, he didn't get any violence
He didn't get any, like most of the western was dead
Okay, sir, excellent, excellent review, thank you
This is the way we like it, honesty is foremost on this show
Roodle honesty, even when it hurts, yeah, huh?
Like I think the operative word, well we can only repeat one of the two where it's in the first two calls
But I think sucks, yeah, seems to be the operative word for that horrible movie
Right, Fort Lauderdale, hello
Fort Lauderdale, good morning
Uh, Bird, I have to agree with you
I don't have home box office, so I went out and read the movie so I can do my homework over the weekend and I loved it
Well, this is Fort Lauderdale
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
All the other indistribable stuff on the bottom of the ship is mung with the barnacles.
I have friends looking for that word and it is a great word.
It comes into play almost every day in your life.
Yes it does.
You'll find mung situations and mung people and mung brains and mung birds.
These species by the way, the mung bird.
Hey, so it's not a dictionary but it's a word.
It is.
It will be in the dictionary.
It will be soon.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Watch for a de-uniris, Walden books and all the other favorite news, Dan.
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, so it's really tight now, on two to two.
All right.
It's a shame on those of you who didn't have anything better to do on a Saturday night at eight o'clock than watching some stupid movie.
Hey, listen.
That's what this town's all about.
I mean, most exciting thing in town to do is go to the ice cream store.
What does that say?
But we're being realistic and watch Joey Cash's Social Security checks.
I mean, let's get serious.
Okay, we have a couple of open lines.
Well, I don't think this, well, there's one open line in the row.
There is five, two, four, nine, four hundred.
Okay.
I want to keep them all filled up so at least to have the pre-
we're not going to do this for too long because obviously it's terminal.
Kendall, hello.
Hello.
Oh, yes sir.
Well, I have to say about the only thing that sets up that thing where it leaches.
Yeah, that's a very good point.
Excellent point.
I thought it was a good movie.
I'd rate that with about three cons or three beats.
Three beats?
Yes, that's stars.
A three-beaker.
It's a very good rating.
You know, you know, on EOS, birds with other habits locked together,
so something where in the hammocks was very good.
There's very little Australian mung birds, that new species.
Well, you know, the day of twat last Saturday there was a bunch of birds
just flying all over the hammocks over here and it was led by Wells Glenn.
Well, it's winter, right?
Getting into winter.
Hey, she went with the middle.
It was like the blind lead in the blind there.
I thought Tippy Hedren was hanging around there too.
I saw those birds.
How about a good movie?
Really was.
You have to think about this.
It was done mostly with all child actors.
Yeah.
Well, there's some people in the children and that's I guess what we're finding out
is this pole goes along.
It's serious.
That's why I was not particularly enthused about it because I'm not in the little kid.
Unlike some of my colleagues.
Well, no, no, no, it really was a good movie and the fact that they had the whole movie
just by, you know, the cell is acting and it was really filmed on.
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey, I got one more thing for you.
The NSA a couple weeks ago you were calling in the band the bird.
Yeah, well, that's a long time ago.
Yeah, I know, I'm going with that with that tower.
But I thought of something else, Glenn.
I got some buttons just thickets made up and it said beautiful stalls and bird.
That's good.
All right, Glenn, take care, guys.
Okay, he's obviously, you know, one of your fraud.
Yeah.
The director is a no talent rob Reiner.
Yeah, real no talent.
Yeah, that's what Bob said.
He said in the most wonderful movies.
He had great movies.
He's just writing on his father's co-tails.
He's not even on all of that.
He's a meathead.
He's a meathead.
What was his character on TV?
That's what it says on his t-shirt.
You can't feed our meathead.
Isn't that what that says?
Rob Mcs wonderful movies.
Even Carol O'Connor knew him for what he was.
A Polish meathead, right?
Okay, let's continue.
North Miami, hello.
Hi, Mia.
Hi.
Hi, I just wanted to let you know that I enjoyed that movie.
Stand by me.
Really?
Yeah, that's great.
Very good.
What did you like about it?
Uh, because it was kids and it reminded me of when I was a kid, you know,
how you ran off and cigarette quickly.
Yeah, running around with leeches all over you.
Yeah, I know.
So what happened to me when I was growing up?
But what happened is the birds also mentioned blue velvet.
Yeah, oh, I was with the dog stand by me.
Oh, blue velvet.
I couldn't have any idea where that was going.
I watched about 20 minutes of that and I said, boy, you're not for me.
I didn't understand it.
No, I still have no idea what that was.
Were it going or what it was supposed to be?
And I was supposed to.
Well, when did myself was in the off position?
Ultimately.
I stuck with it.
So tonight I'm going to pick up the last 10 hours.
Stand by me.
Oh, good.
That'll get you really depressed.
Now, Steve, that's why she still likes it, but she hasn't seen me ending.
But the ending will get you very different for you.
You miss a half hour.
It's a bit of a last half hour is what makes this very different.
You don't know what's in the first half hour.
I don't care what you do to the first half.
And there's also a good one on tonight.
It's 10 30 on HBO.
And what might that be?
Name of it is great.
It's about an anthropologist, Susan assistant, who is categorized by the ringleader of the group of kids.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That's about the bubbles that run away a Michael Jackson.
Yeah.
Sounds like a biggie.
Yeah.
Okay.
Or so, Neil.
Yeah.
You read about yourself in the case of this weekend?
Yeah.
And don't say that name anymore.
Don't worry about it.
Otherwise, you're in big trouble.
Have a wonderful life.
Okay.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Good.
I've got three lousy programs this weekend.
Okay.
I'm the Blue Velvet and Steve Kane and Clothfire on cable.
Oh, boy.
What a trifecta.
See that?
I bet that would have paid about 400 bucks at Pompoly last night.
Washington.
What's that?
What's from Washington?
Great.
No, I'm sorry.
I missed it.
Now, that was the winner of the mall.
Yeah.
So you didn't like stand by me, huh?
Oh, god, no.
I was like, you know what?
Yeah.
Blue Velvet was really sick minds.
I guess that's why you liked that was for sick minds.
Yeah.
People from Rochester have taste.
That's right.
That was a pain meal.
Okay.
Well, you know, they wouldn't show that at the Eastman Theatre, right?
It sure wouldn't.
Okay.
Bye.
It's the weirdest movie I've ever seen in my life.
Yeah.
But why were you touting it so heavily?
They realized that people are impressionable and they waste their valuable time.
You know, life is like a fleeting.
It's like grains of sand through the hourglass with McDonald's carry on the days of our lives.
That's days to our lives.
I hope not that show.
That's a grind.
I don't watch it, but I know that Wendy Werth in our accounting lives is.
She watches it religiously.
In fact, she puts on him as Zizza.
Your almoquins does 18 Hail Mary's at the beginning of that show every day.
Very true.
You're honored.
That has great significance in the Winds Cafeteria.
And of course, there are a lot of people doing Hail Mary's in the Winds Cafeteria.
Mostly after they started digging into those sandwiches.
I got that mouse meat Parmesan out of there this morning,
because I couldn't get to Burger King for breakfast because they had this big wreck out on Hollywood Boulevard.
And so I had a turn at Flamingo, I guess.
And I figured I'd go in the machine and get something bizarre,
something you ordinarily wouldn't need at that hour of the morning.
And I was bizarre, was the word for it.
I mean, that thing, I wonder if our friends, the Parmesan coins, left out there,
is kind of a message for me.
Well, those meatballs look very familiar.
Very posvery familiar.
They each had little initials inscribed on each one of them.
It's 20 minutes before 11 at W.I. and Z.
And then...
South Korea.
Summer.
1988.
The Olympics.
In Seoul.
Detroit, Michigan.
Right now.
It is.
The Olympics.
Yes, my beautiful brothers and sisters,
it's the hippos, tripped and out, laughter.
Sixty non-stop minutes across the track and field of your mind.
I'm your Commissioner of Assault Analytics.
Mr. Dungard Dickens, thank you.
Thank you, my beautiful children.
And today, in the Seoul weightlifting capital session,
are very, very beautiful event.
Smokey Robinson and the Miracles attempt to fall overhead press of Mr. Berry one.
Plus, Mr. James Brown himself attempts to triple summer stalk
in the 20-meter high-jawed jump-o-tick-tock.
Yes, it's all going down at the funky games in Motown.
Because it's...
The To!
Or lifting.
Is not what they have on state-aerary afternoonly,
a solo Olympics?
Or is that the sole patrol?
Something like that.
On your keyhole.
Okay, well listen, so far it is really close.
It is hanging right on the edge.
And of course, depending on the outcome of this survey this morning,
that'll depend if the cable company show it again and score it.
We've got them all on the line on the bat line,
and they're just waiting with baited breath.
I'm sure they won't show it again.
No.
No, until about seven o'clock in the next round.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Stand by me.
Delioloi Mung.
Oh boy, this is...
Do you remember how Hustley used to rate porn movies?
Yeah.
Hoiwak.
Yeah, Marshall.
This one is totally limp.
This is a movie.
That's all it left me.
Stop that God awful music.
This is a movie about growing up in the 50s?
1850s, yeah.
There is not one scene where these kids get together behind a house
or a barn compared to Janitalia.
Oh yeah, that's what he was upset about him.
That's why...
Well, that's what growing up in the 50s.
That is what growing up is about.
I mean, not leeches.
Well, I remember doing that in the 50s,
and of course that began about a 30-year depression for me.
You came out on the short end at the 50s.
You can say that again, you know.
You know, how kids are draw straws for a different scene?
Sure.
And somebody gets the short end of the stick.
Well, if you want that, go watch Porquies.
Well, there he goes.
He's running, so it's dead even now.
Is it?
Four of Peas.
And no one has mentioned River Phoenix,
which I think got the audience to reserve.
Time marks for that.
I'll guide you to enough of that crap.
Why do I keep wreaking over there?
I'm just asking a case today.
Pembert Pine, tello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
Good morning, great.
Mom.
That seems to be replacing sucks as the operative word there.
Wait a second.
I wasn't referring to the movement of the street.
Okay.
Just mud or similar substance.
Absence.
Oh, definition?
Oh, good.
Thanks.
Well, what about the movie?
Great.
Actually, I've got a wrongful.
I mean, it's great.
Excellent.
You know what he said?
Great.
But what do you want from a guy who's reading a mung out of the dictionary?
What do you expect?
How about a wonderful life?
You too, sir.
And thanks so much for your perspicacious vote on that scummy movie.
Even the leeches were scummy.
It was just, um, ooh.
You had to like take two showers after the movie.
Just, of course, some of our more perverted listies out there had to take a cold shower during the movie.
Because they just got all worked up into a frenzy.
Not to mention any names, of course, but, of course, these people with a very as Mr. Wolf,
more than the other one briefly.
I just thought I would mention that for all the audience and all the ships that are there.
North Miami, hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Great.
But it's not a review of Stand By Me.
Wimpy, pseudo, sentimental, fresh.
Very good.
Boy, this guy's got more adjectives than Carter's that Phil doesn't.
I know you like this.
Only appeals to people who never have worked out of their living room.
We don't know what lights are.
Not to make you want to drink four packs of billy beer, six packs,
and run out on the street and do all kinds of discussing things on your neighbor's lawn, you know.
You've got to go to people to walk around with a string and go,
hey, you want to take like the place tax creator?
Yeah.
This is a trick, more than on the other hand.
I saw a blue velvet for the first time.
Oh, boy.
I lost it.
And I think I lost it.
You understand it?
Yeah, I understand it.
Exactly what the other thing was about.
Well, you could always figure that somebody in this audience would be the one to understand what that's all about.
Hey, granted it was bizarre.
Yes, sorry.
I'm sensual, but the basic story was just so simple story of sexual slavery and abduction
and it happens every day in this country.
So I don't feel like the big shock is.
Yeah.
If you stick with that movie, it'll all come together.
I just want to know what, you know, I really look fine.
What was Dennis Hopper?
What was that mess?
Was there anything in that night with gas?
Yes.
Something.
What was that gas, then?
Yes, he had oxygen, yeah.
Was it oxygen or nitrogen?
Well, I never gas after watching about him.
And if they never, they never sat in the room.
They never sat for sure.
But it was a very interesting movie and I'd stand by me and I'd say it's a classic horror movie.
Yeah, amen.
Okay, one out of two isn't bad.
Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I did a little research on this word, Hmong.
Yeah.
And that's got a long history, apparently.
It goes all the way back to India.
Some of the words used used Mondangu.
Mondangus.
Mondangu?
Mondangu?
I like Mondangus myself, that's my favorite.
Mondu?
Mondu?
Mondu?
Mondu?
I wonder if they have that at the melting pot.
Mondu?
So this is the interesting part.
When you go back to the oldest word that's associated with Mondangu?
Yeah.
This is what they say.
They say it was a long, sorrel, worn, especially in southern India, usually may have thin cotton.
Uh-huh.
And here's the first recorded instance of the word being used.
Small dark boys with their mongest topped up high back in the toward their strange room.
You can get a flavor where the word came from.
And of course the Pakistanis, and not to be odd done, have that bizarre oriental bird,
the monger, which I think ties it with Mr.
They, by me, was, you know, a little piece in, man.
Yeah, I didn't get a kick out of it.
But you liked it, didn't you?
No, he said he didn't get.
Don't put words in this.
Well, I didn't.
I didn't.
Very articulate caller's mouth.
And he's been.
Oh, my interest.
He held your interest.
I kind of like, I want to see the movie because I saw that movie by Spinal Path, the first film
like I made.
Right.
Which I liked a lot.
This is Spinal Path, Rob Reiner's first film.
Yeah.
And I knew I was fine with that.
After I watched this one.
It was a good story.
He's just a little too melodramatic for me.
You didn't say you didn't like it.
No, I can't say that.
I said, you know, it just wasn't, you know, whole story altogether.
It put all together.
It just didn't, you know.
You think that this is a caller is like waffling?
Yeah.
I mean, like, are you positive or negative?
Um, I'll go positive.
Oh.
Right.
I knew it.
What a kind job that was.
Okay, so yeah.
One of the best films I've seen in the last ten years.
See the again, the credibility.
No, it's right.
It's half a thing.
Obviously, you stuck with it.
Oh, you kidding me?
That was brilliant.
Incredible.
Brilliant?
Yeah.
Dennis Hopper's performance is.
I know.
Beyond believed.
Incredible.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you, sir.
And what did you say about the goal?
You discount lobotomies.
Very articulate and misguided.
I think that's what I said.
Have a mobile caller.
Is that possible?
Hello.
Mobile.
Deal.
Yep.
Look at me in the line.
Okay.
Goodbye.
We've got to get rid of him.
In order to get the mobile caller on the floor.
Okay.
Is this the mobile?
Dead.
Neil?
Yeah.
Hi, Neil.
Mary, listen.
I heard you see those days talking about, though.
Rapping?
When I went to Tokyo, was there a Saturday?
Wait.
I lost my engine on 6-4.
Great.
Wait.
I'm going to be rapping on Wednesday.
Yeah.
Oh, oh.
Yeah.
Oh, oh.
I'm going to be rapping on Wednesday.
Oh, oh.
I'm going to be rapping on Wednesday.
Yeah.
Well, maybe I'll be able to fit in your pants, too.
Yeah, but not.
I'm going to be able to.
Okay, keep it up.
Great.
Yeah, I'm looking forward to that.
Wednesday, I'm going to go get rapping.
Like a mummy.
Mm-hmm.
What just happened to a lot of the lines here?
We had a couple people drop off, I think, after the trend here.
It's very tight.
I know.
Six pros and five cons so far.
Six to five.
Yeah, oh, boy.
And we've only got about what, six or seven minutes.
And then we're certainly going to rap this stiff this up,
because this is the end of the world.
Or a lottery.
Oh, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, Glenn.
Hi.
I'm a com.
I be ill and real bad after in the standby meal.
There's a great sleeping pill.
The best.
My kind of call.
Listen, Blue Velvet.
Glenn, have you seen a race ahead?
Yes, I have.
A couple of times.
The same producer.
Same director.
The same director.
Sorry.
And I read a interview in a very cute magazine with Dennis Harper,
that's when he saw the script to Blue Velvet.
He said, and I cried, I am Frank.
Yeah.
That's terrifying.
Absolutely.
Yeah, it is kind of scary.
The race ahead in Blue Velvet with the weirdest films I've ever seen.
Me too.
And I have seen thousands and thousands of movies.
But Blue Velvet is even weirder than a racerhead.
And I be ill and after those.
Yeah, they're good for you.
Thank you for you know, cleansing out the system.
Absolutely.
Sure.
All right, there's my phone.
Okay, thank you.
Obviously, a real moving experience for some of the people in our audience is probably
why some of them came and get to the phone this morning.
Davey, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good comment.
That's a negative.
I don't know.
No, I don't think so.
We can't count.
Well, he's in Davey.
What do you expect, Zach?
Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know it's a fuck.
Great.
Why was it moving?
I could wait for something happened and nothing.
Nothing happened.
Can you start to waste the time of the moment?
Can you start with all the way to the end?
Unfortunately, yeah.
Have you noticed how morbid and depressing the ending was?
I got worse and worse.
Everybody died except him.
Everybody died except him and he wasted.
He was the one that died, you know?
Yeah, it's a good thing.
Okay.
Thank you.
Good call, sir.
Someone influenced the outcome of the poll.
No.
And of course, you notice I didn't count the one from Davey and I think that may have been
an editorial on the moving.
Well, you can't be sure.
Or either that it was Joey, one of the other.
Yeah.
Volka, hello.
How you doing, yeah?
Good.
Okay, I have one word for both of those movies.
Yep.
Who?
Oh, that says it all.
So that's it.
That was a, we've hit a new low now.
This is one step below Hmong on the wrong.
On the wrong of life.
Well, that obviously was a negative food.
No kidding.
Well, you can see that, huh?
Very good.
You're getting real mellow in your old age.
Miami, hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
Another mobile.
Yes, sir.
How could anybody dislike that movie stand by me?
Easy.
And unless you were born 40 years old.
Good comment.
Unless you were born 40.
Let me ask you this question.
Was your childhood in any way like what you saw in that movie?
It was similar.
Oh, boy.
It was.
The only drawback to that film.
The only thing you needed was dropping it out of it.
Was the comraderies that these kids had that would cook too much.
I didn't buy that, but on the whole, it just brought me back to my childhood.
I thought they weren't quite close enough.
At that, I had to tell you.
Okay, listen, honesty is what it's all about.
Okay, thank you now.
Thanks so much.
Okay, well, listen, it's eight to seven losing,
okay, as it happened, we're going to hang it in three or four minutes.
At the end of the hour, we're going to make the big announcement
that the whole town is hanging on.
On the pole.
They may never hear Benny King again if this thing loses.
You do understand?
Sorry.
Oops.
Okay, listen.
My Emmy, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
Oh, it was great.
You felt good.
Oh, boy, we're tied up.
You just locked it all up.
You realize that.
And also, we ran into the skeocos of Beverly Phoenix.
And it was pretty good.
Oh, you're into River Phoenix.
Yes.
It's not really.
Yeah, no, not really.
How old are you?
29.
And you're into a little boy about,
how old was he?
12 in this movie.
But in the skeocos, I think he was about 15.
Oh, I see.
That makes it better.
So, you know, you got to watch sex.
I know you guys like little boys.
Yeah, he's getting older every minute.
We guys like little boys.
Go, boys.
No, not me.
Only one of us likes little boys.
Yeah, that's not true either.
Oh, that's for Stan.
No, no, no, he likes little girl.
I don't know about Stan.
He likes a little boy.
Well, I want the bird to win.
So go.
You know.
All right.
Okay, we got you down.
Thank you.
A lot of pressure building.
I can feel it in my innards.
In fact, we may have a gigantic explosion out here.
Any moment.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, God.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Yes.
That's a good day.
All right.
But the movie sucks.
It is a great movie.
I was raised in Brooklyn.
Oh, boy.
I know, Oregon.
I know, the whole United States.
I kind of liked it.
Not just for the story,
but it has a meaning behind it.
I love it.
I love it.
Thank you.
Like I said, part of his taste is good.
His taste buds that I heard.
That guy loves the movie.
You don't get a vote.
You don't get a vote.
And he still sounds like he's got a cold.
So it's affecting his mind.
Hello.
Miami.
Oh, Neil.
Speak to me, sir.
This is a crucial moment in your life, sir.
You're about to, um.
I realize that.
I'm trying to go cast my vote here.
And if you always talk about entertainment,
it makes you very suicidal.
The pressure.
Yeah.
No, that's not what I mean.
You talk about sometimes.
Bob Lasseter, yeah.
A Bob, that's it.
Yeah.
That movie had the same effect on me.
A negative vote.
Very negative.
Suicidal by the end.
It was it was just.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
Now it is tied.
Ladies and gentlemen,
nine pros and nine cards.
The last vote of the hour.
Is this the from ladies and gentlemen,
this is your life from Ralph Edwards.
The grounds not worth it anymore.
Really?
Routh is doing this is your life in the sky.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Positive.
At the early gigs.
This was your life.
They changed the names.
You're a little bit.
Okay.
This is the final and deciding vote from Miami.
And the answer is.
Yeah.
Love it.
Oh.
Talk to movie.
Who is this Rob Winer?
No, no.
You sound like me head to me.
No, as well.
This is the person who doesn't like martial majors.
Oh.
Like this is the finitive.
This is the man with no taste.
I did love to move down the skill.
But my life is in me like to move down.
But more than it does still.
Oh, I would think so.
Great movie.
You know, and if the movie is done exactly,
you can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
Okay, well listen, that's going to do it for this first hour.
And I'm afraid to announce the sad results, nine cons, and then ten.
My luck would have to be the guy who thinks that Marshall majors sucks.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, exactly.
Guy, we're a lousy taste who breaks the tie.
You're luck.
Okay, well, when we come back, we're going to definitely get off of that.
And we're going to talk about Michael Jackson's llama and really some good stuff.
Michael Scott, the headline CBS with the news,
minus Liberty Mutual in position 2A.
And we'll come right back.
Now, El Banco and KY bring you a must for everyone who lives in South Florida today.
The Neal Rogers and The Elation Kit.
Here's how it works.
Neal, I want to thank you right so much.
Nice and the produce.
That's just squeezing us.
Take this, sucker.
You know what, I was just asking.
Uh, I was always speaking to Neal Rogers.
Neal Rogers, listen.
I mean, let me ask you something that is super in Neal Rogers.
And man.
The Neal Rogers and The Elation Kit.
But thanks you for moderately ridiculous phone calls.
And now with the new Florida gun laws, you can carry your very own Neal-ation kit right on your shoulder.
So the next time someone steps up to you and says,
do something about it.
The news out of order.
Send your tax deductible donation care of Neal Rogers, section 5, 12, see 43, clubhouse, Pobito Park.
Don't delay order today.
Neal Rogers and Neal-ation kit.
One step closer to a mudless society.
Okay, nine minutes, past 11 at W.I.N.C.
What does this letter say?
Please get rid of that cackling asshole.
I threw up when I hear him.
Oh boy.
Thanks for the new gun law.
Okay, I think there's a little message in that for you.
Picture by all those heavy.
A brand new Michael Jackson people magazine.
Oh, look at this one here.
Mikey and his chin.
It's great.
While singing, she's out of my life.
Jackson plucks a young girl out of the front row for a passionate hug and a kiss.
Is that incredible or what?
The new Michael Jackson interview is out, ladies and gentlemen.
This is where it's end.
I will say this.
The audience will not talk about it.
No, no interest.
They're too embarrassed.
They will not, they won't discuss him.
They won't dignify him with a discussion because it's, and look at this, he's feeding this
chimpanzee out of a cup and he's probably drinking out of the same cup.
Yeah.
Oh, I hope the chimpanzee had his tests, you know what I mean?
How about Michael?
Superstar Michael Jackson.
Whereas a surgical mask in public has begun sleeping in an oxygen chamber.
Apparently, to avoid disease, it lived to be 150 years old.
150 years old.
Incredible.
He had a cleft puttness chin.
He plays with llamas in his backyard.
Now he's wearing a surgical mask.
Well, if you've had it up to here with Michael Jackson, I ask you to join me in a nationwide
effort called Let's Give Michael a Cold.
Well, we're not talking about anything serious here.
Maybe just an annoying persistent cough, compounded with a painful sinus headache.
Maybe just a touch of swollen glands.
Sound good?
Well, if you have a cold or know someone who does, just grab it and blow, sneeze into it.
That's it!
Get a stamp on it and mail it to Michael Jackson and Cino California.
All to the table of the woods.
And thank you.
Cino, quick, put a mask on the lawn.
That is what only next to you for a while.
He's so beautiful tonight.
Now you know who he's singing with song, too, don't you?
No.
The llama.
Seriously?
Your eyes are swollen.
You're not as sweet as that.
A lot of people are similar.
Does the llama do that or just speak?
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter, okay.
That was Michael's said.
But what can I say?
Boy, I'm going to tell you, there's something desperately wrong with that child.
Make no mistake about it.
Let's get furious.
Oh, boy.
What is it all about?
Here's the note.
Look at the handwriting.
You like the spelling?
Oh, I love the spelling.
I like that one sentence where it says...
Oh, no, they left it out of there.
Where's that article I had?
Where it says which.
He says, I cry very often because it hurts.
Have mercy for I've been bleeding a long time now.
Most people don't know me.
That is why they write such things in which.
W-I-C-H. Most is not true.
Here's a case worth like $23 billion by now and he can't spell it.
He's been listening to the U.B. Illumizer for a little bit too long.
Boy.
It's just they don't know me at all.
I know.
Okay, well let's continue with your calls.
We do have one open line in day which hurt almost as bad as Michael hurt with his $23 billion.
And the number is 6249400.
The Neo-Rodger show setting new standards for contemporary broadcast media in South Florida.
Alright, that's all about it.
Sure.
You bet.
Fort Lauderdale B.
Chellow.
Okay.
Like I said, setting new things.
Exactly.
Hi, Alia.
Yeah, good afternoon.
Yeah, good evening.
I mean, good evening.
Or whatever it is.
Listen, I'd like to volunteer to give Michael Jackson a cold.
I'll bet you would.
I'd really like to give him a cold.
Little mouth to mouth.
No, no, no, no, finger to finger.
Okay.
No, but anyway, I'm volunteering.
Love to glove.
I'm volunteering to be a special guest or a co-host in your show because I think that I could do a little bit better job than the gentleman who's been with you for the past seems like 20 years now.
But I mean, I don't know who he is.
Is he an aspiring co-host?
We don't know who he is either, sir.
So that's great.
I'm a great candidate for this day.
I mean, I could be a co-host in your show.
No chance.
Now, isn't this interesting?
Who is this?
Oh, please do not read this on the year.
Oh, good.
Pretty interesting.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Well, it's about time I got a letter like this.
Long overdue.
Putting that in the 62 or 25.
Oh, no, it's an old guy.
I'm sorry.
That picture must have been taken ages ago.
Here's the matrimonial press report.
That would be good.
It's pretty interesting that most of my mail now has little messages like this one.
No.
Bird.
Pause on.
They understand.
That's true.
And thank you so much for that t-shirt, by the way.
Several days after it showed up here.
Well, I forgot.
I mean, yeah.
A little distracted.
But also, thank Rock and Mike in Fort Lauderdale for sending us extra batteries for the Santa
clause, which I noticed the weekend cruising to be just having a marvelous time with Santa
and running the batteries down, etc.
It was great.
Oh, by the way, speaking of the weekend crew, did you hear that Mike Spindell was a guest
on a show in Tampa?
Yeah.
For three hours, yes.
You'll never, I mean, talk about an insesituous relationship with Mr. Morbidity who's
gone for three hours with Bob Lasseter.
You have to tell me.
The sky is falling.
Did he talk about it?
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
How were the reports?
They were, he enjoyed it, didn't they?
Yeah, they did.
I guess there were sufficient number of mung brains up there from what he said that he must
have enjoyed it.
Yeah.
Said they all knew about you up there.
Does that what he said?
Yes, what he told me.
Great.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi.
How you doing?
Good.
I have a webster's unabridged dictionary here.
Well, good for you.
Not under the word mung.
It says, see stand by me.
I think this is the tie breaking vote.
Weren't we tied before the, no.
My memory is getting a little bit, you know, slippery, but just like those leeches in
the movie.
It also says for further information called 976 Crap.
Is that true?
By the way, there's a note here in the mail.
What are my letters?
It says enjoy the Vio Nio.
Marcy and Jamie should never again be allowed on the year.
I'm looking under Vio Parmigian.
It says run like hell in the opposite direction.
It says, PS gives stand some broadcasting lessons.
Okay.
Oh, shame on you.
It's been a real pressure to talk to you.
Have a nice life.
Okay.
Thanks a lot for your perspicacity.
I used that word a lot.
I have no idea what it means.
No, but look it up later.
Well, look it up in the dictionary later.
It's probably not too far after mong in my websters.
Okay, let's go to Miami.
Notice you didn't read the PS.
How about you?
Yeah.
Do we have to read every little note of yours here?
Only the negative ones are the only ones you ever read.
You only want to have any true meaning.
You never read the positive ones.
Now, consider the source.
Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hello.
Yeah.
Okay, good call.
South Miami, hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
My talk to the bird.
Yes, sir.
Hey, the bird.
Yeah.
How come you don't know this on lamas make?
Go ahead.
Yeah, one would think that anyone in the vulture is a rep
this family would know that.
But I live in South America.
I'm sure you're the kind of sounding bird.
All right.
Hmm.
Is that that?
Okay.
Okay.
Very good.
I'm just here.
Okay.
Okay.
Should we go to Hollywood?
I always do that with great prepetation.
Is that the wrong word?
No.
Hollywood.
Hello.
Okay.
I know my people in Hollywood.
I know.
Tamarack, hello.
Daniel.
Yeah.
I like to vote on the poll.
I think Don Johnson should cut his hair.
Wait a minute.
Did you hear that?
Oh, amen.
Is this Don?
I'd recognize that voice anywhere.
Don.
He's gone.
Say, but we'll run a test on the tape.
We'll take the tape back.
Let's take it off the longer tape.
Yeah.
We run it about it.
But it on the usille, you hear that?
Yeah.
Put it on the usille.
I was in my car.
I was screaming at that man at the top of my lungs.
Enough already.
Stop.
Now, now, then I understood immediately why he told me when he came in an early Saturday,
turn it off into a flood.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
And over and over.
And over and over.
And over and over.
Over and over and over and over and over. Yeah, the engineers hit you hear on overtime. Oh
with the equipment. That's what I heard. Are you serious? I believe the man is obsessed.
They wrote a voice print. I mean, at least I've admitted to being obsessed and I get
obsessed briefly like with the Joey Reynolds song and what else was I obsessed with?
Donald with that thing for a little while. But you know, life goes on. It's a moving,
evolving process. Right. But what Stan, he becomes obsessed and he's obsessed for life.
Oh, that was done. Did you hear that? Did you notice that? Did you hear it? I don't care if
he cuts his hair off at the neck. You know what I'm saying? I mean, who cares already?
And if he is listening, what difference does it make? Why is he so obsessed with super star?
What is that group effect? Oh, he really is. He's like, I'm all shook up. I'm shook up
from that. It takes so little to give him shook up. And now he's going to come and he's
going to be upset with me. He's going to say we're ragging him again, which we're not.
No. We're just trying to cure him of this obsession. Oh, wait till you hear this. One of these
little guest letters, you know, they're trying to peddle a guest. Right. The immediate best
seller. How to marry the man of your choice by Margaret Kent, who was just appeared on
Donahue and twice on the CBS. More. Oh, I mean, are they kidding or what? So if you want
to hear Margaret Kent, I'm sure she'll be on Sandy. Let's see during the week of September
26, which are October 26. Okay. So mark that on your calendar. You can be sure she'll
be on with Sandy, who for those of you who are obsessed with bilingualism, by the way,
Sandy can still catch about 40 minutes. He's doing her 600s show this year. And it's only
early October on bilingualism. Yeah. Shutter cookies, Michael. Should we speak English
or a big question on that station? Is it making difference? You can't you can't hear that
station anyway. Like off the air in any language. How do you know? So we've a
there. It used to sound like it was a blanket, you know, over the speaker. Oh, look at this.
Now sounds like there's a wall. I wonder what this is. It says it's a little sign and
it says size 30 inches. It says I just thought this might improve Stan's chances at the
Broward Mall. Barbara in Miramar. Thank you, Barbara. I don't think anything would improve
his chances at the Broward Mall. But he's he's made a tremendous recovery. And as I said,
he's got a startling announcement coming up at two. Okay. If you say so. Oh, you all got
to read this. I'm not going to read it on the air, but this is just incredible. You beat.
They shut you up. Small one, dude, that Ed Cohen, Bill Cosper, Linda Thornton, Bob Lancet
or others have turned against you. Yep. The next the next reading book will verify. It's
always the next. Yeah, that's going to be the disaster. You know, they've been saying that
for nine years. It's going to be the end of that from Dennis Collins. That's hard. No, I think it
was from Joey. It was swishful thinking. Okay. Just before we take our break, we've got a
mobile collar in this ought to be really good. Hello. Hello. See, I told you. Yes, sir.
I had to tell you that by someplace football for plantation, the P.A. L. lead Saturday night
that the half-time routine, the two leaders are out on the field. Yeah. And what song do they do
their routine to? I B. L. I. Oh, no. I don't know. I'll sell out of the police because I looked
around for you, but I didn't see you are there. Oh, no, they won't let me into those games.
Now, but I had to tell you that I just couldn't believe it. Fantastic. Okay.
I was, I told you that was going to be a good call. Didn't I? You were right.
Did that show up right on the nose as usual? I was right on target. Yo, Jay.
Interesting letter, by the way, in the mail. Just before we take the break,
that we keep threatening to take. Don't start fanning. Dear master R, I watched stand by me on HBO
Saturday night. You have refused to let the bird give an objective movie review. Oh, I've refused
to give you how many chances have I given you over the last 16 weeks? Even though we both know he's
not a bird, but rather one of the leeches under her Phoenix's body. I thoroughly enjoyed the flick,
but they stole most of your material. I heard the words douchebag and lardass,
and even heard the song by Benny King called Stand By Me is the credits role.
If I were you, I would be hotter than one of those roasted marshmallows. They were attempting
you around the campfire. I take the movie and replay the leech scene. River Phoenix has an acorn
for a palace, but Will Wheaton has a semi truck. What kind of a sick letter is this? I know this
because I pressed the pause button during that scene. My VCR would not respond. Not freeze the DVDs
on my VCR and the leechs pulled out enough blood for a three hour godfather scene. I now have
nightmares about runaway trains, overcooked marshmallows and bullies all thanks to you in the bird.
I pressed most of your listening audience saw the show. I hope so. It is a four star.
Oh, stars of David. A four star movie. Mr. Bird is right on target for a change. His purpose
has been validated. Keep them until Michael Jackson's next video or three months, whichever comes
in. Mickey is a mouse. Dathy is a duck. What is goofy? Yufi is anybody who doesn't like this movie.
Period. Great. You know, to give you an idea of where is this is coming from.
And it's from my fan of the Vio Rodgers fondue show. It says River lives acorn in all.
It's from one of those River Phoenix rupees. That's all. Yeah, this is the appropriate
gesture. I saw that. Okay, 11 25 at W. I. N. Z. Let's try to book up a little bit here. All right.
And we'll come back after this in this video. Are you not going to believe where I'm going to be
eating at either day to clock? Where? In fact, you have to make the reservation. Well, there's
only one place. Well, there's this old friend of mine. I got home last night. There was a message
on the machine and supposed to see this guy this week and have dinner. I haven't seen him in a dog's
day. Did I say that in the earlier part of the show? Well, they were repeating. Yeah.
That's how you're going to mountain pot tonight. You can't go there. You're more than welcome to.
Well, I don't know, but I insist on paying how I insist I will not take any more freebies there.
I can't handle that. All right. Okay. Sure. I insist. Okay. All the left or last night.
At Pompa no. Yes. That wasn't too bad. No, anyone's on the track with this man. I never cast so
many winning tickets. Nonetheless, the bulls in my left pocket got smaller and smaller and smaller.
What is that bulge in your left or the shirt pocket? I said, I meant your bulge in your pants pocket.
Yeah, I noticed that kept getting smaller too, but that I was an investor. Look, I picked 8
million winners. Can I help it if they all paid 240 or 260? I can't help that. And we got
touted on two horses by these Painted He-Ans people in the crowd. Did either one of them come in?
No. No. No. I just stuck with the man at 1,900. Yeah.
Oh, no, but 900. A call in today. And 8,500 yesterday. You know, boy, am I a genius.
All right. Well, now we're going to need lunch, aren't we? We all of us.
Or are you going to run out of here again now? Are you going to? I just came to piss off the bird accident.
Watch yourself. Can't say off. What is this? Another Yiddish word?
Zeta. Oh, yeah, Zeta 94.9. Means grandfather. Very good. And Bubba. Bubba.
Bubba Smith used to play for Michigan State. He did? Oh, yeah. Let's do a little sports here with a bird.
It would be a new feature on this show every day. Okay. Well, keep Dave occupied because he's going
to say a lot of dirty things to the obviously. Oh, you haven't seen Santa? Oh, wait a minute. Let me
have Santa for just one second. May I? We actually have new batteries for Santa to keep him busy.
Santa, come on.
I think I'll have Santa. Okay. That's enough. Don't exert yourself, Santa. Come on. Save it for
Christmas. So you'll think you munged at him. I think so. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, if he's before we
going to get lunch today, do you think we? What is that mean? We are always throwing we in there
when it's not appropriate. I know they want to try to dig up a little food for you. And I've never seen
you pass up a meal ever. Have you seen him pass up a meal? Yes. What? He passed up the break of
in pizzas. You did? No, he listened. If he wasn't eating it in here, he was touting and eating it in
the other way. He's never passed up, Rick. I'm just giving you grief. But we do need some lunch in
here today because we have a superstar that came in to be a guest. Let's take a call from Miami.
Hello, Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. How are you today? Great. Hey, listen, we were wondering if maybe you'd
play a little dialogue from Jeff Stryker's movie from Jeff Stryker. Now, are you another one of those
desperate queens, sir? No, no. I haven't even seen the movie. So we thought maybe we'd get
dialogue before we see the movie. You haven't seen the movie yet? No. The dialogue is pretty hard
to follow. All right. Well, I want you to listen carefully and see what you get out of this,
yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, sir. You say what?
How many springs do you give it? Uh, I don't know. He seems to be agreeing with someone a lot. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. He likes to be agreeable. Yeah. Limited vocabulary. I give it four springs.
Four springs. Oh, no. That's, I don't know. How about a steamsong? Is it four-player or four springs?
Yeah. Are you going to play a steamsong? We're going to be playing bigger than life a little
later on. We don't like to do it too much at once because the audience gets very excited.
Yeah, you're right. I'm sweating here. Are you really? I believe it. Sounds like it. We can hear
the perspiration dripping through the phone. Oh, I hope we hope it's perspiration, sir. Yeah. What
does he look like, actually? I really haven't had a chance to. You're already in a cold sweat and
you don't even know what he looks like. He looks like a greasy kid with a, you know, gigantic smile.
He's not as good as you. He's talking about me. No, just right. That's what I've heard that
he's got like a big smile, but I haven't heard, you know, I really know what color he has or anything.
He has black hair on his head and the other features we should drop down. Which one would you
recommend, by the way? Bigger than life. Trust me. It'll leave a lasting impression on your body,
sir. Would it? Yep. Bigger than life. Yep. Now, what is it that you find so humorous about?
The bird is in a state of love him asking you these questions. You love it. Jeff Striker? No,
this guy asking you these questions. And it's never even seen. And you just sort of, well, you talk
about tiptoe around every day. It's a true man. Well, you have to tiptoe around that. You don't
want to step on it. What's that? Where do you go see this? I mean, the playing like it. No,
you have to go to your nearest video store and I'm sure in date, because in Broward, you know,
all of these have been confiscated because Nick Navarro wants to make sure he sees all of them,
you know, first, he hasn't gotten to these yet. Oh, I'm sure he has, but he wants to see him a
second and third time just to make sure that he can determine our community standards, you know.
What go to video stores just ask for big and wide? I mean, will they look at you funny? No,
they would smile. They probably break out laughing. I'd be embarrassing if they start making noises.
Yeah, if they start putting some of the dialogue from the movie, I would run out of the
cinema immediately, okay? I don't know. My mom would probably not like it. She, oh, she'd probably
like it a lot. How old is your mom? 35. Oh, yeah. Her mom would like, what do you mean 35? How
do you mean? Oh, your child bright. Wow. What do you mean by the skin of his teeth? Just barely old
enough. You mean to see the movie? That's okay. All right. It would leave a lasting impression,
believe me. You and your mom can watch it together. Well, do they have female, do they have what?
Female, but no. Okay. He has a new one though that's got everybody in it. Yeah, the big switch.
The big switch. Yeah, the big switch. Is on or something. Electrical? Big switch. Yeah.
Well, good luck to you, sir. This call is, you know, our transmitter is starting to try to
what's out this drug, but good luck. Okay, well, thanks a lot. Okay, good luck to your mom too.
Sounds like you got a pretty cozy relationship there, doesn't it? Just a curious guy.
Yeah, 18-year-old guy, 35-year-old mom, they're watching porn or flex together and their
VCR and they are privacy of their den, you know, for the 80s or really something. They really are.
And of course, used to be our demographic, the 80s. That's cemetery village. All right, I'm doing over
this. Go here. Who is she? That's Jill. That's Jill. Yeah. Where's Michelle? Michelle. I don't think we
have any picture of Michelle. Michelle is very nice, but Jill is so great. Yeah.
And Jill's a little young for you, Dave. Jill is 15. That's okay. Who's that, uh,
guy with her brother. So brother. So that meaningless. It says on the back of the picture.
And by the way, the pictures of Rob from Windixie, uh, some people just don't photograph well.
That's how those are horrible pictures. I must say because he is a very sensational, how do I say
this without getting him upset? Well, he won't get upset. He wrote me a nice little note,
isn't he in school? Right now, I hope so. He has batteries playing hooky. He and Jill are doing
horrendous things safely, though. They're doing them safely, which is all accounts.
So Dave is going to tell us about his love, love life a little later on in the show,
which ought to take about about 20 seconds. Exactly. See, we don't understand that. I don't
understand that at all. You should have no problems. You should be able to go out. I know. There are a few
things going on, but oh, a few things going on. I mentioned over there. Yeah. Well, we're not
looking for explicit details when you say a few things, but I don't think she'd appreciate it.
But there is something going on. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well, we don't care. The little something,
a big something. That's not what I'm saying. Oh, really? We're back to that again. Okay. The old
flame. We got to play that by Elvis. What's the name of that record? His latest flame.
I think so. I think that's the name of it. You don't know anything about Elvis either.
Right? Every category we come to, he doesn't know anything about whether it's sports movies. No
question about it. The man knows absolutely nothing about movies. But of course, the Godfather
was now part two is on what Friday night or Saturday? Saturday, I think. And sooner or later,
they're going to come up with the long with the one where they got like a Milan,
should monger where they kind of put it all together. Yeah. That already ran. Which I've already
got. Oh, it did run. I've already got that, but the dub is not good. You know, when you dub off of
cable, you get a much better quality. Right. Then when you make a dub off of another tape,
there's no question about it or whatever reason. Yeah.
A couple of put it all together chronologically years ago, back when he was working on a
Park of Lipsnow. I obviously know nothing about movies. And the whole thing was glad you agreed
with us. Yes. Whole thing ran on NBC in order.
Now, actually, what I'm talking about is the one where they had taken all of the clips out. They had
the all the, um, outtakes. Yes. I don't not be outtakes. No, not be outtakes. What are they
had edited the movie? In other words, it was about seven and a half hour. Yes. And it ran on
NBC. The whole thing. Yes. From beginning to end and took about two or three nights. Wow.
This was I remember that now. Early 80s. Yeah. Did you see the Godfather? No.
Did I? We already asked you that. No, that was the exercise. Oh, can you see anything? We don't
want to ask about standby. May we're brave. I mean, you just have strikers. I'll bet you do.
No wonder you can't find a girlfriend. You know, it keeps the hangin' out of these nasty videos.
You did not see stand by me. I did. Okay. Here comes, wait a minute. I think we've got a
tie. I think you can gentlemen. That pulls. Here comes the tie breaking vote. Can't wait. Right now.
I give it two stars. Good. Fair. Well, that's not a negative vote. No. But it's even though
you're breathing heavily, that's probably because there was something we're seeing, I guess. All right.
It's all on. I guess you can come back now. Can he come back now that he said that? That's a good
start. A good step in the direction. Now if we get a good lunch coming in here, it's 22 till noon
at W.I. and we're not going to take a break. I've just mentioned the time because there's no hint
of any lunch arriving and we usually never strike out. Well, you know what we could do. We. We? Yeah.
We could. We could send Dave out to get it and bring it back to get it. We could send him out.
No, that would be good. Come on. We know you have a busy schedule, David. We're talking about it.
It's very, very close right around, you know, very it's like in the neighborhood. Yeah. Or
well, we'll see. Maybe somebody will announce momentarily that someone is bringing lunch by.
Doesn't that usually happen when we beg for food on the often very often? Yeah. And we're not going
to lose our cloud. Are we? I mean, we're still number one half. Yeah. Not quite what that card said
that it's imminent. You know, all these people who abandon the ship is thinking. A ship is
sinking. You know, that bitchy old host. The good ship radio. That's the word in the atrium,
by the way, the bitchy old. The word isn't a host that goes in there, but I don't want to get them
upset. That's true. That's what they call me on the atrium. All my good friends up and down
the atrium, what have I done to them? We fed them more food, you know? Oh, I know. Have
them. We fed them over tons of food, but they still turn on you, boy. All you got to do is turn
your back and you feel those except with laws, stuff in their food. Yeah. Then all of a sudden,
they love you. They be friendly. Can't get rid of them. Yeah. Well, you don't eat that much here,
but when you go to the Maldipot, I die because I need a lot. You can stay here and eat.
I've seen them eat plenty. The whole world is turning on me, ladies and gentlemen.
How much do you eat in that place? I mean, everything is great, but in terms of the bulk,
the amount of food you eat, you don't need a ton of food. Yeah, it's very filling, I guess.
It is filling. I didn't eat anything else. I went to bed, didn't eat anything, and this morning,
I had that mong sandwich that I threw out, which is why we're in desperate need of lunch now,
right? Desperate. Let's see how we can humiliate. How low we can go in terms of begging. Get
on our hands and kneels. Those shame. You know what would be great, like some spaghetti and meatballs
from Nikolas, maybe. Doesn't that sound good? Yeah, that's real close. Yeah. You even know where that is.
The two of you could go together. Believe me to have a loan for five minutes.
No one that'd be good. Does that sound good? Because I'll even buy it. I know that everybody out there
thinks that we thrive on freebies, and I also noticed that you were paying no attention.
I said, every word you're fiddling with that Dan male again, you fiddled with that male. I have
all we need to get you is a bow and a strata various man, and you'd have it made. I heard every word you said.
Ask me. Let's forget about the bird. Let's just call him the fiddler from now on.
Because he fiddles with everything. He fiddles with my male. He fiddles with his male and
God only knows what else he fiddles with, but that's for him to tell us a little later on in the show,
of course. No, does that sound good or what? Yeah. Some Italian, like some baked ziti and some spaghetti
and meatballs. The other side. The old Parmesan. Sounds excellent. I still got some of my physics.
I tell you when that marinara sauce started dripping all over. And of course last night, now you
don't have to humiliate me, but I must confess I was so embarrassed. I had more mustard sauce on my shirt.
I have never gone anywhere in cubic looking like that. I mean, I can be fairly sloppy like most days,
but I mean, that was just embarrassing. Yeah, I was a little embarrassed. Yeah. I noticed you kept
looking straight down the floor. He told the program over his mustard thing. I was. It was good to have
the program at the track because you can hold it up and cover your shirt. Why do you think they give it to?
Yeah. And I kept going, oh, yeah, hi, Alan, how are you holding it up like to my neck?
But it fits all right. They still love me over there at Pompadon. In fact, next Thursday night,
I forgot, but we have some special station thing going on. Right. And we're going to be in the
winter circle giving a trophy way to the winter, the feature race. And so I'm sure we'll get dinner
there Thursday. Is that sound good? Yeah. He's always ready for a free meal and, you know,
losing a few tickets. I didn't really lose that much last night.
Now about 50 bucks. No. 40. See how downstage race. 60. I don't know. I lost count.
So let them very trying Monday, ladies and gentlemen, it's 1143 at W. Y. and Z. Why don't we take
our last break? And then when we come back, maybe these very patient people have been waiting on a
hold. We'll go to them. Now most of them certainly have hung up already, but we'll give it a shot.
Hi, this is Neil Rogers. And if you're a regular listener, you've heard me tell you about how Dr. Harvey
Rosa of Hallendale, me five W. Y. and Z. Let's do something different here. Okay. On the speaker phone.
Ooh, you know the number by heart? No, I'm going to call, oh, I can't call information. Can I?
How do we do this? Oh, boy. Oh, yeah, we can do it just a minute.
Did that go through you? I don't think so. Yes, it did. Let's see what happens is
that they forces to call on distance. For information, which probably is like two bucks to call.
I'll yell for remember finds for Nicole's NICOLA apostrophe S on Tath Street.
Thank you. This cost number is four three three. Thank you so much.
That caused a quarter by the way. Really? I'll take that up now. How do I dial that?
With a one? Hey, listen, I'll teach them. We'll build them up a bill, a license which they never saw.
But these are powered lines. No, they're not six two four. Oh, it's not a powered line. You dream it.
No, it's a date number, but it's not necessary to dial a one, right? That thought just came into my mind.
Even though you're speaking. You got to place the order. I think it was right it down. I don't know what you want.
All right. Can you write it down? If I give you a pen, you think you can handle that?
By the way, for those of you in the listing audience, we're busy ordering lines. So just
bug off. You know what I'm saying? Like just calm down, relax. So we'll get back to you when we feel like it.
Okay, I want the spaghetti and meatballs. That sounds good. Two spaghetti and these balls. Yes.
Because Dave is very impressionable and anything, you know.
And you, sir, what would you like? Little hearts mountain, perhaps.
You know what you want? No. Well, you then make up your mind. I mean, I want to dial this up
sometime before two o'clock. I don't know. It's on you.
Lasagna sounds excellent. Very good choice. Excellent. Boy, have you ever seen a sparrow eating lasagna?
I spell it like Michael Jackson, by the way. I can do you really? Yeah. With a Z. Yeah.
With twosies, L.I. Z. Z. A. N. A. Lasagna. Something for Bob. Does Bob want anything from?
Small. Yeah. Small pizza. Small pizza. What is that supposed to mean? Like we'd clause. What is
meat balls? Meatballs. What?
Oh, listen, we can't help you with your sex life. I mean, if there's something that you want to eat,
you know, this is his first day up there. And right away, he's like, uh, no, Mr. Mung, you know what I'm
saying? I mean, is there something spaghetti in meatballs? Okay. That's a three spaghetti in meatballs.
And a lasagna. L.I. Z. Z. Okay. Now, you think you can handle this and you're going to pick it up?
You and Dave can go get it together. Is that a good idea? It's right up the street. I know.
I think one of us can handle that. No, I don't think so. I think you should go with him and
bring it back. No gas in my car. You go in his car. You'll direct him. You're loaded with gas.
He's got at least 50 cents left from the track. Stop with that thing already.
This is agitating. The fact that we superstars have to order lunch and pay for it.
I'm just I'm I'm used to paying for it. This airtime is obviously very valuable.
Hello. Hi. Hi. Like to order. Don't you want to tell her we're on the year?
Oh, we're on the year on W1. I don't say any dirty words. We're on WINZ. Hi.
We want to order lunch. Okay. Okay. Three spaghetti in meatballs.
Three spaghetti in meatballs. I just love the way he does. One lasagna.
Okay. Three spaghetti in meatballs and one lasagna. Does she know who this is?
It's for Neil Rogers. Okay. Oh, that did it. They're going to put something a little extra in there now.
Pick it up in about 20 minutes or so. Okay. What is it going to be ready in 20 minutes?
About 15, 20 minutes. Yeah. Great. Nice. Nice. Yeah. She's one of my
pizons up there in the colas. Did you just drop all my pictures on? Okay. Let's take some of these calls
because these people are probably really very upset. Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Say, think of me there. They're all gone. Who the hell are we kidding?
North Miami Beach. Hello. Oh boy. Here's a really desperate caller. Thank you so much for holding.
Come on, Jeff. Relax. Okay. Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Get out the car. I'm reading. What? I have to speak or something. I have an album album.
Album article. Whatever he does. The Carl Heiss and album.
Get it out and read it. We are getting out and read it.
Get it out and stick it. Well, you know, oh boy, this is terrific. The Carl Heiss and album.
Get out the Carl Heiss and album. Boy, these people not only did some of them stay on hold,
but they went to pieces during the ordering of lunch. They just went into shock.
You can see why he stayed on hold all that time. Yeah. Obviously got a full and rich life.
Have we heard from the Ville-Pamajan twins today, Bob? No? Tell them to put them right on if they call.
Boy, what I love for that mungrained Jamie to call me. Those guys are the biggest two-ass holes
that ever came down the bug. And we have a witness here to that state, too. That's why I've been
waiting to invite him to call. Because he'll deny that, too. You notice how he denies everything?
Like he denied ripping Stan that day. And then when we got him on the witness stand and he had to admit that he said it.
I would have shared my wife and my sister and my mother-in-law with you Stan. I want them all sitting in your chair.
Oh, come on. God, almighty. Well, we probably as an excuse, though. They're businesses in a hellendale.
So, doesn't that give him an excuse? Right up front. I'll give you something to think about.
Yeah. Miami. Hello.
Danielle. Yes, sir. How's it going? Great.
Listen, I want to ask your favor. Speak up.
Say that song by Vanna White. Vanna.
Yeah. And one more thing, since we have a lot of, you have a lot of Latin listeners,
you know, give us a chance to call that bird, Mr. Bird and Pado.
Oh, I don't know if I can let that go on here. Is that a bad word?
No, it means bird in Spanish. Really?
Yeah, I can get you know, it says you have a lot of Latin listeners.
What is it? What's your name?
Look at that. He's got the cart. What did you say?
Pado. What?
In Pado. As you the bird, right?
You got like a parrot. Oh, yeah. No, bird. Pado means bird.
Oh, finger. Doesn't that mean bird in Spanish?
Oh, does it look like one?
As in give you the bird?
Yeah, but just bird means Pado.
Okay.
And one more thing.
Well, this is a sandy show today, a little bilingual lesson. What's that?
That's not yeah, I was played by Ellie. It's called Ellie, not Ellie.
No, no, no, no, that's on the by a, uh, one DMC.
Yeah, it's LA, you be LA.
You be LA. Yeah.
Yeah, that's called the earthquake song.
I got the earthquake right, right?
Okay, we got Vanna coming up in just a second.
So you're Buenos dias and don't forget.
Conroyo.
See you later.
Okay, we got a caller in a mobile phone that we'll put on before we do that,
because the mobile people always take presidents and generally they're more on.
Hello.
Thanks, Neil.
Not this one though. This is a real caller.
Yeah, this is a real caller.
Okay.
I wanted to take a little for a little while.
I just, I've been a long time listener and I agree with Glenn when he referred to you as
just a crack up that you just can't stop laughing.
I think he said that when you were away on vacation that you, uh,
that whenever he's around you, he just fall in the park.
And I feel the same way.
You're just fabulous.
Amen.
Amen.
See someone who understood organs.
Thank you, sir.
By the way, I want to, I just want to tell you about a Thai restaurant in H like
yeah, it's, uh, it's called the house of Diane.
It's on 84th Street and it is really, really good.
Excellent.
Okay.
Thank you.
Best mobile caller we've ever had on this show.
And he likes Thai food too.
Yeah.
And he's going to go in and tie one on right now.
Which might be a good idea for you because we've been looking.
Yeah.
Amen.
Why do you mean there's no
ever fall in the big
me a letter?
No one does it any better.
I dream of all you.
Amen.
Is that an all over town or what?
That night I don't understand why you make a hundred grand.
Not for me today.
Anyway, get me a ticket for an error plane.
Gonna be on the wheel of fortune game.
I just have to win.
I'm in the wheel again.
Oh, man.
I'll pick me a letter.
Oh, man.
I love it.
Go.
I'll ride.
Hey, get out of my way back.
The Netherlands will win.
Hey, they're yelling at me.
Is it a low rider?
All right.
I'm going to ride.
Forget the letter.
Man, I'll take that.
Why do you feel for me?
You're a meek of later on game.
Got me a ticket for an error plane.
All right.
I'm on the wheel of fortune game.
Yeah.
I just love that sound.
I'm in the bonus round.
Hey, man.
I'll pick me a letter.
Close the turn.
Hey, pass, lose it.
Man, I'll pick me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about you.
All right.
That is it all over again.
And, man, I don't mean to stare.
But I'm wearing not your wear.
Not for me to say.
Anyway.
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to love.
Get back to the jack again.
Won't throw in the towel.
Still like by your bowels.
Ovena, pick me a letter.
Bevena, pick me a letter.
All right.
I'm ready to be buried.
ADVTF, P-H-E-T-G.
I know people I see me.
W-H-Y-D.
Venture's over and none.
All right.
I'll take the slow bus.
I'm blender.
The microwave.
They're a refrigerator.
Hey, man.
What do you mean?
500 dollars for a black and white five.
It's portable TV set.
You got ripped off, man.
My driver loves to get a free wholesale.
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man.
All right.
Hey, man.
Hello, baby.
You, this wall.
I'm sorry, people.
Tell me, Rizu.
It's a beautiful day for a communist.
Unless you're on the KGV list.
You will do time in a help man.
New footage.
Slave like her.
Hello, boys and girls.
This is Mr. Roger.
Welcome to my neighborhood skate.
Oh, how about that's my Russian postman
called Red McTaelin.
That's how man.
You know, he's kind of a funny postman.
She's here.
Not only does he deliver my name,
he likes to open it too.
I guess he's just kind of curious.
Yeah.
Fred Rogers.
Oh, how Mr. sacred policeman?
Please do me calling with me.
But why?
Can you say crimes against
I think you say CIS?
Oh, sure.
Come on, let's go.
It does the downy of Oetinger.
He used to be watching Mr. Roger's neighborhood
he lives from Siberia for next 20 years.
Okay, by the way, this show has been different today.
It's been interesting, but I think there's one thing
that's been missing this morning.
I just feel like we're insufficient.
Like we have let's something out.
Now I feel a lot better.
Okay, well listen to our uh,
feathered friends here in the building
are going out to bring back lunch.
And as a result, when we come back following the news break,
I may be here all by myself for just a few minutes.
So those who really want to capitalize on it and cash in,
a chance to speak to a superstar who cashed 25 tickets
at Capitol last night and lost his house, his car, everything.
We do have a couple of lines open and dead.
We're some impatient morons hung up.
You know, if they would hung around long enough,
they would have gotten there just desserts.
Indeed, 624, 9400, brown, 524, 9400,
Mike Gowolf is reading right now the local news section of the
Harold trying to come up with some good headlines for the next
to newscast here.
And we go to CVS at the top of the R for the World of
National News minus the McLaughlin Piven spot in position one.
Are you following that now?
Look them back at 1206.
If W.I.N.Z launches on the way and if Glenn and Dave
happen to be listening just by accident,
make sure that you get tons of Parmesan cheese.
Or as somebody I know would say Parmesan to bring back with a spaghetti.
Otherwise, it's a forgett of.
I mean, nobody's going to eat spaghetti without Parmesan cheese, right?
I mean, like tons of it.
Now, I figure since I'm going to go get my body wrapped on Wednesday,
might as well have you know, six or seven good meals today and get prepared for it.
Okay, let's go back to the call.
Somebody in the day did drop off there.
624, 9400 will start to sour and cross our fingers in Pemberg Pines.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
This is Mr. Rogers.
This is his, his, his, his, his, his neighborhood, right?
Yeah, his neighborhood ski.
Oh, so when I never heard that hell that's newer that that might be how good.
You are so slow.
You're so slow.
That's that's old stuff.
You know, we just bring it back to pacify a couple of people in the audience.
Hey, but it always always works, right?
It never gets old.
Right.
So, um, you wait until lunch,
I'm going to invite me.
It's cool.
I can't let.
Correct.
You can handle it.
Diamond to ejection.
It sounds like you're in the process of handling your right now, sir.
Oh, does it?
Yep.
Yes.
Is it a matter of fact?
It's only that with everyone going.
No, it's very, it's very common, peaceful now.
And I'm just curious as to what the dialogue is between David Glenn
in Dave's cars.
They head up Palm Avenue toward Nicole's because there's a lot of
potential microphone in for my advice.
And then yeah, oh, did you wait a minute?
You hear that?
Do you hear that?
That was done.
I recognize it anywhere.
Why don't you have a plan to tape anymore?
There was the only reason I listened to the show.
It wasn't on the air, but I heard it in my head.
I heard this voice and I know it was done.
Yeah.
Oh, there's a psychic.
Did you notice that?
Wait a minute.
That was done.
I'm positive.
And I'm going to assign over my next 10 years paycheck,
you've done what's calling right now to my favorite charity, okay?
Nia, are you losing me?
No, well, that's good.
No, this is a soap opera.
This whole station is a soap opera.
And if you don't get all the components, you're lost.
That's why you must listen non-stop.
You can't eat sleep.
You can't even listen non-stop, but to tape it or something.
More than if I had a four-hour tape, I'd better get the listen to the show.
I used to listen all summer.
Yeah.
It was awesome.
I didn't know how you're doing these days.
It's still awesome, yeah.
Still awesome.
Even without you, it's awesome.
Without me.
I know that's hard to believe, but trust me what I tell you, it's awesome.
It's just so, I wish I could still listen to the show.
It is so awesome.
I wonder what all those guys who win at Caudera doing.
It's Monday and Caudera's not open in the day.
And all those guys will win like 10,000 every day out there.
They're jumping up the roof.
Yeah, they ought to be on the roof.
I'm so tired of hearing about all these guys who win and win.
If they want so much money, how come they're still working?
How come they're not retired, living over on Santa Bell or somewhere?
Yeah, the company is going to start track.
Yeah.
Okay, well listen, I guess we've drained you of all your material.
Oh, I had no material.
Yeah.
I just called to say hi and you know, you know.
Well, I can't begin to tell you how wonderful it is to hear the sound of your
voice.
It's been a long time, hasn't it?
It really has.
And then you've done something for me.
Well, I hope you have a good luck with that rap.
And don't really push it on the pasta.
Take it easy.
Okay.
Just because, you know, why put out something that you could do today?
Right.
All right, tell the brother to say hello.
Sure.
And I guess I'll pass to you maybe next to you.
You focus on Hanukkah.
Yeah, say hi to Ancerra and Emily and Esther and the kids.
And you know.
And do it about Junior.
You're showing me a big kiss for us.
Okay.
See you later.
Take care.
I don't have any idea who that was, but we like, we like to treat all of our
callers like members of this family, like some big psychotic family, like
on Dallas or something.
You're like on Notts Landing, like the McKenzie's on Notts Landing.
And the Save the Notts Landing stuff for Friday, because this third
tonight, it's really going to be great when Michele, this is the night
finally, when Michele and Pat Peterson prove that
incest is best.
That's coming up this Thursday night on Notts Landing.
Coconut and Grove.
Hello.
Theo.
And I would pay a lot to watch that.
Yes.
How you doing today?
Good.
I just wanted to if you could play the NFL rap song and honor of the games that
went on.
Okay, here's our first football caller of the day.
I mean, it's after noon already.
And here's our first caller.
Obviously, America has really been devastated.
What did you watch yesterday?
I watched the Bear Game until they preempted and went to Washington.
Wasn't that embarrassing?
I mean, it was such a route and they just couldn't handle it anymore.
And they went to the St. Louis Washington game.
Right.
And we got to listen to Joe Seism.
Wasn't he great?
Oh, he was.
He was almost as good as Terry Bradshaw.
I hadn't a hot dog.
Yeah, he was really good.
And of course, you know, this dick stock and wasn't shilling at all.
And either was Grove Cross.
When Norman Brahmins said that they had everything but the Ku Klux plan in Philly,
I thought that Irb was going to drop the microphone in his trousers or something.
He just about went nuts.
This is a pre-animat about Terry.
Pretty heavy, heavy comment, Norm.
Pretty heavy.
Yeah, I'm going back inside now.
You want to retract that?
Yeah, it was interesting.
And my name, once again, comes out on the low end of the stick.
Short end of the stick.
Yeah, well, I mean, you know, like I said, when Hank Goldberg says,
the dolphins are on the 20, and I said, hey, they're not the dolphins.
Why are you even saying that?
That's exactly the joke.
The whole thing is a big joke.
So now we can be equally mad at both of them.
The players for being a bunch of selfish morons who don't care about the fans.
And the owners who are trying to pawn off, you know, who are so greedy that they're trying
to pawn off this crap on the public and say, hey, this is the National Football League.
I mean, who are they kidding?
And the networks who, of course, being the total vultures,
the worst prostitutes in the history of mankind,
who will do anything as long as they can sell it.
Right.
Right.
And you know the thing, they should have had replacement announcers yesterday.
Yeah, I think that would have been because sometimes it looked like they had
replacement technicians running the cameras.
Mm-hmm.
And you know, the whole thing with what's going to happen if they get what they want is
it's going to be like the NBA where the Lakers are in every year, the Celtics are in every
year.
Yeah.
There's no reason even watching, you know, you just watch those bad two games of the year.
And I don't know.
By the end of the, by the end of the afternoon though, you actually knew some of the people
that were playing.
That was frightening, yeah.
Right.
And then which is frightening.
That's exactly right.
So I just wanted you to play that Super Bowl shuffle.
Distriker shuffle.
Yeah.
For all of Jeff Spans.
I'd appreciate it.
Okay, you got it.
Thank you.
I'll read the darch.
I'll read the darch.
I'll read the darch.
I'll read the darch.
I'll read the darch.
I'll read the darch.
I'll read the darch.
I'll read the darch.
I'll read the darch.
Stratker shuffle.
One of the worst four years they've seen a late attack.
I'm off the LA for a bigger contract.
For a Miami amassin and half some fun.
Build a policy pool.
Cause I'm number one.
Yeah.
So pack up the beds and his shots.
The roles are gonna move the LA cause I'm going to put the gold.
Relax that.
I'll give you a call.
Sometimes you heal.
We're the fans.
We work all week.
And pay 20 bucks for an end-zone seat.
We wait in line just to see the game.
Then to sit through it all.
Sunsweet all rain.
Hey, we're the fans.
We're sick of this crap.
We just want football for death all the flat.
We buy the tickets.
Penets and shirts.
You treat us like sheep and act like jerks.
You act like jerks.
You drive your shuffle.
You're the striker.
Shuffle.
The world's very best coming.
You guys can take a break.
We're doing fine at the moment.
Unless the NBA strikes.
You drive your shuffle.
You're the striker.
You drive your shuffle.
You're the striker.
You're the striker.
We're having it by the way speaking of the striker shuffle.
After the rams after their humiliation yesterday,
I'm thinking of signing Jeff Striker as tied in for next week's game.
And that ought to bring out a tremendous crowd in the LA.
It couldn't even cause another seismic tremor in certain parts of the city like West Hollywood.
Okay, it's 1217 to W.I.Z.
And speaking of tremors, you asked for it.
At least I asked for it.
And according to the hero this morning, so it must be true.
The headline on this on the movie page, page 5C,
the parts is now ready to sing different tune.
We ordinarily would say tune, but obviously it's tune.
And it says Atlantic City, New Jersey, this time it'll be the men who parade around in bathing suits and formal attire
and do quarter turns before a panel of judges.
This time it'll be the men who object to being tight cast as sex objects,
because of course they are really simply, honestly, just role models for the youth of America.
How do you like that?
Bird Parks will be the MC, the U.S. Man of the Year pageant,
will hit the ballroom of the expansive convention center in Atlantic City, December 18th,
with hooping and skits and plenty of beef cake.
This Saturday night, it's the annual near Miss America pageant.
There she is, near Miss America,
of its finals, my last meal.
Join us live at the Atlantic City Airport and watch his 50 of America's most beautiful wide-body is tried to land on the same runway.
You'll be on the edge of your seat during the exciting forced landing competitions.
Then it comes to the traditional luggage-losing contest,
and it all wraps up with a breathtaking sudden decompression showdown.
So when you're seatbacks to a full and upright position,
and join us for the annual near Miss America pageant.
There's here Miss America.
There was a phone ringing in the background while they were playing the national anthem in Seattle.
On the back of the...
On the dolphin right there.
Oh yeah. Well, that must have been Rick's direct line to the ivory soap people.
He's got a direct line in them,
and it's been ringing and ringing for years,
and nobody ever picks up the phone. That's a problem.
Okay, 12-night, what I want to clean up is that little bit.
12-19 at W-I-N-Z, and we'll come back right after this.
There's a remarkable product for pain relief called therapeutic mineralize.
It's an exclusive deep-cold formula,
a penetrating gel that lots of doctors,
chow repractors, clinics, and physical therapists now use and recommend.
All you do is apply mineralize where you hurt,
and it helps block pain.
Just stops it fast, like the minor aches and pains of muscles and joints,
from arthritis, simple backache, strains, bruises,
strains, and related sports injuries.
Only mineralize combines a clinically and medically proven ingredient
in a deep-pedatrating, cool, blue mineral gel.
No grease, no stain, no unpleasant odor.
Apply mineralize is often as needed,
and let deep-cold pain relief do the rest.
You'll feel pain let go, muscles, fasms, relax.
Then you can start to move, and when you move your body does the rest.
You'll work, play, and sleep better.
Instead of taking pills, try mineralize the pain fighter.
At your neighborhood pharmacy, better health food stores,
Fedco and Freddy's,
Eckerd's corner drug stores,
Publix, Walgreens, and White Aid.
We're 40,000 people reaching out to you
With the healthy hand of good healthcare.
As a businessman, you know how important health benefits are to your people.
They deserve the best health care by the very best doctors and hospitals in the area.
But they don't deserve a lot of paperwork.
That's why avmed health plan has no claim forms,
noted octables, no hassles of any kind.
Just the very best health care,
supported by the most healthful people.
Simpler is better,
which is why avmed is the most chosen private practice health plan in Florida.
So join us.
We're doctors and nurses and folks behind the scenes.
Better health, anytime, anywhere,
wherever,
and let's, we need to help you.
No, no, any more news for you.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Okay, I think we'll take this call from Boker
because the Boker is always intriguing. Hello?
I don't know.
I told you, just great.
Listen, I'm going to go where I need some advice.
And the only part I come to is yourself.
You're sort of like a goddess or a word.
A goddess, yeah.
I got it.
I'm trying to take it away, but forget.
Like a big fat goddess, yeah.
King, not.
The goddess of food.
The food goddess.
It is a food question.
Do you happen to know where I can find a Hungarian restaurant or something that serves Hungarian food?
Yes.
Boy, did I really catch you off guard, didn't I?
Can you be a little more specific like a name I'd really like?
Well, if you give me a chance, if you come down a little bit,
I mean, is this something great moment in your life?
Hey, it's a great moment.
I met this Hungarian girl over in a mother's house, unexpected,
took me by storm.
I went out on the first date.
What do you have today?
Everything's a success.
She told me, she likes, she likes,
of course she likes Hungarian food.
She's from Hungary.
And also, with this part of the second two-point question,
is she likes play?
I've never been into a play like a Shakespeare or something similar to that.
That was my second point.
If you happen to know a good playhouse, you know,
that would show a good show.
Yeah, yeah, that's really nice to go to.
All right, well, let me answer the first part of the question first, okay?
Okay.
Now, your way up in Volka, you don't expect me to give you one up there, do you?
No, no.
Anywhere, don't matter.
Okay, the Hungarian Charada.
Charada.
I think it's, I don't know how you spell it.
C.
D-H-R.
D-H-A-R.
D-A-R-D-A, or there's an SNS or whatever it is.
And it's on Biscayne Boulevard, like it's in North Dade,
in North Miami, Biscayne, and around 140th or 150th,
around and there.
And believe me, everybody's always had good things to say about it.
Okay, that's good enough.
Yeah, and they have like Hungarian musicians and the music and the real authentic things.
You just freak out.
And as far as plays are concerned, like Parker Playhouse with that,
that's totally out of my realm.
Now, when the birdbrain gets back, that's right up his alley,
so I'll be sure to ask him if he's keeping listening.
I'd appreciate it.
So I'm sure that you could really, you know, have a great evening,
a little dinner at the Charada, and then, you know,
we'll find a great place for you to go to play.
Good enough.
I got two other comments on sports, if I can't really quit.
I think the only people are probably, are happier for this strike,
will probably be the people from Indianapolis,
so they ended up winning yesterday.
And they won big time at the tag end by storm.
And who do you like in the baseball playoffs right now?
Who'd you take for a series?
Well, I like the Tigers.
I hate to say it, but, you know, in fact, I did pick the Tigers,
even when they had dropped about four games out,
and it looked impossible.
Charada did one of the great chokes in the history of baseball.
Yeah, I'm going to believe.
They lost their last seven in a row, which is almost unheard of.
And, you know, the Tigers have got the momentum,
and they're getting great pitching, and, you know,
I think it's Detroit all the way, with that great weather.
Yeah, I got one here.
I got one at one common.
My sister's over here bugging me.
If you have a chance for the end of the show today,
can you play that song as you dedicated to that sunny Rosenberg?
Who's there there?
My boyfriend's back or something I got at?
Oh, yeah.
Please, we'd appreciate it immensely.
We only appreciate what you already did for us.
What did I do for you?
Gave me some great advice.
Oh, yeah, I gave you a good restaurant.
I'm telling you.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Okay, well, when the bird comes back,
we'll see what we can do for you.
I'll be standing by.
Okay, I'll refender it.
Audio's and stand by me.
Well, we're going to Voka again,
two in a row from Voka.
Hello.
Hi, Neon.
Boy, you're just as good as the previous caller.
I'm a first time caller.
Great.
And maybe I have a comment or maybe it's a question.
I can't understand all this controversy I hear on the news
or read in the paper.
Why people protest your show.
I think you're great.
You do a terrific job.
Yeah.
You're better than any doctor, any type, any medications.
I'm depressed.
All I do is call your...
Listen to your station.
I just think...
Well, there are a lot of people who just can't turn the dial.
That's all who want to be censored and dictate what we can say and what we can do.
And I'm just not going to tolerate that.
I'm going to keep doing what I've always done.
First of all, all they have to do is turn it off.
You got it.
Well, listen, it's great talking to you.
I love your show.
Keep up the great work.
You're terrific.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, Neon.
Bye-bye.
Boy, two great calls from Voka back to back.
That's almost enough to make you say, you know, we can't talk that.
Now, let's just stop it right now and put on some Hungarian melodies or something.
And just enough is enough because when you reach a certain pinnacle.
And having to notice that our feathered friends have a return with lunch yet.
What is it?
26 past noon.
Getting hungry, Bob?
Yeah.
I can smell.
Let's spaghetti already.
And of course, just mounds of parmesan cheese, as Mr. Ego would say on another station, parmesan cheese.
As you sniffle and smacks his lips and there's all kinds of guttable things on the ear.
Okay, let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
How you doing, Neon?
Good. What's up?
Not much.
Hey, this is Steve.
I called you a couple weeks ago with the definition for Anomatopoeia.
Oh, yeah.
I remember.
This must be our linguistic expert.
How you doing, Steve?
All right, Neon.
How you doing?
I'm doing okay, Steve.
How about you?
Oh, not bad.
How you doing, Neon?
Okay, dude.
What's up?
Not much, dude.
Okay.
Okay.
That's been nice talking to you.
You got that you were using the word purse to cap today.
Oh, yeah.
Someone who is really sharp and aware.
That's right.
Someone who can see through all the BS.
Someone who can cut through the melange of mung that kind of surrounds our lives.
I get to the substance of your show, Neon.
Yeah, that's it.
Two substance.
That's the substance that melange of mung.
And when you mix that up with some veal parmesan, you put it in the microwave, boy.
You really got something.
Yeah, you get the equals out the bird.
Yeah.
Do you want to know what it means?
Can you see a vulture stuffed with veal parmesan lightly basted and cooked at 350 and you
open for about two and a half hours for it?
Yeah, that sounds really good.
When you take it, when you look at that, that equals out your morning superstar.
Yeah.
A lean.
Oh, yeah.
No, I think I would take about four mounds of mung the equal Arlene, just one chic, I think.
So, you should not do it in the news anymore.
Well, Arlene is going to be a real superstar starting next mung day, I think.
We've got little new wrinkles in our morning news, as a matter of fact.
And can I give you just a little preview?
You want to hear it?
Yeah, go ahead.
Okay, here's a little preview of the morning news on WYNZ.
Six die in earthquake in LA.
42 parations, jet crash.
Suicide on the metro rail.
Details in sixty seconds.
That's a preview of our new format.
We want to get everybody in a good mood, you know.
That's pretty good, I like that.
Yeah.
Would you come up with that?
With what?
Hey, listen, we've got it all here.
We've got stuff on tape that hasn't been invented yet.
We're just waiting for them to invent it so we can play it.
Oh, you know that, uh, that, uh, which McCaw's the striker shuffle?
Yeah.
I don't like that.
That's kind of boring.
You should I like that.
Now somebody wanted to hear it.
And the guys obviously in withdrawal, had picked skin withdrawal.
Okay, we wanted to be calling from Boka.
No, there was another guy from Boka.
That's the guy with a Hungarian girlfriend.
After holding on the phone for so long, I start going into a mental lab.
Well, they all start melding in together, lies in the melding pot.
Actually, I was the next caller and then, and then I got cut off right before the news.
What do you mean?
You for the noon, noon news?
Uh, noon news?
All right, I guess who's your new board off?
Board off?
Yes.
You had a new board off, didn't you?
Kyle was gone?
Kyle has gone in Bob Rowland as our new engineer.
Don't say board off.
That's such a demeaning, you know.
I'm sorry.
I mean, he is only making two and a half bucks an hour, but still board off is such a demeaning term, you know?
Okay, fine.
He's our technical assistant engineer, choreographer, douchebag.
Is the office drive trained?
Nobody.
It's a wicked lunch.
I'll tell you that.
Can you tell you he's an engineer?
See, one thing I'm a little worried about.
Kyle is a, like, a finicky eater and was very picky.
And as a result, when we used to get a lot of free meals in here at noon time,
we didn't have to worry about him eating us out of house and home.
There was a lot left for everybody else.
Bob, on the other hand, can, you know, really put it away.
I have no question about that.
Is he, like, a 200-pounder?
No, but he, you know, he hasn't missed many meals.
Like, there's no question.
So we could be in for a lot of trouble.
In fact, he and the bird may come to, I was going to say, may come to blows at some point,
but I'm sure some people in the audience would misinterpret that.
And we don't want to do that.
We don't want to room Bob's image.
As far as the bird's concerned, what is there to protect?
Yes, we see the ring.
But we don't.
We understand.
That's always a good front.
What's that?
All right.
I forgot why I was calling it white.
I'm going to start.
You know, I'm going to start wearing a wedding ring.
Do you think they would help my image?
Of course, I'm going to wear it in my ears.
So that might, in my right ear, but that might change something.
If you wore a wedding ring, that might kill your actions.
You think so?
Yeah, definitely.
Well, I don't think there's any to kill, so don't worry about it.
Well, listen, have a wonderful life.
I'm not so sure I know what we talked about, but it was good for me.
Help, Neil.
Yes.
I'm down. You're getting ahead of yourself.
Was it good for you, Steve?
It was great.
Okay.
I do have this reason I did call.
Oh, yeah. I'm sure there must have been one.
Yes, the perspicacity.
Oh, yes.
You wanted to give me the definition of perspicacious.
If you don't even remember why I called it.
Okay. Well, it seemed like hours ago.
Okay. It's a key mental perception.
Right.
You say that like you already knew what it meant.
I do know what it means.
I just already told you moments ago what it means.
Did?
It means the ability to see through all the BS, to be very perceptive.
Oh, I thought you were just...
I was just yanking your nose.
Oh, yes.
And what I was doing when I told you, you think I would use words that I don't know the meaning of?
Like Don Webb?
Come on.
Or I'd go to hell.
Get there. Get there, you.
All right. Well, if you know it then, you know it.
To know it is to love it.
And to love it is to know it.
You got it. Listen, have a wonderful day and the great circus.
I'm sure it's coming up almost any day now.
Yeah. Same to you, too.
Thanks a lot.
Anya, bye.
Well, what a good group of calls we've had today.
I don't know what it is. There must be something in the water or in the year.
1232 at WINZ.
Our next caller.
Well, this could break the trend because it's from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah. See, I told you, I just knew it.
I'm getting like psychic lately, like Reverend the Enema.
I'm getting really psychic.
I just can always tell when there's that Fort Lauderdale thing.
And they never speak to us in Fort Lauderdale.
Probably because there are a bunch of Nazis on the line over there.
You know what I'm saying?
Some of those brown shirts, real Nazis in Fort Lauderdale.
I want to chase all the young kids out and just generally,
are a bunch of fascist pigs.
I think that's, that's fair.
Oh, is this caller from Fort Lauderdale, too? Hello.
It's a lie. I'm not a Nazi.
Okay. Good line, sir. How you doing, Rick?
How you doing, Neil?
Just a joke. Just a joke, Rickie.
I'm doing good.
Good. I caught Steve's show Saturday afternoon.
Yeah.
Was he kidding or what about that Don Johnson tape?
Wait a minute. Did you notice?
Oh, my God.
Did you notice that? That was Don.
Yeah, I noticed that. He must have played it about six times.
Six thousand times.
By actual count.
I started counting him at 207.
Six thousand times.
Last week on the show, you did a good talk up to Tina Turner's song.
He did real good on that.
Excellent. This matter, Joey, only played one record all morning.
This morning, he stepped on it. I couldn't believe it.
Also, last Friday during your news break, I switched over to the IELV dreams
and they're playing that trivial pursuit.
Oh, that's my favorite. We had two calls on Friday on this show.
And I heard that.
The people who listen to that show are so stupid, they can't even dial the right number.
That's why it tuned in and you weren't believing in the background.
He drops in a card of a clock ticking.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that's great.
By the way, the answer I was expecting a butthole you're good.
And the top it off with you.
No, wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. Don't let's just pass by butthole you.
Do you know that he was the first radio superman?
Superman?
He played Superman on the radio, yes.
Yeah, it should sound like he'd be the plot to me.
Yeah.
And the top it off, I heard one of their traffic reports.
Oh, boy.
Clarence on Alton Road on the beaches, yeah.
Another drop in with the jet engine starting up.
I couldn't believe it.
Oh, boy.
They are really something, aren't they?
Wait till this book comes out. They're going to be begging for points.
I mean, that Bill McQuig is so nice that I'm going to be sick.
Yeah.
You know, thank you for calling and he uses your first name.
Yeah, thank you for being alive and thank you for even thinking about listening to this joke and all of that stuff.
Yeah.
Did you play the NSL pick-and-line shuffle this hour?
The pick-and-line shuffle.
That's the one where it sounds like the bear is a super-bull shuffle.
Not the one you played.
No, I know.
I don't know where the hell that is.
We got so much cramp here, you know what I'm saying?
It's in Stans rack.
Oh, here it is.
The pick-and-line shuffle.
I just looked up and there it was.
Yeah.
And you know what it's on the cart?
You know what it's on the cart?
Stand by me.
No.
It's a lie.
I am not a Nazi.
Okay, I got it right here.
What's the talk about at the water courts?
I know.
Can you hear what our dinner did?
We pay hundreds of thousands of dollars to try to make it happen and he still won't go away.
Okay, listen, have a great life and it's coming up almost momentarily.
Thanks a lot.
Have a good day.
You too.
We are the stars of the NFL.
The 87 season can't go to hell.
The owners of us were no good.
So we're all strikes like with every word.
You know we're not strikeable.
We want free agency for everyone.
We're not here.
There's not no trouble.
We're just here to do the pick-and-line shuffle.
They call me up y'all the no-she-eater.
I used to be over the radar.
Now I ain't got no law degree but the owners don't want to mess with me.
I ain't no rimp in a pinstripe today.
If they want that they can call the coup d'ethe.
I'm not here.
Look it forward, trouble.
I'm just here to do the pick-and-line shuffle.
Well I'm Jack Donovan, the owner of the guy.
We ain't got a compromise.
We're making money and overfishing.
So we don't care who guys are.
Well, millionaires.
When I lose.
Just from the TV revenue.
We'll play with Chad to make a bundle.
So while y'all stop going, just a pick-and-line shuffle.
We are the styles that we're all fat.
We are demand or take high.
That's what it's half for, hundredth aisle.
And if the owners have a compromise.
We know it's not.
It's back and forth.
We want free agency for everyone.
We're not here.
There's not no trouble.
We're just here to do the pick-and-line shuffle.
By the way, you notice it's 24-to-one.
And lunch is still not here.
You think that Dave and the bird have eloped?
You think they've run off together?
Because before they left, Dave said something about killing one bird with two stones.
Something like that.
Kind of a twist on an old bind.
Okay, here's our Hungarian dedication today.
Step on it, Joey.
He went away and you were around.
And bothered me a lot.
I wouldn't go out with you because things that just work very tight.
My boy, Bob, and you're gonna be in trouble.
When you say it, this guy that had an example.
You've been spreading a stroke that I was unsure of.
He looked out there because it's coming out with you.
He looked out there because he was coming out with you.
He goes with you, Ben's crying.
He's doing well because he's new.
He's a god, but still on time.
But now he's back and being able to be alive.
You're gonna be sorry you weren't ever born.
You're gonna be fine just for you to get some back in some different stroke.
You're gonna be fine just for you to get some back in some different stroke.
You're gonna be fine just for you to get some back in some different stroke.
I hate you.
I hate you when I'll use a thick of a load.
What?
Healing.
My boy, you've been saying my appreciation.
I should be like yesterday on your permanent message.
I can see him coming.
See if you really got a good idea.
You didn't start running.
You were a big boy, you got a good idea.
That's you got a thought.
So by me, he's a cancer, and all your hateful lies.
My boy friend, back to the victim of a body trouble.
My boy, my boy, my girl, my girl, my girl.
My boy, my girl, my girl, my girl, my girl.
My girl, my girl, my girl, my girl, my girl.
Oh, I hate you.
I hate you when I say I hate you.
Don't do that.
You've got to be become better.
I hate you.
I hate you.
Don't do that.
I hate you.
Don't do that.
Don't do that.
Don't do that.
You're gonna be a good girl.
How are you?
I'm fine.
I thought you asked.
You want gifts?
Yes.
Don Johnson's here to get a haircut.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello?
Yeah, Bob.
Hello?
I'll leave.
Hello?
Hello.
Pardon me?
I think that was gone.
You notice that?
Did you notice that?
Yeah.
That sounded like Johnson, didn't it?
Sure it is.
Isn't that incredible?
Absolutely.
He said no change.
It sounds just like Don Johnson.
What do you think, sir?
Time to identify.
He'll even be a baby.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, you're welcome.
20 minutes till one at WINZ.
I bet you he plays that 400 times again today.
The man is obsessed.
Obsessed.
Boy, can we send him out to a San Diego with Spindel for some decoloning or something out there?
Something is gonna happen to him.
North Miami or New Mexico.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
I am my first time, Carla.
Great.
Now, you're sure it's unbeat legal.
You can say it again.
Unbeat legal.
Excellent.
Can I make a request?
Hello?
Yes.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Come on, Stan.
Go ahead, sir.
Yes, I like to play You'll be Ili.
You'll be Ili.
Yes.
How can you explain to us while I'm desperate?
I thought we already played that.
No, I didn't.
I just tuned in.
Well, you just tuned in.
You think we're just gonna stop the whole show and just play it for you, right?
But no, I thought you'd play a couple more requests that the Super Bowl shuffles and all that other stuff.
Not the Super Bowl shuffles.
That was the playoff.
That was the All Star game shuffle, the Pro Bowl shuffle.
You know something?
This card, it never stops.
It's like how the continuous loop, the one with the Don Johnson, never stops.
Really?
It's incredible.
Well, let me ask you if you ask you if you can interpret what this record means.
You'll be Ili.
I mean, is that the common lingo like in Carroll City in an overtown these days?
Opalaka.
Opalaka, that'd be big, huh?
Yeah.
You'll be Ili?
Well, they always be Ili and Opalaka.
And you know that Ili everywhere, just this.
I'll be going for lunch right now.
It's probably lunch going to show up around three this afternoon.
Yeah, you're body-ealing now, huh?
Yeah.
Well, listen, if we can't play the whole thing, we'll wait a minute.
Wait a minute, listen.
There it be.
Okay, you have a good day now.
Okay, you too.
Stay out of Kentucky Fry.
Okay.
And churches.
And vote, gentlemen.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Look, what day was I was just too late?
And you took your drive ticket?
Cause mine and my friend is the evening food and pickle.
Make it into the stool.
And you're staying in time of money.
And you went up to the heart of my home and you and his money.
And you didn't run straight.
And you got inside.
We asked the story of Lady.
Oh, this is just looking right.
How are you?
I'm fine.
I'm both good.
You won't do it.
Yes.
Don Johnson, you get a haircut.
To leave, hey, get in.
I knew my friend.
He takes a corner and in order for a big ride.
You be LA.
No, you know what?
What's the time?
You be LA.
LA.
You be LA.
You be LA.
You be LA.
LA.
You be LA.
You be LA.
You be LA.
You be.
You be.
You be.
You agree with me, right?
That's right super.
So your t Teresa We have to go up to you.
two in here. Wait a minute. Hold on a minute. This four. Are you sure? Yeah. All right,
let's count. Now what happened is some Jackass in the audience that called up and canceled
the whole order. Yep. Someone with obviously a rich and full life. Yeah. Some idiot in
this audience called up, canceled the order and the people in the colas were nice enough
to just give it to us. Just give us all of this. Just the computer. What is in the other
bag now? This one. This is probably two more days. Right? Why don't we open a date and
find out? Wouldn't that be a good idea? Is it two more dinners that looks like a lasagna
probably? A little salad? Oh boy. So you see it really turned out well. Yeah. We want
to get in free lunch and Bob's lunch is here. And now listen, just relax. I'm going to
just fix it. It'll bring it to you. Just calm down. All you know, he's your supervisor.
He's an engineering. We have nothing to do with the board. Now we have no color. He's
been demoted to board. I'm not what about in that bag where there are 8,000 nice forks and
spoons in there. These people panning. Little nodded. We get some Parmesan cheese. Yes.
We did. Did you hear my urgent message? We got a whole couple. Now what are you guys
going to eat? Okay. Good. Okay. The audience can rest easy now. Some idiot out there.
Some misfit. Did this a great favor? Look at Max standing there like a cheshire cat. Can't
you watch us eat? That's the new thing. We invite people to come watch us eat. Remember
we were talking about the people that we never see ever. Yeah. And all of a sudden boom.
There he is. Three from the FM in your hearts. Never see him ever. Now it's going to be really
painful to have to see him every day, isn't it? Anyway, moving right along. Just a joke, Max.
Just a joke. Don't there read anything into that. Oh, there's my spaghetti. That looks good.
My pasta. And tonight, of course, at 8 o'clock at the melting pot in Coral Springs on
sample road just east of Pine Island. I'm going to be going back into the closet at the melting
pot tonight. This is good. Well, I haven't even eaten it yet, but I can tell you it's
good. I haven't tried. Oh, the parmesan. Oh, pasta parmesan. Hey, listen, no sweat.
You know, no problem. Boy, when I invited this guy to come eat with us, he wasn't, you
know, he wasn't joking about it. He was dead serious. You must admit that we have fed
you fairly well. Look at that. He's eating all of the parmesan cheese. Yeah. Now what
we're going to do is we're going to take this to the melting pot tonight and put it in fondue.
Spaghetti fondue. Without the good or what? Look at the size of these meatballs, will you?
Boy, it looks like legiolet was here. Okay, I think what we'll do is try to control yourself.
But did you get your food? Okay. See, Bob's happy now. That maniac, John McLaughlin, he
wouldn't work this shift and he doesn't realize you lost all the free food. Of course, he
doesn't eat anyway. He's too hyper to eat. He doesn't sit still long enough. But if you guys
have a good trip, are you okay now, you two? I'm very nervous about you. There's something
I was, those are tough directions. The good thing he came with. Yeah. See, that's not easy to find.
Did he get you there in one piece? Yeah. Okay. Didn't molest you or anything in the car?
No. Okay. What are you laughing about? I'm worried about you. I mean, you're just, you know,
unpredictable these days. That's probably the reason. That's why women and children, we were glad it
took a long time. Lama's nervous. Oh, yeah. I was, no, I said that. I thought you were loked.
The two of you, you ran on together with Elvis Jr. and Michelle. Okay, let's take a break. The
audience hasn't got any idea what the hell we're talking about him. He's serious help. You know,
serious, serious help. Am I right? Did he play that about 6,000 times or what?
So we have the engineers have the oscilloscope all set up this afternoon for to analyze that tape.
We're going to compare it to, they're going to analyze that tape. Wow. They're waiting. I
wonder if they're going to call in Dr. Bendova for a consultation and insert that card just in the
right spot. Oh, that's down. I'd know that anywhere. North Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Good.
The lunch is sensational. Yeah, well, I have something to comment on the lunch. But first, I want to
do a trip with the Santa, is that all right? Sure. All right. Here it is. Hey, pal, that movie,
Mung by me, that's strictly Miami Vice Material. What do you think there? Cubs.
That's, hey, wait a minute. This sound like done. Didn't I? I just came from Dr. Bendova. I'm still
trying to get that card out. I'll tell you one thing. If he plays it too many more times, Stan is
going to have to get that card off. Cool. Stan, what, what is it? You say unbelievable. You can say that
again. I'm telling you. Anyways, I was listening that you said something. Are you going to get the
body wrapped? Is that true? Yep. Okay. Well, I got a suggestion. I'm going to get my body wrapped in
a field Parmesan. This will definitely help your weight problem and also that you're being a
diabetic. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Hold it. Hold it. I just had a brainstorm before you
go on. I apologize for interrupting, but I had a great brainstorm if they surrounded me with Parmesan
cheater like with provolone and sprinkled it with Parmesan. They put me in a microwave. Would I be
will that make me feel Parmesan? Pass it over. Anyway, I could be the real deal. Go ahead,
sir. I'm sorry. I got carried away. You've got me a little frustrated. A frustrated, what is the
way? Well, frustrated. First, the cases. Anyhow, this, I don't know if you've ever heard of it,
it's like an Alcat blood testing facility called CX Research. What they do is they test all
these foods against your blood. It's like real high technology deal, which I've had down. They
check all this, I think it is like 150 foods against your blood cells and tell you which foods
you're allergic to. Oh, yeah. And reactive. So I didn't know if you were interested in doing that.
I have a number for them. If you'd like to contact them, then I guarantee that you will lose weight
when they find out what foods you are allergic to. I don't think that you'll sleep better,
you'll feel better now. Sure. So what good would your low blood sugar? Yeah. And well,
immediately and I heard two million dollars. So that's one morning, young and handsome, and
everything will be great. Well, like I said, you know, I just call on him to see if I can help
better. She'd like the number I will give it to you. Sure. I won't give it on a year,
but you can give it to me and I'll dump it. Go ahead. No. Okay. Where was he?
You still there? Where was he? Was that you?
Hello. Yeah. Okay. Well, I have a bad memory.
Anyways, the show is going really great. I thought we'd just try and boost it out with a little bit of
yeah, a little bit of sound nutrition or something. Yeah. Well, like I say, my time is bad.
Right when you're lunch comes. No, no, nothing. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Hold it.
Isn't pasta supposed to be good for you? Didn't they're all talking about pasta and the
fiber and starch? Yeah. Nothing in there bad for you. No, there's nothing in here real bad.
I mean, a couple of meatballs, but they look familiar. Well, let's say the truth now.
Piece of wood. Yeah, a little wood. I have read I have read a lot on this in general and
wheat they say slows down your thinking process. Okay. So all the pasta that you're eating can take
the high amount of wheat. We the prize that wheat is one of the biggest allergies among everything.
Oh, I know that. I know that I'm allergic to it because I love pasta, but it makes me, um,
I feel like mung after I eat it. I like, uh, well, wheat.
If you'd like to go down to that, I thought it might help us to bat butter that songwork.
Like we'll ride it. And, uh, it just, it's just crumpling your lifestyle a little bit for our
eating. Okay. Well, I appreciate it. And you have a nice day. You've got to get more.
Thanks. Bye. Bye. I noticed that you put that back in the bag. You didn't eat hardly any of that.
Yeah, you don't have to eat anymore. Just a pleased man. He doesn't eat. I let's, oh, you left the meatball.
Meatballs. Oh, uh, Max will take care of that. Leave it to Max. Leave the balls. Oh, yeah.
Just leave it. What? Max will be in. No, Max will be. I'll have your meatball on my balls. Oh, Dave.
Hey, yeah. Enjoy. Do you think that there's something symbolic about that?
Oh, God. I'm going to go off into the stand made your fantasy world now.
No, I explained that to him right off the bat. Didn't I explain that to you yesterday?
On the way to the track because you don't have to worry about me. No, I'm not worried. And I, uh,
he was trying desperately to get my hand off his leg, but, you know, but anyway,
now you don't eat. You see what I'm saying? Now that's why he's skinny. Is he skinny or what? Yeah. Yeah.
You need to gain another 20 pounds and you'd be perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Then I would, then I would put my hand
on your leg. Okay. It's four minutes before one. Can't believe he gave me this offering. I think
that there's something Freudian in there. Don't you? Well, you go ahead and thank that. I
encourage you a little bit. You're supposed to encourage me, uh, you know, have hope for
there's life. There's hope for some of us to be where there's life. There's growth. Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Hi.
I knew what a great voice. Are you telling that before? Hi. You well, you still have the same
great voice. Who is this? Um, Diane. Hi, Diane. Hi, Neil. I'm calling about staying. Oh, boy.
On him, um, Saturday. I was hyperventilating by the time that was time for him to go off the air. He
drove me crazy about on. Yeah. I mean, Don, who cares? I mean, the point where, you know, if I never
hear his name and again, it'll be, it'll be too soon. You know, I thought we had him
cured of that. He went for quite a while and I convinced him. The whole audience tried desperately
convinced him. They don't care. They're burned out. And he's got about five morons out there.
They'll keep reinforcing it. You know, every time he does that, he's got these five groupies
of calling. Oh, yeah. That episode's right. Yeah. And he just, he keeps regressing. He's
lapsing back into it. I was having such a bad day on Saturday and I thought, well, let me turn
on the fan here and, you know, all this, so good talk. And all I heard was Don this and Don
that and that tape. Oh, God. Eight billion times. Oh, boy. That's why I'm getting the tape warmed
up for today. You know, like a picture warming up in the bull family. I want to make sure it's ready
for a real heavy workout. And please bury it somewhere. Okay. We should hide it. I won't say where.
Okay. You know, I've got something you might be interested in, but off the air if I could
ask you for a moment. Sure. To give you. Okay. How do I do that? Where is she? Okay. Let me
put you back on hold. Now, what line is she on? Excuse me for interrupting the lunch. You know,
right? Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Jechi.
It's a good time for the great taste.
Okay, and while you're at it with that magnum, I want to wait a little bit.
Just a joke, Donald.
Just a joke.
They seem to be losing their sense of humor.
What little they had left over there, you know?
Very little.
And he plays that same mystery tape editor thing with the three stooges and the scratching
of the crotch or whatever that air every morning gets ended on every day.
That's one station.
You don't need to have a watch.
You don't need to listen for time checks because if you just hear the bits that they're
playing, you know what time of day it is, right?
But what happened to Neil Rogers theater?
Gone.
Gone.
Cancelled.
Yeah.
Poor ratings.
Dinner at McDonald's.
Poor ratings on that show.
You better believe it.
As you say, my things are canceled.
Yeah.
They're all getting these pledges.
Have you noticed that?
Are they doing it?
They're always getting pledges for quarter hours.
Yeah.
They're getting pledges for losers.
I come.
You don't do that.
We just pledge allegiance to our very best.
It's a gift to our duty.
Oh, by the way, some pervert handed me the TV guide, page A31 this week, close up.
Stand by me.
And if that isn't the dirtiest picture I've ever seen in my life, I mean, look at those
two kids.
They're getting ready to do something, aren't they?
Yeah.
Or else just finish one or the other.
Look at that.
River Phoenix is lighting a cigarette.
What does that mean?
Woo.
Doesn't it talk about in there how it would in a claim and affecting portrait of the
joys and securities and pains of boyhood friendships is drawn in this disgusting.
Come on.
Uh, directed by Rob Reiner of this is spinal pap famed.
Yes.
The story because the summer of 1959 is told and I'm extended flashback.
I mean, extended by writer Gordon Gordy LaChance Richard Reifers.
Uh-huh.
As a 12 year old and as played by Will Wheaton.
Go ahead.
Gordon was quietly in a tiny Oregon town.
His older brother had been killed in an accident that spring and his parents have largely ignored
Gordy ever since.
And if you were as nerdy as Gordy, your parents would ignore you too.
His comfort comes from his three best friends, Chris River Phoenix who came.
Oh, sorry.
Came from a bad family.
And everybody knew he turned out bad, including Chris.
Teddy Corey Feldman, whose clowning masks deep bitterness and verongerio con la gullable
chubby, disgusting looking chatterbox.
One day, Verne tells the others that he knows where to find the body of a missing boy.
Extracted by the prospect of doing something to the body and maybe getting their pictures
in the paper, the four set out.
You notice how we slip that right in there.
The four set out on a 20 to 30 mile trek along railroad tracks.
Along the way they share feelings, spilled tears and other things, and exchanged laughs on
everything from mothers, goofy and a certain girl mouse could tear to the relative strengths
of Superman and mighty mouse.
Rated R for strong language.
I thought the hour was for ridiculous.
Let me look up direct here in my book.
Oh, boy.
You can't give the definition of that.
I know.
I just want to see what they say.
It is crap, junk, worthless trash.
Oh, that's very safe on their part.
99% of the output in any field is direct.
Yeah.
Like put up by horse's cows in the mighty hero.
Exactly.
Yeah.
OK, well, what do you think?
You want to take some more calls?
Up to you.
I'll get to enthusiasm.
You know what I mean?
I know.
Is like the long pause here.
Do we have to go to Fort Lauderdale?
Yeah, we have to go to the payphone first.
OK, pay-can you envision some porcelain on a payphone they've been standing there for
ages?
I hope he's in Oaches.
Are you in Oaches?
Hello.
Yeah.
How you doing, Bill?
Good.
I've been chilling here for about a half hour.
Well, well, you've been chilling and we've been ill and serious, so it all works out.
It all evens out.
Yeah.
Well, anyway.
It all evens out in the end.
I'm a first-time caller.
And nervous is hell.
As you've been probably telling.
We can tell.
Huh?
We can tell.
Now, there's no pressure.
There's only about, you know, 80 or 100,000 people listening.
Don't panic.
Oh, fine, mom.
Anyway, I just got the turnpike here.
I had to go to the free payphone with the penalty of a comical call.
They keep paying out for me.
Let me ask you a question.
You know a good pawn shop.
I got this necklace.
No, but I got a good Latin American cafeteria.
I got a good Latin American cafeteria across the world.
Really?
Huh?
What?
Is it the Camatariya Santeria?
I think so.
I see some cats and dogs hanging outside.
That's the one, yeah.
But anyway, they call me the Dunger.
And it's not bent over.
It's just cousin Rowan.
Rowan over.
Oh, I get it.
Yeah, I got it.
Pretty good.
I came here to welcome you.
There's a lot of traffic.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Like I said, I'm just off the turnpike.
But anyway.
My favorite is that catwalk.
The Latin American cafeteria is the Persian Parmesan.
It's my favorite.
It's very good.
Nice atmosphere.
Very quaint.
Quiet, if you like.
That's highest atmosphere.
I don't know.
Yeah.
The service is actually when prices are...
But the owner called in yesterday and said it was a dog eat dog business.
Well, I didn't get the dog's bags to go.
So I didn't.
Okay.
You were saying something and I interrupted you and it was very rude of me to do.
I can't hear anyone.
Okay.
I had to work and I'm a sign out here.
Like I said.
Anyway, good show.
I don't want to bore you to death.
Well, they hired the bird.
And I'll be calling again.
Thank you so much.
Take care.
I'll read the very chat.
Okay, you didn't want to bore us to that.
But we could have...
No, he was okay.
Come on, give him a break.
He's a...
Maybe he will call back with the name of a pawn shop.
Are you sure that's really insisted when he said, yeah?
What else did he say?
That you're an asshole.
Me only?
Not you.
You and Stan.
And Stan.
Not just any word on him.
He said one day, asshole.
I'm going to gather both of you.
That's rough.
That's rough.
Pretty rough, Jamie.
But I don't blame you.
You didn't even give a...
Thank you.
You said I like him.
Thank you.
You gave me a nice gold necklace.
Two of them.
Would I give you a little sign?
You give me back a little bit.
You gave me back a little bit.
Yeah, he did.
Talk about him.
Talk about him.
I don't come here to thank him.
I know.
You should have thought.
Because I wanted to get rid of him.
I'm not looking for gifts for my good father.
I think you have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
You have a good father.
I heard you ordering lunch.
I heard you ordering lunch.
I heard you ordering lunch.
I heard you ordering lunch.
I heard you ordering lunch.
I heard you ordering lunch.
I heard you ordering lunch.
I heard you ordering lunch.
I heard you ordering lunch.
I heard you ordering lunch.
I heard you ordering lunch.
I heard you ordering lunch.
Mama Bat?
Say,
Years after her earlier late- Tiernair material.
14 seriously injured Metro rail derails in the gator.
Judge Bork threatens to suspend the Constitution.
Detailed in the weather in 60 seconds.
The
happy news on the
end.
They got a sense of humor here or what?
The meme that marks cool man I'm telling you that guy.
Is he for brother to bully CUNY thing?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh boy.
That's a week.
That says it all doesn't it?
I thought it was beauty.
David Bowie.
David Bowie was here a couple of weekends ago right?
He was in the bomb city.
Didn't he bomb a little bit?
Yeah.
You didn't go to see that didn't he?
Not into David Bowie.
Nobody went to see him.
You hate him?
Yeah I don't like him.
Who would you pay to go see?
I was going to just see Boston.
But I kind of a wimpy group.
Little wimpy.
Now?
Here at Tangany.
You don't think Boston will wimpy?
No.
They would play Boston on Zeta would they?
Don't know.
They have a way.
Like this one they were playing BTO which is good.
Yeah.
But a little too heavy for the morning.
They were playing Dooby brothers.
Good.
CCR.
Doors.
The doors.
CCR.
Doors.
Forget how it goes.
It's like one of the like one from column A, one from column B.
Then we throw in BTO.
Yeah they play a lot of music in the morning.
Oh do they?
Yeah.
Oh I don't know because I don't listen that much.
I just punch it up once so I see what they're playing.
They were whining about being temporary.
Were they doing that again?
Were they whining?
Still whining.
Boy.
They better get it out of their system.
Okay.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale isn't going to crap out again.
Is it?
No.
Oh thank you so much.
Close.
You just saved the whole city of Fort Lauderdale.
Thank goodness.
I wouldn't want the city of Fort Lauderdale to diminish.
Yeah.
Especially with that great mayor you've got.
This is Larry's lady who brought to the ice cream.
Oh god.
Wouldn't we kill for some of that right now?
Oh listen.
I just wanted to thank you for the gracious acceptance on your behalf of our gift.
Wait a minute.
You want to run that by me again?
No I want to thank you for graciously accepting the gift that we brought you.
Oh.
What gift?
Oh the ice cream.
I don't listen.
The gift that was fantastic.
Well listen just keep that scoop handy.
You know you'll never know what you'll need it for.
What you do with that scoop?
What did I do with this scoop?
Yes.
I didn't do anything with this scoop.
It's here somewhere.
Okay.
Well don't lose it.
No I won't lose it.
Okay.
Are you going to bring some more ice cream?
If you'd like some I'd love to.
Oh my god that was.
And I'm not supposed to be eating a lot of ice cream.
And you noticed I didn't eat a lot that day.
Well you ate it for the whole half hour left I'm showing.
I loved every minute of it.
But I ate a little amount of it slowly.
I did not feel enough.
For all the money.
For the whole time.
For the crunching and the snacking of the lips and that's all you need to hear.
Yeah.
You should listen.
Oh yeah.
I'm not eating my lips.
Well I think that's the first day Dave was here.
Are you here with the ice creamers here?
No.
Oh for you.
You missed it.
It's the only food that he's missed in a week and a half.
That's the same.
We'll have to run it by you again.
We'll sure be ready.
Believe me.
We're always ready.
Thanks a lot Neil.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
We're ready for Larry's boy.
Boy that was good stuff wasn't it?
I didn't have any.
But you know it wasn't like some of that other stuff.
You know what I'm saying?
Like from some of those other places.
And these people are nice people too.
You don't want to give any.
You notice how he ignores?
He just put no attention to what I say.
You know what I say?
I was like a little interaction of it going.
Now it's like I'm going in this direction.
He's just rising to a pinnacle.
I listen to every word you do.
Like from the top of the tower.
You know you said that it's not like some of that other ice cream at other places.
Did you ever see them put a new beacon light on top of one of the towers?
Mm-hmm.
Boy.
You're going to be the supervisor up there.
Just kind of hover over there.
The vulture is hovering over the tower.
Waiting for Richard van Hook to fall off.
You want to go climb towers today?
Yeah.
I think after the show, we'll log climb.
We'll pick a tower, we'll climb to the top.
We get like seven out there, you know?
At least.
How many do we have?
I don't think seven, six.
Six.
See, I've got them.
Plenty.
I know every day.
You can look out the window of your office and see them.
But it's a little tough.
You can count them every day.
I count them every day.
You should be there all the way here.
Well, for a little while anyway.
21 past one at WINZ, 43,000 watts.
Today, and we'll come back right after this.
This is me, I would have been disgraceful.
Okay, just reminiscing over some of the ways
you've last night at Poppano.
Oh, you know, it's early in the season.
You have to wake a little form,
and they've all been over the track a few times.
And you've had a chance to, you know,
cleanse your soul a little bit, plunge and clean out your wallet,
and start fresh with new money.
They like your new money.
And we're going to make a little call out, Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call you back.
It's been a visit.
It seems.
I haven't made a promise for break off yet.
and it's turning the mustard color on the wings.
And if I was auerit GSI,
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
If you can't do that from the logger tape, by the way.
In the morrow, we're gonna play that 700 times at first hour.
In the morrow.
Over and over then after about the 700 times.
That's when you get the flavor of it.
Then after about the 700 times that's when you get the flavor of it.
It syncs in and you know for sure who it was, to me a favor don't call any answerings
in South Miami today.
Oh, why is there a bad message?
Yeah, I think so.
Well we can dump it if it's bad.
The battery is gone.
phone. A new segment on WINZ. When it be something of was Henry Winkler?
He wears a lot of lipstick, Henry Winkler, isn't he? Not in the movie just like in regular
life. He wears heavy lipstick. Good message on this. I'll be some moron. Obviously doesn't
hook up his machine right. Obviously not home very lucky for somebody we all know.
Mac tonight a hit but grounds out the mcmessage it says. And there's a picture of the moonhead.
It says look out old Mac might not be back. Lunar Kruner Mac tonight who sings the praises
of dinner at McDonald's and TV ads has ended. A five week test wrong. What a wrong reaction
to the crescent head character who sings rewritten lyrics to the tune of Bobby Derrads
I think it's not hit Mac tonight was phenomenal. Phenomenal says McDonald's spokeswoman Terry
Mick Capitosto. As many as 1500 people showed up to meet back when he appeared at a Chicago
Rory McDonald's restaurant. And it just it goes on forever. But the fast food king might
not bring Mac back because he distracted you from the idea they tried to persuade you
about buying dinner there. You mentioned buying dinner when that spot plays it's nauseating
to begin with because it's been on eight million times. But when they say dinner at McDonald's
that's when you start just laughing hysteric dinner at McDonald's. Oh yeah get the whole
family and go out for a big Mac tonight that'd be dinner. A big Mac and a big fly. Speaking
of TV's reputation here he is ladies and gentlemen. But nothing is going to dissuade him
from his appointed rounds because he is an absolute ecstasy looking. Looks like a man's
set free a man released from every ounce that we could rip him for hours on end. In fact
maybe that's a good idea but no nothing's going to bring him down so to speak. Okay let's
take some more calls and we do have that number which I'm saving for a future notice.
Great. For a lot of deal. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. My
talk time Saturday and I wait a minute. Wait a minute. Do you recognize this voice? That's
done. That's done. Okay. I know that voice anywhere. Done. How you doing? I'm going
to go ahead. I'm sorry. I got carried away. It was fun. Do you want to stand by me? No.
No. Did I watch it? Yeah I talked on Saturday and you said you were going to watch it
and we were going to talk about it a little. You didn't hear the beginning of the show
today. We did like an hour on. We didn't hour on it. Are you good? I got a question. Go ahead
a question. Well put it as a dog. Mickey's a mouse and sounds as duck. So what's good to be?
Now have I. I've heard this question somewhere before. What's the answer? I don't know. What's
the answer Mr. Expert? That was like the big thing in the movie. You know the big thing.
Maybe he needs a little inspiration. Hold on. I'm just one second. I think he
leads a little inspiration with it. Okay. Here we go. It's Bill McQuince clock. It's
beat the clock. No the bird. I'm. And I'm stumped. I could have swore I had done
jobs. Yeah. So what's the answer? I don't know the answer. Nervous
cackles because I think you stumped them. I'm not. What's the question? What's the
dog making the mouth down the duck? What's the. I don't know. Did they answer? They didn't
answer. They couldn't figure it out. Right. I can't figure it out either. Well listen. Listen.
Enough of this stupid trivia. I want to direct your attention. You get TV guide. Yeah.
By the store. Well that's what I meant. All right. Listen. I'm page A31 of this week.
So let's see October 30. This is an eyewater. This week I've got this one already.
On page A31 cable close up. Stand by. Stand by me. Okay. Let's see Saturday 8 p.m.
455 a.m. on Wednesday. On Max tonight. Oh, it went. Wednesday. P.m. and H. B. O.
tonight at 8 p.m. on cinematics. And also at 4.10 in the morning and Friday at 11 p.m.
I think I'll get up at 4.10 this morning and watch it. Great idea. Listen to the U2 radio
network this morning. Anyways, I was starting to say there is this. There's a
translation picture of River Phoenix and Will Wheaton. Okay. I thought that I'm not
well. You are when you mentioned his name as Will Wheaton. Yeah. I said it was a good
thing. River didn't eat wheat because it's bad for him. Yeah. A lot of allergies here
on wheat. Isn't that what the guy said before? Yeah. Well, like I said, they made it pretty
like you're doing to do the shock radio thing. No. Well, they were doing their impression
of shock radio. A flock radio? Yeah. They've been doing that for a long time over there.
They tell the bad joke they'd shock themselves. Oh, yeah. So that you know the show is over
on my way. By the way, there's a rumor that four runaway S's escaped from these data studio
this morning during the playing of stations stuff and that's what you're like with.
Now one of your favorites? Yeah. So they're in the U2 pretty heavy now. I think it's
getting ready to record. I swear every every 50 minutes they got a meter U2 quota.
By the way, Peter, if Peter Bulger's listed, he want to know what we're playing by Brian Adams
tonight, forgotten. He did the night. His wonderful night. I've been playing, but I forget
what the other one is. Oh, I heard Stanplay one of six strings. Hertz. Stanplay is that one.
It hurt, yeah. Well, that music just, you know, they didn't play that much in the movie.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I just got a great idea. Hold on. No, I just plays over the
game credits. Hold on. We're here. Is that Dave back there? Yeah, how you doing?
Nothing. How you doing? Doing a good job. Thanks very much. He's doing a good job of
eating lunch. Now wait a minute. What do you guys need today? I got like these little
lunchs. Take back some makeup. Now wait a minute. Sir, listen, I want you to listen to this
very carefully now. Okay. Are you ready? All right. And I want you to try in your mind
to envision like all the pieces of the puzzle coming. This might even enable you to answer
your own question. All right? All right. No.
That's like sweet food. That's kind of like our lead and
yes. No. No.
Hey, Fox is pretty good. By the way, Dave. It only hit us. All right.
All right. Wait a minute. We're going to add one more element. Okay. This is going to do it now.
Oh, you. I'm fine. I don't care. You won't do.
John Johnson. Check it out. Thank you. Thank you. Hello.
Hello. Only if. Hello. Okay. Pardon me? I think that was done.
You notice that? That doesn't sound good. Like, did you notice that?
That sounded like Johnson, didn't it? Sure it is. Isn't that incredible?
I can't say we're with. He said no changes. It sounds just like Don Johnson.
What do you think, sir? I think I'm the size. Okay. Thank you.
Hello. Yes. How are you? I'm fine. I'm okay. You're welcome.
Don Johnson. Check it out. Thank you. Thank you. Hello.
Hello. Only if. Hello. Okay. Pardon me? I think that was done.
You notice that? That sounds good. You notice that? That sounds like Johnson, didn't it?
How did that help you, sir? Did that put you in the back? Yeah. That did it. That's a good
thing. You got the answer to his question. Yes. Excellent. We finally figured it out. Before I leave,
I want to request a answer without you, by a YouTube. Yeah. Right. Okay. We'll be playing the
Joshua tree for our ice cream friends a little later on. All right. Adios.
Are there any YouTube real heavy now? Aren't they? Yeah. YouTube.
BTO. The door is never forget the door. CCR. CCR. Then that's about it.
One more do you need? Little Bruce brings me every now and then the boss. Yeah. He's a new one.
Yeah. I hear the boss and it makes me toss my lunch. You like the boss? I hate the boss.
Yeah. Good thinking. I knew Dave had good taste. I'll wait a minute. The door is opening and
they love it. The gentleman here is the door is creaking open to the WINZ talks through the
L and here he is. I know all of this already. This is old news about the church we talked about
this Saturday on my show where we had substance. We weren't fetching and carrying on about
should somebody cut their hair. By the way, I need a haircut very badly. It's very hot.
Huh? They don't get a haircut together. Yeah. Oh, that would be in the same seat, you mean?
That would be pretty exciting, Dave. They'll eat fondue. What are you doing with that mic? Look at
that. He's just, what's wrong with it? Can't get it up. So he said last night, what I mean?
Now, what we heard, we heard there was some big news coming to the stand made your audience today.
Look at that. He's even got a little, he can't resist. There's a little smirk on his face.
Notice that he just, he's trying to play it straight. So to speak. Big news. I was sure that you can,
you know, that Marshall Moore, he comes in here on some of the rooms is like, we're still like
an tornado. Like we have like a 9.3 on the Richter scale. We're still putting the room back together.
This mic's so good. Oh, wait till you hear this card. Yeah, the hits just keep on coming.
Okay, I want to, I'm reading this. I'm not making it up. It says, wait a minute.
I love it. When you start to crusade like you did Thursday, your little eyes flash and your voice
becomes high, my pitch and shrill. Either the veneer comes off your homosexuality or your underwear is
too tight. Forget the heavy issues and continue your voyeurism and making up excuses to not meet
women. Unsigned. Weird. Yeah. He asked, did you like the veal?
Boy, did they say about you? No. Oh, yeah. Mungrains. Yeah, do you hear that?
There were the two big mungrails in the history. And this is right after he came running out
to shake our hands and apologize. I don't know what that he was apologizing for. I've been being an
idiot. Poor Marcy. Oh, yeah, it's all his fault. She's perfect. She's nice. Yeah, it's all his
fault. Yeah, poor Marcy. See, this man is so overcome by his hormones. He just can't control
him. So just a walking hormone. Did Don Johnson call Blint? How are you?
I'm okay. You're both kids. Yeah. Don Johnson's your good at haircut. Thank you.
Third. Thank you. Hello. Yeah, Pat. Hello. Only if. Hello. Okay. Pardon me? I say,
I was done. You notice that? That sounded like Johnson, didn't it? It is. It's only from a
camper with another hot nymph in there. Okay. Well, listen, if it makes you happy, I'm sure it was
done. Aren't you? Yeah. Let's take a vote. We all think it was done. Absolutely. Okay. West
Boker. Hello. Hey, dude. What do you think? I think it was Jojo. Close, but not a
mist. Joy Rennel and the board goes back. I'm like, that's a hey, how about them canes?
Yeah, I told you the canes were going to win, although I didn't think it was going to happen
the way it did. But you know, a win is a win. You know that that will wait from standby
via the new Star Trek. Oh, forget it. You know that? Forget it. He's an ugly little kid.
All right. Did you see who was on CNN this weekend, by the way? I'm afraid to ask. Small potatoes.
Oh, you mean this past weekend? Yeah, Mr. Potato Head. Unbelievable. Was it good? Was it contrived?
It was what you would expect pretty much. It was him and Robert Novak, you know,
of Evan's and Novak. What were they arguing about? What do you want to guess? The football strike.
All right. Oh, of course. And we know that Mr. Potato is his very objective. And this
SST or whatever. I thought that was an aircraft or some kind. But anyway, this SST thing is,
has really got so much credibility, you know. It's so embarrassing. Mr. Robby, you know,
support the scabs. Come out, pay 26 bucks a game to watch a bunch of lung kids play football.
Because naturally, Mr. Robby is always right. And of course, Chris A. has nothing to do with the
fact that they run the games, right? Yeah. No, no. No, it's the coincidence. Exactly. One,
another one of those strange coin, coin kidinks. It was, it was pretty bizarre. Did you hear Joey by
the other day trying to, who's yelling at you because you were playing the wrong version of
the ST. Yeah, I heard that. Yeah. It's, it's, it's out of actually like the Beastie Boys,
there's nothing like a rap kind of scratch. It is the Beastie Boys. He's a beastie. This, this
is the best thing to do. Yeah, it's my favorite. Well, I'm going to sing a bi, but I want to play you
a little something here. So I just, uh, am I? Me. Is that the, the best section to beat your
Superman? What kind of you? It's a great Superman.
It's Superman.
It's Superman. He's a victim of the planet's red star. He's worth his powers and abilities
far beyond the portal man. Superman who could be called buildings of a single mile.
He's a meaning bullet to its target. It's even in fair hands. And who decides his
power? That's the policy. That's the right thing. That's the right thing.
A normal story.
I have a special box. It is one of the other places. Okay. Well, listen, it's been great, but, uh,
I can't wait for Bud Coggy to come back. Stay and I used to listen to you when you first
came out in June, but lately have been listening to Alice Rantell. Today, I tuned you in and heard
you screaming about the new gun law. I could not believe how you were hanging up on people
and calling them jerks. Really stand being rude. The people is very unbecoming of you.
If you think it will help your anemic ratings, I'm afraid you may be very mistaken.
Since surely a sporadic listener, PS, are you and Neil Rogers lovers can't quite figure you out?
The thought of that is just so mind-boggling that it's like an understatement.
Oh, boy. Mind-boggling. I mean, with all due respect. Let's get furious, okay?
It's 18-till-two at W.I. and Zee. Davis here, just digesting a wonderful lunch.
She's ready. You're going to go to work at what time now? Five o'clock. Five o'clock? Yep.
So everybody is going to be heading for the melting pot in the crawl spring.
So I can ask for Dave to wait on them. Of course, you can't wait on everybody.
No, I can't. But I'll wait on you. I can't wait on you. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, guys. You'll take them on. Well, don't put those via me.
So, Ville, yeah. Well, maybe they'll come and invite you next.
You're next. Next, I'll listen. Well, you know what he's pushing for, don't you?
You know, you know, already wears a little chain there.
He'd like to have his name in gold, you know, about 18 pounds of gold hanging from his neck.
Okay. So you hear that? And of course, at eight o'clock tonight, we don't want any pain in
the ass bystanders. Buggling, I'm going with an old friend of mine and his friend.
We're going to have a nice quiet dinner for a couple of hours because he old older than I am.
He's not old, but he's older. A friend of long standing. I was bad. Okay.
Is it an end-going? No, he's probably going to be occupied.
Or want to keep dragging him up there. Stand is coming Saturday with the...
See you're going tomorrow and then you go on Saturday and you'll be there yesterday.
I'm not going there tomorrow. Today. Tonight. Tonight? Yes, today. Saturday?
No, not Saturday. We're there. We're not going Saturday? Oh, okay. Next Saturday.
Dan's going Saturday. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. I'm waiting for the last Friday.
Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you.
Yes. You just said, doing a bit here, you know what I'm saying?
Trying. Last Friday. Last night. Last night. Last night.
Would you have got to eat free for my going there, which I noticed you didn't like it?
You get us for free? Yeah, I got it. We're talking about the dinner, okay?
I get that too. Do you? Yeah.
Now that's how it's you told me. You said they don't feed you. Well, now they do. Oh, now they...
In fact, last night they were talking about making him manager of the Coral Springs
low-patient lord. Why? Why? Because of as Robbie Low always says.
Robbie Low? Where did that come from? As Rob Low loves to say,
why? Do you notice in every one of his movies he has little French liney-throws in?
Like an Oxford blues? Yo, he's a little suiti there on a sign.
And if you haven't seen about last night with Rob Low and...
You haven't seen him before. You haven't seen him before.
Please do yourself a big favor and watch it. You'll enjoy it. There are a lot of fleshy scenes in there.
Let's make a poll on this one tomorrow. We're going to have people call up for whether they like that movie or not.
It's not even a contest. It's a good movie.
And with my crowd with Rob Low and their naked, you think you have any chance?
I would just be curious. You think you have any chance with my audience?
This audience isn't going to be just curious.
Even the straight guys in the audience are foaming at the mouth over that movie.
Over Dinty Moore, yeah.
She's okay, but she's just sexless.
You know, Phoebe Cage was up for that role.
She and Michael J. Foxx.
Oh, Phoebe Cage, that was...
She was Rob Low and her would have looked a lot alike.
It would have almost been like stand by me. Two boys.
Okay, it's 145 out of your mouth.
No, not out of my mind.
Phoebe Cage looks like a guy. I'm sorry. I can't help it that you say.
You like Phoebe Cage too?
Yes, you're right.
Beautiful.
Oh boy.
If you...
You got that one picture of her with a hair short.
She looks just like Robbie Benson or somebody else.
Robbie Benson is retarded.
Well, he's a...
What a thing that it would have terrible thing that is to say.
Robbie Benson is retarded.
I hate that guy.
Hate him.
Oh, you like him?
He always had a movie. He had the monkey.
What was that movie where he had the pet monkey?
And he was running around every movie and he directs like his own.
You know, he's like a...
Flasher, Robbie Benson.
He always has to have his underwear on.
At least one scene.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, he had the monkey and they got running around with that girl
and chasing through the Arabs and the pent and all business.
Strange, sick movie.
I think he hallucinated that movie.
No, not hallucinating that movie.
He had a pet monkey and that movie.
The monkey was in his underwear.
It was incredible.
Well, I must have missed that one.
Yeah.
I don't miss any of them.
Robbie Benson movies?
Yeah, I'm sure that.
I'm positive.
Boy, penalty of death.
It's 14 years.
You're hurting me.
Am I interrupting?
Okay.
It's 11 before 2 at W-Y-Z.
Stan is feverishly hunting for the...
Don John Houghton in the office phone number.
Yeah, I don't...
I hope that's not an omen for what's going to happen the next four hours.
I'll put a share there.
Is that what he said?
Is he going to need promise that he's swearing blood?
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
A voice from Fort Lauderdale.
Bring them a cup.
Oh, well nervous.
Yeah.
But never the last week.
Yeah, I'm the one.
And was wussy.
And you played a small segment of
of having a while weekend by a rock and rebbled
their nation's horn record.
And I don't know.
All the nation's going to be.
And they're going to be the last name.
Is the same breath?
Yes.
What's all I got to do with anything?
Nothing.
No, I don't know what it meant.
You said there was no kind of controversy with
swan record.
Oh, there is, yeah.
Yeah, do you know the...
That's why we can't have rock and rebbels who did that song.
One of my favorite records.
Yeah, do you know the rock and rebbels?
I know, then.
Yeah, let's all feel about that.
The whole spiel is that they never got a dime in royalties from that record.
You're kidding me.
No, I'm not kidding you.
And they had many hits on swan.
Did they?
Yeah.
Well, not like that one though.
That one sold over a million copies.
Why would they get your dad and I get your dad?
Because Tommy Shannon and Joey Reynolds were like involved with the
contractor, something or their manager, something like that.
Are you playing the record?
You playing the record?
It was Tommy Shannon's theme song.
You're kidding.
And they never got a dime.
And I know that because one of the members of the band told that to me
at a little bar in Buffalo, New York.
No kidding.
Many moons ago.
This day they had everything they'd had in mind.
This day they had everything they'd had in mind.
You're looking...
In fact, we're going to give them Joey's home address and plantation.
They want to make them an offer he can't refuse.
That's right, that's what you're bringing in.
That was Tommy Shannon's theme song.
He used it in Detroit too at CKLW.
But...
I was probably having a play there on the sheet.
I haven't heard of play it.
Probably too embarrassed to play that on the sheet.
But I haven't lived them long enough.
Because then he'd have to talk about the rock and rebels.
And we have to find out the real story behind the story.
Of a whole host of people who got screwed by certain folks from Buffalo,
a record promoter is concert promoter.
The list is legendary.
Hi, it's the real world.
Yeah.
In fact, it is.
Thanks for the rest of the story.
In fact, maybe we could get Joey to catch you check for Larry King.
What do you think?
Okay, good luck to you, sir.
Thank you.
And now you have the rest of the story.
Boy, that Paul Harvey is he boring or what?
Very boring.
Terminal.
Comatose.
Nuts.
Not a big fan of it.
No.
Other than that, he's not a bad guy.
Coral-gu- well, he's from Chicago.
All right, he's got one good thing, though.
Coral-guable, silo.
Well, yes, sir.
I want to start this phone call by saying,
can you do me a favor first?
Don!
Wait a minute.
Just don't hang off.
Wait.
Say something, sir.
You'd play with you that is,
except now.
Uh, then who are you?
We got that here.
I went to E-Mac and Boyo's.
Oh, boy.
Now, who did you molest up there, sir?
Both all the way up there.
Yes.
And he's talking about a bubble bursting party.
This person I saw was Dan Major's.
That'll do it.
Looks like the leprechaun on a leprechaun serial box.
Now that you mentioned it, he does.
He does look like the leprechaun,
you know, kind of blown up a little bit.
That comparison I saw was a bird.
Yes.
Looks nothing like a bird.
He looks like the other part of Leech Gillette.
Not the cantaloupe.
Shame on you, sir.
Fucking penis.
Oh, what a shot.
It didn't nail.
Yeah.
Uh, you look like a human hammer.
Yes, that's me.
And you got that four-eighths.
Yeah.
This man wanted us to play something for him.
He just insulted all of us.
Something, uh, here's anything about me.
No, but you weren't there.
That's true.
You weren't there.
He would be ripping you too.
I don't think so.
Now what do you look like, um, Mr. Mung?
Beautiful.
This beauty.
What do you look like, Claude Reigns?
Ron Cheney and the hunchback of Noteford Dom.
I mean, who do you look like?
This beautiful.
Probably looks like Sonny Fox with the banana in his mouth.
That's like Jess Strait.
Well, listen, you've been so complimentary to us,
we have to play this for you.
I do.
You think this will win you over?
Maybe.
Unlikely.
Hey, young man.
Doesn't I seem you hanging around my house and I,
I thought I want to talk to you about what you've been doing.
I wasn't here now.
I'm going to put it this way.
Yeah.
Wasn't you, who did the push and put the same
upon the cushion, put Prince on the desk,
poured upside down.
On a plate.
Wasn't you, you grapple-billed,
been messing with my daughter, Jill?
If it was, you'd better leave the towel.
Well, girl, you gotta stay.
Yes, it was.
I was just putting, putting the same
upon the cushion, putting Prince on the desk,
poured upside down.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're so-so-nest,
we'll get your daughter out of trouble,
passing water.
So I guess we're even all around.
Why, you wait, come around.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
And people will talk about it at the water cooler and that's what we all strive for every
day.
You know, I don't have it in relation to this.
I'll bet again.
Let's go to a pay phone in Ojas, shallow.
I have to follow this.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Well, when requested, a pay phone in Ojas, so I can...
Well, when you live in Ojas, you have a heavy cross to burst or heavy load to carry.
Yes, I understand.
As a matter of fact, I've been hanging on so long.
Is that your new policy?
Keep them hanging till I drop or what?
That's it.
You got it.
I only got down to my knees so far, but anyway.
Let's see.
What kind of material do I have for you today?
Nothing very good.
Nothing earth-tracking.
Well, listen.
It won't be the first.
If I'm going from a pay phone in a mobile station, does that count as a mobile call?
No, only from Amico.
Oh.
Amico, or Exxon?
I got you.
I got you.
Is Glenn there?
No, Glenn is busy looking for a phone number for Stan.
Oh.
Oh.
No, I'm probably looking for Marcy's home number.
I hesitate to say anything about Stan because I mean, I listened to the show Friday.
Yeah.
And I heard him do that poll.
He said he had 120 calls.
There were only three of them that were in a good one guy said, is this Lee Fowler?
Yeah.
Who cares?
And what is the third guy saying?
It was so good.
I guess I forgot it already.
But anyway.
Yeah, moving right along.
I think right along, right?
Gee, I had so many things to talk to Glenn about.
I guess we're not going to get a chance for them.
I'm going to have to call him.
He's not going to be able to.
Dave, even if Bob did turn his mic off, he can talk to Dave about him.
Dave?
Yes.
There it is.
Cool.
Yes, he can talk to me about that.
About what I was going to talk to Glenn about?
Sure.
Yeah.
I don't think that's...
Yes, it is.
He speaks for Glenn.
I don't think that's...
Is he that?
Give it a shot.
Well, no.
Well, Glenn likes to find out things about OGIS.
You know, and I was wondering if he had any more questions about OGIS.
Do you have any questions about OGIS?
No questions.
No.
No questions about...
No, I'm speechless.
Well, actually, you know, I'm...
Now, you know, while we're thankful that Glenn isn't here right now.
I'm not originally from OGIS.
If you were from Italy, we might get into that.
No, no, no.
Actually, I'm from the state of New York, just like you, Neil.
Whereabouts?
I grew up in the city.
In what?
The city.
Do you understand what he said?
The city.
You never heard of the city in New York?
The city of New York.
Boy, this guy is a real regular comedian.
Well, you know, it's not just...
Another one of those New York-wise guys.
You know, we know your types, sir.
Probably from the Bronx.
Anyway, I have to say that when Stan started his show Saturday, I had to turn it off.
Really?
Yeah, because he was playing that thing.
Oh.
No, but you should have left it on because you would have been astonished at how many
more times he played over and over.
You wouldn't have imagined anybody would have had to guts to do it.
I mean, just over and over and over and over.
I mean, at the point where the state and the transmitter was trying to shut itself off.
Back on, it's five o'clock and he was still doing it.
I know.
A gun stop.
I think he's a status.
Oh, he's gonna think I'm trashing him on your show.
That's okay.
No problem.
He's a next to see the nation.
You don't understand.
He finally broke a long drought and he's all excited.
Oh, and that's a long drought.
A long drought.
Nothing will upset him now.
Yeah, does that give you a little hint?
No.
Well, okay.
Do you have any other nut for this today?
More than enough.
More than enough.
Yeah.
I've got material I haven't even thought of yet.
Well, give us, call tomorrow.
We'll see.
You know, give us a little warning and we'll see how long we can keep you on hold tomorrow.
I told Glenn I said hello.
Okay, thank you so much.
Look at that.
There's the big bad wolf.
Isn't that cute boy with his mask and hold?
But he's practicing now.
He's getting ready for that big morning thing and he'll never be the same again.
You know, we think one hour with Arlene is something that he can survive.
But wait till it's done.
Yeah, when we start pulling down tens, we'll tell you every day.
Yeah, pulling down your pants, maybe, but that's about it.
Anyway, we thank Dave for stopping by for another indescribable lunch.
No problem.
Thank you.
No problem.
Sure.
Easy for you to say.
Lunch was great.
In fact, the aroma of the marinara sauce and the meatball.
It made you almost want some meal, Parmesan.
And it made you get into the mood for that.
So Jamie and the Marcia by maybe that brings a more jewelry by the nothing positive.
Dave.
Yeah, ask for Dave.
He's the one that wants all the heavy jewelry.
Michael for the headlines, CBS for the World News and Stan Major is going to be a voice.
He got some wild stories for you.
And if you believe him.
