Something is rotten in Miami. No question about that.
It's me. My TV.
I beg your pardon?
I'd be me.
It might be you. Well, that's possible.
I don't want to jump to any rash conclusions, but you might be confused.
I don't know. I'm not there trying to get confused.
I was wondering I couldn't get confused.
Well, the president's confused, so we're all entitled to be confused.
Oh, baby. It's possible.
Yeah.
Let's talk to you. We'll go to the end of it because I'm anxious.
It seems every night when I got WIMC, all like that was muted.
Well, when you talk to me, you learn something.
Yeah, I did learn. I did, but I listen to you, but I can't listen to you.
Can't you hear your day kind of?
I used to be religiously. I'd listen to you at night.
Well, how could you hear me at night if you can't hear the station at night now?
What do you mean when you were on?
Right.
I heard you, but it seems like you're gone.
You're only good music.
It smells like that, yes.
Mm-hmm.
But something wrong with my radio probably.
I hope it's not me.
Okay. Well, try it again.
All right. Thank you for having me.
You want to tune in tonight? You'll hear Bernard Meltzer.
Yeah. Bernard Meltzer.
Right?
That's Dr.
It's me.
Dr. Bernard Meltzer.
Yes, I used to listen to him too, but I can't hear you.
Well, he's on tonight right here on this station.
Oh, what time is he on?
Seven o'clock.
Melbourne?
Let me say it again.
Seven o'clock.
Seven, like after six and before eight.
Seven.
Mm-hmm.
Okay. Thanks a minute.
You bet. Have a nice weekend now.
Do.
Okay.
Hey, well.
You too.
1136 at WYNZ.
We have an opening in date.
624-0191.
Mobile phone in date.
Hello.
On now?
Yes, sir.
Uh, you know, I've been listening to you for quite a while,
and I enjoy listening to you, but I can't understand why so many people
elderly or what have you call you up in an ance, such a pessimistic attitude.
For example, with our kids.
I mean, our kids have it.
Uh, have a great opportunity to what?
I mean, they're growing up.
They have a, we aren't at war right now.
We have a economy which seems to be shaping up from the old days of the high,
high inflation.
It's shifting around.
People are able to go to college.
I mean, there's all first things.
A lot of these people that call in like the gentleman before you
says that I don't know what the future is for kids,
but I've heard that for my father.
I've heard that for all of the people that grow up and they can't stand
today's kids and kids are changing.
No, wait a minute. He didn't say he couldn't stand today's kids.
He didn't say that at all.
He said that he doesn't know what kind of a legacy we're leaving for.
Well, I think that we have some major problems like the deficit and what have you,
but I think they're going to be faced.
I mean, it takes a little period of time to change everything around.
You can't, everybody can't just criticize the media present because it's a
congressional act that changes.
Well, you can't, you can't criticize a president who doesn't know what's going on.
That's true. You can't hold him accountable because he doesn't know.
Well, we don't really, I mean, that he's confused.
You might say that, but I would hate to live back several years ago when you could put money into a money market.
But can I ask you a question? Is there anything besides money that makes a difference?
I mean, I know you're calling me from your nice mobile phone now and that's wonderful.
And there's nothing wrong with having money.
But I mean, is that the only criterion by which we judge how the country is going and
the condition that the world is in?
No, that's not the only criteria.
I mean, when we do business with terrorists and we, when we lie to the public and when we,
you know, sell arms to lunatics and we do all of the things that we've been doing.
And when we ferment war and discontent in places all around the world, does that mean that
everything is great?
Because we don't have a high interest rate or I mean a high inflation rate.
I mean, is everything is wonderful?
Well, that's very important, you know.
And the other thing is that, is it more important than the other things I talked about?
Absolutely not. It's not more important.
I mean, you know, you talk about the kids who's going to pay off all of this enormous debt
that we're talking about. The president submits a budget of $1.3 trillion.
Whoever heard us such a thing.
He submitted that because the fact that everybody who wants to have all the giveaways forever.
Oh, sir, sir, listen, listen, take your mobile phone, have a wonderful life and good luck to you, sir.
See, when I first came on the daytime, I used to joke about the pseudo intellectuals with their
mobile phones. And so on, it was just tongue-in-cheek and we've had a lot of really good
callers and mobile phones, whether they agree or disagree. But here's a guy who fits into that
category. He's got his possessions and his material things. And that's really where he's
coming from. And he's entitled to live that way and more power to him. But I just can't,
I can't relate to that. I'm just not on anywhere near the same wavelength.
We have two open lines in date again. The date number is 624-0191.
This has been a really strange morning. I'll tell you. I mean, a lot of times I'll say that.
I'm just kidding around. But this has been strange. Let me give that date number one more time.
And let's see if they're listening in date or if they're revolting this morning. And of course,
some of the callers from both counties have been pretty revolting already. 624-0191.
And Bernard Meltzer will be on this evening and TalkNet is here every night from 7am to
evening till 5am in the morning and they talk and they give advice and everybody has a wonderful time.
And she asked me about the nighttime ratings and Wichner had a 5.1 share and WIOD had a 4.4 share
and TalkNet a 4.3. So, you know, for the first time out of the box, TalkNet, in fact,
in its individual hours did pretty well and I think the folks here are pretty well satisfied with it.
20 minutes before noon at WINZ and we'll be right back.
18 before noon at WINZ, Ron Harrison is over there at Overseas Electronics and he's standing
by right as I speak right now, right Ron? Right you are, Neil Rogers. And here we are at Overseas
Electronics Superstore featuring warehouse to you prices. I'm just getting a lesson on compact
discs here and that's interesting. We've got TV's, video recorders, stereo systems,
walkmans, car stereo, compact disc players, lots of those, camcorders, tapes and accessories
and the compact disc players are really a big item here and they are selling like crazy.
We've got great name brands in all types of electronics, Sony, Panasonic, JVC, NEC,
Zenith, GE and TDK to name a few and some great super bowl specials this weekend.
Come on by and take a look at color TVs from only $139. Video recorders from only $229.
A great selection of big screen projection TVs from Sony, NEC, Pioneer and others and that
little Sony 19 inch cable ready color TV only $298 it scorches. We're open seven days a week,
most major credit cards accepted, financing available to qualify buyers, how do you get here?
That's easy. We're located on the Palmetto 826 Expressway at the Northwest 58th Street East
exit. You can see us from the Palmetto 826. If you want to save in every way, come to overseas
electronic superstar today. Okay, I certainly will. 17 before noon will be talking to Ron again in
just a matter of seconds as a matter of fact. We have two lines open and date where they just
dropped off in the last couple of seconds here. 624 0191 is our date number and I have a feeling that
1987 could be Browards here. This could be the year that Broward gets no wraps on the show that
they're on their best behavior. All the Broward lines have been full all morning and the date
people now are picking up where the Broward folks left off. They are really strange. Charlie would
good morning. Mr. Rogers. Yes. I'm the first time caller. Oh boy. And I like to hear your program.
And I tried to get into you yesterday but the lines are always busy. When you're talking about the police.
Yes sir. And here I come and down Hollywood Boulevard. Oh wait a minute. You've got a story for us
about the police. Well I want to talk about the incident that I got to tickle on. Oh no. No,
we don't take those kind of calls. My name is B. Chilo. Hi Neil. It's I thought I'd give a little
representation from Dave County this morning. Is there anybody alive this morning? You know last
week we had Linda Thornton here and it was incredible. I was amazed. We had all younger callers and
the phones were just jammed the whole time. We had a great show and now in a crusader days kind
of unpredictable. I come on here and I come through the sunshine. I drive to work. It's a beautiful day.
I'm in a great mood. The ratings are great. Life is wonderful and you sit down and these people
are just incoragible today. Well to tell you the truth. They're all calling from reform school.
Right and I'm in my own reform school because I keep on hearing how beautiful you're saying it's
out but I can't go out because I have to go to work and to me it's torture to go out for an hour
on a beautiful day and then have to go to work. Yeah. When you can imagine how I feel. Right.
So I thought I'd give a little representation but I do not know if anyone's alive out there.
I think all the live people are at the beach. They must be because there's no way in the world
that anybody who's not brain dead is just kind of vegetating on a day like this.
I did want to say something about the jury system since you were talking about it. I had an
opportunity to be on a jury a few months ago. It was for a civil case but I never I always used
to be mispatriotic and I thought that nobody could say anything or it to me in America was perfect
in every way. But as far as the jury system I always thought that's the only way to go but when
I went on the jury then I realized that I can't believe that I'm making a decision about this
and that the six people that will the five other people that were with me it was just a matter of
I felt like the one of the persons attorney who I sided with that person but I thought his
attorney was incompetent so I felt sorry for the guy because he had such a lousy attorney.
And the other people I mean to make a long story short it wasn't really a matter of who we
saw it was you know there were so many other circumstances whatever that made us come up to a
decision it was of course about money and one person on the jury didn't want to give the man a
penny. I on the other hand wanted to give a more than anyone else so we ended up with a compromise.
If I had kept quiet you know he would have gotten very very very little and the other hand you know
if I could have gone on for a couple hours more I feel like we could have gotten him you know
a few maybe you know thousands and thousands of dollars more but I felt like this isn't as a
juror I'm not supposed to be the man's attorney you know I'm just supposed to be one of six not
not you know change everybody's mind so it's really I'm with you I mean I would really be I mean
and this was just money but if it were about you know spending the rest of my life in prison or
something like that I mean it's it's pretty bad yeah well I don't you know we had the gentleman
to call it earlier says we can't do any better than that and that's the best possible system
and if that's the best system then I guess we're never going to have any justice yeah it really
it's not just and I mean the only way I rationalized what I went through I just figured well this is
money you know it's not somebody's life but yeah at least have people you know if you're not going to
like what you were saying trained or professional jurors whatever you have to have a certain amount
of intelligence and screen them better I mean what you're screened if they ask you three questions
four questions you can lie you know if if you want to be on the jury because you want to get a
couple dollars or you just want to be on or you don't want to be on people that are you know
that would be real good jurors are getting off left and right because they don't want to go
through it so they do have to work on something because the judge I mean I could not believe because
we were deliberating for so long because we could not come up with you know well yeah but again
this situation yesterday has got nothing to do with weather or not they can come up I mean if
it's going to be a hung jury it's going to be a hung jury but to come back and to say we've reached
a verdict and then to give a non unanimous decision I mean you've got to understand these 11 people
all participated it isn't though that one of the jurors or the former of the jury slipped this note
in and said okay you know I'm want to go home and I'm sick of this all 11 collaborated on this
atrocity on this travesty of justice right so there's something really wrong there it is and
they would think especially in in the county where there's so much you know there's just so much
crime and whatever that they they would have some better system I don't know I hope somebody
somewhere but I'm sure this has been going on for so long and it will just continue I mean
it's one of those things like the gambling that I don't think is going to change yeah no nothing
you're right and these people get angry at me because they expect me to sit here and to continue
promoting things that are never going to fly and to you know keep making a jackass out of myself
what's the use what's the point in it I can't you know you can't make gold out of chop liver
right exactly well what can I say listen hang in there and have a good weekend okay you too take
care it's ten minutes before noon at w.y. and see I've heard of some ludicrous things but off the
air where we seem to be getting most of our calls by the way this morning somebody had a request
for a guest on this program you know who they wanted to be the guest and I'm going to tell you
there's about as much chance of that happening as a president Reagan calling in the show at 1205 to
wish me a happy Martin Luther King's birthday that's about how much chance there is of me she'll
being a guest on the show okay we have an open line in each county in day six two four
oh one nine one and inbroward seven six four oh seven oh seven and about 15 minutes ago I think I
really hit on what's going on here today yesterday I came in and I was really upset because they've
broken into my car try to steal it broke the steering column I had to go through a really a traumatic
situation and the phones rang off the hook and every when you're upset when you're angry when
you've been violated when something horrible happens like I said to you before misery loves company
but when they feel that you're enjoying yourself then they don't want anything to do with you
because they can't relate to that don't you understand they have no concept of what that's all about
anyway our next caller I promise will be that pay phone and day but first Ron Harrison is
standing by and Ron doesn't wait for any of this monkey business because he's got important things
going on 54 and w and z I have finally discovered what a big part of our problem is part of the
constant indigestion that existence out Florida too much corn beef I'm telling you folks it's
gonna kill you it's poison loaded with salt and with all kinds of grotesque ingredients that you're
not even aware of I mean where do you think they get corn beef you think there's some animal
that they just slice into it there it pull off its corn beef now of course it's it's one of those
manufactured kind of meats like pastrami did you ever see a cow that looked like a pastrami
I mean where does that stuff all come from and you're gorging yourselves with it you're just
downing like the guy who called last week about who can eat that sandwich for 695 right I wish
we had him back this morning are you listening sir please give us a call let's find out how you're
indigestion level is on the Richter scale I said we take the payphone next because I can't
imagine anybody hanging on a pay phone to call on this show hello how you doing pretty good are
you really on a pay phone yeah and I thought I wouldn't fix the over and thought that how's the
traffic pretty good pretty good I just want to comment I was listening to that 90 year old lady
that said that you get new music on talknet right well the your FM signal the I and z FM
rock and we clients all that stuff right it bleeds through into your AM signal at night are you
are you serious I'm not kidding you the other night I was listening to uh to Bruce Williams talking
about automobiles and stuff like that and then faintly in the background you could hear the uh the
music that's incredible I know can you imagine what that could do for uh for the FM's ratings yeah
maybe it'll boost them a little bit right well couldn't hurt I'll tell you that I just wanted to
make that comment because maybe you know maybe you didn't you know you know I never heard of
that before I had no idea that that was going on it is bleeding through I can hear it
it's faintly you know in the background it doesn't you know talknet does not come through very
clearly so it might be something your transmitter or you know out there on the control board where
the program director is maybe he needs to make sure are you hearing this in a house or in your car
because I I never hear it in the car I hear it in my house in the house yeah I got a one in my
bedroom and then on my stereo that's on the living room that is phenomenal I sure appreciate it
I'm going to pass it along to our student engineering staff and see if we can't uh you know do something
intelligent like shutting the FM off at night or something like that I mean you know I think
some else brought me up no thank you I appreciate it you're welcome bye bye that's incredible I see
here I was and I was uh really doubting the veracity of that 90-year-old woman who called who was
obviously well well intention and she said she's trying to hear talk at night on W I N C she's
hearing music and if she's here in the 95 I N Z boy what a culture shock that's got to be right
no wonder she sounds confused better have a long chat with the programming office up in the front
of the building for the FM it's on the FM 94.9 not on AM see there's that spill over that
crossover 94 AM 94.9 we got everybody confused they don't know what the hell they're listening to
okay we have an open line in date if you'd like to join us our number in date county the land of
the free in the home of the grave is 624 0191 let's do that again very very slowly to make sure
that the people in the downtown area who are listening to the FM bleeding in the background here
the numbers 624 in fact those were the numbers 2 4 for the FM 624 you don't believe me do you
time that's serious trust me and that's why they're all sitting shivvy up in the front of the building
624 0191 Tom Gallagher's here he has no idea what's going on he's in a state of a
blivin he just wonders what the hell he's doing here but he's going on vacation for a few days so
he's looking forward eagerly to that and wants to leave all of this foolishness behind him news
from CBS at the top of the hour and we'll come back at 1206 news that's first fast and factual
thought that's fresh frank and furious we're florida's favorite w i n z my m a 4-letter down
19 for my news 1159 wins time good morning for the wisdom news room here's what's happening two
robbers who used a sawdoth shotgun and 1206 at w i n z we're back for our number three and what's
been a really upside down kind of a Saturday morning and now we're into the afternoon it'll probably
be even more upside down be sure to put pineapple on it though and at any rate all of those rumors
about them talking about us on other states nonsense all ridiculous in fact from what we gather
from our kindle spy the only thing that was said was some positive comment about radio aid and I
heard out the other day say something very nice about that and that's great and you want to know
who had the biggest rating in any hour of talk in the last rating book was rantellan the 9 o'clock
hour had a 5.6 share that's a gigantic number and I congratulate him on that and he actually beat
me in the first hour that we were head to head very close for 8 to a 4-7 and then in the 11 o'clock
hour I had a 4-3 he had a 4-1 in the new hour I had a 4-5 hour had a 3 so it was very close all
the way through sandy of course was not in the running not in a running sandy she was busy with
the you know the guy the team repairman but the thing that amazes me there a lot of people that
really take these things seriously as though we all just really have this intense hostility toward
each other and there's this you know a lot of the stuff that you hear on these programs is tongue
and cheek at least from me I can't speak for anybody else tongue and cheek this is only a radio show
it's not it's not our whole lives folks now of course when you hear steven i talking about each other
then that's another story that's all serious but that's uh what can I say anyway it's a 7-pass
noon we have open phones till 2 and if you're wondering what the subject is today this is I guess
this is another demarcation point because the next couple of weeks we've got some real heavy stuff
that's coming up and we're going to have to get back to the real world into those morbid and
depressing things like the malpractice crisis with the trauma network and uh the sales tax that
they want a voice upon the public for doctors and lawyers and a lot of other important subjects but
on a day like today I just don't have it in me I mean we just made some tongue and cheek comments
about the president and the fact that he's confused and he doesn't know what planet he's on and
what day it is and they're trying to keep him in an upright position and it's great you know that's fine
but let's not take it all too seriously because if they're going to press the button then it
isn't going to make any difference anyway right and we've got all of these people screaming
and hysterical about the trident missile I thought trident was a sugarless gum what do I know
goes to show you that we're all a different wavelength that all depends on your perspective
but don't try to start another radio war with ugly rumors and with all your hysteria out there
because we won't have any part in it till it starts okay let's go to a lottery hill hello
are you there see they don't hang on here for me call they don't want to even talk to me today
Kyle tells me that most of the people who are calling they've got some inane question or some
comment they don't want to talk to me do you know why you know where all of our audience is today
see this is kind of a conspiracy and I'm the victim the audience promotes this art of the station
rather promotes this art deco weekend on the beach and our whole audience is over there with
Barbara Kappettman they're all in the beach and I noticed that Miami South Florida has put out this
special issue I have one right in my hands here South Florida made easy and they have a map of the
Miami Beach Art Decco district and all of these ads for the carl island and the Leslie and the
Cardoza and the Cavalier and all of these magnificent attractions the Lincoln Road Arts District and
the wet paint cafe and all of this good stuff on the beach if you're over there driving around on
the beach to your horn if you're listening to this show don't do it too loudly because we don't
have any liability insurance for that but just give a little indication that you're listening to
this program but you can't call in because you're on the beach getting ready to tour the art deco
district let's hear a little toot and of course we know they're tooting in other parts of the
audience too but that's another story okay we have a couple of people dropped off during the new
news break and Broward our Broward number is 764 0707 let's try Fort Lauderdale hello hi hi I
was on the phone earlier today much much earlier what way do I you were on the phone with me
was it yes and we spoke on the year no no no I was on hold it in real nervous and I was on hold so long
that I was disconnected and I tried to get through again and and here you are in and try but you know
why sometimes you feel that you're not getting any cold still because I've tried calling you early
in the mornings and so it's a lot of other people and I always been getting a busy signal what do
you mean early in the morning right fighting what do you mean early in the morning like about 730
no no no about right maybe 8 9 o'clock 10 o'clock yeah I have been trying I'm kind of these phones
at 8 o'clock in the morning are sizzling and the lines is always busy busy and that's why sometimes
you're not getting no cold yesterday or the day before the day before the day before the day
wait a minute how wait a minute let's slow down a bit if they're busy how could we be getting no
calls for example they're all lit now now that doesn't mean that all those people want to talk to
me but they're all lit up well why wouldn't they want to talk to you if those are the phones that
lit up are those the ones that come through to you those are the wait a minute listen to me read my
lips would you please those are the ones that are on hold oh yeah now that doesn't mean they want to
talk to me that means they're just waiting on hold maybe they're hearing music in the background of
the receiver and they want to hear the signal or clearly so they're listening on hold then as soon
as I punch them up they'll go away at least when they put that on hold at least I'm clear that they
do put the music on because it doesn't sound like you're holding a dead gun oh wait a minute when
you're on hold waiting to speak to me you hear music sometimes not all the time music
sometimes now not all the time but maybe the studio puts it on without you knowing it
right or you don't know that yeah in other words you're telling me the kyle is playing music in
the background upstairs while you're waiting to talk to me all right I don't want to get anybody
in trouble but I would rather hear the music than not because you know you know like what kind of
music are you hearing in the background well now I just found something what it sounds like a horn
blowing are you sure you're not hearing our FM bleeding through well I don't know what it is
but at least it's especially when I'm not actually talking to you when I call your number which
I've been trying for the past two or three weeks all right but let me let me understand this because
I do this for a living and I need to know what's going on are you telling me you're hearing Lena
horn in the background all right do he has something going on in the background right now now not joking
it stopped now oh it stopped now now it's going on uh-huh how about now
on and now and now and now nothing now the horn no we could do this till two o'clock and you
imagine what a good time we could know I really mean it this is like one of those hearing tests
that they give you you ever had a hearing test and you hear those little tones
I'm trying some kind of a I don't know if it would if I would say it's a trumpet or what but
some kind of a noise like that you hear a trumpet now it stops and goes uh-huh and the other
morning you took something to somebody that really everybody they must be out or they
must be sitting on a hand or something like that and I couldn't get through that day but I finally
braided all these hours today you know why sometimes you don't get a tour because everybody is
trying to call you at the same time yeah well that's true it's a busy signal but today I
am going to stay on until something will be happening well I'm sure glad you did you have no idea
I did get on the phone and they asked me who do I want to talk to when I said I want to talk to you
and I don't remember what the mumble and then I heard a lot of noises and the phone went
crazy again so I tried again but this time I got too fairly you know sure so this time I said
I was going to hold on and hold on and hold on in fact one time the other later cut you and
she said you know she thought I was waiting for her call back from the company I said no
and then she hangs up so this morning I said I was going to stay on see what happens and I
enjoy hello are you there yeah and I enjoy a lot of times when you say that you wonder where
everybody is you know nobody's getting through but then maybe something was wrong with the
telephone then because everybody is trying to get through and you know that lady's
before that little lady that I don't remember now what it was she was trying to get through with
something oh I don't remember now I don't remember but anyway but I want you to know that people are
listening and people do trying to get through but they get the busy signal constantly because
everybody is trying to get through to you so I have nothing in particular to talk to about today
except the gorgeous beach beach date and things like that but I do enjoy your programs and
the great that's the only thing I could say but you know you should know that hundreds of people
are trying to get through to you and they get busy at least seven anyway yeah can you ever put
in more phones no that would be no good you know well that's all we need if we if we had 20 lines
can you imagine sitting here with 20 empty lines that would really be good no no we don't want to
do that let's not overdo it we might take a few out yeah the way I would like it best if we had
one line seven seven seven yeah that's what I say well but you know what it's like trying to get
seven South Floridians all to call it the same time see some of the other stations are smart they've
only got I think five lines on one all the one of the stations is how they've got 10 lines
10 lines for anybody tries to get through to you and if the lines are busy it's impossible yeah I know
maybe we could put in about 50 lines besides the two or three weeks ago I called and actually I had
a little friend here one time well I had a friend here and her nine year old daughter was here
and I told her to hold on to the phone I said to soon she hears anybody talk just tell them
just a minute and you know call me right but they nobody ever came on the line and we were
listening to the radio beside her on the phone and I don't know what happened but I let me ask
you just still hear that music party you still hear that music in a background now good no no no it's
stopped but just before when we when I was talking about it there was a sound well I won't say it
was music it sounded like a long floor on a horn or a bell with something now you sure it wasn't
you live in your railroad tracks no no no it was definitely coming through or I won't say
we were studio but no it was and any of the songs just sounds or anything like that it was something
but you don't hear it anymore right no good okay well listen it's been great hearing from me this
has been one of our better calls today it had just it sounds like somebody is blowing a musical horn
but just the alarm sound and then it stops now it's not on at all it's very very quiet in the background good
there it is oh you've got a sense of humor I'll tell you that's just incredible I wish I knew what you
were talking about are you there okay well listen have a great weekend that music is there now
you choose somebody in that it's not it's not somebody in a different studio maybe it's coming
yeah well this could be sabotage maybe the FM people are doing this they're a little upset the
book just came out they're having a lot of problems up there yeah what's the other
little gremlins maybe they are floating yeah the gremlins could be well listen I got a run here
because if they don't I want you to know that the other day yesterday or this morning I really
don't remember you said what are the people doing sitting on their hands and something no it's
that everybody is trying to call you or at one time well you know no you know what happened yesterday
they were all sitting on their hands you know what they're doing today no I'm washing them
okay listen take care of yourself yeah that people are trying but if everybody is trying at
the same time they get a busy right well listen I got to go now okay okay so have a great weekend
well I'm glad I got through to you okay say goodbye will you please okay bye bye and have a nice day
say goodbye how long 1219 at W1 23 past noon at W.I. and see don't forget Ernie Sochi
will be here at 2 and Ernie will bring things back to the real world trust me I just have a feeling
that Ernie today is probably in a serious mood and he's going to talk about some real heavy
duty stuff so if you're a little bit upset because we haven't been solving all the traumatic
problems of mankind this morning stick around Ernie will do it North Miami hello hello yes
oh thank you thank you who is it mr. Johnson mr. Johnson right good I want to tell you something
I'm delighted to have waited 20 minutes for you but as a mother as a human being I know you're
doing a fabulous job and a new kind of flower that but I've never heard anyone like you to get so
excited over a job you wind up with all sorts of God forbid not me I let it all out on this show
that's why I don't get all serious I let it all hang out you should hang yourself and that lady
before me she was right she did him music I heard her you are you serious so help us God
it's true well why you were on hold while I was on hold it sounded like God forbid taps taps
maybe that's an omen not that's God forbid now but really truly she wasn't wrong
hmm I don't understand it well maybe that we're being sabotaged because people are telling us
that the FM is bleeding through on talknet at night it's sabotage you're a great guy you're doing
a fantastic job well wait a minute is this the first time you've heard this show yes are you serious
yes I'm a no comment where you're from oh york uh-huh and how long have you been here well considering
everybody says I'm new two years oh well that's not branded I've been busy going to school and
keeping out uh-huh and I lost my husband so I'm occupied but I wasn't gonna hang up I've been
underlined so long and some people sound so damn stupid and sip it is the word for it that's an
excellent term excellent choice of words excellent choice of words thank you please I don't know
whether you're married or not no but just take it easy okay only a job it's only that's what I
keep telling them it's only a radio show it's not a way of life I have a friend who says it
with one customer oh yeah so happy to wait on them you make a sale the other sales price
will be your hard-earned right I'll get you well you mind if I tell you that not at all okay thanks a
lot okay take care I'm over I tell you okay on your job don't get sick from it you bet have a
nice weekend bye bye don't forget our deco weekend it's going on right now sponsored in part by
here by those of us here at Winds and I get all choked up I get emotional when I say that and of course
that we if we get enough request for it we'll bring back Barbara Kampitman who is a one-time
director of the Art Deco Society on the beach and certainly a very capable spokesperson for their
cause and we might actually rev her up again and put her on if we get enough request for it here
today we have an open-line in Broward now if you'd like to join us the number in Broward is 764
oh 7 oh 7 Miami hello good yes the last news break prompted me to call you because concerning the
judges decision on those youth that you know they only give them two years yeah isn't that
incredible because they're so young and they had on what he called startup shotguns right
mm-hmm well I'm you know I'm calling because you know I like to make a you know tell you
that I think you know that can I can I ask you a question before you go on are you are you in a
barrel with some children there or what's what's going on there where where you calling from
nobody what's going on in the background no nothing the radio's off but who are those people in
the background oh my sister maybe well getting into subject um I think you know I think you
talk a lot about you know the elections and how you know no one no one you know really knows
exactly who they're both wait a minute now I feel like I'm getting getting even with me now for
the music with the callers and you don't hear that in a background
who can play this game you know go ahead
I got heard you heard I got heard you said before you know during the elections people don't know
exactly you know what they're vote for because I think you know these people just want to come
to the election all they do you know spend a lot of money on a commercial which you know attract
the person that doesn't really know hasn't kept up with the news yeah well that's what we've
become though you see everything has been reduced to a 30 second TV commercial right and I was
thinking you know if it was possible to like right at the election I'm not sure yet I'll let
you know when I figure it out okay good today huh you're gonna put us all up to sleep over here
with these lines you call well I'm trying to move on quickly sir okay and go get to the point
I finally discovered why all the elderly are moving into South Florida and what is the ad
here very complacently every line was lit I looked down and most of the people disappeared again
boy you folks today are in you're just uh incorrigible in date county our number is 624
0191 like I said I've told you this so many times no matter how long you've been on the year no
matter how good the ratings are you sit down every day and it's a brand new day it's like you're
starting from scratch like who the hell are you and you know entertain us today or we don't we're
going away we have better things to do than munchy around with you I mean Ernie's gonna be
on this afternoon sending out free locks to all of his listeners this is a low budget show I can't
afford to buy my audience all right like over a Y100 now and now they'll have it up to 2 million
they're gonna be giving away every Thursday morning right when with the numbers they've got they
need to up the Andy obviously it's not enough uh where we going Fort Lauderdale hello oh Neil um I
have something to share with you and reference to your yesterday show um I was driving down Sunrise
Boehard um well I was your first mistake yeah well you're right about that anyway I had a flat
I pulled over to the side changed my tire I was getting the other to my spare on and a couple of
older probably 30 or 40 years old black males approach me right because for data got for me
everything you're wallet wallet watch credit cards checkbook everything at gunpoint at that
you know this is listening to your show yesterday and what happens uh unbelievable
yeah so I just got to share that with you um keep up the good work well good luck to you and
when I think the best advice I can give you don't ever stop
keep on going have a good day Neil you too that's amazing but not unusual I guess 207041
at W.I. and Z and we have an open line in Broward now 764 0707 and two lines again and date I can't
keep up with this I mean I'm getting uh I'm getting dizzy just sitting here looking at the phone
in date county 624 0191 today is called Punish Uncle Neil Dale and the audience is doing a sensational
job of it they're just uh they're unbelievable in fact the first woman this hour I think her
call more or less epitomized our entire program today pompano hello hi yes I'm from Massachusetts and
I really enjoy your program but I thought I'd call and tell you that it is true that 90 year old lady
and some gentleman after that I said that they could not get your station after certain hour
and that is true I listen to you oh now wait a minute wait a minute that is what no they weren't
talking about that we're talking about see now we're going to open up this old panda rice box
about our nighttime pattern and I'm going to just fall on the floor now that's a different story
we have to change pattern its sundown that's not a new problem that's a constant okay there's
nothing we can do about that I'm not supposed to be able to get pregnant no well it's got nothing to
do with what the program is it's got to do with this station and if you're in certain barriers
of pompano at night it's audio because we have to change our pattern we're directional I see
I see they were in Miami they're talking about a different problem and that is music from our FM
station is evidently bleeding into our AM signal at night and yeah and they're hearing that in the
background I heard that pattern and that woman is right I could hear trumpet in the background
oh wait a minute wait a minute when she was on when you and she were talking yeah and she said to
you I hear a horn yeah I hear music I hear but it was a trumpet she was right and then it would go
off yeah and then it would come back on again that's one thing what and I and this is true because
I heard your whole conversation and I heard when she said that she could hear this trumpet I could
hear it all so okay I just wanted to verify that for you so you wouldn't think that well wait a
minute but then you weren't on were you on hold or were you listening on a radio I was listening on
the radio I was listening on my radio I could hear that horn like a trumpet in the background
so she's right she's that what do you think that person not you know perhaps hearing things
because I heard it myself but the other thing you had another lady about 90 who kept saying I
can't get I can't get your station after a certain hour you're on until no but she was in Miami
we don't have that signal problem in Miami all of our our nighttime signal all goes south so in Miami
where as loud as can be at night hey but I'm in Pompano yeah no what do you see is I am I'm not
supposed to get your station in Pompano no not at night not at night unless you live right along the
beach well I'm I'm on Pompano Beach you're on the beach and you can't get it at night right far north
I'm on North Ocean Boulevard in the 700 oh yeah but now I'm gonna start sounding like Alan Burke right
I don't want to do that because we also would happen I'm talking about our girl on channel pen
okay I'm glad we got you straight okay and right before right before she signed off she held
her hand up and waved a little bit in mouth the world high kneel no where I would know
if anybody else calls you and tells you anything about that are you cereal I swear I was I said
now I was watching it because I was sick that day was off from work and I just looked at it and I
couldn't believe it and she she mowed the word high kneel just before they went to the theme
song and as they finished up the broadcast let me ask you how many fingers did she hold up
and which one no not this one she just gave a little little tiny wave and then she said
she said bye bye kneel so I wanted if anybody had told you about that and also I wanted to ask
ask a question about the Miami River cop trail thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you
sent him out for corn beef and pistrami and now they're deliberating again and then the judge told
him listen you know your sense of humor is great but people are having nervous breakdowns while
this is all going on get with it have you heard anything about what the decision was or why they
know they know they would never they would never reveal that I don't think release not until it's
all over well I think myself and everybody else and Dayton Brewer looking forward to see what
happens in that case well I was looking forward last night and then all of these people on the news
were you know they were going into cardiac arrest right on camera because this bizarre turn of
events came about I mean you know anybody who believes the jurors have any business deciding the
fate of other human beings those people need serious help crazy well I do agree with you I think
we do need professional jurors these days and and I love your show today especially the bit with
the godfather all listen the information you passed along to me that's one of the probably the
second most important call of the day well I just I didn't know if anybody told you about yet I
couldn't believe it when I saw it I said I wonder if Neil most was she winking when she did it
oh she didn't winking she was blinking she just held up her little hand and
a little pinky well same deal Michelle okay have a good weekend
say Neil unbelievable
she is a star there's no question about that just to ask her it's 1245 at wynz Miami Beach hello
hello yes this is Neil Rogers I think so okay well I have a situation that
disturbing me very much and I was wondering if you could be a service well I just want to say
this I don't want to be insensitive because it's obviously a serious call but this is not an
advice show if I am taking this to the media and I'm taking it into the law court because I can't
sit around and watch the date county school system destroy my son's potential which has been
proven to be very incredible in terms of it I cue what what what what what do you mean destroy his
potential well they're trying to make him conform to the way that they okay what I'm
trying to do is I'm trying to make sure that they're not going to be a good place for potential
the way is brain things is very different from the way the average brain thinks and I have proof of this
from a therapist okay he thinks like a computer he has a different way of he has a very different way of analyzing for
example long division and this is an example to give you an example and so they what they're doing is he's
really ready for high school mathematics and what they're doing is they're giving him
computation and what they're giving him is computation which he learned in the third grade the
first of all it's repetitive which is way too much wait wait again I don't want to sound insensitive but
you realize how many people there are how many youngsters in the day county public school system how
many thousands there are what does that have to do with no you know it's not a question of what it has
to do with what you're talking about but I mean if each parent who had some kind of a difficulty with
the school system or some kind of an argument or some kind of a quarrel if each one we're going to
talk about it on a radio talk show there would be no talk shows anymore in other words I don't know
what it is you think by bringing it up here and I understand you know I think I have an idea of the
kind of thing you're talking about what are we going to do about it well we're going to get
the school system to implement a program that will meet his needs which is starting well wait a
minute they're going to implement a program for his needs sure they have specifically specifically
because they need a very specific well what if every parent in all the thousands and thousands
of parents that you have to institute a not every not every parent has a child with needs this
yeah but we have a lot of parents with children who have learning disabilities and a lot of them
don't get any special attention because the money isn't there and you know it's a very unfortunate
situation it's tragic and we've done programs about it we've talked about it we belly ache about it
I'm not interested I am positive wait wait a minute you're not interested I am
I am not just this number anything my own two children no but wait a minute how about all the
other people in the audience who are raising their children if they if you know you're bringing it
up on a talk show and you want them to be interested but you tell me that you're not interested
in the people who've got children with learning disabilities because you've got your own problems
I can't I can't handle that I'm sorry can't handle it I mean it's trying to be even though it's
totally off the wall in terms of the kind of show we're doing today I was trying to be a little bit
patient and understanding but when she gives me that kind of a response and she's not interested
because she's got her own kids story about well then I guess everybody's going to give that response
that's that's incredible that's amazing woo 11 before 1 at w i n z and let's move right along
Miami hello hello Neil yes this is calling from self-date Neil my one of your
well we won't hold that against you I was listening to the lady before she needs a psychiatrist
well I don't know what she needs but boy that was bizarre and I maybe I'll let her go on too long
but I was trying not to be insensitive but when she gives me that kind of a response about she
doesn't care about anybody else's problems and the system is got the school system has got
to devise a program specifically for her child boy it's it's a wonder anybody still wants to teach
but this is not the place for that here but anyway what I called about is there is your leaking
in for my leaking I beg your pardon yeah they're music leaking in on your station oh yeah
okay now we listen to Bruce Williams in the evening when we're having dinner and I listen to you
usually at noon time after I've heard the news and so on and I'm not an oldie but we do get music
in the background and it sounds like WLYF leaking into your WLYF is leaking into our AM at night
it's that type of music no wonder they got such a big number yeah it's that type of music and
run of the ladies that was on at noon time is in fact a couple of them who were talking with you
they were right they when they said it was on it was on and when it was off it was off and also
when you were talking with a gentleman no a lady I think that that
popping obese was yeah right now see apparently didn't hear it in the background but I did
when you think it's possible somebody is sabotaging our programs well I imagine there's probably
plenty who would like to maybe they're piping in that elevator music into our retalk net
all right but it's the same music you get in the doctor's office the dentist's office and so on
you know is it loud yes it's fairly loud and sometimes it's it's so loud that we can barely tell
what you're saying so I think you should look into it okay hand that's all I want to say thank you
okay yeah okay
nine minutes before one at w-i-n-z we've uncovered a new mystery here today we're going to send the
winds search team out the investigative search team to see if we can't track this down
and when she said it sounded like w-l-y-f in the background now I begin to get real nervous you know
what I'm saying real nervous like you're nervous when you're sitting in the dentist office and
anticipation well now I'm beginning to get real nervous and while I'm trying to calm down let's
go to that wonderful coming influence of ours our very own sports director Ron Harrison
and overseas electronics who's giving out Alan Burke posters free today Ron okay we're here
had overseas electronic super store and we've got warehouse view prices I wish you
come by here today and take a look if you're in the market for a TV a video recorder for a
stereo system a walkman car stereo and compact compact discs we've got them boy all kinds of them
and camcorders tapes and accessories and and telephones and telephone answering machines so if you
need a new telephone for the house come on by here we've got great name brands and electronics
like Sony Panasonic JVC NEC Zenith GE and TDK to name a few and we've got super bowl specials
this weekend color TV is only $139 video recorders only $229 check out that Sony 19 inch cable ready
color TV only $298 most major credit cards accepted financing available for qualified buyers how
do you get here get on the palmeadow 8 26 expressway get off at Northwest 58th Street head east
that's the east exit and you'll find it you'll see the store right from the palmeadow and we're
right on the palmeadow expressway and we've got plenty of free tickets also for 94 news and WINZs
Chuck Mangee only concert next Saturday at the marine stadium so if you want to save in every way
you can come to overseas electronic super store today overseas electronics I hear a horn
background I'll have to check that out
1255 at WINZ and I wonder if those combat discs that Ron Harrison was talking about are for
the hurricane football players we'll find out next hour Fort Lauderdale hello hello mr. Johnson how
you do it okay mr. Johns how are you pretty good um I think we figured out where the orange coming
from you have obviously a psychic medium and the horn is the way for the people who have crossed
over to communicate back to us down here in South Florida area yeah well I forgot to tell the
audience that I'm I'm a distant cousin to Connie Volpy yeah okay um see yeah look at that all I
really bird right one of the things I haven't heard well you know what they were telling me last
we don't shoot the early bird and I keep telling them the early bird gets the worm every day yeah
every day you were saying I'm sorry I got carried away we both are one of the things I haven't
heard discussed yet and I don't know if it's important or if you want to bring it up there
not please oh my glad you mentioned that well I wrote that down at the beginning of the show and
then I got carried away with something and they were purchased by a general electric which owns NBC
and in six months that'll zip right through the commission because we know that there are no
mafia people in NBC unlike the loremare pictures and all of that where they hit a little bit of a
problem and of course NBC doesn't like the mob anyway that's why they you know a slanted
Wayne Newton and other paying for it but we don't want to get off onto a tangent that's going to
be very interesting and I think that could be the savior of channel seven because ultimately
they're going to wind up being the CBS affiliate and channel four will be NBC that's going to be strange
I'm speculated that channel 10 might become cbf because the holding company for channel 10
has a lot of affiliate stations that are on cbf network and channel 10 is the one that carries
Charles Corral on Sunday morning you know our cbf affiliate right that's right oh wait a
minute the ten is negotiating with cbs they want to pick it up when the sale goes through
um no but they they've had talks about it the holding company for channel 10 has spoken to cbs
about it but there's nothing going on currently that I'm aware of okay it tells me the channel
10 is negotiating with abc to be bought by the network by the ABC network oh
won't that be great and of course there are rumors about cbs buying channel six great so it's
really a crap we'll have to have jica and all those other people on here to straighten this all I
wouldn't be something if me show was on together with Dan Rather just put that in your pipe and
smoke it all right girl well listen hang in there all right you have a good afternoon and keep your ear
to the ground okay see you later all right you hear keep your ear to the ground you're likely to
find that early bird and his worm anyway we're at the end of hour number three when we come back
we've got some really a great caller is waiting on hold right now I have a feeling next
hour is going to be the winner in this show today Julie shots here she's trying to figure what this
is all about she has the local headlines world news from cbs at the top of the hour we'll come back
at 106 and then ladies and gentlemen with his corn beef and one hand and his our gile socks and
the other Ernie Sochin at two this afternoon when the storm comes we keep an eye on this guy you
keep an ear here 94 news wins w-i-n-z Miami 4th of the day
morning I'm Julie shot from the 94 newsroom here's what's happening today the jurors in the Miami
River Cops case reached a verdict last night but it wasn't unanimous of the judge sent the 11
member panel back into deliberations today the trial's been going on for nearly four months now
seven former and current police officers are charged with running a deadly drug ring metro police
are investigating a double shooting today at 183rd street and homestead avenue in south date
police a few details would say the shooting apparently happened earlier this morning
a mere more the appearance of a 13 year old middle school student say their daughter was
ordered to raise her skirt and unzip her pants by an assistant principal who was searching for
missing money the assistant principal says she only told the girl to take off her shoes and socks
the woman says the girl voluntarily raised her skirt wins weather for this afternoon
the guard's part i hear it all the time myself you hear what do you mean you hear it all the time like in
uh... uh...
uh... in the back of your mind no no no i'm not i'm not my rocker either no no i didn't say that but i mean
sometimes tunes are catchy and you start humming them and they it's always the same tune
the pain from the guard's father that's that's that's the that's the ball of nobo when you say
you hear it all the time what do you mean by that uh... throughout your program it's various times
while you're talking to people the music is in the background well wait a minute you think that
perhaps there's a group on golden beets their sabotaging the show
no but it's thing goes on all day at various times doing your program and that's the only
music which is played is the theme of the guard's part only during my show only only
doing your show that's right the woman said she heard a horn but she's trying to describe
with a cornette solo and that's why it's played on a cornette it's a cornette theme of the guard's part
it's on a cornette cornette you know the old fashioned cornette yeah i haven't uh...
even heard of a cornette in years do they use cornets anymore
well this is a cornette i'm a musician no but i'm asking you there's a cornette still used
well it's used on in rare occasions but the music is played on a cornette
and a trumpet an old fashioned cornette and it's always the same song is the guard's part of the
theme
but these people are not much more tell you about this no no listen i mean it's been so many people
that can't all be uh... not together they can't imagine the same thing
at least you know what the music is now and let me tell you the other jobs
thank you right take care of yourself
okay now here's one that Kyle is writing the message about that i think bears repeating
to the audience a woman called to say that she prefers not to listen and speak to me
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha what does that mean she prefers not to listen
well i mean if she prefers not to speak that's fine but if she prefers not to listen what is she
doing what are these people doing Kyle then of course is a question for which
there probably is no answer that's one of the great mysteries of life in south florida
what are they doing what are they thinking about i asked them that at the hallmark last
one day i said what is it i looked out into that sea of faces and i said what are the things that
really matter and the next lady got up and she spoke to me with a passion that i've seldom seen
you know what she was talking about the early bird
what oh nine at w i n z let's go to hollywood hello hello male yes sir i think the ghost of don
carly on on the waves today i think he's bleeding through from golden beach
thanks so listen i'm i'm having a fun today i'm supposed to get some work done but i can't i'm
sitting down i'm cracking up the whole the whole show is great you know what the you know what the
funniest part of this show is all of these people are serious oh that's that's why it's funny the
whole thing is less just crazy so i wanted to tell you i'm having fun and uh those other guys
in the other station they're trying to save the world but at least you got a sense of yoma and
that's that's what it's all about well listen when you get up in the morning and you turn on the
news and i'm coming to work listening to our station and they're telling us that uh the republican
leaders are concerned because the president can't grasp big issues and their concern that he's losing
it i mean what are you going to do you got a laugh at that point right and let's uh keep those
horns of blown okay i'll see you later i'll see you in Sicily bye bye oh that's going to get
some people upset right we don't want to start picking on the Italians because they're a wonderful
people and they never stole a freight train it's uh eleven minutes past one at w i n c i do remember
though when that movie first came out i think it was 1975 when the god went on but it happens that
it was true these ladies are not i'm not telling any falsehoods but anyway let me get away
wait a minute where were you where were you driving when this was going on going between open locker
and uh eighty four open locker and where open locker and uh root eighty four i was going where
i was going to university drive on university right as i was passing uh wait a minute that's
hundred and thirty fifth well i started with a hundred and thirty fifth and i wound up at root eighty four
well yeah there's a lot in between there though i mean you've got all of broward county and you've
got a hundred and fifty first yeah well i went in Miami gardens drive i went right in ives derry road
and helendale beach full of art in pemberick road correct and hollywood boulevard Sheridan street sterling
road griffin and then so that while i'm just trying to picture it in my mind you know well that was
this is what happens these women happen to be telling you the truth there was something that
might have been wrong but anyway i just wanted you to know they happen to be telling you to do
but just let me say one thing i only came in contact with you on this radio just a couple of
months ago i driving home and i tell my radio on my hug your voice i happen to like it
and you were so controversial that when i got home i was made of myself i was telling my wife
about you really what did your wife say well she got i was nuts but she started to laugh because
you are anti everything i think this is anything wrong with it but your anti everything oh no
no you ought to see me on payday sir i'll tell you something i'm very positive on it day
a few things a few things you are positive okay you were on the other day you were positive
but anyway let me just cut two things i know don't know whether you've been you did discuss it
the other time but i am really uh people in a booth there aren't too many people in the place
a man an elderly man a woman walk in and they sit down in the booth next to us and they're discussing
something and the waitress comes over hands in the menu but we don't want this we want the special
what special the special that was in the newspaper two for one now this is Tuesday night two for one
yeah well they have a special i understand they had an ad in the paper for Thursday and Friday
they're eleven ninety five or their five or i forget what is anyway two for the price of eleven
ninety five yeah you know a fixed menu of specific items that they didn't have and weren't prepared
anyway that waitress comes over to them sorry that's only on Thursday or Friday you bring me
today's paper i'm sorry i don't have it you send me the manager and the the fellow the man
it with the elderly fellow says what did you do foul up again you never read the paper correctly
what did you make me slip all the way down here from fort lauderdale why do i have to put up and
they will go and add it to the nail unbelievable the manager came over he said i'm awful sorry
he said i want to see the paper anyway they calm down the manager left they ordered something
from the time they ordered until it came this woman didn't let out for a minute and he would
let up on her for a second as far as when you read the paper you should read with your glasses you
don't know what that you're reading what did you pay attention i kneel so help me god i was on the floor
the waitress come over i says hello it's not all about and but into the place to go to eat believe me
see one of the great things when you go into some of those places in certain areas of town i won't
mention them but you can use your imagination yes we can't find it was an hour late there's no
outside there's no extra charge for the floor show no no no and if you get on seriously if you
get there on time and you really have a ball you you you get better than there's an a three way circus
yeah you bet in the sink and it's watching himself i'm so it's with a right and changing his
underwear right well maybe if you'd stop serving that early bird stuff failure customers wouldn't
have to change their underwear 19 before two it wins let's move right over to ron harison and
overseas electronics and get him in on this run well that's a tough act to follow okay we are
here at overseas electronic superstar
