Although I'm just an ordinary listener and although...
You give me goosebumps.
So I can say you give me goosebumps.
I give you goosebumps.
Yes.
What does that mean?
That's it.
Well there must be... there's got to be something a little more...
The sound of fingernails scratching on a blackboard gives me goosebumps.
Well, I was watching Channel 10 the other day.
Yes.
And that... you just remind me of that guy on Channel 10 that night.
Who's that? The weatherman?
Yeah.
The guy from the airport.
What is this man talking about?
I don't know.
The guy from the airport?
Yeah.
No clue.
No clue whatsoever.
That's our favorite kind of call folks.
We get a lot of those every day.
So that's why it's so enjoyable to be here at Goodall W-I-N-Z.
The home of manic depression.
Broward, hello.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Nail.
I bet you just started ringing a phone, didn't you?
Yes, I did.
That's because I punched up the wrong button, but aren't you lucky?
This is Apple calling.
Yes.
I'll allow you Nail.
Okay.
Good.
I just can't have to say hi.
Oh, your voice just dropped there for a minute.
It did.
Oh, boy.
I'm sorry.
Try to stay in a higher register.
Well, anyway, I'll just can't have to say hi and heart-won-un.
Your shirt was wonderful.
I know.
Well, anyway, I have a great day.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
See you at Hawaiian Gardens.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes.
This is Susette.
I mean, we have some bullioes.
Susette.
Yes.
Well, I bet you guys have been real busy the last few days.
We should have.
I bet you've been going bonkers.
Yeah.
Been good.
Good.
Brian and Josh aren't working tonight.
They're not working.
They work last night.
Yeah.
They wouldn't work both two young studs like that.
Wouldn't work both nights on a weekend.
No, I give them a night off.
Of course.
Right.
Shame on you, Susette.
I'm a good boss.
I'm driving.
They're there.
I hired them.
Oh, no.
Wait a minute.
That's not what I was told.
Well, that's the two.
The wife of the owner was in here a couple of, what about 10 days ago?
And she took credit.
I hired them.
She, she did what?
She trained them.
She trained them.
We don't want to get into that.
You know, it's a family show, Susette.
No, they came to me for the job.
I gave it to them.
You hired those wonderful young men.
That's right.
Well, we certainly have always liked you a lot.
Now, we want to know what's really been going on in there.
Has it really been a pressure situation?
No, it's been good.
It's been great.
Well, you know, it's easier if I work with one of them because if I work with another girl,
then it's like nobody wants to come in and see us.
Well, why is that?
Because they want to come in and see Brian and Josh.
Yeah.
You know, I get, I have to work during the day.
That's my crowd, I guess.
I get all the old ladies come in there and they don't want to see me.
Oh, I heard that there was a real surly couple of nasty ladies from Hollywood in there.
Is that right?
Yes, yesterday.
Yeah.
Who claimed that I sent them there and I want you to know that I don't know them.
I disavow them and they should only, you know, stew in heaven.
They said, Neil, I just sent a sack.
They should live so long.
And they wanted to taste everything, you know, and of course they gave them a taste and then they wanted toppings.
And then they were bitten about the toppings and how much it cost and that there wasn't enough.
Well, they didn't eat all of it if it were for to begin with.
It's a good thing you don't have sweet and low on a counter.
No kidding.
Don't you have anything diet?
You know, really?
They want something diet and then they end up ordering a three scoop sundae.
Tell me, tell me you give them a little milkshake with arsenic.
That's a real diet.
Tell them that's a permanent diet.
I know.
But we love them.
Yeah, oh yeah, sure.
You just got a smile and keep scooping.
They probably came all the way from Helen Dale.
Probably, they call up all the time.
Where are you located?
All right, so Brian is not upset, right?
That's the definitive word.
No, Brian's.
He's cool.
He's oblivious.
No, he knows, I think.
He knows what?
He understands what's going on.
Okay.
He tries to pretend like he doesn't.
Yeah.
But he's a good kid.
You can say that again.
He's a very good worker, Helen.
Josh is both of them.
Well, Josh is the undiscovered superstar of E-Mac and Boulder.
Right.
He was kind of jealous of her.
Well, he shouldn't be.
He should get a lot more credit because he knows where it's at.
And Josh is new.
Josh just started a couple weeks ago.
Can you imagine that?
Just starting like fresh and all of a sudden becoming a superstar?
In fact, even the CD we're giving away a little later is called the Joshua Tree by you too.
I would like that.
Would you really?
Well, good luck to you, Susanne.
Well, thanks and thanks for...
So when, now, what's the schedule tomorrow?
Tomorrow, yeah.
I think Josh and Brian are both working tomorrow night.
Oh, boy.
Wait, one of them's working tomorrow night, not working too.
Wow.
You only get to see half of it.
Oh, don't say that.
Susanne, that was a terrible thing to say.
Although I would settle for that.
But that's a terrible thing to say.
Okay, well, listen.
We'll be up to see you tomorrow and just to, you know,
not looking for any notoriety or for any superstar status, you know, just to...
Well, I've only, you know, I've only been there once when you've come in.
Yeah.
Well, we've only been there like, let's see, three times.
Yeah.
It's not like Stan and I go up there and just hang out there like a couple of degenerates, right?
We know, they're hovering over the place, right?
They're certainly hover.
Yeah, some of the people that come in must hover.
Okay, well, just kick them out and tell them I told you to do it.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, we'll see you tomorrow, Susanne.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
There she goes.
We've just made that whole store into like a legend and they're all mine, you know, it's frightening.
That's for a little scoop of ice cream with some hot fudge and marshmallow in the whole world
is crawling on their hands and knees.
What's wrong with you people anyway?
Are you desperate?
Are you as desperate as Stan and I are?
That's the question.
I don't think anybody is that desperate.
11 till noon, 11 minutes before that big door is supposed to swing open and Mr. Mobile is supposed to come through the door.
But don't hold your breath.
The man couldn't get up this early in the morning if his life depended upon him.
If the young lady from the Tinder box were here lying right in the middle of the table in the studio.
Trust me, he'd be here.
Okay, let's go to Dave County.
Hello.
Dave County.
Okay, nice talking to you.
Have a wonderful life and up your head.
Dave County, hello.
Hello, is this Neil?
Yes it is.
He's Neil has a going.
Good.
This man could ask me about the trill off.
Yeah.
Not to get off the subject of E-Max and bullios or whatever.
No, no, that's all right.
We've beaten that into the ground.
Okay, good.
We'll beat this into the ground a little while.
Okay.
The trill off is for what?
Is this Latin so this is supposed to call up?
Yeah.
I think this maybe you should have one that only Americans are allowed to...
You mean it's we should be non-discriminatory?
Well, I felt it wouldn't be any contest because it either would be like asking Gentiles to say Hutzpah, you know.
Trilling is a particularly Hispanic kind of a talent.
And most of us non-latans can't say Carroyo.
You know, I have a particular thing about that.
Well, as I have a very talented tongue.
Carroyo.
Not bad?
Not bad, yeah.
Not major league, but you know, maybe triple league.
Well, how long is major league?
That's what I want to know.
Well, I don't want to get into that.
What is the company?
I think you'd have to talk to Jeff Stryker about that.
I forgot who I was talking to.
I know.
I'm sorry.
You know, my mind keeps reverting back to my primitive origins.
Yeah, yeah.
I can see that.
My early pre-pubescent thoughts, you know.
One other thing.
I want to commend you on being the nicer one of the, of you and Stan.
Well, I'm trying, you know, now, when I stay over on his show, I discover how truly nasty he is.
I mean, he gets, I tell you, man.
It's some very nice people calling on a phone.
And, you know, he'll help, especially if they're not female.
If they're female, he'll keep mine forever, even if they're morons, you know.
True, true, because that one guy called yesterday who was on the mobile phone.
And just, he only did mention that he had been waiting a long time.
Yeah, and he blew him right off.
Yeah, he blew him right off.
Yeah, well, he's basically an nasty guy, you know.
Yeah, he's, he's real uncompressed.
But I'm working on him.
Yeah, well, give it a good try.
Okay, see you later.
It'll take a great miracle.
And maybe if we get him in here for a couple hours today, we can lighten him up a little bit.
Get him off this nasty kick, you know, he feels that he's got to be compulsively nasty and surly.
Nothing, absolutely nothing will be accomplished by that.
We're trying to tell Kyle that too, but he won't listen to us, you know.
Hello, hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hi, first time caller, but not a virgin.
Great.
I was just curious if you've seen the new McDonald commercial with the guy that has a head shaped like a moon.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's making me mignocious.
Yeah, and you'll never guess who I think of every time I see it.
Who?
It's a good time.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, it's a great taste.
Donald.
Yeah, this is the most important question of the day.
Okay.
Who did you like that?
Ronald McDonald or the new guy with the moon head?
I think the moon man.
Oh, I liked Ronald McDonald better.
Did you?
Yeah.
They make...
Yeah, the commercial is...
They both make me make up shots.
Oh, anyway, nice talking to you.
Okay.
Okay.
You have my best two McDonald's.
That's okay.
Okay.
And anybody who eats there can't be all good.
And I made that mistake again.
My car made a U-turn into a burglar king this morning.
And I have got a heartburn.
It sounds like I'm really...
It's got nothing to do with it being Saturday.
It's just that I have such a heartburn.
Killer heartburn.
Killer.
And it's not just the food, but it's waiting in the drive through a burglar king, especially on the weekend.
They bring the especially inept kids in to work the weekend.
And the guy in front of me who was in a pickup truck, I thought he was going to come running out of that truck,
bus through the drive-through through that window and crawl in there and behead every one of those people in there.
And legitimately he was... had a right to be upset.
He goes through the thing where they take the order.
And for some reason the speaker coming from inside is so loud.
Try to take your order, please.
You know, that loud.
And now he's given the order.
And he asked for whatever he was getting and four orange juices, right?
She is...
One orange juice.
And he's screaming back and yelling and carrying on and she still can't get it right.
And he finally gets up to the window after the two cars in front of him which took about ten minutes.
He's in front of me.
He gets up to the window and now they ask him to pull off to the side.
Don't you love it when he's going through the drive-through and whatever you want, they haven't got.
So you've got to like pull off to the side and wait for them to bring it out to you in about six days.
And the steam was just pouring out of this guy's ears.
So between that and the absolute total Harper and in those croissants that they give you, I don't think I'm going to make it.
So get in here stand fast.
Well, I hear somebody having a nervous breakdown on the other end of this phone and Broward.
Hi Neil.
How you doing?
This is Jay and you know, Marcie's husband.
And she's in the car here, wearing a mobile phone.
She wanted to tell you what she's going to make for dinner, okay?
Okay.
Hold on.
Hi Neil.
Hi, how you doing?
Good.
I just wanted to tell you that I'll make you a dinner that'll just surpass McDonald's, okay?
I'm waiting for you and I'm ready.
But will it surpass Wendy?
That's the question.
Wendy's, oh yeah.
I'm going to open up a restaurant right in my home.
Marcie's just for you, Neil.
We're going to have chicken parmesan, broccoli, casserole, whatever you want.
You know, but you can even send me your famous chocolate cake recipe.
No, I'm not eating anymore, Marcie.
I'm cutting that out.
You're cutting that out?
Yeah.
Okay, well, I'll make sure that's...
Only fruit.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, we'll see you at Los Carlos.
I'll send you a form of invitation and I'll be waiting for your review.
Okay, get that phone fixed.
Okay.
Okay, see you later.
You can bring stand too.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Bork will be on CBS Long Form afternoon until the Toronto New York game.
Well, we might pick up some of that.
Might pick up all of it as a matter of fact.
Sounds good to me.
Let's make some instant programming decisions.
You know, that'll get him a little nervous.
Those people in the programming department
who just take years off of our lives who treat us like chattel,
like some kind of subhuman douchebags,
like some kind of inanimate objects,
a box on their house,
and then some.
Four minutes to noon.
Let's go back to Dave County.
Hello.
Yes.
No.
Is this Neil?
Yes.
I've been hanging out just to tell you I miss your court gesture.
You know, you have such a camaraderie that I miss my Saturdays.
Well, good luck to you.
We'll give you his home number.
No, thanks.
I'm sure he'd put on a whole show for you.
Wait a minute.
Now, I want to tell you,
all these people that I know they do it in love
and they also use this food.
Yeah.
They're killing you.
Absolutely.
A coma would be a blessing to you.
I'll be honest with you.
The way the show is going this morning, I couldn't agree more.
Let me.
Deep sleep would be a big improvement for me.
No, I'm suffering the consequences of living with diabetes.
I couldn't want to.
You've got too much going for you to let it happen.
Well, they love me to death.
No, yeah.
That's it.
Literally.
Yeah.
It's yourself a two-cent plane when you go see Joshua.
It's not the ice cream because they're going to bury you with a soda or a sunsian,
you're a cat.
It's not worth it.
Believe me.
Well, as long as Brian and Joshua come and visit every week, that'll be okay with me.
We'll get a two-cent plane.
Okay.
Stay away from the ice cream and the pizza and all the loving food
that everybody's offering.
You bet.
And I keep that vulture you were talking about.
I keep telling him no more food in here and he just goes flying up to the front of the building
because he, by the time he brings it back here, he's already sucked up half of it himself.
He is indeed a vulture.
He's doing your favor.
Well, yeah.
But they bring up the rest of it in here.
Believe me.
Trust me.
We call his fault.
He's too sweet.
Well.
Yes, sir.
He laughed at everything you say.
Yeah.
Perfect harmony.
And I'm missing one.
He's not there.
Perfect idiot.
Well, maybe so, but there's no.
I always thought nobody was perfect until we discovered him.
Nobody's perfect.
But stay away from the food.
You're so young.
Oh, yeah.
Almost as young as Joey Reynolds.
No, I'm telling you.
I'm suffering the consequences of doing what you're doing now.
It's not worth it.
I know.
You're right.
It'd be dead.
Okay.
Well, I couldn't go along with you more.
Have a wonderful weekend and have a great life.
Hell no.
Unbelievable.
It could be a lot worse.
You could have the Rick Edwards disease where you start running around nailing things to the ceiling.
It's 12-0 way to W.I. and Z.
And guess who is in the building?
Not feeling too well.
You look under the weather today.
But the trip back to the Tinder box will straighten that all out.
I just thought you were going to come in here and slump down on the chair and sleep.
That's, you know, who needs that?
We could have had the nerd come in and do that.
Just make some breathing sounds.
Yeah.
Maybe it'll attract, you know, like the honey bee.
Well, I can brighten everybody up in the day.
And I need some role aids so bad for night's early adult business.
Huh?
Pepto business.
Bring your winds relief kit to WINV in Pearl City.
And see if you can nurse us back to a good health.
Well, we seem to really put that ice cream store not only on the map, but like they're probably all going to retire.
Wait a little, I see the building.
Yeah.
We ought to send them a big bill.
Well, I don't want any monetary, you know, I'm wanting to take mine out and trade.
I'll take mine in money.
Okay.
How are you?
Otherwise.
Okay.
Are you going to have this contest?
Are you going to have this contest?
Not right this month.
Oh, okay.
Right now?
No, that's your show.
I don't come in here, contrary to what other people do when they appear on my program and try to run my program.
I'm not going to come in here and inflict my programming ideas on you.
Well, that's good.
I'm not going to sit here and hang up on people like you do because we wouldn't have anything going on.
On the guest chair.
Yeah.
Well, I was just to get even with what you were doing coming to host you.
You hanging up on every bomb.
Unless it was a female, Roy.
So sad.
Oh, I'm glad you brought that up.
Because at the corner of Pines Boulevard.
Here we go.
And the main rolling again.
No, no, no, no.
This is good because this is for charity.
I need roll age.
I'm going to pass out.
This is not.
This is not.
You know, when the book comes out, that's where I think that saves them.
There are two teenage girls in the intersection collecting money.
Now, Heavens only knows what for at the corner of Pines Boulevard and Flamingo.
And one of them is a really cute brunette.
And of course, I was in the right turn lane and they're out there in the center.
So I couldn't even talk to them.
What's her name?
Wendy.
I don't know what they're collecting for.
They got little yellow baggies.
You know, maybe they picked that up from Jerry's fireman friends.
You know, if they can go out there and stand on the intersection with a fire truck park there and collect money.
Maybe these, these nymphats can do the same thing.
Nymphats?
Well, I mean, they're looking at the approach.
The approaching late 14 years.
And now, when I talk about the ice cream, Mr. Rice, speak of the wonderful young people there.
And the greatest respect and with admiration and awe is a matter of fact.
Oh, if any of you would like to make a derogatory disgusting terms like nymphant.
If anybody would like to pick up that little brunette and bring her down here, we'll put her on the show of wishful thinking.
We'll put her on the show and find out which is the case of some of my audience.
Wishful thinking.
Thank you.
How much money we could make for them by having them come in here instead of standing out there under the hot stone.
What would they do here to make money, Stan?
Just to whatever there, little bit of the stone out of those bills.
Man, look at that.
We can tell yesterday we pulled out of it.
I'll start it.
I'll start with a 20.
And it's going to be a good call.
Probably miners.
They're monitoring in the port of the day and a man comes in here and is doing me a big favor.
That's near century village.
They're not going to collect much money there.
No.
Because those people kind of hold on to there.
Oh, do they ever?
Did you hear or see who's that telling about that parable of old bags that came in from the market?
Hollywood isn't that something.
Wanted a little taste of this and a little taste of that.
Sound like they sampled more stuff than I did.
Yeah.
Well, I want to sample some of the stuff, but they won't let me.
Okay.
Well, let's see what the calls are here.
And then in a few minutes we'll do our, you notice what I brought in the Joshua tree by you two.
Yeah.
Well, keep your paws off of you.
Notice it's virgin.
It's still got the plastic on here.
Yeah.
Well, you have to do some very heavy drugs before you listen to it where the streets have no name.
Yeah.
I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
You notice it's called the Joshua tree.
I didn't make that up.
Yeah.
I know.
That's good.
And tomorrow we're going to be giving away Brian's song.
Just a joke.
Just a little joke.
Okay.
Let's see what we got.
Hello.
Hello.
Move.
Speak to me.
It's an honor to talk to you to a fine gentleman on this beautiful Saturday.
Oh, did you hear Elvis call too?
Yeah.
I heard that.
Wasn't that a treat?
Great.
An unexpected rated treat.
Yeah, well, you know, it doesn't call me anymore.
Well, let me just say I heard too that earlier today and I don't know what's going on over at
that ice cream store.
He sounded a little tired to me.
You notice that?
Well, she's acting as bodyguard, defend off all the leftovers.
Either that or you've got to work in too hard because there are so many of you who are listening
who are coming in there.
It's unbelievable.
Good grief.
Just after a night of those two young men work.
Well, she did say that she hired Brian and the Irish woman.
She'd be on her train, you know?
Yeah.
Kind of strange.
I live in Kendall, but I'm thinking of moving up to Plantation.
If I were you, I'd move to Waterhill right now.
Waterhill.
That's the place to go.
All depending, of course, on what you're looking for.
Like maybe you're good punching the mouth.
Oh, maybe I'll go in there this afternoon.
That's when the ladies are working.
Yeah.
Haven't you ever been in the one down there?
No, no.
I haven't even heard of it before.
I started listening to the show.
Well, we need a report on the staff there at the one in town and country.
Is it in town and country?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's only a couple of blocks from here.
I might, uh, just zip right and over there.
Go down there and do something.
You've got to know that you'll be lonely and there won't be anybody else around.
No, not in that mall.
Stan, where are those?
As a matter of fact, I remember where it is.
I'm in a charitable mood today.
Where are those girls?
No, they're not your neighborhood.
There's been injuries in there in town and country right on the end.
Yeah, I know where that is.
I never saw any Mac and Bollywood.
That's what, uh, somebody said yesterday.
What?
That they were at town and country.
No, they didn't.
Somebody was asking that.
I don't think they're in town and country at all.
Here he goes, disseminating more misinformation.
Maybe they went shopping and stuff.
I think that's what Arlene said with their money.
Yeah. Well, what does she know?
What does anyone know?
I want to look.
It's been nice talking to you like I said.
Yeah.
This has been quite a learning experience, hasn't it?
All right.
And if you had Hartburn like I do, you'd probably get an award just for finishing the four hours.
And imagine you don't even work at the FM.
Right.
We could send you.
I don't think there's anybody on the FM.
Really?
No.
I think that holds the end there playing some of the worst crap I've ever heard in my life.
Well, I went up there.
There is no one.
Yeah.
Boy are they playing some stuff.
I was going to make a suggestion.
Maybe that it gets you out of doing these Saturday shows.
If you listen to it to talk net, you know what Bruce does.
He takes shows in the event sometimes.
Like if he wants to get out of town and close a real estate deal.
Yeah.
Okay, but I like a Tuesday.
On a Tuesday, yeah.
He's got a number and says call here at 6 o'clock and then they tape it and they run it like three weeks later.
Sure.
It's incredible.
Okay.
It's good enough for Zeta.
It's good enough for us.
All right.
Okay.
Good call.
Yeah, how come the big Zeta Hot Show's aren't working six days a week?
Did you hear that?
It's a true story.
They just taped some drop-ins and somebody sits back there and puts all the music together.
And there's nobody there.
You're kidding.
No.
And these guys don't even have the job full-time.
I mean, these are just flunkies.
You think they'd be in there seven days a week?
Wow.
Crawling on the wall saying, hey, please don't take me out of here, you know.
They don't work six days.
Nobody in this business in their right mind is abused to the point of working six days.
It's just unheard of in the industry.
Unheard of.
The way to we get our agent from Golden Beach.
Yeah.
We're hiring a big-time radio agent from Golden Beach.
He's going to talk to him in one of those suddenly broken legs talent agency.
And I got an interview.
A boat-cooled man in Germany was never full.
Well, I was a little meat in the Fort Lauderdale restaurant about 10 o'clock some Saturday night.
And Joe's in the Bronx.
Hello.
Hello guys.
How are we doing today?
Howard County.
Welcome to whatever this is.
Actually, it's South Palm Beach.
But that's a South Palm Beach.
Now listen, I know I spent years mainly on it.
I don't want to be a chronic pain in the ass regular, but I just had a conversation after the show was going and I had a terrific idea and I don't want him to take credit for it.
So if you barely would be permitted.
Well, if it's a good idea, we never would have assumed he came up with it anyway.
Well, you know, listen, what can you do?
Well, if I got a heartburn, you wouldn't believe it.
I'll scale up 100.
So.
Take the bike car.
That burglar king will just do it to you.
Well, that was your first mistake.
But anyway, you know, Steve Dahl in Chicago has a 976 number 976 4242 to 312 area code.
Every day people call up and they, you know, do a couple of minutes for it to bitch and all that and they make a lot of money doing that.
I know you're good friends with Dave Ryder who's into that thing, Neil, right?
Yeah, I want to tell you something when Dave Ryder was on this show, I asked him to cut a couple of drop-ins or promos.
And his response was, well, the union might get upset about that.
Well, here's something that he could make some money at.
So maybe he would be laughing.
I mean, Dave Ryder is a wonderful guy and he's made millions of dollars and more power to him.
But he gave you the Don Johnson.
He hasn't shared any of it with his former friend.
He owes me because he inflicted me on this place or the other way around.
Right, right. He robbed me into this den of inequity.
And what I'm thinking of is how about a 976 Neil line where people can call in, you can do a bit or two and make, you know, mooch-yo-vots?
Sounds good to me. You'll give me out of here. It's great.
Well, you know, you can do it first as a sideline kind of thing so you have the money is and then, you know, act accordingly.
Yeah, I could probably even record my bits up the ice cream store.
I'm sure, but I'm serious. I mean, I, you know, listen, it's a free idea if you want to go for it.
It might be a nice edge on your income.
Or even a 976 stand, I mean, what?
Wait a minute. Look at this. Kyle is writing a message. He told Keith to tell Ryder six months ago to do a Neil line.
The Ryder doesn't want me to make any money. Don't you understand? He's like getting even with me now.
Where is that, if they just see it, something like city or something?
Keith is in Toledo, Ohio.
Holy Toledo.
Yeah, that's what he says every day.
It's motorway.
Yep.
All right. Well, listen, you've got some, he's sticking pins in our $1.00 of Stanley J. Cohen every day.
I don't blame him.
Yep.
Look, you got to work during the day. You can't work today.
Right.
Well, anyway, listen, you've got some more mooch-yo records or CDs coming your way.
And also, I took your advice and I said, both you guys, briot, adam, tell them.
Great.
About Brian Ferrier.
No, no, come on. Brian Adams is where it's at. Trust me.
Yeah, I'm really surprised that you're playing Brian Ferrier to a snook it to your eyes.
I would think that you would be into playing Love Is The Drug.
No.
You don't know it? You know that song?
No.
Stan wouldn't know a good song if it hit him a bit on the lip, okay?
I see music. Love Is The Drug. You don't know that song.
Send me the album.
You don't wear a rock.
You evidently don't have access to Brian Ferrier, a rock-sea music album, right?
You can go to a record store.
Yeah, thanks a lot.
Okay.
Okay, have a wonderful life.
See you later.
See you later.
Hey, tired of sitting around the house with no one to talk to, run out of friends who
have tolerated your pointless conversations, then tick up their phone and dial 9-7-6-4.
That's right. 9-7-6-B-O-R-E and communicate with people as boring as you.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, how you doing?
Fine.
So, what do you want to talk about?
I don't know. What do you want to talk about?
I don't know.
Yes, from one end of a state to the other, thousands of boring people are waiting to spend hours
of an AINN phone gap with you. Come on and join in on the fun. Find that special someone
you can share your pains and joys with.
I talked to Dr. Finestein about my back and I said, Dr. Finestein, I got this pain about
the same time my husband Marvin got his growing pool.
Oh, really?
And I just think all the time.
And I'm going to read more and keep it up.
Call now. 9-7-6-4. That's 9-7-6-B-O-R-E. This is hot.
Call now. 9-7-6-4. You'll be bored, you did.
I know.
And if you want to go out and have fun, you can go out and have fun.
The incident conversation, the likes of which you've never heard just 9-7-6-B-I-R-D.
The birds the word, indeed.
Okay, well, listen, stands wandering around desperately trolling for a roll age.
It's 21 past noon and winds will come right back.
Boy, oh boy, Michael, the system, where are you when we need you?
Shame on you, Bill.
Okay, stand is in the building, but I have no idea where he's gone.
He said he went to get a sprite, and of course we don't have a sprite in our machines and never have had.
So that means he's probably left the building and gone up to a 7-11 like in Opalak or somewhere.
So it'll probably be back about 3-30.
Where does the man go? You know, where did he go?
Now he'll come back and say, hey, I was looking for roll-aids for you.
I'm trying to help you out.
He'll have some surly reason that he's not here.
Man is incorrigible.
When he...
