W-I-N-Z now presents Neil Rogers. If you'd like to participate on today's program, you can call Neil on 624-9400-D or 524-9400-N-Broward. And now, here's Neil Rogers.
OK, I'm not even going to play what I was going to play in the beginning. I'm going to get right into it because I have never in my life seen such an incredible facade.
Somebody is so desperate. I mean, it came 1006, just like clockwork, OK? And the door came flying open. And what usually flies in. You know, like when you open up the door of birdcage, a bird usually flies out or in as the case may be.
And he's now actually slithering against the wall. Sit down over there and that one there. I don't want you that close. You can be Paul Lyle.
You notice it's pretty interesting now. That would probably be the next phase. Everybody will have a banana as I'm told to this call. And like we plan all these things out. See, we don't plan anything out. In case you haven't been able to tell that.
I always learned when I reviewed films that the original was all you would be in films. Sequals were never as good as the originals by and large.
So when you hear all these other side kicks, just remember the original is the best. I never reviewed this film yet.
But it was wonderful. It was great. Blue me away was river Phoenix really as good as everybody says. Anyway, we have something coming up. I don't know how to lead into this at about after the first break at about 20 after they're about all the record.
The great crepitation contest and my suggestion to everybody in the audience first of course call everybody you know and tell them because you'll be on the floor now it starts slowly.
Oh, it does. But once you get into it, I think that and if there are people who are easily offended now, I don't have any problem with this. And I don't think this even comes close to 5% of the audience will be offended.
Right says in the year. So if you're easily offended, we urge you right now to turn it off, which of course means they're going to go to the radio, turn it up much louder.
Particularly if they live on Miami Beach. Oh, yeah, the old farts if you pardon that expression. Helen Dale and Miami Beach. Will we say that word? Of course. There is no problem. We even discussed that in our big meeting the other day. No problem.
Okay, even in Portland, they occasionally do that. No, they don't. Well, quietly. Seriously, even while they slip one out. Very quietly, not on elevators. Yes, silent one, not on elevators.
And not in mixed company. Of course. Of course not. I didn't know they did it at all. Like on windy days in the middle of the winter, you know, when nobody.
When it kind of freezes in mid air, you know, when it's about 30 below in Portland.
There it goes. But I understand that the fact I must confess I heard a few minutes yesterday. Mr. What was the new word that I came up with? Mr. Alibi. Not Mr. Ego anymore. Mr. Alibi.
Really? Because he was talking, of course, about his favorite subject. Talk radio when she always does when he has no show. And I couldn't believe it. Just going on about this show, how wonderful it is.
And this is easy listening talk, according to Lee Fowler. And you can tune in anytime. You don't have to listen from the beginning. You can tune in and out because it's easy to listen to. And you don't have to be there right from the start, etc.
It's better to be here from the start. Of course. Start defend. And then when callers were calling up above various toast and a couple of people called in about the fact that Alice was desperate finished.
Beyond desperate. And the comment was you think that he's afraid of Steve or Stan and of course you know what Mr. Alibi said. Well, I don't know if he's afraid of me. I don't think so. But he certainly shouldn't be afraid of Stan. Although Stan will have dominant numbers. He'll dominate because of his leading.
Now, isn't that bizarre? You talk about another alibi. You know, he's already alibi. Well, look at his suggestion is that nobody listens to Stan because they want to, but because he just happens to follow me. So therefore he's going to have these huge numbers. And it's just another alibi for failure.
Failure. Well, Alice beat him. Did he in the trend? Well, Alice came in third. Alice didn't beat Maurice Chevalier.
Who's not feeling too well. Telling you. So there are some wild things going on, including I noticed Stan found this and left it in the studio, which I'm glad the front page of yesterday's.
I mean, is final home edition of the Miami snooze. And of course they have no idea where this bumper sticker came from. It's in the front page section on the left hand side where it says et cetera.
And it says upon this rock bumper sticker spotted in Miami, I love John Paul, George and Ringo can't imagine where that came from.
By the way, we got about 800 more yesterday. So if there are people out there who still want to still got plenty of time, it's only the 26th of August. And his holy will be here on September 10th. I think the day after I come back from the cake.
Right. 10th and 11th. Oh boy. Now we went through a thousand in like three days last week. We may have. So if you want one, send us your name and address.
Pronto. I mean like, yeah, because when these are gone, that's it. Sticker. The B.I.N.C. Miami 33055. When these are gone, that's it. You're beginning to look like Paul Lyle. You know that. I mean, there's a guy who's probably the most boring man.
Who is I don't know. He just hangs around over this guy. Hangs around at the olive Dung. And he is so boring. That's just what he needs. I would encourage Mr. Alibi to have him on every day for hours. He may not tackle. He just puts you into a Joe's a gacky like coma. It was funny because I was punching around this morning and I punched up for nearly which I really do. It was five to nine. I was coming to work. And he said, Oh, he was had his little finger is pinky in his left hand.
I was not a master. And I, the sports, I almost forgot about you, Joe and Joe came on. Oh, that's all right. I was taking a nap. My. Now, how do you know when a zygackey's taking a nap? You can tell the difference. He always sounds like he's taking a nap. I like that. Wonderful. I'll have done. That's good. Yeah. Rhymes with monk. Have they stick? Yeah. Well, so to speak. I do want to say, by the way, the audience stunk yesterday. I told staying that yesterday was our every week. We have a day that we call Thursday. No matter what day it comes in this week. It was on Tuesday. Yeah.
And the audience was pathetic. He told me he called me last night. He said, you were right. He said they just were not into anything yesterday. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. It happens one day or very week. And I think a big part of it is, you know, they had this big build up. They were expecting that meeting yesterday. For first of all, they wanted me to come on to give a blow by blow description, which would be unethical to be. You just don't do that. I mean, you know, in fact, I told probably more than I should have. But the audience out there just, you know, we appreciate their support.
But they do tend to get a little pushy from time to time. But that was the problem. Oh, you should have fought for the record. Yeah. Right. You come in here and fight for it. See, there was no Christ. They don't know what we're dealing with. That's that was the problem. There's no crises. Well, not yesterday. No, it was over. Right. And they couldn't handle that exactly. Their crisis oriented. Mm-hmm. Very much so. Yeah. Well, we might change that in a few minutes, although I can't imagine anybody getting upset about this. But then, you know, I've been wrong before I guarantee they will. They'll be complaining. We'll be upset.
You just watch. You think so? Blue hairs. Blue hair. Okay. Well, after we play it, then we'll find out people can complain. And if they're upset, we'll see. Okay, let's take our break. And then when we come back, if you want to get your record set record is going in tomorrow, as a going away gift from me to the audience, I have five copies of the album. It's actually on an album. I don't know what's on the other side. I haven't listened to it yet. But there are some little vignettes of some of those away. Now, this is a little introduction before we get into it. This is from 19th century.
It's 33, 15 over 50 years ago. Yeah. Over 50 years ago. And it's been played everywhere over and over again. And even on this particular album, they edited out the one really objectionable word at the end that you hear only half of it. Oh, we've got to hear half of it like that. There's nothing wrong with that. Just means quack. And, um, and, you know, aside from that, there's nothing for anybody. This is passé. It's old hat. But it is funny. It's Richard going to be on the floor up in master control. There could be a lot of people. And again, it starts
out the first few minutes. You just have to kind of ease into what, but once it gets going, trust me, it's worth the few minutes. 1018 at W and Z will come right back. Okay. We've got all kinds of stuff going on here today. And the mail has come in. What is that? Oh, attention. The bird isn't that cute. Well, let's get to the important stuff for someone to send us a virgin copy in VHS of bigger than life. And look at who that is. That's a Jeff Strenker. It says this just happens to be. Why does it say huge?
On the side huge video. Oh, I name of the company. I see. I see. I was confused. We also have the short version the record by Mojo Nixon and Skidropper. Elvis is everywhere. I love the edited version. The short one. I like the long, which I noticed that Zeta played the long one this morning.
It sounds good. Yeah. Once about time. Anyway, you know, you better listen very carefully now because you may never hear this again. And tomorrow we're going to give away five copies of this. And again, I want you to keep in mind. This is Canadian. Okay. And if it's Canadian, you know that it's got to be funny. And it can't be bad and all of that stuff. We're giving enough disclaimers now. Okay.
How do you do ladies and gentlemen? It is our privilege to bring you a diss time. And I witnessed report of the first international preparation contest. We are speaking to you from the ring side of the great Makeree Fortatorium, which is back to the raft with spectators eager and curious.
For the benefit of my listeners who are not acquainted with the facts relating to this event, it might be worth to describe the two contestants. Lord Windus Beer from Wapping Fog Hall in Devon Gilles, of course, the champion of the British Empire. The challenger is Paul Boomer, native son of Australia, who I understand.
Worked his way to Canada and the crew of an ocean freighter carrying a load of Melbourne cabbage upon which sort of stated Boomer trains exclusively.
I see now there's a bit of a flurry around Lord Windus Beer's entrance. And yes, here he comes Lord Windus Beer. I'll see if I can get him to come to the microphone and say a few words.
Joe, go ahead and see if you can get his water from over here for a minute. Now tell me for the radio.
Thanks. Well, Lord Windus Beer appears to be in good spirits. He's smiling and chatting.
It's known about him as a beautiful silk dressing gown of purple velvet upon which is worked. I imagine to be the coat of arms of the House of Windus Beer.
It's a beautiful thing. A good boy, Joe. In just a minute, ladies and gentlemen, I think we're going to have his lordship himself come to the microphone.
So if you were to write over here, please, write over here. Yes, yes, yes, folks, here he is. Write the microphone, the champion himself, Lord Windus Beer.
Are you a highness? How did you come to take an interest in this unusual art? Well, I suppose you could say it all started over Lady Windus Beer's fan.
I see. Yes, I noticed she was constantly waving this fan in front of her face. So I also tell why did you she do it?
So as she retolded, the divide insisted on constantly appreciating. She had to fan away in pure self-defence.
My friends were drawn into the cup of a sea and persuaded me to capitalize on my proficiency and all of the sort of going for it and all that.
That's all. Thank you very much, your majesty. Thank you. And good luck to you. That was Lord Windus Beer, a champion crepe of your television.
Here's a challenger. Here's Paul Boomer from Australia. Paul, over here, please. Breathe, ask Mr. Boomer to come over here, please. The radio, we want to speak on the radio.
Mr. Moonga, ladies and gentlemen, I think we'll have Paul Boomer for you right away. Yes, here he comes. His attendant who just poins his out and how to Paul. How?
He just raises his hand in greeting and starts walking over to the microphone. And here, ladies and gentlemen, is Mr. Paul Boomer.
Will you say hello to our audience, Mr. Boomer? Hello, Canada. Now tell me, sir. When did you first realize that you were proficient enough to take a shot at the Empire Championship?
Well, ever since I was a little nipper, I like to fart. I remember you used to make me mother and father laugh their bleeding heads off when I used to let one go in church during the announcement of the ladies' aid.
Excuse me, Mr. Boomer, on the radio, we call it creptitating. Now, look here, cover. What I always says is, a fart, a fart. Whether you raise up on one cheek and sneak, or whether you give it a full blast like I do.
Very well. As long as the CBC is an objection, I personally find me fall at a word much easier to say and more descriptive than the longer and more academic.
Thank you. I'd like to say hello and there's the bell. Thank you, Mr. Boomer. And good luck. Paul Boomer hurries off to the center of the arena to meet the champion and to receive instructions.
Now the house lights are dimming from the great flood of high-powered electric lights cascade down onto the center of this greater arena where stands in simple eloquence of the farting post.
The farting post is about four feet high and is decorated with red, white and blue-bonding up to about nine inches from the top. The bare top section is worn smooth by the grip of many hands in previous contexts.
So now it appears that Paul Boomer is to be the first at the post. Now that I believe has cut some real challenge here to make the first effort. Yes, Paul Boomer takes off his dressing gown and strives to the farting post. He gripped it firmly around the top and flexes his knees.
The signal to the commences not yet been given so we may assume that these are just preliminaries. I think I have time to describe Mr. Boomer's outfit. He's stripped from the waist up and wears a tight-fitting trunks of powder blue trimmed with color.
These trunks are similar to those worn by wrestlers with one important difference. There's a whole about six inches in the in diameter removed from the seat. This of course has been done for obvious reasons.
The symmetric aperture is called the finetrable breeze literally translated meaning the Zephyr window. Mr. Boomer's finetrable breeze has a scarlet trim around its perimeter giving a very provocative air to this genial Australian backside.
On there goes the signal to commences. He might have heard it over the microphone. A blast on the medieval bronx to Zashpigol, the traditional woodwind instrument associated with this port for centuries.
For now Hush falls on the vast, strong as Boomer walks slowly, deliberately to the farting post. He's exuding confidence and he gives one last all encompassing grin to the tense audience as he grips the farting post between a pair of hands that look as though they could splinter the post.
Now he flexes his knees much in the manner of a boxer. He seems to be concentrating on the very top of the farting post. You can hear a pin drop and hear it comes.
Oh beauty, I think it was a triple flood of blast. Yes, that's what the judge signals. A triple flood of blast. That gives him 25 points right off the bat.
And another, another of the same and another 25 points that followed by one followed by one. No two.
But I beg your pardon, three fuzzy farts in rapid succession. It's amazing how this man can change patient style of offering by a slight simple shifting of his buttock area.
He's too gripping the post in complete concentration. Boomer now has a score of 65 those last three fuzzy farts at five points a piece adding 15 to previous score.
And now he's something coming up.
A fluper. A fluper.
What's that?
I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen, that was a follow up fluper. A follow up fluper.
The second time in the history of this sport that a follow up fluper has been achieved in open competition. The only other time I believe was during the World Series held in Europe in 1783.
During the course of this series, friends who are footh. The famous French father after leaving a follow up fluper defeated Sanemite win his Scottish opponent by only one bloop and then drop dead.
You know since then in honor of Masifu, the bloop had been dropped from open competition. And now the score is 105 for Boomer. Fluper of course counts 10 points. But a follow up fluper. A very difficult maneuver gives 40 points.
Well, there's certainly been a whirlwind session. I think the poor boomer is about played out or blown out of the same. What am I saying?
He's a spuzzle fall and another. That gives him 10 more points. And he's not too yet apparently. Wait a minute, here comes a three. Oh, a little three with only two points and very dangerous. And another and another three. Well, not bad.
Well, he certainly putting up a fighting finish. Four three. A very hazardous. Very hazardous part because of the danger of flushing. But giving him eight very valuable points.
And there he throws up his hands. He throws up his hands as a signal that he's finished on the crowd gives him a tremendous salvation. He's sitting down looking a little pale or a little one perhaps but smiling, smiling happily at the crowd. This man has a definite charm about him that is indeed him to all except the most rabid.
And he's a little bit of a fan. And here's a little bit of a minute. Oh, boomer. One hundred and twenty three.
Did you hear that? Paul Boomer. A hundred and twenty three points. A world record. Meeting Lord Windus. He has previous world mark of one hundred and nineteen by four points. Paul Boomer, at this moment, is a world champion.
But how long we don't know because Lord Windus may might take it right back again. And his is Lordship now walking up to the post apparently not in the least is concerted by the brilliant performance of the challenger. He's out there.
A little differently from Paul Boomer. He has purple tights, the length tights and around the finetched debris. You remember the whole cut out from the center of his seat around this. There's a fringe of little gold castles about four inches long.
There's no doubt that some decoration affected by just a moment. It seems to be some sort of a dispute here. Paul Boomer in his seconds around their feet and seem to be arguing with the judges and pointing to the fringe on their champions posterior.
Oh, I see. I keep all boomers claiming that the fringe might add a whistle or some of the sound to Lord Windus.
The next minute efforts and so increased their value and after all in a closely fought contest like this every little advantage must be jealous.
The judges appear to be agreeing with Paul Boomer and they direct the champion to remove the fringe. He doesn't like the decisions very much and the crowd is getting.
The crowd is getting resentful. They think he should be a better sport about it. And I agree with him.
He seems to have decided that he's got to give in and he rips off the fringe and flings it to the ground. Then he walks over to where Boomer is sitting. He turns his back, puts his hands on his hips and...
Oh, he leaves a three-prite in Paul Boomer's face. The crowd get a kick out of this as you know a three for the very low score or only two points.
But to throw one away just in a gesture of defiance demonstrates the spirit of dash and recklessness which has made the Englishman the champion that he is.
He smiling disdainfully now returns to the center of the arena in order to the judge to show he's ready and he allow what's this. He's not going to use a farting post.
Lord Windus mere the champion and a final gesture of contempt scorns the use of the farting post. Well, this is developing it a bit of a grudge contest.
He has his hands on his hips, feet apart, knees, likely bent and a fist lap. His first attempt is and another one, two in a row and another one a third.
Three sisters in a row are tremendous effort. 60 points in his first 30 seconds. This is...
And one, two, three, four. Four fuzzies, four. Fragrant fuzzies in rapid succession. It's a pleasure to see the ease and comfort with which his lordship leaves his fart.
Perfect technique. And now his score is 80 points. 80 points in the first 30 seconds of the post.
Now, getting ready again, hands on hips. A little bit. Right in the face. As he strains to...
Oh, something there. Wait a minute. Something's wrong. His attendance running to him is in some kind of distress.
I see. Yes, the judge's signal. It was a plotchir or hard luck. Your lordship's a hard luck. The champion left a very bad plotchir and will be penalized 15 points.
That puts him back to 65 points, 59 short of the 124 he needs to retain his champion. He's all set again and seems to be straining a little more cautiously. And here he is.
A fundus break. A beautiful bit of wind breaking virtuosity. A most difficult, a most difficult part to perform without plotting this man has wonderful control. And the crowd are really warming up to him.
And that last, that fundus break counts 30 points and it takes the lordwindess mere up to 95 points.
Point is getting very tense now. And here it is. Here is the next one. A trowel blow. A trowel blow. 10 points.
Followed by a resounding single flutter blast. I think that is. Yes, the judges proclaim that the single flutter blast.
A lovely, a lovely change of pace there. And now the excitement is going unbearable. As the champion takes a step away from the post and his score is 120.
Just three points short of the pole. Boomer marked it. Three points short. If he gets one, one more fuzzy or two, small three. It's all over with the shouting. And the challenger will have to return to Australia with his shattered hopes.
I think everyone's heart. Aks a Paul Boomer. He's really a great guy. But the windess mere steps up to the post again.
It looks very confident as he gets ready for the killing. And here it comes. A three. A three. That's two more points.
A little small three. With all it was. Two points. And now it's practically over just one more of those little three.
So little two point three. It's in the contest. Well, be over. It seems as though his lordship was deliberately tormenting Boomer by dallying, but Boomer smiling.
It's a four smile, but he's trying hard. He's sitting there trying hard to take it like the grand sport. But he can see the feet standing ready to sweep away his dreams at almost any instant.
And now Lord windess mere steps forward and hello, hello, he's going to use the farting post with fine levitation. He grasps the post.
It flexes his knees. It looks as though he's going to try for a high scoring effort for a whirlwind finish. Perhaps another sysler.
And now he's trying very hard. The veins are starting out on his forehead and even the trickle of perspiration venturing down his temple seems to hesitate.
So that this mighty last effort should have undivided attention. Now suggestion of a smile from the champion.
It seems to decide it's just what treatment is going to give this final bid. I see the audience almost to a man is on its feet breathless intense.
Close his eyes. A look of purex is the only face.
Oh, he's the champion is just qualified.
And a ladies and gentlemen as a special service feature we have brought you direct from the ring side of the Maple Leaf Auditorium a blow by blow this 15th of the first
preparation content held under international.
The broadcast replace midweek meditation usually heard of this time.
Okay, that's a 22 before 11 in W. I. was that worth it? Was that worth the wait? They had a way to hold day, but I think it was right.
I don't wait 22 years since the last time that I heard that you think they're upset. Hope so.
Okay, we'll find out when we come back. I don't think so. I think when we give away the five albums tomorrow that the phones are going to explode.
We'll speak what we're going to do next is going to upset some people. What is that? A break?
Enough. Okay. We started small doses. Don't you understand? We don't. We don't want to overdo this because you all of a sudden we got a new deal.
He comes sauntering in here every morning. You could set your watch on it. You know the atomic bomb that they've got at CBS the atomic clock.
They could set the atomic clock on his entrance into the studio every morning at 10 o'clock. He just saunters in, cradles his wing around the mic stand.
And you can get a couldn't get out of him out of here for a love or money. I'm telling you it's incredible. It's unbelievable.
And we don't want to put a crimp in his wing, but just maybe a little dent in his brain or something.
So we're trying to bring you back to reality here because this is not a not a playground here. This is a radio show.
Now I'll break the news to John. That's going to be right. That's going to be well you get all the toughest diamonds because he's going to be really upset with me.
But you know, Bill Carter could not do my vacation because of contractual conflict with that other unmentionable station.
So we have a little problem and it looks like I'm not going to be going away all that time after all. I'm just going to be leaving on Fridays and Saturdays for a few weeks.
And I'm going to be here right on through. I'm not going anywhere. And I'm very depressed about that. But my friend John is going to be really upset.
He's going to get paranoid now. And it has nothing to do with him. Does it? Well, they can't hear you nodding your head. No. What a douchebag.
But one time we need him to say something. He starts doing sign language again. Maybe we'll send you and John. No. No. He knows about it now. Was his mic open again? How did that happen?
You noticed that you didn't even open it up. It opened by itself. I can't believe it. More magic. It must be that harmonica convergence again. I can't believe it. I suddenly hear Stevie Wonder.
There's another volunteer right there. You don't have anything to do. No. He would love. Wouldn't you love to address those envelopes and send them out? You can even address a few in Spanish.
You know, send your Joe Smith. You know, that kind of stuff. We got a good sense of humor. But you're not leaving us. Sorry. You're going to put him to work and put Nancy to work. Good. Do something useful. Would you please?
And maybe you could bring some in here and do some while you're sitting around. You're not going to be talking. I never thought of that. Maybe the bird could actually do some work. I know that that's against his religion. But that might be how come I never thought of that?
He's got a so conditioned now into doing nothing. You know, I mean, this man has worked. He has manipulated this job into into a paying deal for himself. It's incredible. I know Glenn and work are not compatible. I know that Kyle. You don't have to write it on the screen. I'm more aware of it than anybody.
I'm not talking about it. But once in a while, he books a guest like for Ira. Once in a great while, not too often, just to make it look kosher. Okay. We'll get to Sandy Payton. And of course, most of the people in my audience don't even know who she is. And believe me, once she comes on the air, you'll really be excited.
I can't wait myself because she and Lori Sheffield, the producer are now together again. Boy, what a romance that is. How made in heaven.
And when the two of them get back together again with the TV repairman and the nutritionist and sugar cookies, it's going to be so exciting. She's going to be so dynamic on that station, probably because they have that good signal, that technical or crawl or food. I kind of like the way they sound myself.
By the way, Stan called Alice on the air yesterday. And it was really I was in the car and I was punching back and forth. And it's really amazing because they've got a seven second delay. And we have a three and a half second delay. So it was really confusing punching back and forth. And when you punch up wins, it would be clear. And you could understand and then you punched a snooze.
You know, you couldn't understand the word anybody was saying so it was really bizarre. And then after Stan hung up, Alice took a nasty shot at him and said, boy, that major is always desperate for a show, which of course is true.
But and I told Stan that last night, he said, no, that wasn't a shot. That wasn't a shot. I said, yes, it was a nasty shot. No, no, not now.
Now speaking of Stan, we're going to take our first break and then when we come back, we have a little crisis here at W I N Z.
Now we don't have a little crisis. We have a major crisis as in you know who major. I mean, I worked my tail. It was bad enough that I worked so hard Saturday putting all the music on cart and the audience hated me.
No, they didn't hate me. They just hated me. Well, they hated me for playing it. Let's be honest. That was bad enough.
But then yesterday morning I come in and I worked like crazy. You know what it's like listening through seven minutes of Don Johnson to find one part of an interview that you put on cart.
I mean, that's a punishment worse than the death penalty, even daffy would have loved it. But I know. We'll save her for later on when it gets closer to two when the suits start tuning in the sea. She's going to be coming back.
But anyway, we have a little crisis because it seems that somebody has spirited away all of yesterday's work because he doesn't want to jeopardize Don coming on the show.
So we'll take care of that and we'll take care of him.
Twenty-two.
The Windixi in the Jacaranda Square Plaza or whatever that is because last night, see it's always on the way home that he forces me to stop at these supermarkets allegedly, you know, having to finger through the inamins or something.
But anyway, he got me to go to this other Windixi over by where he is. It was the most long place. The selection of food was pathetic and the help certainly were all on a work release program. There's no question about that from the House of Uglies.
And it was just one of those, you know, you let that man lead you around by the nose and always going to spell disaster. It's always going to spell disaster.
But that wasn't his biggest misdeed yesterday. His major misdeed of the day. Are you cackling again? Are you gurgling? His major misdeed of the day was he says to me in my car no less.
He says, oh, I pulled that cart, by the way. I said, what cart? He said the Don Johnson thing.
Now, do you follow that? That would be like my going into his rack over to my right. Correct? Over to my right. There's another with his stuff over there. I don't pay any attention to that stuff.
There's some of my stuff in there, which I do pay a lot of attention to. But the stuff that's his, I keep my hands off. I mean, can you imagine my going in there and pulling out something of his that he worked to put on cart that he uses on the air? No way, Jose. No chance.
Oh, by the way, I pulled that cart. I don't want to jeopardize getting a Johnson on the air. He might get pissed by it. You know, you keep playing.
I suffered through seven minutes of toying with that interview listening of that ridiculous. Hey, oh, yeah, buddy, a bow. That stuff, that mong. That absolute mong.
In order to put that on, I did a magnificent job. If I do say so myself lifted that little bit out of there, which, you know, it's one of those like lost like the lost excerpts because you don't happen to hear it on the two to six show that particular part of the interview because it's embarrassing.
And he pulls it out of my rack and tells me this. And he's had fair warning. I told him I was going to rip him to shreds on the air today. I told him that. And I don't want to let him down now.
Wasn't bad enough. He did that. Then he dragged me to that horrible wind. Dixie. Oh, what a place. What a selection. All a customer. There weren't hardly anybody in there. And the handful of people that were in there, they had their fingers down their throats as they were going up and down the aisle.
Oh, look at this. You know, they couldn't believe what a terrible store that was. You stick with a winner, Stan. You stick with a winner. And he just doesn't know what it's all about.
So anyway, he has lifted that cart, taken the label off of it, no less. And hidden it somewhere in this building because he doesn't want me to jeopardize this fantasy that's never going to happen.
Anyway, Johnson's never going to come in. Here is a prima donna. In fact, I've been scouring all over looking for we happen to hear it on the radio last night. Donna, the prima donna by Dion, one of my favorite records, by the way.
But I know you don't want to hear my music. So don't worry about it. I'm not going to play it. And I can't find it. I do have it somewhere. I've got that Dion album, but somebody I guess lifted it because it was in this building.
And anything you're bringing this building is going to disappear faster than you can say James Hummel. So he's gurgling now. He's gurgling. So anyway, we have a little problem there, which we'll deal with in just a second.
And also it seems that we've been led down the garden path. All of this jazz about Jeff Striker calling in on Stan Major Show.
Jeff Striker lives in California, which I heard some queen calling on yesterday's Stan Major Show to give us the accurate information.
And of course, anybody with an IQ over two would know that because this ex-rated brochure that came in is from Catalina video.
And it says it has a toll free number if you want to order these dirty pictures. And it also says in California called toll free this number, which means this is an outfit obviously out of California.
Like most of these are all this perverted stuff comes from California. And we love it. But anyway, Jeff Striker does not live in this area.
Did not call in the Stan Major Show lives in California in West Hollywood.
The island queen has sent to us, which we haven't received yet a three foot tall poster of Jeff Striker, which we're waiting for with baited breath.
And when it comes, you'll know when it comes in the building, you will know when you hear this silence and then a thud when I fall on the floor, you'll know.
That the poster has arrived. Well, I mean, if it's a three foot tall poster, look at this small picture and look at that. Okay. Now if that's blown up on a three foot poster, poli Toledo is all I can say.
I mean, that's going to be frightening. The name of the movie, by the way, is power tool for those of you who are into those home fix it kind of stuff.
Did I say fix it? Now our chief engineer will be racing in here. Now, don't get nervous. He's nervous because Sandy, you know, he used to work with her a lot of these people in the building used to work with the police.
And they've been running around with little sandy peat and voodoo dolls, not fix it though. He said she never stole a freight train, but he did have some terrible things to say about her son, which I will not repeat on the air. I won't repeat those. They were scandalous.
So anyway, Jeff Stryker will probably be calling in from West Hollywood, California, not Florida. See, probably somebody said, Oh, you know, Jeff Stryker lives in Hollywood. And they thought, you know, like Hollywood, Florida.
And of course, he's under the age of 100. So there's no way that he lives in Hollywood to begin with anybody knows that. But West Hollywood, California, yeah, I can see him being out there.
And let's face it. Is he something to get all excited about anyway? He is. Okay.
Don, before you go, could you do one short thing for me? What's that, man? Just say freeze major, Miami vice, you're under arrest.
Absolutely. I'm not going to do that. Okay. I see the mistake that Mr. Major made is that he left the cart in the room. Now he did put it way in the back there with the erased carts and the carts, you know, the throwaway stuff. And he did take the label off.
And there about four or five carts back there, but having a good memory, I looked at the top of the cart and it looked very familiar to me. And I said, gee, I wonder if this is the one I put it in here this morning and I listen to it. And lo and behold, what do you think I heard?
There were the Malifluous tones of Stan Major along with that annoying, aroused voice of that douchebag. And I'm supposed to sit here and I'm going to show I'm going to pretend and I hear these young air heads. I heard a couple more in the 530s today.
You keep encouraging him and encouraging him. Don't you understand you're destroying the man's career by encouraging this viceness, this insanity, this obsession, this fetish with this ridiculous show and this ridiculous guy and this whole bit like Michael Talbot.
I don't even know who Michael Talbot is. And then he had that bodyguard who whoever that guy was allegedly a bodyguard for Don Johnson who called in yesterday, who threw a shot at me.
Well, yeah, I was over on the set. They're shooting vices. Who cares where they're shooting it. Does anybody care? No.
And the comment was what he talked to a Don and Don said, oh, yeah, I know Stan. He's a great guy, but that other guy over there.
Not so sure about him. Well, we're sure about you, Don. Okay, we're positive that you're an arrogant obnoxious douchebag. Okay, I mean, that's just the way it is.
Now I'm going to get accused of breaking up that romance just like I got accused of that seven year old girl or whoever she was.
I get blamed whether it's George Valdez, no matter what it is, I get blamed for it. And I'm used to it. I'm taking responsibility for everything bad.
The Spanish Inquisition, the Crusades, the Holocaust, World War II. You name it. I'll take the blame. Stuff before I was born. Okay. I'll take the blame for it.
See, it's a lot easier if you just do that than just like put a blanket over everything and you take responsibility for all of it.
You can turn on his mic again long enough for him to read this definition. Have you found it? Yeah. Inigma.
You know, in the E and I, yeah. Now is the G silent? Because if the G is silent, it means you're an enema. No. In NIG. Okay.
But it is something to think about because there are some languages where the G is silent. So ENIGMA might be pronounced enema.
You mean like NAT? Yeah. NAT more. By the way, Jim Langer would have started at center the other night.
Dolphins would have won the game. And George Wilson Jr. understand they're bringing him back to replace Marino the next four weeks.
Who told you that? Do you realize that offer dolls going to be offered ten weeks? We can't afford for him to be out for ten minutes.
Much less for ten weeks. I mean a team of the great defense like we've got cannot afford to lose John offered off for ten weeks.
But hey listen, I can't believe you're talking about football. Is that what you're talking about? I love the Dolphins. It's always been talking about.
Took me years, but I finally about five years ago became a convert. I love my dolphins. It's this weather. There's something wrong with that.
It's the way the Dolphins got you in the back. Postal like all those out of town teams like Kimberl Marshall, like those Martian teams.
Not that old home town teams, you know. We support the hometown team. Yeah. Of course we have Mr. Jock over here.
Mr. Sport. What are we talking about? Basket. What are we hockey again? What is that? NAT more. He used to play hockey for the Red Bulls.
I wanted to read the definition of enigma, but you've been calling me an enigma. No, not an enigma.
We've been calling you an enigma. No, you've been calling me an enigma. And now that Sandy's coming back on, look at that.
Your timer is your your egg timer is cooking. You know there's a definition on the same page.
Okay. Now you see you did too much. You got carried away. You have to slow down, relax, put a lid on that cackel, control yourself, behave like a munch.
You know what that means? A munch. M-E-N-T-S-C-H. It won't be in there. It's a Yiddish word. This is a bilingual show.
Who, my Mr. Valdez, to feel right at home, you know, speak a language he understands. You know which language he understands? Verbal terrorism. That's the only one he understands.
The only impact that Neil Royal made in this community worked to write this community. Okay. I've done it again. The terrorists tend to two weekdays only on W-I-N-Z.
Okay. Put him back on again. I just want to read this definition. So people, you know, people don't all know what they're nicknames.
Okay. Let's see all the people in the audience that want him to read the definition. Let's see. Okay. Wait a minute. Let me hang up on these three. Four. Okay. Start with a clean slate.
All the people in this audience want to hear that. Cut it out now. I haven't even asked the question. You haven't given the number.
I'll never give you another. Look at that. They're all lit up. Okay. To read a nickname. Now on. That's what we'll do. We'll get permission from the audience for you to speak. That's all right. By the word. That's one word at a time.
Now which word would you like to use? Keeping in mind that the FCC is in town monitoring the show. That's right. Monitoring everybody in English only, by the way. How come they don't listen to those Spanish language stations?
They can't understand what they're saying. Why don't they bring a Ricky Ricardo or somebody down here who can understand Spanish and monitor some of those stations?
They can't know what they can say anything. Exactly. They can do any damn thing they want.
Come on. You know, all day that stuff goes on. Talk about verbal terror. He's a stereo. The monster. Yeah. What is an enigma? You've been referring to me as an enigma. Excellent question.
And I would like to read the description. Sometimes between now and two we may get the answer. Well, there's a definition on here concerning. Don't rush him. Don't rush him. Will your place? It could be worse. He could be on the FM.
You are on the FM. Yeah. You're probably responsible for at least 0.001 of that point nine or whatever. No, it's not a point nine. It's a one one. Come on. Let's be honest.
Now. I want to want to want the FM because I'm on there. Why don't we give them some of our points? Sure. We're very altruistic.
We're very magnanimous mood today. We'll give them a few of our points. I can't even go on vacation. How do you like that? I have to take my vacation one day at a time. You don't have to.
Two days at a time. Well, it just worked out that way. That's what you prefer. And that's fine. That's fine. Well, easier on this. What's this we business? You've been lapsing into that lately. We like you. I say we and appendage of this program or something. Did I say we? Did he say we? Now, were you speaking in French? Yeah.
We don't say it twice. That could be actionable if you say it twice. Can't control himself. Can he just can't control himself?
You better be nicer. I'll tell him your reaction when I asked about Jeff Stryker. And that'll blow your whole image again right down the drain.
All your friends at the Thai Orchid will be on the phone again telling us the true story of which direction this bird flies in.
Never see a bird that wore an earring and it's left ear. Or it's right ear. Well, I don't know. I get confused. I keep thinking about that kid in Windixie. A lot.
He hasn't come back. By the way, if there's anybody who works at that Windixie now, sir, you'll get to read the definition. Just relax. I am relax. Is there any pressure on this show?
Last night, I have that Gizmo. You take your blood pressure with 127 over 81. That's good. I am so proud of that. That's a good blood pressure. I mean, 120 would be perfect.
But for me, that's a great blood pressure. Calm, relaxed at ease. Don't you know pressure? Don't you understand that's why I'm here is to keep you calm and relaxed and keep you a little bit 110 over 70 except for you.
No, I'm here to keep you. I keep you from getting your blood pressure out. Don before you go. Could you do one short thing for me?
Well, what's that thing? Just say freeze major Miami vice your under arrest. Absolutely. I'm not going to do that. Okay. He just keeps refusing over and over and over again. Now, if he uses that as an excuse, not to come on stand show. I mean, is that a Mickey Mouse excuse or what?
That's no excuse. What does this show have to do with that great love affair between SNM or whatever their initials are?
Stand in Miami vice whatever. Yeah, SNM stand in Miami vice. Okay. All right. He also asked another part of that interview that didn't make it on the air. Is it Don have you been chased?
How is he spelling that? Now, what was I starting to say before you so rudely interrupted me with this animal business?
I was getting into something for you. And it totally escaped me. It either had something to do with the John offer dollar Dan Marino. All that's real.
Oh, yeah. George Wilson Jr. is going to come back. He's going to be a fill in the exhibition game. So those of you who'd like to get refunds for your tickets, it's called Weaver. We'll take care of you.
How about the way you know Chuck Tanner is the only manager in all of baseball. It's got two teams either last place around the burger, but I'm not sure if it's graves. I think just barely had a pod raise. No,
let's remember the pod raise lost 700 games in a row at the beginning of the season. And they were taking Larry Boa out to those John Birch meetings and hanging not an effigy, but for real, you know, just for little short times.
And they were so far and now all of a sudden the graves are right down there with them. They're on the precipice. And of course the pirates are like 500 games out in the East.
And Tanner's ghost is still in Pittsburgh. You know, so he's he really does it. I mean watching them play is like watching life in slow motion. If it weren't for the fact that Dale Murphy were on that team, I don't think I could handle those
brother. I said anymore and skip carry. I like skip. He's excellent. Not as good as Dale Murphy, but I'm glad you. I think there's a better show. We could get a better chance of getting Dale Murphy on this show by phone.
Seriously, then Don Johnson being in the studio would stand. Dale would come on here by phone. Yeah, probably. Yeah, till I told him what we wanted. Yeah. What do we want?
There's that we again. Notice see I slipped that in there and he picked right up on it. I know what I want. I don't know what you want. A lot of people ask me that by the way. What I want exactly. Well, so to speak. No, that's true. That's the one thing they all want to know about the bird is which way does he fly?
And I keep telling him I don't think he flies at all. I think he just like a hummingbird. You know, the wings are moving like crazy, but it's not going anywhere. I think that's basically it. Now look, I'm I'm the producer of this show. I'm involved with this show.
I can say we I mean, I'm very much involved in the show and have been for quite a while on the producer a little bit to involve at times. Yeah, exactly. Yes. So that's why I agree. Didn't disagree. Now that's why I say we because I work on this show.
Those phones, man, they're just flashing frantically now. Is that greater? What? Yeah, this a great life for what you feel better? I'm getting to Sandy Payton just before we get to your definition of anima.
And I think there may be a relationship and Linda Thornton who needs. Do I dare say this delicately because I like Linda a lot in spite of what you are really do. She needs to the nigma. Yeah, she needs an amygdda. That's that was good. That almost redeemed him for the whole hour almost almost.
She needs a coffee in I'm. She listens to the new show coming on. She'll hear jean dog.
And that's what we all strive for every day. You know, I know Tanner can relate to this. He go try to get people to talk about your radio station after 10 o'clock in the morning. The morning show is the hey man. You hear what Tanner did this morning? Are you here with Rick and sex? Did I hear what you dealt with?
When the night has come and the land is dark. Can't believe it. He did the talk up perfectly to me. Incredible. Okay, thank you, Jimmy. It's 107 at W and Z our final hour on Wednesday. And I have like my mouth. You know, when you've eaten. And especially when you like ice cream or yogurt and you can't talk and you're like tongue and you're it's all just jammed together.
Okay, somebody departed and brown or during the break and you know what they say about that 524 9400 North Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. I was listening to sports talk last night and they had it from a.
That dolphin talk on or something. Someone called up and hang took the call directly to the question towards the Rick Weaver.
They said Rick, you know, Neil is talking about your geodorant on the radio again.
They both acted like they didn't hear what the call is set. Yeah, and he repeated it again and said, well, we can't understand that call. That was pretty funny.
But I understand that the birds don't want to show from bird bull when you leave a remote. Yeah, probably.
Is that it? Okay. What was that all about? He was going along just fine. He just lost it. Totally lost it there at the end.
Boy, some of these people, man. It's like their last contact with reality. You know, it takes all kinds of people to make America what it is today.
It takes doctor. Oh, and lawyers are there accountants and librarians. What it also takes much more than that. It also takes America's more on.
Use your signal. You know why we're all around you. We're taking 200 items through the express lane of the supermarket.
Anyway, we're sitting behind you in the movie theater wrapping our Christmas gifts. We're holding up your bank line while we try to cash a check from the bank of Venus.
Hey, pal, could you hurry it up? Why, how are you? We're the association of ignorant Americans. And we're always looking for new members.
So if you hate any minority, don't read much and just love to litter, then have a friend dial the phone for you and give us a call.
Just dial area code 632-626-6766 or me, Emma Moron. Hi, I'm a moron. This is your clock in the morning. Oh, was you sleeping?
America's moron. We're taking years off your life. You can say that again. And I will. Okay, anyway, that card was not from our friends at what at Y100.
That was, I don't know why I keep saying it because Tanner hasn't been there for years. But there's another card here, although I will say whoever's sending the cards has good taste. So keep the cards coming.
Okay, keep those cards coming. Right, Davey? Yeah. How you doing? Pretty good. What's up in Davey? Have you seen any Haitians today? Oh, no, I've been busy at work today. I haven't been running any cards down anywhere. Great. You know what this is? Who is this? John.
John? Yeah. The reason why people don't call in is because we don't want to be chronic callers. Exactly. So that's why you had third. Glad you're picking up on that, John. What do you mean people don't call in? Well, look at that. Everybody in Broward hung up during the news break, just like yesterday again. Well, that's why you had third day on Tuesday. I can't believe this. Born this audience. It must be all getting out of Franks and beans for lunch. 524-9400.
We gave the whole number today. I know it hurt. I love the contest. It was great. We're going to have our own contest at noon. Well, I'm beating up for it. You know, great. I got a definition here that kind of goes along with the contest.
An asphalt is a medical term used to describe a rectum problem. Shame on you.
I know. Let's see. Oh, Quinn, did you call for us today? No. No. What are you talking about? More of the skin side. I know. Nobody understands what happened. Maybe they fake the call or maybe I would tell us to sleep again, but I was listening to them and they had to drop in with me on it. Yeah. And then I heard your voice on there talking to bottles.
And he was talking about how great the station was and how they liked you. And then you said, well, everybody should listen to Neil. 10. Really? Yeah.
What if it's someone doing an impression of me at that? It's real hard to do an impression. Who said that? Pretty unique. I said it, but I don't call that radio station. Well, I must have been dreaming that. Well, no, that's possible.
We'll get to the bottom of it, John. Okay. Yeah. We'll research that for you already because they do seem to be obsessed with this show. And every morning when I, you know, have occasionally tune in, see what's doing. They're always talking about either Neil or.
Yeah, well, or both or both. Yeah. Donald noodles. They just can't get their minds off YouTube. Yeah. Well, they're not my type. Okay. Listen, have a wonderful day and the don't steal any nickels. Okay. All right. See you later. Bye. North Miami Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. Hi, darling. This is Pearl with him. Hi, Pearl. How are you sweet? Hi. Great. I just must tell you I love you. I love everything you say, everything you do. And then he
buddy does a mic. You can go to hell. Exactly. Listen to me. See, I'm sure you heard that record before. I haven't you. I got to just after that record, whatever it was. I heard you're talking about it. I don't know what it was. Oh, you didn't hear it. Oh, darling. Oh, boy. Well, nobody knows. Nobody knows what's on it, darling. I don't want to go into it. All right. Listen, I got to tell you. I've been trying to get you for a week. Leave it or not. A week ago today. I was.
I was in Corkeys with my grandkids having lunch. And behind us, there was a booth with five ladies. So help me. God, I'm telling you the truth. And I said to my grandson, you've got to listen to this. They were all having a conversation about the you. He. And Neil today. Oh, yeah. Oh, I wouldn't miss him for the world. Of course. But we love him. You bet. Five ladies sitting and talking about you and a booth behind us. I was so thrilled to hear what they were saying. Me too.
I thought I had to tell you my ears were burning, Pearl. Yeah, but believe me, they were praising you to the skies. They love you, these ladies. I've got to tell you something that you don't know because I am a very learned in the Jewish language. I was for a very important. Very orthodox. Now there's a word you use to write. Now it's. Byrd to it as a baby's rectum. The actual.
Meaning of this word. In Jewish is a shower because when we were kids, we didn't have showers in our homes. We didn't have bathrooms in those days. And my mother would give me six cents and say go to the public.
And take a shower. When is. So in other words, if I tell somebody to push me in push, that means kiss me in the shower. Good. Excellent.
And I thought I had to tell you another thing when these old parts call a you. They listen to your bags. Just be nice to your children because they're the ones who are going to pick your next home.
Very good. Good point. Good point, isn't it? That's what I thought. So I just thought I tell you I love you, your brilliant. You have a brilliant mind. I love the bird. I love him. I know he grows on you, doesn't he? Oh, I love him. I think he's adorable. Like a small tumor on your arm. You know, Pearl, do you know what bagel means in Jewish? A bagel is a bird. Exactly. A little bird. A bagel. See, a bagel is a big bird.
Right, and a bagel is a little bird. A little bird. A little bird. A real bagel is a real durable. Listen, Pearl, it's always great. Here in from you. And every time I can get through, I call you and just paint alone. I love you. Keep up the good work. Don't let anybody bug you.
They tried it to it. To me. And they it never works. Scrum. His. So you know, someone I worked in New York. I was very, very, really scary. I was dirty.
I know you were about as dirty as they can get right and that's not to kill
Gallim nothingness one day in the week without writing something bad about me and
I want you to know you couldn't get into the joint yeah but was so packed you
couldn't get near it and then one day she wrote something nice about me I wrote
her a letter of night they should not change the good watch I can't get the
people in here with jammed every night in the week yeah but whatever they say
whatever they wanted to screw them do what you do and it's gorgeous it's
beautiful you're a big pickup the most people in Florida who listen to you you're
a big pickup you make that day you start that day off beautifully and keep up the
good work I love you thanks a lot okay see bye bye Pearl you don't even know
who she is do you just said to her what you do that's because I told you the
last time she called and it's always great to hear from her Pam in
Lauderdale I want to thank you for the nice card boy there's just tons of
mail again here today they're almost well most of it oh dear Neil dear
Neil thank God you're on your way off the year on your way off don't forget to
collect that bum stand and take him with you the reason people listen to you is
they're waiting to hear that you're out of there 11 and a half years they've
been listening waiting to hear that I'm gone just waiting for the day I'm glad you
saved your money because you're gonna need it for a long long time now I know
there's a God unsigned yeah how about that the card sign sorry to disappoint you but
life goes on in the big city and now continues Neil Rogers music sweet one song
in a loss three minutes of continuous music a 94 W I N C
he's in everything he's in everybody
Elvis is in your jeans he's in your cheeseburgers Elvis is in the nutty buddies
Elvis is in your mom he's in everybody he's in the young the old the bad skin
and the white the black the brown and the blue people got Elvis in a few
Elvis is in everybody out there everybody's got Elvis in them everybody except one
person that is yeah one person the evil opposite of Elvis the NPL
and he almost got no Elvis in them let me tell you Michael J Fox has new Elvis in him
yeah and Elvis and Joan Rivers but he's trying to get out man he's trying to get out
out there in the world a lot of things people say what the heck is going on let me tell you who built a fear of this
Elvis who built a stone his yeah I mean see guys walking on the street pushing shopping cart
and they think they're talking to Ila they're talking to themselves man though they're talking to Elvis
Elvis Elvis you know what's going on that promoter triangle down the promoter triangle
Elvis he's folks Elvis he's folks Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis
Elvis he's folks the sailing Elvis chapter Elvis Commodore Elvis it is yeah man
you know people from outer space people from outer space they come up to me they don't look like Dr. Spock
they don't look like clean-ons all that Star Trek job it looks like Elvis
Elvis everybody in outer space looks like Elvis because Elvis is a perfect being
we're all moving to perfect piece and harmony towards Elvis this soon all will become Elvis
everything everywhere will be Elvis why do they call it evolution anyway it's really Elvis
evolution Elvis evolution Elvis is everywhere Elvis is everything Elvis is everybody Elvis is
everybody Elvis is still again
Elvis
Elvis look at him you're welcome this game garden's hello good evening I called
he's a morning and a fast drink and I'm drinking here anyway this is the gay blade
in this game garden I have a tip for the boy are you there yes he's also got his mouth full
but I'm listening okay he's listening are you seeing a divine the actor yes yes I have a picture
of divine in my bathroom at home oh Neil are you thinking what I'm thinking boy I have met divine
I have interviewed divine I want to ask you a question I want you to think about this one of the
first things that happened this morning after my Jeff Striker virgin videotape arrived is our own
movie reviewer requested desperately to borrow it or have a copy of a say desperate to review it
not desperate well requested to see it thank you okay well this is a tribute that divine did to
the boy a long time ago and a movie called pink flamingos which I've seen many times do you remember
the birthday party sure do you remember the gentlemen that laid on his back and thanks to his
yes the highlight of the movie he wanted to highlight right do you remember the song he sang
no the boy the birds the word that's all really the birds the word yes right if you don't have it I
will send you a copy I don't have it I will send you a copy how do you happen to have a copy
of pink flamingos yeah all of John water's film he's saying the birds the word I'm a big John
waters fan yeah I'm on the outside of this kind I have no idea what every shopping flamingos
oh well I'm very very very very very I have no idea what these two are talking about it's a little
inside yeah so don't blame me are those of you in the audience who are getting all upset and sticking
your fingers deep in your throat to bring lunch back for a second go around I have no idea what
they're talking about everybody saw pink the lingo's when they were in college you miss that you
must have been absolutely look at that yo oh boy holy Toledo if you could see this yogurt it looks
so good yeah that's wishful thinking I'm no I'm telling I'm serious okay well I just wanted to
call and then tell you that to remind you of it and you have a wonderful vacation thanks a lot
this year okay oh great call I'm no idea what he was talking about but it was a great call
well I don't know what to do I don't know whether there's scream or eat this banana
haha because there's all that beautiful oh strawberries look so good
it takes a special week of man to get these bones across the roughest part of the Colorado River
or to get that turn alongside a 5,000 tonne supertanker and when it's all sitting down you know
you were the man in charge of bringing her home yeah that's me you come on get serious that's not you
you're like most peer drinkers all you want is eight hours of football a tub full of
and a couch big enough to handle you and your
beer belly big bottom no problem here just have another
gang of extra heavy touch
beer we're growing the beer for the biggest party you
uh
of course you'll be
because the mountain for a touch beer that's the
touch breweries say you need me to say what did pro Williams say the touch means shower
big shower yeah
haha
your body's record you've seen his film you'll even purchase the day glow velvet memorial paintings
of the gas station as a true Elvis fan you think you've heard it all but wait there's more now you
can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations yes it's the Elvis tapes
you know baby this is Elvis I want you to come on right now make me a big peanut butter and
a
you'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments
all piece of milk is a
yeah this is the almost
won't you bring over a couple large paws
bomb makes it make three
don't make a sex double cheese
yeah I'm hungry
hungry
and hungry
and you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one true love of his life
oh if you back want you back in the live baby
and I don't do way back would you pick up some donuts please
make your name three don't
crullest jimmy's dead is two
hold up my baby honey glies don't us
without them I can't do the Elvis tapes
oh give me give me give me give me more gold
available now we run stores everywhere
hold on to you
hold on to you to live in more than two
are you a big puddle to forget it
master cashline
where you'd in a time of wild
and money from the arms sales to iron
was being a legally devoided to the contrast
you know mr. semitr i'm glad you asked that question
because the countries are guerrilla fighters
and guerrillas always remind me
of the monkeys and isn't a great that after all these years
they're once again the hardtrabble teenagers all across the us of it
mr. ksac
will you just answer the question
well sir there's nothing i'd like better
but only advice of council i'm most regrettably and respectfully decline
your request but don't go away because i'm going to take the fifth
and of course i can only mean the fifth dimension
the year was 1967 when this
specification top of the championship will the god
promote this man from the train by immediate advice
see those mangay will have a deal with your gun
kc's command is countdown
hello america this is kc and every week on my coast to coast commandment countdown
i'll tell you how many of the top 10 commandments
jimin tami baker have broken so far
in just one month they've shattered number nine
number eight number seven and number six
making them the most sinful couple since sada mange born
and now they're shooting for commandment number five
isn't that right tami? that's right kaisi it's time to make your mic
well there goes number five with a bullet
a 38 count yes i've been shot through the heart and good of lane
i gave ptl a bandit for sure for sure
kc's command is countdown
i know you must show the same way after all the years has been
imitating them a few times when you have a problem
it helps to talk with others who have the same problem
okay elvis you guys on the share with the group now
well yes i'll do elvis rooms
thanks very much sir i'll hold on elvis
give me orders and double cheese pieces first
you'll get some peanut butter and antersamets
it's a good idea elvis
i'll like your elvis room to an encounter session
at your local elinon center
elinon
where chronic elvis impersonators go for help
i want you to get one of those out you saying elvenon
well sir i think it's time the people step discriminate against us
female impersonators and valors
you know i got some urn too
right?
right?
learn to recognize the early warning sign
twitching lips
i see your control of flames
swinging here
i'm all shook up
incredible weight gain
more twiggy's fling
at elvis anonymous
we understand that impersonating elvis
is not a career
it's a disease
love each other
love this weed
give us some theory
so please send what you can to elinon
members to the sea
and thank you
thank you sir
why do you like the woman?
why do you like the woman?
it's not for me
how much you got for real
by the way tomorrow we got six guys who knew elvis
intimately
we're going to be guest on the show
and we're going to have the real elvis story
unsensory tomorrow
fort lotterdale hello
ill
i love that album
it's great isn't it?
better than the beading scene in blazing saddles
much better
yeah i think so
you know let's stand have access to it
well yeah it's his life you know it's his job
listen is there any way
wins
the consimal cast that
pokes mass from tamiyami park and play
certain portions of that album at the same time
good thinking i never thought we could do it in stereo
he'd uh... simul cast on the fm
at the end of each of his holiness of sentences just blasted one out
and
i think it's nice commentary
yes or we can send letter down there just in person you know we wouldn't
have to play the record
yes
go ahead
yes any ideas on what you're going to do on friday
uh... no
please plan on playing that album
well gee that would eat up a lot of time we'll leave it here
that's the idea
over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over
and
it'll lead up an entire segment
we'll see
okay i'll take your suggestion under consideration
okay one
all right thanks a lot now okay we'll see it the of anakin
oh sure
okay
