Yeah, speaking of unbelievable last night, I don't know how long it's going to take me to tell this story. I mean it was
Daily, I can't begin to tell you the ice cream store looked like the rascal house on a busy day. Okay, they were lined up
I don't want to say for blots, but they were lined up outside the door and if Brian's survived it if Brian is still with us this morning
Congratulations because he did a yeoman job. I'm not trying to put her on up a little bit. Okay?
Well, just a little bit, but I have never seen such a crown and they were all our listeners
Standing I just drove up in fact we drove by because I said to him wait a minute look at the mob scene in that place
I'm not going in there now
And we thought we killed a little time and then we realized that as time got
Gruan the crowd was gonna get bigger. I can't believe it. I think everybody who came by and
J told me that today is national ice cream
Munga or something like that some special day
So we'll get the schedule and find out who's working tonight and maybe some of those people come back
They came from Miami from Coral Springs from Airview. We're just for a little ice cream
Little chat with Neil and Stan and of course a little look at who might be working last night
And we didn't let them down did we we certainly did not I
Think Brian's getting a little bit nervous. You know, he's fairly oblivious, but I think he's getting a little bit
nervous just a little
Our first caller must be desperate. It's a payphone. Hello. How you doing?
Yeah, okay, you broke music here. Oh boy. Got your record. You got it. You want it?
You got Friday on my mind?
I was gonna bring it in today. Funny. You mentioned it. We were always very fond of you Craig right now
Don't think I want me okay. I'm sorry. I apologize
I'm sorry. I was like, advise are you cereal cereal? I would appreciate that make sure I get it back
Oh, is it in good condition?
I don't speak. It's not real scratchy or anything is it?
I don't think so because I'd be embarrassed, you know, because all those FN
I'm sure I can probably bring it in. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Bye boy. What service? I asked and you shall receive
Friday on my mind. I just play that in lightning strikes when it comes in
We'll just segue them back and forth and back and forth and I was coming to work and I was thinking about lightning strikes
Which was 1968 Luke Christie and a lot of the people like who were there last night the ice cream store weren't even born
In 1968, which is kind of a frightening prospect
There's anybody out there who wasn't born like before 1970 don't ever call me because I can't cope with that
I can't relate to that the idea that I'm getting that old, you know time marches on I'm telling you
It's very easy. You're 18 20 25 and you think hey boy. It's life is a bowl of cherries all of a sudden
You wake up on day and you discover that you're 40 and
Everybody always said life begins at 40 and they left a couple of words out life begins to end at 40 trust Uncle
Neo when he tells you it starts getting a little depressing and you start watching the big chill over and over again
You want to go to class reunions just one last time North mindy beach hello
Yeah, I was talking about you this morning on TV who was
One of the guys on TV was not that Joey Pinto again, you know this guy is so desperate
Well really
With a listener he called up and he said let's stand about Neil Rogers and the guy Joey said no
Why he's the best here at man I got
So I said no let's get them out all he goes for his ice cream boys. Yeah, right now
I'm big and when Dixie too, so you see they don't know what they're talking about
Bag boys are just as good as ice cream scoopers
Okay, I'm a good one. Okay, you two. What is that Joey? No, you know, I heard that he's a homo-sapier
That's the rumor we're starting new Dell also said the record is on the way
I tell you we might wind up with a hundred copies of Friday on my mind today
By the easy beats what a show what an audience what a life. What a place?
If you believe that mobile phone hello
How are you? Oh, I blew it. You know what I should have said don't you? What mobile?
Your mutation of the band was better than the band with your own show the other day
Well, he's he's coming out of it now
He's almost alive at this point after last night
Well, he has found
I know but we rekindled his hope now there's some hope and of course there was some guy there in a metz uniform and Stan is convinced
That the guy brought his wife by for Stan to a fondle and the check out so
Well, I got your
Please appreciate really yeah sure did the one
Jesus goes to McDonald's and the
Think about that out is the plan to get mad out in a cover for that thing is wow
It's the plastic is what?
It's clear fat. You know, oh, yeah, I know yeah, and the the album covers is like this clear vinyl
I don't know that something out of space. It's really wild. What kind of vinyl did you say?
Out of space vinyl clear vinyl. Yeah, clear. Well, what would you expect? I don't know maybe black or you know cardboard?
Okay
Hello, I know it's rough isn't it?
Anyway, thanks again the bird was right on top of it. He typed the after you know you guys aren't a good little time
Right over there the way the way it came on look like a three-year-old that typed it on his
You know that was the bird yeah, yeah incredible. Thanks a lot. Yeah, okay. Thank you
I think he was a little hurry there. He was on a mobile phone, you know
35 cents a minute from the time it starts ringing. I don't blame him
You know he could have gone out and bought the record for the price of the call my any good morning
Welcome to w. I. N. Z. Sir. Thank you
What do you want?
Hey listen everybody's got a little complaint somebody got it the other day in fact the guy came to the ice cream store last night
And was apologetic because he called in yesterday and was not the record was free
But it wasn't as good as I said it was so everybody's got a little complaint
No, there is I call I took you advice. I went up to Valentino
Just last week you reported on that you said it was pretty good
Yes, and I found a very very very good town. Was there anybody in there?
There were three people yeah, yeah, I guess it's a select little crowd that hangs out in there
I don't know what that's all about
When I was there she was taking reservations. I was there pretty early on there about seven
But she was taking reservations for the weekend and they must have a pretty good weekend crowd
However
Maybe all of us is my been up there. Sadies
Yeah, I could be you know better they were at the ice cream store one of the other
Anyway, it wasn't that meal. Did you enjoy it too? Yeah, it was pretty good
All right thanks for the tip and how about the Chinese is that open now the Mandarin Chinese
I
That's about
Uh-huh. So thanks up thing about the time and being open the China man is open. Okay
Okay, well, listen, I'm glad you enjoyed it and good luck to you sir
Okay, I have a great life and we'll send you bill for it
Oh here he comes ladies and gentlemen with a compact disc in his hand
Where's that from is that from Zeta?
You tell us uh got friday on my mind on his way and uh craig the uh deets throat is setting it over
Or do you see it? I see the light by the five americans friday on my mind by the easy beats now
They would never play that on the FM here with it. What just happened to lines in day
Kyle has a message here. It says no one wants to talk but leave anti-brewed messages
Hey, listen don't leave any messages if you want to talk to me to a stupid star then that's what it's all about
Otherwise bug off. Okay, buzz out
Now we are gonna need your help a little bit later briefly
We have those tickets to giveaway that's why they're not calling out because they figure if they call now
They'll blow it and we're all looking for something for nothing
Don't start with that with a message. Is what you please leave the port bird alone already
Poor maligned creature. Well, why don't you have somebody uh dub that is that possible onto a cart you'll dub it? Oh
No, you remember the last one don't you
We only want one cut. We don't want a little preview of whatever cut follows it on here. What comes on after
Uh, oh, I see the life by the five americans good song good record, but uh, we're not in the market for that today, okay
So um, what are we gonna do? We've already got a copy of it on the way over from new del
Yes
And uh, I'm sure the crag is listing on a way over so crag thanks, but uh, you don't have to make the trip because we got it
What a great record huh?
at zeta
Boy, I didn't know they were still speaking to us over there. I heard they said some nasty things about me yesterday
Yes, that's what I heard. That's the popular rumor that Scott that maven from the morning there
said some terrible
blasphemous disgusting
Probably true, but uh, shame on him
He's starting again. Can you believe me starting again? He's just hovering in the background making bird-like chirp
They were asking for you last night. Did you hear what I said?
We wouldn't be caught dead in public with you and that's um
Right from the heart now. They wanted to see it and they all were asking does he really look like Tweety bird? We said yes, trust us
Trust us the spitting image
You
Boy, but you get is that a little bit too much work for you to handle?
Maybe you can get Jay to put it on card, huh? Can get somebody okay? I don't want to pressure you now
I know that the last couple of days
We've actually asked you to make a couple of calls and do a little bit of work now
He's at a new station now w-o-r-k and he's not used to those callators. He can't relate to those
Okay, let's take a little break here and see if we can't straighten him out
Get that on cart and of course I'm sure that nobody in the audience gives it in they don't kill
They don't want to hear that right well. I do I like it a lot
24 like some of the people who came by last night. I like them a lot 24 before 11 at w-o-r-k and we'll come right back
Oh my god look at what just
Waddled in here from the FM now one of these rumors
Yeah, but I heard about you taking my name in vain. I didn't I didn't I swear I didn't
Is this my working? Hello, that's right. You need the tip to my body. We're going now. We use all this crap
No, we still don't know we got a nine. What do you got? What's that you heard what Stan was saying? No
Well, Stan was complaining everybody always calls advocating show. Oh, yeah
Yeah, so I called my I said well all the people that call you and complain about him are using kissing up to you
People want to be your friend. They don't want to disagree with every show. That's it. What was the last time you had someone call you and complain to you?
They're always saying on me. I love you. Oh two minutes ago and like
uh
Fox calls up he kisses up to you all those guys. He doesn't kiss up to me. I don't I wouldn't kiss him
I'll tell you that
They're just like I'm like his joy a little bit, you know like on the cheek. I I met him the other night. Joey
I'd never met him. I met him. I went up to as she's from my boy aren't you lucky? Yeah. Oh, yeah
Who's I'm a different person for it
Definitely. Yeah, I would think so you look a little different straight in the end and proud little old
No, I didn't say that a lot of I love you. I don't met him. I think your show is great. I really don't like oh you know
They were talking about Howard the other day. I don't think I don't think I
I think your show is great. I really don't know. Oh, you know, they were talking about Howard the other day. I don't think I don't think I don't think I Howard
Do you like Howard that much?
What do you like about Howard Howard the duck? No, Howard the stern
I'll tell you what I support. Yep. Is this Howard? Oh, Mr. East celebrity. Oh
Who is this? Is this Mr. Stern? Yes, it is. You want to voice your support for us? I guess I do. I do. I do. I get my
Serious, serious voice. Oh, it's Howard. Grandpa from the Munsters. You know
Once grandpa from the Munsters gets angry at the FCC I bet you go to create a potion
You don't make them disappear. Can I tell you something? God
Even I can't create a potion for those me and the ghosts
They're behind the grave those people. Not really. I want to tell you
Howie. I mean nobody. No offense, Grandpa. I don't know you that well. You still call me howie
Grandpa
Okay just a little sample. He's got a card in here Exactly
I had a chance to listen to jak and him on
I may be see for a good year straight
Because I don't say straight on zwynd
I was I lived in Connecticut and uh you know the Am signal reached where I was and after a while
Well, he's sick, got old.
They're really got old.
He's great.
They really got old.
Little dirty.
If you listen to him like two or three times a week,
it's great every day.
Well, I've been, you know, when there are 12 million people
in the market, you can afford that.
You get a lot of turnover.
That's why we just, so well in the large market,
but people were saying like, you know,
Stan, you're not like Neil, it's the same thing.
You don't want two neils.
You want that for sure.
Or two stands, you definitely know.
That's it.
So I was just saying, I was saying,
Stan was, he was bombed.
He was bombed.
He was really good.
He's a lot better now.
But did you know the people critiqued him?
After the ice cream store last night,
he's a lot, trust me.
Yeah.
Did you hear the people critiquing him?
Yeah, I heard it.
They were telling him like, hey, smile once in a while.
That's true.
He sounds like he was depressed.
He's had the moving experience from that meal
we had three days ago.
Or did I'm not going to go into that?
I couldn't do it.
Bad food, bad restaurant.
Food was delicious, but left a little something wingering,
you know what I mean?
Like, like terminal cramps for about three days.
Uh, well, he was, I didn't say anything bad about you.
If I'd, I'd have to come in and say,
he said, he said it was so bad that he wouldn't repeat it
because I'd get upset.
That's what Stan said.
I don't want to create any riff, you know, between you guys.
But oh, no, no.
He said I was okay to quit here.
Your honest opinion of our morning show now.
Tell us.
I can take it.
I'm a big boy.
On a scale of one to 10.
One to 10.
I'm set myself up for a big one.
No, I'm not going to realize it.
I couldn't do that.
You're not going to do that.
No.
Do you see a few little work?
Do you see a future?
Needs a little work.
Did you listen to us today?
No.
Okay, so you missed it today.
We're starting to take your advice.
We're starting to take a little chances.
And a little risk.
A little risk and we're fucking the establishment.
Something you do so well.
So I'm out here to promote our radio station.
No, of course not.
No, I'm not.
I've not made a lot of promotion.
I always get, it's like they attack me like,
oh, he's ripping us again.
I give Zeta more promotion than the management.
Every time I mention it.
Every time you mention it.
There's nothing as bad press.
It's press.
No, nothing as bad breasts.
Oh, well, that's too true.
Where, you know, well, he decates maybe a bit.
Don't start now.
Now you'll pick on him and he'll get all set.
And he can destroy the FM with that half hour show he's got.
Yeah, we're going to be out of this week.
I'm psyched about it.
Or you're really, I hope,
or he's really going to want to have no shame.
This is going to watch my run.
I wonder how the different people in the building
desperately has no show.
Oh, he's going to come on the show with me.
You know, that kind of stuff.
Tell me I can pick my own music,
but I've brought some hell and ready records or something.
Yeah, actually, you probably are aware of it,
but they got some big promotion in mind for both the AM and the FM.
And they hired two kids with sandwich boards that are going to be walking up
and down the Lincoln Road Mall.
This afternoon and it's going to be great.
That's the most promotion we've had in a long time here.
Yeah. So things are going to be going on inside.
Yeah, I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of your hair.
But no, these are people probably complaining about your being here.
No, it's no problem. No problem.
I'll tell you what, I just want to see.
I don't want to see any problem anytime.
I just want to, I want to sit here.
I want to watch the match.
I want to watch the masterwork.
No comment.
Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello.
Can we take our second break?
We did it, didn't we?
Oh, I panicked. I didn't crush it out.
Yes.
Well, what a sexy voice.
Thank you.
How are you?
Fine.
I have bad news for me.
What is it?
My school is having Ricky Tiki be the speaker for graduation.
Are you serious?
I am serious.
What is this?
Piper high?
No, unfortunately, it's not.
You go.
Try to get people to talk about your radio station after 10 o'clock in the morning.
And that's what they're doing right now, Ricky.
So here about it at the water cooler, right?
Probably, I would think so.
I hope you don't have a lot of water coolers in your school.
We do. Unfortunately, we do.
Ricky will be there with his friend, Dr. Bendova,
and they'll be hovering over all the water coolers.
Buzzing in each other's here, doing little talkups in each other's here.
What I wanted to do is I wanted to get some kind of petition and fines,
and we just need to speak fans.
Oh, no, I don't do those things.
Now, they don't let me in schools anyway anymore.
They don't?
No way.
What about stands?
Oh, especially stand.
They don't even let them near the school grounds.
See, these stand wouldn't have anything with these people.
These are all older people.
There's nobody under 16 there.
Oh, well, like I said, he wouldn't show up anyway.
He's busy.
There you go.
Well, listen, give Ricky.
Give Jimmy Hummel a big kiss for me, and wish him, you know, the best.
I just had to say that.
Especially when they lose their license over there.
You wish him the best.
Oh, when I found out.
Yeah. Well, nothing's perfect, you know?
Unfortunately.
OK, we won't hold it against him.
OK.
Bye-bye.
Stand might like to, but that's another story.
OK, we do have an open line in each county here this morning, which is, in fact, we have
a couple of lines, right?
Because they're giving messages, and they're just on their worst behavior.
Well, that's probably because the FM people are showing up in here.
They can handle it.
Bade County 6249400, and in Broward 5249400, dear field.
Good morning.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
How are you doing, guys?
I was at the ice cream store last night.
Where are you?
Unbelievable.
That's what he said.
I know.
You own a piece of that a lot.
I should.
I should have about 10% of the action.
I can't believe it.
Anyway, how come he's feeling?
He's still down in the dumps.
Oh, I don't know.
He had to be pressing day yesterday.
I thought he was a full sleep on the chair.
No, he's in better spirits now after that experience last night.
Hey, but he did give me an autograph, so I feel better.
Yeah, he saved it.
He's in Neil's.
My wife's a facialist.
I was wondering.
You get into facial, at all.
I'm serious.
You got to fetish?
That's a fetish.
Yeah, it sounds a little funny.
It's a buggery way.
It's a buggery way.
You might change your way.
I had some of those people rubbed me the wrong way a little bit, but that's another story.
Yeah, me too.
I know just that.
Mostly they rubbed me knowing.
I was going to send you a gift to get you and Stan.
All right.
Was your wife there with you last night?
Sure was.
Did she go in and try to attack Brian by any chance?
I tell you, I had to keep her out.
I think from the car with the door.
I didn't know when trusted with me.
I thought that was a good looking kid.
Yeah, I think you could say that.
I think he's getting a little bit affected by it, though.
I know.
I first walked in.
I got there early.
I got there around 730.
Yeah.
So what can I say?
Is this the place?
He looks to me and he says, well, it's the ice cream place.
He didn't really say it.
It is the place.
I saw you.
I saw the sign.
Oh, yeah.
They changed a little message on there.
You see they wrote on there.
It's a good time for the great taste.
Right.
Why did they do that for it?
Well, I guess they want Donald to come and visit next.
Well, anyway, I heard it before I go.
I said, take one.
That'll be the end of the whole thing.
You know what they put on Lauren Green's tombstone?
Oh, yeah, come on.
Is this going to be tacky, sir?
The dogs of America.
What is it?
The Lauren Green died at 83.
That's 17 years in dog life.
Oh, yeah.
He does the outpork him.
Yeah, that's cute.
That's okay.
It's okay for him.
I don't think he was 83, though.
I think it was only 68, wasn't he?
I don't know.
It was in his 80s.
He looked like he was in there.
Yeah, I think it was only four years in doggy life or something like that.
No, when he was 60, he was still par.
I think he was still on the hands of who knows?
Have a good life, Neil.
Okay.
And I'm going to send you these facial certificates.
I can't wait for that.
I'm really enjoying it.
Okay, we'll give him the stand.
Yeah, why not?
Okay.
