Money for news wins now presents the Neil Rogers show.
If you'd like to participate on South Florida's most talked about talk show,
call 624-0191-1-1-8,
or enbroured call 764-07-07.
And now, here's Neil Rogers.
You can say that again.
10-07 at W-I-N-Z, and here we go on a Tuesday morning.
Ha-ha-ha.
I didn't tell you what you can say again,
but we'll say that before the show is over.
So let me breathe, I have to find my...
...tronic callers.
Although I think we've pretty much dispelled some of that.
There may be a little bit of it left in the real ultra-cronic callers.
But some of the chronic callers think they have a constitutional right to call a talk show.
Like Harvey from Kindle, he's the one who...
...depriving him of his constitutional right to be a jackass.
But we're not depriving him of that right.
He is a jackass, and nothing that I say or do is going to change that.
It's just that he's got no right to be on this show.
I decide who's going to be on the show, period.
Nobody else decides.
And that's true with any talk show host.
And if there are talk show hosts in the market who are too gutless to hang up on chronic regulators,
then they don't belong on the year. They shouldn't have a show.
That is, in my opinion, that's a fact.
If they don't have the guts to get rid of people who are guilty of terminal boredom,
then they shouldn't have a show.
And I hope some of them are listening. I'm sure they're all listening right now.
Now, I didn't get up extra early to hear Herman and McQueen this morning.
I didn't get into that, but I did tune them in a little bit coming to work this morning.
And I'll be honest with you, pretty boring.
They do use some of the words that we saw in that CBS piece last night.
They didn't say something about Dickhead or something like that.
But you know, and if they can say it on FM, why can't we say it on AM?
See, that's another part of the hypocrisy of this whole thing.
Let's make up our minds. Is this radio or is there some difference between...
In other words, if it comes in on your...
...friar or your pop-up toaster or your steam iron,
if you hear it there, is there some separate kind of regulation?
As to what we can do and what we can say?
Because I think that's a bunch of garbage.
FM, AM, PM, or BM radio is radio.
Well, so to speak. And in this market, so to speak,
you can put a blanket over most of it.
And I heard herman and McQueen, and I guess to probably get some people calling.
Some people in the building will listen to that this morning,
because I was the answer to their trivia game this morning.
And not even any good shots.
I mean, if you're going to take some good shots, take some good ones.
You know, talk about that fat slob or whatever.
But do it with taste, with clas, with panache, as Taffy would say.
Boy, is she going to be throwing around those French words when she comes back from that trip, isn't she?
It's going to be great.
They're sending me on a trip to this summer with some of the audience.
They're sending us to Fire Island. It ought to be really good.
But anyway, getting back to that whole business about what people can say and what they can't say, radio is radio.
And the programmers and the management people,
and this gets back to our last call yesterday.
And I didn't forget. I'm sure he's out there assuming that I forgot him.
And the caller asked me, and we were running out of time,
what is it that management wants?
What do they want you to do?
What do they want anybody on here to do?
And I don't think they know. I think they want you to get big ratings in this business.
They know a question about that.
And they want all the perfect demographics.
They want every listener to be a perfect model of what the agencies think is the, you know, the perfect buyer,
who's going to buy every product that you advertise.
But they want you to do it their way.
And of course, the irony is that their way never works.
So that's where the conflict comes in.
Now, the one thing I'll say, I'll give credit to people like the management of K-Rock in New York,
is the fact that they've taken this guy who's been fired at, I don't know how many places,
not only WNBC, but he's been fired in Washington and all over the place.
And they put him on here and they said, hey, go do your thing and we'll support you.
And that's it. And the guy has done incredible, as they said, bringing in tens of millions of dollars in advertising.
That station's got to be worth what, hundreds of millions at this point.
So it's really incredible what one person can do if he's given the opportunity to do it.
He's going to have been muscled and have a leash put on him.
Then he's not going to do very much.
Howard Stern would obviously not be an effective broadcaster if he were under a lot of stress and under a lot of limitations.
Yeah, they said from a 20 second, I think, to third in the market in nine months.
In the number one market in the country, I mean, you're talking about, in morning drive,
millions and millions of dollars that that man has brought into that radio station.
Okay, let's do a little break because I have a feeling I'm going to get on a roll here on all this in just a minute.
And we might even place them for stern tapes before the show is out.
Now we're not going to do that, but let's just keep pretending.
Let's put a rumor that we're going to play Howard Stern pirate Howard Stern tapes that we got that we're going to play on the air.
Some of the really raunchy stuff, you know, the run DMC interview.
That'll probably get Glenn Hills in Tampa.
That's good because I think Bill Calder lost his tape.
So if you don't hear Calder again in the near future, it's probably Glenn is going to go out and get a hitman.
Because boy, he really cherishes those Howard Stern tapes.
He just to salivates, foams it them out when he listens to him.
And of course, if you heard him, you'd understand why you can now provide.
I'm getting excited about that.
When there's a movie with him on, I turn it off immediately.
Immediately, there's just something about that child. There's nothing there, you know.
And as I said, literally, we have done investigative reporting.
There's just a little hole.
But other than that, there's absolutely nothing there.
So don't get excited about it.
Anyway, we also want to say a tip of the W.I.N.Z. had to Mike Miller.
And we just understand we just got it through the grapevine that Mike Miller was the instigator of the Herman and McQueen thing,
the trivia thing that they did about me this morning, because Mike doesn't have enough guts enough creativity to do it on his own show.
So he's looking to find a hatchet fable to attack Neil because Neil said all these nasty but true things about Mike on the air.
I mean, Miller is so embarrassing that it's just incredible. I turned it on for like two minutes yesterday.
And he was spewing more misinformation. I don't even remember what it was, but it was just so embarrassing.
I had to shut it off immediately.
And Mike, I know that you're listening. I know that you're hanging on every word.
If you've got any balls at all, why don't you do it? Why don't you get on the air and do a whole show and attack me on the air?
I'm willing to give you that shot. Look at all the publicity I could give you.
And if anybody knows, if anybody needs it, have a nose.
But it's Mike Miller.
Anybody sign those petitions yet?
I got about four postcards here, Mike.
Mike would come on his hands and knees over here right now to get those postcards. You know that, don't you?
Also, if there's anybody in the audience who knows where the IRS office is in West Broward so that I don't have to go all the way down to Kendall today.
You know, there's an office that nobody knows about. It's me and 10 other people down there on Census Drive in Kendall.
And every year I go down there and it's like almost nobody in there. And they have every one of those forms. It's great.
It doesn't even have a sign on it. It could be KGB.
And by the way, speaking to KGB, doesn't America feel good today knowing that after all these years we finally screwed the KGB?
We ought to have some kind of great sense of satisfaction about that.
And anyway, probably the Marines do.
Anyway, what the hell were we talking about? I got sidetracked on Mike Miller.
And also if anybody heard the permanent McQueen trivia this morning and can tell us what the questions were, that might be a kind of revealing too once we get into the show here.
So Mark Hume can tear his hair out because I saw it and I taped it and I watched it over and over again. I took notes everything.
Although that young lady in Providence, Rhode Island, wouldn't you be embarrassed to admit that you took and you studied tapes of Howard Stern and you listened to them over and over and over again and you went to acting school or whatever the hell she did.
I mean, talk about contrived comedy class. Yeah.
And then CBS, that was really embarrassing. CBS is being so gutsy, you know, to show us this piece and to really lay this out in front of all America.
And then they bleep half of the stuff that she said. She said that DJ didn't stand for this jockey. She said it stood for dick jokes and they bleeped it out. I couldn't believe that.
What kind of class is that? No guts at all because any chance you get to really rip management is something that you never let go by the board because invariably it's always accurate.
1031 at W.I.N.Z. and a Tuesday morning we're going to take a little time out again here. We'll come right back. They will not talk about you anymore.
Who cares? You mean he called here? Where did we get that message from?
Boy, that's incredible. Oh, from that. Oh, brother, I'm going to tell you. Just incredible. Unbelievable folks. Let's use all of those words over and over again. They're not going to talk about me anymore. That's a shame.
Well, maybe Mike Miller will do it. Mike doesn't have the balls to do it though. He just really doesn't. He poked at it a little bit the other day.
But he just doesn't have the real courage to come on the air and defend himself because he has no defense. He knows it's all true.
Okay, we've got a couple of lines open in Dade County 624-0191.
We're going to get on the Larry King at exactly 144 a.m. or someone came on and it was you. That was you. I guess a recording again.
Oh, did that. It's been done before. I know. I know I can't remember how it went, but it was something like Larry King. He's so ugly.
I got a big kick out of what I heard because I heard it one time direct on your program. Great.
But it was 144 a.m. then I think it took a two o'clock a couple of minutes after two. They came out with another segment and they did say please don't fall in because it's a re-broadcast.
So maybe that other one was a re-broadcast. I don't know.
No, the other comments were made after the first one. So we've got evidently fruit cake is calling it on Larry King show now and replaying comments that I made on the year.
Which is good because that'll spice Larry show up a little bit. I'm sure Larry King was. Yeah.
All right. Thank you. Okay. Well, we're making it everywhere. Aren't we? Eat your heart out, Larry. Larry's only making what?
6,700,000 a year. He's still ugly. 23 before 11 at W.I. and Z. We still have two open lines in Dade County. We're a nobody.
I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time
I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time. I ran out of time This paper box on the window. I ran out of time. The paper box also. started all short of故. in paper box for example batman? And Mitarman.
Yeah, well everything works for a while.
Ten seconds out of her show.
You don't know if she's funny because she's sent
their photographer here yesterday.
And if you could have seen the contrived stuff
that they had me doing in front of this building on the lawn,
they brought in these elderly actors and actresses
and they had them throwing stale lettuce and tomatoes
and rolls and sweeten low add me.
Then they had me lie on the ground out there covered
with rolls and sweeten low.
And they put you through such a...
Everything is so contrived that it's unbelievable.
Even if that contrived stuff is the topic one time.
Yeah, that was running through my mind again yesterday.
You know, like doing the same thing again.
Yeah.
One thing I did like about the show last night was
Howard Stern's new hair.
Looks pretty good.
He's got a new hair?
Yeah.
That's a wig he's wearing.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Can't believe it.
Boy, he...
His ugly as he is with the hair.
I hate to think what he looked like without the hair.
But I found a couple years ago.
Well, he's there for two minutes and I'm sitting at a table
right near where the restaurant...
Where the kitchen is.
And there's a lady standing there who's obviously
some kind of an advertising person.
She's trying to sell something.
And she's got her charts and all of the stuff she's slipping.
And she's talking to one of the managers.
And she says, oh, you guys used to advertise on the O'Rodgers.
And the guy says, yes.
Now, she doesn't know I'm sitting there.
I'm sitting like five feet behind her at a little table.
And she's going on and she's tinkling out.
I thought I was going to drown.
I thought I was going to float away.
And going on about how great he is.
And how exciting and interesting and off the wall
and all the stuff that he plays.
And she's talking about the protect condoms spot
with freeway and spigot on and on.
And she's going and she leaves.
So being curious, I asked the guy who she was.
And he said that she's from Windixie.
She goes out and sells these coupons.
This counts that they have for different establishments or whatever.
And I was just astonished because it just happened.
I mean, it was just a one and a million kind of a situation.
1050 at W.I. and Zinn with us.
Well, when Bill Calder had Linda Thornton
who writes a radio column in the Harold,
he had a runner on his show about five, six days ago.
And the first call for Linda Thornton was from Skip,
whatever his name is.
Yeah, the guy.
Huh?
The guy Skip?
Yeah.
And he was just tinkling all over Linda.
And it's so wonderful to work for Cox Broadcasting.
And there's such a great company all this other.
And people don't want to hear that.
People are not interested when you have a radio or TV critic on.
You want to hear what the public has to say.
You don't want to hear all these pseudo personnel,
especially on your own station.
I mean, it was such a tacky thing, you know,
because I OD and GT are the same company.
It's Cox Broadcasting.
So I came on here and I took a shot at him.
So this morning, I was the subject of their trivia contest.
I was the answer to the riddle and people were supposed to call in with questions, you know, with little shots.
And from what I, from what everybody tells me, it was pretty weak.
Yeah, well good, because I don't listen to it anyway.
So I guess I didn't miss much, huh?
Basically, a tinkle in the rip show.
You know, everyone called a tinkle on here and rip on you.
And it came also down to, you know,
they were talking about the ratings and the old stand by said, well, they don't mean anything.
And he said the way he looks at it is that even though you got a 6-2 share,
he looks at it that 95.8% of people don't listen to you.
That's real, that's real creative, Mike.
Real good.
That means that probably 99% of the people don't listen to him.
Yeah, and it was just, you know, he had all the old, all the old relics calling.
And they say, I can't believe, you know, that the whole bit.
And half of them were saying all those words, you know, douchebag and everything.
I can't believe he said that.
And the other half wouldn't even say it.
So it was entertaining for about the first 20 minutes and then I just couldn't get anymore.
Mike Thompson?
Yeah.
I hear this guy who's supposed to be in the advertising business, right?
That's what he does for an honest living supposedly during the week.
And he's talking about radio ratings and those terms.
And I see he knows better.
I mean, he can't even justify that because he knows better.
Yeah, they were calling saying he was the only honorable talker.
He's not show left on the air.
Yeah, he's the only fascist left on the air.
That's I think the way they should put it.
Probably.
Which someone else would have listened to a whole show maybe they have some other comments.
And that's because fascism is dying out, thank goodness, in America.
Now that Reagan's term is finally nearing an end, fascism is dwindling.
And people like Mike Thompson and the John Browards of the world, you know,
are fading back into oblivion where they belong.
One thing I like about Mike Thompson though is the clarity when you listen to his W snooze when he's on.
Welcome from Federal Group.
He sounds like he's sitting on a chair.
Of course he is sitting on a chair with seven phone books because he's about two feet tall.
But he always sounds like he's got like 40 yards of asbestos between him and the mic or something.
It's just incredible.
I know that.
I guess he doesn't want to get polluted from some of the other people using those microphones during the week over there.
You know, he's kind of nervous if you know what I mean.
Yeah.
Kind of a nervous Nelly.
Yeah, well, thanks a lot.
I better get a good go.
Okay, well, I don't want you to lose your job.
Okay.
Well, that would be something when you're on the daytime and all these people sneak while they're working
while the boss is looking at a call and we try to put those people on immediately.
We put them over.
These people want preferential orders like the woman yesterday.
The guy told us about in the supermarket at the Deli counter where they have all the plastic numbers.
And she reaches, she looks up to see which number is next.
She reaches into her purse.
She pulls out about 20 numbers.
Unbelievable.
Subhuman.
Speaking of subhuman, we have two lines.
The eristic thing we're doing.
This is for fun.
And you see, that's the wrong word.
Do you remember when I first went to work at WNWS?
I was in the US, subring broadcasting.
It just bought that station and they put it off the air for a month and they changed the call letters.
And they took the fun out of South Florida when they eliminated WFU and they,
how would anybody in his right mind take those call?
But I have gained back 18 pounds of the weight that I had lost and I'm ballooning.
And I can't afford to do it, but I can't stop eating.
I'm just constantly hungry and sensibly from the time I get up in the morning,
even times that I used to be not hungry.
Are you doing any more baseball games?
What do you mean again?
How many times have I hung up on you?
Come on, how many?
Rough estimate. How many?
Twice.
Twice?
No, maybe like 50.
Yeah.
I wonder what would have happened if the FCC would allow us to say all the words we wanted to say, etc.
etc.
Did anybody hear that?
Because he's off the air now and followers probably take another sex survey.
Is there anybody who can verify that?
Here's another rumor.
Fruitcake swears that he hears a radio in the studio.
Oh, you mean in the control room over there while I'm on the air?
They're listening to this show and stealing the material as we're on the air!
We have reached new lows of desperation in the South Florida market.
See, I was going to suggest that we ought to tape the show every day and send him over a cassette and save him the trouble.
That way his roommate wouldn't have to tape it for him.
They're listening to it as we're on the air now, stealing material.
Wait a minute, do we have a verification of this one of the WINZ spies?
Is on the phone. Hello?
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
It's early at 10 this morning and the slightest is early this afternoon.
Peace, referring to the FCC and actually going as far as talking about the other program and talking about how,
well, what will you do next if the FCC does allow you to continue, well, this way going towards more freedom of speech towards the four letter words.
And what step will you take after that becomes burned out?
So he's basically started with a poll this morning at kind of clock.
Oh, no.
Yeah, sure he did.
Oh, no.
Really?
Oh, he wants to hear from the audience if they thought we should continue in the industry going towards more freedom of speech.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
What do you mean we?
He hasn't done a damn thing until you know, I started doing things a couple of months ago.
He doesn't do anything.
He was totally on the FCC this morning and then I tuned him out as he came on around 10.
That's why.
Oh, yeah.
I just wanted to let you know that I could verify that I know you know my voice right now.
I can't believe it because at the end of the show yesterday I mentioned or sometimes during the last hour.
That must have been what stimulated it.
I mentioned that one day this week.
Okay.
Okay, later.
Thank you.
Okay.
That's it.
That's the end.
This calls for heavy duty action, ladies and gentlemen.
This calls for a major response.
You might even have the management on later.
I don't mean the little cheese.
I mean the head cheese.
It's the WSNEWS poster child.
I can't believe it.
I just can't.
I mean that will awaken me from a deep sleep.
Trust me.
136 at WINZ is there nothing sacred in this business anymore.
Let's take our middle break here.
Hello.
Hello, friend.
Oh, come on, Neil.
What's up?
That sounded a little bit disgusting.
What is it?
Wait a minute.
Is this Bernard Meltzer?
No, this is Doc Master, Barnyard Mulcher.
Okay.
Yeah, something like that.
Hey, I've talked to that.
Actually, you may have done something constructive, Neil.
What did they do?
They're going out of business?
Well, I think it leaves Barnyard's in trouble.
They have a guy on now by the name of Neil Myers.
Yeah, he's good.
I was going to say, it's not like slimy rupture, whatever her name is,
or Lucy Omjama, she actually says something when he talks to somebody he sounds interested.
By the way, he's got a great radio voice.
Yeah, he's good.
He's full of it, but he's got Barnyard's in trouble,
maybe he'll take the weekend, fly away from him.
No, I don't think that'll ever happen.
By the way, what is he, a doctor of...
Who's that?
Meltzer.
Doctor of boredom.
He's got a PhD in boredom.
Or a sleepology, one of the best.
Exactly.
He's a...
Maybe he's a hypnotist.
He has a master's in cryptology.
Okay.
You were talking yesterday and then for a couple minutes today about drivers.
Bad enough that people try.
Your ways.
Now Alice is like in a appendage.
It's like a blood sucker that's a...
Or some kind of sucker that's attached itself to my being.
And I can't extricate it.
You know, it's like, well, when we do this and when we do that,
and when we in the industry go here, you know,
we don't do anything, Alice.
Trust me.
How about taping this out?
I'm a jealous man.
She found us six inches long.
I'm a little bit more than I thought.
I'm a little bit more than I thought.
I'm a little bit more than I thought.
I'm a little bit more than I thought.
I'm a little bit more than I thought.
I'm a little bit more than I thought.
I'm a little bit more than I thought.
I'm a little bit more than I thought.
I'm a little bit more than I thought.
I'm a little bit more than I thought.
I'm a little bit more than I thought.
I'm a little bit more than I thought.
Hello.
This is Michael Jackson.
Urgent you to help stop the spread of social disease.
Don't risk your life by having a romantic encounter
with an unfamiliar acquaintance.
I urge you to do like I do.
Go it alone.
But make sure you wear protection.
That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson glove.
Worn on either hand, the Michael Jackson glove adds the security
in a piece of mind that I need to do it myself.
So remember, before you pull it out, put it on and...
Well, Michael Jackson glove.
Proving once again that a bird in the hand is better than one in the bush.
A vetted and sequined model for extra stimulation.
Okay, now listen, this is what's going to happen tomorrow.
And I just mentioned this in case there's anybody in a market listening
who might want to think of some of these ideas for their show of our morning.
We're going to be talking with Joe Johnson.
We're going to have Lucy Cooper on here.
He's going to be doing recipes.
Then we're going to be doing a couple of hours on urine.
After that, we're going to have that famous science writer from Omni Magazine,
Ben Dova.
And what else?
I guess that's a pretty good start.
Huh? That should give him some material.
And then we're going to be taking the Bob Lasseter positive negative pull.
What else?
Well, that's like a half a dozen there already.
We've only just begun.
We're going to be giving the...
One of your old places of employment, you might find it.
Can I tell you one story about how this business is a real...
