It's 10.07 at W I and Z. We hope you're going to have a wonderful weekend. It's great to be alive in South Florida.
And we have a lot of apologies to wish you today. In fact, that's going to be the theme of our show is I wish I had the record by Brenda Lee. I'm sorry.
We looked for that a few weeks ago, but we couldn't find it. We couldn't dig Brenda up.
But that probably would really fit in very well because I have a lot of apologies. Might take the whole four hours today.
Just to apologize adequately because while a bottom line is, you know, I'm really a bad guy. That's what it's all about.
And I think I owe a deep apology, a series of apologies to a lot of people.
But before we get to that, Senior Valdez is again, as always, taking everything and twisting it, you know, he's put upon now and he's a wounded hero.
And his families endanger, etc. and so on. And we've been very, very clear on the show the last three days in urging people when they called the Metro commissioners and their offices not to be hysterical and not to be rude, but just to, you know, voice your objection to this ridiculous, unneeded referendum that Mr. Valdez and the commissioners want to have.
And let them know that we don't want to sit by idly and watch this community be turned into a laughing stock again.
And I thank Justin Gillis, the Harold staff writer who wrote the article that appears in this morning's Harold because he actually talked to me and B, he actually quoted me correctly, which is very unusual in this market.
For example, Channel 4 yesterday, and I understand they're coming back out here again today and they ought to because they ought to be ashamed of what they did to me yesterday.
The irony of the whole thing is that all three of the local affiliates did come out here yesterday and we did get some coverage on this story.
But the irony is, and I have to be fair, Channel 10, which didn't even come out here, did the best job.
They used some old file footage of me and, you know, it said last November over my ugly face and that was the bottom line, but they did the best balance story.
And Channel 4 really did a disservice because they picked up something I said in mid sentence and took it out of context.
And I was saying they keep doing this to us over and over again. And I was talking about the politicians, but I'm sure that a lot of people got the impression that I was talking about Hispanics or Cubans or whatever it might have been.
And that's not what I was saying in that sentence, but they took it out of context very poorly.
And Channel 4, I am shocked and amazed and disappointed. Channel 7, of course, they did it on that live at 5 routine and that, of course, is always embarrassing at best, but at least they try to get the stories straight.
I didn't see the coverage on Channel 2. I don't know what they put on because I have no idea when they even run that.
Did they have a local newscast on Channel 9? So when would they run that? I don't know. They were out here.
Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts at public television ladies and gentlemen?
But nonetheless, it's a great weekend to be alive in South Florida. And I apologize.
Not for anything specific, but just in general. I mean, if there's something you're upset about, I'm sorry. It's my fault.
It rains in the middle of your picnic this afternoon. In the middle of your Bobby Q, if it should rain, I'm sorry because it's my fault.
I guess I must have been born under the wrong sign.
As a matter of fact, I think the sign I was born under was a deli. But anyway, as far as Mr. Valdez is concerned, one of the things that I found shocking because I had forgotten how stupid this man is.
In watching the peace on Channel 10 last night where he attempted to speak a few words in English, Mr. Valdez reminds us that he doesn't even understand what the anti-bilingual ordinance is.
And in an interview with our own Jim Loney of Wednesday news two days ago, Mr. Valdez says that he is going to continue with this, come hell or high water.
The article in the Harold for those of us who don't ordinarily read it, but it does happen to be here free in the building and the price is right.
But the article says that the other commissioners are and also a group of Spanish leaders, Cuban leaders in town are going to try to persuade Mr. Valdez gently to drop all of this and to try to get out of it.
All except, of course, Jim Redford, who's a real lung head, Mr. Redford, you ought to be ashamed of yourself.
It says if Valdez rejects Hispanic leaders pleased to back off at least some commissioners will feel obliged to honor the earlier compromise and send the bilingual issue to a public vote.
You just can't double cross people that way. Redford said hell, Valdez came out and made his compromise. That was hard for him to do. Are we now supposed to blow him out of the water?
The compromise, of course, being that instead of just having the commission repeal the anti-bilingual ordinance, they put it to a referendum. Some compromise.
In other words, because Mr. Valdez is personally insulted by the anti-bilingual ordinance that his feelings are being hurt to quote him, therefore somehow the rest of the commission is obligated to do something.
And with thinking like that, Mr. Redford, we ought to go a long way in Dave County.
A long way toward reinforcing that image of a juvenile delinquent, which is quoted in Justin Gillis article in the Herald today.
The New York Times piece citing Miami's reputation as a juvenile delinquent, many political leaders said Friday the town had proved the point.
I mean, we didn't waste any time.
It was only two days between last Sunday and Tuesday, and here we were trying to prove to the world that the New York Times was right.
And Mr. Valdez, I know it's very difficult to confuse you with the truth, to get you to understand that nobody is slurring anybody in that the anti-bilingual ordinance is just sitting there causing no harm.
All of the debate, all of the compromise, all of anything that's needed to be done with that are over finished adios, a revivadearch.
And I'm not going to keep talking about this after today. I'm not going to discuss it at all.
I will give the numbers out again on Monday and any other days that it's necessary for people to want to continue making the calls.
But I'm not going to continue discussing it every day because first of all, it's depressing.
Second of all, it raises my blood pressure and gets me really irate. And I'm not going to go back to doing that kind of show again.
Because I'm not going to be the savior of the community. It's just not possible. I've been trying that for 11 years and it doesn't work.
And my life is going to go on one way or the other. You know, I'm still going to be a bad guy and I'm still going to have to come in here every day and apologize to everybody.
I do want to thank by the way. I do want to do this publicly. Since Tuesday, while I guess Tuesday was kind of a banner day, we had this thing by the Metro Commission and also the spring ratings came out on Tuesday.
And since that day, most of the people in this building have gone out of their way to come to me and congratulate me on the incredible ratings, which by the way, I have the hour by hour numbers here and we will go into those in depth on this show in depth at length.
We will salivate. We will savor them because certainly in some quarters, they aren't doing that.
And those of us who are a part of this show, which includes not only me and Kyle and the Tweety Bird, but the audience as well, we're going to savor this.
But I started to say a lot of people in the building went out of their way to come to me and say some nice thing that I appreciate that and I also commend them on the great numbers that they got with the news and beating the competition.
In fact, the only areas that we were weak in this rating book were after I went off the year until talk net came on. Of course, the six o'clock hours never a highly rated news hour. So that's kind of a mood point.
But the two to five or two to six or the lowest rated hours on this radio station and that's all changed. Now that Mr. Frog is here on the WINZ.
And I got news for you and I convey this with the utmost sincerity.
There are days when I get hysterical because Mr. Frog is doing Miami Vice again and Don Johnson and other things that I find tedious and terminal and repetitious.
But Mr. Frog at his worst is 80,000 times better than what he replaced and at his best is 10 million times better.
And the proof is in the pudding. It's right here the tangible proof that over half the audience of this radio station at 2 p.m. was turning that dial.
And I don't want to mention Daffy's name, although it is interesting after these many weeks that Daffy is not back on the year someplace else.
And if you want to make a lot of money, you can wage your anybody and everybody you know that she will not be back on the year anyplace else because she's not a broadcaster.
And I hold no ill. I harbor absolutely no personal negative feelings toward Daffy. But in terms of being a broadcaster, she never was. She is not and never will be.
And her program was repetitious monotonous, boring, terminal. And not only did over half of the audience tune it out at 2 o'clock, but those people under the age of 100 on mass said audio.
And I have a question for you guys. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll
read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I
I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes
I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes. I'll read the notes
Let's start making a list of all is there enough ink in the whole world for me to make a list is there enough paper in the whole world for me to make a list of all the people to whom I need to apologize on this show today. Certainly, George and his whole family, Mr. Valdez. I must apologize because even though I told people no violence, no threats, no hysteria, but Mr. Valdez is quoted here as saying. Please.
Please, Neil, debate the issue. Differentiate between me and the issue for the safety of my family and the sake of our community. Mr. Valdez, you have made yourself the issue because you're the only one we can find who really wants to rehash this disgusting issue again. So you have made yourself the issue. But in spite of that, Kyle, at this moment, as I speak, is making a long list on my screen here of all those people to whom I must apologize. This probably will be
a good example of what I want to say. I want you to call up Senator Innoway right now. He's got the weekend off. I want you to call the Senator immediately and also Lee Hamilton or Alexander Hamilton, whoever you like, and get them in here because there's no question we need a little inquisition on this program today.
Okay, let's take our first break. And when we come back, then you can continue with that long list. Yes. Oh, boy, if you do what I was laughing about, that's that's only the half of it. What you just heard. Anyway, we're going to have some fun here today. And I'm just going to come in here every day and have a good time like I have been the last seven months in the screw all these other people. You know what I'm saying? If they want to be real super sensitive and they want to start acting like little children, that's going to be their problem. But I'm going to keep having a good time.
And wait a minute. Oh, we've got a long list of people here. So if you're thinking about calling, you might have to kind of hold it off. So to speak because we have a long list of people to whom we have to apologize, apologize today. I mean just about everybody.
I think we ought to start with our corporate chief engineer, don't you? I could do the whole show on him easy. And then I'd really have to apologize when I finish saying everything that I would like to say.
I think there ought to be a law that that man is not permitted to come into this building. And certainly not to touch any of our equipment. Don't you? I mean, the one thing I will say and I know this is a miracle because I just got through telling you about the nice and we do have a lot of nice people working this building.
In fact, most of them even listen to this show during the week now around the building, which is an incredible miracle because up until a few months ago, the people who worked here didn't even know where to find the YNZ on the dial. Much less listen to it.
But they are listening and there seems to be a lot of people having a good time during these hours and even during two to six when boring Stan is on. But getting back to our engineers, the amazing part of it is because I've never been known.
For saying all these great things about engineers because once upon a time when I first came here, we had an engineering staff that had a degree of incompetence, sell them seen in the history of radio broad chasing. I mean, it was just frightening.
And since then, some miracle has taken place and we have evolved into a situation where engineers are great and they're cooperative and they've actually even in some cases become a part of the program.
We have our cart carousels in here now and we have this a queuing machine. I can't believe the miracles that have happened. Not grant you, not not gigantic spectacular things, but little things.
And as Brenda Lee would say to bring her up again, little things mean a lot. And if anybody knows that, I certainly do.
Real little things sometimes mean a lot.
So we love our engineering staff and that is of course those who are specifically on the payroll of W I and Z, A M and Z to F M.
That does not include of course our corporate chief engineer, whoever now and then comes running around the building causing chaos wherever he is seen.
Now I think that perhaps he ought to consider moving to Portland, Maine would be an excellent move. They have scenic falls up there. The spring is not grant you the winners not too much to get excited about.
But the fall is magnificent. Those falling leaves man in the autumn. Those autumn leaves. Even Roger Williams has never seen a site quite like those autumn leaves. I'm almost tempted to start playing that record. Chris, I don't have it. But if I did, I'd be really tempted to start playing that music.
And what is this about his new BMW? All bought by this company is that what you're trying to say. Well more power to him because you know we're a low budget operation.
But we like to reward incompetence.
We do not necessarily like to reward competence. Although I will say this and here comes my next apology. My retraction. I'm going to swallow my pride.
I'm going to swallow it right on the ear now because I have in my hand found this in my mailbox and I don't want to get ready to get upset. This is just a radio show. See I've discovered for whatever reason and probably the reason is because the corporate hauncho was in town the last few days and he gets everybody here very upset.
He's just not what you call a really pleasant friendly guy. Like the station has got a 6.3 share in a rating. It's the highest rating this station has had in many many years. Certainly in the modern era of radio in this market. We are number two overall. The only station that beat us is like an elevator music station life, which isn't really even a radio station. Just like a background music service. So we're like at the top of the heap.
But this man unfortunately came in and kind of put everybody into a negative frame of mind because that's just his disposition. He's just kind of a surly negative guy because he's been sitting in Portland made all those years watching the leaves turn. And when you watch the leaves turn, you know, after a while the beginning it's beautiful. But after about the 20th year it gets real old.
And your brain begins to turn just like the leaves, you know how the leaves start to get like brownish red and then they get kind of rotten and they fall off.
So a funky buyer is listening perhaps a quick trip to Portland might be in order or at least just a phone call and give them the telephone number of your lobotomist.
Would that be the right word a lobotomist? I don't know if they're such a word but it sounds good to me. You know a guy that they can call on quickly when they need one fast like Bill Casey something like that.
But in my mailbox this morning I have a brochure from our general manager Gary Lawrence and I do owe an apology to Gary.
I don't know for what but I do owe an apology. No, I just went off the deep end yesterday. I went off the deep end but it really had nothing to do with him that had to do with our program director who has become.
Well I don't know I don't see because then I'll have to apologize to him after I say this but I'll say it anyway you know how like Tony Perkins plays all those rules.
In fact Mark is beginning to look a little bit like Tony Perkins if you notice that and he's under a lot of pressure and a lot of derest and he was doing okay until I came back from vacation and said all those terrible things about having you know the station carried the hearings and all the north and all of that stuff.
And that kind of said him on edge a little bit and then of course when our corporate hauncho came in this week that pushed him over the deep end pushed him off the edge.
But I have my American Express Hawaii vacations brochure and I said yesterday that our management could take this 10 day vacation in Hawaii and stick it where the moon don't shine and that was a terrible thing to say and I'm sorry.
Because I want the vacation and so now we are going to figuratively speaking reach where the moon don't shine and pull the vacation back out.
Now what are you now come on what's wrong with that we have to pull it back out in fact here it is we are extricating the brochure back out from where the moon don't shine and thanking Gary from the bottom of our hearts.
I'm serious that was that was a tacky thing to do and I apologize sorry never do it again.
I will also never do Saturday again but that's another story you see when I say things like that they just laugh at me then they get a good sense of humor.
I say other things they don't have a sense of humor but when I say something like this is my last Saturday they laugh.
Why is he funny huh.
Boy if I get a long list here I'm telling you stand may have to stay home today I could go down this whole there are there talk stations in Hawaii I think they got one now.
The only problem is you have to make about 500,000 a month in order to live out there the cost maybe I could just kind of hang out over there with Jack Lord on diamond head.
When they stand the Jack has a lot of spare help just kind of hanging around the pad over there and diamond head.
Cook them Dan oh.
But we don't want to get into a thing about Hawaii 50 because it happens to be one of my favorite shows of all time I know that gets a lot of people hysterical how could you watch that horrible show.
Well maybe I'm only fascinated by the fact that they shoot Jack Lauren through the same linoleum that they shoot that character on not slanting I can never think of her name well I don't know why her name keep slipping away from me the one who was in the play musty for me.
It's on the tip donna mills that's it.
Donna mills they shoot her through a brick wall.
And let's face it if you're going to be shot you know your best chance is be shot through maybe a steel wall but a brick wall is second best and they did the same with Jack Lord if you watch any of those old episodes of Hawaii 50 you'll notice that everybody else their faces crystal clear even chin ho who may he rest in peace look just like senator in a way.
But not Jack Lord Jack is always like in this cloud you know always shot from 500 yards away in real fuzzy that's because Jack is about a hundred years old.
Okay 27 before 11 at w and z this is apology day here at wins I think we need to take another break okay now there's somebody else we all owe an apology to may she rest in peace in that big doggy heaven the sky lady.
Now those of you who've been listening to w and z for a long time all remember lady and those wonderful johns through the atrium would Jane lind our former executive secretary at wins.
Every day at 12 30 after lunch it used to be play time.
And those were the sounds that Jane was making.
But that's another story for another day I'm going to write a book about this radio station I really am I mean I've worked at three stations in the market and certainly K T was a bizarre place to work and W snooze was I can't even begin to tell you because I was there from day one for six years of living hell that was a real interesting place.
But here at wins man it's just there are little nuances and all sorts of things that go on at the for example as I said ratings came out on Tuesday this station is kicking as as they say on those FM stations I know now I only said as okay I didn't say the other half of the word.
Whole I didn't say that but anyway we're really doing it and every well not everybody but most of the people in the building and I'm making this up I'm not saying this because I want to be well I am an astie guy but most of the people here are like psychotic and I came in this morning and I'm really I'm just I don't know I'm like in limbo I don't know whether to scream or eat a banana and I discovered that I'm not the only one that for unrelated reasons we have people in our newsroom for example who are just.
I mean bananas just amps oh yes we also want apology to well yet lady in our newsroom which will be doing much later on in the show.
In fact we may run out of time before we get to that apology but I do have it on the list Kyle just reminded me.
Well what is that we want apology to Donna Mills we're going to leave her name on that we probably do because the inference is that Donna Mills is you know kind of a wrinkled old bag now and that's why they need that heavy filter on there when they shoot her on not landing that's the inference that's the
obvious implication it's clear as can be and Donna we apologize.
Lady of course unfortunately was shipped off the Tallahassee which is a shame because she was next in line for several key executive positions here at
Winds and who knows what office she might be sitting in right now if she hadn't made that in temperate move to Tallahassee right.
She could be the head hauncher right now she could be sitting in Portland Maine in that executive chair which might be a big improvement right but we don't want to get those people upset because after all.
They're the ones who dole out this heavy bread.
Okay 21 before 11 at W. I. Z. Let's see I wanted to do something when we came back and I missed it so let's catch up with that if there are people in the audience you know who really think that they're going to call
into day and say something meaningful you better forget it because boy we're just I'm just going to have a good time today because I went home last night and I tied myself to the wall and I just you know impaled myself on several sharp objects and I said well.
It's time to time to punish myself for having been such an evil and bad and nasty guy and for all of these terrible outrageous things I've done to so many of these wonderful people who after all never still afraid train.
Maybe a cabooster to but never the whole train.
Dad what are you doing in the ball from the producers of the children comes another slice of real life.
I'm not a real life.
I'm not a real life.
I'm not a real life.
I'm not a real life.
I caught somewhere between childhood and adulthood and the only thing that certain is get a pair all.
It was the creamers tell your daughter I'm ready to take it to slumber party but I thought that was just for girls.
Yes, you're I show you something just for girls.
When they go through Q&A you go through hell.
The teenager for sure.
Now destroying a living room near you.
Terrible we apologize for that 1041.
Hey listen we're going to be apologetic.
Now let's get to these numbers okay.
And yes I will confess that after this particular rating book we've done a lot more.
I didn't look in the radio TV page all I looked in was the yokeal news section of the hero.
Wait a minute hold on.
Did you see it?
Now all right before we get started now let me just take a peek because you never know Linda Thornton may have redeemed herself.
Oh yeah Mike the dog.
That's the big story on the radio page in the herald today Mike the dog.
And some little stupid thing about Miami vice on the opening the season opener of Miami vice.
I'm really excited about that stand open your herald 3b.
I tunted my new vice last night for about 30 seconds to see if I could watch it.
And it was Don Johnson doing something with a telephone and something obscene with the telephone and I was it.
And at that point I tuned it back out and went back to the Braves game which was really depressing bar.
They playing good ball or what those braves huh?
Boy they are really the Chuck Tanner influences really sinking in again.
He is so bad so bad he's almost as bad as the guy who manages layland Jim layland.
See I remembered the name today the manager of the pirates who chain smokes the cigarettes in the dugout.
There are only a hundred games out of first place no problem.
But don't blame layland the reason he's chain smoking is because he's inheriting everything that Tanner left a couple years ago.
All the mong. Oh yeah speaking of mong.
I have to apologize again because I did call somebody in this building.
I want to mention our program director's name.
I called somebody a mong brain on the year of the other day.
I apologize I take it back.
See this is only a radio show.
There's a lot of it that's just stick.
It's just a show. It's just entertainment.
It's just to keep the people knowing that their pulse is ticking that something is going on.
But all of a sudden everybody's getting real sensitive.
You know what I mean? Real sensitive now.
Now I'm not supposed to have any feelings because I'm a miserable SOB and I'm not a human being so naturally.
You know the fact that my best friend died three weeks ago is not important because I'm just supposed to overlook those things and my life goes on.
I'm just a miserable like a rock.
Okay? So I'm sorry.
I'm really very sorry that I said those terrible and temperate things and I wounded I pierced the feelings of all of my wonderful contemporaries,
early some of them here in the building.
Well only a couple of them really you know if the truth be known.
Anyway what would you like to know about the rating book?
Would you like to know that at 10 o'clock in the morning on WINZ we have a 10.2 share of the audience.
See I would have been delighted to have these numbers at night any time and I did have numbers like this and had some that were higher at night.
But night time is a different ball game because there are about half as many available people.
So the ratings that you get at night in this business are...
they're distorted because you get much higher shares at night than you do during the daytime allegedly.
So a 10.2 share in the daytime would be like a 20 share at night more or less.
An average quarter hour of 72,500 people listening which in the 10 o'clock hour let's say yeah that's higher than any other quarter hour on any other radio station AMFMPM or BM.
Although the 11 o'clock hour on this show is even higher.
A 10.8 with average quarter hours of 80,500 and the most incredible part is that an awful lot of them.
A big chunk of them are people under the age of 100 living and breathing.
Like 18 to 34 and 25 to 54 and also it's interesting that we have a lot of people over 65.
Isn't that interesting? They didn't all go away.
The only ones who went away were the miserable old prunes and those are the ones we wanted to have go away.
But the people with a sense of humor and the people with an IQ of over three, they're still out there of all ages.
So we start with a 10.2 share at 10.8 at 11 AM at noon, a 9.0 at a 1 o'clock at 9.6.
And for anybody listening who is in this business to try to absorb those numbers, to try to absorb the significance, the meaning of those is almost more than I can cope with.
Then at 2 o'clock when Daffy was on we dropped from a 9.6 to a 4.7.
Which simple arithmetic would indicate that more than a half of the audience and two thirds of the younger demographics were all going to the radio, diving to the dial with a desperate move to say
I'll read their audio us still away go.
And I think it is kind of interesting by the way since Sonny Fox is always talking about the numbers and we do thank Sonny by the way.
I got to apologize to him also. He left him out the list.
We got to apologize because Sonny called on the year.
Was it Tuesday afternoon when I was on with Stan for a little while and he called to congratulate me.
Now I grant you he was a little sauce but nonetheless he did call to congratulate me on these incredible ratings.
But it is rather interesting that at 10 a.m. Y100 has 5600 men 18 to 34.
The Nearajar Show has 7700.
At 11 o'clock Y100 has 5700 of the same demographic. I've got 8400 on it goes. I mean they don't even come close.
18 to 34 year old males.
And Y100 the top rated FM station in the market doesn't even come close. I grant you they got a lot of teenagers but we don't want teenagers because the FCC has told us they don't want those teenagers hearing all this you know stuff whatever it is that we allegedly do.
That's so terrible and Frank and evil and grotesque and whatever.
Now we do have you know 100 or 200 teenagers here or there but that's you know that's just a statistical fluke.
That's just an accident as opposed to the 1800 or 3800 or 3500 that Y100 has.
I wonder how WGTR is doing during those same hours with those men 18 to 34.
Wouldn't that be kind of interesting to look if we can find them on the sheet. Well that's right there on the previous page.
How is that interesting?
11 a.m. they have 8900 the Nearajar Show has 8400.
At noon they have 7700 the Nearajar Show has 8400. Isn't that interesting just a little statistic.
I know these statistics mean nothing to the average person out there in the radio audience. They mean a lot to me and that's why I'm going to take 20 hours today.
We're not letting major on the air. We're taking talk now we're going to preempt it and we're going to go over all of these numbers slowly, carefully and repeat them over and over again.
I have to take some something in this some joy in sitting here and looking at the fact that over the past 10 months out of nowhere, out of the thin air,
out of a miracle I've been able to bit course we have to thank all the help we've gotten along the way.
All the promotion all the no.
Okay. I mean it's happened like spontaneous generation it would be like walking into the middle of the street in a desert town tomorrow and seeing a whole beautiful community built of living and breathing people.
And you ask yourself where did they come from and somebody said no it just spontaneously generated like garbage.
You know how it happens in garbage how you have those fruit flies. Spontaneous generation is what the term they use for that and that's where our audience came from like from garbage.
No, no that's probably not a very tactful way of putting it right. Of course not.
That was just a little shot because we do appreciate the support of all those wonderful people out there including the living and breathing ones.
But we don't want them to get a big head because certainly if I'm not supposed to get a swelled head then the audience should not get a swelled head.
And if you did get a swelled head we'd probably have to call Fred shots in here and give you all kinds of instructions of what you do when you get a swelled head.
Can we say that? No, I apologize for having said that because it could be misconstrued.
Okay, let's take our last break. We've got a lot of numbers to go over here now. So I want you to get your pencil sharpened up.
I mean, I'm just what I'm going to do is just read numbers like you know 2.6 4700.
I mean, I'm no fool. I know if they want me to come in here on Saturday, I can kill four hours off easy. You know, I'll just read all the numbers from that.
And they gave me all this stuff. I mean, even Mark put this in my box after I was in there screaming and yelling and carrying on and saying you maniac, you mung brain.
But I think he's feeling a little better today. Should we call him at home and put him on the air? No, let's not do that. He'd be upset.
It's a yeah, and then I'd have to apologize again. See, I mean, once we get one apology out of the way, let's at least leave that particular person or person alone till Monday.
Over on the make way says, the ultimate to wheel experience is here. Yes, 5000 CCs of claiming fury waiting for a man, much or enough to tame it.
It's the kamikaze XS and it'll take you from zero to 200 miles an hour in under six seconds.
Hold tight because this babe's got everything except breaks. The kamikaze accepts. It's the last motorcycle you'll ever run.
Thank the cause. He's still. I will. I know you have. And there's absolutely nothing on the air except this guy is a jerk. That lady is a whatever and so it on and on and on and on.
You know something we owe Ricky Tiki an apology. You know why we just stepped on him and of all the people in radio to step on.
He would be the worst, wouldn't he? I mean, a man who does talk up to instrumentals. The only man in the history of radio who did a talk up to Jimmy Dorsi so rare.
Ricky Tiki and we just stepped all over him. And we apologize. I mean, there's no discussion of situations or defense of social problems or anything else. It's just shock radio.
I know. Okay, six minutes before 11 at W. I. Z. Well, we're going to be asking the audience today what we got several different things that we can invite them to call about in the next hour, not now. Okay. Just wait. Just cool a little bit.
But in the next hour, one of them, of course, we want a critique of the Stan major show. We want a comparison between Stan major and Daffy McCallum.
We know that Stan can be monotonous, repetitious. Sometimes boring can overdo the Don Johnson routine. We also know that Daffy McCallum was beyond terminal.
Beyond terminal. As she was lifting all those poor minorities up by their bootstraps, she was also putting most of America into an instant coma.
She was better than Sominx.
It's one of the things. And of course, the other thing is if you feel there are people to whom this radio show owes an apology.
We want to hear about that. In fact, maybe some of you can do the apologies for us because let's face it, how humble can you be? Right? You can only do so many of them.
And you just kind of naturally run out of humility.
We're going to do all kinds of stuff today because I'm just in the mood to do it and we're going to kind of make the transition back into having a good time. I'm not going to have a nervous breakdown and I'm not going to have a stroke for the audience or for Mr. Valdez or for the management or for anybody else. Okay. I'm just not going to do it.
This week. Of course, next week is another story. We're going to stop this.
To make up for Ricky Tickey. Okay. Should we stop it?
Okay. We stopped it. Now, whether I've redeemed myself or not for stepping all over Ricky Tickey, everything the whole rest of this program is hanging right now on a press of the button.
I mean, if this is perfect, if this is as tight as, well, I don't want to say that. If this is as tight as as humanly possible, if this is what radio dish, Jackie's salivate and dream about, then I may have redeemed myself.
The moment of truth.
Maybe that's the thing. This is the thing that I'm talking about.
You're sweet, child.
I'm not your year.
Bring my baby.
Oh, my baby.
That's the thing.
Maybe that's the thing.
Oh, my baby.
Oh, my baby.
Oh, my baby.
Oh, my baby.
Oh, my baby.
Oh, my baby.
Oh, my baby.
Oh, my baby.
Oh, my baby.
Maybe that's the thing.
Oh, my baby.
Oh, my baby.
Oh, my baby.
Oh, my baby.
From Calcity, we're cool, too.
We have a little groove shaved on the sides of our heads.
It's the new thing.
The new Roger show with Neil Rogers.
Today, George Beldys talks about the Berlin experience.
Charlie Whitehead apologizes to the entire planet for dig, county,
and Rick of it finally sends a bill for all those pizzas.
And now, a guy who's still groggy from staying up all night
listening to frogs at St. House.
Neil Rogers.
Thank you, Mr. Woolf.
It's 11 awaited W.I. and Z.
We'll back for our number two on the Saturday morning.
This is the Stand Major Buildup Show.
And we want to apologize to George Beldys and his entire family.
To Tafi McCallum, Jeff Chase, Rick Shaw, the FCC, Jack Lord,
Donna Mills, Peter Boldier, Mark Hune, Paton Debbie Boone,
Gary Lauren, Dick Capon, Linda Thornton, Bob Gilbertson,
Bunky Buyer, Mike Anthony, Lee Fowler, Mike Spindell,
Greg Budelle, Don Aguini, Noodles, and Sonny Pott.
Why never thought we'd get them all in.
It's 11.09 at Wednesday.
We hope you're having a great weekend.
And we're going to give those numbers out.
The lines are flashing frantically.
And it's your show today, folks.
Do whatever the hell you want.
Okay. And don't apologize to anybody for whatever you're going to do.
In Dade County, 624-9400.
Love means never having to say,
you're sorry, isn't what that Wimp Ryan O'Neill has said in Love Story.
Love means never having to say, you're sorry.
And here at Winds, where we love each other a lot,
the a number in date of 624-9400 and in Broward-524-9400.
Everybody is so sensitive this week, man.
If you had any idea, they're just all like on the razor's edge.
They're on the edge of a nervous breakdown.
Well, you know, it's difficult to handle all this great success.
You know, it's easy to handle mediocrity.
Anybody can do that.
Anybody can deal with a one-two share.
You know what I'm saying?
I just, you know, that number just came to mind.
Anybody can deal with, well, I'm not so sure.
I don't think we could deal with a 1.2 share.
Now, I think we'd have a lot of problems.
Okay, let's go to the phone and see what the audience is up to.
North Miami, hello.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil is Japanese sea baldens on Channel 4.
Yes, but he on the news.
Yes, I did.
That was too much.
How far will Neil Rogers go?
I've received death threats on my life.
Yeah, like I'm responsible for that, right?
That's right.
Neil, I was wondering if you received that article
I sent you on WorldMine.
Yeah.
Did you?
Yeah.
Okay.
He's really all I had to say.
He's coming here with a Pope in September, you know.
They're traveling together now.
I was the same one that sent you boot in the box.
Are you all right?
Well, listen, the mail is still coming in on that
and by the time Pat and Debbie get here next month.
Every man, woman and child in South Florida
will have their very own personal copy.
So you can take a lot of credit for that.
Get it up, Neil.
Thank you.
Wait a minute.
La Bella with I'm sorry.
Hello.
Can you hear it, Neil?
Yeah.
Turn it up.
Great.
This is for all of those fakers in Radio Land.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
That I was the same.
Now I got to write this down too.
I just love you.
I just love you.
I just love you.
I just love you.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm� I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
You were just about to finish it.
You're just about to finish it.
and you're just speaking for the people.
And I want to let you know I'm 100%
Okay, I'm really sorry.
Just a radio show Miami Beach hello, you know, I don't okay
Listen, I heard you got a job at WBTA, so
The house and we're leaving today at three o'clock and great
I'll be I'll be the guy sitting outside Mateviya downs waiting for them to open waiting for post time
The TV down is an offer for a couple months yet, doesn't know, but I'm listen never can be there too early
Okay, so when you gonna leave when you're leaving up there?
As soon as I get off the air today, okay, well listen, I'll see you at mancusos
Okay, I listen and so the baker and he's the guy that made the Marlon Brando the cake and the godfather
Hey, with him. Yeah, listen now
Can you do me a favor and play the hall deal song for my wife? She never heard it before now?
Which one are you talking about the wasting away in howl and Dale wait?
She's been I've had her listen for like three weeks now and she can never catch you when you play the song
You mean the whole song wasting away in howl and Dale right because we went to we were in
Monero yesterday we had dinner in Monero steakhouse and
There just being bothered and she was annoyed by all the old people and and I told her about the song and
Tell me you could play it for are you telling me she never heard it?
Never heard it and she's been listening for like three weeks now and every time you play she's she's not around the radio
And I thought you know what you could do me that favor
Well, you know what I was doing of course you do realize I was stalling for time to try to find it you do understand it
Right yeah, I realize that guess what I found it. Okay, buddy. I appreciate it. Okay. Don't own me apology. Okay. I'm sorry
Bye-bye
And for mr. Renton dola and sonny Rosenberg who looks like a flaming fagal of the May
All those other great Americans in howl and Dale we are sorry that we're playing this record and we apologize ahead of time
And she's making the
All the old folks off of the mall
And checking
No, they never say please
Just waiting for the
species
Sw senhor
For the fall
How dare they claim there's a
Togv—hosted twenty names but they know is their own spot
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
I'm a young man.
They get over heated.
That stuff in the roses we're lovin' at best.
Wasted away again and good old habit.
Looking for that long lost power of you.
And how did it say that it's not all of the truth?
It's a day but for some.
And then I'm the blue-ish.
Your folks don't know the reason why nothing is pleasing.
But muscles ache and the teeth just don't fit.
But what doesn't matter when they call up kneeling chatter?
I hate you kneeling, never listen to your show.
Wasted away again and good old habit.
Just to fuck some atom use and a radio.
And how did it claim that it's a dark horse to play?
But kneel noose.
They can't wait for his show.
And how did it claim that it's not dark horse to play?
But kneel noose.
They just can't wait for his show.
And now a continuous kneel rodges commercial sweep.
Three commercials in a row without music or phone call interruption.
A 94 W.I.N.C.
On a new start saying these things and playing those songs that he plays with the lyrics that are in there.
It's shocking.
22 minutes past 11 at W.I.N.C.
We do have an open line in date if Ricky Tiki would like to call in on the date line 6249400.
You remember when the last reading book came out the winner book and I had the seven.
And we had all those people in the business calling in and just spaszing all over on the phone.
Remember that?
Well see now it's beyond that because now they don't take it so lightly anymore.
Now they're saying, well wait a minute this is getting too serious.
What's going to happen when the guys got a 20 share of the whole audience?
There's not going to be anything left for us.
They're getting a little surly now.
Okay?
I mean in the beginning it was great and you know congratulations don't ever do it again.
Shame on them.
Miami Beach, hello.
Well kneel.
Yes.
I happen to see you on television yesterday in the afternoon.
Well it's not wonderful sir.
Not only that but you happen to be a nice looking man and you always belittling your looks.
Why do you do that?
You're a nice looking fellow.
I apologize for doing that sir.
I'm sorry.
I thought the key here was that kneel right is I looked a couple of times there to find angles.
Yeah.
You really came across real life with your left foot.
Just like Jason Gidricks.
I'm Steve Stavewell.
Thank you.
Okay.
Have a wonderful life sir.
And you're not my type.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes.
Neil Rogers, I really appreciate what you're doing and I think it's great.
You're blasting this video deviled as and exposing him.
Well that's not wait a minute.
Let's not call him a nitty and moron would be more appropriate.
Not nitty.
Well actually asshole was really fitting.
Okay.
And in his honor being that you're in the mood to apologize to people this morning which I personally think is totally unnecessary.
But if you're in that mood, why don't you go ahead and play that song for him one more time.
What song is that?
You're an asshole tonight.
No that's not the name of the record.
Well it's the I-95 song.
Okay now you got it.
See now if you're going to ask for the song but now I think you owe me an apology.
I owe you an apology.
Okay.
I'm very very sorry.
Apology accepted and I'm sorry for asking you to apologize.
Okay?
That's quite alright.
Have a great life sir.
It's a pleasure.
Okay.
For you more than asshole or did you work in your whole life?
Either way it worked out fine because you're an asshole tonight.
Yes you're an A, S, S, S, X, O, L, E.
And don't you try to blame it on me.
You deserve all the credit.
You're an asshole tonight.
You were an asshole yesterday.
You're an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole the rest of your life.
Adios.
I should start a wedding.
And I was talking to your mother just the other night.
I told her I parked your ass hole and she said yes.
I think you're right.
And all your friends are asshole because you know that you're whole life.
And somebody told me you've got an asshole for life.
For you more than asshole or did you work in your whole life?
Either way it worked out fine because you're an A, S, S, O, L, E, O, L, E.
Holds a night.
1127 at W-I-N-Z, and George Jorge, that was for you.
Not for your family, not for any of your friends, acquaintances, not for anybody else who lives in your neighborhood, for you and you will all.
Okay, let's, and we apologize by the way for playing it.
Let's go to Pompano. Hello.
Yes, I'm sorry, but I'd like to ask you two questions if I may.
Okay, apology accepted.
Number one question is in baseball.
Why don't they call it an error when there's a pass ball and a runner advances or a guy goes from a runner advances?
Why isn't it called an error?
Good question. I don't know.
Whoever officially made this scoring rules many years ago, they decided that there would be a separate category.
I have no idea.
In order for a catcher to make an error, he can make like a throwing error.
All right.
But on a pass ball when he lets a pitch get by, it just ruled it doesn't go in the error column, it's just a pass ball, a PB.
I see. Okay. No, the second one I'm sorry for.
I understand that people that talk real loud have bad hearing.
Right.
Is that why the Cubans at the racetrack when they talk to each other?
You can't even hear the announcer. They talk so loud.
Is it you think that they have bad hearing?
Are the offs?
Have a wonderful day, sir.
I'm sorry.
Okay. Well, at least he apologized.
Okay. There was a man after our own heart.
Got all his little shots in, but he apologized.
In fact, he even apologized up front before he threw him.
Okay. That's our kind of guy.
And what we want you to do, folks, is just run around town this weekend, apologizing to people.
Doesn't have to be for any particular reason, but you'll make them feel better.
And if the caller who played, I'm sorry, Barbara Rendalee,
would send us a nice clear cassette of that boy.
We'd be eternally grateful, man.
If we can get in time for Monday show, for Monday, we might play that all day.
Like, you know, after the mail comes around 11, we might play that from noon to two on Monday.
Hollywood. Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hollywood. Actually, what I did this, I'm a long time listener in the first time caller.
And I'm calling from Hollywood Beach.
Great. Well, we're sorry that you have to live there.
Yeah, really, but I think that you're one person you forgot to apologize about.
Okay.
Tammy Baker.
Yeah, we apologize to her.
Did you?
Okay, I think we forgot that one.
Okay. Well, anyway, I think I got a tip for you in the fourth today.
In the fourth raise in call, or?
Yeah.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Let me get the sports section out, okay?
All right.
Because we can probably knock the price down on some horse to about two to five today.
I can't make the low. Wait a minute. Can I make the fourth? Let's see.
1130. I could make the fourth if I really raced over there.
Your escality. I don't know.
I'm not. I met the road. This guy's beauty here is a friend of mine.
And actually, I'm a friend of mine.
It's the coin. And he said, your escality in the fourth.
Michael, Michael Lee.
No, no good.
I didn't say that. Michael Lee has been hot lately.
Yeah. I was there yesterday caught the one five in the second.
Oh, wait a minute. Let me look.
I didn't even look at yesterday's results yet.
Schoonies.
Lester. All Mike Gonzalez with benign begum begum begum.
I love that. Horace. Yeah.
Look at that. The three to five shot was in the toilet.
Isn't that great?
I love to see those two to five.
Yeah. Up the track. Man, I love that.
Then the public. You know, and look at that. Gonzalez won the seventh.
And Haraburtto Valdeviéso won two in a row.
I can't believe it with two.
Robert was like Robert Lester day.
I can't believe it.
Robert Lester day in colder.
I was going nuts. I lost every race. He was winning everything.
What are you talking about? Lester won the first race. That's all.
No, no, I'm sorry. It was a day before.
I was there because I'm on vacation.
Oh, he kills me. I'm telling you Lester just to kill me.
Up the track. I mean, and I, you know, what it was.
I knew it was going to win. And I said, I don't want to bet him anyway.
Because. Yeah. No, I can't bet on Lester.
He's a nice guy. But boy, he just kills me.
He always gets left in the gate when I bet on him.
Oh, brother. One more thing.
I went up to the book. My girlfriend can never more.
Man, I went up for the first time. I went up to the.
Where you go, the what do you call it? But the gardens up there.
The roof garden. And then I was up there before.
And because I've been all over the dawn track.
And it's nice up there. But it was a rainy day that day.
Yeah. And I didn't. I said, well, let's stick around.
I want to see if New Orleans comes around.
She's really helping. That's what I'm worried about.
I just want to see if you come. She shows up.
No, I've been staying away for a few days. I got to recover.
Oh, okay. Oh, wait a minute.
Look who's in the 10th race today with Lori painter.
Three-sided coin.
How about you, the one I always show you talk about in the night.
And a middle thing about them in the middle today.
But they did very perfect parade.
Yeah. Now they said something about main track.
Sloppy track. I don't know.
No, that race is on the main track.
That horse runs better on the grass. That horse is a sensational horse on the grass.
But this is on the main track.
Now in that darned alarm, he'll be like three to five.
So.
Okay. What are you going to be over there?
No, I might be out there tomorrow. I might take, you know, four or five thousand out there tomorrow and just give it away.
You know, that's me, Mr. Charity.
Good talking to you.
Okay, good luck.
Okay, there's a little tip for you.
A little tip in the fourth race.
Michael Lee in pure scality. This audience alone can go out there and knock it down to about two to five.
Okay. Now we don't want to do that. We don't want to knock anybody's price down.
Where we going next? Miami Beach, hello.
Hello, Neil.
And if we do knock the price down, we apologize up front. Yes.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I want to applaud you for what you're doing on the Valdez thing.
And I'll tell you why.
Because everybody here in Miami and Miami Beach are very complacent.
And believe me, somebody has got to speak up and you're the guy that can do it.
Yeah.
And the second question I'm going to say to you or the second answer, as far as Bill Paul is concerned, I'm a very good friend of his.
As a matter of fact, I don't know if he's going to go to the track today.
No, he's there on vacation.
Huh?
No, he and his wife went away on vacation.
He did?
Yeah.
Well, I'll tell you something.
You don't know my name.
If you want, I'll mention it.
And in the event, I want to try to get Bill back on WYOD if I may mention that.
To get him back on that station, let me tell you something.
The chances of him going to work for those people again on the scale of zero minus infinity.
Well, I'll tell you why I say that.
I spoke to the VP, Bob, and you know who he is.
He was only talking with Joe Robby the other night about the stadium.
I don't know what you listen to it or not.
And you can tell Bill when you see him that Eddie Casino called and wanted to speak with him.
Because you don't know, I met you two years ago.
Yeah.
You and me in the bill.
Yeah.
And I spoke to Bill on Thursday when I was in the waiting city.
And I speak to him for about three quarters of an hour.
And I come back here on Monday and he fired.
Yeah.
By the way, the ratings just came out.
And in that midnight hour, Bill did very, very well.
He had a 9.1.
He had real good demographics.
And he came in third, but very competitive third.
And he did very, very well.
He had the highest number on the whole station in IOD in midnight hours.
So he was doing real well.
And again, he got screwed, but he was a pure, fearless people in this business.
You know why he got fired?
Because there are a bunch of morons over there.
That's why he got fired.
Because there are a bunch of jerks.
Huh?
Your program director fired him.
And he fired Mike Miller, which I didn't care so much.
But Sandy Payton, in fact, they mentioned her name, is Dan Grinch.
Well, she's also gone.
I know she's gone.
And by the way, I'm glad you mentioned that because it's interesting.
Sandy had one of her better books in recent years.
And Mike Miller did pretty well in the hour by our encoder.
It's extremely well.
And all three of them are gone.
They're all IODs.
Oh, I must tell you this, Neil.
You know, today is the first time I have a hell you make so many apologies.
And it's...
Well, I'm sorry for doing this.
It's probably a good thing because a lot of times when you were talking,
you know, about the old folks and the other boys and I mean,
people got a little disgust in your channel.
Well, I'm sorry that I did that.
I think it was all true, but I'm sorry I did it.
No, don't say you're sorry.
It was done.
Yeah.
And when we do something, it's done.
Well, I'm sorry that I said I'm sorry for you.
And I say this, I call up the numbers that you gave over the radio.
And you know what they told me?
We had nothing to say.
That's their answers when you call up.
Yeah, that's terrific.
That's a great answer.
And they say on family, if you had good answer.
Oh, and to court and they say to you, what happened last night?
The ways I don't remember.
Well, if they don't remember, and that's what I'm saying.
Yeah.
And as far as the racetrack goes, I'm as tell you this.
Me and I'm going with my granddaughter for a couple of days.
And I had never in my life picked so many winners.
Great.
And I want to tell you, I spoke to Greg.
Greg Anderson, you know, he's on it.
He took his take and pawn and pawned himself.
Yeah, he's the board off, right?
You know what I mean?
He's one of the board ops that they put on here at IOD.
Huh?
He's on now, and I told him about it.
And they're moving from each conversation the other night.
You know what he says to me?
How do you do today?
To track you.
And I'm going to tell you, when Bill gets back,
you tell him that I asked you on him,
and I'm going to still keep on fighting
because, you know, your VP's got more important things
than your programs, like that.
You know that, Neil.
Yeah.
He's a boss.
Right.
So anyway, Neil, it's nice talking here.
Maybe I'll see you to track.
Okay.
Comes there.
Let him pace me.
I'll be glad to meet more of a Bob Clarker's office.
You know what he's just charge of admissions.
And it's private.
Because I suggest there's something to Kenny Nath.
What are you about?
Kenny Nath?
Yeah, you do who runs the track.
Or Kenny Nath.
But he knows what I mean.
Or maybe Kenny Nath.
Or maybe Kenny Nath is taking a nap.
Yeah.
Well, I'll tell you something.
He's a nice guy.
Yeah.
I met him 20 years ago in New York.
Right.
Well, listen, it's great to hear about that,
but you know, life moves on.
Yeah.
Well, Neil, it's nice talking with you.
Okay.
And he might regard us to Bill when he comes back.
Okay.
Okay.
You take care of yourself.
You too.
Bye-bye.
And I apologize for that call.
I just are rereading the article in the Harold.
I'm going totally start craving mad said,
K Kramer, a county commissioner who fielded dozens of phone calls Friday.
According to the article they've received over 1800 phone calls in the last three days.
But you know, who knows if any sense will be knocked into the minds of people like Jim Redford
and some of the others, you know, where there's no sense.
There's no feeling.
It's 22 before new and I apologize for saying it.
22 before new.
I still have a lot of makeup and see a lot of friends for you.
Finally, the 10 record set you've been waiting for.
Tammy Faye's unbelievable new album.
Here's the rock.
I crawled out from under.
I put six paint tones of makeup on.
Then my husband does it with Jessica Hound.
Oh, baby, forward calls and go out will a most grown out on boobs and pee.
It's all here.
The headache, the heartache, the pancake.
Rock of age just is my face.
My mascara only raised.
Tammy Faye's here's the rock that I crawled out from under.
Don't you buy my new album?
If you tell me you're burning hay, I'll you're really real.
Thank you, God bless you.
Previous caller was right.
We duo in apology to Jim and Tammy Faye and anybody who shops at TJ Maxx can't be all bad.
I have never been to a prostitute and I am not or have ever been a homosexual.
Let's go to Miami next.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, you're doing a good job on this bilingual question here.
Have you ever been to a county commission meeting?
Yes.
Well, you know why Valdez wants this bilingual thing.
You can't speak English or understand it.
Exactly.
He'd like to have a whole meeting held in Espanol.
Absolutely.
The county attorney can't even understand him half the time.
Neither can people in the audience.
A couple of points on this bilingual thing is if you brought up what the extra cost would be to tie this election in,
even though it's an election day, there wouldn't be any extra cost.
How about the cost to the county to implement it after it's enacted?
Sure.
There'd be a lot of cost there because then they'd be printing up letterheads in two languages again and signs and all sorts of things.
And there is an interesting thing in the herald article this morning.
There's a box and it says the English only law common misconceptions and it said it wouldn't require that street signs or traffic signals or whatever be printed in Spanish.
But it doesn't go into the fact that there would be additional cost and that the county does save a considerable amount of money by not having to do business in two separate languages.
I thought maybe one of your callers who's amateur.
But that's not really the point.
I mean, that's that's nickels and dimes compared to the real implications of getting this whole thing on a ballot again.
I mean, anybody who has lived here through all of the divisiveness and all of these episodes realizes that there is absolutely no reason to go through this again.
And it's only because of one man and his stupid brain and his fragile ego.
See, there we go with the egos again.
Everybody has got their feelings hurt that he wants to open up the whole county.
And he has said, I'll repeat what I said to you early part of the show.
He told Jim Loney in our news department.
He has told him that no one is going to talk him out of this.
He's not going to back down and he's going to go ahead with this thing, come hell or high water.
So here is one man who is in essence saying he doesn't give a damn about the county.
He's willing to do anything no matter how divisive it is, no matter how much emotion it gets going.
He is going to plot ahead and you know, nobody confused him with the facts.
Well, I'm glad he's so open minded about it.
Yeah, right.
I know.
And also these numbers, the county commissioners, I don't know what you've tried to call,
but they're busy all the time.
You can't get through the first time I've ever found it that way.
Well, I got almost 2,000 calls in three days, so now you know why they're busy.
Well, anyway, keep up the work and keep the pressure on them and the screws tight.
Okay.
Okay, bye-bye.
Thank you.
And we apologize, of course, to those young ladies answering the phones down there
because we are not asking people to be objectionable or hostile or hysterical.
We're just asking the public to call and register their opposition to this referendum.
And you know, I can't be held responsible for everything that happens along the way,
even though Mr. Valdes would like to twist and turn this and suggest that somehow I'm responsible
for placing him in jeopardy, et cetera, and so on.
Nobody twisted his arm and said, hey, Jorge,
would be a great idea to bring all of this up again and to divide the community in half.
Nobody has coerced him into doing that, and the other commissioner is most of them
from what we understand would love to find a way to bury this whole thing and get out of it.
And only one man is standing in the way and nobody's twisting his arm to do it.
Miami, hello.
Well, Neil.
Hi.
How you doing?
Okay.
Are these seriously making you apologize?
No.
Uh-oh, okay.
I'm doing this all on my own, and I apologize if I left that impression.
Okay.
Now, because I'm wondering is that, I mean, whatever happened to free speech and, you know,
you're right to think what you want and express your opinion.
No such thing.
And another thing, this bilingual issue, I feel that they're trying to,
bilingual means two languages, and what they're talking about is like Spanish-language, right?
Mm-hmm.
Okay, now, they got their way.
I mean, everywhere you go in Miami, everybody's speaking Spanish.
Now, what I think they're trying to do is just make it in the Spanish-speaking county.
Okay?
I mean, because they're doing, you know, we did our part as far as putting up with their Spanish.
How come they can't come around and just learn to English?
Astaluego.
Yeah, right.
It's very simple.
There's nothing complicated about it, but you're dealing with a moron here.
Don't you understand that?
The man is so dumb.
And I watched him on a channel 10 thing last night, and I realized he doesn't even understand what the anti-bullying will ordinance means.
And, you know, the man is just beyond help.
He's just frighteningly stupid.
And the frightening part of it is, A, that he's sitting on a Metro commission,
and B, that the other eight yo-yo's up there are being, you know, manipulated and dragged around by this guy.
They ought to put him in a closet somewhere and just, you know, try to hide the embarrassment.
Yeah, I mean, see, I'm 19 years old.
I just graduated high school.
The high school I went to, okay, was majority were Spanish.
Okay?
Now, we actually had some teachers, okay, some academic teachers, that didn't speak English.
And they would hold their classes in Spanish.
Terrific.
You know?
Yeah.
And I'm not Spanish.
I would go in those classes and I'm like, lady, sir, I mean, what are you talking about?
I, you know, this is America I came here because I want to learn English, and I wanted to get educated in English.
I didn't come here, you know.
I want to do that.
I go to Spain.
I go to Cuba, you know?
But I, that was really amazing to me, that they actually held their classes in Spanish.
Some, not all, but some.
Some of the teachers did actually do that.
And including I like to say, I still knew it.
Okay.
Hello.
Are you?
Okay, 13-till noon at W.I. and Z. Don't forget Stan Major and his boring frogs will be here from 2-6 this afternoon.
I'll probably give you a recap of the last night's Miami Vice.
And you notice all the comment we've had, all the complaints about the Stan Major show we've had no complaints.
And I'll say it again, the departed Daffy McCallum.
Blue away most of the audience at 2 o'clock every day.
I have the documentation right in my hand.
I feel like I'm sitting at the Iran country hearings in Washington.
I have the evidence right in my hot little hand on this document on page 245 in the arbitrawn spring rating book.
I mean what she did to that audience at 2 o'clock, we wouldn't do the Soviet army, okay?
Unbelievable.
But what can I say? You know Stan is boring and desperate. Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I'm sorry to Cuban since just upon calling me an Anglo.
I'm sorry when I eat black beans, I do the fanned angle.
I'm sorry when I break dance, it's called an Anglo-Tango.
I'm sorry if I had sex with the Cuban, I've been Cubangled.
I'm sorry Valderz, Martinez and Forrest make an Isolsa, the Australian Gulf.
And I'm sorry that you had to listen to this and I apologize.
Apology accepted.
Cooper City, hello.
Hello Neil.
Hi.
Again, too many bilingual calls, it's a Saturday, we have to relax today.
That's what I said at the beginning of the show, enough is enough already.
Well, I'll give the numbers out again on Monday and Tuesday, whatever days that people want to keep calling.
But I'm not going to raise the intensity level that we all have to have a stroke or a nervous breakdown because of this one very stupid man.
I agree. You shouldn't even be here today.
Exactly, this should be my day off, this should be my other day off.
And I say that to them and they just, you know, that's the response.
You know, there may be another apology. It might not have to give Ricky Tiki.
Now, if you remember a couple of years ago, they ran a big TV promotion about him and they referred to him as a legend.
It's a lie.
I am not.
And that is...
And you haven't called him a legend.
And he might, that might hurt his feelings.
Yeah. Well, I apologize for that, but if you're going to wait for me to call him back there, you've got a long wait.
All right, I have one request.
Stand for playing some notes.
Yeah, I'll get a stand-in vote of confidence, too.
Okay, that... Nobody's done that yet. I haven't heard on the air anyway, but...
And people will talk about it at the water cooler.
So, I am not a Nazi.
Right.
Will you put... Stand and play an Elvis song.
Now, the Elvis thing you've been doing is great.
This is the other thing Stand's been doing, and Elvis was a narc in rhinestones after dark, because I'm familiar with that one.
Oh, yeah. Is that in his rack? Wait a minute.
Talk. Say something.
Yeah, um... Oh, what should I say?
It's a lie. I am not a Nazi. How's that?
This is Stand... No, I'm neropologized right now.
Oh, wait a minute. Okay. I think...
Oh, no. This is Elvis at the Vegas Hilton.
Ha, ha, ha, ha. I'm not playing this.
You're right about that.
I don't know. I don't know what this one is called, but it's very funny.
He usually follows the Elvis thing you play. He follows it.
With this one.
Okay, I'll have to look for it during the news, okay?
Okay, great.
Because it's in his rack, and if you could see this man's handwriting, and I apologize for saying this,
but it's unintelligible. I mean, it looks like it was written by Gremlins or something.
Well, I'm sure he's... I'm sure he saw it.
I just mentioned that because that movie was on again last night. Gremlins?
It's on every night.
It is?
Well, you know, it depends on which cable station you have every other night.
Any movie you want to see is on it.
Yeah, it was on with that Zach Galligan or Gilligan or whatever his name is.
Have you heard of him?
From Gilligan's Island?
Have you heard of him since?
Who's Zach?
Yeah.
No, as a matter of fact, Glenn Hill has him locked away somewhere in that closet.
Well, Neil, you're the king, and I know you're sorry about that.
I am sorry.
But you are the king.
I am sorry, and I apologize to Prince Charles for that.
I'll keep up a good word.
Thank you.
I'll be dead.
And I will dig out that...
Oh, I got to say this.
Of all of the things that we have ever played on this show,
see, there are some things that grow on you.
And I like the Tammy Fae thing was like that.
But this one, I think, supersedes all of them.
Your body's record. You've seen his film.
You've even purchased the dayglow-valved memorial paintings of the gas station.
As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all.
But wait, there's more.
Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis' last telephone conversations.
Yes, it's the Elvis tapes.
Hello, baby. This is Elvis.
And I want you to come over right now and make me a big peanut butter and never so much.
I'll be here in the boat, and then I'll tell you what you're gonna get me through with the day.
You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments.
All the pieces of male pieces of men, men, men.
Yeah, this is the Elvis.
Once you bring your work, couple large piles.
Don't make it, make it free.
Don't make it sex, double cheese.
Yeah, I'm hung. I'm alone.
And I'm hungry.
And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one true love of his life.
Oh, if you back, or if you back up a lot, baby.
And I don't do way back.
But you pick up some donuts, please.
Lake jelly, clean donuts.
Crullest, you're dead as two.
All of my baby honey glies donuts.
Well, I'll deal my can't do.
The Elvis tank.
Okay, baby, baby, baby, baby, my more doughnuts.
Available now. We've run stores everywhere.
All of these, all of these little ones, they're on to two.
I give a big part of spaghetti.
Seven minutes till noon at W.I. and Z. We'll come right back.
Who's that coming through the park?
Dressed in ride stones after dark.
Looking weight is fat to be a cop.
Keeping Memphis clean from his long black limousine.
Fighting crime with faster variety of chunks.
Oh, now Elvis was an art in ride stones after dark.
He is fast to keep Memphis dry free.
He knew every field he would be one less on the street.
Elvis took him off for you and me.
I still can't believe that the king would have old age.
He couldn't have done drugs they say he did.
And even though he's the only, I still hear people say that he's got them all out of grace
for having some where he is.
Oh, Elvis was an art in ride stone that dark.
He is fast to keep Memphis dry free.
He knew every field he would be one less on the street.
Elvis took him off for you and me.
I think Elvis knew Paula Hawkins for what a quenella they would have made right there
to clean up this state of no time. Plantation, hello.
I apologize for congratulating your 9.0 rating.
And I hope you apologize for the major for calling him boring.
We apologize for that, sir.
And I'm very sorry.
I love that.
You love what, trolling the Broward Mall?
Well, let me congratulate you on having great taste.
I hope I could do that with Stan.
Oh, you want to troll them all with Stan?
Well, I'd be very concerned about that.
Not only that, I mean, only because he has the willpower to stand in front of a large piece
and not take another part.
That's jealousy.
Yeah, that's true. I apologize for that.
And by the way, I think he's been a great acquisition by the management who hasn't given you your bonus check yet.
Right. Well, they have, don't forget the new slogan here, Messwood Success.
And we're just doing a little bit too well so we want to bring everybody back down to worth
and cut them down to size and cut the crap, you know.
And I apologize for having said that, but that's where it is.
Okay, listen, have a great weekend. I've got to go.
Okay. Good luck at the mall.
Okay, wait a minute.
Yes.
Okay, we have an open line that must be in Broward.
Are you sure enough in Broward 524, 9400, a gym loan who actually shook hands with George Valdes,
the last Anglo to ever touch him on any part of his body is with us.
We have all news from CBS at noon and we'll come back at 1206.
Now for this foolishness, we've got a very short period of time.
We only have a little under two hours left and a lot of people still do apologize too.
So let's go right back to the phone and don't forget, Stan Major will be here at 2 to 6 this afternoon
with or without his boring frogs.
Okay.
Should we take the frogs out?
Should we just take the cart out of the room and eliminate that part of the boredom?
Okay, we're, and I apologize for saying that by the way, Stan.
Miami Lakes. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I wanted a apology for taking the news off the air.
I used to listen to the news all the time.
Well, I'm sorry about that, sir.
I'm sorry.
I know that it had to be.
Let me tell you a story in Casper.
And every time you play the Glean Hill laugh,
you just see her expression on the face.
Her ears just pop off immediately.
Some will evil.
I either sorry.
I wasn't just for the, you know, the Stan Major show the other day when they were trying to find a name for the,
oh yeah.
Yeah, that was a particularly broad.
A one?
Laft talk.
Laft talk.
Laft, laugh, laugh, talk.
Oh, laugh talk.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's not too bad.
No.
Okay, how about, uh, did you ever, I was the guy that sent the tape the other day, the, uh,
the make-stape that had a few songs in there.
I don't know if you ever...
Oh, I got it.
Yeah, I haven't listened to it yet, but I got it.
If you get a chance, try to listen to one more thing.
I have, uh, I went me and my wife.
We go down to North Island Beach.
We go to Beatles Restaurant.
To where?
Beatles.
Beatles?
Just on a Northease 6th Avenue and, uh, about 166th Street.
Oh yeah, that's where they make the pizza, the stuff that they do.
Yeah, the Pizzeria type restaurant.
Yeah.
Have you visited there?
That's a good place.
Yeah, it's real good, real good.
Yeah, it is.
Well, this is about it.
I listen to your show all the time.
I worked outside in a truck and I have a great time with your show.
Well, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that we had to take the news off, but, uh, you know, that's the way things go.
All right, thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, we're very sorry about that.
That we took the news off in midday.
Of course, they were doing what about a two share, about a two three.
But we're sorry, you know, just because I'm doing like, uh, you know, a 10 in there for my four hours.
Uh, we don't want to get carried away.
And we don't want to keep repeating the numbers because that's kind of like self-aggrandizement.
And it's very egotistical and arrogant.
And I'm sorry if we're doing that, okay?
I'm also sorry that nobody else will talk about it, but that's where it goes.
North might, well, oh, stand did, stand at a whole show on it.
We commend them for that.
Hello.
Good morning.
Hi.
I apologize for calling, but I'm an avid listener.
I just wanted to say tinkle, tinkle, tinkle, tinkle.
Tinkle, tinkle, little star.
And secondly.
How we wonder what you are.
Secondly, I wanted to make a request.
Of course.
I need to have it dedicated to George.
We are here to please me.
How that?
Okay.
National Brotherhood Week for him.
Oh, yeah, that would be good.
Please.
Okay, I'll dig it up.
Thank you very much.
Okay, I'm sorry you're going to have to wait for it, but that's where it goes.
Okay.
For Lauderdale, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
First of all, I apologize I'm going to call and make this idea, but have you ever thought about moving just about two inches south of the county line and then running maybe for Metro mayor or something?
You didn't apologize here?
You can actually wait.
I wouldn't move back to date county for all the tea in, uh, in Ojas.
Ojas, okay.
And second number two is an assurius note.
What about Bill Cawler coming to the Bay of N. Z. Is there any luck in that?
Well, that would have been a great idea, but unfortunately, a talk net had these humongous numbers, even though the demographics were very old, but still they had the big number at night.
So I think I wouldn't hold my breath.
Okay, we'll have a good day.
Thanks a lot.
Bye.
Okay, and I'm sorry that you had a way to tell us that.
It's a 10 minutes past noon at W. I. Z. We do have a boy there.
Shizzling today. We're going to say we had an open line and Broward, but they're just smoking.
They are really smoking. Of course, what they're smoking remains to be seen.
One week of every year is designated National Brotherhood Week.
This is just one of many such weeks honoring various worthy causes.
One of my favorites is National Make Fun of the Handicapped Week, which, uh, which Frank Fontaine and Jerry Lewis are in charge of, as you know.
During National Brotherhood Week, various special events are arranged to drive home the message of Brotherhood.
This year, for example, on the first day of the week, Malcolm X was killed, which gives you an idea of how effective the whole thing is.
I'm sure we all agree that we ought to love one another.
And I know there are people in the world who do not love their fellow human beings, and I hate people like that.
This is song about National Brotherhood Week.
All the white folks hate the black folks, and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks is an old established rule about during.
National Brotherhood Week, National Brotherhood Week, Lena Horn and Sheriff Clark are dancing cheek to cheek it.
Fun to utilize the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school.
All the poor folks hate the rich folks, and the rich folks hate the poor folks.
All of my folks hate all of your folks. It's American as Apple Pie, but during National Brotherhood Week, National Brotherhood Week, New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's very chic.
Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand, you can tolerate him if you try.
All the Protestants hate the Catholics, and the Catholics hate the Protestants, and the Hindus hate the Muslims, and everybody hates the Jews but during National Brotherhood Week, National Brotherhood Week is national everyone smile at one anotherhood week.
All the white folks hate the nice two people who are inferior to you. It's only for a week so have no fear. Be grateful that it doesn't last all year.
Okay, you're really bulleted this morning, Kyle. You're really blue and you missed out. You left one very important group out. How could you forget?
We owe an apology sports think sports think basketball. We don't owe them an apology.
The Celtic fans we owe an apology man. We have bashed those Celtics now. You know, let's not say we owe them an apology. Okay, because we don't because the Celtics are disgusting and nauseating and they make me want to puke. Okay, they just they just bring out the worst. Okay, but since we're apologizing to everybody else, the least we can do.
What the misfits are starting with messages again, we don't take messages and we apologize for the fact we have nobody here to take messages, but we don't do that. And we also know we retract the apology. Okay, we take it back. But for the Celtic fans.
A well a bird bird bird bird is the word a well a bird bird bird bird is the word a Larry bird bird bird bird is the word a Larry bird bird bird bird is the word. Don't you know about the bird?
Everybody's talking about Larry bird. It's fun. The only of all the men is truly amazing.
The
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
start
start
stop
keep
And I think no one's persons toward private and cripples.
I believe after listening to him five or so weeks and determining some kind of an assessment.
Yes.
I find myself in the same situation again.
Howdy with Daffy, Adios, Adiva Deltje and Oster Luego.
I believe.
I believe there's a vast audience out there turning the dial at two o'clock as I am.
No apology.
I think you're wrong, sir.
Well, the numbers will show later on except you're paying for your life.
I would be willing to bet.
I would be willing to bet some serious money.
Some serious pocket change.
No, nothing larger than a dime.
That Stan will do extremely well.
Now, there are a lot of people in management who are getting very nervous and I apologize for saying that.
But that's no secret because I've already had a little chat with Stan and we talk this out.
And he's become very philosophical in his old age and he says basically up theirs.
I let the audience determine that.
Exactly.
And the books will show it.
I mean, if Daffy could keep 4.7% of the audience even though she drove most of the people under 100 away, if she could do that, Stan will keep at least 6 or 7% of the audience.
Trust me.
Trust my judgment.
Have I ever led you wrong, sir?
Occasionally.
Well, okay.
Well, now you're nitpicking, see?
Nobody's perfect.
No, I know you are.
You're just great.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Adios.
1218 at WINZ.
I'm Neil Rogers, a legend in my own mind.
And we have an open line in date at 624.
No, that is the right number.
See, I just lost the numbers.
Okay.
Does that give you an idea that my mind is not quite where it ought to be?
6249400.
What does this say?
You see, I wish they would take this stupid digital clock out of here.
I may reach into this thing and pull it out because it provides no useful purpose.
We already have a clock and I have a great time X watch that keeps a better time than our digital clock.
And I know that we don't want to start with the engineers because we said wonderful things about them today.
And I met every word of it.
They've been great.
But they put this stupid clock over the computer screen.
And so when Kyle writes messages that are in the bottom third of the screen, you can't read them.
You have to stand up and try to stand up and talk into this stupid boom mic that they put in here at the same time.
It's like enough to give you a double hernia with Larry Bird.
You know what I mean?
Can't get this thing open now.
Ah!
Okay, here we go.
I got it open.
Is your way to pull this clock out, you think?
Wait a minute.
Hold on a minute.
Well, let's see.
What's it attached to?
Doing a little...
Now, if I pull it out, something might like burn out or something, you know?
Something might blow out.
Boy, they've got this in here like for a life.
How about if I... there we go, I just kind of like turn it on its side.
Great.
Okay, so if Stan wants to read the time off of there, Stan can, you know, lay his head down on the table in the shame.
Oh, I see. Then now this thing will go back on it.
Well, that's all right.
I don't care whether it goes on or not.
At least I can read the messages now.
Ernie Sochin apologizes for that.
For what?
For his numbers on Saturday?
Yeah, they were pretty weak.
He apologizes.
You have to apologize.
Message is coming very slowly, folks.
For getting...
Ernie...
His job.
For getting Ernie, whose job...
His job or Stan's job?
For getting Stan Ernie's job?
For getting Ernie his job.
Oh, I do apologize for that.
Oh, by the way, speaking of Ernie Sochin...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Of course we apologize for playing this record on yönstable drums.
We especially apologize to the orthodox Jews in the audience, especially the Hussinim,
the super orthodox.
But of course the big question is if they're so religious, how come they're listening?
23 minutes past noon at WYNZ, we'll come right home.
Maybe that's the book.
26 minutes past noon at WYNZ.
Wouldn't that be great if federal express is here with all copies of the book?
Because one came in yesterday, at least one.
But of course they only give you like a page or two of that.
They don't want you to see too much good stuff.
Okay, let's go back to the phone.
No, listen, let's do this first.
Then we'll go back to the phone.
I apologize for keeping you waiting an extra minute.
Hello, this is Dr. Wood speaking of good sounds.
Now, if you want great satisfaction, but you want to do it all by yourself, you know what I mean?
How?
In the house?
In the car?
Wherever.
Don't you be timid.
It's very natural.
Come on, we all do it.
All right.
Just take your hand right now.
And hold on firm.
But center?
And turn very slowly.
Ah, yes.
Oh, yeah, there you go.
Keep the motion now.
Yeah, yeah, that's good.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You're doing it very good now.
A little more, you're almost there.
Or the other.
But yeah, it's close.
Oh, yeah.
I can't.
You know, the interesting part about IOD is that the people who went up on that station in the ratings, they all, they're all gone.
They're all gone.
So we salute Bob Rich and Mike Anthony.
We apologize to the radio listening audience who have been jerked around so desperately by the mismanagement over at the Isle of Dreams.
But they really did it, man.
They did a clean sweep this time.
Everybody who is going up.
Audio, spring that baby down as they say on the WINC Jet Blimp. Hollywood, hello.
Hello, Neil.
I must say that last gentleman that calls and guarding Stan Major, I agree with him, I'm 100%.
He's not only boring, but he's got a noxious personality and two o'clock is his signal to train off the station.
I apologize for saying that.
Then is he put on Glenn or any or anybody?
Wait a minute, put on Glenn.
Yeah.
Oh, you're getting really desperate now.
Oh, well, anybody or anybody, but you're a hell of a lot better than he does.
He's show is awful, just and he's awful.
I'm sorry, I apologize for having to say it.
Okay.
Are you related to Daffy?
Huh?
Are you related to Daffy?
No, I'm not.
I'm really not, but you know, I've been wanting to call into Teggy.
His personality is absolutely obnoxious.
And his show is not the least but entertaining.
So two o'clock or if it goes.
Okay.
Sorry.
Well, I'm sorry you said it.
Okay.
Bye-bye and Stan is really sorry you said it because he wants to buy a house.
Okay, we just have this in.
We had the career deliver this from management at WINZ.
And this has something to do with my bonus check.
Well, hey, how you do and have a seat.
Have a drink.
Boy, you could just see or what can I say.
Oh, sorry, gotta run.
We'll get together again and say what was your name anyway.
Well, we're working on the problem.
We'll get back to you soon.
But don't try to call me.
I'll be in a meeting every afternoon for a year.
Maybe longer, keep in touch.
The thing for drop in nine heaven as day.
The text and the mail.
Hey, you're beautiful.
Don't ever change.
You know what I mean.
My girl will call your girl.
I really want to leave a message on my machine.
Oh, baby, won't you find all the dotted lines?
I'm gonna make your dreams come true.
The text and the mail.
Would I lie to you?
Okay, there's a little message from our management about my bonus check.
And we certainly appreciate it.
It's 1230 at WINZ.
It's not a big deal, okay?
You know, it's just a few thousand dollars.
It's nothing important, nothing exciting.
And there's no big rush.
You know, I'm not gonna miss any meals over the weekend.
And I'm not starving to death.
And I don't owe anybody any money.
And I don't suffer from the Larry King syndrome.
And by the way, Larry King would like us to apologize to a lot of people.
But time doesn't permit to get all their names in.
Okay, let's go to Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Hi.
Listen, I was wondering if you happen to see that article in People magazine about Dick Curtin.
No.
There was an article about what he's doing up there.
And they say he's got an Olly North rap song.
Uh-huh.
And also that he's sending out birth certificates for people who are claiming to be heirs of Elvis.
So you can have official, you know, documentation.
Great.
I think that's a great idea.
Yeah, probably got millions of those going out.
Absolutely.
It's been a very successful campaign.
Well, he's great.
He's one of those few, one of those rare people in this business who's still left,
who has tremendous sense of humor and a great amount of talent.
And that doesn't give a damn what anybody thinks.
I agree with you completely.
In fact, I think somewhere here, I have a...
Is he still on CKLW?
Is he on a different...
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah.
So it's no long time to have been up there, but I think he is.
But I've got a 45 that I think he's people put out somewhere around here called None Names.
Have you ever heard it?
No.
I'll see if I can find it for you and send it in.
Great.
And I'd like to also apologize because I have to ask you a question.
I'm hoping that you can...
You can tell me.
I've been watching the hearings.
And there's one particular congressman, Henry Hyde.
Yeah.
And I was wondering if there's maybe a Henry Jekyll.
And this guy has swallowed some potion.
And then then the Henry Hyde, because this man is unbelievable.
Well, not what it is.
Henry Hyde, of course, is so hysterical about the abortion issue.
And he's got all those...
All those fetuses in the jars in his office.
And he keeps drinking that ambiotic fluid.
I'm not kidding.
Yeah, he's a piece of work.
Yeah, he sure is.
I agree.
And I also would like to apologize because I get so annoyed
when some of your younger collars punctuate every sentence with the word, okay?
Yeah.
Well, I see what happened is Stevie Kothen.
You remember him?
Yeah.
The young Jockey.
Right.
Well, years ago he was kind of like...
He was the hero of the idol of all the young people in America.
And he used to say, okay, okay?
Well, they have...
Not really.
I just...
Daffy McCallum did that story with you know a few months ago.
And I couldn't resist it because it was probably the epitome of stupidity.
I mean, she said a lot of stupid things over the eight months she was on the air.
But to me, that's the one that sticks out in my mind.
Because first of all, most young people never even heard of Stevie Kothen.
And secondly, Stevie Kothen never said anything.
I don't...
I can't think of a single...
Except he's a good old horse.
You know, that's about all Stevie ever said.
That's right.
That's a nice horse.
Okay, Adios.
And we're sorry.
Yeah, that's one thing about horse people.
I really a lot of nice people and got a chance to meet some of the jockeys at Carter a few weeks ago.
I'm still excited from a meeting Mike Gonzalez and Victor Molina and Bobby Brin and of course,
Heriberto Valdivieso and some of the others.
But most horse people, whether it's jockeys or trainers or anybody around horses,
he's a real nice horse.
That's about the extent of the conversation usually.
He's a nice horse.
As horses go.
27 before 1 at WINZ, we'll go to Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
I'm a nice horse.
Okay, well we're sorry, sir.
I have to ask a question about the apologies that are coming over there.
Who exactly are we apologizing to?
Anybody and everybody.
Okay, that qualifies.
I have some apologies I need to make.
This is like public confession.
Okay.
I want to apologize for not being able to speak Spanish.
That's what we all strive for every day.
So, ahead.
I want to apologize for not being from Cuba.
Okay.
I want to apologize for listening to leaffowler once.
Astalego.
And I want to apologize for listening to Stan all the time.
Okay.
Because I'm addicted.
Yeah, you do listen to him though, right?
Yeah, he's good.
Even if he's boring.
Well, you know what you got to say.
Wait a minute.
The thing that astonishes me, I must say this.
I have to go on record as saying this.
If Stan is boring, then what was Taffy?
Taffy was allowed to permeate the airwaves of this radio station for eight months
with her pseudo-intellectual mong.
And it really was mong.
I mean, she was so repetitive and so boring and so non-intertaining that it was frightening.
I mean, it was truly frightening.
And I'm a little curious because Stan's been here only five weeks and already
there are a lot of nervous knellies out there who are just, you know, like vultures.
Kind of hanging over his body.
Stan's a nice calm down from four hours in the Orojoshra.
Exactly.
But you don't want eight hours of psychosis, you know, you got to.
Yeah, the vultures are already just kind of hanging over the corpse.
You hear them?
I want to apologize for wearing an earring and being straight, but I can't help it.
Okay, well nobody's perfect, so just remember that.
And as soon as this stuff goes through, I'm bilingualism.
I want subtitles on channel 23 because I can't understand what we're doing saying.
Yeah.
Okay.
They're watching it while listening to the radio and there was Javier Suarez on there.
And he was talking and everything and he's a public official and he's like what the mayor of Miami.
And I couldn't, I was listening very hard, but I couldn't make out a word.
He was saying they were talking in Spanish.
Well, when you're the mayor of a foreign city, I guess you're expected to talk in a foreign language.
I better get him.
Okay.
Last note, I recommend a song for you to add to the card playlist there.
An old song, you might find it over at $8.94.
Just put out by a band called XTC living in another Cuba.
And this is a real song.
Really?
Very, very pertinent in these times and days in which we live now.
Okay.
Well, I'm sorry we don't have that, but as soon as I can get my hands on it, we'll do it.
Thank you.
Okay.
One night with you.
Here's what I'm afraid of for.
All things that we need to confine.
Would make my dreams come true.
Just call my name.
And I'll be right by your side.
I want your sweet healthy hand.
My lost are strong too hot.
All in love.
Very quiet life.
My name is Dino Long.
Now I know I'm alive without you.
Been too long, too long.
One night with you.
Here's what I'm afraid of.
All things that we need to confine.
Would make my dreams come true.
Always live.
Very quiet life.
I know Dino Long.
Now I know I'm alive without you.
Been too long, too long.
One night with you.
Here's what I'm afraid of.
All things that we need to confine.
Would make my dreams come true.
I mean, we can rent an auditorium, right?
Okay, little inside talk there.
22 before which we apologize.
Because you don't know what the hell we're talking about.
22 before one at WINZ.
And we'll come back.
White flip down with a banana.
A lot rotten deal.
Found that y'all devil hiding in her purse.
He's cold and he's hard, but he's got a peel.
I hope it never happens to you.
Some fruit breaks your marriage into.
My wife left town with a banana.
My baby slipped by the way.
I'm a jealous man.
She found us six inch Latin lover.
Now she does that.
A hard type of a man.
The sweet and fast laugh with her right hand.
Right now I could just die.
Easy in my banana cream pie.
My wife left town with a banana.
My baby slipped.
My baby slipped by the way.
We also owe an apology because Tweedy Bird is not here today, right?
There are a lot of people, the island queen.
and a lot of others out there in the audience,
a lot of the Vultures fans who are really upset
and we apologize for that.
And how it is that he manages to be here
only five days a week.
Kyle is here six days.
I am certainly here six days.
They've made that crystal clear.
But the Vulture?
It's 18 before one at W.I.
and Z. Don't forget Stan Major will be coming
long-standing today.
The topic today is going to be taking a poll
is Stan Voring or not.
And that's going to be the poll on the Stan Major show
from two to six.
And of course, then we go into spiraling into
talknet tonight, which is a really true
that Bernard Meltzer is in Olaugheron on the weekend, right?
That's the rumor.
That's the popular rumor and it sounds good to me.
Sweetwater, hello.
Yes, I'd like to apologize for being an American Indian.
Shame on you.
Yes.
I put that in your peace pipe and smoke it.
I can't.
I live in the capital of Lake County, Sweetwater.
I had the privilege of having bowed theirs
built from me by a fireblock with houses from me.
Boy, aren't you lucky?
Oh, I died.
He has house conveniently caught on fire when he was married.
You would keep thought he was holding a polian
and acted like a banny rooster.
With a behavior of a bulldog.
A vios?
Yes, right so.
The American people here had no rights to anything,
even our town commissioners.
He didn't believe in him.
He used his, uh, please do thought,
but his own, uh, fraudsier guards and things.
He was something else.
His house conveniently caught fire.
I think that's what you just said only moments ago, yeah.
He said he, uh,
I'm sorry, I apologize to the audience.
But that, it had my, I mean, repetitive.
Because he had, uh, really needed to change his residents
to keep more in step with his statue in life.
Oh, good.
I, I don't tend or can relate to this.
Go ahead.
And, uh, I just thought that, uh,
you might like to know that some of us really,
real Americans who had to be misfortune of having
the living is poor in country,
or leaving here,
saying nobody is giving us free transportation.
Yeah.
And there's no guns that are heads.
And, uh, we're, we're getting out of this poor in country
and growing up state where there's still American citizens.
Hasta luego.
And the town, name of the town,
of being what is called Southern Rebels redneck.
We're moving to a place called Yankee Town.
A grade for that's terrific.
You know where it's at?
George Steinbrenner will love you eternally.
It's a beautiful place.
Yeah.
So, uh, that's all I have to say.
And I apologize to all these people that knew this
through an American English speaking.
Well, just remember, love means never having to say adios.
Yeah.
Okay.
And good luck to you.
Can't you just see George Steinbrenner saying to Don Mattingley,
you know, you're hitting all those homeruns,
and you've got a high batting average in the first place, barely.
But, you know, I just don't like your attitude, Don.
Let's just agree to disagree and tear up your contract and say,
adios.
You know, stay up there in Portland, Maine,
and leave us alone.
Okay, we're doing great.
We're doing just fine.
Okay, we're hotter than a pistol.
We're having a great time, and that's what upsets them,
see, they don't like it when we're having too good of a time.
Miami Beach, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Buenos dias.
Yeah, listen, apologize for calling you on your day off.
Okay.
Listen, I wouldn't know if you saw the two column by ten inch ad
in the voice, the Catholic weekly newspaper.
No.
All you gotta see that radio station slurs starts out.
It says, does that?
That the I&Z have the right to hire talk show hosts who ridicule a clergy ritual
and practice of religion?
Well, let me just interrupt at this point, and I apologize for interrupting you,
but I hate to break the news to the voice and to the local arts diocese.
But W-I-N-Z has the right to hire anybody they want to.
And they don't have to get approval from the arts.
You have the right to hold your term, such as douchebags.
Well, douchebags certainly are very appropriate when it comes to the arts diocese.
I know.
Well, you can't say too much about this, Queens, because they're not really Queens.
Most of their mothers are still living.
Yeah.
But anyway, it goes on for ten inches and it lists 35 advertisers.
The bombs, bombs, bombs, bombs.
Then the copy of this advertisement and the note of jacking at the district
voting are first amendment.
Always in that nice.
And the fan number.
And the fan number.
Yeah.
This is probably by the ESO group in Pompo-Nobiche 540 McNabra, Pompo-Nobiche.
Oh, yeah.
Those are the ones who are trying to get all the sponsors not to advertise and try to hire the ass-er-
and try to interfere with our ability to make a living.
I'm not certainly the stations.
Yeah.
But it says that does he have the right to say that Vatican has the largest collection of pornography in the world?
They do.
I have those alterable.
They do.
And that confessional is in Catholic Church, it's not like the floor of peep shows.
And what else we got here, disc?
What a whole yet, it looks like a tape or your program.
Good.
Well, I'm glad they're all listening.
I know.
But I just wouldn't know if you'd seen it.
No, I get the voice.
I'm under mailing list, but unfortunately it meets the bottom of the waste basket real quick every week.
Oh, hell, you got to look on page nine and see what they got to say.
It'll make your weekend.
Well, maybe a few people send me a copy, you know.
Yeah, well, if you haven't got it, you'll have to send me a few of my...
Few of my fallen Catholics out there who are still listening to this show.
Oh, by the way, I went to Catholic funeral.
It was about 50% spani, 50% to Anglo.
Yep.
The prayer started out or the mayor started out in Latin.
You should have apologized for anything to word Anglo.
Yeah, but this is a Rowan Catholic church which the Pope has declared that we speak English.
The Mass is now in English because nobody could understand Latin.
Now the old time Mass was in Latin.
Yeah.
Well, in this service the Mass was in Spanish.
The sermon was in Spanish.
The Eulogy was in Spanish.
Music was in Spanish.
Here for the congregation sat there with a finger up there.
Here.
Didn't know what the hell was going on.
Yep.
The Vatican decreed the Mass has to be said in the language of the country so the people can understand it.
And here's the parish that was predominantly Irish given over to the Spanish and the Angos aren't even welcome.
Well, I'll just tell you one thing between me and you and me and the lamppost.
I will not be drinking from the communion cup this week.
First you get down on your knees fiddle with your rosaries bow your head with great respect and tell you flex, tell you flex, tell you flex.
To whatever steps you want if you have cleared them with the pontiff everybody say is on Keri, Aelay is on doing the vine again right.
Get in line in that processional step into that small confessional there the guy who's got religion will tell you if your sins are original.
If it is, try playing it safer, drink the wine and chew the wafer to a four six eight climb to transubstantiate.
So get down upon your knees fiddle with your rosaries bow your head with great respect and tell you flex, tell you flex, tell you flex.
Make a cross on your abdomen when in Rome do like a Roman of Amaria.
She is good to see you.
Get an extra second thought and you're minding and doing the vine again right.
Are you serious?
We have a woman on a mobile phone in Broward.
What a trifecta.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing today?
Okay.
Pretty good I guess.
Hello.
Are you really on a mobile phone?
On a mobile phone dear.
I'm near your station right now.
You're in Carroll City.
Hollywood.
Great. Well that's terrific.
Isn't that great, Hollywood?
Listen, the reason I'm calling is because I'm calling not to apologize about the little blue-haired lady that called in a little while ago about Stan.
Oh yeah.
Listen, let's face the reason she shuts the radio off at two o'clock is because she has to get ready for the early birds.
No, I think she takes an enemy every day at two.
And I'm sure that Stan is happy that she shuts the radio off at two because he probably doesn't want to call him in any way.
Probably not. You're right.
I think Stan's great.
I think his radiance will be just as high as yours are pretty soon because I think you're both a dynamic to some.
I agree with you.
I think he's doing just fine.
And I think if they leave him alone, everything will be just great.
I think that if they start interfering and getting antsy and starting to play a program director,
I think that they'll have a problem.
But of course, you know, mess with success.
I agree with that.
We have to tinker.
You know, that's what they say at NBC when Grant Tinker started mucking around with all their shows, tinkering is what it's all about.
I agree, but I think that Stan's doing a great job.
And like I said, to the blue-haired lady who they called in before, I am not apologizing.
Stan's doing a great job and we're all happy that you shut the radio off at two.
Well, I apologize for her behavior.
I give us more time to call in and we can speak to a much younger crowd that he wants to hear from.
Right, living and breathing people. That's what we want allegedly.
You've got it.
Okay.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
Music to be heard there's a bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb,
bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb
bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb
bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb
bombs were given up with cells solving
seven at wins were back for a fourth and final hour the stand major warm up
power stands out in the atrium playing with his frogs and the highlight of the
weekend at wins of course is just taking place the Saturday Miami news is now
in the building and why do we love the Saturday Miami news is it because it has
the TV radio book course not is it because it has the cartoons no way Jose
because it has tomorrow's entries it called it which of course is the only
redeeming thing about the Saturday Miami news and perhaps if you're real nice
and I'm sorry I apologize for the fact that we haven't been touting lately but
enough is enough although we did give you a horse last week last Sunday we
did give you a balky star you know five bucks they can't all pay 75 bucks you
know what I'm saying I mean if they win that's enough but if you're real nice
maybe by the end of the hour will give you something good for tomorrow okay or
maybe somebody will give me something good for tomorrow hi Alia hello all right
yes sir I think w and z owes me an apology for almost causing the death in my
family really well see I always leave my radio station turned I and Z so I can
hear the news in the morning and I listen to you and it's just easier just to
leave it there because of you and for all the months that I had to listen to
daffy I wanted to kill myself I don't blame you I think they owe me an apology
for that well that's true they owe me one too because every day when she came on
and I heard the dials clicking in the opposite direction I wanted to commit
suicide too that's true the other thing is I think I know what's happened to
daffy this is just rumor but I understand she's under an assumed name had a
six-change operation is working at w i o d from two to six very possible that's
possible the other thing is me and my brother-in-law sitting here around the
pool listen to you I'm not working today but he is supposed to be would you let
us boss Joe know if he's listening that's another brother-in-law that he's
here at the pool with Steve swimming at my dad doesn't get in trouble because
it's your fault we've been on the phone for an hour waiting for you okay okay
okay we apologize to the boss thank you okay you bet by the way
lovers trust I don't want to doubt now and I want you to blame because this
horse is going to pay nothing but lovers trust with Wesley Ward and the
third race tomorrow this horse unbelievable just demolished the field last time
out okay just remember you heard it here first if he comes in a hollywood
hello hello yes my name is Margie Edelman and I was on TV last night and I just
want to say that there was a trouble and justice done last night I was led to
I've been working with a doctor from Switzerland and I was led down to someone
called me from channel seven and asked me to be on the show for AIDS last night I
don't know if you thought or not but there was special five hours I've
been I thought that was the show on channel four with John hamburger
yeah right oh yeah
the statement with Jim Brasm a doctor-partner at nine and we would let down
the thinking under the false pre-step that we were supposed to do a 20-minute
segment on an alternative method of treatment for AIDS and that it was going to
be very in the positive light where they portrayed us as charlatans and I'm
very upset about it they only they didn't even let the people decide for
themselves why they did was attack us because we charged fifty dollars for our
seminars and they didn't even let the people you know decide for themselves
and it was just incredible how they just destroyed it and we talked to Jim Brasm
for an hour and a half and he put a phone for one minute and it was just horrible
with they did to us now I've been working on something for four years and I
have scientific proof and scientific evidence yeah well I'm not gonna allow you
to hold it hold it I'm not gonna allow you to use this show to pedal any kind
of therapy because there is no cure for AIDS and nobody knows it better than
I do audio Sarriva Darch and I apologize to the audience for her
in temperate behavior we have an open line in Broward five two four nine
four hundred and our next call from the Olympia Heights Post Office which
explains whether people in Olympia Heights are getting no mail hello
hello Neil how far you okay I want to apologize for the
Olympia Heights Post Office and for the Post Office in general and the crew here
would love you to death would like to know if you could play that phone there's a
bathroom on the right bathroom on the right now before we get into that before I
decide make any you know hasty decision where the hell is Olympia Heights
on 40th Street in the term break its bird road in the term break oh no
speak it English over there exactly
okay well the apology is accepted okay I'll read the darch right bye bye
you feel the pressure start the row and you feel the pressure
if he
fell
just
alive
I'm about to burst
I don't know what this will all
Just take off and I'll fall
That is a bad room on the right
Don't throw on the floor
Just move on down to doors
That is a bad room on the right
You're standing, but it's a cheap tequila
You're taking a stick down with a job to get in
You feel your head began to reeling
You see the room begin to spin
I don't find my muscles
But if you're gone on me
That is a bad room on the right
Don't throw on the floor on us
Drop the postman bus
There's a bad room on the right
There's a bad room on the right
Okay, we apologize for all the stuff that we're playing here
But it kills a lot of time and you know on Saturday
I shouldn't be here anyway on Saturday
It's the very least that they could do, right?
Have a little bit of decency and compassion and humanity
Right? Just a little
And we apologize for the fact that they don't
Okay, somebody invoke on their dime
Hello
Hello, I'm Neil
Buenos tardes
You working hard?
Yeah
I need to apologize to Glen Hill
Please
I have to apologize because I have so much guilt for hating him so much on the radio
Because I've met him and I know him he's a nice guy
Yeah, he never stole our caboose
No, no
He's a seal
Yeah
I think you've resurrected AM radio
Isn't that amazing?
I thought Rick Shaw said that AM radio was dead
By the way, I'm glad that you mentioned that because it is kind of interesting that even the other two
AM stations, we don't want to mention IOD and WS News
But even they beat Waxi in the spring book
Isn't that fascinating?
So when you consider that Ricky Tickey told us that AM radio was dead
Is something really strange going on here, isn't it?
Well, you've brought FM listeners to AM radio
It's probably the first time it's ever happened other than this
Exactly, and I'm sorry I apologize to the FM people for doing that
Well, actually it's good for the FM people because I can get pretty boring after a while
Yeah
And the fact is that, the reason I called, I want to set up a lunch with Kent Burr-Card
Reabroms and Bill Paner in yourself and take this national
Really?
Yeah
I think it's the format of the future
What? What format?
Hot radio talk in the afternoon
Yup, that's the right people
Is that the name for it? Hot radio talk?
Stan's been looking for a name for it
Stan can find out how to do it first and it'll be in good shape
But he's looking for a name for it
I had dragged that yesterday but he didn't get it
Oh, I heard that, yeah
But anyway, I think this is really a format of the future
And...
Well, let me ask you a question
How many people in this country are there?
Do you think? And I don't want to sound egotistical
So I apologize for freezing it in this way
But how many people are there who you think could do this?
Uh, enough. There are enough...
There are enough good talents
I mean, when you look at the top morning men in New York and the Royal FM and some of them are on AM
And there are people in LA, there are a few people around the country who have to be able to pick and choose
If you water it down to an Abrams format thing and go into secondary markets
The people don't have to be that good, but they happen to what?
You mean like Davenport, Iowa for example?
Yeah, maybe Davenport
Or Portland, Maine
Or Orlando
Or Cocoal Beach
Tampa
Or Pinellas Park
Right, right, right
I'm an AM reader around the country, you know
The dead radio format
Yeah, you're right
Well, love your show
Okay
I'll see you at lunch
Well, I'm sorry we steered everybody up
Alright, thank you
Other caller in Boca on their dime, hello
John Neill
Yes sir
Sorry, it's all your management or handful
If you get a nice shirt
They're obviously on your back because of a few things you said
I didn't see what they do if you had a three or four shirt
Exactly
Boy, I'll tell you if I had the numbers that our FM has
They'd have me impaled on tower number two right now
So they cut power
Yeah
Cut power
You got to break a few H if you're going to make an AM let
And if they want advertisers
And if you got 200,000 people out here
You can motivate it any time
We can't be all of us can't be wrong
You're saying something that's why we're listening
Well, I think we're doing a little bit too well
Didn't I tell you that a few weeks ago when you start doing too well
Management starts getting nervous
They can't cope with that
I was like here, well, you know
If you do too well they're going to have to give you your bonus check that time
Yeah
You know, one of the mail
I think your audience ought to inundate the main office with mailings
Just then get off your back
You know, if we didn't like what you're saying, we wouldn't be listening
Listen, I called earlier and talked to Kyle
And he said you guys are closed, I've got a good copy of
I'm sorry, I'll drop it off on Monday if you want it
Great, boy, that'll make my whole show
I'll stop the show in the middle when that arrives
Trust me
I'll get call the business office to get directions
Are you aware?
We apologize to Michelle Gillan too by the way
I kind of like Michelle, but I am
Even if she is a silly twit, we apologize to her
She's very vocal or not vocal visual
Are you aware of the Sunsendle contest?
I think that does
Oh yeah, for the morning jocks, yeah
Can you believe that? And it says from 5'30 to 10 o'clock
Conveniently before you come on here
I don't know why they're doing that again because they took an informal survey a couple of months ago
And it got everybody up sick because I came in number 6 or 7 in morning drive
And I'm not on in morning drive
So it was really quite an honor to come in
6 to 10 a.m. when I'm not even on during that time period
So it aggravates me if there's a $5,000 prize
That you can donate to whatever curiades or whatever you've deemed fifth
I'm just excluded your entire audience from voting for you
I think that maybe next week we ought to stop the Sunsendle
There's people in Palm Beach as Palm Beach people
We take the Palm Beach post and just work our way north
Well what we ought to do is give the Sunsendle out
By having a succession of those types of ballots in the paper
And they can do the next one from 10 to 3 midday
Then they can do one for afternoon drive
And one for night time, wouldn't that be fair?
That's a lot more like, I really does better than you know
We can't cancel every paper in the world but that we know
If they want to stop at a town
Well let's see who does the rest of the work for the rest of the day
I mean this hillbilly on the IOD
I listen to him for 10 minutes, I just can't believe
Yeah but he runs the hell of a board man
He's a great boarder
He's good with the phones, you know, he's good with the phones
He picks him up that crap and laughs
I sent you postcard, I highlighted a couple things on the thing
I don't know if you got your mail today but...
We don't get mail on Saturday
Oh you don't?
And I'm sorry about that, we apologize to all the other employees
But the World Budget operation and we can't afford to bring Sunla Yahu
We're here to go to the post office and get the mail on Saturday
So we have to wait till Monday
How does the video get today on Friday and not this Thursday?
I don't understand that
Well we're gonna have a long chat about that on Monday
Listen I could get a lot of support
I love to hear you on Saturday but my God
What you do on a five day week is enough
It takes a year up every week
Yeah I like you know three days a week would be good
I would do a hell of a show every day
Wednesday through Friday sounds good to me
That's great, listen keep up the good work
And you like that I'm sorry your management's assholes but you know
Well you know life isn't fair, what can I tell you?
Thanks a lot now
Okay, he said that and I by the way and I apologize that he said it
I don't necessarily disagree but he did say it
Okay 20 minutes passed one at WINZ
We have an open line in day 6249400
We've had a torrent of comment about Stan Major today
You've noticed it's been unreal, hasn't it?
It's been almost frightening the amount of comment about Stan show
And Stan will be taking a boring poll from two to six this afternoon
Okay let's go to Pompo-no hello
Hello Neil
Yes
I apologize for calling on Saturday when you probably should be off
Yeah
I wonder if it's possible to hear from Reverend Holy Mully
Haven't heard from him for a while and I think
Oh no that's you mean that long terminal thing that Stan plays?
That terminal thing that...
Oh no he played it yesterday
Did he?
Right at the beginning of the show it goes on for like 85 minutes or something
Oh heaven
I didn't know when down that one
Yeah
How about Key West, Beth?
Key West, VICE?
Yeah
That'd be wonderful
It would be wouldn't it?
I apologize for even asking you out
You ought to, you're really ought to apologize for asking us to play
But I'll find out
Okay
Thank you Neil
Have a wonderful life
Have a nice day
Okay 21 Pan
Friday nights there
To Miami-Cost with a hot new day
They're on the streets fighting crime
Blood pal, we just don't do strip searches for Jay walking
In Key West, VICE
Yeah, brother
Jackie Down
Lieutenant in that the group of hairdressers who attack people on the beach
Hold them down and then
Set their hair
Yeah, it's back in place
Let's go get out
Damn, stop it's nothing
That clean up the streets
All the surf I'm sorry for skipping in the most skipping zone
I hope you guys don't get on to me
Just take a seat pal
Gladly
A chair
A chair
Yes, Key West, VICE
All right, stop you pickpocket
I beg your pardon, I am not a food pocket
Oh, sorry
Just look, like
Yeah, there a couple of hits Miami-Cost on a hot new beat
In Key West, VICE
Friday night to 9 on NBC
Okay, we apologize for the hostility on the screen here
But Kyle says tell the misfits that they cannot come by today
Another one was just at the gate
And the next one will get taken to Metro
Right, that's telling them
Anybody who comes to the gate, even if it's Stan, right?
Metro immediately will take them off
We don't want any pain in the ass visitors here on the weekend
Although we do have a crew from Channel 4 here
And they're a little bit disturbed because well, you know, let's face it
We're not really talking about George Valdes and bilingualism
So if you want to call in and talk about it just to pacify these people from Channel 4
We would not do it for 7 or 10
Well, first of all, 10 wouldn't be here in the first place
And 7, you know, they would probably embarrass us by putting on live at 5 again
And we don't want to be on live at 5
Okay, nobody wants to be on live at 5
I mean, if you're going to put us on after 6 o'clock, that's bad enough
But to put us on between 5 and 6, forget it
Okay, don't send anybody ever out here again from Channel 7 to put us on between 5 and 6
That's a fate worse than death
And all the apologies in the world will not make up for it
But anyway, the people here from Channel 4 Channel 4 has always been very nice to us
Except yesterday when a guy came out
And they did take my comments out of context and butchered it up and did a horrendous job
But they've already apologized to us here in the studio today
So we forgive them for that because they've always been great
And they never stole a freight train
And after all, Ralph Renek is long gone so how can they be all bad?
Miami, hello
Miami
Hello
Yes
Hello Neil, I'm a first time caller
Great
And I was going to call and ask you something about cover and the ratings
But when I called, I asked the guy who answered the phone if he was Kyle
And he must not like Kyle because he got real indignant and hung up on me
He thought you said if he was a cow
No, I asked if it was Kyle
Cow?
Cow, cow
Isn't Kyle the guy?
Cow Thomas, yeah
No, he isn't
Kyle
Oh, Kyle, okay, maybe that's why I got mad
Exactly, now next time if you call him by the right name, he might treat you a little nicer
Oh, I like Kyle and I asked for you and I asked who he was
Yeah
And he said, oh, he's a long sign and he hung up on me
I got through because I had my boyfriend asked for you
Oh, yeah, well
We would much rather talk to your boyfriend but that's another story
Yeah, that's good
Okay
Have a more K-Bye
Wait a minute
You didn't say anything
How about that was it
I thought you were going to talk about
I wanted to tell him you should play the asshole song for him and for me for wait
So long
Okay, well we apologize
Okay, bye
It's interesting, she waited a long time, she got on, she told us that story
But she didn't have anything to say but that's okay, you're okay in our book
We have an open line you can call back when Stan is on because he's desperate
In Dade County, 624, 9400, I'm telling you if we could just get Stan laid
His disposition would be so much better and everything would be great, I'm telling you that
With anything that moves, I mean it's at this point going to be choosy of course not
Okay, West Talindale, hello
Hi
In fact, if we could get Lady back from Talahansa, yes, man
Well, I want to talk to you and tell you, first of all, I had a nightmare with the Miami Herald
Forget it
And I can't go to subscriptions
Great
And then
We have a saying here, the Miami Herald is a nightmare
Oh, believe me
They call you every other day
I was getting the Fort Law deal news and they called me two weeks ago and told me they had to cancel me
And I said, what's fair?
And they couldn't tell me and they offered me the sunset and all of a sudden I said, well, could I understand this?
And I said, I don't want the sunset, no?
I have a, you know, an eight week old child, I don't want to be bothered with that garbage
Yeah
And I'm going to call this morning from a lady who I will not mention, so that our job is non-injeopardy
And she said they may be facing out the Fort Law deal news
Well, they ought to get rid of the news, it's nothing more than a rehash of the Sun Sentinel
Well, that interest is
Well, the question of me is rehash of the night before
That's why we've never even bothered to subscribe to you
No
Trust me
It was pretty interesting and they have faced it out in 14 districts
She did not mention where they were
Very good move, believe me
But that is what's going on and I thought I'd call you and tell you so that you knew what was going on
And I've been listening to you for four months and my baby is here and she's an eight week old and she loves you
She loves to listen to you
Great, well, Commander on a excellent taste
Yes, true, so have a good day and take care
Cover her ears, okay
Bye-bye
130 right on the nose at WINZ, we have an open-minded, brown-ward 524-94 on
Jim Baker's Paul, you on the phone
Sunday night, May 17th
Two months had passed
He said, Jerry, I want to ask you to hand the ministry back to me
As you promised in Palm Springs on March 17th
I said, Jim, assuming it was being taped or someone might be listening in and it was for the record
I said, Jim, here's what I want to say to you
From O, from O, from O, from O, not just me, babe
As you see that I am not afraid
Okay, let's go back to the phones
And when we do go back to the calls, these people are desperate, okay?
They came all the way out here into the middle of nowhere and they're very sorry about it
And they don't want to manipulate the show
You know, he heard me talk about the pain in the ass TV people who think they can come out
And manipulate any talk to you in town and coerce us into talking about something that we don't want to talk about
And we're not doing that, we're doing it willingly and cooperatively because we love our friends at Channel 4
If they were from 7 or 10, we would have never let them in a gate
In fact, if they were from 10, we would have called Metro and they would be escorted away right now
We would have tied them, strapped them into a chair and made them listen to 10 years of Brian Norcross's neighborhood weather non-stop
Here's the weather for OGIS
Okay, let's go to Ohio, Leo, hello
Hello
Buenos dias
Buenos dias
Is 7 on the In the Doghouse now too?
Oh yeah, well they put us on live at 5 yesterday boy, they owe us an apology
I say, well I want to apologize for us at the time of sweating for calling our weaning yesterday
Okay
Alright, I'd also like to apologize to my boss for not earning my pay between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.
I can also apologize to the WIMZ program director who I didn't get through to but is secretary for calling him at Dingelbury
A Dingelbury?
Yeah
Well that's a compliment in his case
I say
He only wishes
I want to apologize to all the old folks in Hollanddale for the tread marks on their backs
Also an apologized Mr. George Valdez for passing gas after eating black beans
And I've got an idea for a Stan Major, he can call it the Yacht Strap Radio
How's that?
Yacht Strap Radio
Yacht Strap Radio
Yeah, well only if it's Don Johnson's Yacht Strap
Oh yeah, well you know, I saw the latest hustler has a picture of Don Johnson which I'm going to stand stand
I think Stan is going to get a thrill out of it
Are you serious?
Is he got his clothes on?
Well he's got some you know, female clothes on, put it that way
Female clothes on?
Yeah
Oh yeah, Stan will love that
Yeah, yeah, he's going to like it, I'll get a thrill
Yeah, I'm sure
Okay, that's that dragnet radio that I was talking about
That's right
Okay
Okay, well Adios, I'll read the page, North Lauderdale, hello
Adios, deep throat
Yeah
I'm still alive while listening to you
Same thing happened when I called, I thought it was Kyle and is that Kyle the answer phone?
Just leave him alone, will you please
All right, I thought I was going to put a plug in for his raise too
Two things to say to you
I understand I have a bunch of rumors here because I've been able to call you, where I'm vacation, et cetera, et cetera
I understand that Gwen Hill was referred to as a program director in the paper of the day
Yeah, in the Sun Sentinel
Right, I understand he's giving orders now and expecting everyone to salute smartly and tackle up the hills of the street
Right
That's true, that's true
Okay, also I understand he got very angry at Stan Major the other day
He told him to take a boiling intimate
That's true
That's true
That's good, that was very good
Don't get too good here sir
Other rumor for you, Leaf Tower has been seen dating a young Polish girl who he intends to hire as a secretary for 80 cents an hour
It won't be the first poll he's taken
Okay
I'm going to talk about a quick turnaround
Delusion to the frogs, you know, at Stan's place
Those aren't really frogs or taffy McCallum's relatives protesting his replacing her
That sounds like Gwen in the background
Are you going to press your luck?
I probably will, also some graduations on your ratings
What ratings?
The ones that went from jumped all the way out off the board
Oh, those ratings, yeah, thank you
I understand management doesn't read the papers
They're not interested, sir, we don't discuss ratings, we're not into that
And I also, all these apologies you're making, you should be making them bilingly
It's not acceptable, and Val doesn't have been on a phone trying to reach a major C-cord to get a security system for his home now
I understand
Okay, you redeemed yourself, quit while you were ahead, Tamarack, hello
Hello
Yes
I'd like to tell you you're going to have to apologize to Channel 7 too
What did we do, sir?
Well, you were on it live at 5, but you were also on the regular newscast, a little bit, the same piece more or less a little bit longer
Oh, yeah, well, we always like Channel 7 a lot
Okay, so I wanted to say, and just congratulate you on all the rest of the kids
Thank you, when is this?
Okay, now see, that doesn't really get them off the hook
I mean, being on the 6 to 7 is bad enough because nobody watches it
But being on live at 5 is such a jug, I was going to say a major embarrassment
But people would think I was using Stan's name in the vein
It really is, it's a monumental embarrassment to be on there with Denise White
Now, the other guy who sits there that stands you, whatever his name is
And he's made such a sensational impression, I can't even think of his name
He's bad, but he's innocuous, but Denise White is so bad on a scale of minus in affinity that, you know, there are no words to describe it
I would even rather sit and watch me share, and I would rather be dead than to have to watch me share
Except when she purses her lips, that's the part I like the best
When she does the wink and blink and a nod imitation, that's not too bad
But when she starts purcing her lips, that's when we really all get turned on
And channel 10 gets turned off
Homestead, hello
Neil?
Yes sir
Oh yes, a long time listener, first time caller
When is this?
When is he?
Sir, congratulations on your numbers
And for the past two weeks, I've been trying to get all my family together
To listen to the Michael Jackson glove song
Can you please play it for us?
Well, I have a little piece of information on that we have been told in no uncertain terms
That this is not to be played on our air, but because you are so persuasive and pervasive
I'm going to play it just for you
Thank you very much
But wait a minute, is your family there now? I mean, I know that that was just...
I have about ten people here
Oh yeah, right
But I do so
Thank you
What are you doing having an orgy in Homestead?
No
Home Metro, okay sir, good luck to you
Hello, this is Michael Jackson
Urgent you to help stop the spread of social disease
Don't risk your life by having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar coins
I urge you to do like I do, go it alone
But make sure you wear protection
That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson glove
Worn on either hand, the Michael Jackson glove adds the security and peace of mind that I need to do it myself
So remember, before you put it out, put it on and...
The Michael Jackson glove, proving once again that a bird in the hand is better than one in the bush
A battle in sequin models for extra stimulation
While I tell you one thing, we're not getting any calls about George Valdes
But if Channel 4 played their cards right, they'd have some great material for the news tonight
And we want to send our best to Michael Putney because we know Mike's got a great sense of humor
And he never stole a freight train
Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hello Neil, a long time listener, first time caller
When is time, Dave sir?
Hello
Welcome to Carroll City
Here you go
Two apologies, one to the neighbors of Jorge Valdes
Yesterday I went up onto the US Iowa
And in a week moment I approached the gunnery officer
And I tried to convince him to who I'll be show over into his area
But then I pulled back and thought about the neighbors and decided against the idea
And about Jorge's family
There you go
And the second one is when you were on vacation I was in Hawaii
And I had the occasion to go to a rural
And warming up the people, the host there's the people outside
Wait a minute, you went to a Lou Allen they were warming up the people?
Not the cook, I'm just a...
Sounds like a Santeria ritual in Haya Lea sir
But they were trying to find out how many people there from outside the US of A
Yeah, the doggy dog business sir
Right, so people there from playing for terminus and people from Tokyo
And I volunteered south Florida
And you'd be surprised how many people from outside the Florida area
Realized the problem we got in this area and so far as the bilingualism
Yeah, nobody's seen the troubles we've seen sir
That's right, well I'm in a place near New Yorker
And I'm glad to say that you've turned a seven hour workday into a three hour workday because it tends to...
Okay, well we apologize to your boss and have a great weekend
Yes
Okay Miami, hello
Hey, Niels, you're at the War of Man Jack
Yeah, what's happened?
I'd like to thank you for playing 50th music back on the AM stage
You would have rocketed a roll in all night long
You believe that Rick Shaw is doing this voice?
I mean, I can't believe this, come on now
Is this really James Hummler or are you putting me on?
What I thank you man?
No, oh man
Okay
Oh, I'll tell you
See, I mean the vulture's not here in person on the weekend but he has to call in the show
Fort Lauderdale, hello
Oh, Stan, are Niels?
And I'm sorry for that Niels
Yeah, you oughta be sorry for that
And I'm sorry that I won't think on your legs
Can I ask you a question?
Wait a minute, wait a minute
Wait a minute
What kind of a phone are you on?
This is a portable camera
Yeah, take it back
Let's see, we have an open line indeed, 6249400, Pompo-no, hello
Hello
Yes, how you doing?
Where is this?
I don't speak Spanish, that's why I moved from Miami
Really?
Couldn't take all those Cubans
I wanted to let you know, but why can't I agree with you about Michelle Gillen?
Well, I've heard you say that, she said you're, you're number one on her list
Yeah, she's a simpleton
She's a twit like, is that?
Exactly, and I apologize for saying that me, Shell
You know, they can't even figure out how to pronounce her name, much less what it is that she's doing there with those 40 pound earrings, you know?
It's embarrassing
Right
It's got earrings down to her pooping
No, I know you don't take requests, but I heard it, I think it was on your show, it was on Stan's show about Tom Dick and Harry
No chance
No chance?
No
Where can I get that?
That's another one they got hysterical about
Michelle
No way sir
Anywhere I can, I can pick that up
You'll have, call Stan and ask you, that's his thing
Okay, we'll do, thanks a lot
Okay
Good day
And we have a celebrity caller, G Michael McKay on the phone with us now, I can't believe this, somebody from in the business generally speaking
Congratulations on your bonus, Jack Neil
Yeah, it's in the mail
Hey listen, you really got to get off for Gavealdes
He needs to buy lingual thing because he doesn't know English
In the paper this morning, I and my family are in danger
Yeah, my family and I
Chlorgate when he learns to speak English won't need the law, so it's just a temporary thing
Yeah, have a good day
Is that it?
That's it
What is this, a hit and run call?
Run
Okay
Bye
When is this?
Boy, I can't believe this, all these other people in the business that used to call in on this show and you know like schmooz and hang around on the phone
Hoping that some of these success would rub off
I mean, I can't believe that Mike McKay just ran off into the distance while I guess he figured Tanner would hurt there and get all upset
Okay, now listen, this is a good moment, this is the first time we've had any open lines on the show all day and they figure you know
We've only got 20 minutes left
If you want to make a comment, if you want to be a celebrity on channel four, here's your chance
Because they're desperate and they realize that it's not going to happen, but I'm just you know putting on a good show for them
Dade County, now see all the lines are flashing and I know that those people were not waiting until what I just said so there's no way you're out of luck
But after what channel four did it was yesterday they deserve it North Miami, hello
Good morning Neil, good afternoon, good evening
I don't mess with success
Right, mess with success sir
That's a success
I've listened all week and my blood pressure is getting up a little bit too
Or as they say on the stand major show on dress with success
Neil, I don't understand how these, what you're rating congratulations on your rating
10.8 in the one time hour
Why is your station keep taking your cart away from you different records slowly but surely they seem to be creeping in
Yeah
You have the so far campaign for freedom of speech and these people keep slowly taking things away from you
Yeah well they have
Well they are the head so to speak of big balls radio
Well it's interesting you should mention that because I was just going to tell you there is a disease that is said in here at the station that has to do with what you just mentioned
Yeah
And they are shriveling
Yeah I do
As of this moment they're about the size of pistachio nuts and there is some danger that by the end of next week there will be the size of BBs
There's a lot of listeners that probably never heard freeway and speak it because they took it off a couple you know that's gone
Exactly
There's a lot of things that seem to be slowly, maybe they want you to go back to a 4 or 5 share
No I was going to save this announcement but what I'm going to start doing next week we're going to bring a lot of guests back on the show
A lot of those boring guests were going to have the pathologist on and the urologist and the authors and the diet people
Yeah we're going to start bringing all those boring geriatric oriented guests
And later on if we can get back down to a 3
If we can get back down to about a 3 then perhaps we can re-urnd their respect
Well Neil I think maybe if a few listeners would start writing into the management and tell them I think if we should have a little campaign
Leave success alone or don't mess with success
And I think people should write in and start complaining because pretty soon they'll have you down you won't have any card at all
You know and that's about all I got to say I congratulate you and the past couple days you've been real serious and it's different
No more
No more
I think you laughed that on TV also but
On which channel?
4
Oh boy
4
How embarrassing
And I've seen more more can I mean Sergio?
I've started to say more more can I say I'm going to Sergio
What's his name?
George Velgate
Jorge
Jorge
Jorge is that how you say it?
That's it
Yeah, Jorge
Okay sir
That's nice
I know I've got to listen one Saturday a month at least
Yeah I think working working one Saturday a month sounds good to me
No I'm in off once a month
No I have you all three in order for me
I like it the other way
Okay have a great life
Oh Neil keep it up if you can
Say goodbye
Okay
Volca hello
Yeah Neil congratulations on the writing
Thank you so much aren't you excited about them?
I am
I'm so excited I'm just tinkling in my pants sir I'm going nuts
I'm going to switch over for a met them
I'm listening to you now
If you know how much significance they had you'd really go nuts
I really also want to tell you how they put you on channel 10 they didn't even give you a chance to talk
No it was pretty good actually channel I must confess as much disdain as I have for them and as much contempt as they have for me
I thought they did they put together a pretty good patchwork job
Well yeah they left you there with your picture and they just spoke over you there as Neil Rogers
Yeah and it said last November did you notice that?
Yeah and then they
Well they weren't going to send somebody out here yesterday they weren't going to dignify us by their presence
I mean two was here and four was here and seven and CNN and I and N
But channel 10 men they're busy understand
I just think it takes a whole crew just to stick Michel's earrings on they don't have time to send people out here
That's true I just turn them on and see
They have to paste that stupid mustache on white lauderdale space it takes a lot of time to do that make up
I think you're doing great
And I wish you'd play that little thing you do about Jorge Valdez
And then when they take when they take that crane and drop in and the cheer man that is a work of art it's fantastic
If you could Neil though like he said I stated and that he has a lot of macho for me but I like your what?
The part where you play I stated that on something and then I have to go to the store for chili peppers
Oh yeah, oh yeah that's the George Valdez rebuttal okay maybe we'll get that into that
Don't thank you very much and continue good luck please
Okay, bonos duos
Okay, Kendall hello
Yeah, and I'm going to demand some kind of an apology from you
Okay, I apologize
I used to put up my life and my work productivity
I used to sit here and listen to WLIF and soft background music
What's that lifeless?
Yeah, lifeless
Somebody turned their bell with winds and I started listening to the Neil Rogers show
And now I just sit here with all kinds of work power up in my desk and don't get a damn thing done
Yeah, it could be worse you could be listening to QBA
Hey Rosita, I have to go shopping downtown for my motor
She needs some tortillas and chili peppers
Go ahead sir, I got carried away
I'm really looking at it's costing me money and the only lepolla is what I say
I'm sorry, we'll never do it again
Is that good enough?
Oh there he goes, I guess he accepted it right?
Either that or it wasn't good enough
13 before, well screw him, 13 before, yes
Yeah, listen to Neil
Speak up, speak up
Did you know that when dad was in Cuba, he had a very important job
Hello
I'm listening man, hanging on your every word
A Cuban friend of mine used to work with him
In Cuba, he said it was not easy to separate flagship from pepper when you were in Boston last
That's a good one, how do you use that on for tonight?
12 minutes before 2 at WINZ, did you hear what she said?
Did you understand it? I didn't either for sure, I think I do now
But you know, mobile phone, hello
Hello, this is mobile phone
Yeah, listen to your show for about a half hour
And I really feel that you serve a purpose in this community
You keep a lot of people entertained
But you know, over a half hour we haven't, I've been trying to get something and you haven't said anything
I'm waiting for something meaningful to be said
Like what? Like goodbye?
I don't know, I have to wait
Tell me, tell me, I don't know, I don't see anything meaningful happening
You're going around in circles
What do you mean by meaningful?
In other words, you feel that there must be some kind of redeeming social value on this program
Is that what you try to say?
No, kind of not...
Okay, let me say something very, wait a minute sir
We're knocking
Let me say something meaningful to you, okay?
Taxless
Est-al-label
It's 11 before 2 at WINZ, let's say, I mean on a mobile phone, no less at 35 cents a minute and he's calling in here another suit
Taffy is no longer on this station, sir
We do not invite pseudo-intellectuals to call in, especially from their mobile phones, okay?
So they can impress us without the important they are
Well, I'm sure that's your Joe's got a sense of humor that's unbelievable
Okay, let's take our last break and we'll come right back
Okay, stand majors in the building and if anybody owes anybody an apology it is stand major
Right?
Boy, the list is so long
I mean, first of all, the Haitian community after the disgusting protest comments
That's stand made about our Haitian friends
The Bahamian government after those nauseating revolting comments he's made about the Bahamas and Haru and discussing
Even if they're true, which they are
He owes an apology today is apology day at WINZ
We are sorry, we take it all back and we especially apologize to our management for doing a little bit too well
Our next caller on a pay phone, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Heal, how are you?
Good
I apologize for hay all days for living in Dei County as a non-spanic, spanic person
Speaking to English
No, I don't
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I know which one
And number two, remember yesterday guy called says he didn't think what's happened to Miami without the Cubans?
Yeah
I know what was happened to Miami without the Cubans. Miami would be another tropical paradise again
As opposed to what a tropical depression?
And...
See now that's a shot you should apologize for that sir
I apologize
Because there are a lot of nice Cubans out there
But I tell you one thing, you're doing just things
Lord Valdes is not one of them but there are a lot of nice Cubans out there
Yeah, a lot of them
But you're doing just in democratic way
Exactly, all we're asking is you know we're giving out phone numbers
We're asking people to call the Metro Commission office is that said period
We're not asking for violence, death threats, bomb threats, attacks on anybody's family
But of course Mr. Valdes always retreats back into that crap again
Oh my family, and why is he doing this to me
And he's just trying to make himself into a martyr
But you know one thing you don't realize you can not handle the banana boat mentality
But the democratic mentality
Exactly
It's in the guys outside the Metro government center
Yeah
Demonstration is all that
I bet you'll be out of the office in two hours
And I've got one more good thing for you
I was coming up Lesion Road and about an hour ago
Yeah
I see these big posters the use for
Registrar
The election thing
There's a picture of a young boy about like 20 years old as we look
His name is P-E-N-E-L-A-S
He's running for an office I don't know what office because he's all signed
Wait a minute, you want to sit down, don't say it because I don't think you can say that on here
It might be action and what do you want to spell out again P-E-N
E-L-A-S
He's running for an office and the only thing in that sign is in English it says a new voice
But I want to ask you one thing you look this letters down
Okay wait a minute P-E-N-E-L-A-S
He just take that E-L in the middle and put it up front and see what it says
El Penis
That's how exactly he looks like
Incredible
Yeah I'm going to take a picture from it
Okay well he's got my votes sir
Okay
Good luck to you
Plantation hello
Hello Neil
Hi
This is a privilege I'm glad you're working today but I'm sorry I'm bothering you
Yeah well I'm sure you're concerned because there you know there are a lot of hot lines available for drug addictions
And you know all these things that are going to save everybody
And there's a hotline for cocaine addicts but there are no hotlines for new Roger addicts
What do we do?
Hello
Hello
Hello
I also you know I stand show that's my purpose because I've been non-productive ever since your show
Came onto my dial and you know you owe me a apology because I've lost a lot of money
Well I'm very I'm very sorry
I'm very sorry I'm very sorry
And I have to take home work on Saturdays just to catch up because I don't do my work during those hours
Right
But during stand show I you know I tone down and I'm able to wean off of the radio
You're able to what?
And I know nothing to the TV you know TV have pouch potatoes
Yeah
We call new Roger listeners are we potatoes or what are we?
Hello
We seem to keep losing contact here
Are you kidding me or?
No I'm not kidding you all but I just keep hallucinating that you're asking me these inane questions
And I know that you couldn't possibly be doing it so it just must be hallucination
Well it's a hallucination I really mean it I love your show and we do listen to stand every now and then we try to get some work done
We actually need particularly suffer because we all need to get back to work so this is really I mean you know we can't be blamed for anything
Okay well I'm sorry for all of it and have a wonderful life
Oh boy I'm Tonya boy this show is coming to a close none too soon let's go to Miami hello
Hello Neil
Yes
Welcome to my world
Ha ha ha ha ha
Are we gonna spin a dream or two?
Maybe cop a jackpot or two
It's a Monday or Tuesday
Tuesday
Tuesday
Anyway did you realize you haven't mentioned it but Dr. Bernard is no longer
Yes I did mention that and I take great to credit for that
Neil Rogers potato heads that's not too bad
But he is I mean cellos at the Epicure market
Yeah you know would they replace them with those that whoever it was but I'm so glad
With some other boring guy I don't know
Yeah right exactly
Did you ever notice on that talk that the audience doesn't realize who they're speaking to?
Because they're asking this Sally Jessie they're asking her real estate questions
Yeah I think the audience is very confused by that format
Well listen the fact that they're listening indicates a great deal of confusion to begin with doesn't it?
Yeah it really does
Anyway on this cute George Valdeson situation
I've listened to this guy speak English
And if I was 50 or a Latin male and spoke English the way he does I mean I'd be embarrassed
Yeah
This guy is a borderline illiterate when it comes to this
Oh I don't think borderline is accurate as I would say that illiterate is you know the accurate term
But I mean it doesn't speak in English let's be honest
Yeah I've heard some Latin colors to your program who are very reasonable and very insightful on this thing
And they too do not want to see this I mean the guy from the post office who called in
There's been other colors
Yeah there's nobody who wants it except George Valdes that's the bottom line
Sally doesn't want it QBA doesn't want it citizens of Dave United don't want it don't want it that's good
I'm starting to speak like George Knight
And nobody wants it that's the bottom line
So all we got to do is say audio's are we there to give it a rest put it away and leave us alone already right?
I agree
I agree anyway I'm going out to call there right now
Well good luck to you
You think would do I have a good chance to be a Bruce Williams impersonator?
He could be there
Okay
More likely on Tuesday they're closed on Tuesday but that's why he never loses any money at the track
Well listen that's going to do it we were really on a high roll and of course we degenerated to an all-time low here in the last half hour or so
And we can thank our friends and channel 4 for that but listen you know nothing is perfect in life
You're out of be sorry and we accept your apology and have a wonderful life
And to say hi to Alan Mendelsson
Okay stay tuned Stan is going to be in here to apologize for his whole show for four hours
