Ninja World Power is in Dredge of 40 years of horrible memories.
Yeah!
Then you want the new Klaus Barbie doll.
Every Klaus Barbie doll comes drafted in its own miniature bulletproof witness day.
Woo!
Imagine the hours of fun you'll have cross-examining your very own Klaus Barbie.
Come on!
Take it up!
Doodle brain!
The new Klaus Barbie doll comes complete with brown shirt, stormed with reboots, fake idea and passport.
Kurt Wolham doll soaps everything.
Oh, right!
Klaus Barbie!
You can tell he's much now!
He's hell!
Episcopying the WYNC, we got a lot of good mindspeck, you know.
He hasn't been here long enough to figure out what's really going on.
And I figure we ought to go along with it, right?
We ought to take the whole audience on a trip to Bayside.
Once the last time anybody in this audience has been to downtown Miami,
who doesn't live like in the Grove and that general area?
I mean, Stan really believes in his mind and his heart
that great wonderful things are happening down there.
And of course, one of the things you need to do before you're going to go to Bayside
is to have somebody to take along with you, like maybe an interpreter.
Or trips will be much more enjoyable when you can meet people and make yourself understood.
Listen to this recording.
Repeat what you hear.
Listen.
Then repeat.
Are you ready to travel with Bellets?
Of course.
Yes.
See.
No.
No.
No.
Please.
Por favor.
Por favor.
Thank you.
Gracias.
Gracias.
Oh, if you said gracias in Bayside, boy, they would look at you strange, wouldn't they?
They would look at you as skew.
Come aboard, ladies and gentlemen, with Stan Major on the Miami Express,
that we all head for Bayside.
I mean, this man really is the twilight, so, doesn't he?
How long is it going to be before he's going to really understand what's going on?
Well, I'm sure I have confidence that the audience is going to straighten him out very quickly, very quickly.
I bet you he's going to come on you, you're speaking a little less banuel to Sanfordon,
because he feels if that's what it takes to get him an in, down in downtown Miami.
And not only that, they don't even shoot Miami-Vice in downtown, do they?
No.
They shoot it in places like Miami Beach, because Barbara Capitman and Don Johnson had got something going over there.
And they shoot it in places like the Kendall Town and Country Mall, because there's nobody down there.
You don't have to worry about being interfered with the pain in the ass bystanders and groupies.
There's nobody there.
The last time, and I don't watch this show, and I'll admit that right up front, I do not watch Miami-Vice.
I have no interest in it.
But for those who do watch, what the mail is already pouring in this morning and it's a little more everybody's psychotic today.
I don't know what it is.
I came here early this morning to put a bunch of stuff together and man, there are a lot of very psychotic people in this building today.
Am I right?
Don't open his mic, whatever you do.
For example, here's a piece of, how come the mail is here so early today?
Oh, that's right, Tuesday there's not much mail anyway.
What do they do on Monday in the post office?
Do they have orgies in the post office on Monday?
Because on Tuesday nobody ever gets any mail.
I mean, little bit.
That's well, that's not bad.
That's all for Pat.
Oh, wait a minute.
By the way, we got some comment.
Glad you mentioned that.
We finally got some comment.
Nobody who's seen the picture, they've all been speechless.
But we finally got some off the air comment.
They didn't want to speak on the air, but off the air, they finally had a commentary, their reaction when they saw the picture.
Bob, Bob, Aluna, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Okay, that's enough.
What a disgrace.
Now that wasn't really the comment.
You want to hear the comment?
You think I can find it?
You think I can find the comment?
Not only don't they want to say it, I can't even find it.
How do you like that?
Well, I'm telling you, this is going to be some show today.
If I get through this, I can get through anything.
No, seriously, that was so.
You did recognize that voice, didn't you?
Oh, yeah.
Did you recognize the voice?
Of course.
Of course, the voice matches the picture.
And even though it's the name of the song, right, it was 2D fruity.
Very good.
Boy, they're sharp today.
I better be on my toes.
Now, this was some of the mixed comment that we got in regard to the picture.
That was it.
That was the public reaction, do they?
Anyway, I got a letter here, dear Neil, thanks for the tip on Leo Castile Goulch.
Here's your 10%.
It was my first bet on a horse race, and boy, it was exciting.
From a listener in Temporic Pines, there's 36 cents in here.
Now, what do you think they did?
But two bucks to show?
Did it pay 360?
Because Goulch came in third.
I have no idea.
I don't...
It's not interested in trapping that show money.
But they must have gotten 360 back.
That's for serious.
I thought it was...
Now, what are you doing with all that good stuff?
I've got to lead out there for Stan Major.
Man, you get your hands into everything.
You get your hands into everything.
And I heard that disgusting Howard Stern tape the other day, by the way.
That was disgusting.
We're going to place some of it on the ear a little later.
No, we're not.
No, we're not.
Don't start with Howard Stern again.
Mark, get all upset.
Ben out of shape and hysterical.
Now, where are you going with all of that?
I don't get to see anything that comes in here.
He leaves me 40 copies of Dolphin Digest.
And that's about it.
Do I get to even look at any of that just to see where it came from?
We got some mail for so far today, by the way.
And don't panic.
I got that special thing for Major coming up here in a second.
But we're holding it off.
You know, that doesn't have anything special on it.
That's for me.
You're taking my mail.
No wonder I'd listen, folks.
If you ever send me anything in the mail,
and you wonder why I don't get it.
Because we have a certain Yenta, a certain Yenta around here
who confiscates a lot of my mail.
And the only stuff he brings me is the hate mail.
The only stuff he brings me is the hate mail.
That hate mail.
Oh, here's a good one.
This is good.
See now, if you wouldn't have given this to me, I wouldn't have had it.
Here's a great bumper sticker somebody saw today.
It says, honk, if Larry King owes you money.
And you know something?
They had a traffic jam on a Dolphin Expressway.
Everybody was a honk.
Even Daffy was out there.
She thought it's at honky.
And she was going nuts.
Now, we ought to really open some of this stuff
before we play that stand made, you think.
You're going to freak out when you hear that.
Please send me 10 petitions for the recall of Bob Martinez.
Oh, she...
Where is this from?
Fort Lauderdale.
Figures.
By the way, do you hear about the Assister City's Convention
to bring those kids from East Berlin to Fort Lauderdale
because they love the wall and they're bringing them
this spring break next year.
I'm serious.
That was Kyle's idea.
I want to give him all the credit for credit is due.
Well, where is that mail from?
Yeah, he disappeared.
He left.
I don't blame him.
Can I take a look at that?
You just confiscate all the mail.
But don't you understand?
We could go through all of this and see where it's coming from.
I started to say before I was so rudely interrupted by your cackling.
Look at this boon and debauches.
D.A. boon and debauches.
Well, this must be...
And look at the name.
Lawrence King.
I swear to you, my hand of the sky.
I love it.
Winds.
That's great.
He's got the call it.
The wrong way he wrote a Z kind of like a little swastika there.
Now, this legitimate.
And it's addressed to Larry.
Oh, boy.
I guess Angie Dickinson didn't do the trick, huh?
I guess that didn't satisfy his insatiable appetite.
Well, when you got to nose that big, it takes a lot.
I started to say we got mail for so far this morning from Leigh High Acres.
Is that exciting?
Over on the West Coast?
Did you see that?
And of course from Massachusetts and from New York.
The village voice, by the way, is out in New York.
We don't get it till this weekend.
The real one.
But we're always...
Hey, listen, being a week behind for us isn't bad.
Because generally, we're like 50 years behind.
Here are some that are postmarked West Palm Beach.
Pat Boone is very big in Palm Beach.
In fact, the picture, when you open it up in West Palm Beach,
it looks about two inches bigger than the one that you see in Dayton Broward.
He's big in Palm Beach.
Very tiny in Dayton Broward in Monroe.
We don't get any mail from Monroe either.
Ron Harrison was telling me how good it comes in down there in his neck of the woods.
This is all from, basically, Dayton Broward.
Couple.
Couple from Palm Beach.
Well, that's because it's Tuesday.
Here's one from Lincoln Road.
It's probably from Bruce Singer.
Yeah, Bruce wants his own Boone.
Bruce in the box.
Well, this isn't very exciting, is it?
Huh?
It's Tuesday, you're right.
I'm expecting too much.
We're going through the mail, expecting to have a real bananza.
All of the bumper sticker with Larry King was pretty good.
Wasn't it?
Yeah.
I need to what?
Why?
Is that relaxed enough?
Just put my head on on the table and just take a nap if we're up to you.
Sensuous ship.
What is this?
Boy, this is great.
Look at that.
It's pretty boring.
19 years old.
What was it, a guy?
Yeah.
Is it got a picture in there?
Oh, look at that.
Here's one from Plantation.
Oh, boy.
I think we're going to play the Howard Stern tape on the air before the show is over.
The one about that young guy in his 14-year-old uncle who sexually molested him.
Yeah, I peed in my pants, actually.
Now, yeah, he had penis envy.
That's until he saw Howard.
That carried him immediately.
Oh, this is about Stern.
That is about Howard Stern.
Good.
Get it out of here.
I don't know what this is, really, a bizarre mail, too, isn't it?
There's something going on today.
I don't know what it is, but everybody's really weirded out.
Okay, I can't hold off on this much longer because, you know, if you do that, then the audience starts to rebel.
This is this special thing.
Do we thank Marlon Bailey for this or not?
We wait till we see public reaction.
Because then we could play that FCC thing, too.
And Marlon would really hang his head in shame.
Now, he brought this by, and I have no idea ever who these people are, who put this stuff together.
Helen Dale Vice and Key West Vice.
And this is especially for that cigar smoking ludic from the afternoon.
I'm sure he must be awake by now.
In spite of all that pizza he watched me eat last night.
But this is strictly for the groupie, the one Mayan vice groupie left in South Florida.
These are Vice men by any.
Just like Jacket.
Oh, he's got a partner.
He's got a alligator.
He's got a wild boar.
He's got an elephant.
He held it.
Of course.
I want to be done, John.
So I can look real sick.
I want to be done, John.
I hope you can watch this.
So I can look real sick.
I want to be done, John.
We're true like a friend.
We got our whole life jacked.
And you know me, man?
Yeah, it was okay.
Yuck, it's on the floor.
It's the Aspen Street of Yon.
It's just so dirty.
That was fucking day.
It's your people dirty.
I want to be done, Johnson.
So I can look real flicked.
I want to be done, Johnson.
So I can look real flicked.
I want to be done, Johnson.
So I can look real flicked.
Hey, now.
Watch it now.
Y3, this is the last one.
Major on cool, man.
That's half-life major on cool.
Keep your hands off my Ferrari.
You guys been like John Johnson?
I got the style on my side.
Feeling kinda trendy.
Hey, you know how I should stop being mad?
Real silky-how watching.
Down the middle of the lady.
Staring right at me.
The girls are going crazy.
Get away from me, you jerk.
Major on cool.
I want to be done, Johnson.
So I can look real flicked.
I want to be done, Johnson.
So I can look real flicked.
I want to be done, Johnson.
Shit, Major, Johnson.
One day.
He'll be gone.
Okay, there it is.
I want to do Don Johnson.
That's the apologize for the quality on that.
It's a little unintelligible there.
But that's okay.
It was great, Marlon.
Trust me.
It was a big improvement over the last two that came in a couple of weeks ago.
We've been getting a ton of requests not to play those.
Anyway, I'm sure Major will just freak out when he hears that.
I'll have a nervous breakdown.
And that's going to be one of the questions we're going to ask.
Who would you like to shred documents with?
Jessica Hahn, Donna Rice, Spawn Hall, or Don Johnson?
Or a combination of any of the above?
1032 at WINZ, the email for so far they came for...
We actually got some from a Massachusetts.
I was on for 20 minutes with Jerry Williams last Friday.
And I managed to squeeze the address out on the air.
I slipped it in there when Jerry wasn't paying any attention.
And we're starting to get some mail from that.
And the add in the village voice that half-page add is out in New York.
And we're getting a response from that already.
And this weekend you'll be able to see it here in South Florida
when the village voice comes out.
Let me give the numbers out.
And let's see if the audience is alive in a wake this morning.
If there are any requests, we also have a little something special
by Pat Boone, which I think we already played just a little bit of.
Just a little sneak preview, which is what we're sending you in the mail.
By the way, don't forget, the mail continues to just astonish consultants
from coast to coast on our Boone in the box picture.
And we want to make sure that before Pat and...
I can never think of her name, Debbie Boone.
I just... I have a mental block.
I keep thinking of that record. You light up my life.
And I like this song, but it's just the idea that Debbie Boone is recording it.
It's like kind of a major turn-off to me.
But before they come to the sunrise musical theater,
which isn't that far off I understand, to do sound of music.
We want to make sure that every man, woman and child in South Florida
has their own Boone in the box picture.
And if you'd like your own, all you have to do is send me a stamp,
a stamp and a rest envelope to Boone in the box,
Karev Neal Rogers, W-I-N-Z,
Miami and the zip code is 33055.
That's Boone in the box, Karev Neal Rogers, W-I-N-Z,
Miami 33055.
And also if there's anybody who wants to critique stands for a show yesterday,
I thought he did surprisingly well to be honest with a little bit too good.
We certainly want to hear from that.
If there are any of Daffy's old listeners who are mouth content
and really want to get bent out of shape, you know,
a stick in your ears, basically what I have to say to them.
In Dade County, 624-9400.
Those are the new numbers.
I'm just shocked. I'm sitting here looking at them and I still can't absorb them.
624-9400.
And in Broward, 524-9400.
I think what it's going to take to inspire.
We really aren't getting much reaction in Dade.
Broward of course is always lit up immediately.
You have to inspire Dade with something they can understand.
In fact, we may do that every time we get a call from Dade County.
We may have a little sound effect in the background.
624-640-9400.
We'll be going back to Bayside a little bit later on.
In fact, all through the week we're going to be taking surprise pit stops at Bayside.
Hollywood, hello.
Yes sir.
I'm going up to Rochester shortly.
Do you want me to say hello to anybody at Don and Bob?
Just to the whole gang.
Tell them to make about the 10 Gross of White Hots for me sir.
Okay. One other thing.
One of your commercial, not your commercial,
are commercial from W.I.N.Z. this morning.
They announced the special rate from Pete Mont to go to Rochester.
Pete Mont knows nothing about it.
Crazy.
How about American?
I think he can go for 69 bucks on American.
No American hire, but Pete Mont to mouth they were advertising 49 dollars.
Well 49 bucks, I mean you believe that?
I heard on W.I.N.Z.
Well that doesn't mean anything.
We'll say anything to get your attention.
I thought maybe you would have an information because Pete Mont doesn't.
Is there anybody I could talk to with W.I.N.Z. who might know?
No.
No.
Nobody here knows anything today. They're all psychotic.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Hello for you at Don and Bob.
I'm Tony American Airlines. You can go for 69 bucks.
Huh? All right. I'll check it out.
I'm serious.
Okay. I'm going to check it out.
In fact there's a big ad in the Sun Sentinel there.
And one of the, that's how I happen to know.
69 bucks.
All right.
Amazing part of it.
I think they pay you.
Okay.
I thought you lived there.
Good luck to you. It says other stations are running that Pete Mont's spot.
We're not. Is that what you're saying?
You didn't even hear it on this station.
23 before 11 at W.I.N.Z.
Look at that phone, man.
Look at that phone.
They just don't want to speak to us this morning at all.
Do they?
It's okay.
I've got so much material here on card.
I could go from now until two.
And not even give a damn if anybody calls.
That's just the kind of mood that I'm in this morning.
Very philosophical.
You don't want to talk.
That's okay.
Never phased me in the least bit about these phones and about the lights.
Doesn't interest me in the least.
Miami. Hello.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Morning, background music, please.
I listened to the last hour of us and I showed you after that.
I put him just as boring as he was before when he was the M.B.4.
Oh.
And then what a shot.
And not a shot.
No, no shot.
Listen to this recording.
Repeat what you hear.
Distan, then repeat.
Are you ready to travel with Berits?
Yes.
See.
No.
No.
Please.
Or shall I go?
Thank you.
Gracias.
Okay.
Staying up and up.
Two Tampa Bay Area TV stations have stopped during an automobile tire commercial in which
Allied discount tires pitchman Sam Beard as a spoof on TV evangelist oral Roberts and
tells viewers he's got to sell 80,000 tires this month or he will die.
I just got a message from upstate.
Weights honoring various worthy causes.
One of my favorites is National Make Fun of the Handicapped Week.
Which Frank Fontaine and Jerry Lewis are in charge of as you know.
During National Brotherhood Week, various special events are arranged to drive home the message of Brotherhood.
This year, for example, on the first day of the week, Malcolm X was killed, which gives you an idea of how effective the whole thing is.
I'm sure we all agree that we ought to love one another.
And I know there are people in the world who do not love their fellow human beings.
And I hate people like that.
This is the song about National Brotherhood Week.
All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks is an old established rule about your age.
National Brotherhood Week, National Brotherhood Week, Lena Horn and Sharon Clark are dancing Cheeks to Cheekets.
Fun to utilize fun, people you despise as long as you don't go and I'm in your school.
All the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks.
All of my folks hate all of your folks. It's American as Apple Pie but you're an National Brotherhood Week.
National Brotherhood Week, New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's very cheap.
Step up and shake the hand of someone you can stand. You can tolerate him if you try.
All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews buttern.
National Brotherhood, National Brotherhood Week, National Everyone Smile at One and Another Hood Week.
Nice to people who are inferior to you. It's only four a week so have no fear. Be grateful that it doesn't last all year.
Hi, Alia. Hello.
I'm on the Chiswak and total denial and the WD grant that saved you too and if you know how it's going to be yours and came out,
she saw this like her own. What does it worry about?
She came out and just announced that she had to leave because there's enough people that showed up even though there were like a thousand people.
She went and had lots and you know it sounds like a duty to give to the ministry no matter what.
Yeah, of course.
And she went off and she was over and everybody loved to thank people when he was here and the questions went out and saying lots of questions.
No question about it.
I had a friend with me who had a sickness, so they had to fix us and I got really remorse.
I just thought, God, you have never called to substitute us. This is not a view.
And my friend, she would get the whole situation and she would heal.
I'm sure of it.
So I would get the whole thing and I would play my healing and she would get the whole thing.
She had an experience all along that.
Everybody, happy people like said when in WorldCars, they loved because they're looking to this situation just like I have fallen into it.
I hope they had a lot of handicap parking spaces.
Oh, yeah, I know it's fast and you don't really going to receive some for God. I want to have two days fast.
I went home.
The same. I have anything I went home with with.
As anything I mod from a lot of my Christian friends.
I have been totally blessed from God.
I was just in the world of the special people.
He did die.
I was a grace of God.
He did. He had an experience with God.
She has seen them the whole day.
And I didn't have any of that.
I turned away from all of that five years ago and I have been past birth and I have died.
It still happened for you.
But people are just making a hero and they're going to make Christians out of them all over Canada and South because in the end they end up killing themselves and going to punch dogs again and all of that.
For a master.
The only thing I'm sure of is without this can't look to man.
But anyway, if I wanted to show that one story about the people rolling.
With the underwear, yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
I really enjoyed your show.
I just started watching.
I'm kind of, you know, I'm younger and right in the crowd that I've I used to listen to.
Now I have a radio station and I was supposed to start listening to it.
I haven't heard regular music for about a month.
So I just do appreciate your show.
Well, we got some irregular music.
We're putting on later.
It's going to be great.
Take care.
Okay.
I had a miracle this morning.
I got up and I cracked open the freezer and my refrigerator and I opened the refrigerator door.
And there was an image of a humongous Sicilian pizza.
Hi, hi.
Please don't wear the girl.
And have we got to know for you.
Don't ever enter.
Wait a minute.
This is kind of interesting because John Levin, who's now up in Palm Beach used to be my producer.
He used to pass himself off as a meteorologist.
And we were never sure.
But did you listen to that part of the record?
Where she says, aha.
Hey, oh, you're no longer.
Can you go up the wall at home?
All right.
You're driving.
Oh, nice.
I'll just get low.
I'll go.
And you're going to walk.
Or stand.
But you're going to stay.
You're going to stay.
We're going to be there.
Nothing's going to work.
But I'm going to touch the bomb.
Have a hand.
For the first time.
It's a really, it's going to pass.
It's a really, it's going to pass.
It's raining, man.
I don't know.
I just ran in there.
Hey, man.
I'm going to go out.
I'm going to let myself get.
Absolutely.
It's a broken red.
It's raining, man.
I don't know.
I just ran in there.
Every step comes in.
Oh, man.
Don't need.
Don't let the step come in.
Really, really.
Keep on going.
Since you're TVed.
Don't step by my stature.
Give a finger what I want to ask.
Take a dump.
I'm going to tell you something.
If I ever recover from that call, I'll let you know.
Is she good?
We could put her on tape and probably get her own show, you know.
She was, in fact, of Majors listening.
You better look out.
She could, she could get an 80-year-old easy.
Never need a call.
Boy, I'm just, I'm ready to go to pieces now.
Point and beach.
Are you there?
Oh, inspire you, sir.
Hello.
Yes.
When did you give you in a way to take it?
What tickets?
For Madonna.
Who?
Take it for Madonna.
What station are you listening to?
W-I-N-T.
Yeah.
Who said anything about Madonna tickets?
You said yesterday.
Yesterday.
In Glen Hill, Tommy.
Who?
Glen Hill.
Oh, is this his boyfriend?
We're your friend.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Nothing romantic about you.
Nothing romantic?
Just like you and Carl.
Me and who?
Carl.
Carlos?
Yes.
Oh, I didn't know you knew about that.
Everybody does.
Oh, okay.
Except Carlos.
Well.
He did.
He'd never come back in the building.
I guess that's why he left.
There's another one I'm responsible for.
I chased him out.
Literally.
Well, he could run fast.
I'll tell you.
For a stocking kid, he could run like crazy.
Like the wind.
Who will blame him?
Huh?
With you after him?
Well, that's true.
Well, listen, if you want the Madonna tickets,
maybe we could make a little day here, huh?
All right.
Oh, see?
Boy, you're pretty easy.
Pretty easy.
Well, what do you want to do for the Madonna tickets?
For naming.
Now, come to North.
Let me try and get this straight.
All right, Senator?
Your testimony is that Bob McFallon had a plan
to get some contra-a.
Is that that his correct, sir?
He'd sell our weapons to Iran to get that contra-a.
With a plane load here.
And a plane load there.
Here, a load, there, a load.
Everywhere a plane load.
Now, that's right.
Bob McFallon had a plan to get some contra-a.
So, oh, my fallen has that plot to get that contra-do.
Yes, but when the go-and-got-too-hot,
he couldn't take no more.
About the armhand.
And about the armhand.
He'll appear.
Not about the armhand.
Bob McFallon had the plan to get some contra-a.
Yes, I'll see.
Well, thank you for clearing this not off, General.
Thank you, Senator.
And I would advise your counsel that before any further testimony is heard,
you can have that piano too.
Yes, you're a quote.
I gotta tell you, let me do.
You know just what to do.
Up into the east.
Up into the west.
But she's the guy that I love best.
Now, if there's anybody who wondered in the past about how he hits those high notes,
when you open it envelope and get your picture, that'll answer the question for you.
Plantation, hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
Fine.
I'm just here visiting for Montreal.
Well, you must be going through a culture shock.
Yeah, I guess so.
What's this language crap this guy was talking about just a while ago?
All this bilingual crap?
Yeah.
Well, it was probably bilingual crap.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, we got that crap up there in Montreal, I tell you.
Parley Bufron say?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, they come along.
They tear down all our English signs.
Put up once.
Yeah.
Once a maniacs.
Yeah.
And if you didn't, and if you kept your English signs up there,
they'd check a picture you went to.
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
In Quebec, you don't use this national, do you?
Well, we don't play it much, no.
Which one did they play?
Um, Lamar say?
We.
We?
Tom Sirius?
Yeah.
The French, the French national anthem?
No, no, they say it like this, they go, oh Canada.
The fun is yeah.
Oh, I see.
They don't look.
Oh.
So they Frenchy out a little bit, huh?
I thought maybe they used God save the Queen.
Check that out.
Huh?
Check that out.
Oh, really?
How come?
I don't know, we got a constitution all that.
Oh, I see.
No more queens in Montreal, huh?
Yes.
Okay.
That was for you.
Yeah, thanks.
See, we don't do that for everybody.
Oh, that's great.
Isn't that good?
Yeah.
See, how you got it?
I want to show you how friendly the Americans want to be.
Yeah.
It's a great country.
Only not to French Canadians, though.
Oh, yeah.
We are very hostile toward French Canadians.
Oh, yeah.
Seriously?
Huh.
Well, you're so colorful down here.
I mean, we don't have tortures like this up here and get it.
No, of course not.
And you don't have much color up there either, do you?
No.
It's all boring, dull, and dreary.
People are very pale in Canada.
Yeah.
Even the hockey players, you know.
No, Roger.
Say when I wake up.
Okay, now during the news break, we lost a couple of people.
No, Roger.
It was a moonlit night, an old Mexico.
I walked alone between some old Adobe Husty Enders.
Suddenly, I heard the plaintiff cry of a young Mexican girl.
I have never been to a prostitute and I am not or have ever been in homosexual.
Driving the sea, there's nothing big green.
Take the job you better, want your best, and you'll make it spring forth.
See them went down the court.
While you're holding up the stretch, you can't your hold down the bar.
You're cherish and laugh, angel of chance.
Any other team will just be dragged in half.
The man got a whale, but just by killing my tail.
And I'm getting better now, his wand is pale.
Driving the sea, the Celtics big green.
Take the job you better, want your best, open your eyes,
and drop it like a glass, you can never fall,
I'll see you can never goodbye.
Okay, I want to see an immediate show on the phone from people who are just
filming at the mouth an ecstasy over last night's Celtics debacle in the garden.
How was that great?
Boy, that was incredibly blew a 16-point lead in Midway in the third quarter,
and then after the Lakers tied it, they pulled away by eight,
and they were leading by six with less than two minutes to go in a bluer.
Look at that phone!
Except for a small group of misfits out there who continue to be Celtic fans,
everybody in this audience is deliriously happy, ecstatic.
All right, I have no idea what the spread is on these games,
but you know, I have never been able to understand people who've bet on football
and basketball and baseball games.
It's like going to the race track and having to have your horse not only win the race,
but win by five lengths or more for you to cash.
See, that's one great thing about the track.
If you win by a nose or you win by 20 lengths, it's just as good.
But when you start having to give points,
boy, incredible, is that coming next season?
You have to win by three lengths or more.
Good luck to you.
Anyway, we have a hell of a show.
Where's my special guest, by the way, who's supposed to be in here this morning?
Is he not reported yet?
What is he doing?
Is he busy gossiping on the phone?
Can't believe it.
If I don't see him coming down this hallway,
in the next 30 seconds, there he is.
Through Rosita, I have to go shopping downtown for my motor.
She needs some tortillas and chili peppers.
Okay, some of the sounds of FaceTime on WINC.
Unbelievable.
That major, he's in a dream.
It was a moonlit night, an old Mexico.
I walked alone between some old Adobe Hussie and his.
Suddenly, I heard the plaintiff cry of a young Mexican girl.
The media is sick and it's not badly.
So anyway, we have a...
It's not serious.
I'm serious, but I think we are...
...a little bit more.
A little bit more.
I bet you thought this was...
...the old...
...where you'd be wrong.
Because...
...a...
...trap girl is back.
Where's the crap girl? Go on a famous impression.
I'm crap girl.
Yes, here's crap girl. We've always believed that the key to success...
...is being someone else.
Want to be a famous TV newscaster?
This is our recession right now. Look here.
Believe me.
This is Walter Cronjy, CBS News.
Believe me.
This is Walter Cronkry, CBS News.
Very good.
Very good.
No, no, stop.
No, no, stop.
Wait.
Or how about a much is comedian class?
A holiday.
A holiday.
I've done my thing.
A holiday.
A holiday.
A holiday.
I won't.
But maybe this or she would.
I'm pretty to fool. Don't emote a day.
Give one for your dog too.
What?
Sherlock her.
Yes, it's crap girl.
School of fame is impressions.
And remember a crap girl.
We always say,
If you buy this,
you buy anything.
And that's selling it like it is.
Part of Mrs. Rubetzgum.
Yeah, yeah, it is.
Okay, okay.
Keep up the good work.
Where are you calling from, sir?
Nassau.
Are you in a casino?
No, no, I'm home.
Okay.
Okay.
There he goes.
I was...
Hey, baby.
I'm feeling kind of hungry.
What the lun.
Come here, daddy.
I'm gonna take you as welcome nickel sandwich.
Very good vision.
Have life in the end of the long.
Help yourself, you must love.
You play about your bond.
When you need some bread,
and you want something baked,
you ask your slave of love.
Do you remember the rest of the way?
And it's Steve Ewan de Bray.
And tell you why bread had it.
Jamounted.
Or just jam it as the case may be, right?
Okay, 12 away to WINC.
We're back and this has been...
I'm telling you,
it's like two different shows
because I'm having the best time of my life here.
And the audience,
on these calls so far,
