You talk about a weekend that could put anybody into a coma.
I don't know where to start. I really don't know where to start.
I want to thank our morning crew over there, Frick and Frank over on Zeta 4
for giving you a chance at 9 o'clock this morning to promote our so far campaign.
And of course most of their audiences on drugs, so they don't know they haven't got any idea what it is that I said over there.
But that's okay, at least the intention was good. It's not the result that counts.
It's the intention. That's what's important as we found out Saturday over at that whole fiasco.
That was the most embarrassing day in the history of this business.
I mean, well, no, I shouldn't say that because flowers on five days a week.
But it was close. It was right in their fighting.
I do want to thank a lot of nice people who came out to CB Smith Park.
And I apologize that you had a pay unless you live in Pember of Pines to get into the park.
Because, oh man, I'm telling you that guy over there with Pumpernix.
I hope you're listening this morning, Candor, whatever your name is.
I hope you really got the radio turned up loud and got your tape recorder cranked up and all your lawyers and everybody else.
I have never been involved in anything so embarrassing in my whole life.
It was an obscenity.
I have never been to a prostitute and I am not or have ever been a homosexual.
Okay, that's from one of the other shows in town this morning, a little disclaimer.
But we'll save that for later on in the show.
How did that pop up again just by itself that came on? Have you noticed that?
Isn't it great watching all of those fakers now?
I mean, they're all pointing the finger at each other and there was that anchor bird with that big smile on his face.
And you notice he had his hand in his pocket the whole time he was doing that show.
In fact, he had one hand in his pocket and the other one in Larry King's pocket couldn't believe it.
It was disgusting.
And all of these religious fakers, man, we're all running around pointing the finger at each other.
Oh, it's bad for business and Billy.
Whatever his name is, Billy Graham lost two million last month and fall well lost a million and a half.
And that's all they're talking about is how much money they're losing.
They've just totally lost it. You notice they just go nuts.
But that's not the agenda here today, folks.
We have a lot of things to cover.
I want to thank Ron Sax, a channel 10.
At least Ron is still a channel 10 for a couple of more weeks.
But had nice conversation with him on the phone over the weekend and he did a positive thing.
And you believe that because Ron and I in the past have had a couple of real run-ins.
But I find out that he's a big fan of this show and he listens.
You should pardon the expression religiously to this program.
And he gave us some nice plugs for the so far campaign and he knows and all the other people in the media know that I'm absolutely right.
There's no question about it. The commission is no business in censoring what it is we say on the air.
There was a great column by Tom Sander, the editorial writer.
I believe this is out of the Sun Sentinel.
I think so.
A great column.
And one of the paragraphs, the Vialist obscenities are not the seven dirty words, but laws or court rulings that try to censor any words.
Amen.
And of course we'll get to the Cosford column because Bill again really hit it on the head.
Anybody want to take odds and whether Cosford will be working at the Mimey Herald at the end of the day?
I mean, Cosford is a guy who has got some serious, some big balls.
I mean, here's a guy with guts, okay?
You never know it to look at him because he's got very small fingers, but here's a guy who really pressed me.
Has got some serious activity in between the ears, some real brains.
Where do I start on Saturday? Do I just tell the story?
I know. It's hopeless. It's just nowhere to start.
I mean, between this company, I mean, this company, man, I'll tell you really, Guy Gannett Broadcasting, and I know they pay my check and they pay me well, well, they think they do every couple of weeks.
But when the book comes out today, I'm going to go on strike.
But hey, listen, the book could be a disaster. You never know. Don't let those arbitrains fool you.
Could be like Pumpernicks. It could turn out that another talk host mother works there.
I think I'm just going to sit here and leave dead air for like an hour.
Oh, I started to say we want to thank there were a lot of really nice people that came out to see me Smith Park, and you were supposed to be able to get in for free, even if you didn't live at Pember of Pines, or at least that's what this guy from Pumpernicks told me as he was driving me into the park and other people were being charged the buck.
He says, oh, I don't want to participate in this unless your listeners could get in for free to see the show.
And everybody's paying, you know, so I mean this guy, and of course this was he was driving me into the park because my car at that point was sitting in the parking lot on Taft Street in prestigious Pember of Pines with four flat tires.
See, one thing I like about this company, they really care about the safety of their employees. They're really concerned about that.
And obviously the guy of Pumpernicks was too.
He hired the world's only invisible security guard. It was fantastic. Nobody could see him.
And not only did we have the guy in the brown leisure suit, and yeah, I know you're listening out there. You miserable rotten old fart. We know who you are.
Not only did we have that guy who slashed the tires, but we also had another old maniac right outside the front entrance there Saturday morning in this man. If he didn't have a stroke, then he's never going to have one.
When I got there, he was screaming when I was inside, he was screaming. And when I came out, he was still screaming. He was, and this was going on for like half an hour.
Now, I somebody in a crowd didn't have the good common sense to punch this guy's brains out. I have no idea, but I mean this guy was impossible.
Another one, just like at the diplomat mall, who were the male contents were the young people? We keep hearing about the young rowdy punks and all of that.
Now, in fact, we had a lot of young people come out to the park, and except for that little kid who was telling me about John Sigmund in Pittsburgh, except for that wise guy, they were great.
But it's some of these measurable old disgust that in their frightening man, I'm telling you, like this guy up in Palm Bay, he was no spring chicken, he was 60.
See, and they don't care. They really don't give it them because they figure well, we've lived our lives, so we don't give it them about anybody else.
So, you know, let's blow them all away. Let's get it out of our systems. So it's a major miracle that I'm sitting here speaking to you alive.
We'd have to have Shirley McLean and Shirley Peters here today under different circumstances because it could have just as easily been me as the four tires that got blown out on Saturday.
And I notice we have a lot of beefed up security. If you want to come in and puncture the tires again, that's okay because our gates wide open here today at the station.
So if you want to come in, please, it's fine with me because the station is writing me a check today for $400.89 and if they want to give me new tires every day, that's okay.
I'll be the only guy in America, even the millionaires don't do that. We'll use them for one day and the next day we'll replace them.
Although I like the ones with the raised white letters a lot better than these. Okay, so the next time, let's do it right.
I mean, these are okay. When I tell you the story of what went on on Saturday, you're just going to do cartwheels, you're going to pin your pants, you're going to have a nervous breakdown.
Okay, not of course to mention the four hours of embarrassment that went on the air under the name of talk, Mania.
You know what we had on WINZ for four hours? Well, I can't say that for four hours on Saturday.
Four hours of that. Are we still on the air? Okay, I mean, I can't believe what I participated in. I was just like a, like I was taking hostage or something.
Did I make all the lights on the crown monitor?
Oh, that's a little inside technical thing that the audience wouldn't understand. But I guess we finally, even the brain dead parts of our equipment upstairs finally just woke up.
Maybe the, and by the way, if there are any more people in the building, I want to bring any more Howard Stern tapes. I'm sick of that already. Okay.
You notice you can't do anything in moderation here. Have you noticed that? I mean, a couple of more okay and Glenn Hill, by the way, started all of that. So we probably ought to beat him up for us for doing it.
But enough is enough already. I mean, he guy is funny and we giving him his, his do and everybody's writing about him. But I don't want to hear anymore, but it's how many times can he here lesbian dilatate?
And now everybody in his brother here is bringing Howard Stern tapes. I'm not interested anymore. Okay.
In fact, I think that the little sound effect I just made was more exciting than the tape we played for two hours the other day.
I think we ought to have a poll today to see who was the most destructive on Saturday. Was it Kathy West or was it Taffy McCallum?
Poor Mike Spindell. Now one thing I'll say about Mike. He is almost always at his best when we have those kinds of shows. Not on his own show. No.
They hate him on Sunday, man. They just pick him the pieces. But what we have one of those get together. That seems to be where he shines, at least in the past as in Roy Shine.
Was it Roy Shine? Roy Cohn's boyfriend. Was that his name? I don't think so. It'll come to me. But anyway, even Mike was just overwhelmed by the mediocrity of what was going on there on Saturday. Nobody could hear anything.
I couldn't hear even the people sitting next to me. And a crowd was getting restless because they were all there frying their brains out. And of course Taffy was enjoying that because she likes to see anybody fry.
And that's all she kept saying, man. Capital punishment. How can you be against it? How can you be? It's all she said. And even when I was doing my routine about Smith College, she just kept rambling on about capital punishment. That's all that woman knows.
I think she really wants to star in one of those in that movie, the Terminator because if there's anybody terminal, she's the one boy. She incredible.
In fact, I want to tell you Saturday may have had something positive come out of that show because they have canceled her subject and her guest for today.
They're going to be giving Taffy McCallum electroshock therapy for two hours on a radio from two to four this afternoon. Of that, I'll listen to. I'll make it a point. I'll sit in the parking lot and listen to that while they're jacking up the car to put the new tires on.
Hey, listen, 400 bucks a day. Let's see. Six days a week. That's 2400 a week. That's only a little over 100 grand a year. It's not bad. It's 1019 at W.I. and Z. And I got so much to do here today. I mean, there's so many things that I have little notes written down.
By the way, if you haven't been to Pumpernix in Pembroke Pines, there is no Pumpernix in Pembroke Pines. There's a Royal Market cafeteria that put a sign up that says Pumpernix. That's it.
If there's anybody out there, you know, if I had a business with a famous name, okay, with a positive reputation, I wouldn't just be handing it out casually and saying, hey, you know, pay me a few bucks. I'll let you use my name.
It would be like Royal Castle putting up a sign that said Burns State House, you know, 20 minutes past 10 at W.I. and Z. We're going to take a little commercial break. And when we come back, we have some more great sound effects.
1023 at W.I. and Z also when I get them with a whole story about Saturday, then I've got an even better story to tell you about my apartment that I'm moving out of again.
You see, you get to the point in your life where you get tired of being abused and here in Florida, in this part of South Florida. And I really discovered it finally after all these years yesterday.
You drive around looking for a place to live and you realize it doesn't make any difference where you live.
This is the only part of the country where we have all the bedroom communities, but there is nothing else. In other words, in Detroit, you've got Southfield and Royal Oak and, yeah, anything else.
There's a city. Whether you like it or not, whether it's good or bad, there's a city. Here, all we have are bedroom communities. There's nothing else. They're not bedroom to anything. They're just bedroom communities.
I mean, you could be living in Pembroke Pines or in Plantation or in Sunrise or in Peoria. It doesn't make any difference.
And I hope my landlord, by the way, is listening this morning, are you listening, Matthew? I hope so. Couldn't find y'all weekend while we were frying our brains out of Tappywood all of that.
See, I live in an apartment. Everybody becomes a developer down here. Everybody's a developer. And they slap up a few concrete, can I say erections? I can't say that. And that's it.
And they get away with the cheapest and the worst. A lot of these guys, and they put in an air conditioning unit that isn't big enough to handle the space. They put in a water heater, a hot water heater that isn't big enough to handle the needs.
And see, I've got to try effective where I'm living now. The plumbing doesn't work. In fact, when somebody in another part of the building, can I say this delicately, or does it have to do with excretory matters?
When they flush, sometimes certain things come up in your bowl, okay? And you wonder, who did that? You know, what was that all about?
Is that great? Undergarments come up. I mean, like, at various times, it's exciting. Then, of course, the water pressure, you know, you're there taking a shower.
I don't know about you, but when I get up in the morning, I got to have a good, strong shower to wake up and to inspire me to come in here. In fact, probably a good, strong drink would be even better.
But anyway, it's like if somebody in another part of the building, not even in the same apartment, if they turn on the water, you know, like if they're getting a glass of water, all of a sudden it's like you're dancing under the raindrops to try to stay wet.
Although, I guess, our minor things, right? But of course, now that it's getting hot, and we had about three really hot days in a row when it got over 85.
My air conditioner and it grinds. You can hear it churning. You can hear the rodents and they're really running around trying to get going fast enough. It doesn't work.
It's only cold at night. After it gets under 70 outside, then it gets freezing.
But during the daytime, when it gets like over 80 degrees, it doesn't work. It gets maybe down to 78 inside, and that's it.
And of course, it runs all day now, which means you're paying electric to run it all day, and it's not cooling off.
And there's nobody in the office. There's nobody home. There's nobody around this place. This is another joke. It's just another cruel joke that they play on people.
And people are moving out of this complex left and right.
And this guy who rented it to me has the gold joke to me that, well, the place I move into is brand new. Somebody lived in there for a couple of months, but they ran out on him.
He says, they ran out on it. They probably ran out screaming in the middle of the night. Probably somebody, well, I don't want to get in delicate this early in the morning, but I can just imagine some of the things that probably came up in the old magic bowl.
You know what I'm saying? I heard that the circus was in town up the street. Larry can't once work with a circus, didn't they?
How'd you like to have him sitting on your throne, huh?
Oh, boy. Holy Toledo. Holy moly.
I remember these to talk to people from the country used to talk about the old twin-holars out in the woods.
Larry would need a triple decker.
Man, they just have to cut a big hole in the ground for him, I guess.
Anyway, we'll get into that a little bit later. Hope you're listening, Matthew. I hope you came back from your bar mitzvah, wherever it was that you were.
Because in a couple of days, this kid's going to be long gone, and I want my deposit back. I want all my money back, baby. I want everything back.
You know, you just get to the point you get tired of being screwed over. I think that's where I finally reached.
You know, and as I've told you before, I have no sales resistance. I'm a bad consumer.
I buy something that doesn't work. I throw it out. I don't take it back or if I buy something at the market, it turns out to be rotten. I throw it away.
I just have no consumer defense.
But even the weak need like yours truly, you reach a certain point in life, and you just say I've been abused and screwed enough.
Let me say it again. I've been screwed enough.
I have never been to a prostitute and I am not or have ever been a homosexual.
Okay. Now, getting back to a Saturday, Saturday morning, really, I don't think in three and a half hours I can do justice to this. I'm serious.
Saturday morning, and the amazing part of it is we had a meeting, the talk hosts.
Do I dare use that term here at WINZ? We had a meeting a couple of weeks ago after months of my suggesting it would be nice if we sat down and figured, you know, what the hell we're doing.
We had a meeting and we just talked about this thing at CD Smith Park on Saturday and what we were going to do there.
And I said, well, we haven't done this talk. Maybe a thing for a year and a half. Why don't we get everybody to come on out? We'll have a little fun.
I didn't realize how little fun it was going to be, but I said, let's have a little bit of fun.
Do you realize that the radio station wouldn't run one promo for this? The only promo that ran on this station about CD Smith Park were those pumpernix promos?
Well, I don't think we know. But it looks really good.
Yes, it was very early. I mean, I would tell you not to insist next night.
The reason I eventually dropped it is not that I don't care about the hungry and the homeless. It's a very important subject to me.
But we got no cooperation. And then like three months later, after I was no longer involved, there were management people coming in.
I said, hey, the sleep out was great. I said, what are you talking about? That's Mike. I got nothing to do with that.
It's kind of like you're off just floating off in the keys somewhere, you know, like with Ron Harrison.
It's like you're just off on a limb. And it was the same thing with this talk, Mania.
I thought we could have a lot of fun. I thought we get a lot of people out to sign petitions, which we did. We got 350 signatures, which isn't sensational, but that's not bad.
Although a couple of people there made a good point. A couple of the people who came out said we're really disappointed at the turnout.
I mean, after all, this is the first amendment. This is the bicentennial year of the Constitution.
So certainly, people ought to really be concerned about this issue, but you got to understand.
First of all, nobody even knows where CB Smith Park is. Number one, number two, we were in Pavilion 5, which was between here and the Okie-Fanokie swamps.
And number three, people if they didn't live in Pembroke Pines had a pay to get in.
In spite of what this clown from Pumpernix was telling everybody, breakfast at Pumpernix with Neil, free Danish and free coffee.
And I get there and there's nobody there. It's like when the Godfather was in the hospital and they took all the guards away, that's how I felt.
There's nobody there. I mean, there are people there, but there's nobody there from the station. There's no security there.
And I park way out in the Boundox because there's no other parking.
And I walked very quickly to go inside because you've got to remember this place is not too far from Century Village, number one.
That speaks for itself and right up the block from Colony Point.
And I go inside and hear these rather bizarre people who run this place and I looked around and said, hey, this is still the Royal Market cafeteria.
With a different name.
I mean, it looks like Pumpernix, like I look like Paul Newman. You know what I mean? That's how the similarity just says that on a name.
See, that's a new thing now. We have a whole new thing. People are bringing back like the famous. You know, we put up a sign.
And the Lindy's, there's another good one, right? I'm not going to beat around a bush anymore. I'm going to tell it like it is because I've been embarrassed by some of these people more than enough. I've been abused enough.
In fact, we could also do a couple of hours today. You know, you talk about trying to find an edible place. I don't mean edible in that you're going to chew on the building. Although some of them you could chew on the wood, it would be better.
This town is pathetic. You can't find a place to eat.
I wind up eating lunch yesterday at Venegans on Sheridan Street.
The only reason I didn't go to the deli then is because, you know, it was going to be packed. It was right at lunchtime in addition to which I feel squeamish about eating it in my sponsors because they make a big fuss and they won't let me pay.
And as Jim Baker says, I pay for everything.
And of course, at Venegans, it's like a step away from TGI Fridays. I mean, everything is made out of a cheese and plastic and polyester.
Even the plates are made out of polyester. It's incredible. Everything is prefabricated. And the potatoes taste just like the linguine.
It really is. It's almost impossible to find a place to eat in this town. Really is. I mean, yeah, there are some good restaurants. But first of all, most of them are open for lunch.
And on Sunday, wouldn't you think Sunday would be a day that a lot of people would eat out, a lot of families. It isn't most other towns. It's a big day.
Not here. Must have a lot of majong tournaments on Sunday or something here. I don't know what the hell goes on on Sunday, man. It's like death.
Death.
So anyway, I'm inside. And this guy says, well, before you go out and talk to all your people out there, and there were a considerable number of people.
I hop is packed on Sunday. Oh, you got to be pulling my leg. I hop is like that's a step below desperate. That's how bad I hop is.
All of them. I hop is one of those chains that years ago, it's like the New England oyster house. Years ago, used to be really pretty good.
And after X number of years goes by, I don't know what it is that happens, but all of a sudden they get new management or new something. And man, I'm going to tell you it's just unbelievably bad.
Horrendous.
And all of these people are milling around outside and this one old guy is screaming and yelling. And you know, and this madness and other guy inside says to me, well, before you go out there and talk to your people, I'd like to have you say hello to the people who paid to eat breakfast this morning.
In other words, the people who were inside and they were pretty well packed eating breakfast. And I said to them, I said, those people don't know who I am. They didn't come here to see me.
Oh, no, you're wrong. You're right. So now he grabs me by the arm and he takes me into the other room, which is like two feet away. You know, I mean, it's like it's like eating in a shoe box. This little tiny place.
And here all these people eating and they're not even looking up. They don't know me from Moishi Pupik, okay? And I'm standing there like some kind of a moron.
Now he says, okay, well, let's go outside and you know, say hello to all your people.
I know we're a lot of nice people out there, although most of them were very old. What do you expect at Pumpernix? Is that a place where you're going to find a lot of teenagers? Not too likely.
I mean, the youngest teenager was 97 out there, but there were a lot of nice people and here was this one guy.
Oh, that's it. Screaming and yelling and carrying on. And I'm not exaggerating. He never stopped for a minute. And the irony of it is he had his free Danish in one hand.
How do you like that? He took one of the free Danish, okay, that they were giving from my audience. And he was doing disgusting things with it to top it all off.
And I'm thinking, geez, I got to get that out of there. Now these people are all milling around and now they got to bring out the chef.
Here's my chef who used to work at Wolfies on 21st and the guy comes out and he's got the blood stains on his apron and blood stains on his forehead.
And here's another guy that comes out, hey, this is Rafael from the kitchen. We just found him in a boat somewhere. And he comes out great.
Okay. And now this one guy is screaming and whirling in circles and his head is spinning around like Linda Blair in the exercise.
I mean, it's okay, get me the hell out of here. Will you please? So now they're all escorting me to my car.
And at that point, I began to get the feeling that something was not kosher in Denmark. You know what I'm saying?
Now we get out to my car and I said, hey, wait a minute. What's that flat tire there?
And now I look at the back one on the left side. Now we got two flat tires. And of course, we go around to the other side and hear the other two.
All four perfect match. I mean, I want to give credit to this miserable old fart who did this. He did it very evenly. He was an equal opportunity deflater.
And here my car is sitting there and it's just like, you know, sunk to the ground and the tires are flat as a pancake.
And the manager of this alleged pumper next is saying, oh, oh, this is terrible. We feel so bad. And everybody is twitching and quitching and, okay, don't worry about a thing.
I'll ride you over to the park. We'll get you there. We'll take care of this by the time you come back. Whatever you want. We'll bring the car back to you. We'll take care. It's always pop-a-pop. Beep-beep. Great. He drives me over to the park.
And at this point, I'm ready to blow my brains out. I mean, you know, is this a good way to start a Saturday morning? This is a great way to start today.
I tell you what, let's do another break because there's just too much of the story. When we come back, I'll pick it up at the park where the engineers are standing there looking off into space, wondering what the hell, how we got sucked into this.
And we're some of our programming people are standing there with their finger up their nose. I'll pick it up right at that point when we come back.
I have never been to a prostitute and I am not or have ever been a homosexual.
It's 1041 at W.I.N.C. By the way, you know why Jerry Falwell always has that silly grin on his face. We just found that out this morning from Reverend Anchorburg.
Jerry has a dildo in the shape of a cross on his body that he wears at all times. I'm not a liberty to tell you where.
Okay, now getting back to Saturday morning. I think we had just arrived at the park if I'm not mistaken. My tires were flat. This clown from Pumperdix just brings me to the pavilion.
And I get out of the car and I'm just terminally depressed and I'm not in any mood to hear any crap from anybody at this point. I just want to go home to be honest with you.
And all of a sudden this old guy comes up. You know one of these that tears you by the arm. You know that keeps grabbing you.
I don't want to be grabbed by old guys. Okay, I mean if I want you to grab me I'll let you know. I'll give you a little wink or something like me show, but not some old fart who smells bad and got bad breath.
Okay, and this guy's grabbing me and now he's telling me about Duf. He's telling me some cock-a-many story about Duf's and about they're opening up a new Morrison's and the Ancesthes cafeteria.
And I can't get away from this guy. Now I'm ready to belt him in the mouth at this point. Okay.
So finally all the rest of my cohorts are getting you know they're arriving getting ready to join me in four hours of humiliation, degradation and embarrassment.
And we start to sit down at 10 o'clock and I said okay, where's the sodas? Because I'm one of those people who I can't go on the year unless I've got something even when they do a debate.
You notice all these even these pseudo intellectuals sit there and they've got a big picture of ice water and they have their own individual glass of water in the whole business.
It's just common sense that when somebody's going to talk for a prolonged period of time they've got to have something to wet their whistle, so to speak.
What's out of what? I mean this thing was planned out so well as to be just mind-boggling. Okay. So now I'm digging in my pocket feeling the change and I have to come up with about $3 in change to send somebody over to the soda machine to get a half a dozen sodas for those of us on the year.
At that point I look around keep in mind I've just had four tires flat and I've also had this encounter with a screaming maniac who made Linda Blair look like a good sister and this guy is running around like I'm lunatic in front of Puppernick and I've got this all fresh in my mind and I said okay, where's the security?
There isn't any security. It's because security cost money and one thing about our sales manager here and the whole you know brilliant staff that we've got of what should we call them?
Well I can't use that word on the air all of our administrative types all of our executives and bureaucrats here they don't they want to get away as cheaply as possible.
In other words let's go out make the big hit grab the money and run that's a bottom line and it cost money to do that so we don't care the fact that we've got the whole staff practically sitting there in one place like a target.
Okay. Which is something else to think about because here are these hundreds of people milling around.
This is the same sales manager by the way after we did the remote at the diplomat mall in Halendale after we received $50 million worth of free publicity for this radio station about the early bird dinners in Halendale and the whole business who comes in here with a straight face and says to me.
Well, I need a we like to this going to be a lot of fun. We're going to take out the century village and let them let's raise some money for radio aid.
And we'll let them bob your you for apples. We'll let do a dunking contest with you and let them throw apples at you.
I mean this man needs to be put into a straight jacket and locked away somewhere right.
I mean I got a much better idea. Why don't we just get the sales manager to go out in front of this building. We'll go up 47th Avenue and we'll put me on one of those big wheels like the wheel of fortune.
You know, but like one of those big circular wheels you seen that with Sherlock Holmes. They used to do that to him all the time.
And they just put me on the wheel and we'll charge you a bucket shot. You know until somebody finally some good shot comes along and hits the mark.
Now speaking of hitting the mark. There's the guy we got to put on the spinning wheel right mark. You said it. Put him on there.
In fact, we're going to do two of them. We're going to have Mark Cue in the first wheel and Chris back on the second wheel. We'll do a quinella.
We're going to take him right on Palm Avenue and anybody out there wants a little target practice. Come on by folks. We're doing it right at high noon.
We'll show those bureaucrats a thing or two right now. They don't go out there and put their ass on the line. They sit in there. They're little bureaucratic meetings and you know, well,
she and we didn't got this high and we didn't got this tea. You know, I mean let's get serious put their ass out there on the line once.
Then what really was bad on Saturday after all of this then the show started that was really that was the worst.
Well, see the worst came after two o'clock. Most people don't even know about that part which I'll get to when I'm good and ready. You know what I'm saying? Then the show started.
Four hours of that 50,000 watts for four hours. You believe that those people over in Naples must have wondered if Russia was invading. Did I light up all the lights? Good.
Let's light up all the lights in a control room today. Lights that have been sitting there stagnating for years. All of a sudden will.
We'll bring them to life today like we're in an amusement park like we're in some kind of a carnival on them trying to see how many of those lights I can light up.
Do we get points for that? Do we add to the ratings when they come out? Spread them around to some of the other day parts from what I hear they might need it.
Spread them around the foul or he might need to borrow a couple to unbelievable. So now we go on the air and I guess there's not much I can say about that because nobody had anything to say and I couldn't hear anybody.
Couldn't hear anybody and then they kept saying well here use the headset and I put the headset on and then got real embarrassing because then I could hear it.
And I didn't want to hear it. I mean you know when you put the headset on and you hear you know you hear that you want to take it off immediately and I did I said hey listen I much rather sit here and just mumble.
And so while I did was I just signed those pictures for about two hours that killed a lot of time. Here you go. Get out of my way.
And I kept listening and nobody was saying anything and Ernie was running around doing his Phil Donahue imitation it was incredible until a pastrami in corn be for arrived and all of a sudden he pulled out his mizuzin was blessing it and just I have never seen anybody.
Pack it away like that man. No wonder he's so Jewish. I mean when you eat that much pastrami it's got to make every part of your inner it's blessed.
When they open up Ernie to do an operation they're going to find stamped inside his liver a little circle you on all of his organs I'm telling you even on that organ his wife told us the other day.
That it was like a little circle you I think she wasn't describing the emblem she was describing the size and of course Kathy West I mean I got news for you honey maybe you never stole a freight train but boy oh boy she was.
The one guy said it best he said she was a moron you know I mean he said it the best the one guy in the crowd he was he was right on target I mean Kathy is just hopeless.
How what's all this money for what are we called I'm worried about this so what is this like I'm going to take the money and steal it right like I went and bought my tires with the money.
Like I'm going to put 28 years in the business down the toilet on you know 300 and some odd dollars and by the way we appreciate all the people who were so generous and even the ones who were cheap you know.
Anything at this point would help. Did you get permission to play those tapes I mean you know here is a woman trust me what I tell you this who needs to have something in her mouth all the time just to keep her from speaking and I really mean that and whatever it is you want to put in her mouth you've got my permission because I got news for you boy the minute she opens it it just regurgitates.
God is she incredible huh and there was Taffy I believe in capital punishment and I believe you know as if anybody doesn't know already you know what I'm saying and she just kept saying it over and over again and we're just trashing her all over the place and she just sitting there repeating the same thing about Ted Bundy and she wants to pull the switch.
Oh God.
Mary you don't left early you know what I said he just disappeared he you know he just took off I don't know what his story was.
The bottom line it was an embarrassing four hours embarrassing this radio station owes an apology to the entire community for the abomination that broadcast on 940 on Saturday the Ernie Sochenshow we also apologize for the park but that's another story.
Did Ernie plug our campaign at all on Saturday no see he's got his own agenda if we had called it so far so Jewish then it would have been okay then he would have pushed it for five hours but he
would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and he
would have put it on the other side of the park and he would have put it on the other side of the park and the park and they would have put it on the other side of the park and they would have put it on the other bite of the oven and they would have put it on the other side of the park and they would have put it on the other side
again because boy I don't know how we do it. I don't know how we do it. It's a phantom
by word of mouth. But this show has so far demolished the competition. We have a seven
share in midday. A seven. That would be like having a 14 share at night. Our competition
put together has a four eight put together. WIOD in midday has a 2.4. WNWS in midday has a 2.4 share
of the audience. In other words we have on this show about three times as many people listening
as either of those stations do at any given time. Let's just make some more gutterable sounds for
a little while. Let's have a little celebration. It's like Saturday in the park by Chicago.
Have we got that? No. Even on the FN they don't have that. See you up. Well no wait a minute.
Didn't Terry Cath blow his brains out a few years ago from Chicago. See they play all the dead
artists on the FN. I told them that this morning I played a lot of Jim Morrison, a lot of
a Janis Chaplin, Jimmy Hendrix. And that's because they have the new brain dead format on Zeta.
And I told them they're on the right track now. They finally are getting with it.
How come I can't find them on the sheet? No, no, no, no, come on. They must have gone up,
gone down, come on. Well anyway the ratings are running. I want to belabor that point but as soon as
I can get a copy that I can read I will pass it along to you and let you know what's going on in
the market because Tom Jic is going to be here as a matter of fact on Thursday is it? Yeah,
Thursday the whole show from 10 to 2 on the 30th of April. And that's always a real barn burner.
Won't be great because we'll have the whole book by then and we can sit here and celebrate
and be self-indulgent. And what does that tell you? Sonny Rosenberg?
Wonder what Lee Fowler did? Of course we don't have the hour by hour breakdown. We only have the
day parts but I sure would love to see what Lee Fowler does from 1 to 3. He probably brings
Rand Taldon about a point and a half I would think. Well let's see. WIOD has a 3.1.
WNWS has a 3.5 and WINZ. We have a 5 chair. So on behalf of our brain dead management I want to
thank everybody out there because we really knocked them dead in his book. Now what is the sales
department going to be saying about that? Oh it's a fluke. It's another one of those flukes.
Nobody will believe it now. Forget it. I guess we're having bad shape now for another three months.
Isn't that what they said last summer when we had a 5-1? The fluke was in the fall. Right?
Not really but it sounds good. That was the fluke. I mean we're just killing them.
And after hearing Saturday's performance it's got to be mind-boggling isn't it? I mean the fact
that so many people are tuning in WIOD and Z. I mean just wait till we get some good people on the
air. Man then we're really going to knock ass in his town. You know what I'm saying?
Especially here in midday. Wait till we get somebody good in on this show.
Like Jack McDermott. Hello friends.
Okay now let's get to Bill Cosford's column. I would read you a lot more from the ratings but
Mark Hume made me copies here that nobody can read. He gave me these two real light copies.
If you want to know about WNVM they had a .7.
But Lee Fowler gets saved again. Can you believe that life had a 9? Doesn't that tell you a lot
about this market? Life had a 9. Can't believe that. How could we have had a 7?
In midday and still not the number 1. Did life beat us in midday? Oh yeah. Oh boy.
You know what they had in midday? They had an 11.6 share in midday.
You know what that means? It means that old-y old farts have turned on a lifeless in midday.
See we wanted to get rid of those people anyway. I mean nobody should advertise on that station
because all they do is play elevator music in the background. Nobody pays any attention to it.
If you waste a dime with advertising on WLYF you might as well be burning it because nobody listens.
In fact really there ought to be a log instead of whole thing because they get credit for people
who are in dentist offices and doctors offices, secretaries and you know they get a die.
Really put it down that they're listening to it. All it really means is that it's on in the
background. They're not paying any attention. If I got in the year on life right now and I started
ranting and raving. If I did the whole same first hour that I did on this show nobody would know
the difference. Of course there would have to probably be a little bit you know something in the
background. I'm serious if I did all the ranting and raving in the first hour. As long as we had that
in the background nobody would know the difference. Just imagine if we can do a seven
with the show that we've been doing if we would put this in the background let's see what's 11,
6 and 7 that's 18. We can put them together. Let's take over the FM what we'll do is we'll do
life out of one channel and my show out of the other channel. This maybe ink is out there running
around in the parking lot screaming and yelling. Can you just hear that? Now that would be a format
huh that would be a killer killer format. Get rid of them will you please with a violence?
Okay I want to get to build cost-friars column if I can. I'm sorry that we're taking up so much time
but of course otherwise you'd be listening to the boring callers. How loud Neil congratulations
you're the best. Stuff it lady that's all I can tell you you know I mean it's real nice all
compliments but nobody wants to hear that crap okay they want to hear somebody say something
and Bill Cosford I said before the news break that he's grown a couple of inches in all of our eyes
and from what we hear and of course Bill is kind of a short what is he about five seven?
Five three kind of a short kind of begin with and from what we understand from those who know
him the best take it or for another couple of inches can't hurt it would be a delicate way of saying it
and the headline in his column in yesterday's Harold brain police zero in on radio
quote warning this column contains words phrases and perhaps a concept or two that may be
offensive to some you know who you are stop here let us briefly consider Howard Stern
Howard Stern is a New York area radio personality with a foul mouth and a huge audience the two
are not unrelated if you haven't heard howard you cannot fully appreciate the nature of his
appeal though you can approximate it think of Archie bunker only a bit more scandalous and a
hell of a lot smarter Howard Stern is at the very epicenter of the decision by the FCC to warn radio
stations that certain things words in you window the radio equivalent of a lear will no longer be
tolerated Stern's show on morning drive time on an FM station that serves greater New York has
apparently drawn no complaints there but the shows simul cast into more tender Philadelphia inspired
69 letters to complain to the FCC what does Howard Stern do he tries as hard as he can to offend
people in the process since taking offense implicitly suggests a certain vulnerability he makes a great
many other people laugh a typical Stern routine is lesbian dilatate another is loving appraisal
of his on the ear side kicks breasts a third is the use of preteen euphemisms for body parts
clearly Stern show is a send up the comedy is directly from the school yard even to its delivery
which when Stern is on is a whiny snickering voice that reminds you of the days in your life
when saying kaka and boobs was a no no I think Stern is hilarious there's no accounting for taste in
any case we can blame this latest attempt by our own government to determine what will be allowed
we will be allowed to see or hear or read directly on Stern he has annoyed people it's possible
that the 69 a no ease were merely friends and family of Stern's rivals in the Philadelphia
broadcasting market but in any case the FCC has put him and everybody else who is tempted to broadcast
naughty on notice they are listening locally Stern has at least one ardent fan Neil Rogers not
coincidentally the most popular English language AM radio personality in San Florida has heard tapes
of Stern has been inspired to spice up his own act Neil now says douchebag more than he used to
and old fart like Stern Rogers has reacted to the FCC action by counter attack he has volunteers
from his audience stuffing envelopes with petitions and hopes to engage broadcasters across the
country in a protest unlike Stern Rogers prime intent is not to offend it still doesn't do to
cross him or even to bore him lest he grows a testy but Rogers is a talk show host rather than a
stick man he is also a prominent liberal voice here Rogers and Stern do share one of the
experience however and that is that some of the people who do not like them are not content to
refrain from listening but insist that they be taken off the air it is this small minority for which
the FCC is taken up arms as has become customary this latest free speech attack comes with save the
children justification as well as the community standards dodge we must protect children from radio
says the commission because radio is pervasive well yes assuming the kids have one in our listening
to it interestingly Rogers and Stern around the year during school hours when the five and over
is presumably are in class not huddled around the boom box as for the under five show me a four-year
old who skips Sesame Street for morning drive and I'll show you a kid with bigger problems than
nasty Neil and community standards the rating speak eloquently for those where Stern and Rogers are
heard they are tremendously popular the issue of course is not kids or community standards at all
its adults even if it were plausible that the likes of Rogers and Stern could pollute our
listening youth it would be then incumbent on parents to restrict the listening not on government
to limit adult listening to the norms of pre-kindergarten the issue is that some adults continue
to want to make other adults conform to a narrow idea of what is good for them few would deny that
Howard Stern pushes the limits or that Neil Rogers can be insulting can rile people few would
deny that either is capable of flirting with the bounds of good taste if not trampling them out
right so what isn't that allowed after all the FCC has said time and again that it is not concerned
with content after all of his said time and again under the Reagan administration that it wants to
deregulate broadcasting to remove it as much as possible from government control after all it is
indifferent to the advertise of assault on children during their prime weekend TV viewing hours
and says nothing about the waves of debauchery that boy the daytime soaps during the week
it cannot be a matter merely of good taste can it it can indeed in a heralded tutorial supporting
the FCC decision and in one of the saddest sentences I have ever read in this newspaper the game
is given away quote perhaps the decision will help define the bounds of good taste end of quote
and there we are good taste is defined by the federal government the same government that can
even run a simple central American gun running scam without screwing it up they are the ones who
will tell us what's in good taste and we don't have to do a thing we need a reem or two of petitions
Neil and hurry end of article by Bill Cosford in yesterday's Miami herald and I told a Lori
Sheffield today my producer I said let's send out a bunch more of the petitions to bill over at the
herald and knowing how gutsy he is he probably circulate him over in the building there at one
herald plaza they've got hundreds of people they've even got more people to work there than we do
here which is almost impossible even Sony doesn't have as many Japanese running around as we have
working in this building I don't mean Japanese I mean employees boy tapping you're really upset
but I think Bill Cosford for the con boards and he really hits it right on the head
and how about that line that one line in one of the saddest sentences I have ever read in this
newspaper is that really described that pathetic gutless herald editorial in essence what the
hero is saying hey yeah go ahead you can restrict what broadcasters can say and you can
determine guidelines for them but don't ever try it with us because we've already been into the
court with Pat Trinillo it will all right it will go into court over and over again with anybody
else who tries to take away our right to do whatever the hell we want but go ahead and regulate
everybody else because that's good for us it's good for business okay boy I've been rambling
on here like a lunatic 21 past 11 we haven't even taken a call yet should we now well let's give
the numbers out anyway in date county 624 0191 624 0191 and Broward 764 0707 it's 1121 at WINZ here
on a Monday morning we'll come back right after this 24 after 11 and WINZ we have a couple
lines still open and Broward all the data lines lit up immediately this morning is that incredible
we're on that pendulum again we're like a C song back and forth we got a lot of good hate from Broward
this morning but we still have two open lines here 764 0707 and Broward what that's incredible
all of the first call is from Pembroke Pines hello good morning yes yeah I was at that mess
at any morning at pumpa nex well I apologize sir yeah especially for that idiot in the street but
it's not worth even to talk about him it's just one funny thing that happened I also came to
the park later on of course I didn't pay but after everything was over two o'clock when everyone
left yeah I had stood around I was talking to some other people and I saw the barricades were
the wildest lettuce all the old food that was left over yeah well they don't know but we poisoned
all of that before we left we sprayed it with piracuade I mean they were taking like the radio
copy the papers that were on the floor yeah I mean they like animals animals through everything there
yeah really incredible but we enjoyed your show and just my wife and I are concerned and the
station should be very concerned that you know your your health and well-being going on to the
public yeah well they're very concerned about me now because the rating the book just came out now
all of a sudden they're all uh patting me on the back and running in here and peeing all over my
shoes I just had to change my shoes during the commercial break so uh they'll be real nice to me
now until the next book yeah and if the thing uh uh Kathy West I think you're too easy on her yeah
I'm gonna start I know more no more Saturday stick with her I'll tell you that you've heard the last
of that sir thanks okay that's a good work thank you okay we have an open line in date now two
of them as a matter of fact somebody just passed out when they heard about the seven share who was
out on the line was that Al's mother six two four oh one nine one is our number in date count if we
have anybody alive and breathing I mean how the hell could we not be you know setting them on a
fire this morning even just the guttural sounds we made were more exciting than Sandy's guest six
two four oh one nine one let's go to Miami hello good morning Neil how are you okay Neil I've
been a listener to talk radio for quite a long time this is the first time I've called I would say
that the state of talk radio here in this city is quite lacking I know that you have some
differences with other talkos and other stations but I'll tell you to summarize it briefly I believe
that you were quality I believe that Steve is interesting and that Al is interesting but beyond
that you could take the rest and flush them down the toilet and it would make no matter the rest
or mediocre at best they just don't seem to have the sharpness or the wit to keep the format
interesting no matter what they're discussing well first of all the idea that anybody who's
breathing is a radio talk show host is an insult to the business and to the audience and unfortunately
there are people in this market in a position the higher folks who have slapped the audience in the
face by taking people off the street or taking people out of positions in which they were totally
unqualified to become talk show host and say proof you were a talk host and I got news for you
and I don't have to tell you it doesn't work well I can't make gold out of chop liver I'll agree with
you there let me ask you one question about you know would you take a shot let's say it's somebody
at your own station how do you get along with them off the air let's say you see them in the hallway
no I can't you got to understand this as the godfather said you know you can't take it
personally it's business and I like all of the people here well most of the people in the building
all of the people on the air I get along with well and we all you know speak we don't
sleep together or anything but we're all friendly and we all I think like each other but in terms
of what some of them do on the air or in terms of some of their subject matter what I say on the
air is what I really believe and do they how do they react to you when you see them off the air
there's no problem there's no hurt feelings let's say with Kathy for instance what you said
today would she you know well I have no idea but I mean what she did to me on Saturday I wouldn't
do that anybody I mean even somebody on another station I mean we just the here were involved
you got to know where to draw the line when you're doing something that's humorous that's great
but when you're doing something you believe in and you're trying to really rally people around it
and she sits there's an where's all that money going I want to know why do we need money for this
you know and she was serious she wasn't joking she was serious I mean that was about as funny
as cancer well I'll tell you the program that you're referring to I listened to oh and I was very
disappointed when normally at least when you have a group let's say in a studio you don't have as
many outside distractions but I'll tell you something when they were taking questions from the
audience half the time you couldn't even hear what the questions were yeah and it seemed like
there was no scene running from one segment to another yeah just like odds and ends coming up
everybody had a lot you know nobody wanted to say anything Saturday and I just I felt like I was
just drowning like I wanted somebody to throw me a life preserver and I just couldn't believe
what was going on but I think it may have served one useful purpose because the powers that be
around here have learned from that debacle that we will never again do one of those so-called
remotes all of the shows are going to be from the studio they spend a lot of money to build beautiful
studios here and the acoustics are great and everything works and at least most of the time
and that's that's where we need to be and you know what's important is how many people are listening
not to have a couple of hundred people running around making noise waiting for us to throw food at
them you know and but again most of the people were there were real nice on Saturday but it just
doesn't sound good and my final comment I'm a law student and until I entered law school you hear
talk of the constitution you hear talk of rights but you really don't see or realize the importance
of those rights a lot of times until you see how the case law has developed when the government has
tried to take away those rights from you yeah and I'll tell you I have come to appreciate the fact
that although defendants let's say may be protected by search and seizure laws those are designed
to protect you and me not the defendant and I think that for I think the people or the citizens
in this country should take a course to teach them about the value of free speech how important it
is to for you to be able to give that speech when people disagree with you yeah when it's important
it doesn't matter when everyone's in agreement or ever it's going to lapse up what you're saying
there are a lot of people missing the whole point on this latest thing with the FCC they think it
all has to do with Howard Jern a stern and so-called shock shocks and doesn't have anything to do
with that it has to do with whether the commissioner any branch of the government can censor and keep
limiting our right to free expression it's got nothing to do with shock shocks well no one should
be surprised that voted for Reagan because it was clear from the outset that his intention was to
quote let's say cleanse the country from Edwin Miest an attorney general to say that the United
States Supreme Court decisions do not carry any precedent or authority to his release on pornography
to the prayer in public school issue to the stance against abortion every one of these are infringing
on a personal right of the public and those who voted for him should not now complain when they
see those rights disappearing one well that's true but the rest of us don't want to lose a meter that's
the problem exactly i think that uh... we need to send a clear message to Washington okay election
rolls around thanks for calling it's eleven thirty two at w i n z we have an open line in day six two four
oh one nine one and we have a real fan online for in my m e hello
hello yes you are the most miserable outrageous
clear that is working for a call after the might the the w i n truth the mimey her old man
my health right all no good hooks and i could prove it by giving me a chance to talk to the world
we'll have to ask as long as we have guys like Ruben ever proven guys like
different hooks that's in the commission post in the my amy
lose the my amy's health that all the bunch of hooks i have proved that before and i'll prove it
again when i get over w i n g you take anybody that trust w i n g is crooked and anybody that
takes a tape from them is crooked and anybody that gets a tape from the hell is crooked and the move is crooked
is that it sir oh here what i oh okay i fell over the world when you know out of your system sir come
on put the tube in a little further come on to me you've been answered that what
i
speak up sir speak up
no camera
and i'm telling you
what the idea is crooked i'm the right there to go with me
no just crooked
let's look like broken tape off
that's gotta pay off where do we come what do we do
that's the public here's me say what i'm saying to you
that's clear
i have never been to a prostitute come up and i am not or have ever been in homosexual
speak up sir i can't hear a damn your sound
my friends here i can't see i said that no i have an overrated square
and you're working for crooked after i love you i am peace
and you can't trust him
but i am a hell no no no
someday we hope to know that we can't stop the story
before you send us saved by grace
you
go ahead sir you're on a roll come on this is america
did he hang up he hung up can you believe that they ran out of material
okay well we certainly can't accuse me of not letting him have his say man i'll tell you
got it all out of his system and it's all over the transmitter now what a mess
1135 at w-on-z one of our fans out there uh we'd like to get his address we've got a guy
who'd like to take care of your uh tires for you this afternoon six two four
oh one nine one is our number in date we're going to come back and have a little lunch
from pumperniks right after this don't
want to congratulate the jack mcdermott and the people over at w-k-a-t for their one share at night
they write 27th in the market 27th out of 30
pretty good huh pretty good jack okay 21 before noon at w-on-z let's go to hollywood hello
well yes i've been scattered from hollywood and uh you want to talk about your restaurants i think it's
well i have a little more about the people in restaurants have bad experience about them
let people know where good restaurants are to go to and i'm going to get ripped off and yeah
you know we do these shows every once in a while we didn't want a few weeks ago and we ask people
where the really good restaurants are but i'm going to tell you something it's uh it's like
looking for a needle in the haystack in this town there is more garbage for a square inch in
term what's called food in this town than you're going to find anywhere i know i took my wife off
to one knee uh fratting out and my son and the mom comes up from the chair and says what kind of
back of her stool where we are sitting that i was it you just left the place and i didn't even buy
the bag of the food and i just thought that you got to check this place you got a nice one around
here oh hey hey hey i know we know we can do to get rid of them though and you know something
even the mice won't eat the food there yeah probably not true we know we know we had a bad
a couple bad experience that restaurant but i'm not uh i tried to find one good enough to go to
and yeah if they had more people around who were up in the restaurant but people know where
the food's good and what it serves is good or you get some places where they got to rely
on your washing hands yeah this month at least it's uh try to find us we don't even bother eating
out anymore here so much about what they do the food in the back yeah well listen maybe we'll find
one or two today okay all right we do let's put it over here okay thanks a lot bye bye good luck
okay we have an open line and yeah there are a lot of Mickey Mouse restaurants all over this town
i mean it man you say okay let's go out and find some place and you think unless you're living
away out in the boondocks somewhere shouldn't be that hard and you drive around and around and around
and you see these same prefabricated and all the fast food junk food places and uh
boy it's impossible and another thing i'm getting real sick of is unless you're in a mood for
Italian or Chinese is there any place else to go i mean i love Italian food and i love Chinese food
but you can't eat it every day we've got seven million Chinese right there you tell me
that you have to have me or you need a radar channel remember it
so all of the other things are out there you know you just have a message yes i have calling you
from payphone um i'm catching a new flight to la i just want to check it and find out what your
ratings were before i left for the week you mean you didn't hear it no i'm at the airport here oh
well it was a nice even figure seven okay how is that compared to uh your other morning competition
well let's see i'll rent uh w n w s and rantel had a two point four
and w i o d and sandy pay net of two point four so it was like uh that's tragic like triple either one of them
congratulations thank you also want to go over tv Smith Park Saturday really i had a very good time
while i'm glad you somebody did i was very surprised he was some of the hosts actually look like i know
that's why we're not going out anymore
taffy was much better than i expected taffy yeah taffy's a nice looking woman
taffy was a lot worse than i expected yeah well taffy keep okay well i don't i've just
got them both confused now taffy west she's insisting on doing this tiny timber routine you know
and she's got that frisley hair and that big hook nose you know she can't help herself
and uh Ernie was a little older than i expected to
Ernie is real old believe me he he claims to be 51 on the air but i think put another few
years on it like ten or fifteen you're closer to the truth and i noticed he kept bumping his
rocker into the microphone yeah in fact Ernie was talking about the boar war all the Jewish
veterans from the boar war the other day what are you going to be doing another live broadcast never
never again you never again that bad oh the worst the worst oh by the way how much money did you
end up picking up for so far that afternoon between three and four hundred it was great well
and you count maybe at 200 people there that's not too bad but we had more than that because we got
350 signatures on the petitions all that's good then but you know really when you stop and think of
it if it would have been in a different kind of a place where people didn't have to pay to get in
and where they knew how to find it we could have five thousand people on Saturday i was really
surprised i expected to see much more of a crowd yeah well we don't like to promote things we'd
like to keep in real quiet you know but it was fun and i did have a good time for pines for a day great
congratulations on your ratings thanks a lot have a safe trip were you coming back i'll be back in a week
okay well let us know what's going on out there okay take care yourself good day okay seventeen
before noon at wion z we have an open line in date six two four oh one nine one now that the book is
out i'm going to start talking like Brian Cumble you know i mean why should i go through the effort
of moving my lips you know when you're real smug and complacent you know just sitting kind of mumble
you notice he never moves his lips man he is the laziest the most talk about laid back you know
usually in the morning you don't want somebody screaming at you early in the morning but you'd like
somebody who's a little bit lively not too much but a little bit lively to keep you awake and
Brian is like station breaker today on vc you know he just he just doesn't move and i guess
everything in life even so because used to be when he worked for nvc sports and used to do the
pregame show on the baseball games he was always out in a crowd like you're down on the field when a
crowd was making a lot of noise like mike adamley who used to play for the bears same kind of thing
a screamer a real screamer well we're down here on the field joe you know that kind of thing always
screaming and i think a Bryant just kind of left his voice at Yankee stadium and now he just
said there any mumbles any barely moves his lips uh... he's great my any good morning
morning now i i listen i uh... i heard you on the uh... zeta this morning really you were the one
listening huh well the thing is that i listen to you on occasion i've called you a couple of
times my mother got me uh... starting to listen to you but anyway the only thing about this morning
is i resented once you started your show that you had made mention that you are near at the fm
and you said that uh... but their listeners don't care because they're all on drugs anyway
i resent that because i do listen to zeta
however i want to know why let's just say most of their own okay that better why would you let the
station
subject you to what happened at pumpernick and what happened at cb park well wait a minute you think
that i knew ahead of time that i was going to be like uh... out on a limb do you think that i
expected that i mean when we went to the diplomat mall in hallen veiled
we had a whole bunch of police and we had some off duty police and they had some security they
were prepared for some on-rally people to show up
and it was handled pretty well i think i assume that it would be the same the other day because if
there's too stupid to understand that there you know there are few people out there who are too
fond of me and i'm sure there are also some people out there who don't like spindle or
so it's in or taffy or catheter somebody you know everybody's got a few nuts out there who'd like
to take a shot at him and i would have i would assume that we were going to have some security
well how did the thing with uh... with uh... pumpernick's come about anyway i mean how did you happen to be there
did the station set that up also yeah our sales department set that up
oh i see and i have no idea what the purpose of that whole thing was i mean to me that was the most
mysterious thing other than to get my tire slashed i have no idea why i was even there
that's too bad that it's now so i'd you undoing any other remotes because some people do like to see
you and be able to talk to in person yeah well ordinarily i've enjoyed it in the past
if it's in the right setting and if you've got a lively group of people who've got something to say
or ask some interesting questions it's a lot of fun but unfortunately the sales you know i guess
now that these new ratings are out hopefully if this doesn't do it nothing ever will but it'll
make them realize that we're not talking just to people over the age of a hundred anymore you
know you remember they sent me out to the hallmark i mean that was a disaster it was an
unmitigated disaster and the whole concept the only reason i agreed to go there was if we were
gonna do something to try to get some younger people out there and get a mixed audience instead
of just talking to the people who live there over the age of a hundred and it didn't work out
their way that way because there was there was just nothing done to lure anybody else out there
and let's face it on a Wednesday afternoon at noon most most younger people are in school or
they're working or they're doing something that's right well i'll tell you all i wanted to let you
know as i did call back later this morning to tell you that we love you thank you and uh... one
thing to the uh... gentlemen uh... not not your last caller but the caller before he sounded like
one of the uh... he must have been the brother of the guy that was standing outside of pump
and excreting yeah if you don't like me or ragers don't bother calling
amen don't need people like him although i tell you one caller like him every day would be pretty good
well yeah he actually does stir things up but he's a jerk okay anyway keep up the good work
c later
problem it's before noon at w i n z we have an open line in brown or it's seven six four oh seven
oh seven we discovered on saturday by the way what we haven't got a lot of contest for hot
hunk contest for the uh... tract of young ladies and men
because our audience boy generally speaking is pretty ugly you know the host of
ruggly so naturally the audience is going to be pretty ugly i mean there were nice people don't
get me wrong
and there were a few people there uh... not too many
who were very attractive in fact uh... what was her name
a miss pemberk pines she was a very attractive young lady
uh... she was only fourteen an earning was trying to attack her right there in a park which was
embarrassing but uh... generally speaking man it was a pretty motley looking group
she would take another call from hollywood hello hello yes hello well yes this is the first time i'm
calling good and i'm i want to know how my child you're you show thank you and this morning i
got the biggest laugh when you start to talk about the nicks up in tenbrook by
oh boy we were there for our rest of the day this Saturday night
i had a friend of mine that this weekend with his wife and he said the same thing he said it was a
nightmare i'll tell you i never in my life ever ever went to a restaurant that there
that there was so stupid stupid the wagers the harses when the right hand didn't know that
the left hand was doing yeah and you should have seen what the left hand was doing
i wonder the first writers came over and asked me what we would like
so i thought i would like a bell or cold boss without cream and a blow up a
potato well twenty minutes passed by i don't get
lost and then another wagers convert he says will you please tell me what you
wanted because the wagers didn't understand what you were talking about
well and my husband ordered stuff cabbage and you should see what he got
well it was a disaster yeah and not only that we got a bill that was a
grand finale i don't know how to wear these girls went to school they left a
high to eat they couldn't subtract and i bet you they can't even multiply
i've heard people we had we whatever we ate came to our fried dollars and change
well we worked out of there we were hysterical and it was for raster our complete disaster
now these people better straight up or they're going to be in a whole big bunch with trouble
yeah i can't see them making it too long there boy because it's it's the royal market
it's a royal market cafeteria with a different sign on the door that's all
oh god well anyhow when i heard you talking about public this morning i was
roaring yeah just roaring and i just had a call you and tell you how i told about the place
okay well listen better luck next time thank you very much it's nice it's been nice talking to you
thanks a lot bye bye bye
now i'm my street there's a doubt we the others got some kind of noise
if the hangar and onions don't kill you don't buy a whole bague to your side
gotta sweat down proof fair facts ever knew your boys need to believe their connections
okay it's eleven fifty two at w i n z we have one open line somebody just expired from the
smell of the smoke fish on issue we have one line they're inbroward seven six four
oh seven oh seven anybody has any questions about the radio ratings boy i'm gonna
all right here in my hand if you want to hear about any of your favorite shows who's gonna lose
their job well certainly be glad to answer those when we come back well that a burrow's got a
sense of humor you know he makes up those traffic reports i don't want to lift that out of the bag
he just makes him up okay let's see let's go to Miami next hello hi hi hi
hello cally day i've been waiting in way before you're such as your i can't wait till 10 o'clock
in the morning i know oh oh are you something else anyway did you have to go party for them much
a whole time i've been holding on the phone did i have to what party party yeah or something
boy was cally when he was come brook it was this one it was that one that's okay i love you
period and i take you put everything on the table yeah we put it all on table and then
people the animals come up and they grab it that's what happened Saturday yeah i was so bad
i felt so bad about that i didn't know what to do i told my look at that he's doing such a good
job and why and that's not the first time with you right not the first time what what's your car
oh no it's getting to be a regular habit you know one week they try to break into it and they
break the estering column and next week it's the tires i'll tell you it hurt us both my husband
nice this is my first time but i wanted to talk to you about that remember the last week about
spoken don't big fat cigars yeah and then the next day white had a column about nobody's spoken
things and god knows what and you know he up he's a reformed speaker a reformed breaker yeah he's
a reformed human being man right i just want to tell you now we know him and i'm so disappointed
with him i don't need one of these cars yeah it's enough to make your screen right keep it up
keep up to good work we love you okay man well that's our slogan here at wins keep it up
you're listening to lifeless
now you'd be good on their mic you have the perfect voice for lifeless i don't do my job as well
when i was constantly not be good never be great you involve acid
those were the littlest voices the music of your life ladies and gentlemen this is lifeless 94
the music that you adore here's good old chain morgan oh he did it again he did it again
no tell rickshaw okay we're at the end of the star i can't stand it i used to like that song but
it's getting to be nauseating that's like syrup it's like going into a diabetic coma in the middle
of anton mime is pancake house okay when we come back uh we have what is what is so funny in
there man if i could get the audience to laugh the way that you're cracking up i'd be i'd have a 20
share i've had the radio on in the newsroom all morning long we're just cracking up are you really
right you're on a roll why you're listening to leaf honors ratings that is pretty funny man you get
down to numbers that small i think that's put everyone in a good mood yeah hey lee i know you're
listening baby and we're sorry we're sorry that you couldn't break a one this time but man keep
it up pal keep working away with those raunchy sex poles and did you do it on the transmitter did
you do it on the wall and by the end of the summer man you ought to be in kia kakaoah okay Michael
Wolf is here with local and area news headlines and both sides of the cbs news and this is a part of
the station where we really get respectable down and dirty and then we'll come back at 10 past 12
with more of the anil ranger show taffy mccalam is coming along today at two and boy they have
really whipped the daylights out of her man they have whipped her into shape and from what i
understand it's going to be a whole new deal at two now many more news room if you'd like to call
Neil down 7640707 in brodered or 64 1191 in date and now here again is Neil Roger 10 minutes after 12
at w and z we certainly hope you have in a wonderful life out there in radio land in spite of it all
here in south florida the home of the walking dead the brain dead and the ungrateful dead and we
did lose well our flashing as long as they keep flashing folks that's all accounts i'm not going to
give the numbers i will give the address again for so far we thank our lady friend who's in the
kitchen right now stuffing envelopes and we think everybody who's getting involved in sending
those checks don't forget we need money because we want to raise several thousand dollars
for a variety of purposes for so far the most important being to take out some newspaper ads to
take out ad not only locally but i'd like to put one in the wash and in post of the new york times
that cost a lot of money and we'd like to raise money and they just make the checks out to so far
and also of course your stamp self-addressed envelopes for these petitions mail them to so far
care of Neil Rogers w and z my m m is it is 3 3 0 5 5 so far is the acronym for save our first
amendment rights we are sick and tired of the FCC and the rest of the Reagan government
trying to take away more and more of our rights and of course once they take away the first
amendment rights who the hell knows what's going to be after that and i think a Mike Spindell
for his help yesterday on his program and hopefully some of the other people in the market
we know that some of the fm folks are getting involved and again i think the people at zeta 94.9827643 for
having me on air show a little bit this morning at nine to uh promoted and uh let's really get
to ball go but the mail has been phenomenal i mean it really is building like crazy in fact the
volume is increasing every day and we're hoping to really get a lot of people involved okay and
the meantime we do have one open line if you'd like to join us here today we have open phones
still two thursday tom jica is going to be here the radio tv editor the mimey news and boy is
that going to uh gonna be a lot of nervous people in the market huh i guess tom's going to be
tinkling all over kneel again for those ratings because you know that incestuous relationship we've
got i've got so many relationships you know bill cost-fired and tom jica linda thorton is not
what somebody said and followers showed the other day then linda licks my tochus didn't she say
that what a disgusting thought i'm sure for linda especially but uh we're gonna have tom here
on thursday and we'll really go into that book and we'll digest it and spit it out and just do
a wild number with it fort lotterdale hello hi niel how you doing today great good i was out there
saturday and i did pick up a petition yeah and i were gonna get that thing back to you filled up
right but uh anyway i just some comments on saturday uh i i was starving to death on the way
over there and uh stopped by that restaurant and uh locked in there and it smelled so bad like
like they like they were frying b o or something yeah well that was on the menu fried b oden to see
that uh we didn't see it together had an early bird on that but we didn't eat there but uh i
say one thing uh you know we didn't eat there and now it was just too disgusting but uh anyway
just some comments on saturday uh we were surprised that early looked more alive than he actually sounds
and that that was that was one of the big east uh well i think god gave her any of brain
transplant last saturday i think he did something for him yeah well you know definitely uh it's
better to see him than uh to hear him sometimes anyway we're surprised taffy was uh we expected her
to be very uh overweight and uh are you serious yeah boy taffy i bet you doesn't weigh any pounds
yeah well she was uh now she was a lot better looking than she sounds yeah that seems to be the general
consensus and of course uh you know her looks aren't much either so what is that tell you about the
cathode was she eating a lot i was trying to not look at her because she embarrassed me so badly
in the first part of the show that i just kept trying to ignore her yeah well we were trying to
ignore all stuff but we kept seeing her hand go from the uh trade to her mouth was constant well
she's uh can't he's always upset if she doesn't have something in her mouth anyway uh you mentioned
you know you noticed by the way we had a few volunteers in the crowd when i mentioned that on saturday
oh yeah some of those young guys boy they were just a good thing we had the barricades there
i know they were ready they were ready to climb over the ropes yeah and uh also uh you mentioned
that there's no good place to get a stake have you ever been to root crisis
no you mean a federal highway yeah it's really excellent really see i'm at this point i'm ready to
travel high and far and i'm not i'm not trying to be a malcontent or to try to be you know mr.
sour grapes but they're just are so many bad places and generally when you go to a like when i
go on vacation and go someplace for the first time like when i went to Hawaii i never got a bad
meal no matter where i went i got a good meal and i what did i know you know i just walking off the
street in a place it looks pretty good and they were good yeah but uh the whole thing about this
place is it's expensive i mean it probably uh it's probably like a stake is about 20 bucks or
22 dollars but it's the best stake i've had in Florida and uh and and i think actually i even
think it's better than birds but it doesn't have that type of a menu where you can you know pick
the size and so forth yeah but it is really good well i've never been i've never been in the size
you know not interested in that okay Neil well i just wanted to let you know there is one good
place for stake and that's it okay appreciate it right okay Ruth chris that's on federal highway
that's up there by that um moi lee the chinese restaurant up there that's pretty good too
1216 now listen don't get panicky we're not going to do another restaurant show because last time
we did that a few weeks ago a lot of the young suits out there got all bent out of shape about that
probably because they tried a couple of the restaurants that some of the people in the audience
recommended i wish you could have seen this guy it was a nice guy i don't want to put him down
but here i get to the park on saturday i've just had all my tires slashed i've been in the middle of
this bizarre experience at pumper snickers and i have no idea what the hell it was all about
and i get to the park and here's this guy and he's just all over me about duffs
you know why would anybody want to spend more than two seconds talking about duffs
and he kept sloshing his teeth around in that glass it was disgusting okay next caller is on a mobile
phone hello yeah you're doing them okay i don't know if that's good or bad but i am anyway
getting back to the restaurant if you want a real good stake uh the pond is i find excellent
the palms that's the palm the palm it's uh on day off of the village it's uh it's from new york it's
actually a new york restaurant it's down here yeah um don't let her any hear about that
well what can i tell you but that is i mean a flight at stake down they flight a lot to the
town i need sex with roofed Chris they have good state but they have so inconsistent and
ridiculous i was there once they picked up over a three hundred dollar tier because the service
really really well what is their problem i don't know i mean i i must have been in here about ten times
uh added the ten times the food's been good i'm not going to say what their service is at
trotious yeah i mean really at trotious and back kind of money in other words it's a nice place to
visit but you wouldn't want to eat there that's right if you want a good state come tell on you
i mean mom he's to me that nobody mentions the palm down here let's see it so far for me i mean
i don't live anywhere near there i live up in no man's land at least right now in a few days i'm
going to move again i think i'm going to start moving every week i live in plantations oh really
yeah and it's worth the trip well are you familiar with all these new developments like
alos prados and all these others where you can't get in if you make over a certain amount of money
because they're financed by bond money right uh they're like dozens all the new places in
plantation if you make more than forty eight grand a year they can't rent to you there's not
nothing that you are now yeah it's unbelievable i mean i never heard a such
discriminate i've heard of people who can't afford to live in a place because they don't make
enough money but whoever heard of being turned away because you make too much money i can't believe
it's a plantation city council i've got yeah oh yeah all of them about 90% of the new developments
in plantation are like uh middle class sued places where you can't make more than a certain
amount of year they can't rent to you what you're telling you is fine to move out that huh
what you're telling me is this time to move out well what can i say i got a place i found a new one
okay good thanks a lot the way to write fine i hope my landlord's listening to that i don't even
know if he's uh maybe he's left town see that just like this guy from pumper nicks can you believe
we are leaving the park on saturday at two o'clock he comes by us in christianic the salesman rolls down
a window and says we're on our way back to pumper nicks will meet you at your restaurant okay he never
comes back he's like charlie on the mta he never returned you know like he got on the metro rail
something and he can't get off like it's on a he's on a revolving roller coaster and he can't get
off i'll show you how hyped up i am today i've already crossed out the second break on my law we
haven't even done the first one yet and i've already crossed out well that's what happens when
the ratings come out you know you get these as a wild numbers and again uh thanks to everybody out
there for supporting a free speech and supporting this show and i go through all that corny stuff
every time what can i say this is a good show you know i can't i can't help it it just in some days
it's better than other days some days like today it's boring but we can't do exciting shows every day
i want to thank especially i feel like one of those people up there at the emis or the oscars
or the golden global awards of those stupid things especially i want to thank jean stevens because i
know you know a halendale bit was good and sunny rosinburg and intendola they helped a lot but
jeano without you and post-time USA we could have never done it trust me okay 20 minutes after
12 at w-on-z that'll make him have indigestion for the rest of the month we'll come back right after
this the 12 23 at w-on-z you know i just look at these numbers and i realize it's probably an
anything right we don't want to get to win with these ratings because the audience doesn't care right
they do al's mother cares you know the cheat threatened the quit if they had me at pump
her next the other day she's a waitress there and she threatened the quit shame on you
Mrs. cue anyway i'm looking at the w-snews numbers boy followers in a lot of trouble you know
something they did pretty well in the morning they did mediocre at night whether down of a four
nine at night but wouldn't you think that the big drop would have been in the afternoon where
the eight million dollar man where we're a cane left they had a three four that's about what he
gets all the time right the big drop over there was from 10 to three that's Alison Lee
major catastrophe there in the midday day part but the Craig i guess kept things up there the
afternoon that's because the crowd that likes to have the positive in the afternoon they turn
in there from three to seven because they want to hear only positive they don't like all his
knocking of our hosts they know what it's like to go by royal castle and not have 25 cents of
pocket friends all friends you don't know what i mean when i tell you this i don't know what i
mean because i don't know much of anything i think what we need to say bill will banks
Janet Reno and Ellis Rubin on together wouldn't that be hell of a show you notice that's the new
kick now everybody's doing these crime shows and judge bloom we get him on the same panel over and
over and over and over and over and over again boy you think that the audience was in a coma six
months to a year ago just wait if this trend continues in this market my any hello hi any how you
doing okay congratulations for your rating thank you you know that someone a channel 10 likes you
i know Ron sacks likes me he'd take all over me on the phone this weekend i know Friday he did
he commended you for your work with uh... favoring our first amendment right yeah that's what i
heard on the editorial yeah he agrees with me wholeheartedly and then some yeah listen i want to
agree with uh... one of your call is about the palm restaurant yeah all great if you order the
prime rib it's excellent excellent and milk in your mouth really that good uh
when you can use a butter knife on it to cut it it's humongous so about the size of a 12 inch
over plate really and expensive that sounds pretty erotic and it's pretty expensive too okay well price
is no consideration you know when you're last of the big time spenders i don't care about that
yeah but it does takes your excellent there and the services excellent good no problems
all right that's all i just wanted to say because i uh i didn't get to listen to your show on Saturday
boy you're lucky man trust me you didn't miss a thing you know because i was too busy working so good
you know okay thanks a lot welcome bye bye okay i hope a lot of people didn't hear the show on
Saturday maybe they were all busy i think so you notice now the town is pretty well cleaned out
there's nobody here now spring break is over did you see that headline in the uh sun sent
no yesterday i mean is that pathetic or what oops oops fort lauderdale uh powers that be our
reconsidering you know like uh won't you please come back we're only kidding kids we're only
kidding don't you have a sense of humor please come back and spend your money here like young people
are that stupid right they're really going to believe that here we have a couple of open lines we
have one in each county in date county six two four oh one nine one and we have one open line
and brownered at seven six four oh seven oh seven i have never been to a prostitute
and i am not or have ever been a homosexual my name be tello hello hi hi nil i was just
taken by those birds in the background that was great i have five of them i called um i'm a
hundred great and we're still living and breathing out here there are some of us who are under a hundred
on my amy beach i love those birds you know something to me one of the most peaceful things is to go
out like i was out in the side lawn here at the station on uh friday i think i went out for a
couple of minutes and the birds were chirping out there and it was real quiet wouldn't you just
like to get away and just sit and listen to that for about an hour someday just just to uh come back
down to earth yeah i would listen i wanted to make a comment about this uh thing about the fcc
yeah they're so worried about talk show hosts and people expressing opinions that happen to be a
little too close to the truth and they're not worried i was watching 60 minutes last night and they
have this this guy who is sentenced to two life sentences who they pulled after eight years the
Austin choker the old man oh yeah they're not more women yeah okay they're so uh concerned about
radio they're not looking they're looking to protect uh criminal rights you know and there's so far
off base yeah this man went out and choked two more women well i think what they're hoping to do is
that he'll run into the guy that they lit out in california that they tried to send to florida
and that he'll cut his arms off you know i mean that it's just incredible it's mind-boggling
they're just so misdirected yeah and one other thing i wanted to say uh like i said we've
listened to your show for quite a while and it seems like the people like that man who got his
sterile on the phone earlier ummm that your listeners seem to fall into three categories the ones
that you speak the truth about get real upset then you have the ones that call you up and patronize
and they're the ones who they get upset too but they choose not to you know rent and rave on
on the air yeah they rent and rave off here right and and then they call you and say oh me how i
think that's so wonderful and then you have the middle of the road people that listen in a
astonishment like my friend and i and uh it's just unbelievable we were thinking of going out there
to see your show and now i'm glad we didn't it's a shame that you can't do remote shows you know
here's a talk show host that's willing to go out and past tense well what's willing to go out and do
shows and throw in uh uh comical music and be a little different and it's a shame now you can't
do it because people have to act like animals yeah it's just a shame well what can i tell you
and then they complain because so many of the hosts are boring or they go to sleep listening to them
they get somebody who who is a little lively and they spoil it well they don't want too much life
child they just want enough life to serve them a corn beach sandwich in that set
i guess so with mayonnaise okay well listen take care of yourself and take care of those birds
i will i love them yeah listen anytime you call i'm gonna know who it is
i'll give myself away by the birds okay see you later okay bye bye
let you luke-kron would go nuts in her house if he saw the bird seed huh
have her arrested those are marijuana seeds i know what i can tell it's his hearts mountain on the package
maybe we could redo the bird seed episode on here i guess that takes people back a long time
see i have to get used to the fact that there are a whole lot of new people listening to this show
thank goodness and they don't know about any of that old good stuff from the days gone by like my
bird seed episode where people sent me in bird seed and the general manager thought it was a pot seeds
and that was that was bizarre and it turned out he didn't have a pot to hiss in
where we go next to sunrise hello oh Neil how you doing i'm fine i'm one of those under 100 people
that are on my neoholic good uh at uh my fingers start to twitch if i don't hear your voice
between ten and two and that you know it could be a problem kind of like the water cronize syndrome huh
right uh you know one one of the bad things about listening waiting on the phone as you can't turn down
your uh some of your commercials that uh are annoying some of our commercials are annoying
yeah well that's true now that you mentioned it that they i don't know who does that uh
the yep uh uh seven bell yeah i don't know uh but uh he must uh stutter thinking
because the uh they have to ask the same question three times yeah i don't know what the point
it well that's because they they figure the audience in south florida when they put the spots on
another parts of the country they only ask it once but they figure that people here are brain
dead so they have to keep repeating it over and over again they've got a point you know well i
it it uh when i listen i i always uh you know uh we're not here commercials in tv to it i like
just talk back to the you know you know you you know you dope what's the matter you know that
i guess people think i'm crazy too uh you know and that the uh steering wheel or whatever
yeah yeah i yell at my steering wheel all the time oh i was uh boy this is
when they ask uh uh how long you think uh how can keep saying now that he's the most
listen to uh oh yeah that's interesting i think everybody ought to uh let's send out the
wynz alert i think that since the numbers are out i haven't read in my hand as a matter of fact
that tomorrow morning at nine if w snooze has the audacity to play that ridiculous cart about uh
rantelting south florida's most listen to talk show host that people are to immediately get on the
phone and let them really have it let's have a little little truth in promos and truth and show
introsley didn't they uh didn't you beat him last reading yes well how could he keep saying well
because uh leaf out in the truth are strangers i mean you know they have never met but this time it's
so it's so glaring i mean it's not even in the same ballpark well uh i don't know if they say
it tomorrow again somebody ought to really let him have what for i also wondering if you heard any
uh uh anything back from the uh uh people you sent the uh there's so far information out
of other cities and uh not not yet expect you if you have gotten any uh response at all i mean uh
well locally we have but uh you know it's a little too soon i hope this week we're going to start
hearing from around the rest of the country okay Neil we just we just started sending him out
last week okay thanks a lot okay speaking of rest of the market look at this Keith Allen of love
94 is calling because he knows Glenn Hills not here Keith hi Neil how you doing good i got your
invitation to your uh may 16th bash right i can't make it because i'm going to be an LA for a wedding
but i'll be there in spirit and i've got your uh your petition i'll be sending it around great
i um was listening to the fellow from the fcc and i thought it was one of the more frightening
things i've heard on the radio in a long long time especially the part where he was talking about
not only are they worried about the actual content but the inferences that the audience may pick up
right and the audience may be thinking a certain way and they can ascertain the fcc figures they
can ascertain what the audience may be thinking i think we're in real dangerous ground when we have
federal organizations like that they're going around spouting nonsense like that um it's like if
you read the grapes of wrath by john Steinbeck yeah and you might read it and say well that's a nice
book about the uh the okis fleeing the uh dust bowl of the 20s and 30s and another person may read
it and say no that's not about that it's about that but it's actually about uh the resiliency of
the human spirit against insurmountable odds now which is it about it's up to the individual right
right and nowhere does john Steinbeck write this book is about this that the other through his
creativity he expresses an idea or a feeling that comes through without him directly saying it
and if they're going to start messing with that uh they're they're tampering with something that i
think separates us from the lower life forms on this planet well you got to understand that most
of the lower life forms of the planet are in government and especially at the fcc once you get
up to washington that's you know about as low as you can go why is that well i don't know i think
they just gravitate toward it i don't know i don't understand i just i thought concerts article was
uh very good sensational he's a working at the hellendale digest now by the way
okay i'll call you back when Glenn isn't there
now Glenn's okay say hello to him for me are you serious yes why no i'm only kidding i'm just
baiting you a little bit here i don't know i mean uh you guys work together for a long time didn't you
i've known Glenn hill since 1973 well that's a long time that's long enough to have a lot of
disagreements that's that's true we have more than our share okay well listen i'll give him your best
and uh do whatever you can for us okay Neil thanks Keith okay Keith Allen there gloves 94 how do they
do in a book by the way oh we got a cauter in bokeh who's paying hello hello how you doing okay how
you congratulations on your rating thank you thank you it's sort of titillating me if i could say that
about this first amendment right because i just started listening to you about a month ago and i've
just got i don't know that much about the constitutional being on that so when i got some encyclopedias
and reading through it i found the part on the fcc commission and their federal government yeah
so i called them up down to my me office now it's about the one line that reads the commission also
regulates radio and television stations without censorship authority and he's danced around it
saying this and he got me a little upset so i called him uh one of your favorites the subhuman
douchebag and he goes oh you're with that Roger that's great that's really funny automatically in his
eyes i have a frontal lobotomy and that's it for me yeah that's great what i also called about
what's going on May 16th because i can listen and then and out the last week or so well out to be
honest with you it's going to change a little bit but may 16th we're going to have a big rally on
this well not not a rally i don't want to use that word but we're going to have a panel of the
people from radio in the market and Bill Tanner's going to be here and obviously somebody from love
94 will be here because Keith can't be and a couple of other folks and we're going to really try to
get all kinds of people involved in this thing and circulate petitions we're going to do it right here
at the station oh you and that's it to say you're going to do it at the station because i like to come
down there good that's on saturday may 16th and we're going to have a lot of security here
we're going to have 75 marines here with uzi sub machine guns some of them dappies friends or
no no some of my friends okay i said it for my petitions i've already got permission outside of
public which i'm going to set a little table up there for one Saturday they're going to let me
as long as they don't bug them they send excellent they get someone bring them down for you it's
a deal thanks a lot we appreciate it bye bye okay 22 before one at w1 scene i don't forget don't
let this thing drag those of you and i know that the overwhelming majority we still haven't sent
an even just your envelope but we also want you to uh send in those checks for so far make them out
to so fa are so far along with your stamp self-adreced envelope who Glenn is he's hiding okay let's do
our commercial break and we'll drag him out of the closet during the break 18 before one at w
y and z so tell me to keep down and really have one that small he gets so upset when i
claim on this said that he once roamed with key fell in true and he had the smallest unit
he had ever seen in his life i didn't say that yes you did i liked the way it sounds but i didn't say
okay don't get me into any more trouble today all right that goes in there going through the mail
some hate mail here you're missing it good we have a couple of the same people oh by the way here's
an advance on your uh this goes a little bit three dollars very nice thank you that's my sound
hey howard Rosenberg in north Miami howard says here's an idea for a great promotional bumper sticker
for my show neal rogers is right and that's great that is good but then he goes on to say your show
Saturday morning with Kathy Ernie was very funny oh boy so that what is that guy know right that
this past Saturday show yeah was embarrassing boy it was embarrassing it was that bad i really
think it was that bad i think you're being pretty hard okay let's find out folks was the show
that bad or what we do have one open line in date if there's a guy that split my tire six two four
oh one nine one oh look at this here's another nice letter from Nancy Daly instructor at KETV
Miami-Killian senior high it says the students were very enthusiastic about being invited on a
live broadcast to wionc i wish they could bring that group out yeah yeah because i missed them
well i didn't miss them i wish you would bring that group of kids back in here boy they'd never get home
i had my own little bus the magic bus just going through the mail folks so if you're busy doing
something else you know just go right ahead don't mind us so you really don't like Keith Erlin
how tell us about it um Keith was very instrumental in my firing at love 94 oh really we
he's gonna be good if you used to work for me when i was a pd so you knew there was some friction
yeah what how long do you say he knew me since 1973 that's probably right too long we had a yeah
we had a few they they had a two four in this book yeah sounds flat too good yeah sounds flat to me
like your music yeah they had a two one in the morning a two six two two and a three oh a two two
an afternoon drive pretty weak is that right oh boy and a three oh at night it's all with the jazz
oh my god yeah i think that's a big mistake oh they're not happy over there some old bag just
called up said Glenn hill is bad oh boy bad going here i'll give him a last year he's disgusting and
all he does is talk about other radio stations and where he used to work why can't he go out and
get a job himself we don't want to hear that douche bag we want to hear Neil we want to hear
something really interesting and educational uh oh by the way look at this we got the Bruce
singer has said a thing for petitions can you believe that all right i always like Bruce a lot
you know i mean just because he's a jerk is nothing to get upset about okay we got her
me from halondale hello yes the news is her being i'm the first one to call you told you about
the famous yeah i remember you were in the summer of 42 her being very honest we are this
and i'm very sorry about your bad experience that time i was running around doing a little
around for big daddy to write on love with and they just all love the guy now you love
anybody evidently i took my family there once together and there's five others and we found
very good but i didn't call you because of that and calling you because of puppy fields
thirty-eighth i don't know if you heard about her now i know i never hear about anything on the
catwalk there no one was a boy i wish you met at you what did i do to her now very
stunning off because he crames you not some people her station i did
a speciality more on jack mcdermott why shouldn't i
i listen to peppy because i can't fall people's radies i hope you will still do it for him
in about two seconds and at the time you'll the davis call him you'll the ratner
no go to davis she's the widow of penny davis who wrote ma or she
oh yeah yeah about eighty years ago yeah i knew them years ago there were great
and rondy players i have to put a name very well and from the lower column they'll tell back
our guest tomorrow will be johnny johnston
together or i should agree with you
haha good for you she thinks you're curious
hey tell that peppy to stuff it will you
haha i thought i was cute i thought i'd tell you another thing
i uh you're both
by the way we played we uh taped that show we have a tape of part of uh what peppy had to say
the other night you want to you want to hear it
if you want to play it why not okay listen i have never been to a prostitute
and i am not or have ever been a homosexual
are you serious is that incredible from peppy feels no less
boy she getting paranoid or what and another thing you're so right
i'm not fishing that's interesting i bet you did this morning from runnytail i was told
when to use oh about two months ago because your favorite rascal was so proud and i was so
yeah as a bigoted point in my life i know one more of these slice of fish
stable kept with a razor on a big old for 95 i complained to a manager he said well that's
what it is talk to him and the uh owners of what life came over and she's shrugged her shoulders
how they stand there i'll never know and one more thing i've been listening to your tapes
of your friends done i don't think i'm a like good thing going to shoes but he talked shy
in your shoes leaving and never well for the right price he could
yes Neil i quit working in the morning just listen to you
probably your greatest remark good i am talking to you keep it up sir
you keep it up and give peppy my best
i never go and thank you okay he calls him but i was strange he quit working to listen to this
show of course by the way don't bring anymore Howard Stern tapes in here seriously i mean it was
good in the beginning but it's like creating a frankenstein's monster you know enough is enough
yeah i know but i he's funny he's great he's making a lot of money but i'm bored with him already
so i quit bringing him to you it's other people then good given him to you oh by the way you'll
be pleased no calder found your tape what isn't that incredible where was it i don't want to tell
you yeah you might not want to touch it for a long time you know which one should we do the one
in four lotterdale who's had a long wait hello hello hi how you doing oh not too bad Neil
now i thought i had to find you something happened the other evening that uh it's got a bearing on
this fcc uh nonsense yes sir and they're excuse i was looking after a couple of kids seven years old
and eight years old and they brought up the subject to bad language and that sort of think
probably because of the media coverage it's received and turns out both of them knew all the seven
words and then some yeah and uh then i thought well let's let's see uh let's see what the kids
are today uh whether they use the words a lot i know i did when i was a youngster and i said i
asked them how do you use them a lot of school and he held his kids it uh oh yeah all the time
and then the seven-year-old said something i made me think he said that yeah of course we've got to
walk out language in front of adults that's right and i don't want to corrupt the morals of their
parents as soon as the kid walks in all the adults is so right you know we're going to cut out
the language and the kids are using the same language and as soon as the parents were
or an adult walks in they've got to stop the language as well right i think it's about time they
all got together and swore at each other no hey um well Glenn's there Glenn who
isn't Glenn that Glenn Miller he just came in he heard the k-a-t call it is mentioned yes
yes Glenn he's making guttural noises in the background again yeah um he figures the book is
out so we're safe today that they they'll leave me alone no matter what i do now in a great mood
today around here who is all the management well what are they in a great mood i did it
not single-handedly news did well yeah i've talked it did uh you know not great did okay
but uh where was the big uh bubble on this thing here huh right on this show folks yeah that was
what i predicted i predicted a six two they're all the management people are walking right hey we're
geniuses hey look at us man we got a five we got a seven in midday they didn't do who i can't say that
what are those numbers mean anyway you know seven means nothing to me i didn't know how it works
well a good number in midday would be a four that would be a real good number
does that make four people are listening for four people are listening in the post office yeah exactly
how does it work and how do they get out of it it's complicated they hand out diaries
and uh like and frank once got one and they just uh you know that's the way it works the tires to
who they had to i don't know the people they find at seven eleven and quarter bookstores and the
adult bookstores i don't know i want to ever ask me well listen you'll be next time sir trust me
okay well listen hang in there and uh thanks for your whatever that was okay fine thank you
for coming i'm gonna go back and work on the melt the mail that's in today why just because that
woman called in a ripped you now you know no the only reason i can't take it can you glen no the
only reason i came in here was to upset Keith Allen you know that was it really as small as you said
or he just exaggerating man i'll tell you if he's still listening he's gonna be embarrassed
always listening glenn held up two fingers you know like about an 18th of an inch apart
of course the real question is how did you know that's another interesting question keep you
know i never said that yes he did no was it bigger than that okay we've got some i'm gonna
leave now somebody in the olympia heights post office now maybe you can get a box over there hello
hello yes it's in the uncle for the first office good yeah i've got a few minutes i want to
tell you uh comments about your show on Saturday it was horrible right yeah i i i i i i think it
was embarrassing for you and it was embarrassing for the industry it was embarrassing for me it was
embarrassing for the station it was embarrassing for all of mankind i don't know i i don't know
it was it wasn't well planned terrible no it was just a mess it was a melange of mung and with that
that's my opinion it was a mucus membrane i just had lunch cool it oh sorry i like your
pieces there with uh oh you're yeah she said that i like your uh i beg your pardon sir
glenn held there uh his lashes not to hear my cheer i think it's so funny he likes me
i i make glenn a couple of pants i said deliver uh love 94 on um i know my army beach
yeah i'd like to be a a carrier there for a period time oh yeah
carrier of what sir um i'm sure you sound like it you sound like one of those people who goes around
breathing on the mail um my last name is mung really anyway um i think uh one of your
pair calls made a comment about someone you're advertising and i have to agree with him
well we don't discuss the sponsors here that's what puts the cornflakes on the table
i 80% of it is really bad that they didn't it's well we don't care as long as they're going to pay
for we don't care but listen have a good day and put the stamp in the right place will you please
right okay by the way we just had a cause matter of fact the key fellon was very upset just called
the newsroom back and this is what part of what kith had to say about your intemperate remarks
i have never been to a prostitute and i am not or had ever been a homosexual
okay it's i don't know about the first part
well 54 oh come on uh 12 54 at w-i-n-z number one half on a-m radio by the way the uh w-a-q-y
they have this enormous number in the morning what are they doing doing uh a mexican tap dance
in the morning or something over there that that calls for an investigation don't miss the 30
okay four minutes before one at w-i-g again our sincere thanks to gene stevens for making it all
possible we have a color on a payphone hello how you doing how you doing
how's your bad just pulled out the term like uh being a loyal winds radio spy at 12 40
how is stern played that my wife left town with a banana no no honest to god during your last
core breaks not this one but about 20 minutes ago i had to come off the term pipe to tell you
i can't believe it are you serious that is the lowest i mean that's even lower than his rating
i stayed around a list of what was going on till the song ended to see like you know if he was
going to credit you with you know playing it first but of course now i think that joe johnson guy
was on there and they were discussing uh his his great numbers i guess on uh his great numbers
what did they do have a magnifying glass they could have been looking at one of two things
one quick question how was uh 60 cycle sandies ratings over there uh 2.4 how's that is that
average that's a very weak very weak same as ours oldy she beat out by about um 300 people per
average quarter hour but really tragic all right i just needed to hop off the road road quick to
tell you that okay thanks a lot thanks a lot is that is that the i mean i'm about ready to go nuts
i don't own that record i mean it's obviously you know it's a in fact uh Alan paris
the general manager at channel four he sent me that he sent me a tape of all of these novelty songs
but i mean my god be to be so blatant to be so i mean i hope foward comes on today for two hours
and just goes nuts and of course by now he's had a good chance to look at the books so if you were
he you would go nuts right boy i mean that's just shameless alice shameless shameless shameless
can't believe it so enough to make me want to go to pumpernix for lunch
okay my cool office here i i'm going to go in a hall and make guttable sounds i'm pulling every
plant out of the atrium during the news break i really am i can't stand it and when we come back
i'm playing everything in a whole rack in the next hour even stuff that's not my material
if you'd like to call neal down 764 07 07 in brodered or 624 0191 in date and now here again is neal roaches
107 at wins we have a caller in little havana this hour hello hello neal how are you
when is tardis when i started i'm one of your Cuban friend listeners great i was there at uh
pumpernix and at cb Smith park oh boy my god do you have to uh take uh that's uh crap a lot
often now the stuff you took at uh pumpernix never again because if you never again and you
notice it's always these old men these pathetic old men with the big you know two in spaces between
their teeth and the red you know red in the face like they're going to have a stroke they're
about a half a dozen of them out there they just haunt me everywhere so the ones that migrate from
the north no yes it was awful i mean i was like from the northeast i was thinking you know uh i
sort of envy talk show host because i say well you know they make all this money for doing nothing
and oh yeah oh my god if you take that uh uh very often it's not worth no matter how much you make
i mean that guy was he was beyond apple place i really was concerned that he was going to have a
heart attack he was just screaming and yelling and then he kept chewing on that free donation the
guy was just nuts and yeah the crappy thing is the hypocrisy is that these are the people that
want to ban seven dirty words yeah he was he was letting some loose to nobody ever heard before
i i i sort of almost had to throw my kids back in the car when i heard that yeah turn on the radio
listen to something clean but uh you know i i like to acknowledge you for you know putting yourself
out there and uh doing what you do uh i enjoyed the park scene you know at least i got a little
sun and a lot of us stay indoors because uh everything is dead from the brains down in this place
yeah you said it from the brains to the toes so when we find something that'll bring us out there
i usually appreciate it no matter what it is because it at least does get you out there
well that's true now the crowd was good it was just that it was chaotic and nobody could hear
anything and everybody was uh i don't know i just was lost i think any chance that i had to do
anything useful out there died when my tires got flattened you know at that point it was like the
whole rest of the day for me was going to be a disaster and it was well he probably whoever did
have the guilty conscience right now no no he's out it well yeah he should have a guilty conscience
for one reason only that is in fact i just got the check out of my mailbox from the station
they just reimbursed me for the four hundred dollars so i've got four brand new tires and what's
got it really stuck okay that's a good way of saying it okay Neil see you later thank you thanks a lot
Alice oh that's your Johnson man he's turning out to be an Alice looker
wife left down by the banana
loves a rotten deal found that y'all devil hiding in her purse he's cold and he's hard but he's got a
few i hope it never happens to you some fruit breaks your marriage into my wife left
down my love banana my baby step by the way i have never been to a prostitute and i am not or have
ever been a homosexual
was that Alice on that tape
oh
a wife left down with a banana i'm a jealous man she found a six inch Latin lover now she does
the tango right hand and right now i could just die he's eaten my banana cream pie my wife left
down by the banana my baby's slipping my baby's slipping my baby's slipping away
okay let me just say one thing tomorrow i know Alice must be listening now our guest is going to be
Joe Carl how do you like that and then i went to the doctor bend over
we'll show you a thing or two baby who did you say is that online i couldn't hear you i was just
so engrossed manny Fernandez marlin Bailey oh marlin Bailey i remember him is he on two
oh marlin oh that it sounds like that's at the marlin beach what happened to him they disappear
okay well we'll get back to him later margate hello oh i and he'll okay this is flash Gordon from
my gate and boss yes sir you remember me flash away sir oh no i saw you uh uh Saturday and uh
uh donate of the floral plant that i made for the uh of course and we sold it two or three times
we thank you very much i left early and i'd like to know what happened did you sell it
uh finally yeah well actually we sold it uh for i think 55 and then they said okay uh we're
going to give it back and sell it again and then a woman paid 45 and she wanted to do the same thing
we said now we just be uh you know please take it because you really liked it you know that's
wonderful so we got a hundred dollars for it hello uh listen what i wanted to tell you i'm at
your service anytime you have another not in the park but another raffle i'll donate another beautiful
one thank you we appreciate it i'm making one right now always a matter of fact we can do that
out here on May 16th May 16th yeah where at the station right here at w-i-n-z okay you can count on me
thank you flash and uh don't park your car park your car in Boston in uh flowering no i'm going to
start walking to work from now on okay listen i'm glad you made out pretty good and thank you
very much thank you flash okay bye one thirteen at w-i-n-z we have an open line in brown at 764
0707 Glen Hill and one of our volunteers are stuffing away in the w-i-n-z kitchen right now
and they're having another one of those zeta four staff meetings in the bathroom it's incredible
they're just all jammed in their Jeff Chase and all of those people Peter Bulger they're all jammed
into the john it's a john jam pemberpies hello hello hello hi is this no Rogers i think so i
want to have an update on the pumperniks uh or deal what happened out there how do you rate the
restaurant how do i rate the restaurant on a scale of what zero yeah zero to 10 minus infinity
oh really did you have a problem inside the restaurant or outside the restaurant i didn't hear i
i was yeah somebody flattened all four of my tires there did you get them fixed yeah i got them fixed
oh how they get them fixed did they have to come out there or we had a tow truck come out there
and i had a pay for it in the station reimbursement oh they they got your car fixed though where was
the tow truck did you have to go far yeah how far about to the everglades oh really but like
this sounds like a setup call from pumperniks to me no you sure how we need in that place if you
paid well good then be honest whether that's what everybody else has said now i didn't need anything
they gave me about an 18th of a glass of grapefruit juice and then when i was just
parched and dying they were going to bring me a diet soda and i went outside for a minute and
then i sat there and sat there and finally one of the waitresses got her head on straight for about
two seconds and brought it out and by that time my tongue was down to my shoelaces but everybody
also said it's a disaster and you know when i went in there i was just shocked because it's still
just a real market cafeteria and they've just bought the name where did they buy the name from
from from pumperniks they're just paying for the name so they're putting us we howling
this is that what it's like i never thought about that now that's like if we go to this store it's
not going to be like colondale no no no worse don't forget century villages right up the street
well century village could stay up there but we're saying should we stay in hollandale where we
can feel this wheat and oil or go up to holland pumperniks in the pine if i were you i would stay in
hollandale for like a long time you know what i think she's been here too long myself don't you
strange boy that was strange she must have been one of those zeita call her she was on heavy
duty drugs huh yeah man yeah she's been rubbing that acid on her wrist or something one sixteen
at wion z we have an open line and brow it seven six four oh seven oh seven and let's go to
coconut grove and take our lives in our hands hello hello yes this lady uh boy she she she was
funny than Tammy if Tammy payback she was she was funnier than uh taffy mccalum uh you would think
that at least at ppl they would have enough money to buy Tammy a uh makeup consultant i have never
been to a prostitute and i am not or have ever been a homosexual please stop playing that i
can't i can't stop laughing okay sir i have to thank you about uh do you've given to the
restaurant diva have i placed there they were sending you food last week yeah very nice restaurant yes
it is be been there well it's so if i see i'm not anywhere near there that's like way in south
Miami uh-huh way down yonder in New Orleans very good i was there last week that's what everybody
says and i know the food that they sent me that fed a chini boy that was something special
service is a little slow they've got to get into it yeah uh the food was very and very cheap
two people with a bottle of wine for forty dollars really really very full very nice excellent
want to go to a place with good service please go to most ranchos first take
low ranchos that's the place out in the sweet water that's owned by the oh yeah i'm
ready to go into sweet water right yeah with a banjo on my knees sir place that's owned by the
which is in the guy with from the sand and east is um
the color coloro coloro coloro the other guy uh the guy who they killed in mexico oh john
broward service there at low s ranchos is very good and the steak is very good good well the
chances of my eating in sweet water although maybe the mayor will want to eat with me out there the
one who's a big fan of mine the great steak yeah and the service i mean if they don't do well they
ship them back out to fight the conscious great that's good well that's why they're losing
yeah food down here my army general is bad it sucks i mean it really does the food in this town is
so bad and you know here i've been trying to watch my weight a little bit and i've been slipping
behind a little but so i'm not trying to go out and eat three gigantic meals a day but on those
occasions when you do want to go for example on the weekend you'd like to have at least something
really good well the thing is is that i can find one restaurant in each category yeah i feel
is okay to go to but there's not like a whole lot of restaurant and when you live in west
broward but i'm going to tell you it is really grim i mean it is desperate you have to make the
only restaurant i know he actually don't know anything up there no there is nothing i mean
bokeh is a good restaurant see people in the audience keep calling and making them up to try to
make me feel better they make up names except for the pizza place uh brick oven pizza brick ovens
but that's not anywhere near me and i how much pizza can you eat that's what my point was this
morning if you don't want Chinese and you don't want to Italian you might as well forget it
right but basically that's true yeah even the Chinese down here isn't so good
well some of it i've only found one or two that's anything you know worth eating at all
well i don't want to get into your personal life here but listen have a great day
and take care of yourself what was he talking about sex with the Chinese or something that was
strange boy Mao would have been upset about that huh one 19 Chinese by the way i've got some
real hangups about that even the ones who've been here for a long time you know that
because their culture is so um hmm they're just locked into these certain in fact it used to be
before they started uh finding them for making more than one baby it used to be that they spent all
their time eating rice and making babies that's all that they did and you should have seen where
they were eating the rice from you know where that expression rice patty came from uh i wonder if
that's like a patty melt or a patty wagon can you believe that Alice played that what is wrong with
you all of a sudden what are you uh burping over here i'm not burping now he's going to do the
how it's during grips i can't believe i just brought loose with a big grips i just brought you
another stack of hate mail a stack of well yeah small stack but oh that's good boy that means we'll
get a 20 in the next book yeah i mean the seven was nice folks but we want to double the audience by
the next book that'll show these fake or something they still won't be able to sell them but he played
i let him see that i left town with the banana alp alplay dailies played my wife left town with a
banana can't be seen that Alice liquor Joe Johnson is over there bringing him all of my material now
well it's after one next thing yeah of course what do you think i'm talking about it for we had one
of our wind spies called us and said they played it in 1240 well i know for a fact that i turned Joe
on next to be playing a Michael Jackson glove spot uh maybe they already did today no one called
about that oh boy you gonna play it after this break okay
hello this is Michael Jackson urgent you to help stop the spread of social disease don't risk your
life by having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar queen i urge you to do like i do go at alone
but make sure you wear protection that's why i recommend the Michael Jackson glove worn on either hand
the Michael Jackson glove adds the security and peace of mind that i need to do it myself
so remember before you put it on and the Michael Jackson glove proving once again that a bird in
the hand is better than one in the bush a battle in sequence models for extra stimulation i hear
that uh Joe's working on new ones called the Michael Jackson tongue it's uh 25 past one at
w.i.n.c. you're not gonna leave some of the mail Neil i agree with you 100% and i would like for you
to send me a petition by the way i'm 14 years old and i have heard and have used those seven words
frequently the couple of stains on the paper bottle also wait till you hear this their darker
color stains on this paper mr. Rogers while i've never wasted my time listening to you now i want
you to try to absorb the whole concept here okay this rotten filthy old bag this so b you know
what that is yes so sorry old bag right while i've never wasted my time listening to you i was
told if you don't like what your listeners say you hang up well you can't do that to me
if you're afraid or too guilty to read on i'll never know and i couldn't care less
it's odd you like to dish out what you want anything for shock value but don't like to listen now
this again she's never listened to the show she wouldn't waste the time i suggest if you can't
stand the heat get out of the kitchen your bosses must be hard up to keep a fat slob bastard like
you on their payroll you are a disgrace to humanity if i wouldn't do well if i couldn't do a better
job i'd resign but then i have character and i'm a real journalist and you can tell that by the
language like the fat slob bastard is very good i feel sorry for the persons who tune you in but
then all our morons are not on radio talk programs i'll something i'll wager you don't have the
guts to show this to the management cowards usually don't have guts to face the truth i shant oh
that may oh i shant this must be a real this must be from motafi huh oh i bet she went to smith
college is still green oh she was wonderful at smith college i used to roam with the stale
and in our spare time we used to inspect each other's private parts oh it was wonderful
and in fact we had a lot of spare time so a stella and i grew quite close over the years at smith
college and i guess some of her genius robbed off on me just a matter of speech friends of course
anyway she goes on to say i shant include my address because just in case you'd have the good
manners which i doubt to answer me i really would not care to hear from you a stale green p s
as i read this i can just hear you say i'd like to get my hands on her such nerve
but you are just the type to take a swipe
i was talking to one of these psychologists sing one of the psychologists at the university and
you say you must not have been used to anything in your youth and now that you
do what you do it makes you feel important i feel the same way as the letter goes on it becomes
more illiterate from a stale grain in the audience while a stale we know you're listening right
now and even though taffy can't be there with you to inspect your private parts and give you certain
types of stimulation i'm sure that getting your name on the radio is giving you the biggest
thrill that you've had in years probably done more good for you than a good coffee animal would do
you miserable pathetic old bag isn't that great i mean the idea that somebody would take time
to write a letter like that who has never even listened right and we're supposed to believe that
she's a bigger liar than Lee Fowler south my m e hello nil yes beautiful program today you were
right about Saturday ahead to turn radio off it was so bad tragic i got a couple of
embarrassing i got a couple of acronyms for you it's too late for one i agree with you're so far
100 percent but this thought came to me so i thought i passed it on instead of save our first
amendment rights grant our first amendment rights to talk you got that
geo you know go f a yeah what right go far yeah to talk with two t's right okay then
other one the federal community that's not too bad federal communications commission and they're
not really in charge of communications they're destroying it so i would call them the federal
uncommunications commission yeah and you know if you pronounce that one what it comes out yeah very
good sir i got you all the way in fact i wanted to have a bumper sticker that said um
do i dare spell it on here no
or look at him and he just all of a sudden it's like 130 already we're almost
to finished and he's getting cows getting real nervous but why can't i spell it it wasn't going
to be uh it had no k in it well wait a minute i'll tell you what i'll type it out and we'll see
if you think i can spell it okay here it is can i spell that no that would be a good bumper
sticker that wouldn't i mean with periods after each letter not with the okay okay that's
the end of the party Kyle said that's it okay uh my me lakes hello hello Neil yes sir how are you
okay i had an acronym too was so far so bad but i can't say it over the area you can think of
what's so bad so far but listen i'm over here with 45 year petitions right and i took one of them
to the peaceau convention at the front and blue on Saturday night they had 4000 english teachers
the seasaw convention peaceau means teachers the teachers of speakers of other languages oh yes
i remember that from Smith college yes they had four thousand english teachers are i we we got
a slate of the petitions thought out wonderful i sent him to you but here's the crux of the thing
there were a great many of them who would not sign why not because there there is many right
wingers in the teaching profession is there are anywhere else oh sure and when you stop to think
Neil that we have people who teach the language but will not sign a first amendment petition
that's where we're going you bet this country and listen why i go off a couple of questions this came
up and i'd like to ask you several people asked if it is not true in order for the petitions to be
valid that they had to write their full address no no this is not a legal binding petition that would
only be if we're a petition uh to for example if we're a petition to put something on a ballot
but that's not the kind of petition we're doing this is just a volume petition or sufficient to put
on the city of right where they reside you bet okay and my last thought i'd like to ask that
i've i it has been my contention for years that the existence the very existence of the FCC on
the face of it is unconstitutional because the first amendment says congress shall make no law
right a bridging freedom of speech the FCC is instituted by congress therefore how can that agency
have any authority to pull this sort of stunt and why hasn't somebody in your business before now
brought a test case on the legitimacy of the FCC as an agency all the way to the Supreme Court
to see if that thing couldn't be completely knocked out of the government well the reason they
haven't done it is because nobody wants to lose their license but i understand what you're saying
i agree with you i don't think you know in terms of this the FCC should be a bookkeeping agency
and they should monitor technical things and they should uh... you know monitor sales of radio stations
and to make sure that responsible people are buying them which of course is a joke when's that going to start
and that should be it that's as much authority as they should have they should absolutely no authority
over content or language whatsoever i know i've heard the rationale the rationale is that the public
airways are limited and therefore they're out that you know that's the biggest excuse i know that
that's the big outlook look the marketplace limits the number you know this jerk that called me
it last week and called taffy with the same phone call about what anybody can start a newspaper
the economics of each community and of the country automatically limit the number of newspapers
that can financially exist so the idea that you know we can have fifty daily newspapers in the city of
Miami is ludicrous so there is there's certainly much more from monopoly when it comes to the print
media than there is the broadcast media that's true and yet there is no regulation at all on what they
can print other than the libel law that's the only law that inhibits them to print any damn thing
that they want absolutely okay well i'll let you get on to another caller okay thanks a lot we
appreciate that i work over at my md a more campuses i've posted uh... to petitions in our department
we're trying to get them around all four campuses great we appreciate your help okay niel thanks
the media i would think to that uh... and maybe we've heard from them and i don't know because i'm
not going through the mail there's just too much of it in the volunteers are but uh... wv we
met the university of my m e and the mimey date station at fiu has a station and even kill you and
hide and we get that nice letter from those good looking kids at killing high certainly they ought to be
involved in this too right yes you bet especially killing high i think we can talk to the
exactly they ought to be the volunteers they ought to be coming over here right now and uh...
stuffing envelopes and anything else they can get their hands on some day we hope to quietly tell
our story a story of two centers saved by grace okay and of course the grace is going to be our
guest tomorrow here on w i n z it's twenty six before two at w i n z i keep say most call it is over
and over again boy davisley would be so proud
this well when i was growing up at smith college is a young matron lake girl
we used to have just a wonderful time reading all the classics and when we would get to the really
filthy parts that's when all of us girls would giggle and titter-rallot but in today's more dignified
society i don't believe that this kind of language belongs on the radio
there two Miami cops with a hot new beans there on the street fighting cry
they pop that they can't face air
yeah yeah yeah in hell and they'll bite
we got a problem the gray game is up to the early trees
with tenor and at the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird special
after seven they're back and down let's go get them
dance job at nothing to clean up this tree
hey lady you can't cross here you'll have to cross in the light
and they're determined to clean up the smudging business
all right sister you're under arrest
also now you're arresting my wife watch the charge
session of power i'm gonna first time let's see that white stuff
yeah just a thought she's got over a hundred bags in here
oh for it sweet and low from that restaurant you just came out of let's take a minute
here's their camera in Miami cops on a hot new beach in
celebiel vice believing this fall on mbz
okay 21 before two at wynz and let's go to north Miami beach hello
i knew how you doing good i think you ought to readjust that last cart that should say
i know that nil rogers has gone to howland they'll we've decided to tell taffy where to go
anyway the reason i'm calling and i'm glad the conversation is kind of come back this way there's
an article in the mianny herald on the front page of the local section that i don't know if you
happen to catch this morning but it's very very interesting it's entitled felons curse judge
finds him in contemptive court in the words contemptive court are kind of hyphened out as if they
were curse we mean Carl heissons column yeah ready okay did you read that yeah okay i mean
is that fuel for the fire or what yeah that's good i didn't know i'm glad you got a hold of it i
want to descend it to you but obviously you've got it i just want to know if it could be of any
use because i went through this thing and said talk about a double standard this is really
incredible this is just a perfect example of hypocrisy and action it it it's just incredible the
stuff with uh you know he mama broke in i don't want to hear this f s and all all these sort of
things that kind of just set me on edge and i just want to bring it to your attention i didn't
know whether you can't you know what it reminds me of did you see the movie injustice for all yes
that's what it reminds me remember the judge the the guy who was sitting there swearing
when he went nuts in the courtroom and the and the judge said uh what is with all this profanity
and he said well judge i'm a diabetic and he said sir i feel to see the connection between
being diabetic and all of these uh vulgar words you're using and he said that's because you're a
well i just wanted to bring it to your attention the i know that you're going through some
advertising and what have you and i thought this would be the great kind of thing to put into print
ad if you really want to make an impression but you've seen it so that's my piece and i'll
i'll just let it go with that thanks a lot they're take it easy okay yeah that hits a good point i
don't know how many people saw highestons column in a heraldous morning but it all has to do with
a scion court who was uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
using f words and s words in a variety of others and the judge was having a nervous breakdown
and uh kept increasing the fine uh or his bond he kept increasing it because he was getting
so upset from the uh well one vulgarity beginning with the letter m and having an f somewhere
in the middle is the way highest and describes it here and it's really a classic okay uh what
just happened we got two lines open and date i'll never get too many way right
especially if i just sit here every now and then i just get that that desired just kind of
sit here and just make everybody wait you know because that's the kind of town this is this is a
say strange kind of a place strange and it's like they're really looking to screw you everywhere you go
whether you're looking to get an apartment i don't want to go through that again or they're looking
for a meal or you just are standing out there in the middle the highway lost you know somebody's
going to come along within five minutes looking to really stick it to you fort lauderdale hello
hello yes afternoon nail how you doing uh pretty good i just called to uh give you a few words of advice
not for you particularly but your area stations that are definitely envies
plagiarism is envy and v is ignorance and ignorance is bliss and water sinks its own level
so good luck you're getting in there okay sir all right thank you i think that was a message for Alice
and judging from the numbers that we've got here he has found a new level that is just incredible
i got to look at this again of course we don't have the hour by hour but in the 10 to 3 in the midday
a day part the average quarter hour for iod they have 16,500 and nws has 16,200
so even though it is very very close very close it looks like well i have to wait till we see the
individual hours because Lee could certainly have done a big number in there from one to three you
know what i mean like a one in each hour that great professional broadcaster Lee Fowler who sits on
the air and rips his own people on the air as program director and who tells the rest of us about
gutter broadcasting and about professionalism while he continues to do his sex pulls and wants to know
where you did it unbelievable i know where he's doing it he's doing it right on the radio every day
for two hours that's where he's doing it screwing the public and screwing that company
just give me a chance i want to have an opportunity friends i've always competed well just
that i don't believe in that kind of radio i'm not going to change i'm going to talk to my step
mother i'm going to talk to gill segal and i'm going to talk to the bridge tender i'm going to do
whatever the hell i want folks because you don't understand when you don't have any money in your pocket
you can buy a kid's food a speaking of my kids terry and praisee i'm going to be my guest tomorrow
we're going to have them in the michael the sisto's school when that be something we could get cane
that would be good when i get cane on with michael the sisto and craig could bring in his children
and then steves daughter could stand in the other room and throw darts at them all you know that
would be good thember pie and celo speak to me sir i was great i definitely think it was any good
of the park was your imitation great worthy i know and it cost it cost somebody 20 bucks
me i was going to pay well it was well worth it wasn't it more than well worth it good
i went my pants right there did you really i wondered what that was all about i thought you
were just glad to see us all i congratulate you in your grade ratings thank you and my wife that
had me take some polaroid to send him to your hot-hung contest that she saw
cat me where she said forget it
haha i think casty would have been a lot better off if you stayed in cognito
definitely definitely you know we have a lot of different things about that
and we see her oh my god you know what i say
wait wait real quick i got to go to harem dail to go to work
today and this week i'm going up to gay and spiel and o'cala
and i'm taking petitions with me getting them signed up there
great
and you get an anchor burger show with a team or oh yeah oh yeah so the whole thing
he had a very short one last night where he went in depth into uh... in depth i'll bet
how deep how deep did he go
pretty deep you know i'm a real deep you know what can you say with these nasty bakers everything you know
we'll take care keep it up and kill those ratings
ok thanks a lot
i have never been to a prostitute and i am not or have ever been a homosexual
i guess the bar is going to be Jim Baker
it's going to be racy money for the Baker defense fund
from their new home at the y it's Jim and Tammy Faye
we're all our prayer partners in radio ladies and gentlemen
i'm not a kisser smaller than keep out
i'm not a kisser
i'm not a kisser
i'm not a kisser
i'm not a kisser
every man wants to be a macho macho man
just have a tiny body
always with the man
just a minute more than
go man go
work on a little bit of health
you can just leave that he's a macho man
ready to die with anyone he can
hey hey hey hey hey
macho macho man
i got to meet a macho
i'm a very old macho person
taffy mccountle will be along from two to four this afternoon
you know that they really did they have dumped taffy subject that originally
was scheduled for today i think that made me the real silver lining in the midst
of that dark cloud at cd smith park from saturday i mean it was really a
disastrous broadcast but out of even the most
disastrous events in human history comes something positive
and if that the hysteria in the part of the audience when i asked about taffy
subjects if that finally got the message across
then we might have really done something positive Hollywood hello
yes nil what about uh... get in the help of the american civil liberties
union you know you fight with the f you know they have we're going to have them on a
show in a couple of weeks uh... do you think i'll do any good or help any meaningful
way absolutely uh... uh... uh...
because you know you're waiting uh... fight by your all by yourself against the big
government agency i mean you need help right well they're going to be here sir they're
going to do it my amy hello
my amy
with a banjo on your knee
all that must have been mayor swaras i guess he hung up
okay it's twelve minutes before two at w i n z and let's try my amy lakes i'm sure
there's somebody here hello hello i knew it
yes uh... the bakers what are they famous for pop tarts
pop tarts yeah uh... that you put in a pop up toaster
saturday uh-huh do you regret it
whoo my husband
i mean we've been a fan of yours kneel for about seven years up until saturday
uh... well since we arrived in my amy you've always i've gotten all your postcards
joining your drives and everything uh... saturday he thought real sexy
kathy west
and we got there
he couldn't believe it what a dog uh...
you gave it to big up build up
i'm always i'm always trying to make gold out of chap liver i'm always trying
to give people a big build up and he said no that's not her they're just
pretending so we walked up to the hill where they had to speaker
yeah and i said listen that's kathy west
and he could not believe it yeah now it was really tiny ten
uh...
i was real disappointed in the crap well it was hot standing out there
i finally took my shirt off because uh... did you really all you were the one
no i had something under it
a tank top but it was miserable
uh... there was no coverings you know yeah enclosure or something
but we set up on the hill for a while and then we went down we signed the
petition i gave some money
there were real red next there
uh... one guy
wait a minute my crowd yes
yes you gotta be pulling my leg now uh... six foot three guy
he he trompled all over my foot
and then he pushed me and hit me in a spot that hurt
uh... i said a real gentleman because he was wanting a rea
one of those uh... blue mud
oh yeah well he wasn't part of our crowd he was just a freeloader
i don't know and i said a real gentleman he said
who you talking about
and i said you
and uh...
it was pretty crazy around the back of you i'm surprised uh...
yeah you better say that again i'm i'm real i listen i'm just delighted to be
here today
uh... i went back up there to my husband i told him i said
they are not watching the back of the
people down there now they were paying attention at all it was just uh... you
know kind of like turnis loose
and if we get through it good luck to you and if not it's been nice knowing
now tapy
really shocked me
uh... her voice like you said she needs throat loss and just
uh... it
great when i hear it i feel like she should
yeah see well she takes it the wrong way a lot of people said tapy got a
great voice
and they don't understand what uh... that they're spelling a g-r-a-t-e
i can great it she's it really does
really long
in her it was a nineteen fifty eight
hair style
or we used to have a big curls and we put it down with the video yeah an eighteen
fifty eight here stop
but niel
that's half of the petition
i am getting it signed and send it into you thank you
and
you're great you really are and you have lost weight
or you know that especially since saturday
i've been vomiting for two days
me and my husband both
poor poor husband he was so disappointed in kathy yeah
okay well we're gonna well hire miss we're gonna hire miss pemberk pines to
replace her
or bridge or dog one of the other okay listen hang in there have a wonderful day
you do thanks to uh...
okay it's one fifty two at w i n z i think we have one more break to do here
don't we and it's almost gonna be time to go home
have you heard about the equities five at w i n z
tappy mccalam after the news and i think we got a close and i with a really
good call here my m e hello
hello yes
it was it
yep
i am glad to talk to you but i'm gonna say you're an overrated
clear that don't know anything and it's working for w i n g
and their perfect so is my in my hair
who's crooked and i can prove it
my name is hary
and my
hairy what
hary gold hammer gold finger
gold hammer not finger
go ahead sir speak up time is running out
fifty one four year an overrated clear
and you're working for crooks like w i n t
and i am
no sir wait a minute w i n g is in date no i hope
go ahead sir
all that speak up speak up
and
the hell the m i am the news
speak up sir
go ahead and
you're
don't
go ahead
hello
go ahead and
go ahead
She's got a
big walk on
She comes on the heaven
When you get a
one-she-head
to the
two-shot
every angel
There will
raise
a sky
Don't miss
me in the morning
attend for another
adventure of
Gold Hammer
Exclusively
on W-I-N-G
Miami
Fort Lauderdale
I don't know you
way in the
man
man
way in the
man
Okay, that's going to do it here and certainly I told you we're going to close it out with a good call
and we did and
boy I tell you I hope he calls every day because I want to hear about all those crooks at W-I-N-G
at the Miami
Harold
We found out a lot of interesting information today
We found out about Bill Cosford and his shoe size and
Keith Allen
and about his size found out some good stuff today
So at tomorrow morning we'll probably pick up right where we left off Michael Wolfe
is here with some more of those wild headlines and then Daffy is going to be along today
You just watch today you're going to see a different girl on the Taffy McCallum show
One at W-I-N-Z
Little blast from the past
Boy I feel just like Ricky Tickey in the afternoon
Only with a higher share
And I'm cheese king
It's making the news shit
All of your folks are with the mom
The check in the CDs
No they never say please
Just waiting for the early bird special to come
Wasting away king good
How they searching for the false teeth they left in a glass
And how they claim that there's a talk host to play
But they know
It's their own damn phone
The sugar in my
Take it to early bird on time
And wasn't just as hot as they came
And once they are seated
They get over she did
It's dark stuff in the roses we know in their bags
Wasting away king good or hot
This bulletin just into the W-I-N-Z newsroom from one of our win superspies in his yellow Miami Herald Raincoat
The first caller the inaugural caller on the Ron Saksho on W-Snow's
Can they handle it?
Harvey from Kendall
And how did it say that it's all the clues a day
But for some
Can anyone in the police?
Your folks don't know the reason why nothing is freezing
The muscles ache and the teeth just don't fit
But what doesn't matter when they call up Neil and Chattano
I hate to kneel and never listen to your show
But wasting away a king good or hot
Just to fight the metal music and the radio
And how did it claim that it's the top host to blame?
But Neil knows they can't wait for his show
And how did it claim that it's the top host to blame?
But Neil knows they just can't wait for his show
We have verification ladies and gentlemen and other W-I-N-Z Superspy has spotted Harvey from Kendall
Harvey is wiping it off right now unbelievable
And wasn't it Fowler this morning in the 87th W-Snow's programming seminar who said
And we're going to get to as many callers as possible from now and we're really going to get through them
Because there's nothing worse than repetitive chronic callers
