He's got his head down on the table too. I can't believe it. Okay, a plantation. Hello. I'm Neil. How are you?
It's slaves me how everybody in his brother is concerned with your show. Yeah, they're obsessed. They're obsessed.
Yes, and I watched last night of the news. There were some guys that was arrested for working with a
state agency that takes care of abused children and it turns out he's abusing them. Oh sure. Why doesn't Ellis
Rubin and all these other leading hearts go out and find protect these people that are children who that's that are actually getting you know
Yeah, and why don't they go down to the Archdiocese and find out what some of these priests are doing with some of these altar boys
Why don't they check into that it was right on the front page of the Miami Heritage a couple of months ago
Big story about all this cover up about all his child molestation, but all they can do you know
We joke around about stuff on this show and I have a party at my house with a hundred kids everybody has a great time right away
I'm a child molester. You know these people are sick sick and obsessed
That's true. You've got a great show. Don't let Rose were you?
Okay, and I have one question. Yeah
Did you let big day come to your party as a matter of fact? Yes, he had a wonderful time
You're more generous than he is that's for damn sure you got a great show. Thanks. Thanks a lot and he knows it
705 on Zeta 4 and
Right now, you know, I just wonder I think it back. I watched that thing last night
It was so depressing and so morbid at letters home that Vietnam thing on HBO
Mm-hmm
And I was thinking to myself they were showing all the protest marches and Kent state and all the things that were going on and
You know was public opinion that finally brought an end to that slaughter
I mean we were you know that this Johnson and Nixon were sending kids over there to be butchered like sending cows to slaughter, okay?
And it was public opinion that finally finally brought it into that massacre that senseless insanity and I was thinking
I you know in this day and age when people are into this mercy this materialistic crap or all they care about is how much
You know they've got in terms of material possessions when human life means nothing
You know that could be going on forever because nobody gives a damn anymore about those things in this country
Good point and you know when it comes to free speech
It's not you know whether you like it or you don't like if you don't like it turn it off
That's what makes it a great country. You've got a freedom of choice if you don't like a TV show turn it off
You don't like this show turn it off
But don't tell don't call up here and complain and tell me I can't say this and I can't do that
We can't talk about this and stand can't say this. That's a bunch of crap is what that is I
Mean if you want to live in Nazi Germany. I'm sure you know go down to Paraguay. I'm sure you'll have a good time down there
There are plenty of countries writing this hemisphere where you can go down to Cuba
Here we got all these people isn't that ironic in date County who are so anti-Commonista anti-Commonista and yet
They're the first ones who want a censor somebody like me because they don't like what I'm saying because they have a different point of view
So who the hell are they kidding?
Anyway, it's 707 on
Your pontification station. Oh, what a wonderful day speaking of the pot of
That's Baker
There was a great, you know a Guido Sarducci. Uh-huh. They had a great thing on HBO the other day and it was fantastic
Where it was right everything that I've always said
Where they showed all these pictures of the Pope going here the Pope going there and talking and kissing all these dictators on the cheek and all this other stuff
it was fantastic and
It talked about he was given the cold shoulder to
Somebody whether it was Noriego or or take a who'd ever to help was but then it showed the pictures where he was embracing
Arifat and he was
Kurt Waldheim and the shick in a hand of Ali aja Sheik or whatever the hell the guy's name was who
Try to assassinate him and Guido Sarducci says was on other words if you're not a communist you're a good guy
The Pope indeed
And those fakers at the Catholic church who the hell are you people getting to huh?
All these people are starving that then the Pope is running around the world saying make a lot of babies, okay
Even it's after seven on Zeta for your green card station and the weather it's gonna be sunny today
It'll be breezy and cool high
75 and smell the pansies boys and girls
You
Whatever steps you want if you have clear them with the pontiff everybody say is on key
Real is on doing the vine again
Get in line in that processional step into that small confessional there the guy who's got
Religion I'll tell you if your sins original if it is try playing it safer
Drink the wine and chew the wafer
Two or six eight time to transubstantiate
So get down upon your knees fiddle with your rosaries bow your head with great respect and
J.
On your abdomen women from do like a Roman a Bay Maria
She's good to see you get an extended and started dramatic and a dude about it
All right
713 on Zeta for and it's gonna have an a radio listing in the hero where they list the radio highlights
They just gotta have my name there under topic because this is the only topic conversation
I most of these shows in this town like yesterday. We were on every show. How do you like that?
I think it'll sell more papers today because you're in there even Sandy even boring vanilla ice cream
Sandy tapioca putting Sandy Peyton was ripping us on here yesterday
Long brain talking about the party about how do you know Sandy you weren't invited you dumb bitch
Who the hell would invite a boring bitch like her, huh? We need a 60 cycle tongue. We got one on cart, okay?
That's you Sandy
four hours of terminal boredom for years putting the audience into a coma with a TV repair man and a collectibles guy
And all that other crap that you've been dumping on the public you ought to be ashamed of yourself you sick bitch
It's 713 on Zeta for and yeah, see
This is what I've been waiting for just the opportunity to awake again
See now they're in real trouble
I think they're gonna intimidate and they don't understand every time they do that. I just go crazy, okay?
I was wondering before we went on the air
Well, how's he gonna hand me?
Every time they try to intimidate me man
I just come back ten times as loud and strong as before because I'm not gonna take the crap from anybody
Okay, from a bunch of jackasses
Especially our management jackasses you look like you could use a bagel or stand out there
You know stand is desperately trying to stay alive on a sinking ship over there
And he does an innovative show and has some fun with the audience and right away. Oh, can't do that anymore
You can't do this that mark killing man. He ought to be a bra
He ought to be arrested for impersonating a human being that movie thing we did last night
I ran into you know because it was on Hollywood Beach
We had a lot of tourists there and there was people as but from Boston in New York saying that a
Stern and lack of Darrow and BCN and Boston they get away with ten times
Of course they do we don't even come close to the stuff that they do we ought to be able to say any goddamn thing
We want this is supposed to be America not some kind of a fascist state
Got all these fascist Nazi pigs down here, right and God forbid anybody in Fort Lauderdale has a good time
You realize there is actually a law enough you have a good time
With on Fort Lauderdale city limits. They're gonna put you away for 20 years seriously makes no difference what you're doing
Even if you're just even if you're just fantasizing and you're having a good time straight to the Husqaw as they say in parts of Fort Lauderdale and
Davie
Unbelievable 750 in on your fascist oriented stations eight of four you guys want to baggle before you continue
Just don't worry about it. Let's go to the
Dear field hello, yeah, how are you okay?
You know you sound just like one he proves yeah, and it sounds great only I'm still alive
Just fear yeah
Have you noticed him the vast amount of beer cans on the highway says
to the
Open
Open
Can
For driving yeah, they're all over my neighborhood. Yeah, I think Sandy had a party
No
Yeah, right sure it is it sounds like oh, yeah, this must be Ann Marie
I'm back. Oh, yeah, I remember that
It's mr. Marie I know it
I know it I am right there. Let me tell you something most of the shows in this town are such
Cheap imitations and such crap and these people never original idea in their mind
There isn't hardly anybody on here in this market except me or Stan who's got any balls at all and at phony and he
Afternoon over there on IOD who pretends to be mr. Controversy
But who keeps doing the same contrived crap over and over and over again
He's been doing ever since the day he he fell into this town. You know he's about as
Vanilla ice cream John
Yeah
I have to think about the right work because I'm on here. Okay. How are these people exactly?
Scrum, you know, I mean I could think about words to say, but the hell it don't get you know
Don't get any blue skies just do it the hell with them forget about them
You know just drop them on your mind. That's what happened to Lenny Lenny get obsessed with the fact that these people
Didn't understand him now that you're totally wrong
I'm not obsessed with that. I've been fighting these bastards for years sir sir relax will you please?
I believe to hell with them. That's my philosophy and I go ahead and I do my thing
And I'm gonna continue doing my thing and if they don't like it they can stick it near ear
I and if the management that let me tell you if the management don't like it
They can stick it someplace else too because I'm sure I'll find somebody else who will like it a lot
Sir control yourself
Getting to hysterical I may I can't handle it. Okay getting apoplectic good intentions, but just losing it
Okay, yeah 17 after seven on Zeta 4 your losing station and we have an open line in Broward to keep it close
They let's move right along because so far these calls have been really uplifting and like
Fuck you know like I mean really a lot of life and a lot of enthusiasm
North Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Okay, shoot. Are you a communist subversive?
Is that it? Oh, I want to know why you're always talking out against the government of the United States of America
There has to be more to it though in other words, communist subversive what I mean there's some other adjectives that have to go in there
Oh, you can't say it on the radio. Okay. Yes. I'm a communist pinko subversive
Limprister douchebag. Yeah, well don't come in our neighborhood. I'll drop you faster than a bad transmission
Okay, pal right
Oh boy, I like that expression. He was brown bagging up this morning and it got to him a little bit
You know he was down there it you told him I'd drop you he was down
He was down there at you float them and that's a good expression. I'm gonna remember that
By the way, here's the garbage truck that just drove in which I think is very timely on the heels of that call
I said do a great job there this morning gentleman in the garbage truck
Unsung heroes here. Hey there they go
There you go big wave and then I'll wave it out to the garbage back at us. Come on pal
Be a good sport. Did you notice that guy said?
That you say things against the government and then the very next breath. He says I'm not allowed to say that on the air
Yeah, well, he likes fascism, you know
He's another one of those people who believes a little fascism is not a bad thing
Like like certain segment of our community in Dave County you believe that you know
Little dictator ship can't be all bad as long as it's their dictator
In and out and a book continues to show you know basically very little there
You know about a three which is embarrassing flat and you know he keeps talking about how much money he's making well
You know time goes by very quickly. It's amazing how life is and what's gonna happen after you know after he's sucked all the
All the milk out of the golden cow or whatever the hell it is
Well, that was an interesting
Yeah, that was
Yeah, that is something like Oprah Winfrey would do
I think she may have done that on several I think so maybe that explains why she looks like that
Well, isn't have a wonderful day. Don't let those other guys bother you. Okay. You take it easy now and have a great life
Okay, but it's before seven on say to four your suck the milk stage
Milk sucking station
Milk is very bad for you by the way boys and girls so if your parents try to feed you milk
Splash it in their face. Okay, just say get get this out of here
Spill it on the floor. I'm I'm serious
In their face in their right in their face that'll get the message across okay
And then when it burns their eyes and it gets mung and that that coats their fate then I'll say wait a minute
This is garbage that I'm feeding my kid milk is bad for you. I don't drink it. Yeah, I haven't drank it in years
And look what it's done for me. I mean, you know humans are not supposed to be drinking the milk of other animals
Okay, not only that, but it's all pasteurized anyway, and it's boiled and puke to you know what it is
They all kinds of artificial crap into it. You know what milk actually is
Uh-oh. I don't like yeah something filthy is out of the direction we're headed here. I don't know why I just have
Oh, I won't say oh
Why don't you put it on the screen if they could see the look on his
It's that look. Yeah, he looks if he doesn't look like a child molester right now
I swear to you like some kind of a wild perverted child molester
I'll write it on the bottom and ax murderer. Okay, here comes on the bottom of the screen. It says it's
it
is
the animal
The animals okay, you can erase that part you don't have to have it. I can remember that okay
The animals mucus oh
I wonder why that maybe that's why it's a mucus forming food okay. Did that make a lot of sense to you?
It's the animal's mucus
But what like like flam
That's mucus so those of you who are sitting at the breakfast table
I'm wearing that flam on your corn flakes today
Hey flam that looks pretty good
But what does half and half oh that's half flam and half mung
Now wait a minute. What the hell just happened there
You know that was my fault
From somebody's been messing in your mama that's all right
They won till seven on zeta four and these I don't know if these are mosquito bites or chigger bites could be
You ever had chigger bites or once you let those triggers move into your neighborhood man you are
I'm serious here for some real grief. There's no question about it, but they're only in brow art. Oh, no
Oh, they'd be all over the place
Well, we are we did you have a Neil story for you now now you want to preface this captain there
This was when you were on vacation and Brad was in here. I've never heard it and
I wish I had the whole thing, but this is like about 70 seconds up
It was this lady called up and she was talking about how much she hated New Yorkers and the New York Metz and she said on the New York Metz team
Mm-hmm. There's nothing but a bunch of greasy Puerto Ricans. I see now this is he this is going to give the lady a story that we promised
And also to be doing with our phone call that we had a few minutes so he when she said greasy Puerto Ricans
He hung up on her and he had this to say okay
They had to send you back to New York honey and make you into a new subway
Wow
What a disgusting piece of crap you are honey
All those greasy Puerto Ricans man. I hope they trace that call lady and boy you in oil
We're gonna have the people of the Santa Ria House put a voodoo spell on you honey
Get a big ugly spot on your face
Exactly a horse emoji and you'll wake up on Sunday morning and you'll be a mulatto. How's that?
Get the best of both worlds for you honey
Custing subhuman cretin douche bag
You know all these people from New York that think they're so suave and so sophisticated and so much better and all their culture
Yeah, their culture is all done in there in the subway with the Bernie gets okay, that's your culture
Right there. Thank God. We live in a civilized town when people shoot each other. They say I'm sorry
You
