I can't believe we can do this.
I wonder if James Hummel is listening.
Most likely.
You notice I hit the first bell you missed that.
This is why all five favorite talk-up are.
Yeah.
Nice and tequila by the champ.
That's right.
Oh.
Sounds perfect.
Wait a minute.
What am I hearing up?
Stay by me.
Wait.
Yeah, stay by me is a queuing.
Just as I picked it up, coincidence.
Remember when that was happening all the time.
I was opened a pot and there would be like three cards recuing.
They would all end at the same time.
Back with the same coincidence.
I don't hear anything now. Do you? Yeah. Okay. Now what is this? What? We is this
Presented is the winner of this good Zeta. Wither of what?
On it. Wither of what has contested. In other words, if I blew it, then you get
the station and if I get it right. Oh, then I get the license. I don't know about
you. I'd sell it by noon. Wouldn't you? Yeah. Anybody want to buy a station?
Mobile. Okay. That's like a lot of guys I know in this business. No, I'm going to
work in a big station. Yeah, like Amico. And then you see I'm pumping gas a month
later. You know, like Mike Miller. How is Mike doing? Does anybody know? Is he
still at Pumpernic? That's what we hear. That's the that's the word on the
street is he is indeed a matri-dee at Pumpernic's in Holland. Okay. Now this is for
dinner for ten with Mike in a doggy dog town of
Hylia with Mike Miller. Okay. Let's should we let it loose? Okay. So actually what
we have we have a whole bunch of people that we have to stop the tape. In other
words, the tape is racing along and we've got a team of people who just grab it
and they you know, stop the tape. Little people. Little tiny people inside the
machine and they're just they're racing. They're marching in place right now
as a matter of fact. They're running in place like on a treadmill and they're
holding on for dear life to that. They can't hold it forever. You know, it's like
when you put your VCR on freeze frame, if you got a cheap VCR, if you got an
expensive one like I do, it'll stay there forever on the show. On that one chip. Oh
yeah. So you can you can three. You can be watching Blue Lagoon on Channel 6
last night and freeze frame. You know, any scene you wanted forever. Now I wasn't
watching it or taping it first because I've already got it on tape. Only one copy.
Oh, several copies. Because I like broke shields. And if you believe that. Well
least, you know, Chris Actions in the water was really him. You know, broke shields
had a double. She had body double in the water. That's true. With Brian DePama. That's
absolutely true. Yeah. Yeah. And why? It was in her contract at the time. I
talked to the scene. I was just asking generically. I wasn't expecting some long
boring answer. And I like from our movie reviewer. No, it's not a long one. I ask
you a question. Now that you're here, why do we need Don Stodder?
Is that a good question? And we hope of course that Don doesn't take a
fence at that because we're only kidding. Oh yeah. But what do we need Don for?
With his red light and green light and all of that stuff. When we have a movie
critic already in the building, I can't answer that question. That's not my
department. Oh, but it is a good question, isn't it? I guess I'm the other
important work in the building that's really or pressing like looking all
the guests that stand and I have on our show. For one thing. That's one thing.
What else do I have? One little thing. Okay, let's let's see if our little
people are going to let the tape go. This is exciting. What happens if most
little people let the tape go and one schmuck keeps holding on to it? You know, he's
in a lot of trouble. You know what I'm saying? Like the tape goes flying in his poor
little guy just like it's caught up in the cap stand or something.
Go ahead. Should I let it go? Yeah, go ahead. Should I turn it loose?
Let's be sure James has got his radio all too. They had Mr. Hullo. He's listening.
Go with both ears. He's at the water cooler right now.
He is. He's at the water cooler. You know what he's saying? It's alive. I am not a Nazi.
That was good. That was great. If I do say so myself, I get the license.
And if there's anybody who'd like to buy Zeta 94.9, give us a call.
You will do it like the San Diego auction or the San Jose on. Where should we start?
What dollar bills? Five. And that's not five thousand. No. Five bucks.
Hey listen, I'm not greedy. Ten. Do I hear ten? Look at that. We've got
three lines flashing. Three betteries on the radio. Buy your own station. Turn it into a parking lot.
No, we're just kidding. There are a bunch of good people up there.
So it's Kid the Rouse. Some of them. Yeah. And we especially should not be kidding them now because
it's been a rough week. Yeah. In more ways than one, right? Yeah.
So let's leave them alone. Let's just move on to bigger and better things.
And you were going to review the afternoon talk show yesterday because you left here early.
Now we don't mention names. Okay. Five. One in particular that we don't
mention because basically he's small potatoes. It was unique because I got to listen to
afternoon talk radio in this market, which normally I don't get to do because I'm here in the office.
Right. Are you exciting? Well, uh, now wait a minute. You're going to do this first or stand by me.
I don't care. Okay. Do this first. Right. And then you can do your movie reviews. A la
bill cross for a dude doesn't appear on the station anymore because he's turned into a wimp.
And he's allowed the Harold to intimidate him. Now this is Mr. Balls. Balls concert over at
the Harold who used to just, you know, write all these wonderful things about me in the show and
used to take on his own management. But they finally reached a point in which the humor is gone.
Okay. And the cost for does not appear. It's too high show. It's too hot to handle. And, uh,
I don't know. He said something about Harold bashing to me on the Harold bashing. I don't know where he
got that. Oh, it's just I wonder where he heard that too sensitive to come on here. You know,
sensitive everyone's getting. Yeah. Very sensitive. Can't take a joke. I know. Well, listen,
it's been nice being here, but I got to go home and wait for this important call.
You have a machine. Yeah, it'll be there. Oh, it will. That's right. That makes me
surprised. Sometimes has some very important numbers. Not the numbers that I would like to have.
Now listen, I'm going to be going to Hawaii for 10 days in September and I need a traveling companion.
Uh oh. That you talk about. Stay at it. Then you go and say this. What? Well, stay at this is like
scrolling. Yeah. That's all I said. Did I ask for anybody to call in? Did I ask for some 20 year old
young man who, uh, you know, looks like Jason get Rick to call anyone like 10 three days in Hawaii.
Maybe we should call Jason himself. Now that sounds like a good move. It's about time. You said
something that made sense. You got to go through California anyway. Exactly. How do you know he's
in California? That's where they make all the movies. No. Are you kidding? Both stuff. I thought they
made him in Miami. Who told you that? Don't tell you that. No, Stan made you told him.
As he was dribbling on his fries. Oh, look at that. No, no, no. She was at least four years old.
She had diapers on. I think Stan has a diaper fetish is what it is.
I have a coupon for a good say. I trust me. I'll pass it. Would it be something if it turned out
that Stan wears diapers and that he's got a fetish? You know, like they have those adult diapers.
You know, the ones I'm talking about from people who are in continent. That's a nice word for it.
That's the way they make those large diapers for adults in all different sizes.
Yes, they do. I want to be something if we found out that Stan, now this is only a joke.
But it would be pretty fascinating if Stan wore diapers. How do you know? Trust me.
That's a weird diaper. I at least don't think so. No. Well, I'd explain those 14 pamper boxes that I
saw in the front lawn the other day. Just an accident. Just a coincidence. You must have a lot of
pregnant neighbors have pamper. Did you stop and think about that? That made no sense either.
But that's the tone of the show today, lady. The show makes no more of this, you know, bilingual crap.
I've had enough of that. It's up to you folks. Now we gave you the number. And if you want to do
your thing, fine. And if not, audios. I'll read it there. Your number for what? What do you want them to do?
What? Who do you want to call? My traveling companion on my Hawaiian trip. He must be between the
ages of 18 and 25 must be extremely good looking well built must look like Scott Madsden's twin brother
and must have been I'll be ready for a real good time. You can't do only safe thing. You can't do this
by traveling to Diamondhead and visiting Jack Lord. Then he'll be in big trouble.
Is Jack still over there? Jack is still over there, boy. He's got his own little flock of something
over there. The hair still hangs down though this forehead. Well, in many places.
I'm Tony. He's got James MacArthur running around over there procuring for him.
That you love the rumor. I heard you say that. I do love that show. I love that show.
You love, by the way, if there's anybody else in the audience who doesn't like Bet Middler,
you ought to go out and blow your brains out right now. You're pathetic. Do you hear that jerk?
And then he turned out to be the same crank that called Stan. Oh, buddy. How you doing, buddy?
Boy, some of these people have been in that pickle egg jar too long. I'm telling you.
So is that Middler is just the best? Yes, he's fine. She's fine. I like that, Middler. You
have that hang up on that movie she made. What was that? James was a good move. Awful movie.
Awful movie. Pathetic. But what's with her faults?
Now this on the other hand is a wonderful. Oh, it's good right now.
Edmund, wonderful. What's he we can do this time? Jim Hummel will go nuts. You'll fire
Rick and suds on the Edmunds. Perfection. Was it perfection? Did we let that little half a
beat go? Absolutely. So I was listening to that. So anyway, Stan was dribbling on his fries at the
Broward Mall and this lady comes over and says, when the night has come, she did say that.
Well, that was good. If I do admit it myself, that was really good. In fact,
we're going to that's going to be the new format I'm sure. We're just going to take records that
have very interesting musical instrumental pop up bands at the beginning, like the I-85.
We're going to stop them on here. And then we'll bring some of the audience in to see if you can stop them.
Just start. Remember, name that tune. This is going to be stop that tune.
Totally unique in radio. We are doing or as they say on the FM, hit that cue.
We're doing a we're doing pioneering work here on radio. Really? No, what else is doing this?
So Mark Mosley is responsible for all those numbers, huh?
Yeah. Isn't that interesting? He's got all that great material. What's it done for him?
That's the question. What's his number? I know, B2-545-789. That's the number from Mark Mosley.
Give him a call right now. He's probably over there with Tanner. He's still with Tanner?
Far as I do. Oh, oh boy. You notice how Tanner is just abandon us all together now?
I mean, in the beginning it was okay. It was, you know, congratulations.
And it was wonderful. But now that I'm taking all that young audience away, he has an advantage.
You realize that I beat them badly? He was he was a man 18 to 34. He was here with Thornton.
Was here? He's fine. Yeah. 18 to 38. 18 to 34. 34. You beat them. Yes. Young man.
I also talked that kicked their butt at night. I know. Really?
Divis Reese's butt kicked. By the way, we apologize. Sunny Fox claims that he's not calling yesterday.
Of course, it's probably just that he doesn't remember calling yesterday because Kyle said that he was bombed out of his skull.
And also, do you notice the mobile phone callers disappeared yesterday? Did you notice that?
We had one mobile phone call and it was that disgusting young Cuban who just had a mouth like a toilet and a brain to match.
And that was it. The one who only listens to the station because he wants to hear the news.
The news. The news. Not the news. The news. Right.
Yeah. It's radio stuck. Yes. On the 40th. Remember the record by Elvis stuck on you?
That's a kid's favorite song stuck on you.
He was also dribbling on his fries, by the way.
That's Cuban. Yes. This is why he's stuck in the seat of his car.
So I listen to anyway, we have another break to do now. When we come back, we have several categories.
Now, let's see. Now, wait a minute. Let me write them down. We've got talk.
Talk review. It's just like all times it gloves 90 for you getting to review all these stuff.
And then when you leave, you can get to review your pink slip.
Okay. Let's see. The second one is stand by me and there was a third one that I can't even remember anymore.
That just kind of slipped away. What was it? Let's see.
Well, we'll think about it here in the break. It's 17 before 11 at W.I. and Z on the Orogyz.
1045 at W.I. and Z speaking of Don Stoddard.
There's one question. Now, seriously, there's one question I've always wanted to ask Don.
Okay, now that's just a joke. Okay, it's just a joke. He's probably out of town anyway, isn't he?
I hope so. On freebies. Otherwise, he's had a heart attack already.
He's getting freebies somewhere like a new hero.
Hope so. Okay, well, listen, it's going to be really exciting when the bird, I guess that'd be the good name.
Now, we've gone through all of these others. Tweety bird in the vault. You're going to combine them all.
The bird would be great. Whatever you're comfortable with. Yeah, the birds, the word. Okay.
The bird. That's not too bad. You wouldn't want to go crazy and call me glad or anything like that.
I mean, that just wouldn't be right. No, I think this fits.
Oh, well, I'm very, very, very, very in the world. Yeah, I think that's it. That's all right.
Okay, but anyway, the bird is going to do his review on yesterday afternoon's talk line up here at
Miami. It's up Florida. Oh, is that where we are? No wonder I felt depressed.
Facing that the music really sounds good on this radio station on AM. Stan was playing one of his
dumb records the other day. And I was in my car with my $50,000 Alpine radio and it really sounded good.
It was incredible. By the way, we forgot to do something before I played that record.
So let's do it anyway just to get it. And now a continuous neo-rugged music suite.
One song in a row. Three minutes of continuous music on 94. W I N Z.
Okay. Well, better late than never, right? 94. W D Y I Z.
Well, somehow you don't, you just don't say that.
That's how you lead to put it on tape for us 94 I N Z. He got that stentorian voice
with those watermelons of his. You know, he got that deep balls.
See, I just can't do it. Even with my cold, when you got BBs like I do, you can't get down there.
Even with my cold, I don't, I don't know.
No.
Of course, if you didn't have the cold, then it would really be good.
Okay. Kind of like Colonel North, you know, his voice keeps cracking almost every second.
Bones are just, they're really hot. Stan would say man, they're flashing off the hook.
What do we, what's up there, boy? I don't know. They'd probably messages. Don't you think?
Probably a lot of messages like up yours. You know, good stuff like that.
Good intelligent stuff. Stop playing the BBs. Like we, oh yeah.
We don't like, I got news for it. I may play a lot of music today because I'm just in the mood
for it. I'm enjoying it. Out here, oh, bye. Okay. And when you got a 9.9 share, you can enjoy anything.
And I'm going to keep talking about those numbers for years now. Okay.
Even if I go to Binghamton, I'm going to say, hey, you know, in the spring book of 87,
I had these big numbers. They didn't mean anything, but boy, they were big numbers.
Which is nice to have something big. You know what I'm saying?
He's a pot belly. But you watch, boy, I'm going to lose a lot of weight by November 5th.
I'm going to look just like a Pat Peterson. I almost said Paul Peterson, but he's getting a
little old at this stage, right? Remember Paul Peterson? Sure. My dad. Absolutely. Big hit.
He was in that stupid Donna Reed show. Yeah. Paul Peterson. Which he was okay.
Which they still were more than okay. He was pretty good, actually, but that's another story. He's
pretty old now. And it's Pat Peterson. Some of us are desperately trying to get in touch with.
In fact, there are some of us who just go home at night. We dial all area codes and numbers all
over America, hoping that Pat might pick up the phone on the other end. I heard you did that. I did.
Yeah. About a $7,000 phone bill and no luck. You know, it's like the slots in Vegas. You know,
you keep pouring that money in there, hoping to get the $3 million jackpot. And it just doesn't
happen. Usually that then. No, just a lot of lemons come up. Yeah. Fast majority of the time. Exactly.
Now, crowded house. We do want to give a lot of credit to them because it's a great album. Yeah.
And it's on sale at the Soundwear House up there on Oakland Park Boulevard. And if there's anybody out there,
and not even a sponsor, I guess you better write that in. Soundwear House. It's on Oakland just west of
I 95. And it's a great. They got every record and every video. They got all these video clubs. You
know, they've got every video. It's ever been invented. They even had the legend of Billie Jean.
I've seen it. Oh, I've seen it about 400 times. And it just let's see a traction of that film.
Got you so excited. But we have to ask you have to ask that that film. Or there's some pretty
interesting people in that. Well, I like Billie Jean myself. Helen Shaver. No, I don't like Billie Jean.
The movie was originally called fair as fair. Next thing you'll be talking about American anthem
with Micheal or I mean, it's a terrible movie. Yeah, but a lot of flesh. I bet bitch. And then there's
that movie with Emilio Estevez, who's the biggest pin in the ass. That was then. And this is now
you have to name that movie awful. Now awful.
Don't tell me you like that movie. You have this thing for teenage movies. I've noticed you have
an affinity for teed. You said that was an awful movie. I hated it. I absolutely hated that movie.
Then I like Emilio Estevez. I don't like Emilio Estevez. He looks like psychotic.
Martin, he's exactly like I said, he looks psychotic. He does. He looks like Colonel North and drag
or something. Well, now, maybe that. Yeah. Yeah. Emilio Estevez. There's anybody at the audience who
agrees that Emilio Estevez is a major pain in the ass. Let's see it on the phone. Light up those
phones. I'm telling you, he is. He's a big time pain in the neck. He is. He's a nerd. He's a neurotic
nerd. Watch. They're not ringing the phone. They like him. I guess. Of course they like people. They
love him and Broward. Yeah. Okay. Mike Wolf is here with me. Okay. Now, what did you rate that movie?
The tea dangerous. Now, by the way, Stan Major will be playing a middly of Maurice Chivalier's
greatest hits at 12 o'clock, starting off with thank heaven for little girls. I don't know to be very
exciting. I'm Tonya Boy. That girl that got down that escalator alive in the Broward Mall last night.
Thank goodness that she moved very quickly. Well, you know, with their that age, they have a lot of
energy. They could run very bad. This male today, by the way, is award winning. Oh,
word winning. Some of the best male in the history of mankind. I want to thank Howard Barbenel
for sending me a copy of the Miami Jewish Tribune with their speaking lead at a thrill about the
Miami Herald. Of course, we know the Herald is loaded with anti-Semites crawling in the woodwork.
We also speaking of the Herald, somebody has nominated me for the Herald Spirit of Excellence
Awards. A lot of people have. And they really have. They've written you in. Now, what's going to happen
if you were to come up number one? That would be incredible. So everybody can get a hold of one of
those copies of those applications for the Herald Spirit of Excellence Awards. Please nominate me.
And just out of spite, yeah, I think Mr. Capon would be out of town for a long time.
That happened, don't you? You'd be on a long trip on a slow boat to China. Look at that.
Wait a minute now. Here's one of the great bumper stickers in the history of mankind. Have you
seen those? I have not. I've never seen one of these before. It looks just like a Florida license
plate logo. And in green over the orange state, it says, Natevo, my new Florida. This is a classic,
ladies and gentlemen. Really? Natevo, my new Florida. So very creative person. Yeah, very.
That's a good mail here today and a whole stack of crap that we can go through. Yes, we did.
We also got another mail underwear catalog. Melo mail. Is this dress to me? Look who it's dressed to.
Kathy West. Kathy West. And it's all these guys in this horny kind of looking underwear. Look at that.
There's girls. There's some girls in there. They're all pretty ugly guys,
those are matter of fact. These leopard leotards. Holy Toledo. Look at this disgusting,
the adult party toy box. This is for Kathy West. Yeah. Right. A forever delight.
Four plays sensual lubricant. It does like Kathy to be super glide. Tasty loving.
Tasty loving. Super glide. Tasty loving, hot, lickable love lotion. It turns hot when you blow
on it. Enjoy five stimulating flavors. Hot chocolate, hot cinnamon, hot cherry, hot mango.
Oh, I'd be allergic to mangoes and hot pineapples. Seriously, we're not making this stuff up.
This is for Kathy West. Of course. Who else? Oh, here's a lubricant called climax with a
K or a sea hot stuff. Get hot when you breathe on it. I'm serious. Warming the
size oil gets hot when you breathe on it. All hours of fun taste good does not evaporate.
Choose strawberry, cherry, cinnamon or chocolate chocolate chocolate hot stuff.
Here's the hot stuff warming massage oil sampler. Love goddess Afro-Dezia. Somehow I can't envision
Kathy West pouring on Love goddess Afro-Dezia in wild strawberry or cinnamon passion. You can't? No.
Maybe old to toilet in her case. But and then here's all these young ladies in lingerie. Oh,
we better say this for Stan. Stan will have a nervous breakdown. I will. Well, they're a little too
old most of them. They're over the age of 12. But yeah, but he still will have a nervous breakdown.
They're mostly pretty ugly, aren't they? How come it is that so many models are ugly? Have you
ever figured that out? It really are a lot of very ugly models. What are they doing? Sleeping with
somebody? Like these guys here. They're, uh, those are guys. They're not all those guys. Yeah,
see what that is down there right inside. Yeah, that's what I want to say it on the air because
it's a family show. But unless you know some some young ladies who are carrying one of those around
and they're red-basket. Anyway, we also got some interesting books here too. Here's the gay area
private telephone directory. And look at that. There's Pat Peterson's phone number. What's it
doing in here? Holy cow. Come yourself down. What do you please? All right. Look at that. This is
this is so old that the pages have yellow. Yeah, they have. Oh, and they have like that odor. Yeah,
at least I hope that's what they have. They have the odor of mild dude pages.
Well, what year is this from I wonder? 1979. God, you're going to send this dirty stuff at
least make it recent. And here's a really interesting thing. The star-spangled banner is just so
much trash says Joan Baez. And this is also mild dude. Very old. Now the letter inside says
thanks for the very entertaining and informative radio douchebag is probably one of the most kind
phrases you could use on the people you've commented on. Wasn't Nelly in use in 1965?
Alan R. Hope there's no IRS or post office. Trouble. Otherwise screen them with regret. Screw them
with regrets. And it's got it's got a glossary in here. A glossary of homosexual slang.
Should we read these on the air? These are very funny, by the way. I think a couple. We read a few of
them. Anti an elderly homosexual. Anti bag a fellow homosexual derogatory. Bag?
Bag. I think they got the first letter wrong. Basket. No, I don't want to read that. That's the male
genitals and region immediately surrounding as in this catalog over here. The basket. A
basket. A basket. A basket. Days. A period of mild weather that permits went men to wear garments
light enough to reveal the contours of their baskets. Beating the dummy. Now I will move on.
Yeah. Oh, the next one's even more auto erotic. Bell. A fellow homosexual. Why never heard of these?
I would either never. Best. A term applied to a fellow homosexual usually preceding an
admonition as in listen here. Best. Best. Biff. A public restroom. Now bitch. A blatant homosexual.
Blind, uncircumcised. Oh, bring out. Bull. Bull and elderly female homosexual.
No, don't say it. Come on. Don't say it. They don't complete the word.
They were. Don't say her name. Okay. Why would we get to pull some terrible things here?
Butch. Campy. Crews. To circulate in pubic places for chance pickups. Daisy chain. Dike.
Dildo. Boy, they're just a douchebag. Now listen to this. Okay.
Derogatory. A fellow homosexual. So when I call Sunny Rosenberg a sub-human douchebag with a
Zanta, I totally looked like a flaming fagula. Look at, look and see if they got mung in there.
Fanny Bellhop. A homosexual employed in a hotel usually as a bellboy. Queen. A homosexual.
This is the most commonly used designation for themselves and for each other. Swish. T-Rome.
Truck driver. Whoops. Wig. Wolf. Boy, they're just, it goes on and not meat rack. Screaming fairy.
Hair burger. Oh, I don't think we should have said that. No, that's okay. A homosexual
or works as a beautician or hairdresser is a hair burger. I'll be done. Oh, you're like this one.
Well, I'll read the definition first and I'll read the phrase. A soldier to whom a homosexual is attracted.
Government inspected meat. That's pretty bad. Pretty clever, isn't it? Fruit. Fish queen.
Somebody who works at a fish market. No, a homosexual who consorts with women. Fish queen.
Leather bars. Lilly. Limpurist. Luke. Marge.
Barge. Oh, they're just a lot of really wild stuff in here. What stands picture doing that little girl?
That's some good reading today. What's he doing in there with no white in the seven dwarves?
Boy, that's great. Isn't that good? We got some good stuff in the mail today. And if there's
anybody who'd like to share with us or go to Hawaii, that would be disgusting trolling on the air.
You know, we've had a lot of people bring us records we've asked for. I wonder if any would
could bring us Marie Chivalier and we could start a stage show with that every day.
What do you think?
What's the name of that? That's a record. That is a record. Honest.
Now, you're going to get down to business or not. Oh, I've gave you an assignment in the last hour.
Yeah. Three things that you're supposed to report on. You have the right here. Yes, I do.
It's good that I made a list. Otherwise, by now, we would have forgotten them. And it's already time
for the first break of this hour. Isn't that incredible? I can't believe it. I know it. And the lines
are lighting frantically like they really think we're going to take some stupid calls here today.
I still say this bumper sticker is the best ever. Nate Tivo, Miami, Florida. That is the best.
You want to put that on your car? Sure. No way, Jose. Let's put it on Charlie Whitehead's car.
Okay. I'm going to put it right on here because I love it so much. I don't, or nearly,
I get upset when people put stuff on our lovely, but this one copy stand here and it really is
lovely. But this is apropos. I wonder what lovely means in that closet. There it is. Look at that.
Isn't that beautiful? Keep that in mind. So when you hear esponial spoken on this radio station,
you'll know that Neil inspired it with that whoever sent that to us, we thank you profusely.
And I bet you can make a lot of money selling those, right? I like it. We didn't ask.
Okay. It's 19 past 11 at W.I. and Z. We have the birds in the building and he's going to be
reviewing all kinds of things here. He'll be reviewing that new movie. This is then and that was
now or that was then and this is now how could you attack that movie? It's one thing to attack
Jinx because it's popular to attack that movie and say that, you know, they didn't get along and they
hated each other and it was just a douchebag movie. It was a very funny movie. It was that
middle or it was hysterical. No. No. I'm not going to tell you I liked it if I did like it. It was
hysterical. I'm not going to pay it was a very funny movie. But you see you. You're so
able to cost for it. You know, so what do you get along with? Because you're soots. See the soots,
they know which movies you're supposed to say you like and then the ones that you don't like.
If it has subtitles, it's certainly it's we love it. Like La Cajua 4. Love it. Exactly.
La Cajua 4, 1, 2 and 3. Oh, there's three. There's three. I didn't see three. I have an
either. I don't think it was ever released. Really? I think it's running out of cable.
But that's subtitles. Cost of me. Who wants to see a bunch of French cops running around
in underwear? You know, a lot of people. I sure did. Okay, 20 minutes past 11 and WI.
It's amazing to me how everybody missed out. I missed it and everybody else did. Jim Hampton,
the brilliant editor of our favorite newspaper of the Miami Herald had in Sundays paper the same
day that Mr. Lighthead, I guess, got everybody's attention with his column. On the editorial page,
Jim Hampton is a great column. And of course, if you write enough of him sooner or later,
one will be great. Please let sleeping patros lie in which he besieges the Metro commissioners to,
you know, hold us hearing on the 1st of September, let everybody blow off their steam and then say
no way Jose to this referendum and to get rid of all this embarrassing garbage.
Congratulations, Jim Hampton. We always love the Miami Herald. And of course, if you'd like to
cancel the Herald in Dade County, 350 2000 and imbroured 462 3000. And here he comes direct from the
WINZ Water Cooler, where we've just been discussing Ricky Tickie. Boy, you're just all choked up. Why
don't you get something to drink? I did. Did you? Yeah. I'll live, I think. Okay, well, a lot of people have just
obsessed out on that. They they've upset. That's what we're here for. Boone in the box, male.
Smell that wonderful, wonderful. Now we're getting overwhelmed by Boone in the box, but that's because
everybody in town has got at least one or two now. We sit out so many. Now we want to hear from young
ladies in the audience today about real or imagined. No, we don't really want to hear from anybody.
There's a lot of male here. That letter was more certified, was it? Which one? That was one you would
buy. Look, I was. No, I don't think so. That's a marking. Now that we have a job offer.
Hey, listen, I'm Tony. I'm getting a big call from Fredonia, New York tonight, man. Look out.
Fredonia. Fredonia. Fredonia. Your Jamestown. It's right near Erie. Why are you reading my male?
Is there anybody? Oh, this is from that. Irving. Check them again. Yeah, looks like some good
things. Irving. Irving. Here we go. Mr. Rogers, just because you have difficulties with the
Miami Herald, why should all the lemons sick schmucks cancel their subscriptions for one thing.
They are devoid of thinking power. Those idiots that hang on your every word are pathetic. Of course,
I have no intention of canceling mine. Your attack on whitehead is proof positive that for the most
party was on target. Audio snail Irving, Shackman, North Bay Village Irving, every month has to write
us another one of these. You know what I'm saying? And then of course, he puts on his little mini pad
and away he goes out to his golf game with his little blue cap and his wide shoes. There goes Irving.
Oh, you know, Irving. We might play the ballad of Irving. We ought to, shouldn't we?
Yeah, make his day. We have that. You're kidding. Are you serious? We don't. Are you kidding, we have?
I can't believe it. Can't believe what? That we have it.
He was short and fast and rode out of the west with a mogan David on his silver vest. He was mean and
nasty right there through, which was kind of weird because he was yellow too. They called him Irving.
Big Irving. Big short Irving.
Big short fat.
The 142nd fastest gun in the west. Okay, that's enough of that. That's good for Irving
Shackman in North Bay Village, who hates me, hates the show and never misses a void. Never misses a
void that I say on this show. I'll see it suckersaving, which reminds me, I can you believe that
on Zeta this morning, I guess the nuke issue of South Florida magazine just came out the
August issue of that pathetic silver and myer piece of crap. We know the one that Peter Clayton
sholes for the forage and other places in. And anyway, they always had that best in the worst thing.
Oh, it's that in this one. And the best deli, they said was the Villa deli over on South Beach,
which is very, you know, it's very in there. It's good. And so freaking fracked there on our FM
in this morning. We're asking other people to call in with other delis. I think they had a call.
And this guy, this guy said the Rascal House. Oh, my God. And they very obediently, they played his tape.
And he went out about their marvelous, mottable soup and a delicious crepline and their
chopped liver. And I'm going to tell you something, boy, anybody who thinks that the food there is
sensational needs a taste bud transplant. I agree. Boy, and they were going along with it.
Because they were so excited to get that call. The crew villain at AK who was listening to Zeta,
he thought it meant Zadie. Zadie 94.9. Oh, hey, the villa is still good, but it is good.
It's not like the old villa. It's not like the deli din. And we don't want to troll for food on
the ear here today. But we've decided that we're really starving like Elvis hungry. And that was
playing. I opened an envelope, one of many letters today. And look what it says in the envelope.
There are two pages in article that says Elvis eats. Look at that. Elvis eats. And it's even got
Presley's passion. His favorite peanut butter, two slices of white bread, two tablespoons of
peanut butter smooth or chunky, one small banana that peeled mashed to a pulp, and two tablespoons
of butter or margarine. And even with directions, spread peanut butter on one slice of bread,
spread mashed banana on the other, gently press slices together. Milk butter and small frying pan
over medium low heat, fry sandwich on one side until golden brown, flip and fry other side,
if adding bacon and shirt after grilling. What's that out of? Do you have any?
You say at the Iran contra hearings in shirt after grilling? Oh, the lights are flickering. Oh,
oh, there's a store outside. Another one. A stand major storm is coming early. Early, yeah. That's
good. That means we have a captive audience now. And of course, if you pick up the phone,
you're going to get electrocuted. So don't call us. We'll call you. We'll call you. We care about
our audience. We don't want you to get hurt. So don't mucky around with the phone. Supposedly,
Rick oven was selected the best pizza in the South Florida. Really? It shows that they have
excellent taste over there. I've always commended them on their great taste in everything except talk
radio. Elvis eats. He was one of the greatest eaters ever known in America. That's what it says.
Nearly every profile of the young Elvis who died 10 years ago this month included an amazing
inventory of the biscuits and burgers bacon and eggs, quarts of milk and whole coconut cakes that he
wolfed down each evening after performing in a high school gym or PFW Hall. One newspaper claim
he had nothing but pork chops and mashed potatoes three times a day. Bacon was one of Elvis's favorite
foods, but he never ate just a few strips. He devoured it by the pound. At home, he usually kept a
big bowl full of crisp bacon atop his piano to snack on while he practiced. Breakfast on the road
is manager revealed in 1956, consisted of a couple of eggs fried so hard you can hammer them.
Always accompanied by several orders of bacon bacon. Elvis insisted that his food be well done. Bacon
eggs hamburger steak. In restaurants, he inevitably returned food to the kitchen so the cook could
char it further. I didn't know that. See, you're learning something now and it came just at the
magical moment that we were playing that piece. See how they open up the mail and boom, it's Elvis eats.
What a deformative show this is. This is incredible today, folks. You'll never hear this on the
Mike Miller show. At the gridiron, his favorite open all night burger shop was on what is now Elvis
pressley Boulevard in Memphis. Waitresses remember slapping patties on the grill.
As they heard Elvis slapping his patties. Now as they heard Elvis and his entourage rumble into the
lot on their Harley Davidson's in the wee wee hours of the morning. That's only one wee there.
That's Chanel's restaurant. Another of his hangouts near Graceland.
They served him heaps of biscuits which he liked sliced,
soft with butter and filled with sausage patties. In addition to sausage biscuits, one of his favorite
downhomes snacks was cornbread accompanied by a glass of buttermilk. He liked to dip each piece of
bread in the milk, turning it into what he called a soak. A big wet.
Jim Brady. It is also true that he periodically binged on favorite things like banana yogurt,
honeydumel and Spanish omelettes and nut and chocolate topped ice cream cones. Sure,
he burned thousands of calories every night as the nation's only atomic powered singer.
But then Elvis got fat. In fact, he had a weight problem most of his adult life,
alternately feasting and dieting. As happens to all of us when we near 40, his metabolism slow to
became harder to knock off extra pounds. The tabloids had a field day printing pictures that showed him
at his worst. When he died, he weighed about 250 pounds and was on a crashed diet in preparation
for a concert tour. The snack he liked most was a grilled peanut butter sandwich,
a grilled peanut butter and banana sandwich.
You've bought his record. You've seen his film. You've even purchased the day glow velvet
memorial paintings of the gas station. As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all.
But wait, there's more. Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations.
Yes, it's the Elvis tapes. Hello, baby. This is Elvis. I want you to come over right now and
make me a big. The other is Elvis. We're really good. You're with the band.
You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments. Oh, okay, so,
a minute, please. Yeah, this is the Elvis. Won't you bring over a couple large paws?
Don't make it. Make it three. Don't make a sex double cheese. Yeah, I'm hungry.
I'm alone and I'm hungry.
And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one true love of his life.
I want you back. I want you back in my life, baby.
And I don't do way back. But you pick up some donuts, please.
Lake jelly cream donuts. Crullest cheese, Danish two. All of my baby honey glues donuts.
Oh, without them, I can't do the Elvis tapes.
Okay, baby. Give me. Give me. Give me more. Dolders.
Available now. We've run stores everywhere.
Oh, I'll eat. I'll eat. I'll eat. I'm on to one to two.
I'll give you a big bottle to forget it.
If you want to dress it up, Elvis style include three or four slices of crisp bacon
between the peanut butter and the mashed banana.
It's finger-licking good. Well, I'm Tony. It's coming down cats and dogs.
Just absolutely thundering and lightning and pouring and just doing all kinds of obscene things out
there. So I better get home early and wait for my important call from Albany.
Isn't this great? Look at this caustic note.
You made a great contribution. And in a few days, you'll probably drop the whole thing and
blame the English only or some other group for being bigots.
Your usual fine chameleon process says and stored in Miami.
Some stupid goofball who wants us, you know, every day to scream away at George Valdes
in a bilingual thing. You know, pick up the phone, make the call. You jerk.
Don't call us. We'll call you. You know, these people you can never satisfy them in this town.
They just can't handle it. And as far as those English-only people, boy.
You have what is this? You have all you got it all together, man.
Native Hollywood 35 years old asshole center and great Carter and Graham.
It just it just words. Look at that. Just written can't take this sh anymore.
You fight it. You'll lose. Blame Carter and Graham says a hostile hysterical
Edward Bowley in Hollywood. Yeah, they're all freaked out today, man.
Male is really El Frico.
Well, look at this. Here's the best radio. Oh, here's the best and the worst right here.
The male today is like magic. Oh, we have to talk about something. We open the male and there's
there's what we're looking for. Elvis's diet. Now we've got South Florida's best and worst
from the August South Florida magazine. See page 41 for the best radio personality.
Well, you can be sure it's not me. Oh, no. Best radio personality.
You're not going to believe this. Are you standing up or sitting down? You better lie on the floor.
Somehow, everyone out there loves this nasty and proud of it, man. Neil Rogers.
What are you doing listening to radio anyway? Go and write a letter or something.
We prefer something a bit more civilized with a touch of sophomore acumen like WGTR's
Herman and McBean in the mornings. So in other words, what they're admitting is that in the,
because they have people right in with their choices. Somehow, everyone out there loves this nasty
and proud of it, man. Neil Rogers. They like Herman and McBean, which is great. So in other words,
everybody else in South Florida loves this show. Sylvan and Ann Meyer love Herman and McBean,
who aren't even on the air. Great. Excellent. And they also love Jimmy Carter, by the way. Just
remind you of that. Sylvan Meyer from Georgia. He's like he's like a reject Larry King clone. Have you ever
met Sylvan Meyer? I talked like they looks like Larry King with those silly glasses. And what's a
question? You know, that's his whole thing. So evidently, they didn't really come right down and
say it though. Did they they couldn't quite come out and say in plain English that anybody could
easily understand except where he valedays. They didn't say that Neil Rogers was selected as the
best radio personality. They said that everybody out there loves him, but we don't like we like,
you know, we prefer something a bit more civilized. Someone who won't call Sylvan and Ann douche
bags, even though they really are. Now we're going to be having Ann on his against in the new
now or to talk about concentration camps. That's all she can talk about. Remember, she used to have
a talk show on QAM years ago and you could be talking about drag racing in the backyard, you
know, like or loud cars and all of a sudden she would be manipulated in 15 seconds into concentration
camp talk. In fact, she was her favorite TV show was a few downs. Remember concentration? Sure.
Sort of like the way Stan turns everything into talking about my little girls. Yeah. And help
by going to Miami vice in the little girls on Miami vice. Yeah, you're right. He does. He
could have the mayor on here. And he would say, Mr. Mayor isn't great that we have a local big TV
show being filmed here in Miami. Have you been on the set? Did you meet Don? Yeah.
I couldn't believe the way turned the interview with Alibra in to a discussion of Miami vice.
That was amazing. I used to listen to WNWS off and on all day, but now like the lady caller said,
there's no hotline for Neil Rogers addicts. We are lost when you aren't on go.
At center, it's at center, isn't that wonderful? They just love this show. They love it. But we like
something even the readers of that douchebag magazine South Florida magazine with all their
shill restaurant reviews. And we are hungry by the way if there's anybody in the it's raining now.
We'll never get any food here. Maybe even to salvos would send a couple of pizzas. You think so?
They're in very nice people at the salvos and their pizza is great. And they've been very kind to us.
They've sent over a lot of food and today, you know, I did very well by the way over the weekend.
I've maintained my... Did you?
Haven't lost any more, but I kept off the few pounds that I lost and I'm doing okay. I had a good day
yesterday. Didn't pick out. No. I come. Well...
Headed in the right direction. Exactly. And by November 5th, my birthday, I'm going to look exactly
like pant-peaters. We're going to put together our new promotional pictures to send out to the
audience. I'm serious. What is this all about? Very long letter. By the way, in the
orange's form of humor, I called the Harold Cancel Day subscription that I didn't have in the first
place. That's good. That's okay. Yeah. There's no prerequisite of already having a subscription
to the Harold to call and say adios are even there. Good bye forever and stick it where the
moon don't shine. But of course that would be abusive commentary. And we don't want you to abuse
the Harold. We just want you to cancel it. Here's another copy of that thing out of the voice,
our Catholic Church loves us. They want everybody to cancel and all you have to boycott this show
and his W.I.N.C. have a right to put this guy on a ear who tells the truth about priest in the
Catholic Church. No way, Jose. Please don't let the management get to you, says Rosemary. And Rosemary
has got an article in here. Radio station vows to lesson shock format. Oh yeah, this is WAPE
in Jacksonville. Oh yeah. And there's a bunch of valunatics up there. The Interfaith Council of
Jacksonville had been monitoring the top rated show for several months in a campaign to rid the
airwaves of shock radio and they had been sending tapes to the FCC saying the show violated the
parameters of decency established by the commission members of the council's task force on radio
obscenity applauded the radio station decision. Another religious group of nuts who are up there.
And of course in Jacksonville, they cave in real fast as opposed to Miami where it takes a few
months. Now we're not cave in. We're going to do our thing and if there's anybody out there that
gets upset about it, they can, you know, stick it. That's a bottom line. Very simple. Nobody forces
you to listen to this show, right? Really? Nobody forces them to listen to a Reed Sylvan Myers magazine,
either. Oh. And what might this be? This is the best thing from the reunited village people.
We're still macho macho men. Just when you thought it was safe to go back to the Y,
the village people, the cowboy, the Indian, the construction worker, the biker, the GI,
and the cop are planning a world tour as opposed to the century village people who are touring
publics. Where is it? What? What are you looking for? Anything. Okay. Well, listen, we're tying in
everything that comes in a mail, right? Something we're doing on the air, right?
Okay, that's for Stan.
And Snow White. This really has been a good mail today, isn't it? It's a
mess that calls yesterday stunk. The calls were pathetic. They were weird. And the mail today
turns out to be great. The people at the Broward Mall last night were sensational.
Now look at this. Talk about a letter. Look, I'm really going to read this.
God, why Britain to single space, five full pages, typewritten single space. This is like a novella,
isn't it? Yes. Like a short novel. On and on and on. This is a cover letter to writings that I
will send you periodically. Oh, good. If I can, if I can, I'll get the entire story to you
in less than a month's time. Oh, God. Oh, boy. And then the last in the last paragraph, it says,
Neil, that's all for today. Look for more. Look, Neil, I'll catch the movie if it's okay. All right.
Yeah. This past that exactly. Speaking of movies, the bird is going to be reviewing Stan Bimey.
Also, yesterday, after doing his talk shows around the market because he was homesick. Yeah.
Oh, look at this. Hey, we're going to talk about it. Let me just, we're just loaded with mail today.
It's taking me hours just to go through the mail. I don't want to miss anything good. I want to
share it with the audience because the audience has been so fantastic. That's right.
Dear Neil Rogers, and I'm not tinkling, you have slain the giant and he lies there bleeding.
You must have put a terrific dent into the readership and they're most, they're not smart enough,
not to let you know. The giant is not only bleeding, he's crying. What a picture worth more than a
thousand words. I love the way you inject that terrific song where you're born in a hole.
Isn't that great? And it's signed C Simon. I didn't even know Carly listened to the show.
Oh, serious. Now listen to everybody in the publishing business. He knows all about the
Harold and those fakers over there like our old, our ex-friends, Linda Thornton and Bill Conner.
I'm serious. Here's something all about George Valdez and Charlie Whitehead on and on and a
couple of phone numbers. Sorry, Byron, but I don't think so. Not this way. Unless you want to go to Hawaii.
Send a picture. Is that the, do you think anybody, any young men out there going to send pictures you want to go
Hawaii? Full body pictures or just face? I'm not interested in those dirty pictures like we were
getting. No, no, no, but I met the whole body. Wow. Yeah. Or just the face from head to ankle. Okay.
What's that? That's it. That's the male. It was sensational. We applaud the audience for a really
spectacular performance. Very good. And our favorite of course was the Kathy West underwear catalog.
The TNA patrol. Give that one to Stan. Yeah, we'll say that for Stan. Now look at the, look at these.
Sure. Look at these. These are shirts that you can order. Right. And I can't read them on the
ear. How do you like that? Well, you want me to try? I've ordered some of those for people.
One of these says, feeling a little romantic, go blank yourself. I see you can't read them off these.
No. I used to jog, but the ice kept falling out of my glass.
Still crazy after all these beers. Thank you for holding your breath while I smoke.
I have trouble remembering names. Can I just call you asshole? I like that.
A penny for your thoughts. 20 bucks to act them out. Mechanics are proud of their tool.
If you like sex and travel, go take a blanking hike. Yeah. That's a good one. Stupid people shouldn't
breed. Now I like that one a lot. I think it was a lot of truth. Seriously. Absolutely.
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for somebody who gives a essay. No one is ugly after 2am.
Well, I'm going to have to start going out late. Yeah, closing time. Exactly.
Boy, there's some really wild stuff in there. I've already I've already been reading these. Sure,
I've gotten some. Give it to people for presents. Here's a good one. You must be walking backwards.
All I can see is an asshole. That's good. I like that.
Yeah. There's another one in very small types. Stop staring at my, oh, I better not say.
Yeah. You can't say tits on here. No. Okay. Maybe we could get some of these for some people around here.
Well, get along fine as soon as you realize I'm God. That's cute. Good one for you.
Alamone, the screwing you get for the screwing you God. It's Alabodee cold. Yes. Yeah.
Here's another one that has one of the words that was in that little glossary. Be kind to animals,
take a bitch to dinner. These are cute. Well, this is all in the Kathy West catalog, which we're
sharing with the audience today because it's raining and cloudy and mong and we just want to keep the
audience safe and taking care of it. We don't have time for calls. Of course not. We haven't even
started with those three heavy categories that you have to take care of today on the shoulder
or on your keep. We got two of them done, but there's three of them. What do you mean? We got two of
them done. We got Broward Mall done. No, no, those are not your categories. That's my show where it says
one, two, two. You have nothing to do with the Broward Mall. Thank God. It's just like the guy who reads,
reads my mail, reads my couple of little notes that I write on the log. I write like about five words
on there just to remind me to talk about certain things. Yeah. And I like you're taking credit for
those like Mark Mosley takes credit for the 9.9 share from 10 to two. Well, how many points of that?
Let me ask you a question. If I had a 9.2 and man 25 to 54, knowing that Daffy chased away all the
young demographics from 10 to three, that was the midday time period. It wouldn't be interesting to
see what that number was from 10 to two, taking her hour out, like definitely over a 10,
men 25 to 54. And if I had a 7.9 in men 18 to 34, then there is no doubt that it was well over an
eight, right? Between 10 and two. Sure. Yeah. She lost half the audience at two. Of course, Stan is
going to come in. I'm going to four warn you today. He called me last night because I gave him,
I made the mistake of giving him that month by month breakdown. And he saw that in June, we had
this big leap in a younger demographic and overall audience. And he calls me last night, well,
what percentage is this? And blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So he's going to do a whole
number today of self-aggrandizement and how he's killing him, based on two weeks. He was only
on the year two weeks and three days of that June part of the spring book. And listen, more
power to him. He's doing well, not great, but he's doing very well. If I say great, then he'll
start chasing girls at Broward Mulligan today. No, seriously, he's doing just fine. He's not
keeping those younger demos. I guess he is. He's going to do four hours today. Numbers with
decimal points exactly after two. Exactly. Okay. And here I was going to give him this great compliment
about a show yesterday. Don't do it. I guess you're right. Don't do it. Okay. Well, you can do it
after we play thank heaven for little girl. I'm a reshivalia. Oh, I got to find that record. Is
anybody in the audience got that by Marisha? I'll bring it by thank heaven for little girls.
Well, that will be great. We can play that show every day. Right before Stan show every day.
Right before two. We'll play every day. No white can come in off the escalator at Sears.
I'm telling you, you want to see a man move fast?
They know, they said to me, he said it's a good thing that you were with me. There's no telling
what might have happened. I agree with that. I know. I agree with that. Holy Toledo.
Maybe we can get some diaper sponsors. If he was eight, you know, if she was eight,
that's spelled E-I-G-A. Okay.
That must be what they were smoking at the Sound Florida magazine. I put some of this together.
You know, like the best TV anchor and bishop. And you know, I'd like to tie into my ship.
I don't mean boat. I mean ship. Like the SS Norway. I'm only kidding. Anne is good.
Is that all that? The network is so much better than Anne. I agree. And the worst
Solan Gray. Can you believe that Solan Gray was a WXYZ in Detroit was excellent. He's excellent.
He's just fine. He is very, very good. But of course on Channel 6 nobody looks good because they
have that ugly set. And you know, they all look like Larry Wallenstein when they get on Channel 6.
It's got that. That will be a news time is 302. In fact, he sounds kind of like Brian Norcross.
I think there are a whole bunch of these people are all the same person. Like Larry Wallenstein
and Brian Norcross. And who else sounds and Ron Sacks? Probably a news time.
I miss Ron. Do you miss Ron? He was good. Oh, well, I miss that voice. He was excellent. Yeah.
Great Charles. You know, what some of the other categories is we mentioned earlier, the best
pizza here it is. The Mamamia. It's the brick oven pizza. He had West Hollywood. And number two,
if you haven't had pizza cooked in a real wood fired brick oven, then maybe you should see.
Keep reading. We know what we're talking about. We're going to. And then of course they go off the
deep end. Then they say close to the top number two, like the top of your throat, where you're just
getting where you're getting ready to put the barf bag just on the outside is one of my favorite.
Top of our little Caesars in South Miami. And I see it right on target with brick oven,
which is excellent. But when they got the little Caesars, they lost it. I love. Laura
Caesars on the 79th Street Causeway, which is excellent. Yeah. And Villa Italia in curlgables. I
don't know what then. I enjoy little Caesars. They left out the little Caesars as mong. It's too salty.
It is not. Okay. Now if anybody wants to talk to us, we're going to take a few calls. If there's
anybody who'd like to critique the first couple of hours of the day in Dade County, 624. Well,
I want to get a few calls on here. You know, hate call. We got this great audience and we'll see
how they are. They're good. We'll take a few more. And if not, it's audio's because you got a
lot to talk about. Yeah. We also have, um, in Dade, 624, 9400 in Broward, 524, 9400. If you'd like to
speak to fricking frack, they're flashing like a best newsstand. Joe's in South Miami. Well,
that's no, no big news. Everybody knows everybody knows everybody knows Joe's. Yep. Of course,
it's the only new stand in Dade County. That's right. That's where I go. I wonder where it was there.
The best hamburger, the tourist restaurant in the Grove. I never had a burger there. No,
never had me either. I don't go to the Grove. I stayed the hell out of the Grove. I used to live
in the Grove. And as a matter of fact, speaking of the Grove, where's the thing about the best
people watching? Where did you find that? It's in there somewhere. The Grove. It says,
best people watching. And I get to it. Can I get to it first before you? It's near the front.
You've healed the answer on the ear. Oh, no. Come on. It's the best ice cream. Our readers chose
Hogan does Ben and Jerry's wins with us. Oh, another one of those. Well, yeah, you see,
they don't really care about what the readers say. Oh, best stone crabs at the forge on Miami Beach.
Big and beautiful. You see, they had to get the forge in here somewhere. They shill. But the
forge is such a degree that it's embarrassing. Well, you know, where the hell do you see this? Best,
I don't see it. You want me to find it? Best Chinese, Canton too. What, yeah, the Canton is,
fantastic. I didn't make that up. It was in there. Best people watching. Best cruising place.
The Broward Mall. No, it doesn't. No, it doesn't. But it is. Broward Boardwalk. It says something
about best people watching. It doesn't have any such people watching. I did not make it up. I just
rented those shopping spots. May fair. Los Olis Boulevard and Worth Avenue. Local celebrities. Oh,
somebody's going to be very upset with Sylvan and Ann Meyer, ladies and gentlemen. Somebody's going
to be real unhappy at two o'clock. Somebody's going to be pissed on W. I. N. Z. And his name is
Major. Oh boy. Local celebrities. Are you haven't seen this? Have you? No. Oh boy. Oh boy.
Best, Hulio Iglesias. Such a nice guy. Everyone loves him except the neighbor who
complained about his dogs and what about the Hulio Zapato line of shoes? Worst. Worst. I know who
is. Can I get it? It wouldn't be Donald Johnson. It would. Worst. Don Johnson. The ego that
crushed Collins Avenue. Stayed. We'll be in today. Somebody's going to be really upset in
the house. Ladies and gentlemen, somebody's going to be really unhappy at two p.m. Let's take
a couple of calls here. We got a mobile caller on two. Hello. Yeah, good luck to you, sir. You're
cheap skate. How about you? Are you still there? I am. And you say what, sir? I said, I'd love to
go to Hawaii with you. I'll bet you would. That's what I say. Oh, you're not my type, sir. How do you
very well? Have a good day. Wait a minute. What? You weren't really serious now. I am serious. I have
vacation coming to me. How old are you? 28. Okay, two old. Okay, sorry. Okay. I don't find this
place. No, he sounded like a nice guy. No, don't take it personally. I'm sure you're a really nice guy.
But that's much too old. I'd love to go to Hawaii. I wanted to go out with some guy. 28.
Much too old. Not just too old. You can't find that. Can you? It's not in here. I'll find it for
if you want me to. Well, you best record store. Now see, they know nothing. Okay, vibrations and then
yard birds and specs. The sound warehouse on Oakland Park Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale is so much
the best record store anywhere in this town. And they don't even know from it. Okay. By the way,
we got two open lines in Broward. We said we'd take some calls. So, you know, I don't know what
your story is, but the number in Broward is 5249400. We have a Miami call for the bird. Hello. Hi,
Neil. Hi. I just wanted to say that I love that Glen Hill. He has got a blast that
comes across. I love him. I would love to go to Hawaii with Glen Hill. Well, he's not going to Hawaii.
Is it? No. What about? I'd like to take. Would you take a bowed on getting him an hour show?
Getting him what? At an hour show. Get off of here. Well, you'll play. Go away, lady.
1214 at W.I.N.Z. We do have some open lines. See, I opened the phones finally and I think we're
going to come. They don't want to speak to us. Now, they don't want to talk to me. These calls have been
great. Now you go ahead. First, we had that rather swishy sounding guy on the mobile phone. He
was okay. I'm just kidding. They're not in here. And not trolling on the air. I am not trolling.
What do you call it? I'm desperate. If you have me, I will find it over and over again. I will find
it. There is no such category. I'll tell you what, pick up places. Best. Bassides, barbaloo,
biscane babies in the grove, shooters in Boynton or stingers in West Palm Beach, worst traffic
court, the intensive care unit, any prison waiting room, any grocery store, even on singles
night, blasphemous, blasphemous, blasphemous. They're ripping windixina and also pubics on singles
night. I'm telling you that Anne Meyer and Sylvan Meyer, those two put together on a scale of zero
minus infinity. Best bakery, best cup of coffee, best two dollar bet is Joey, a dainier highlight.
Best deli, best donuts, lounge acts, narks, worst self-inflicted blow to the arts, best Cuban food,
islas canaria, spest seafood, best stone crabs, best pizza, best buffet, elected officials,
best thrift store, best beach, best dance place, local celebrities, best neighborhood bar.
There is no such thing as the category you're talking about. It's not in here. It doesn't exist.
I've read them all on the air, lounge acts, point sienna street, best old-fashioned drugstore,
best weekend getaway, best park, best art in pubic places, best bakery. There's no such category.
Best breakfast greasy spoon, best romantic restaurant, newspaper columnist, commercials,
international host. It's not in here. There's no such place.
Okay, go ahead. You find it. You make it up while I take another call and read the message on
the screen. Joeyan said that two people called in with this name as Emilio's co-star Craig Shefford.
Craig Shefford, that's it. See, immediately you gave me the first name and I knew the last name.
It came back to me like a flash. Craig Shefford. And you don't know that name? No.
Shame on you. Hang your head in shame. Some movie reviewer who doesn't remember a name in a body
like that. Shame on you. Didn't strike me. Mr. Bird. About 25 at 94 INZ on the O'Rodger stand,
Major's going to be here. He is going to be really foaming at the mouth today at 2 o'clock when he
when he responds to Sylvan and Ann Myers disgraceful attack against on Johnson. Now we have a
full board of calls that are a lot of people are going to get on the air but unfortunately,
they'll don't you. It's just wonderful. Miami Beach. Hello. Yes. This is me. Yeah, this is you. Yeah,
me from Boston. Oh yeah, get lost. Homestead. Hello. Homestead is gone. Okay. Well,
audio. So we have an open line in date. 6249400. I'm not going back to that guy. Miami Beach. No
way. Jose. No chance. We're not going to talk to anybody from Boston ever again. I've had it with
Boston. That's with jolly dark exactly. Johnny rabbit. Miami Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes.
By this deep throat. I'm calling you to wish Glenn happy return.
May he make she keep showing your toes. It's great. Yeah. I wonder if in the the catalog you're
looking through. Does it have any jock straps in there like the other one you're looking at? No,
this is not a jock strap catalog. This doesn't have any of those. I wondered if you have the Jerry
Wichner signature model with the lifelike dinel pubic hairs. Oh yeah, in fact, that isn't here. Now
that I notice it under sheer mesh. Also question. Last week I heard on your WIMZ with Ron Harris and he
said that there was a request for black organ donors. This is true. It was on last week. My
spies told me that the first person on the list or see that as Pat Boone for obvious reasons.
I say what you're waiting for. Wait a minute. I got something for Pat right now. It's number K
in the catalog. You'd say, oh, you're not going to believe this. Yeah. It's a hop-along Peter. Yeah.
No, I'm serious. It's on it's on two little feet. It's a novel wind-up tie for adults. You
wind it up and it hops. It hops. And you can even stick it in the cardboard box. What does it hop
do? It just hops around on the table. Hopped to Maloo, I think is what it does.
With all this is stirring, you're calling about the commissioners, right? Beverly Phillips has a new
campaign slogan. Yeah. I'm fat as hell and I'm not going to bake anymore. That's good. I like that.
That's excellent. And by the way, have you noticed that Beverly Phillips and Nikki Grossman have
never been seen in the same place? Very true. In fact, she has another slogan, eat for success.
I mean, they're not the same person. I mean, there's no place big enough to hold them both at the
same time. Correct. Okay. They ought to go in. Have a wonderful life, sir. Nice to hear from you,
deep throat. Plantation. Hello. Hey, Neil. Tell the girls from Memphis.
Is she needs any furniture? I got a house full of furniture on selling. Why? What are you going?
I'm moving in. I just called to say I'm going to miss you. Are you serious? Where are you going to?
I'm going up north, back to Chicago. Oh my god. Back to the States. Back to the States. Back to civilization.
I can't believe it. Shame on you, leaving us all alone here to suffer. What can I say? I don't know.
I just, I didn't listen to you for a long time. I never call you. But I'm going to miss you.
So I just wanted to call to say bye. Well, good luck. Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
That depressing. Very, very depressing. I can't believe she's going to leave us here alone.
It's a deal with all of this. A deal with Stan. Oh, and Snow White. And all these other
manic things in South Florida. We have an open line indeed. Better keep those lines full, folks.
Or it's us still away. Well, what do you think? These calls have been a lot better than what we had
yesterday. Oh, yesterday was just calls yesterday. It was like they were from another planet. Exactly.
What did I do to deserve that? That was last week was great. Everybody was into it. And the
Saturday was even good. And then all of a sudden I come in yesterday. And it's like nine out of
every 10 callers just got left out of Arcadia over the weekend or something. It was really bizarre.
The work released. Exactly. Exactly. You hit it right on the head. Yeah, Saturday was fine.
Everything was just terrific. I didn't say that. Worst,
educated shoppers, Sergio Pereira. Get the Sarah's look at your local off the rack,
off the street, off the book's places. Isn't that a shot? Best 24 hour eatery,
lesters on State Road 84 West of Fort Lauderdale. And Wolfies on Collins Avenue. They're right with
lesters. Boy, oh boy. They're out of touch before feast. Oh boy.
Maybe 20 years ago, 27 till one at WINC, the worst local celebrity, Don Johnson.
Stand must be in deep depression at this moment as we read this over and over.
This is something about his ego.
He's a vice-man in Miami. Yeah, okay. Good luck to you. Okay, let's go to David.
Well, look at those phones. Everybody in brown disappeared during the news break. They all
floated away. I'm serious. They all floated away in brown. 524.
9400. They've got to get to the mall. I got a lot of important stuff to do up there.
You know, I'm going to irritate it because majors never going to get here.
Got car problems, though. Yeah. No, but I told you to win a listen to Macy. I told him that
that car, which I'm glad to loan him, but I told him that that car is a piece of mong and it hasn't
been run in weeks and weeks and weeks and it's got all kinds of problems and it's, you know,
it's a disaster. He wouldn't listen to me. See, there are some people you know who will never
listen to you. He's one of them. He always knows best. He'll never get here. I told you to probably
think, you know, if he winds up having a problem, I'm going to sit here, you know. For hours and
hours this afternoon, filling in and doing extra hours. And I don't have time for that. I'm going
to go meet all these people who want to go to Hawaii. I don't have time. You have important things to do.
Okay. One away to W I N C and we got food from pizza hut here, which of course some of our folks
will turn their noses up because brick oven is sending tons of food shortly.
Do we need to mention any names? Of course not. And by the way, no more food in the studio.
Right. That's right. After today, after no more food. Well, we were starving today. I don't
know why mentally mentally well case. My amy. Hello. Yeah. How are you doing? Okay. Listen, I just
called to say one thing. Please remember I didn't start the fire. All right. That's real important.
Just remember that and we'll see what happened. Very good. Was that cute or what? I didn't understand
it. Please remember, he didn't start the fire. The fire. I heard what he said. Yeah. He's cute.
Like a dead frog and stands pooled, you know, with a car. I'm a doctor. Yes. I'm the executive director
of target bay. And I wish to extend an invitation to you to speak anytime soon at our club because we're
really anxious to see you in action. No chance. Wilton Manners. Hello. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Okay.
Congratulations to you on your radio. Tell me. By the way, lady, tell Hal Brigida. Give him a
message. Say adios. Go ahead, sir. Anyway, I've got about 40 people in the office here and they
don't believe there's a song called the ballot of Dick and Jane. They're right. North Miami. Hello.
Are you doing? Neil. Okay. Him again. Okay. Boy, they're all getting in here. All of Stan's
misfits are getting in early. We have an open line in Broward 524 9400 two lines in
day where we're excavating them. 624 9400. We're going to go through these calls like Grant took
Richmond going to very quickly very quickly. I like these five 10 second call. Exactly. There
could be a lot of those. So Mira Mar hello. Yes. Hello. Yes. The old pain in the ass asking about my
tape that I did not get. Well, we don't want to discuss it on a year. Where are we going next? Let's
see. We have an open line in date. I'll give those numbers one more time. 624 9400 and an
open line in Broward 524 9400. You folks are testing my patients. We may actually have to get to
those three pressing issues. We always have those as backup. You may have to get out the WINZ
steam iron and start pressing right now. It's our contingency. Do you notice that this morning when
what's their names? Frick and Frank on Zeta were talking and I was coming to work as they were
doing. They were talking about this the best and the worst. They got into the deli and the hamburger.
They mentioned a couple of others. Isn't it interesting? Conspicuous by its absence was any
mention of the best radio personality in South Florida? Isn't that interesting? They didn't miss that.
They didn't even read that little mind shot. No. Must have just been amidst. Yeah, an oversight.
An oversight. Yeah. Okay, let's go to Pompano next. Hello. Hello. Yes. This is your friend from Detroit.
Yeah. What do you want? I got to pick the other day when you said the fella didn't know who
Dick Perts rob and see more. Yeah, that guy wasn't from Detroit. He may have once passed through
their uneatslefort expressway. That's about it. I'm telling you he wasn't from Detroit. Yeah.
Well, everybody's getting it. He didn't even know JP McCarthy. Yes, and he's pretty good.
I wondered if you would ever run into a fella. I think he's been 20 years on WJR from midnight till
five in the morning. J. Roberts. No, I know who he is. Yeah, he does that night flight thing. Yeah.
Well, anyway, it's really boring. Everybody, everybody gives you a tick on the horse. I'm going to
give you the best tick. Call Vegas. Detroit's going to go all the way this year, all the way through the
world. I hope so. Well, I hope they knock those Yankees into oblivion. Great. I had one thing for you.
Yankees are a bunch of mung brains. You were doing so much tongue and cheek the other day, and I was
here, traveling and you were teasing Stan, of course. And I said, well, Stan's got a tough road
a hole. You know, following you. Yeah. Now you that's a double on time. He doesn't follow me. He
follows young ladies up and down the escalator. I'm serious. You're laughing. I'm dead serious.
Everybody in Pompano is really like you here. And we sure that's why they got that outfit up. They're
trying to get us off the air with the Catholic Church. They love us in Pompano. Yeah, about 16 of
me here. It's the condominiums that together and they checked in and they got you and Stan on one
way by ticket to the bus. I can't wait. I just have to go. Okay. I'll see you in the Soundfield Express
way, sir. All right. Okay. Adios. You're going to be big in the but. That would be sick. We have a
misfit on a mobile phone. Hello. Deal. Yeah. I just wanted to thank you for allowing me to buy a mobile phone.
I have probably no reason for one except to call you. Right. I've been dying to buy one just
though I can call in because I listen to your show all day in the radio. Really? And if you're
I am or just bought it, put the antenna on and you're one of the first cars. You put the antenna
on. Yes, well, speak it in glaze. Would you please, sir? Yes. Who is this? George Valdes?
Right. Well, if I was George Valdes, I'd be heading towards the van of myself. Exactly. Well, listen,
pick him up. Yeah. Come up on the, you're talking about a boat lift coming this way. We should send
them on a boat lift going out. Yeah. Pick him up on the Teconic State Parkway, sir. Yeah.
So I just want to call say, hey, thanks for giving me a lot of enjoyment on the way.
I should express what you do. Give it a try on the top of the Empire State Building.
Make him a tourist. And keep up the good work. I want to thank you for my tape and all the other
nice, nasty things I got from your radio station, Boone in the Box. And then we need to
go in in the box. Yeah. Okay, sir. As soon as he can grow on, we'll take a picture of it.
Hollywood. Hello. Hi. How are you? Okay. This is my son,
Lism Penelope County. And we would like to take, um,
Monday and wrap the juice for my good. Well, I hope you get to hear him sometime.
Lighthouse point. Hello. What do these people think this is? Like, uh, these are authors. We're
following authors. Uh, forget it. Plantation. Hello.
I'd like to ask, uh, Glenn about that show. He does on Sunday night on Zeta. What's the deal with that?
I can't believe someone actually heard that boy. What a surprise that is, huh?
I was shot 11 o'clock and I heard, uh, uh,
from the Don Johnson. Yeah. You heard who? Uh, I hit Don Johnson on the show last week.
Um, I do a little stand is very upset. Oh boy, he found the cart.
Stand found the card on my desk over the weekend. He's been talking about it all week.
And he was, he came to me Monday, just apoplectic, you know, did you do an interview with Don?
That was actually an old interview with Don Johnson. Yeah, you are also. He did you, huh? Yeah.
Daniel Rogers was on. He just made up my voice. That wasn't me.
I do it. It's a little, uh, public affairs show I do for our FM. That's all that is.
A little half hour. What is pizza is like? It's like mong, you know? Runs a couple times on Sunday.
I'm glad you heard it. Was it weird? Yeah, it's very weird. Good.
Hearing your voices, but it always put me to sleep.
Well, that's the purpose of the show, of course. I'm glad to see we are, you know, doing what we
intended. You know what I mean? It's mong. It's hopeless. That pizza's fine.
Neil, what's the deal with crowded house? With what?
crowded house. Don't you like them? Yeah, I do.
So what's wrong? Nothing to create. Keep.
Great album. You got to play a mean to me. That's a cool song.
Mean to me? Yeah. Okay. All right. Adios.
All right. Revea d'Arch. See, we've got a comment about crowded house. We have this very
hip young audience. A stoop. A stoop?
Now, serious crowded house is really incredible, unbelievable, very sensational.
Speaking of crowded house, it's too crowded for him in the house. I'll tell you that right now.
North Miami Beach. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay.
I just want to say congratulations on your ratings.
Of course. This morning. Who is this, Bill Tanner? No, this morning
of my wife at the side. James Hummel, I can't believe it.
This morning, my wife was going to change the station and she wanted to listen to that so-called
new personality on across the road from you. Oh, yeah. And uh, Rachel's. Let me tell you something.
The guy was like, raston for straws. He was screaming like, Lee Fowler trying to get
carwash to come in for like 40, 45 minutes. Nobody would call him because.
Incredible. We don't even want calls when we're getting him. You know what I'm saying?
Oh, and uh. What is he eating? We don't have time for this crap.
Oh, it's disgusting. I mean, he just doesn't compare to you at all.
At any rate, I want to say congratulations again. And uh, if you can, uh, maybe some time
done this week or something, uh, if you start playing those other, other records or something,
if you let us know because I just got out of it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
I would like to tape it. I'm trying to move around the best that I can. Uh, right now,
I just got out of surgery at the beginning of the week and I wanted to go reach my tape recorder.
I couldn't get on my bed. Oh boy. To go try and record some of the stuff. So if you could,
if I could send a tape into you, I'd appreciate it. Sure. We'd be delighted to do it for anything you like.
Thanks a lot. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I'll read the durch.
Oh,
yeah, they didn't mention us at all this morning on Zaggeda. Is that embarrassing or what?
I wonder what that was. They didn't talk about the best radio personality whatsoever. No,
they sort of just right there in black and green. It's right there in South Florida, South
the day whatever magazine is. Miami magazine. Best radio personality and uh, it was almost unanimous.
They probably didn't see that, you know, they sort of skipped over the oversight. Yeah.
They're busy over there. You know, what are you looking around for? What are you looking around?
Nothing. Are you looking to see if Gary walked out of the control room? He's out of the control room.
He's on his way in here and he's going to physically drag you out. No, he doesn't care. He's not interested.
Wait a minute. Miami shores. Hello. Hello. Yes. How you doing? Yeah, I'm fine.
This is our good friend in Miami shores. Yes, I've called you about the gerbils here.
Yes, are the gerbils leaping with Glee? Yes, they are. They are. They're dancing joyously.
Joyful. Well, the probe is coming now. They're most excited. They're planning a terrible parade for him.
But I'm calling you, I'm calling you today on a matter entirely apart from from joy and
mercy. Do you have a copy of today's Miami news? No, we sure don't. But you, I suggest you high
tail it over and get one there. I turn to the local news page and look at the briefly column
about halfway down there is a most shocking story there about our Senator Graham. Really?
And this is a headline as follows. Graham spends day with tops. U.S. Senator Bob Graham spent
the day rolling around on the floor with toddlers at two day care centers. Now, this is this to me.
It's just absolutely disgusting and depressing. We have a Senator like this rolling around on the
floor with toddlers down here and and and ruin the lives of our children here. During his lesson,
his wake is a disgusting and he has to come back and ruin the lives of children, the small children
who can't defend themselves. Rolling around on the floor with toddlers and he said not only that he's
overweight, he shouldn't be doing that and is that sort of thing in the first place.
Children. Oh, you know, this is a man who grew up milking moo cows and now he's rolling around
the floor with children. This is the most juvenile place and I don't mean the pun there, but I would
like to take care of children in our community. I invite them in for cookies and milk. I certainly
don't go frallicking and rolling on the floor with them is our is our dear Senator does.
Yes, I think it's disgusting. I think he's nothing but a gerbil to me. He should be put in one of those
little cages that made the chase at a ball and run around in his cage. He doesn't belong in public
with he's going to go around like that frallicking with these little small children.
Take them all into protecting from this evil fall so that it's our US Senator.
And that's all I have to say. I suggest you pick up this moment news immediately. We need to start a
campaign to get this covered out of office. Okay, now listen, we don't have time for all of this.
We're busy eating. Okay. 27 after one at W.I. and Z stand major is scheduled to be here at two,
but don't hold your breath. He's never going to make it. I'm telling you that Jolapi is not going
to get here and I'm going to have nothing but grief and the man will just not listen. You know,
he just won't listen. Plus that done. Why do people have to complicate my life? It's so you know,
it could be so simple, but they have to complicate it. We have two open lines indeed from, you know,
a couple of people who hung up during the break who want to complicate my life. 624 9400.
The big Z today is so good that it's unbelievable from Rick oven. Mira Mar hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah.
I was very proud to donate $100 to you so far campaign. Right. But I never did get my jacket
from stupid star creation. I've been calling and I've called. I wonder if you can help me out with that.
I mean, why aren't you taking care of this call? Why haven't you done something about this?
Call me after two o'clock. Call the bird. Call Glenn Hill after two in the office in the office and he'll take care of it.
Pronto that should have all been taken care of. Okay. All right. Trust me. Okay. Shame on you. Not my fault.
These are all been taken care of. Well, it didn't sound like he'd been taken care of. I agree. I'm shocked.
You want to be you want to be shot. I am. Hello. Hello. Yes. Neil. Yeah. How you doing? Okay.
Neil, this is my first time calling him the air. I just wanted to say that why I don't know. I've heard
comments about that. You have something about George Valdez or something like that. I don't understand.
What do you mean you heard comments? You don't even know what we're talking about. We haven't
mentioned his name once today. Well, that was two days ago, right? How do you know? Well, that's what my friend was saying. Yeah. Well, did you
did you hear it? That's what a friend of mine. No, no, no. Let me ask you one more time. Did you hear it? No, I did. Okay. Get lost.
What are you doing? Are you the one they were singing about, sir? Neil, it's been seven days that I haven't heard a good call
and that lady called in talking about the senator fronting with the the gerbos. Yeah. She's one of our great all-time
callers for my any sure that in the girl that tickles the big of pigs balls. Yeah, yeah, had a call and say welcome back. It's great to hear a call like that again. Now listen to
I think you got a little confused. I think it was Senator Graham who is doing with the pigs. That's good. It's been me. I'm the guy that gave your
boss his car last week. Yeah. I'm going to have another one for your Friday. Five bucks. Boy, oh, no, that's true. That's true. Oh, yeah, the
perfect. It was mortal Billy Osage. No question. That was the first time that son of a road. You know, what did that pay? What did it pay? 14 bucks to
perfect 980 980. Yeah, but still what the hell for two bucks? No, for four bucks, you had to turn it around. Well, yeah, okay, but still, you know, I still did good. Listen, I got another
good one for you, but I'm not going to give it to you until Friday. Everybody has to tune in there. Great. We can we can knock it down to one to two like darn that alarm. You
sound like, you know, I have a friend of mine. This guy has spent $50 trying to beat the truck and he always loses. So skip the race. He says to me, if I knew the horse was going to win
beforehand, I wouldn't bet I try to beat him. It doesn't make sense. That's like Bill Carter is the same way. Well, not bet the truck. I know people
like that. Exactly. Listen, I got to mention something in honor of Elvis Presley wanted to. It's been 10 years on movie channel. They're doing this
thing this week. Just like this, just a tribute to Elvis. So I'm sitting there. I had nothing else to do. I'm watching it. I hope I can say this and you don't believe me.
But they take Elvis through his trousers. There was 20 to 30s and he doesn't know that he's on tape. One of these guys is
taping this thing and he walks into this room and he's talking about that girl. That night gave the greatest head of my life. I couldn't believe it. And he's going on and on and on. He
always on tape. Am I still there? Yeah. Okay. He doesn't always on tape. And he's just going to everybody he can see. I mean, now I checked TV guide. It's on again tonight around seven o'clock. If you can watch this watch this. You're really going to crack up. This is Elvis. I'm censored Elvis talking about his love life. What is it called? The Elvis tapes? Yeah. No. It's great. It's this is Elvis, isn't it? You'll love it. This is Elvis. I think it's the name of it. What's it called? This is Elvis. That's it.
No, it's called that was Dan and this is now. Craig Shepard. Anyway, I just want to see the meal. You'll ask the man. Are you Friday with a good tip? Okay. I'll read with their. Thank you.
Your body's record you've seen his film. You'll even purchase the day glow velvet memorial paintings of the gas station. As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all. But wait, there's more. Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations. Yes, it's the Elvis tapes.
Elvis, I want you to come over right now and make me a big peanut butter and never so much. I'll be in the butter and another sandwich with a dripping beer too with the pain.
You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments. All the piece of me.
Yeah, this is the Elvis. Won't you bring over a couple large piles? Don't make it. Make it three. Don't make a sex double cheese. Yeah, I'm hungry.
I'm alone. I'm hungry. And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one true love of his life. Won't you back on your back of my life, baby?
And I don't do way back. Would you pick up some donuts, please?
Make jelly cream donuts. Crullest jimmy's day is two. All of my big honey gligs don't us. Without them, I can't do.
The Elvis tapes. Okay, baby, baby, baby, baby, my more donuts.
Available now. He runs doors everywhere. All of these. All of these little ones. I want to do. I give a big part of spaghetti.
Okay, now this is going to just absolutely flip your lid. Okay. Okay. Miami right to life. Seriously, they have sent us. This came to our newsroom at W. I. N. Z.
A letter. We have some exciting news to share with you. We have an agreement with radio station hot 105 here in Miami to air profile messages to a day five days a week for a month.
We are providing the station with 6 30 second and one 60 second messages to be included in their schedule.
The tapes were produced at the National Right to Life office and are extremely informative. According to the rate charts hot 105 is one of the most listen to it fastest growing radio stations in the area.
For the target audience of 14 to 35 years of age, we need your help in this project and with like projects that we have on the planning board.
The contract with hot 105 cost the Miami right to life organization approximately $4,000 for the first month. Our reserves now are very low and we would like to continue this program. Seriously, they want a donation.
So we can buy spots of hot 105. Exactly. Exactly. We also ask for donation to keep the radio messages on the air. We need your help. Oh, God.
And if anybody saw the book, it's obvious that I want to five need your help. You believe that. And they got one of these things in here. $1,5 all the way up to a thousand and then other like you know, 10 million like maybe this is all your right to check for a couple of million.
Yeah, because hot 105 needs to run those spots. Authentic. That incredible or weird. It's weird. I mean, is this a strange state or what?
That's not all that would say somebody very strange would say. Yeah. Okay, Stan Major is not in the building yet, which is beginning to cause just a wee bit of consternation in the bowels of some of us, but you know, it's relax. It'll be all right. What are we going to do at two o'clock if he's not here?
We have we'll play the rack. There's no problem.
Okay, 21 before two at w i and z. A question says.
Nothing. Hello. Hello. Yes. I am a first caller. Great. I just wanted to call and say so what if standards until I be staying. Anyway, right.
Who needs him? Really? He's got some nerve driving my beaten up old Jolope. Right? I've got to ask where do you get these records like the asshole one? I mean, I love that.
It fits my husband to a key. We'll play those. We'll play. I want to be done. Johnson. Yeah. What do you play? I mean, where we get them? Make them up with the people. No, no, we get them from the record underground.
Anyway, I think you're right. You're right. He doesn't stop. Okay, forget about Stan. Will you? He's probably just used that as an excuse.
Anyways, hopping up and down that escalator at the at series. I'm telling you, look out. He's looking for so the white attention came our choppers.
There's a lunatic on the loose in the fresh fruit department. Look out for that man. I'm telling you, we got two open lines in
the drawer. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got two. We got
3.45. We got three. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five, Fifty five. Fifty five man. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five, Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifety five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. men haven't been seen it yet. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five. Fifty five
usually have to let about two of that
and i would be sometimes for the for shows when when you're everybody else is
going off you
of your
uh... station that i don't want to talk that
and uh...
uh... they have his promos on their for this other guy mister nice guy in town
oh yeah bill mquig yeah have you heard that from all you mean the board op he's
great uh... they still running those
all-yeah
yes, this guy won't hang up on you and he'll totally understand your needs.
You know, I have to sit there and laugh because the whole thing is a joke.
Yeah.
You know, but I even refuse to listen to the other station, but it's just, we have switched
over to it this morning just for a second and then it's given this whole big deal about
how you've got a subhuman sitting next to you, cackling.
If I want to have somebody with that statue, you want to sit next to me, at least I can
have a live person actually sit next to me and laugh.
Yeah, like Joe Johnson with his two one, yeah.
So anyway, keep up the good work and it's stand on the show and put the healthcare.
Exactly.
Okay.
How does it feel to be loved, Stan?
We have an open line in date and keep those lines going.
I know we're getting to the end of the hour and generally we lose the callers at the end
of the hour but have a feeling this show could be extended today.
We could go into sudden death over time.
That's right.
Extramedings.
In other words, if Major doesn't show, it's sudden death.
We'll open with I want to be done Johnson.
We have an open line in Broward 5249400 if you're standing near the Launzee Raid
Department at Sears watching some very elderly man by sexy negligee for a little girl.
Please call immediately, call 911.
Okay, we're we have a caller on a mobile phone.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Daily listener just wanted to let you know congratulations on the South Florida magazine
voting you the best of the talk show people.
How about that?
I listen to I just got it my local issue.
Why even be out Henry Barrow every day you are the gang no doubt about it.
No question about the hour of the 20th.
No sitting next to you.
You're still the best.
The stand minor who shows after you wouldn't hurt if he didn't show up.
Also the FBI statistics are out this morning at the news and Miami made it to number one
from number seven.
I know.
And if it's right in with what you're trying to put down to the people really love it.
Okay, I just want you to know that there's what's left of my car major just came in a
trimmio screw.
Okay, that's what's left of my car.
I just want it major to know that you the better that's the loose screw that I'm talking
about.
He used to work before he came to I.N.Z.
And apparently everywhere everywhere.
Everywhere sir.
And he worked for the law firm of lean back and whack it.
Oh, unbelievable.
Was that a shot?
Is that a shot he deserves it?
Okay, sir.
Have a wonderful life.
Okay, what do you have to say for yourself?
Now we got all this food.
We saved you the cheese pie for our company because we didn't want you to be in a surly
mood.
It's on.
It's on.
Don't panic.
It's on.
He saw a star come in.
The check engine light was on all the way to work.
Yeah.
And just stays on.
It just stays on.
But it ran okay.
I mean, okay, considering.
Yeah.
Considering it's a real piece of junk.
I told you that.
Mung, I think it's the word he used.
Did you buy that from Al Rantel?
I would hate to go into the story about where I did buy it because I would rip them for
the rest of your show on here, but I'm not going to do it.
Where's the ZD?
Oh, Neil ate the ZD.
I'm eating the ZD.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
He doesn't like the ZD.
He likes it.
He loves Brickov and he loves their pizza.
He doesn't like their ZD.
Okay, now wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Before you go running off, didn't you tell me that?
Didn't you tell me that?
No, I haven't spoken to you.
Oh, what a...
Oh my God.
Okay, the girl on the escalator was really four ladies and gentlemen.
I've been covering up for her, but she was really only four years old.
She was in a high chair, okay?
And they were carrying her down in his little cradle.
I mean, I've been trying to protect you, but now that you came in here and lied to my
audience, shame on you.
He said, as Major walked out oblivious with his brick oven pizza in his hand.
It does.
He took it.
Yeah.
And the house is getting more crowded as the afternoon goes on.
Okay, it's 14.
Hi, I'm Mary Smarter.
And the big trend this year is perfume named after television celebrities.
First, there was crystal for women and carrion for men.
But now you can also dab on an essence of cause if you want to smell like money.
Old out.
Just smell like a hairy cat eating extra terrestrial.
And introduce just this week its stench of Oprah, the overwhelming smell of a big nosy fat
woman crossing my legs behind my head and tying them in a knot.
I'm Mary Smarter.
Entertainment this morning.
Okay, now we finally get to that part of the show.
We finally get to the part of the show where we're going to let him tell his thing.
What does he do?
Just like the last time.
Remember, he gets up and he walks up.
Shameful.
What a disgrace, huh?
Just as we get to the part of the show after we've killed all this time.
And we have not won but three important areas to be covered yet.
And he abandons us.
Oh, well, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
the way.
So I'm just going to sit here and eat.
We'll go on strike.
The a better show while we take this call from Volca Collect.
Tello.
Yeah, and how you doing?
A couple of questions.
First of all, congratulations on your rating.
Gracias.
And where they're eating?
Muchas gracias.
Where they're eating for AM radio up all together in general.
Yes.
Do you think that's a reflection that you've pulled out of English?
Right.
Do you think that's a reflection that you've pulled out of people over to AM radio?
Yes.
We are either the other patients.
Yes.
Yeah, I'm doing it now, too.
No.
OK, I just wanted to find out if he thought that was OK, because that was the reflection
that I got that maybe if a radio is kind of on the downswing now.
You got it.
And if you listen to it, you'll understand why.
I do.
That's why I'm getting to hang.
I'm missing the more and more AM radio with a certain sports talk show at 6 o'clock.
And then you know, you and Stan's like a mobile with an AM nowadays.
But anyway, listen, you have a good day.
OK.
Thank you.
And welcome to the real world, sir.
You want to tell him about our dinner, but you know, you were punching up FM buttons
like mad.
And again, he lied.
He lied again last night.
He told me that QB AFM was 107.9.
Oh, I goofed him.
And I punch up 107.9.
And sure enough, there's here's a record in English.
OK, the only problem is that that's joy.
107 is 107.9.
QB AFM is 107.5.
So the man tries to weasel out of me at dinner, which made not much difference because,
you know, as it turned out, all he ate was the French fries.
He was too busy looking and trying to, you know, start something with that guy's wife.
She was nice.
You know, I would throw my ironclad, don't mess with why it's rule out for her.
And now you see the problem is when we go back there, those people obviously go there
a lot.
And when we see them again, you're going to be embarrassed.
You'll jump by bone.
You'll jump by bone.
You'll jump my bones.
No, our husband will jump your bones and beat the living crap out of you.
Oh, it's going to have a very nice guy.
I thought he was nice.
I thought he was.
I thought he was.
I thought he was.
He was very nice.
You heard what he said when I left, but don't repeat it on the air.
Oh, I'm going to repeat that.
Yeah.
Please don't.
That would be the end.
No, come on, don't come on.
Come on.
All right.
Now, all right, about the big ZD.
Are you going to tell the truth?
What?
Didn't you tell me before that you didn't like the big ZD from brick oven?
It's got to be the pizza.
Yeah.
You like the big ZD of the solvals.
Now I love this big ZD from brick oven.
Okay, it's great.
And I ate it because you told me you didn't like it.
You love their pizza.
Neal, don't get carried away.
It's okay, Neal.
The brick oven, by the way, is okay.
The brick oven, by the way, is okay, Neal.
From South Florida magazine is the best pizza in town.
Well, they should.
And of course, you also heard about your friend who got nailed as the worst local celebrity.
Don Johnson, the ego that Christ Collins Avenue and about the best radio personality, somehow,
I'll quote it again since they wouldn't read it on ZD this morning.
They somehow, over, it was an oversight.
Somehow everyone out there loves this nasty and proud of it, man.
Neal Rogers, what, what are you doing listening to radio anyway?
Go and write a letter or something.
We prefer something a bit more civilized with a touch of sophomore,
a humor like WGTR's Herman and McQueen in the morning.
It's okay.
Who art even on the air?
But they'll take anybody other than me.
So the readers picked me and they pick Herman and McQueen.
Congratulations.
Yeah.
Thank you so much.
I'll beat you next year.
Okay. Now, shall we get to these three items?
Are you ready?
Why are you back in the building?
Have one more, one quick question.
Why is he looking at me like that?
That's all I want to ask you, quick question.
No.
Did you hear the girl's mother?
Oh, yeah.
The girl from Gainesville.
You hear her mother call?
Or the big boobs.
Yeah.
Well, her mother evidently is a bigger boob than she is because she called a while ago.
Did you hear that call?
And she said it was genetic.
She said it was in the genes.
Really?
And I said, I know that Stan was trying to reach into the genes, but unfortunately.
How about the one who came over to ask you what time it was?
She was very cute.
Yeah.
Well, you know, we're here.
Oh, I forgot about her.
I didn't even mention her.
Yeah.
No, no.
She didn't ask me.
No, no, wait a minute.
You got to confuse.
There was another young lady who came over by herself who was a listener to the show.
Yeah, I know.
I know the one you talked about.
The Gainesville poet.
No, that's a different one.
Well, where was I?
I must have been looking at that guy's wife.
You were grabbing onto the guy's wife's leg.
Obviously you were distracted, Stan.
Yeah.
She was very attractive.
Okay, here it comes.
You've been waiting for almost four hours.
He wants to eat some more books.
Here's a defense and impassioned defense.
Do the talk of a movie that is defenseless.
Go ahead.
Come on.
Let's impress Jimmy.
No.
No?
No, why?
I think it's right in there.
I think it's all right.
No, why were you going?
No, no, no, no.
What did I do wrong now?
I just thought you were going to let it go.
I want to tell you something.
It is so perfect that James Hummel would have a spectacular orgasm right on the radio.
Well, that's not going too far.
A little orgasm right on the radio.
Thank you.
If he heard this, okay.
Now you watch.
All right.
All those 400 little men who are holding out of the tape.
Merp.
What is this?
Like the Howard Stern.
People belching and burping and puke out.
How can you have a beautiful young lady in the studio audience here?
Not even talking to her.
Putting her in here.
Because we brought her in for you.
She didn't know that.
She was why she was not a mother in her yesterday.
Sliathering off the chair and hitting for the door.
I almost followed her to the ballpark.
I'm sure that.
Yeah, that's why she drove her brother's car today.
She was wearing me.
I have to explain the number that you got off the car.
Her brother, who's about six four in the parking lot.
Yeah.
She was totally blind.
Her brother, Johnny Wad, who lives in Miramar.
Okay.
What is he doing now?
Do you hear that?
He's finally just seriously.
He's finally just falling into it now.
All right.
I'll be all right.
I got myself back.
Okay. Are you ready to listen out?
Yeah.
You have your ears open.
Yes.
Are you prepared?
Yes.
I want to make sure I pressed the right button this time.
I pressed all the wrong ones all day.
I've heard the beginning of the show.
I've pressed it.
It screwed up all day.
And it's still been a great show.
Okay.
Are you ready?
Do you say so?
Best of.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
And the land is.
Oh.
Oh, my God.
Humble.
Eat your home.
Oh, my goodness.
Who's James Humble?
Ricky Tiki.
Ricky Tiki.
Now, let's do it.
You've got three areas to cover here.
Let's get it over with and get there a lot of hair.
Please.
You know, at home, we'll sick you yesterday.
Yeah.
And then look too good.
Yeah.
And I, so actually, when you leave every day to your home,
little sick, he was halfway out the door when I met the audience.
He was so upset when he found that card on my desk.
It was beyond belief.
Time's a way.
How's your buddy Marlon doing?
He's all right.
Good.
Anyway, I got a chance to listen to that.
Hey.
I'm a cross-radio.
Stick around.
You can do it at 205.
But, Glamathy bugs you like that.
Go ahead.
Stick around.
And I won't interrupt you.
Okay.
So there's three shows.
It's a double-in-bomb.
Ah, all the mountains.
Come on.
Time's running out.
One jerk was talking about Santorio and Highly,
which is a terminal.
What are you talking about?
Talked radio, yes, after all.
In this city.
I listened to talk radio, yes, and in the network.
Oh, the big news.
Network control thing.
No.
No, I listened to local talk radio in this city,
which I normally don't get to listen to.
Oh, the other, those other.
Those washed out stations.
Yeah.
What?
You know, I'd be out, Rand-Tel,
and two and a half weeks, isn't that incredible?
Mark Mosley was sitting in for him.
The show was just the worst I've ever heard of.
I must say, I just go, wait, your show.
You were talking about air traffic controllers.
ABC's looking for a guy to, um,
two, three hours before snider trouble.
Go, K-Glam.
Come in on my show, you're gonna go.
Well, I basically, somehow, maybe.
That what I wanted to say.
He's just playing games.
I know.
He said some booties in today.
Should've seen him last night.
Should we let it go again?
No.
No.
Come on.
For James Humberl, come on.
James Humberl.
Just one time.
For all time, huh?
It's yours, so.
Like to talk about what he did on MacArthur Park.
Come on.
Or historic.
Oye, Cuomova.
That great.
A minute and six seconds.
Talk about.
You're gonna stick around, uh, Neil.
I have to do it for you.
How do you like that?
What?
Nothing.
I know.
Let's be impressed.
You're ignoring me.
Well, that's gonna do it, boys and girls.
Have a wonderful life.
Look out for Neil.
We'll be sticking around on the escalator.
Look out for that disgusting pervert on the escalator, boys and girls.
And don't talk to strangers.
Hmm.
