Another one of the problems I'm supposed to do is to this amazing how this fits in.
It's right here a commercial free compact disc Christmas from 7pm Christmas Eve to 7pm Christmas Day.
So what you're going to be doing here Christmas Day is playing just compact disc straight through.
Zeta 4 will be rolling perfect album sides off compact disc without commercial interruptions.
The best classic rock and roll new and old. So now we've done two of these.
We have six we have to do in four hours which is incredible.
And I did the one where it's no repeat work days every day.
They never played the same record twice from 9 to 5.
And now I did it's a new feature with my brand new probably starting today.
And then on Christmas we're going to be rolling compact disc uninterrupted.
That's what you're going to be doing Christmas Day Camp Day.
Yeah, I believe that Dave has a day off. I think I'm just here.
Oh yeah, yeah, that's right. That's right.
Dave and I and neither one will be here will be just rolling Christmas Day.
Got back this now Christmas. Yeah, it's just my name on the schedule there.
Yeah, that's correct. Now Christmas Eve, which is Thursday.
Yeah, we're just going to play all bits on the show.
I love how I'm in on all this. First I'm working and now three minutes later I'm not worried.
Yeah, you would have been working if you were still over there.
That's great. So I don't have to work Christmas Day.
That's correct. So I can sit at home and just watch those parades on TV.
It's going to be a great year, I tell you.
Now, do you think that Christmas Eve when we're going to run all the bits uninterrupted
that everyone wants to tape?
Do you think it's even necessary to take phone calls or we can just run the bits Thursday?
So if you have a thought on this, if I should take calls and request or if we should just run the bits,
you can let me know what you think. And let's go to whoops.
You know, the sound like legal IDs will be a special feature that day too.
Oh, that's right. That's right.
Yeah, that's a great day.
Broward County, huh?
Yes. Yeah, hi.
I got a few questions for you.
Number one.
Okay, first, the question on lead Gillette.
On his promos, why does he always go lead Gillette?
Why does he put a five second pause between his name?
Well, you'll have to ask him that, sir. I can't answer your question.
Oh, really?
I never thought about it.
Oh, okay.
If I wanted to ask him a question, I would say, why do you say palm beaches?
Oh, did he pause there too?
He says it's not palm beaches. It's palm beaches.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like the Palmetto Expressway.
Okay, next question.
Why have they been playing?
Is there something real big about that new story you guys did?
About the guy that jumped?
About the school teacher?
Yeah, well, he's been playing it all week when he landed on the teenager and everything.
Oh, no, no, no. That is at an oldy. That's that Pink Floyd concert.
Oh, is that what that is?
We think that's one of our classics.
Oh, do you?
Yeah, do you?
Oh, I like it.
Yeah, I think it's one of the funniest, it's one of the classic things that has happened in the like 10 weeks we've been on here in the morning.
I mean, the bad thing is, is every time I hear it, I'm driving and I'm always laughing for it.
I know.
I'm running to another car.
It's still funny today to me.
Oh, really?
That's a promo during the rest of the day when we're not on the air and also during the weekend.
We choose little vignettes from the show and with Neil Gahn, we've been choosing a couple of oldies.
Yeah, it's an oldy got a goody.
Yeah, all that is definitely.
I laugh every time I hear it.
Did you hear it when it happened?
No, I never did.
Yeah, that was an...
That's why it's caught me by surprise.
Yeah, that was an incredible morning.
That just happened.
Oh, did it?
Yeah.
And what I heard it just happened, but...
Yeah, we think it's one of the funniest things Neil ever did.
I was real glad to hear it over the weekend again.
I heard it twice over the weekend.
Yeah, that I heard it twice over the weekend too.
And I enjoyed it every time.
Yeah.
All right.
I heard another thing.
After that new story, too, there was a new...
A new beaver story.
Oh, a new...
Are you going to eat over Larry's house?
Oh, yeah.
Is there a way I can get that on?
Yeah, I got it right here.
Oh, do you?
Wait a minute.
Let me see.
Let's see.
I got it right here.
Oh, do you?
You got it.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Okay, let's...
This is the beaver we just got at the end of last week.
It's the old new Leibit to beaver,
starring Barbara Billingsley,
Hugh Beaumont,
Tony Dahl,
and Clint Eastwood as the beaver.
Beaver?
Yeah, mom.
What is it?
There's a package down here.
Fire just came in the mail.
Looks like it's from Bubbles.
Isn't that that girl you know at school?
No, she's a hooker.
She's a hooker.
We hope she plays hookie from school a lot.
That's where I know her from.
Later, up in the boys' room.
Hey, Wally.
Look, I got a package from Bubbles.
Oh, yeah?
What did she send you?
I see her.
Oh, geez.
She sent me her underwear.
I got a quit hanging around those kind of women.
I suppose I could say I told you so,
but I guess this is no time to be rubbing it in.
Well, as long as mom and dad don't find out,
I'll just hide them in the drawer here.
Later, that same episode.
Boy, look what I found in Beaver's drawer.
Where'd that come from?
Uh-oh, I think I'm in trouble.
Big trouble.
Mom, dad, those underwear belong to, uh,
to Wally.
Wally?
You're talking about...
Yeah, there he is.
He wears them, presses around in them like, like,
Tinkerbell.
Isn't that right?
Big brother.
Yeah.
Now, that's great.
But that's not what I thought it was.
Now, so because of this, Dave and I pretty much decided
that we're going to organize the room today, right, Dave?
We'll stay and relabel all this stuff.
Because that's a great one, but that's not the one I was thinking about.
Now, what happened to all our other Beavers?
The other one is about...
Why do you think that was the new one?
I don't know. Well, now, I played Billy Idol earlier.
Yeah, I think I found it, by the way.
Oh, did you?
Okay, is this it?
Day two is neurotic and must speak to you about the chocolate lady.
All right, we'll do this while we're finding all this stuff.
Hello.
Yeah, good morning.
Good morning.
Yeah, I'm trying to find out some information, but I'll tell you the idea.
Is she driving you crazy, sir?
No, I kind of like the way she talks, but I don't know if she can perform it.
I understand you.
Breath.
Breath feeding.
If she can do what?
Well, I think.
Who I like to talk to her about my own, if you can just relate to a thoughtful number
of her.
Now, what about breastfeeding?
Well, that's when I understand she's been breastfeeding.
Yes, she has a young child, Heather.
That's what she's got.
That's what she's been breastfeeding.
Yeah.
Well, I thought she was doing something else.
What did you think she was doing?
I don't know the way she, I don't know the way to teach up.
I'll tell the radio.
Yes, she's incredible, isn't she?
She is.
That's why I like to get a quit with this baby.
Yes, she's 20 years old.
20 years old.
And she used to be a truck driver.
Oh, she'd know.
Well, she used to be a truck driver.
Yes, isn't she incredible?
Now, is she driving you crazy, sir?
20 years old and she's about 5'7 and weighs 135 pounds.
No, she's 5 feet and weighs 135 pounds.
That's really off-pargant.
Is it?
Yes, she's got some weight to lose there.
Yes, she kind of, yes, she doesn't go correctly into our computer.
She doesn't come out correctly.
Well, I'd like to get a quit with this baby if I could.
I got a little off.
I got a little question for her, right?
Maybe she can help me out with something.
Yes, can you say it on the radio?
Well, I don't think it's the proper thing to say on the radio.
Why, but I think I got a loud stuff like that.
And on the radio.
You don't think I could allow it?
Oh, no, I don't think so.
That what you want to eat her?
I mean, what you want to ask her?
I can't believe I said that.
No, I don't know.
I don't know if it's a problem.
Just a slip there, sir.
I didn't mean to say that.
I'm sorry.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
I like to meet this lady.
Yeah, when we talk about her, see what happens?
Can I cap and Dave?
See what happens when we talk about this lady?
I've never slipped that down.
I'm serious.
I like to show her something.
You would.
Yeah, definitely.
Definitely.
Okay.
Well, I'll ask her an ex-sum I talked to her.
See if she's interested.
She's so color-funny.
It's only trying to get a hold of her.
Okay.
Let's see how much she's got.
Uh-huh.
All right.
Hey, by the way, ask her if she's too well breastfeeding her.
Yeah, I think she is.
So, there she is.
Yeah.
Is that appeal to you?
Yeah, definitely.
Okay.
All right now.
All right.
Go on, though.
You said it so distinctly.
You didn't stop or anything.
Well, you can't stop when you do something like that.
Freudian.
Yeah, boy was it ever.
Date County, hi.
Hello, Glenn.
Hi.
I'm all right.
Listen, I'm going to use an input.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
So, didn't perhaps after we run everything, didn't take requests for some repeats.
Maybe something like that.
Yeah, just as long as you get all the bits on first and then, you know, you can, after that,
then you can get them calling.
I would probably be with the best idea.
So, you think we should run all the bits and then if we have time we can play?
Yes.
I think that would be the best.
So, the number one priority is to be sure that all the bits are.
Yeah.
Because I'll be here taking them to know.
All right.
I got them all.
Okay, I'll remember what you said.
Okay.
And I'll cap and day.
Yeah, he walked out for a second. I think he can hear you though. Okay, listen
I hate to sound like a broken record Glenn, but you think you can ask him to do that EDR
Station identification. Oh, I'll ask him sure. Okay, because I'd like to get it down on
Okay, all right. Thanks a lot. All right, 709 now we found the leave of taboeuvre finally as we are slowly
Organizing the room and getting this together. This is all this is all headed for Thursday now here's the leave of taboeuvre
That I wanted to play for you before
It's the all new leave it to beaver starring Barbara Billingsley
you boom on
Tony down and
Clint Eastwood as the beaver
I want you to say something on the table. Don't eat with your elbows on the table
Don't talk to your mouth full and if they give you something you don't like you eat it anyway
Oh mom, don't worry Larry's dad always has a fridge full of beer long as I got one of those handy I can choke down anything
Larry Mondello's house
Hey, Larry give me another beer
Well, what do you want to do now? Well?
We could watch television
Are we could play checkers? What do you want to do, beef? Well since your dad won't let you have the playboy channel
Let's play checkers
Checkers I don't want to play checkers. I want to watch television
Don't go acting all goofy on me now fat boy. I said checkers boy beaver
You're the meanest guess I ever had now look at
You are
Time did you turn it on my hostile hysterical lunatic friend and you all douchebag you all douchebag
Well douchebag I bet you're old enough to be Joey Reddell's mother. I bet you're old enough to be Joey Reddell's mother
I bet you're old enough to be Joey Reddell's mother
You sick old bag you pathetic old douche douche douche
DOOSH douche douche douche you got a point to it's right at the top of the head you jackass
Cance jackass jackass jackass jackass jackass jackass
Because they're not always brilliant as you are you all bitch you all are you all bitch bitch bitch bitch
You all bitch all right
7-11 on Zeta 4 a glen in for a Neil who's on vacation and
Now here comes our most requested bit
I guess we're getting it together and thinking about what we're gonna do Thursday when we're gonna run all the bits in order so that you can tape them if you want
Here comes the most requested bit we get on the Neil Roger show. It's little Neil
Now back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA
Here again America's youngest talk show host six-year-old Neil Rogers
Okay, I guess for Don's male and there's four minutes left in the hour
Holostick some calls all in hello
Neil how's it going?
great
That's good
I can't film my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle of the good old D&C
What an abortion that paper is then I asked how many other people did likewise and they said no my business
Yeah, well they're real nice over there. Okay. Well. I just thought I'd let you know
You're a fine American have a nice life. Well, hello. I want to speak to Neil
You got him
Yeah
Neil
Yeah
Stinky pink old glue sniff and bed wetter at a pansy
Break all this day so far did he say pansy?
What does he get off?
What a mung-brain I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to do this show and this guy calls me named
She's on you sir shame on you for the way have you seen some of those back boys at the new AMP
No, what are you
about
My god
A million producers in the world and they fit me in here with an egg
Shit is my god
Santa Cacacel. Hello
Oh
You're supposed to be such a nice boy and now you're so terrible
Yeah, but you can't share it off you can't share it off
I don't need this
It offers from ever stations
Patavia
Almira
Fredonia
But instead I stay here and entertain you grotesque
sub-human
dutabag
unbelievable
Geneva hello
Hello, is this Neil Rogers? What kind of phone are you on sir? How's that again? Do you have a dial phone or what?
No, I had to put it to the operator
Oh
It's nothing to that hey I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night somebody asked me did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I don't listen anymore. He's a daughtering old man. He claims he's only 40. Yeah, right and do we be true in two?
Oh
Shut up a girl
And if you think he's bad now wait until he had you oh
Okay, when we come back maybe the egg will come out of his shell, but I hope not
Quarter after seven seven fifteen Zeta four Neil Rogers show cap Dave do you think?
We've we've had precious few women who want to get in on our
I think it's first of all it's Monday. Yeah second of all it's the Monday before Christmas
Mm-hmm, and I think the majority of people are either sleeping or been partying or out of town or in combination of the above
So we may as well just in other words what entertain each other? Yeah, we'll just sit here and do whatever the hell we want to do
Here's my story it's strange but true
I'm out of the show that I want to
He took his push and ran around
Do every single people in town
Yes
but because
Do your parties for something
Just but so it may sound
And
Oh
I wonder how we get to round, yeah, it's a thing they never cut, to round
Now people do what I say, but give him to talk every day
It's the more I love the stories of my guys
It's the land I'm trying to give him something before he's so alive
He might be a little more fun of people, so I'm alive
Or maybe that's my show up is a spline bomb
It's the best song to me, it's the best song to me
It's the best song to me, it's the best song to me, it's the best song to me
I wonder how we get to round, yeah, it's a thing they never cut, to round
Now people do what I say, but give him to talk every day
It's the more I love the stories of my guys
It's the last time I give him something before he's so alive
He might be a little more fun of people, so I'll survive
Or maybe that's my show up is a spline bomb
It's the best song to me, no matter what you do
It's the拳空谷
It's the most fun, everybody is so clean
Get, get, get, I appreciate my stuff I got back in.
You know that's the right, get something to do.
Get, get, get something to the right, get some all.
And everybody's the right, get, get to the right, get to the right.
Okay.
We've already started organizing the room as I look for stuff.
We cannot find anything.
I'm looking for something, but I get back into it in a minute.
Can you do the weather here, Captain Dave?
And then I'm going to do a spot for TJ Sentiments.
Zeta forecast, partly cloudy and mild today with a high of 80.
Loatownite 69, it'll be increasingly cloudy tomorrow with a high of 82.
Increasing chance of rain too.
But the outlook for Christmas, partly cloudy and mild.
And right now it's 73 in South Florida.
Okay.
Oh, here it is.
All right.
So we'll play this next.
And, but first I have to tell you about a holiday gift suggestion from TJ Sentiments.
And you know we get those in here all the time in the morning.
And boy, are they great?
And right now when you stop into any of the four TJ Sentiments locations in South
Florida, you can pick up a special holiday 10 filled with either four of those scrumptious
original sentiment rolls or five delicious pecan sticky buns.
And a holiday 10 is a perfect gift for anyone.
And you can send these incredible edibles anywhere in the continental U.S.
Just stop by TJ Sentiments today.
Find out more details on how you can send a special holiday 10 to someone you love.
And while you're there, pick up a few TJ Sentiments gifts or delegates to put into the stockings
or pass out at the office.
And speaking about the office, nothing wakes up a business meeting better than a cup of coffee.
And TJ Sentiments original sentiment rolls,
cinnamon loaf, pecan sticky buns and cinnamon raisin bread.
So when we had them last week, they do make the coffee taste better in the morning.
I swear they really do.
Okay?
They're in Pomphano Square TJ Sentiments.
Also in the Galleria in Fort Lauderdale, the Kindle Mall, 107th and Kindle Drive,
and the new location, which is 2055 University Drive in the Carl Pom Plaza.
And that's in Carl Springs when we're talking about one of our favorites around here, folks.
We can't seem to get enough of them.
TJ Sentiments.
All right.
Coming up on 721 at Zeta4, on the Neal Rogers Show and Dade County next.
Hi.
Where in Captain it's in Ricky from sunny-out.
Ricky, how you doing today?
I just woke up.
You just woke up?
I had to call the course.
Uh-huh.
It's like a sickness.
Yeah, it's a disease.
And you know there's no cure for it.
Are you aware of that?
Well, it's a good thing because it feels good.
Uh-huh.
All right.
You know, I've been meaning to ask this for months and months.
During the so far campaign, I was hoping to get the three-way and to get on it.
I never got that.
No, that's gone forever, sir.
I mean, it's gone forever even on a private tape.
That's correct.
And that's really weird.
That was the freeway in Spic.
It was the only thing in the history of Neal and AM and here on the FM that we took
unauthorized.
We took that from a, that's from what's his name in New York.
What's his name?
How not Howard Stern?
Don Imez.
Yeah.
That was a Don Imez bit.
And we were unauthorized to play that.
But it was so funny.
We played it.
But that's why it got pulled because we really weren't supposed to.
That's the only thing we've ever done like that that we weren't supposed to do.
That's what happened.
I was never sure why because I never got to listen to Neal all the time.
Was always doing breaks or something.
And I never got the full reason out.
No, that was the reason.
That we did something wrong, sir.
We just couldn't resist.
It was so funny.
Don't you agree?
It was a, it was a bad.
I know.
It really was the best.
I mean, I always wanted to show it off.
You know, and tape it.
But I never got a chance to tape it.
Well, I'm sorry it's gone.
That hurts.
Anyway, how about the James Brown alarm?
I just played it while you were asleep.
I'm sorry.
I played it like 15 minutes ago.
You were unconscious.
I certainly was.
I'm sorry.
I'll do it for you tomorrow though.
All right.
Okay.
Thank you for that.
And, uh, bye-bye.
Bye.
And that was a pretty good bye-bye.
Dave County, hi.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Happy, uh, happy Christmas.
Yeah, same to you.
Happy holidays.
Christmas week and all that.
Yeah, I just wanted to call and wish you guys, uh, wish you guys the best of the
holidays and, uh, I think you're doing a great job, even though Neil's not around.
Well, we're just trying to sort of relax this week, you know, because everybody's off
and off school and everything.
And, uh, so we're just sort of hanging out playing around, you know.
Yeah, but it's good fun, you know.
Yeah, good.
Well, I'm having a good time.
I am too listening.
I enjoy you guys.
I've been listening ever since you came over to the FM.
Mm-hmm.
And, uh, it's sort of a whole new way of looking at the morning.
So in other words, you never listened to Neil when he was on AM.
I never lived down here.
Oh, is that right?
Where'd you come from?
North Carolina.
Oh, boy.
Is this really like your first Christmas in Florida?
Um, I've been Christmas always up in North Florida, but this is like the first time down
in Miami.
Yeah, you're going to like it.
80 degrees on Christmas day.
Can you believe it?
It's a lot to be said for sitting on the beach on Christmas day.
I agree.
Yeah, that's the way I like it.
It's the best.
And also, uh, you know, you can see what's under those, uh, what would normally be under
those heavy coats.
Yeah, right.
That's, that's really true.
Of course, you don't have any problem with that with all these women that call up.
Can you believe all these women?
Yeah, that's pretty amazing.
I wanted to know what your secret was.
Yeah, I, you know, I've been wondering myself what I have done to deserve all this, but
I am enjoying it.
Yeah, I guess this, you know, once you, uh, once you get on the air with Neil,
you know, and yeah, I guess you're right.
So I'm just going to try to enjoy it.
Yeah, did you hear the chocolate syrup lady earlier?
No, not today.
You missed that call.
Oh, boy, we should have taped that one.
All right.
Well, yeah, one to ask you to if you play the, uh, either the Neil Rogers disease or the
Gwynne Hill disease.
You got it.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Very Christmas.
Okay.
Captain Dave.
Okay.
Bye.
Okay.
Let me play this request first, and then we will, uh, we'll get the diseases on for me on
the day.
I'm going to have a great weekend, say to 724 now.
He went away and you went around.
And bothered me every night.
My window I would do.
He said some things that just were very nice.
My boyfriend, back and you're going to be in trouble.
Hey, love, hey, love, my boyfriend, back.
When you pay him, comment better, head out on the job block.
Hey, love, hey, love, my boyfriend, love.
You've been spreading the pulp that I was untrue.
Hey, love, hey, love, my boyfriend, love.
He doesn't even try and, but soon we'll be can't watch.
He's the God in such a long time.
Hey, love, hey, love, my boyfriend, love.
If you're going to be sorry, you are ever born.
He doesn't even try and get you back.
He's just a bit strong.
He knows I wasn't cheating.
That's right.
So you're going to take a beating.
You're a bit boy now, but he'll catch you down the side.
I hate you.
I hate you and I'll just pick up a lot.
I hate you.
My God, the guy keeps going to save my reputation.
So why don't you live like yesterday on your permanent vacation?
I can see him coming.
He really better get into your deed and start running.
You're a bit boy now, but he'll catch you down the side.
Because like me, he just tests your guts and all your hateful eyes.
My boyfriend's back.
There's going to be such a lot of trouble.
Hey, love, hey, love, my boyfriend.
My boyfriend's back.
My boyfriend's back.
I hate you.
I hate you because I hate you.
God will come for you.
Hi, hi.
We're coming quickly.
I'm thrilled.
You believe us, huh?
I don't feel like a human being.
727 is 8 to 4.
That's the BJs with my boyfriend's back.
But we're pressed now.
Rich is here with the computer.
Are you disappointed that people aren't asking?
I'm surprised.
We only had a few women call in.
And maybe some guys who are cross-dresses may want to call in.
Okay, let's just go down the line and see what's on people's minds.
And then we'll play one of the diseases for you that we have to request for.
Good morning, Broward County.
Hello, buddy.
How you doing, pal?
Pretty good.
What's up?
Everything's fine.
How are you today?
Not bad, sir.
I want to thank you for the tape, sir.
Oh, you got your tape.
And how was it?
Oh, it's fine, sir.
I'm going to give it a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of an almost bit of a little bit of a little bit of A little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of A little bit of A little
Like Rostadjou and Fairfax Avenue stuff like that.
I've got a number of known past tapes.
Uh-huh.
Well, I'll get everyone that he has carted up in here.
I will play it for you right in a row.
All right, thank you, my friend.
OK.
See you later.
Right now, here's the Neal Rogers disease that we had a request for.
It's 732.
This is Zeta 4 in the Rogers Show.
Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children,
a summer home in Opalaka, and a chain of radio stations.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi, honey.
How was your day?
Unbelievable.
Terminal.
There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there.
Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease.
Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet?
But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald.
Oh, no.
That's a cop out.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to L. Herald, sir.
Huh?
People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal
human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue-haired old bags from Fembroke Pines.
You know, the Yenthas, who say, all Neal, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around stealing sweet and low.
Can I get you anything?
How about those bad boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look.
In credible.
Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic, please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night.
You know what that means.
Hey, you know what I got?
A nine.
A nine.
What's Lephalor got?
Three points, something?
Send your tax deductible contributions today in Carro hot 105.
Terminal.
Be believable.
All right.
It's 734.
Exactly.
Hey, Glenn.
Yes, sir.
We got the original formula guy here.
The guy that gave us the formula the other morning.
Yeah?
We're about to.
He's on Broward, too.
This is the man who gave us the formula.
Hello.
Hello?
No, this is not the man who gave us the formula.
She wants to borrow it.
You got Broward.
This is Broward.
Sorry.
Hi, what's up?
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I, you said let's hold on a minute with Captain Dave.
I didn't know you were putting me back on.
Uh-oh.
What?
What did you want?
Oh, well.
Is this the chocolate syrup lady?
Yes.
I was staying unsafe from sleeping around on the dials just a minute ago.
Uh-huh.
And it just happened that there was, this isn't alive.
This is real truth.
And I was wondering, Captain Dave heard it.
That there was a chocolate syrup truck that had a wreck.
There's a chocolate syrup truck that had a wreck.
Yes, it's true.
I think it's mine.
Are you all upset?
Yeah, because it wasn't here in Florida.
It wasn't in Florida?
No.
Well then why are you upset?
That's like free chocolate.
I think I might have gotten rid of it.
Uh, we don't have the story anymore.
Uh, so you've thrown our formula off.
Did you hear that?
Yes, I know.
We've been doing other women and they've all come out like right on the letter, right on the number.
My whole life has always been told that was different.
Yeah, you don't work.
You don't work right?
Oh yes, I do.
Here it is, here it is.
I'm sorry, what one second?
Did you hear the guy call up who wanted to meet you?
Um.
You missed that call because you were, huh?
Honey.
Yeah, yeah.
Do you want to meet him?
You have his number.
Uh, you really want to meet him?
Not in person, I talk for...
Okay, alright.
Get the melting pot, buy me all the chocolate.
What's up?
Okay, you got the story?
It was in Kansas City, a truck carrying 4,000 gallons of warm liquid chocolate overturned
yesterday forcing cleanup workers to use a snow plow and sending children scurrying for sacks.
What?
It looked like a chocolate ice rink, a fire department spokesman said.
So you jealous, you wish you were there, right?
Warm liquid chocolate.
You wish you were there?
Chocolate syrup?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, you'll be okay.
That's so disgusting.
You want to hold on?
Sure.
We want to talk to the man with the formula here.
Hi.
How are you doing?
A real fine.
A while.
So your formula is working basically, but there seems to be some exceptions to the rule as what we found out.
Yeah, I, uh, as I mentioned to you the other day, I really discovered this back when I was about the eighth grade.
Really?
And it worked out real well.
It was a great way to, uh, introduce, uh, yourself to a young lady that you were interested in.
Mm-hmm.
And it worked very, very well on young women.
Is that right?
Uh, uh, yes, or Friday when I called this in, I went back to sleep and recorded the rest of the show.
Uh-huh.
That's why I didn't call that.
Right.
But, uh, I got a little nervous about the old formula.
So all weekend long, of course, I was, uh, punching my calculator buttons.
Uh-huh.
Almost getting punched out at the same time.
Right.
And, uh, found out that it seemed like the older, uh, the ladies yet, the more off it seems to be.
And, you know, if you're going to make a mistake, if you think you're wrong, you have to add about an interest to an interest in a half.
And then you've got it.
I see.
I see.
Yeah.
Well, that would be, that would make sense, yeah.
Unless you've got somebody that just, uh, you know, just totally takes this thing off the wall like the chocolate syrup.
Yeah, exactly like the chocolate syrup lady.
Although we're, we're kind of close.
Well, maybe two inches off on her.
That's not that bad.
Now, tell us where this formula came from again.
You told us Friday, but, uh, well, it, it came from a friend of mine who raised Cal.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what you said.
It came from Cal's who.
There was a way of, uh, figuring out the girth of a cow, I guess.
Yeah.
And it's, it's the numbers verbatim, I guess.
It were done halfers real.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And so, yeah, for the most part, it does work, but we do get those exceptions that are just not, you know.
There were the other ways that you've mentioned finding out the same information.
I think I prefer.
Oh.
Yeah.
They'll just let them tell me.
But as you can see, it, it's a lot of fun.
Yeah.
And we've been thrilled to introduce this formula to South Florida.
It did seem to catch a lot of, you know, we had a lot of calls about it.
And we've been testing out, but so you think it works best, say, like on teenagers.
Now, not teenagers through about 30 years.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That seems to be what we're finding.
And then it gets a little off.
And if it's an older woman, I've been adding about two inches.
And that, that gets me pretty close.
Mm-hmm.
But you know, the other time I ever shared this, I used to teach math here.
You know, if the classes were getting a little small, this would perk up the interest.
Yeah.
I bet.
The license is too, by the way.
Yeah.
Well, this seems to be a lot of people interested in this.
Now, as I say again, this is not going to be the only thing we do while Neil's gone, or we'll never hear the end of it.
I know I can hardly wait to hear that.
Yeah.
Oh boy.
You know, the fact that we're talking about bra sizes and breasts on the Neil Roger show is pretty incredible, if you think about it.
It certainly is.
Yeah.
But we've had a lot of fun with it.
But this is probably the last day we're going to mess with it.
I have to admit, I mean, the show is as much fun as listening to Neil and you guys are doing a great job.
Well, that's a great compliment.
Thanks a lot for helping us out.
Okay.
See you later.
All right.
Dade County, hi.
How you doing?
All right.
Hey, Bert.
How you doing?
First time in college, right?
Hey, is that right?
Yeah.
You're afraid to talk to Uncle Neil?
Huh?
Oh, no, no.
I guess I was hurting about that computer there.
Oh, yeah.
What do you think about it?
I'll see what happens.
What do you think about it?
It looks good so far when I try to convince you what happened.
You do?
Yeah.
Okay, let's go.
How much do you weigh?
About 190, 192.
Let's put 192 in.
And how tall are you?
Five nine.
Five nine.
This is real funny on men.
Oh, okay.
The computer says 42.
What?
42.
Oh, wait, man.
Well.
Maybe that's the size of your stomach.
Oh, I got a 33, almost a 32 weight.
It doesn't work on guys.
And Neil.
Taller.
He's five nine.
And 190 something?
And you have a 32 waist?
Well, God bless you, man.
You have to work out a lot of something.
Hey, man.
You got to go into the gym and work out.
I guess you're right.
Yeah, it doesn't seem to work on guys.
And Neil would love it if we had a formula for guys, but we don't.
All right.
So you enjoy it as we try it on women today, some.
All right.
Hey, great.
Great show.
You're doing good.
See you later.
Okay.
Let's play another request we had this morning.
Haven't heard this in a while.
There are two Miami cops with a hot two beans.
There on the streets fighting crime.
Hey, pops.
That's a handicap face, air.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
In Helen Dale Vice.
We got a problem.
The gray gang is up to the oil tricks.
We've seen it in that the group has seen your citizens
to win around trying to get the early bird special after seven.
Yeah, they're back and down.
Let's go get them.
Danes stop at nothing to clean up the streets.
Hey, lady, you can't cross.
Here you'll have to cross at the light.
Man, they're determined to clean up the smuggling business.
All right, sister, you're under arrest.
Also, now you're arresting my wife, watch the charge.
Session of powder.
Open that purse tub.
Let's see that white stuff.
Yeah, just a thought.
She's got over 100 bags in here.
Of what?
Sweet and low.
From that restaurant, she just came out of.
Let's take a man.
Yeah, it's Derek and Larry.
In Miami Cubs on a hot new beach.
In Helen Dale Vice.
Proveeering disfall on MBC.
Okay, 742 now, Anzada.
Dave, do you think I dare go back and talk to the chocolate lady?
Or should I wait?
I don't, that's up to you.
I'm not going to say it because it's pretty terminal to me.
It is?
It's like, you know, this repetitive phone call.
But you know, a lot of people probably want to hear from her.
So maybe you should.
Do you really think it's repetitive?
Well, hmm.
Okay, Dave County.
Hi.
Hey.
Hey, listen.
Yeah.
Well, see, I got to ask you something.
Okay.
My sister's got a toe ladder melons.
A measure.
Uh-huh.
But see, me myself, I like black women.
So when I go to start by, you know, national geographic.
Uh-huh.
And also, I'm going to tell you a joke.
How can you, uh, an ECO P and P.
Now, wait a minute.
Can you give us any, uh, stats on your sister, like, uh, height and weight or anything?
Well, she's about 100 pounds or less.
100 pounds.
Or less.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Do you ask you, uh, if you wanted to hear the cassette?
Do you have any idea how tall she is?
Yes, about 5.
5.
5.
6.
Let's put in 5.
6 and see what it comes up.
Comes out to a 32-note cup.
32?
And you say that's not right, huh?
Huh?
You say it's, she thinks she's more than a 32?
She'd be swept by that amount.
Okay.
Well, good luck to you.
Chocolate syrup lady.
Yes.
You're still there.
Um, you're leaving Thursday for vacation?
That's good.
Thursday's my last day for 10 days.
Oh.
Are you going to be okay?
Yeah, I'm going to be fine because I'm going to be leaving too.
Where are you going?
I'm not taking any.
Any what?
I'll see.
Are you going to Kansas City?
I'm going to Kansas City.
And where the chocolate truck overturned?
I'm going to Kansas City.
You're going to Tennessee?
Yeah.
All right.
When will you be back?
Oh, guys.
Next year.
Next year, yeah.
Okay.
Well, listen, I've enjoyed talking to you, but they seem to think you're repetitive around here, so I'm going to have to move along, okay?
Oh, Dave.
Dave said that.
Can you believe that?
Dave, I mean, serious.
If you were laying down and you didn't have a shirt on, and I would have poured hot baby oil all over you.
Well, I am laying down with a shirt off, but that's what I always do this show.
Oh, really?
On your back or on your stomach?
Do you really think she's repetitive?
Very.
