I knew some of these people would start dropping off because they really wanted to talk to Miss hot pants and
She's long gone. We have two. Oh look at that all the browards gone
See broward knows that this station is right near the line and they were all prepared to come down and
meet Cathy's baby today
Up close and personal, but they're all gone. So let me give that broward number out 764
0707 did anybody hear Tom jicca on a great worthy show yesterday?
Now that was an interesting show see jicca is one of those guests and that's the only reason that we keep him on the show
We have very few guests now, but he is riveting no matter who show he's on
And I was fascinated because there were parts of that show when it sounded like he and Craig were debating and
Then when Lee Fowler and Dennis Collins came in at five o'clock
I thought they were gonna kind of like take over the show luckily that didn't happen
But who the hell needed them in there, right?
Boy talk about a couple of nervous Nellies Opalaka. Hello. Wow. I want to know if
Cathy is white or black who?
Taffy McCallum
Wonder just left white
Cathy West Cathy West is very white. She's pale as a matter of fact
Is that is that good or bad? It doesn't I don't care. I'm still like her show. Oh, okay
Okay, bye. Okay
It's 1118 at W Y and Z and we've really fallen off almost nothing
What's that Ken's mother's name is sandy?
Well, yeah, I've heard her show
Okay, let me give that brown number out again. What that'll happen in Broward County?
Can't believe it 764
O's 7
O's 7 is there anybody alive or we picking up where we left off yesterday?
See I felt guilty yesterday because we had pretty boring show yesterday
But not my fault because as I even in fact Fowler was doing part two of his sex pole and
asking questions about elephant organisms and things like that and he had no calls. He was asking questions of the board ops
And of course if you knew some of the board ops over there
Obviously they weren't qualified to answer most of those questions either but in as I begin
Feeling my way through the day. I realized that until jicke came on later and of course he always gets a lot of calls because he's
One of the few guesters got any idea what he's talking about until then it was like death Valley days
And even one of the merchants in one of the malls talked to me yesterday called up and he said man
If you could be here right now. It's like a ghost town like everybody left
And that's probably because Passover is coming up the beginning of the week, right?
I mean in this town even the Gentile celebrate Passover
It's 19th listen if it was good enough for Jesus. It's good enough for them 19 past 11 at W.I. and Z
We're gonna do a little break here. We'll come right back
Well, leave it for a minute. There's nobody in this market on AM who's gonna get paid that kind of money
Well, you know, that's what I wanted to say something about and this is not a thankful call
But I don't know what you're paid, but you know you do something that the other talkos don't do for instance
When not listening to you and then when you bled over with with callers
I used to bleed a lot on callers show you because his callers you show that we had a good time in the callers
Now I know this is like a one-man serve. I realize that's no scientific validity, but I started
Listening to John Broward after you guys started getting into it. Well, don't blame don't blame me for that. No, I understand but
now I
With the Kathy Westers is you're really making her a star. I get up
Before I used to switch around. I used to listen to Al at mine
on Saturdays now when I get up I turn on
I can turn on Kathy at eight or whatever it is eight thirty because maybe there's gonna be something going on there
That you guys are gonna get on to later
I don't think anybody else does that. I think that you're able to take other talkos on your
on your station and
Improve their ratings. I don't know how you could test that though
Well, I'll tell you one thing not only on this station
I think at a whole market when the traffic magazine did that piece couple of years ago
You'll notice in the back they had little profiles at Mark Fisher wrote of many of the other talkos and for two solid days in this market
That was the only topic of conversation and you know when when
Discussion about talk radio comes up. It's generally generated on this show
So those people out there who say oh what he talks about other talkos double time and it's bush league and it's this and so on and so forth
The fact is I think this program generates more interest and more controversy and more
Stimulation about the whole talk radio business than anything else in town certainly more than the promotion because I heard somebody talking to
Jika about that yesterday
Why don't they promote this show more the bottom line is they don't promote it at all?
zero
So any promotion that's been done on this show has been stimulated from right here and believe me just with a
Halendale thing alone, you know people magazines coming here on Monday
That's got nothing to do with the promotion department here. That's all stimulated right here
Well, I go once that further when when you listening to jika yesterday it almost sounded like he was talking to you
Out in the audience like he had you in mind
A lot of things that he was saying so it's very interesting. No, it's only it's only Bill Caltor who does that
Listen, you know
There's a star and then when he goes back on nights
I'm gonna listen to him on nights. I you know it's listen. What can you say you make people stars?
Have a good day. He makes people want you make people stars. Oh stars. I thought he said starve
No, no
Stars, okay, because Jerry Wichner once said that there's been a famine and he said he's the after resultant on the one who caused it
Jerry Wichner. Oh my god. I mean, I you know, I turn him on but he's better than a valium
You want to go to sleep at night turn him on exactly? That's why he belongs back on a midnight
Crawley and saw me X man 30 seconds of Jerry and you're in a deep sleep
Exactly. It's not coming to us. Okay. See you later
1136 at W. I. N. C. We have a caller in Hallendale right after our break who wants to talk about Howard Sterns
Probably his mother-in-law and we do have a couple of open lines in date
If you'd like to join us here things have slowed down a little bit since can't be left
But I'm not gonna take it personally because I noticed that starting yesterday the town is in a blue funk
It's kind of
And depressing and we're all just gonna kind of leave
Not
Oh, I thought you were gonna say you don't like it when she's on my show
Wait a year this letter
Dear Uncle Neil even as I'm writing this you are talking with Kathy West
Enough already
So I turn off my radio until I figure she's gone all of us here at work look forward to hearing you every morning
But not when Kathy is on she may be a wonderful person
But she needs to get more education or something she has her own show so let her stay on it at least then
She is not cutting it on your time. I hate to complain
But what can I do Martha in wherever
Martha Washington
See you take her way down from Mount Garda dolly Madison
Oh the other thing I want to mention you have this guy on
To be for you talk all that in radio talk which is terribly interesting to you. I'm sure but not to the audience I know
Okay
Of the
Was dropping something
Do what's robbing?
Robbing I said robbing. What did you say?
I know I keep on
Okay
Okay, see you later
Okay, listen we can't have Kathy on the show we can't talk radio
We don't want to talk about the FM certainly because that isn't radio
All of their doing better. They really are there sounding better. What's they get those guys with the big balls?
He voices on the air man. That's gonna be great
Satan 94.9. No, they really do. They sound much better. They are going places
And that's a thing man once those people who remember to get off drugs for a day or two and they discover it's back on the year
They're gonna really go somewhere. Okay. We have an open line in brown. It's 764. Oh apartment and I sleep here. Okay
One day in the kitchen one day in the
In the foyer
Has been on a sleep in the newsroom. She slept around in there a little bit
But now it's got Walter Mendoe. No, no, he was before my time actually he was between my time
It was between your while I was here in 1791 and I left so he was in between
No, no, no, no, let me be the first to war
That's for you
Yes, so if you look at them real closely if you grab them real quick before they swim up street that it
Has a little wick you know, I've been going to wick since six all these years and buying candles you realize I'm what I could have
Oh boy, I'm not gonna uh, I'm not gonna pursue that. I'm not tropeing into that for one second
That's very sweet. We have a lot of ladies in our audience who spend a lot of time at wicks and sticks
Sniffing
Well see she's I don't know what her story is. I really don't I think she's been sticking their glue in the newsroom Kyle knows
Kyle in our very close
Ha ha ha ha
It's not what he said you wouldn't believe what he told me about you, but that's another story
I'll tell you during the next break. Thank you. Well Arlene Ross is here
She's trying to fulfill the void that Kathy West left here so to speak and can we move on now?
Did you have something you want to do? I was just lonely in my little cage by myself. I got to come in and say good morning
Good morning, Arlene. Good morning, you
How are you doing? How it's staring again? Oh god
We're gonna report you to Howard
He's New Yorkers, man. I'm telling you there are so many douchebags from New York not all of them some of them are really great
About 200 of them I think
It's not a good batting average out of 15 million, you know Miami. Hello. I knew how you do it for one at w i and z
Arlene Ross is here if there's anybody in the audience who has any idea who our lean is
I'd like to remain anonymous
Why? Because I can guess because he's not a lot you can't be very anonymous
See he's been telling if he used a better name every time I saw my style was changed. Or is that it?
He used a different name. I don't look anything like my driver's license picture
It has my married name on it, you know, I can get a lot done
Okay as a matter of fact, she's been posing as Kathy West all week, which is why
Did you notice what Kathy was in here were you listening when she was in here this morning?
And all these guys who have been allegedly salivating all week, you know
I just having a nervous breakdown and getting moist over the thought of Kathy's breasts
They didn't call her. I mean, this is a stiff town so to speak
Speak for yourself honey only figuratively speaking but as a matter of fact, Kathy left a picture of one of her boyfriend's
Really young well, hey listen Kathy likes to a spread her love around, you know
Met you bring sunshine into many lives exactly North Miami. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes
Only sounds pretty good, but not good at Kathy now. How do you know that so much?
I'm so sweet
I don't know how your blood pressure remains calm when you talk to that idiot can walk
I think I have to call a couple of the guys who medley and have been painless
The man's total idiot. Oh, are you smoking? No, but every time I hear him and I don't know how he gets through making those
Holy voices up
Uh, my daughter and I were both listening and he haven't even got pissed off
Hey here that moron
There's nothing you can do about it. You can't screen him out somehow. You know that this guy has been cranking
Talk shows in this market for 15 years
Well, I mean, isn't anybody wise to him? Oh, yeah
Well, Southern Bell, of course, is so aggressive, you know, I mean, they just they don't want to do anything
You can the guy doesn't even deny it. I mean, he admits it. We've got he's getting out his own talk to you
He's getting more calls than we are now and
uh, he just
insists that these compulsory can't control himself
Well, he needs medical care. Well, maybe you ought to call his parents. They live in the same house their number is 932
4192 saw and sandy block 932
4192 and maybe someone ought to suggest to the block family that Kenneth needs a little bit of help. Yeah. Yeah
He definitely needs help also listen. I tied up that record of us week that the goalfanger goalfaker. Oh, yeah
Thank you. Yeah, who's kind of cute. I put you might get a cake. Excellent
Anyway, listen keep up. Kathy is just great and
All in listen. What can I tell you? Maybe you'll become a big league star or all that well if Neil keeps telling everyone that
I'm sleeping around. I'm sure that my time will come to your time
No question about it
See you later. In fact, we heard that our leanstime comes 24 hours a day
But that's only an ugly rule. I'm really lucky
Okay, it's 25 before 1 at w.i.n.z
We've got a lot of hot young ladies walking around the building here unfortunately none of them will come on here with us
We have an open line in day. It's 624
0191 and if we can bring back one of the former FM dish jockeys
I'm sure we could have a lot of these people in here too, man. I'm trying it. We could uh
Anybody seem willy-be lately?
You know him
Really? Well, we'll talk about him during the break
And I see Maroon. Yeah, like military intelligence jumbo shrimp team stuff
Think about when you were a teenager
Was like fire fire I sure would know but it could have been if I didn't know the animal I know now. Yeah, wow
I had a hell of a high school class. I'll tell you that
Did you who was in your high school class?
Lot of interesting people
I read this the other day and of course in this market it means nothing you sh-
Then this article and people sherry 17
What the hell am I sitting here holding the microphone for?
A senior in a suburban Atlanta high school says our parents just know we're out there screwing our little buns off
But they can't bring themselves to talk to us about it
Now wait till you hear this parents who believe they get honest answers when talking to their teens about sex
81 percent
Teens who say they are totally honest when talking to their parents about sex high school 22 percent college
27 percent so that means somewhere in between 60 percent of the kids are lying
Well, most kids don't ever they can't picture their parents ever having done it despite the evidence
So they there's no question
They don't want to really shock like they think maybe it happened once by accident and they're the product of it
Right is that what you thought?
I think when I told my parents obviously they only did it twice real good and in your case it had to be an accident
Thank you so much, but who what's that? That's an old
Cat in the hot tin roof. Let's hear it
Nothing about Paul Newman to get anybody excited
Oh
The picture of these what would you say they are about 16?
Yeah, he's got her backed up against the lockers there. I mean, that's kind of a provocative pose for people isn't it?
Got a padlock
This is how I was going to be kind of white
Kind of a fluffy
magazine
Because I I pulled this out so to speak I pulled us out to bring you here to talk to
What's it right after?
But after hearing a leaf powder doing another sex pool yesterday. There's no way that I'm gonna do it
He's been off for quite a while. Yeah, yeah
Oh
Ken Black I guess you believe in the freedom of expression and
So the last night two o'clock in the morning I call him to tell him
How I thought the bottle did he answer the phone?
Huh did he answer the phone?
Yes, I asked
I call him about two in the morning to see what he wanted to say and what do he say?
That's too much enough for letter words that I think the seven words you're not allowed to say
Unbelievable. Well, listen, maybe he can use his own show
He hit the critical
He doesn't mind you know freedom of expression, but he wouldn't even you know talk to us
So it's terrible. Well, we'd want to spread it around where if he wants to change, you know
To be a star. He's got to take the good one with the bad the better with the sweet
That's for sure. Okay. See you
You too, it wouldn't be better than that call yesterday. Is there any way we can
Who?
Wait a minute. Can we put that on the air?
Which line? Oh, there it is. Hello?
Hello
Sparky
Can block
Oh
Is he gone?
Oh
Oh boy, I would have tell you
Sonny Rosenberg was never in better voice, wasn't he?
Oh
Hello hello yes
Hello
What you saying about your demographic just when you think that this guy is gone. He's still there
Yeah
Who's he calling now?
Connor he's going from eight is Z to bet this we didn't do this to the beginning of the show
Oh
Wait till he finds it then we're really gonna get it so far he's still looking for it
Hello hello hello yes who might speak you know
This is a w. I. N. Z. This is Neil Rogers
Oh, yeah, I know it's Mike Lansch. You think I don't recognize that voice?
How you been oh you're one of the crackers Mike yeah, we're doing okay you and Ken block
No, yes
Well, that's not what we hear we hear that you and Ken block are responsible for most of the cranking going on in town
That's the very popular rumor
There you know there's Ken right on the other line here. Do you know Ken
Hello
Yeah, there he is
They've got him caged up today I guess till he's on that work releasing they don't let him out on the shop bus
Are you there Mike? No, he cut Mike off. I guess he's gonna call all of his
Associates here now that's good
So Mike Lansch
Is well, we already knew that
Maybe he'll call Ellis Rubin next
I think this is that was I was that Ellis
Ellis how did you like that what was it a month or his premise Roshita is gonna be gone next
Get out of here so it's gonna go take god and you know
Don't know hello
This is all doggy radio hello
What what is going on? I have a show to get out of here so what's happening don't muscle in on this show
Hey, I could get this is like Miller shot. I got this story. This is better than the calls Mike Miller gets
What what hello Mike I said you three postcards
Is this a caller that you this is this is not a caller. This is a special hookup
You want a great expense to put on here today exactly
I have to follow this at two oh cyber heard your shows lately trust me don't give me any uh oh
I'm gonna make you feel any better the caller is Jewish is that okay
It'll take me 40 minutes to get rid of your perverts that want to find out who our big Orleans breasts are and where the
Capy does it with the Navy
Now you have this on
oh
This is good radio I hope management is listening
This is the new format wait a minute
Oh, kins got his answering machine on now
Obviously your name and a brief message and Saul or Sandy will get back to you so Sandy
Please wait for the beep tone coming up shortly. Okay
This is really exciting
I'm glad I got here early today
Hi, Ken. This is Al rantell. We watch you to call us on Monday at 9 a.m. We've got an urgent message for you. Thank you
Yeah, I think he found it
He just found it
All right, can we put this on hold for just a second because we got our last break to do now don't go away, okay?
Okay
See we might be able to deal with this guy yet you know, I mean even after the if they brought jacquist old back
He really be good 10 minutes before it to it w i and z will come right back
Hattie
Okay, 153 is w. You want us to try something a little different because we have a lady in bokeh who's desperate to get on here. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes. Can we get them both on together? No luck go ahead
Today you sound it as though you were ready to be tied with no calls coming in no calls
This is my chance wait a minute when do we have no calls coming in was yesterday yesterday was slow. Yeah
So I called and I got I got on some wire with another man. He kept calling hello
Hello, hello, and I just couldn't get through
What I want to ask you is this wait a minute what happened to our other car here? Oh there he is
Go ahead you played a tape about the healers about 10 days ago. It was very good and very funny. Yeah
And you never played it again. I would love to hear it. I would love to record it
Oh
How about when let's add other callers still on there where we didn't want to hang up on him
How about on Monday would that be good with that convenient for me? Tell me what time
So
Now he said I couldn't I can't believe it. He's really outdone himself today. I knew finally would do something good
Exactly
Yes, yes, I remember what you're talking about it's very funny. That's really good the Reverend Holy moly
Right, I think so yet. Okay. We'll do it for you Monday. What time in the first hour?
So I can't give you a minute. I'll let you know fine. Okay in the 10 o'clock hour. I'm 10 to 11 right very good. Okay
No, we still got a couple of minutes here. Let's see if we can
You have an exclusive on this guy's yes, sure he doesn't call the only calls me and Tom jica. Okay
And Mike Lane's he does this professionally. I mean, this is what he does exactly. Yeah
Huh at the tone
Your name and a brief message and Saul or Sandy will go
I'll wait to be coming up here
Saul this is leaf follow we have an opening in our afternoon show and we'd like you to come down in our
Edition if you wouldn't mind
We're trying to get somebody really uplifting for our sagging ratings lately. So please call us back at
Hello, yes, just five nine five five eight eight nine. Yes public supermarket
You're not
Wait a minute five nine five five eight eight nine
That sounds like fruit cake to me
Hello
Yeah, he disconnected her I want to write that down five nine five five eight eight nine
That must be his number. Okay, because this might not be who we think it is just might be uh let him
Hello
Hello
Hello
Is that it you think that's it right now we have expired yeah
Self-destructed there he goes. Okay, just one second here. Let me try something real quick
five nine five
Or problems I gave the number out on a year like it's really yeah, it's usually
It's busy. It's called let's be fruit cake. Okay. Well listen. That's a great ending to a great show today
Can't say we have a good friend
There's Adam is getting all excited worked up again
Good. Well that means you're number one early. I saw that
Okay, well, that said here's Ernie is beginning to sing so I think it's time for me to get out of here
Absolutely when you start singing that's the go hitting all time new lows
Well, have yourselves a wonderful weekend ladies and gentlemen Ernie is here with another one of those mind
boggling shows here's God
On his show today. I hope he shows
I've had trouble with guests. Oh god isn't in the building yet. No, not yet. Well, he's busy
He's uh, you know checking the points bread on the high school baseball games
But oh, there's a caller in Davie who's upset. Yeah, I'm still here. What are you upset about?
I well, I listened to the new sound of i 94 and I didn't get to tell Ken to block like a dog
What
I didn't get to tell Ken to block like a dog. What does that mean sir?
Well, that was Ken barking wasn't it?
You left the lady from bulk it in I was like hoping I was going to be in there too. Oh, I say no
We're not sure if that was that I think that call may have been from uh, Kendall
Hmm
May have been a schmendric in Kendall, but we'll check it out for you sir
But I'm glad we got you on before the end of the line as I started to say before I was so rudely interrupted by that caller
Have a great weekend. We'll see you Monday morning at 10 and Monday. We're just we're gonna bring in all the good stuff
Okay, we're gonna do Howard Stern imitations. We're gonna do some of the Al Rantel material
We're gonna have the devil on to counter Ernie show today. I mean, we're just gonna
Let it all hang out on Monday right now Arlene Wolf Arlene Wolf
Oh god Arlene Ross is here and she will let exactly well after hearing the big bad wolf will never be the same again
You
