I think somebody messed with some of the stuff over here. Let me punch a few buttons. How's that now?
That didn't do anything.
This is what's...
This is what the stand does, right?
It comes in here and punches those buttons.
Yeah, they have one to two of those meetings a week.
That worked really well. You hear me now like on a one channel?
No.
And I'll have about this one.
Yeah.
See, with this one you can change channels.
I'm good.
I can't hear you at all.
You can't hear me at all?
Not in my phone.
Now I can hear you.
But now you can't hear me at all.
Not in my phone.
I like that. That's kind of sexy.
Okay, it's eight minutes after six on Zeta 4.
We might do the weather. Do a little break here.
We actually have a couple of breaks this hour.
What?
We're getting back into the swing of things slowly.
We don't want to overdo it.
Right. We don't have to take a break if you don't want.
Okay, let's skip it.
What did we still do the weather?
We did weather mostly cloudy today.
High about 72 again today.
And low to night, 57.
It's 62 degrees now.
Okay, you don't have to give the time and do all that other stuff.
We're not going into a break.
So like loosen up a little bit, do a little more casually.
62 degrees.
Yeah. Feels good outside.
Does it really?
It's cool.
Okay, let's...
Are you going to check on me?
Let me check this weather out here.
Let's see if your temperature is even close to 30%.
30% chance of showers today.
Oh, look at that.
Somebody is listening and they don't believe you're weathered.
Kong Greg can ask him the temperature.
Now, do we want to call him this early in the morning?
Just ask the temperature.
Just ask your voice.
It is 62.
It is?
Yeah.
30%.
Now, how did you look in the herald and that proves that it's 62?
That's not.
I'm just saying these.
You know something we don't have to...
Final edition.
I see.
Okay, that's a good answer.
Thanks, Kevin.
He had me this tragic.
Is this gloves 94?
Wait a minute.
I thought you wanted to fool him.
Pretty early in the morning.
Yeah, what's the temperature?
Come on, Greg.
We can't fool you guys. Can we?
You know, we just found out that you've been putting us on your air
without our permission and you know that's illegal though.
Oh, yeah. That's probably against the FCC regulation, right?
It is. So, therefore, I'm very sorry.
We are not allowed to talk to you.
Oh, Gordon, do you believe that?
He hung up.
What a jerk.
That must be a John Moe.
He knows that he's been on your air here every day.
He ran to his boss and cried too.
Oh, my God.
I mean, they've been putting on that whole routine for us every day for a week
with the cackling and the clenching.
Oh, boy.
He's been waiting to tell you that for a few days.
Like he was laughing and all of a sudden, we've been putting them on the air
without their knowledge. Who are you kidding, Mr. Mung?
Do you believe that?
This man.
It sounds like... wait a minute.
It sounds like a John Moe and...
Who?
John Moe and the PD.
Remember what we used to call him?
I understand. He's the operations manager.
Oh, are you going to call...
Oh, look, Cap and Dave, he's going to call the warm line.
Well, I have nothing to do with this.
I've been doing it.
You're going to tell him in the air.
Are you going to tell him in the air?
Are you going to tell him in the air?
I can't believe these guys.
Are these friends or four?
Are you guys kidding or what?
We were told.
Come on. Are you guys joking? Are you pulling our legs?
Not kidding.
You're not kidding.
Somebody over there is upset?
You're not upset, though, are you?
No, no, no.
Okay, as long as you're not upset, we don't care.
Because we know your management people are more on just like ours, okay?
Am I right?
Yeah, I've had some experience with them, don't forget.
Well, we don't want to get into that.
I really felt bad having to even say that.
But I was given a directive and...
But why are you talking to me now?
We're on the air.
Come on, Greg.
Fight for your rights.
Don't be a wimp.
Don't just wimp out and move over and play dead.
Come on, baby.
Donald, you're going to have to give up.
Don't do it, Donald.
Don't do it.
Oh, sorry, we can't play anymore.
Don't let us.
Hey, Donald.
What?
I knew he had it in him.
I knew he had it.
I don't want to touch that line with a ten-minute poll.
Oh, oh, oh.
Okay, boys and girls, it's 13 past six on Zeta4.
Can you believe that last conversation?
Now, I'm an emotional wreck.
Now, I would say that Mr. Moron, their PD, is going to have that warm line change.
You think so?
From one lousy call?
I bet.
Well, you still find out what it is.
Oh, yeah.
That's been their warm line for about two years.
Oh, good.
And if he hears you call it, I bet they'll change it.
Don't you think so?
The warm line.
In other words, like a hot line, but not so hot.
Like their numbers.
It's kind of appropriate for that station.
Instead of a hot line, they have a warm line.
Yeah, and after the next book comes out, they're going to call it the loop warm line.
Oh, geez.
We need a little arrestment from all of this.
And now, here with a special Christmas message, the immortal Elvis.
I'll go like he.
Like everyone.
This here is the team.
I don't know how I haven't been around for a while, but I want you all to know
that up here in Rock and Roll Heaven, I'll go think of you as Christmas.
And I'd like to give you all a special Christmas message.
A message of peace.
Like, how about a little piece of that time going by?
Thank you.
Rock and Roll sound.
Christmas is a time of hoot.
Time of joy.
Time for love.
And I share with love.
Thanks for the speech you got there.
I can hope you're watching.
No worry about Christmas.
Now Christmas to me means family.
If family means friends.
If friends means getting together.
And getting together means eating.
I'll pass me that drum to say which of these.
Well, it's like a regular lunch.
And I just want to say to you right now.
You know, I may be a big star.
Maybe too big.
But ain't nobody so big.
You can reach out a helping hand.
A helping hand.
Oh, yeah.
Can't be helping those mashed potatoes over there.
Which I believe.
Like it.
Like it very much.
Now I was feeling it.
Ain't nobody so big.
You can't stoop to help a friend of need over the holidays season.
Speaking of season.
You want to pass me that soft sugar.
Can you get the chance?
Yeah. Just, just those clearly covered.
I don't know.
So this Christmas.
Why don't y'all take a tip from old A.O.A.
Now, now, I'll leave those state tips right where they are.
You know what I mean?
I appreciate it.
I want you to remember, we're all part of God's great big family.
And you know what God made man into his own image.
And look at the mirror.
I have to say God must be a big, big center we're going to be.
You know what I mean?
I like it, dude.
But especially once y'all remember this one last thing.
You know all of whom is Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the tree.
Save up the big, big bowl for the king.
Extra butter, no more me.
I like you, dude.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like me.
I like you.
Joey, Joey, who that's pretty stiff competition and Joey Pinto here.
He was talking yesterday again about how the show is different.
Oh, yeah, it's different on that.
That's another question.
And our poll today is the show different on FM that it was on a.m.
You know, we've been through this a million times, but we just got to get it out of our
systems for good old.
You know who?
Yeah.
What is his story?
Anyway, he's getting really like surly and hostile.
Maybe he sees the handwriting on the wall.
Oh, you think that's possible?
620 3600 and date 7779 3600 and Broward and we want to know where the hell of mobile
callers are too.
So we can say, we've had a minimal number of mobile callers ever since we started over
here.
Sometimes strange about that.
I don't know.
bizarre.
Well, we'll find out, right?
Dave County.
Good morning.
Hi.
This is Abram again.
Oh, yeah, you're getting to be a chronic regular Abram.
Yeah.
Well, I've run for the poll.
You know, I just listened to you on a.m.
I just, I don't know.
I just liked it better.
It you played more of the joke songs and I don't know.
I just liked it better.
But anyway, and for this thing now, you know, I have my way to the
wait a minute.
Let me ask you a question.
How old are you?
14.
Would you like to get to 15?
Well, I don't know.
I don't know.
It's it's still a really good show and I listen all the time.
But but it's not as good, right?
This call would be very popular in my house.
I'm glad because I couldn't listen to it because I'm at school
during that.
But in the afternoon, I'm at school now.
You know, I used to listen to it at during the summer.
Yeah, the noon, but now that it's on in the morning, I can listen to it.
Great.
That's excellent.
I'm so happy.
Even if you don't like it.
I know that's good.
Okay.
So I was really happy.
But you know, I have my radio on.
I don't know.
Well, he's saying that the show is different in the morning.
Aren't you?
And that what you're saying?
I don't know what he's saying.
He's like babbling a whole bunch of different words.
So he says it's not different.
It's the same show.
Okay.
It's the same show.
Only it's on FM and we play a little bit more music.
And some once in a great while we play a lot of music, but very rarely.
It's the same show.
Okay.
Come on.
I've wrong.
Let's get with it.
Okay.
Okay.
Better be nicer.
We'll change your last name to Lipschutz.
Okay.
So there's no time tunnel.
You know what I mean?
No time tunnel.
This is the big
composing.
No time.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Have a nice day.
I've run.
Oh, see, you say goodbye.
I've run.
Hey, say goodbye.
Boy, no.
She's a good time for the good time for the good time for the great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Boy, boy.
Well, NBC Monday night, the network switch board received 150 phone calls.
I rate viewers protesting the preemption of Alph to run an interview with Soviet premier
Gorbachev.
Yeah.
Some nerve they got.
Don't they?
And you believe that an exclusive interview with the Soviet leader.
In the 15 city overnight ratings, Tom Brokall's much-vallahood interview with Gorbachev pulled
only a 13 share of the audience and placed third.
Now, in its time period, it lost out to ABC's The Ultimate Stuntman, a tribute to Dar
Robinson and CBS's Kate Nalley and Frank's Place.
And Ferra Fosett has won the poll among New York dentist and dental hygienist who voted
her the winning a smile of 20 celebrities.
Now, others who placed in the poll were Debbie Allen, Whitney Houston, Elizabeth Taylor,
and your favorite, Neil Allen Alda, oral research laboratories commissioned the poll of 285
dental professionals.
Let's do the weather now.
Please.
Supposedly cloudy, 30% chance of showers today.
Highest 72, low 57.
It's right around 62 this morning.
Let's talk to Avram again, huh?
Yeah.
And this is made of four.
It's 622.
Following monthly payment offer based on 60 month commercial lease with a minimum of one
third down for one year.
Dealer participation may affect savings.
Cut your car payments in half.
Come to Viesta Toyota at Expressway Toyota.
50% off your car payments.
On selected New Toyota's.
Or no money down.
Or $3,000 holiday cash back.
Viesta Toyota.
This weekend only at Expressway Toyota.
Party has started.
The food is being served.
Music is playing.
Under the tent.
This weekend at Expressway Toyota.
Pay us a visit and we'll pay half your monthly payments.
New Toyota cars.
Regularly $200 a month.
Half off.
Just $100 a month.
Toyota trucks and vans.
Regularly $180 a month.
Half off.
Just $90 a month.
Viesta Toyota.
This weekend only at Expressway Toyota.
On Flagler Street.
One block west of the Palmeadow.
Across from Midway Mall.
50% off your monthly payments.
Expressway Toyota.
It's the holiday season at America's leading jeweler service merchandise.
And right now you can take advantage of some very good prices on some of our most popular
items.
Our ladies one half carat total weight diamond anniversary ring and 14 carat yellow gold is
sale priced at just $499.
You save $200.
Quality selection value from America's leading jeweler service merchandise.
No one offers more value at any price.
Neil Rogers.
The rock and roll monster.
Okay, so we don't play it off bits, right?
Is that a complaint number one?
No time tunnel.
I think he was more upset about that.
Wait a minute.
No RF.
What is that?
That's how we could have got the temperature.
What's that time tone?
Time tone?
Yeah, I just heard a time tone like from radio marty or something.
Yeah, that was that.
I've been faded again by illegal aliens.
I didn't hear it.
Holy Toledo.
Okay, let's take a couple more calls.
And then we're going to play so damn many bits this morning that that Overomo finally
shut up.
Okay?
Because you know, he's a good kid.
But if he wants to live to be 15, he better straighten up.
Better clean up his act a little bit.
You know what I'm saying?
All right, Dave County.
Hello.
Morning, Neil.
How are you?
Good.
Okay, first of all, let me tell you that I think the show would be a lot better if you
could eliminate about 13 minutes of music a day.
Okay.
And wait a minute.
Right there.
Stop 13 minutes.
Okay.
Yep.
And just the show in the morning is just as good as it ever was.
Of course it is.
All these people, you know, it becomes like fashionable to talk about how the show is
different.
Well, you know, they need something to bitch about.
Yeah, right.
The other thing I wanted to talk about was yesterday's show you decided not to give
any gifts away.
And I think that's right.
Right.
No more prizes, no more tickets, no more anything.
If they want to be free loaders, let them listen someplace else.
Exactly.
Because what you give us is plenty.
Exactly.
Have one question.
Yes, sir.
We're going to fill in the tapes that we mailed into you and send them back to us.
And I mailed mine in about six weeks ago and still haven't gotten them.
Really?
Really?
Do you say what, Bird?
They've all been sent out.
Yeah.
I sent two in one envelope and I sent the stamp self-addressed envelope with it and it
never came back.
Nobody, Marlon Bailey did all those.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that says a lot.
You'll get it if you live long enough.
OK, well, I'm really looking forward to it.
So you could check into it.
I'd appreciate it.
OK, we'll check into it.
They're gone.
They only sent about 4,000 of them out, but we'll check into it.
OK.
Thanks a lot.
OK, good luck to you.
What does he mean, check into it?
You didn't even give us his name.
No, they're gone.
What is he bringing you here?
What is he doing?
This is weird.
He's showing him that they fixed the talent.
We actually have a news wire today.
First time this week.
That's enough.
Oh, there's nothing on it, but it is printing.
I was trying to answer your question.
You asked me a question.
How about if I just do the show with Mike off?
I'll just talk way in the background like Captain Dave.
Come on.
Let me off mic the rest of the show.
You asked me a question.
What was I starting to say before I was so rudely interrupted?
What was it?
I don't even remember now.
It was something very important.
About this.
Somebody came in here and messed with this mic again.
And if you can't hear it, then you must be brained in.
I'm saying it doesn't sound as good as yesterday.
It sounds hollow and tinny.
You know, like there's something like it's turned around
or something.
There's something wrong with this.
Jeez, I mean, just wouldn't it be nice if two days
in a row things could sound the same in here?
Well, what the hell is wrong?
I'm telling you that goofball engineer was in here.
Guaranteed, I'm telling you, he was in here.
I can feel it.
You may be right.
Boy, okay, let's take one from the Broward County.
There's something wrong with this.
It sounds like crap.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Now you sound okay.
Yeah, I live up here in Crossburg,
down the Melting Pot.
Really?
Yeah.
All right, now.
What way do you live behind the Melting Pot?
You mean, like, not in a house?
No, the apartment's behind it.
Oh, I see.
I think you meant like maybe in a little tent.
Yeah, okay.
Listen, I work at a grocery store up here, Albertans, right?
Yeah.
And I get nothing but douche bags, 70s a week.
Right.
I was thinking we should have like a contest.
Miss douche bag, 87, Miss Mass and Gill,
or something like that.
Yeah.
No.
Get like a host, like, can you say
as a host or something?
I don't know.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
You know, I mean, because I just can't handle it.
All douche bags.
Mm-hmm.
And I just want to know, what's the deal
or your thing with the Melting Pot?
I must have not been listening to the day you explained it.
What do you mean, what's my deal?
Well, it's a sponsor.
It's what?
It's a sponsor.
Oh, so what's a big deal?
Well, there's no big deal other than it's a good place.
And my roommate works there, which makes the cheese
a little more binding, so to speak.
That's in the cheese fondue.
Oh, I never see anybody eat there.
What are you talking about?
You never see anybody eat there.
The place is packed all the time.
What's this on weekends, or something?
All the time, like, nine nights out of 10.
Yeah, OK.
Are you dreaming?
Now, listen, man, I got to get off the school.
OK, go have a wonderful day.
What the hell is history?
I'm good luck to.
What do he do?
And he burp after I cut him off?
No.
I don't know.
I think he lives like a little tent behind the restaurant.
He never sees anybody eat there.
What the hell is he talking about?
We hear about it all the time.
Doing like a land office business up there, thanks to me.
28 minutes past six on Zeta 4.
And there was one of our young pinheads.
Must have been.
He must go to Terra Vella High, think so?
And man, sounded like it.
Yeah, Dave County.
Hello?
Hello?
Speak up, sir.
Come on.
Wake up and speak up.
Get it up.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous,
he will not bite you.
OK, good.
Good information to know.
Maybe how wrong can put that down is one of his test answers today.
Let's give those numbers out again, because it's obvious.
Now, let's not even give the number out.
Let's just do some new stuff here.
Perfect for you.
Trust me.
Anyone?
Come on.
Mr. Gild, the young man is here that Mr. Pines had over.
Should I send him in?
No, let him sit there another week, dummy.
Of course, send him in.
Supposed to help him with some business he's going to, right?
That's right.
All right, all right, send him in.
Well, I'll be happy to.
Today, I'm glad I could brighten your day.
Send him in, dummy.
Hi, Mr. Gild.
My name is Kirk McClain.
Your friend, Mr. Pines.
Yeah, funny time.
I know him.
I know him.
Well, sir, he considers you an expert in the garment business,
sort of a master clothing.
Like I said, he's trained, but he's very smart.
He's a smart person.
See, I'm opening a gay boutique.
I have to find suggested I might get some advice from you.
Okay, the second advice before business.
Listen, what's your name?
Kay, go right in.
My business, my friend is business.
Not advice.
Yeah, right.
My first advice to you is let's do some business.
Then I'll give you advice.
You like that advice?
Sounds true.
All right, now, you say you're calling it a goy-boutique.
You're right away.
You are making a mistake.
Because you're a goy, you don't call it a goy-stop.
You don't call it a goy- anything.
Well, you don't want to limit your customers.
You understand what I'm talking about?
Sure, I understand.
I'm going to start the horrific customers.
They don't have no questions.
You can sell them a house, press, tell them it's a gown.
But you want going customers, you want Hebrew people,
you want shwouts, but everything else, excuse me.
Excuse me, Mr. Gals.
I think we've got a little misunderstanding.
If I didn't say goy, I said gay.
Gay, gay.
You think I don't know what gay means?
Gay.
Happy.
Look, we all want.
We all want customers to be happy.
You'll not do it with my friend with the name of this store.
But you do is you show people
nice clothes and they close, make them happy.
You give them a fair price if the body's happy.
They're singing their dancing.
You making up a whole dollar.
You see what I'm talking about?
No, no Mr. Gals, I guess I'm not being so clear.
I'm not talking about happy customers.
I'm talking about gay customers.
I'm talking about a special kind of men's store.
A store for men who like to be with other men.
Men, but other men.
Oh, I got it.
You're not talking a store.
You're talking a men's club.
You're talking something like what?
That the Kivane is tailed.
Benebreta men's club.
That's pretty cool.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
You could sew clothes and take clothes.
None of the other clubs do that.
That's a tough idea.
A person could do very well doing it.
Listen, this gay, whatever.
I like it.
You want to piece them advice?
Sure.
Let's go partner.
So rich.
APPLAUSE
APPLAUSE
He's the first kid on the block.
First kid.
And he gets up bright and early.
Bright and early.
Well, you know he's a little nutty.
I'm a nutty.
And you know he's a little squirrely.
Got him squirrely.
Well, he peaks at you through the hole in the record.
Just to say hello.
Hi, I can see what you're all doing out there.
In the morning, I'm Zeta 4 radio.
It's the new Roger Show.
Good morning, Neil.
6.32 on Zeta 4.
I guess we can't call Greg and Noodles anymore, huh?
Why not?
Oh, OK.
Well, we'll see what happens every day.
Just tell them when they answer the phone,
you say you're on the air, right?
Yeah.
Just tell them they're on the air.
That's a good idea.
Should I call them one more time and say you're on the air?
I mean, that was the complaint, right?
You didn't tell them they were on the air?
There's so.
Did you notice though when we called back,
it was obvious that that was such garbage?
Oh, it's from their idiot.
The word came down from up above from John Moron, their PD.
The word came down.
I can't say what we used to call it.
I thought we were having a good time with them every day,
giving them a little publicity.
Great.
Of course we were exposing their voices to thousands of people
who otherwise would never hear them.
Right.
I said we never want to hear them.
We do what we can over here.
That's right.
We do the best we can.
Well, there's only one thing left to say to them.
Boy, boy.
He sounded the problem.
He's got that.
He sounded really miffed.
Then a second call, he sounded kind of like a good choice.
Yeah, he sounded apologetic.
No, not now.
Why do you say contrite?
What the hell is wrong with you guys?
You guys are such sour grapes
because you worked over there so long.
True.
Didn't sound contrite.
He sounded conciliatory.
Do we sound sour grapes because it worked over there?
Oh,
see, ask me a difficult question, okay?
Well, see, you've never worked there.
That's why I don't want to work there.
Exactly.
Although for the right price, for what they're paying him,
I got news for you.
I'll be there tomorrow.
If they hadn't listened to the consultants,
you might be over there.
Yeah, I only wish.
Okay, where are we going next to a date county?
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you doing this morning?
Great.
That news was great because the birds say celebrity.
What did he say?
He doesn't even know what you say.
What did he say?
Celebrity?
I'm like that.
Yeah, I'm figures.
Well, he can relate to it.
Okay.
Michael Jackson is Janet Jackson.
Yes.
And her all of the vero is Jerry Rivers.
Yeah.
Who is Joey Reynolds?
That's a tough one.
That is a tough one.
How about Father Time?
You got another JR out there in the movies.
Joan Rivers.
Joan Rivers.
Boy, oh boy, she aging rapidly or what?
Well, she's had a tough year, you know?
Yeah.
That's it.
Okay.
It's all I need to say.
Have a wonderful day.
You do say.
Bye-bye.
26 till 7 on Zeta 4.
That's going to be our new expression now.
Forget unbelievable.
By the way, the spot was on Letterman at 105 last night.
How do you know?
Because we saw it.
Oh, boy.
In my house.
I saw it on Channel 33 yesterday at like seven o'clock.
Mm-hmm.
So it is running on other stations.
Yes.
I thought you'd like Channel 33?
That's correct.
It's pretty exciting.
It was about that means we might have some people listening today who have no idea what
the show is all about.
That's correct.
Like the regular listeners.
Okay, we have an open line in the Broward at 77793600.
Two lines in date.
We're just going to forget the music today, okay?
Let's just cut out all the music and see if that pacifies them.
Now that'll break my heart.
It will?
Yeah, I like the music.
You have about.
I got a whole bunch of CDs that I'm playing.
One I wouldn't say 15, more like about eight.
Mr. Mom.
A bunch.
A bunch of CDs and we're going to play some stuff.
But the audience doesn't want the music.
And that top one looks like you're going to play like your all time favorite beetle record.
Oh, was I?
Were you?
Well, I'll tell you which one I was going to play and it's not my all time favorite
beetle record.
I'm looking through you.
Oh, I'd heard that a lot.
What do you think I was going to play drive my car?
That's not my favorite beetle record.
What is your favorite?
I don't know.
Well, but it's not that.
That's one of them.
Yes, it is.
Okay.
And what?
No, yes, it is.
Is the name of the record.
That's on the other side of ticket to ride.
That's your favorite.
One of my favorites.
You don't like yes, it is.
I don't.
I don't remember.
Oh, geez.
Are you this?
Now, see, you're going to get me started again.
Like I'm trying to show how much I know about music.
You don't have to know anything.
Captain Dave, you remember yes, it is by the beetles.
It was on the other side of.
I'm going to take it to ride.
I remember.
Yes, it is.
Yeah, I remember.
I remember what?
That's how it goes.
Yes, it is.
I think I remember it.
That's not how it goes.
Oh, you guys are such morons that I'm embarrassed, okay?
It was.
Okay, request for the latest leave it to Clint.
And if I could find it, I would be happy to play it.
But it's probably in there, okay?
See, we got a real problem here now.
We have a very serious problem.
Guns here pulled that out of here yesterday.
And it's nowhere to be found because you couldn't get back in here.
So it's got to be somewhere in there with his crap.
Places just, it's impossible.
That's right.
He did play it.
And here's Perry Cullmore with its impossible on Zeta 4, part of our new format.
Why is he playing that?
Two open lines in Dave, by the way, did I say that a moment ago?
You brain dead morons?
I thought I said that.
620, 3600.
See, one thing about this group in the morning, they have no opinions about anything.
Have you noticed that?
They have no opinion about anything.
They call, but they have no opinions.
No matter what the question is, they have no answer.
Or are you people something else today?
I'll tell you.
Where are we going to?
Broward County.
Hello.
Hello.
How you doing this morning?
OK.
I'll give you an opinion.
I didn't hear your show ever on AM.
Really?
No, I really have nothing to compare it to.
I see.
I mean, news people, newspaper clippings.
I can't even talk this morning.
Don't ask me why I'm calling because I can't talk.
OK.
But I just want to tell you that what I hear on their famine, too bad, you're doing OK.
Oh, OK.
Listen to this.
You have any other people you could call up and bug on the radio?
No.
I, Joey, you're not going to call him?
I wouldn't dignify Joey by making the call, OK.
OK.
And I wanted to ask what they, how come now when I listen to you on hold, it stays the same
with the radio?
Uh-oh.
It does?
Uh-huh.
I don't understand.
Why would you hear air on hold?
You have to, you're supposed to hear pre-delay on hold.
I know.
Well, you know why?
You know why?
Because we're not in delay.
Oh, well, good.
I'm glad you're not in delay today.
We're not in delay.
I just looked over there.
The delay's not working.
You maniac in there.
What happened to you?
What happened to you?
You never punched it up.
Yes, I did.
No, you, well, we got out of it.
We're out of it.
I'm glad you called you.
Just saved the life.
Remember it's six o'clock.
OK.
You could have played one Harry Chapen fond today for me.
One.
We'll try.
OK.
It's dead.
Oh, no.
What do you mean it's dead?
Well, I'm switching power off and on.
And it's gone.
It's probably the fuse, OK?
Well, let me get my screwdriver out and not check this out.
Oh, jeez.
Do you believe this?
What every day on this radio station, we set new lows for technical or is it new highs for
technical incompetence?
Hmm.
It's dead.
He says.
I don't like that.
How about the fuse, Captain?
Hey, OK.
He's here's a little play by play, ladies and gentlemen.
On the $80 billion Zeta digital delay.
Captain Dave is pulling the cord out of the wall first.
That's always good.
We don't want you to get a shock.
Pulling the cord out.
Now he's tying the cord.
Oh, jeez.
I can't tell you.
Now, where's the fuse?
There ought to be a little fuse out about what else could it possibly be that the power just like it disappeared?
What was it?
I think today you ought to just talk to nice people.
Oh, jeez.
You know, I'm going to tell you something.
This new engineer, we're going to have to hire a hitman, I think, or something.
What the hell is his story?
OK, wait, wait.
No, wait, wait, wait, wait.
When I turn it on, none of the lights come on, but I feel a vibration.
Oh, you feel it?
Yeah.
See, it's off.
No vibration.
There's a vibration.
Oh, I see.
So it's doing something.
But there's no lights or anything on it.
I think basically the transformer is coming on, but it's not going into the icy circuits.
Oh.
The what?
Remember Van Lingo Mungo?
Twenty before seven on Zeta 4, and we apologize, but I don't know, should we take some more calls?
I don't think so.
That scares me.
No, I don't think so.
See, I didn't have to say that, but once he brought that up, it was pretty obvious that we were not in delay.
So like I said, we're going to add a lot of music to the show today.
Where I'm going to play, yes, it is.
See, no, that is one thing that's different from the AM show.
And that is that even with all their problems up there and the RF, at least most of the time, we were on the year.
Yeah.
When 1006 came after CBS News, I had a pretty good idea that when I opened my mic, I would be on the air and that the show would be on in its entirety.
And there wouldn't be all of these idiotic problems.
The delay work.
But generally speaking, this is a disaster area up here in this part of the building.
It's an unmitigated disaster.
And of course, when you're operating with management that's brain dead from the neck up, you know, request for the Near Rogers disease.
That's good.
I hope we had a lot of requests.
Because well, I've run was right.
We don't play enough bits on FM.
And we got like thousands of them that we're going to play today.
Gillions of them.
Some of them even brand new.
There he is. He's diddling with the delay again.
He's in the back of it with a screwdriver.
Diddling.
Yeah.
And he's just like poking.
You know what I mean?
He's like poking stuff around with the screwdriver.
Not really doing anything useful.
To watch him is to be totally confounded, confused, and be wilder, ladies and gentlemen.
I cannot believe some of the things that he's doing to that machine.
It's 642 on Zeta.
What the hell do we do now?
You know, just I feel like we had a little momentum going and we were taking a lot of calls.
And now I feel like all of a sudden, as usual, the show is in limbo.
Well, we do the limbo rock.
Yeah.
Well, of course, if I wanted to play a CD, we couldn't do that because he's in there diddling with the digital delay.
You weren't going to play any anyway.
What?
Well, we're going to have to now.
Are you out of your mind?
We don't have to, but I'm not going to sit here and squawk for four hours.
No.
No.
You're going to play Yes It Is by the Beatles?
But we have that in there somewhere.
How could you not know Yes It Is?
That's such a great memory.
I think I remember it.
Oh, gee.
I believe I remember it from the other side of Ticket to Ride.
You idiot.
Well, that was a big hit.
So as Yes It Is, they were both in the top.
Where is it?
I don't believe you.
Oh.
I do remember the record though now.
But I know Major is going to come on today and say, oh, there he was going.
Showing everybody how much he knows about music again.
Now, I didn't remember it at first.
It's been a long time since I heard him by talking about that record.
But I think I do know what you're talking about.
How you could be sitting there saying those things with a straight face.
Just boggles my mind, okay?
Okay, let's hear it.
Number 9.
Number 9.
Tangerine.
Okay, where's Ticket to Ride?
Ticket to Ride?
Where is Yes It Is?
Uh-huh.
There's Eleanor Rigby.
How can this be possible?
It never made.
Now, what are these?
What are the ones that are in here at the top?
35, top 40?
I don't know.
Not possible.
Hmm.
Is that right?
Well, all I said was it was a great record.
The weather made the top 100.
Now, a minute ago, you said it was as big a hit as Ticket to Ride.
No, I didn't say as big.
You said it was as big.
It was as big.
It was seven inches across.
It was on the same 45.
Well, you didn't get specific.
Oh, I see.
Now, is that specific enough for you?
So in other words, it was not a hit.
He's still diddling with the digital delay.
It was not a hit.
Right?
In my house it was.
Okay.
What are you doing back there?
Are you going to find that record for us?
You're going to just diddle all day.
Oh, God.
Is this a radio show or is this some kind of a joke?
And is Mike, can't you hear that?
I mean, you're looking me like I'm out of my mind.
It's so tinny, it sounds like I'm in a time tunnel.
You can't hear the difference?
Yeah.
No, I can't.
Oh, no, now you can and he can.
No, not in here.
It sounds like it's not.
It sounds what?
It sounds Jake to me.
Jake?
All right.
Now, do we have, yes, it is by the Beatles?
I can look at that.
Please.
Have you something constructive?
Would you please?
Is that just standing there like a moron?
Do something useful.
Oh, God.
Is he frustrating or what?
Now, it sounds better now because I turned my head sets down.
But that didn't accomplish anything.
All that means is I can't hear all the distortion.
It's not to.
Couldn't they go out and like get a real engineer in here just for a couple of days?
And whatever happened to that Richard van Schnuck, by the way, have you seen him?
Haven't seen him.
He doesn't come anywhere near this part of the building.
He must listen to the show.
Oh, I see.
Six forty five on Zeta 4, we apologize as usual.
I don't know why I'm apologizing because I have nothing to do with it.
I didn't touch the delay.
I didn't do anything.
I just showed up this morning as usual.
That was my first mistake.
Then we talked to off-romb.
That was really something.
He misses the time tunnel.
Well, I'm going to take some calls.
I don't give a damn whether it's on the lear or not.
Okay?
Dave County.
Hello.
Yeah, stands right about you in that music.
Oh, yeah.
I also have a lot of other opinions.
Do you want to hear them?
Yeah.
The show's not as good.
It's not as good.
You don't want to?
Why is that?
You don't hang up on cars anymore.
Okay.
Are you hung up on you?
No kidding.
Six forty six on say to four.
Is that in other words?
Is that what?
I don't see anything.
Oh, come on.
How could it not be in here?
Is this a radio station or what?
Wait, there's a note on the back of this one.
Because of lack of interest.
Yes, it is.
Stop it.
Would you please?
Oh, stop it.
But I do know what you're talking.
I do know the rest.
No, you don't.
Yes, I do.
And he says it goes, yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
What the hell does that mean?
What does that mean?
You idiot at the end of the chorus?
It goes, yes, it is.
No, sure.
I know what you're saying.
And I mean, you're not even in the ballpark.
I know what you're talking about.
It sounds more like one fine day by the chiffons or something.
And hanging around with Ringo Starr stealing the chiffon's music.
Six forty six.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm very sorry.
I'm talking about music again.
I apologize.
We can't be music mavens like those people who play Brian Ferry and smoke
it's in your eyes every day and lady and red.
I mean, if I hear lady and red one more time stand, it's all over.
Okay, let's just plot a log and pretend we know what we're doing here.
Okay, Broward County.
Hello.
He's complaining Wednesday, Neil.
Yeah, what do you want?
I want to complain about your whole show.
Okay.
Probably got one of us to hang up on people, right?
Yeah, he's got it.
Now, these are complaints from people who are obviously listening to show.
Especially this last kid who sounded really wide awake to me, didn't they?
Oh, it's not the same.
It's not the same.
Well, I'll tell you, some of you people if they were handing out this count of bottomies,
you'd be standing online for six months, okay?
And deservedly so.
Dave County, hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Great.
I totally disagree with your last two call, or if I think your show is superior to when you were on Am.
Oh, I don't care. I'm hanging up on you.
Oh, my God.
Hey, they want me to hang up on people.
That's what they want. That's why they listen to the show.
They don't listen because they like me.
They just want to hear somebody be rude on a radio.
But he was tinkling on.
I don't care.
Okay.
All right.
All right. Now, what did Captain Dave accomplish here this morning?
He didn't find yes it is.
He has no idea what happened to the digital delay.
And this place is turning into a parking lot rapidly.
Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka,
and a chain of radio stations.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi, honey. How was your day?
Unbelievable.
Terminal.
There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there.
Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease.
Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet?
But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald.
Oh, no, that's a cop out.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to Elle Herald, sir.
People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue hair don't bagged from fembroke pines.
You know, the Yenthan's who say, all Neal, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around stealing sweet and low.
Can I get you anything?
How about those bad boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look.
Incredible.
Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic, please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means.
Hey, you know what I got? A nine. A nine.
What's Lefowler got? Three points, something?
Send your tax deductible contributions today in Carrop Hot 105.
Terminal.
Unbelievable.
649 already on Zeta 4.
Looks like 650 to me on the clock in the control room, but again, you know, I could be running.
I'm always close.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, but the Olsins are out today and for the first time since July 85, the Cosby show finished out of the top 10.
NBC attributes Cosby's 12th place rating to low, low viewership on Thanksgiving night.
And 60 minutes was number one for the first time since December 86.
In fact, CBS saw its Sunday night lineup virtually replace NBC's Thursday night lineup at the top.
Murder She Wrote was number two and a movie called The Long Journey Home was number four.
And by the way, yes.
What? Dan Rather.
What were you doing again?
No, Dan Rather came in number one in the evening news.
Great. Good old Dan.
What's the frequency, Kenneth?
And now this will enter finally something that will interest you.
I finally found something you're interested in.
One event.
Foxes 21 Jump Street.
Oh, yeah.
I'm interested big time in that show tied its highest ever national rating Sunday.
It had a 6.1, a 10 share.
Mm-hmm.
And it, uh, great show.
It tied the lowest rated network show, which was the Charmings, but that was good for Fox.
And Jump Street's high ratings and the all important team female demographic was very good this week.
Oh, but you know, I wonder why they were watching.
Uh-huh.
The same reason that I was watching.
Uh-huh.
Are we going to get an engineer in here this morning or what?
Because I'm not going to sit here all the way till 10 o'clock with the delay not working, sitting on pins and needles.
Are we going to do something about this?
Or we're just going to sit here like we're brain dead.
You don't like living dangerously like this?
I don't like not having anything working on this show.
Okay. In other words, I'm getting to the point where I'm getting just a little bit tired.
I see.
You know what I'm saying?
Like a little pissed off that here we are like after eight or nine weeks, whatever now it's been.
And we still can't make this place work.
Okay.
Okay.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Yes, I do.
I don't want to get emotional, but I'm getting a little second tired of this Mickey Mouse jury rig piece of garbage.
Okay.
Jerry rigged.
Jerry rigged.
Okay.
As in 12 angry men.
Mostly crowded.
Totally by the way with Henry Fonda and mostly cloudy 30% chance of rain today with a high about 72 low tonight 57.
Boy bridges.
Sixty.
No.
Sixty two degrees at Zeta 4 652.
Okay.
654 on Zeta 4 and while you listen to Steve Winwood, I'm going to think about getting back into the business.
What are I'm talking about?
Fade it right.
There was behind the.
Chronic callers.
We're going to do whatever the hell we want to do here, you know.
Well, I already knew that.
Oh, okay.
I thought that was like a major bulletin.
Really?
Seven o'clock on Zeta 4.
The big news is of course.
Wait a minute.
Did you hear that?
Wow.
A lot of noise on that cart.
I didn't dub it by the way.
That was already here when I came here.
I didn't dub it either.
A lot of noisy scratchy crap on FM in this market.
I was listening.
She was playing something yesterday and it was a scratchy.
Now wait a minute.
If you can't hear that echo.
Did you hear that?
I heard that.
What the hell is that all about?
Now I don't have the headphones up loud.
What is going on here?
I sound like I'm a swimming in a time tunnel or something and it, oh, we don't hear anything.
Was that the CBS bomb?
How about some cotton swabs or something to clean you guys ears out?
I heard this.
These these engineers are morons.
You know what?
And we got two of them on the way in here now.
They are?
Yes, two, not one.
He says we have two engineers coming in.
Then he tells me who it is and I say, hey, that's not even one.
I mean Richard Vegas and I's kid but he's an engineer like I'm a brain surgeon, okay?
And then who's the other one that's coming?
Our new engineer?
Oh no.
God help us.
Are you serious?
Oh, gee.
Don't let him in the door.
Tell me he's at the wrong place.
Send him over to gloves.
Don't let him in here.
I'm telling you at least at least we're on the air.
That's something not much but at least that's a start.
Every day, every damn day, every God damn day.
It's something new in this place.
You know what I'm saying?
Isn't that a song by Bobby Goldberg?
It sure is.
And it's coming up in five minutes on Zeta 4 is part of our 18,000 in a row.
It's part of our block head.
I mean this is not acceptable.
Don't understand.
This is not the way you do a radio show.
It's like Dr. Frankenstein's laboratory.
We come in every day and we know for a couple of potions.
Is it going to work while we be on?
And then this maniac over here, I start talking and I'm never on.
He's never even on the days when this works.
This board is never on.
You know what I just keep?
Are we on?
God yeah.
Are we on yet?
Go ahead, do the idea.
And then we have a big musical surprise for you by the way.
It's No Delay Wednesday.
On WZTA, Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beach.
The Neil Rogers Show with Neil, Glenn the Bird Hill and Captain Day.
And Patty Murr.
Okay.
I see Stan Majors just jealous.
He just upset because he can't do that.
He can't do it.
He couldn't do that if his life depended upon it.
If they threatened to take four of those stogies and put them
where the Mundo and Shine, he still couldn't do it.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay, I rest my case.
I mean it may not be a great show but at least I can do a talk up.
Okay.
I'm going to do a talk up.
At least I can hit the split cue.
I love it.
Or as Captain Day would say the post, he's been watching Tony Hockey game.
Right.
They hit the post in a hockey game, not on a record.
Don't you enjoy Stan's talk ups though?
Oh yeah.
I really enjoy him because you never know where they're going when he's going to stop talking.
I mean, it sounds so great either now.
It has nothing to do.
It sounds a little bit hollow but not quite like I do.
But Stan's talk ups have nothing whatsoever to do with when the guy starts singing.
All right, now we have a musical surprise coming up in a moment.
But first.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah.
There, there, and it was 읈 一周前風潮海Watch.
There, and then it's not in luck.
It wasn't in続, it was in yuel aggressively.
Inarse call ins.
He was sending you ligers today, previous, cons, divorced dxrusayh
On four years ago, he had a stomach droid into his stomach,
He can't give you any examples because he doesn't know of any but the man is dangerous, okay?
An absolute total idiot
In fact, I always thought my mother told me when I was a kid that nobody was perfect
But buddy nevin's disproves that he's a perfect idiot a
Perfect jackass, okay? I
Just wonder where he came from why are you dribbling again? Where he came from hunger?
Am I dribbling the FCC is investigating the neiroger show
Investigating what we can't even get the damn delay to work in there investigating the show
They should investigate the engineering exactly now we're talking now. You're coming up with a good idea
Let's have an FCC investigation of this engineering department, huh?
Where did these guys get their license? I had a cracker jack's box no less
I wonder what mail order school as new engineer came from huh from the hard knocks school of engineering in Knoxville, Tennessee know that
Boy these guys are frightening nothing works in this place and every day you know
And it's interesting that I saw that telltale sign
You see they thought I would come in and believe because the door was still like that nobody had been in here
They were in here tinkering again
Because that cassette function button right there. That's the evidence. I feel like Perry Mason
Or Marsha Mason
Yeah, or Dolly Madison yeah, right anyway
Uh, he just they just can't leave this room alone. You know as of yesterday everything was fine again
There were no problems now the mic is all tinny and watery and running in fact look at that. It's it's running
It looks like it's got some kind of a STD
Serious it looks like it's got herpes or something. It's like dripping and running or gonorrhea
I just wish someone could tell me what the attraction
Yeah, what is there in this room that you can't keep your paws off? What is it?
What is in here that they have to come in boy?
It's like number one priority is they have to have access to this room
It's the most important thing in the stage. They can't live without it. They can't function. Okay, no do we have a break to do now?
Oh, yeah, we better I did check on the temperature. It's six temperature. It's 63. Where'd you check in the library? I went to hey him I
checked on the temp
And it's 63 you want a vent I checked it I went over at seven o'clock and checked it
Mostly cloudy today. There'll be a 30% chance of rain high about 72
Low tonight about 57 and it is 63 degrees at say to four whatever you say it's 709
Where does a use car dealer get used cars? Maybe at a use car auction
The collection doesn't rely on auctions
We get about 500 customer trade-ins every month
Fantastic cars
pre-owned volvos BMWs and Porsches
pre-owned toyotas Nissan's and Hondas
pre-owned Chevy's olds mobiles and Ford's
How does the collection sell so many trades?
quite simply price
The collection has discount use car centers at every showroom bird road in US one
Southwest 158th Street in US one
9200 Northwest 27th Avenue
PS the collection doesn't keep every trade we keep the best and wholesale the rest
Where at those used car auctions?
Why buy from a used car dealer you can get a pre-owned car from the collection
Neil Rogers the rock and roll monster
10 past seven on say to four we apologize profusely and we certainly want to thank you for your indulgence and all that and if you believe that
There's that tone again
You can't hear that say am I oh
Geez you know this you engineers. We're gonna take you and hang each one of you from a separate tower
Okay, no, it matter fact from the same tower
We wouldn't even waste the rope you know what the tone is what is it because I hear it sometimes when you get through playing a bit
Yeah, it's the cue tone
Returning to the beginning of the car that is what it is oh wait a minute. Okay. It's what it is all right hold on
Neil Rogers the rock and roll monster okay listen
You believe that how can that be on the air?
How can that go on the air ladies and gentlemen
You're right we have to have an FCC investigation into the engineering department here at the WINZ
WZTA
Immediately if not sooner. How can that go on the air?
Does it do it on all of them?
On every card stuff them especially when you talk after him you can hear it
Well, what am I supposed to do leave dead air what do you mean after I talk after I mean when there's no music?
Going in a music yeah
On most of them it does yeah great, but I never wanted to tell you good
Okay, boys and girls welcome to a make-believe radio station all right
It's a 12 past seven on Zeta 4 and I have no idea what you know what the show is all about today
Okay, I have nothing to do with this. I totally disavow any
Responsibility for anything that goes on here today unless something comes up good
Uh, we have a little musical surprise if he got it cute up now. I want you to
Listen carefully to this and maybe your brain will do something
I
Remember what I said tonight
For that is the color that my baby won't and what smart is true
Yes, it is
Scarred where the clothes she wore
Everybody knows I'm sure
I would remember all the things we planned understand it's true
Yes, it is it's true
Yes, it is
Could be happy with you
Good
Please don't
Tonight
For
That will make me blue
Inspire you is true
Yes, it is it's true
Yes, it is I could be happy with you by my side
If I could forget her
But it's for right yes
Yes, it is
Please don't worry tonight
This is what I said tonight
For that is the color that will make me blue
Inspire the view is true
Yes, it is it's true
Yes, it is it's true
I especially like the scratches in that copy of it and the record is so worn out that the S's are all real
Sivalent did you notice that you mean because it's been played so much yes, it is is that what you're saying yes, it is
I liked that though, but isn't that a great record oh yeah
How could you deny that that's a fact that that's one of my favorite beetle records whether it was a hit or not is not
Improved and it's like I'm a man by Chicago
Oh did I say that
Can we play that no
No changes I remember that what yes it is but really yeah, it's a fantastic
It's just beautiful record. It's one of the greatest things they ever did the harmonies are incredible
It's just a wonderful record just when you first said it it didn't click in my brain. Yeah, if I would have said yes
You had a related
Like those kids at teravella high
Yeah in corals spray or wherever the hell it is
I noticed we didn't have anybody from that the
lame school call in this morning of course we haven't taken many calls have we well you think there might be a reason for that
You don't want to take your life in your hands no
Okay, right
Do you like that
Who's that it's Ron Harrison ladies and gentlemen. We what we ought to do is start identifying the players
So when you hear all that RF bleeding through I mean these engineers here. I'm telling you they are just
Morons
I don't have any idea they just tinker as in tinkerbell
They just committed a tinker around with crap and they mess it all up and they give us heartburn and they're just
Hopeless there are a bunch of morons
First the audience thinks well everybody's a moron. I got news for you. Okay trust me on this one
They're not just like regular ordinary everyday morons. They're like some kind of special morons
In a class by themselves
Because I
Flip around the dial and I listen to other stations occasionally
And I don't hear it had them having problems getting on the air or
Doing anything that you would do during the normal course of a radio show. I don't hear that no now speaking of that
That reminds me about you were talking about Howard Stern. I was you well the other day how he doesn't have any problems
Oh, yeah, I'm going to how we yeah, and we're supposed to call him this morning. Oh, we are all people are calling us
We can call how we all right. We had a question to ask him remember
Okay, what was that kid's name?
Was it Mitch?
It was Mitch I think
Mitch
717
Why?
Why are you talking about this gave the time oh I see that's how that was the number this is the morning 17 after 7 infinity broadcasting
I wonder why they answer the phone like that now you're trusting you can talk to him without delay
Oh, yeah, I wouldn't talk to Howard with octo I'll tell you that now, but we can talk to Mitch
Infinity broadcasting. Yeah, Mitch. Yeah, this is Neil Rogers in Miami. Remember we talked yesterday
Great what's up?
Yeah, you're on the air, Mitch
All in here see Howard won't put Mitch on here so we've got to now listen there are all kinds of rumors
Will you shut up?
There all kinds of rumors going around about Howard show that he's going to be on the satellite
That's your minute satellite
He is
No, I never heard anything about that
Oh, we figured it was probably a lie, you know
Yeah, like starting December 21st
People who make these lies up they even had like a start date and stuff like that
Chances are there's no satellite. Oh, I see
So in other words Howard's not going to be on the air in all these 18 other markets that allegedly he was going to be on in six
Not that I know of not that Howard knows of either right and what happened with that?
I hate to mention a delicate thing
But because we really like Howard a lot I hate to admit it, but we do and whatever happened to the Fox show
What ever happened to the Fox show? Yeah, well, geez. I don't know you know that's that
apparently
Dead in the water, you know in the water. Did you watch him on the lake show?
No, I've got it on tape somebody sent it to me. I didn't see it, but I haven't on Oh, I saw that. Did you see it? Yeah?
You liked it. Yeah, I mentioned your name to Howard just the only on the air and he doesn't like you guys. Oh really?
Why not? Well, no, he just he just doesn't like you. Well, there's no special reason
All right, you just got on his nerves. Oh, okay. Well, that's all right. We enjoy getting on Howard's nerves
Yeah, so I don't understand something though
He might need us someday, you know what I'm saying? It's not very likely, but some day when he's really desperate, you know
Yeah, but don't you think it's sort of pathetic that you guys have to call our show and then we have our own show here
We don't have to call other people shows
You don't have to call other people shows. I mean you call Howard calls like Jessica
Jessica Han for crying out loud. I mean, that's pretty desperate
Let's see you get just a cheap hooker. You know, anybody can do that
We can go down to Biscayne in 79th Street here and get a cheap hooker and put her on the air
No, listen to me. Yes, Mitch. Oh, we're getting serious. Okay. Sorry. I don't think it's sort of weird that you guys have to call our show
For material that I mean that's what wait a minute calling your show for material
What material are you giving us Mitch? Oh wait a minute. Can that be felt what what material are is how we're giving us?
I mean, let's get serious
Get real Neil
Come on, Mitch. Yeah, what I'm saying is it put you up a little will you please? I said the get serious
What I'm saying is this
What we were talking about on the air yes, we talked about your show. Oh you did Howard did
Yeah, we are told in that you call yeah, he doesn't even know who I am he knows the name. Oh, he knows the name
He was told about it by someone yeah, probably by grandpa. Allu is told him. Yeah, come on
Okay, Mitch and the question that I that we have that we came up is is how it does four hours of his own show
Yeah, and I do four hours of my own show. How do you like that? I know it's a miracle
Consistive calling us so I mean in this sort of my show consists of calling you by Mitch
Call them one time. Call them once
See I said yesterday he didn't sound like a New Yorker. He is a New Yorker
I'm not just really disgusting and just because he doesn't have the accent man. He doesn't need it
He doesn't need the accent. He's a jerk
Sure is and you know one thing about Howard he a grant you we show his funny at times not every day, but I like his show
But for example remember when we had the so far campaign and we tried to get him to go along and have he is
biggest
loser when it comes to really you know, he's like in a cocoon and his agents they like keeping that way, you know like
Well Howard doesn't need anybody else. You know Howard's like can take on the whole world
Well, we got a good insight into the people around him this morning. Yeah, we just call it to say hi
We tried to be friendly, we just asked one question. Hey, you've got all your material from our show, right?
That's all we do
I got news for it'll be a cold day in hell when you hear Howard Stern on this show again
Just like you said yeah
See you hear anything did you see
See you told the truth I can't I can't believe it. I just I don't know whether the scream or eat a banana
721 now and Zeta 4 and a boy who wanted to get even with a cat that
Pestered his own pet good for him was sent us to a hundred hours of community service
This is in Graham North Carolina and the reason is because he set the animal ablaze
Visual said Jeffrey Todd nant 16 persuaded a 12 year old boy to abduct a neighbor's cat
Which was taken to some woods near the youth's house in Burlington North Carolina doused with gasoline and
Set a fire. Mm. It was really funny
But not when the log out here said nants a couple hours after the cat died. It was real funny
At first he thought it was real funny, but not when the log out how about if we sent him a blaze
boys from support. Yep
Hello, mr. East celebrity. Yeah, right you won't hear him again
Mysterious fireballs and flashes of light seen over the Atlantic coast from New Jersey to Virginia
Apparently we're from a meteor shower according to officials
Petty officer Cameron McCludden of the Coast Guard's
West Virginia sessions said people as far north as Cape May, New Jersey and as far south as Virginia's eastern
Shore reported seeing strange streaks of light. I saw one Saturday night
Good morning
Yeah, but you see those every night captain. I swear to god. I saw one of those it was late Saturday night
Long streak of white meteor coming towards this radio station
Mostly cloudy today with a 30% chance of rain high 72 low 57 it is 63 degrees at say to four I done it 723
The Neil Roger show on say to four
Okay, now wonder if that tone is gonna be on this cart wait a minute there it is you hear it
Yeah, the time at the tone
725
And it just oh wait a minute you hear that
It like wobbled I hear Mike whoa there's a higher tone with steany winwood
Here's higher tone on say to four
And then like kind of disappears boy. I'm telling you this is they are so out of touch
With what uh, it takes to put a show on the ear on this station. You know what I'm saying? They're so out of touch. They have no clue
And I hear a Paul Kangus is babbling away to back and we have sounds that haven't been invented yet. Okay, I'm say to four
Yes, listen to this show closely. Yeah, and you're gonna hear things that are just gonna make you blow your mind
Turn it up loud trust me when I tell you
It's the old new lever to beaver starring Barbara Billingsley
Hugh Beaumont
Tony dog and Clint Eastwood as the beaver
That's all for now children. Three cents
Uh, everyone except theodore. Oh crap. What I do now
Beaver
I thought you were my friend
Well, I am your friend Miss Landers
But that's all it is friends
Within how can I be your friend? Oh, geez. You're not gonna ask me out again. Are you?
But I have to ask you look we've gone all through this before. I'm not taking you out again
On into theodore. I'm afraid I'm gonna have to write a note to your father
You're gonna write a note to my dad seeing you got the hot for an eight-year-old boy
You know theodore I've always thought you were one of the nicest boys in this class. No, no, Miss Landers say no more
Look you're fun to go out and have a few beers with and everything, but
Why don't you save it make a move on me in one of my next dirty hairy movies or something, huh?
All right, theodore
Nothing personal. I mean you got a nice bod and everything
Oh
Okay, Tony down is gonna be our special in studio. Yes tomorrow. Boy, that's gonna be exciting
No, he's not gonna be here. He's holding CD looking now. Yeah, he doesn't wear those thin plastic belts
28 past seven on Zadie four and on Zadie four that's gonna be our new logo here might as well be because or is it zanny
Zanny that's why they say it gloves is it really is Annie?
They're pretty zanny guys of the zanny morning show if you missed it earlier
We placed our usual early morning call to Greg and Donald and unfortunately we were met with some resistance the first time around on the regular line
And then the second time when we called the warm line we got a warmer reception
But unfortunately we cannot speak to them
Because the powers that be over at the glove night before are getting real nervous
Why what are they nervous? Well that PD a John moron, you know, they're PD
Another moron. Yeah, geez. There's so many notice all the calls we place this morning
We have met with resistance. That's right. Like even Howard. Yeah, what else Howard got to be worried about is making a million bucks a year
I don't even remember why we called him yesterday. Do you?
What are we call for? Just say how? Yeah, just for the hell of it. Say you you got a card from a listener
That's right and he gave us a number and then today we call just just to ask a simple question about a rumor
Straighten out all these ugly rumors that Howard's gonna be on the air in Miami and all these other cities
Which I told you yesterday was ridiculous in no way in the world
First of all Howard wouldn't last in this market for five minutes. Okay. No they wouldn't tolerate it
And that's not my judgment because I enjoy Howard, but
This market is just too immature
Too childish and there are too many maniacs out there busy monitoring every word that everybody says
And it just would not fly here. I'm telling you there's no way. Hey, can you imagine? I mean who would put him on the air
Someone desperate. No, no, I'm serious. You name me one station in this market that would put him on a year
I can't think of it. No, I really can't I really can't
So anyway, they're all these yeah besides this one. Oh
Yeah, I can just see it now here's Bob Gilbertson Howard Bob would like to have a couple of words with you a couple of thousand words
Oh
I mean he doesn't want to hear how big your private parts are Howard
Can you imagine how we're doing the search for the biggest man in Miami? Maybe Howard would like to hear how big Bob's private parts are
The smallest man in the world. Yeah, the smallest man in Portland
730 on Zeta 4 by the way, do you know that there are word? This is pretty interesting
They're getting so paranoid around here. There was more to the story than meets the eye with yesterday's meeting about the FCC ruling on indecency
Mm-hmm. There's more there's more to the story. They didn't tell us did they tell you no about the fact that somebody in Portland
Who's name I mentioned only moments ago is having another nervous breakdown?
Well, he always does and finally Gary and Mark and the powers that be here at
I'll stand hold that. Yeah, they finally said hey, you know, we're putting our feet down
Uh, they when Gary puts his foot down they overreacted a size six shoe. It's really something. Yeah, it's the usual overreaction of Portland
Look at this aren't we lucky this morning have captain Dave off mic with us here in the studio
Now you're just putting me on the air because you don't have your own show and your desk. That's right
In fact, we call love 94. We called K rock. Who else can we call now? Let's see. We're gonna call Rick and Spuds. No, they're not they're boring
Okay, so you're gonna be able to tanner
We could call machea in the morning. You know the number over there. Oh, I sure don't
But I'm sure captain Dave will be happy to look it up for us or you can call 411
Well, in other words, they just answered the call in line. I don't know
We probably don't have a call in line. I mean, they're all automated. Oh not in the morning. No, I understand that
But I'm saying they're automated so much of the day
They probably yanked all the phones out to save money or something. Oh, I don't know. You know like here
731 on Zeta 4 and one of those engineers did they say which year they were coming? They said it and I'm by the way
How long have you had that earring?
Since August I never saw that before. Did you ever notice that? Yes, I've heard we've been doing this show now for over for about two months
I never noticed that before I've got that this summer get rid of it. It was a gift from my daughter. No, it's all right
Give it to your daughter. She tried to tell you something
Do you know capon dave has a like a 15-year-old daughter really?
16 and March. Oh boy
Should be moving down here. No, she's not. Yes, you're just going to you. Oh boy. Oh
All these stories about all these young girls who are moving down here, okay?
I don't want any we've got plenty of young girls here already. Okay? Do you understand? There are plenty of young girls living here already
We don't need any new ones moving down. Do we need anything?
Yeah, long rest in my house. That's what we need a long rest he's and quiet and tranquility
That's what I'll sign this already. I already I immediately signed it handed it back to him
I read it and it's so innocuous. I said hey, here you go
This is a momentous occasion in my professional life. Yeah, I wanted to sign it on the air
Go right
So I have read the policy regarding FCC and that means you're gonna stop doing all those indecent intros to the show at six o'clock
If you sign it before if you sign that I agree
The policy of the station has got nothing to do with the ruling. Okay? In other words
They can say it's okay to put indecent broadcasting on at any time
We do not subscribe to that. Okay. That's correct
That's because we be
Upstanding broadcasters you betcha now we can't get the show on the air engine. Here's our brain dead
That's not relevant. No, not particularly relevant to anything
And we're just stalling for time basically is what we're doing because if you think I'm taking anymore calls
You are in a dream world, baby. You are in oh, you know what we found?
Look at that. Did you find this? Oh, yeah pulled that out of am. Yes. Well, I tried to play this yesterday while Elvis Jr
Was here in eJ
I'm sorry we couldn't find it
But a certain unnamed talk host who who tried to play it yesterday after you know his show
I've got sunshine and couldn't find it on
Okay, that's just a little musical hint. Okay
I want to mention his name, but a certain host was in here sometime between Friday and yesterday
Diddling around with carts again. See actually the whole reason he's become so surly on the year the last few days
This is like kneels material withdrawal syndrome that he's going through
No, it is and he can't get in here and he can't steal all of our stuff
For example, there are a couple of things we played today for the first time that I know he would have loved
Like the Elvis Christmas thing and the love bimbo
He would have certainly loved even though he wouldn't understand it. He would love that other thing
Uh
By gay he would goy or whatever that thing is oh goy. Yeah, he doesn't know he doesn't know it
He still would have loved it. Yeah, because he never heard it before. That was real funny. It was funny
When you write about the the withdrawal symptoms like when somebody stopped smoking
They get real grumpy. Yeah, and of course we're gonna go through the same thing
It's not good. We're not gonna call Howard anymore. We can't use any of his material
And we can't call Donald and Craig Gregory. We can't can we? Oh, we'll call him again tomorrow. Great. We'll call him every day
Great
No, I think we ought to have a little thing
Well, some of us already do now. I think we ought to have a thing and I think we ought to see if they can must do the courage
To buck the management over there
Don't you? Mm-hmm. By the way, you sound good this morning Tom
There's Tom Gallagher with the news in the background
I love the nerve when you calling the nervous laughter at the beginning. Yeah
Yeah, as soon as he figures out who it is, which usually doesn't take very long
It's that very paranoid
Skitzoid laughter
Like a jack Nichols the time. Yeah. Well, I know that director
Across between Tony Perkins and Jack Nichols
Now that's my sparkling. Yeah, it really is
I know that came from John Moran. As a matter of fact you know that when Greg was in Chicago over the holiday weekend
He stated the baits motel. That's true. That's a true story
And so if you try and call the warm line tomorrow, but you get that
No, there's been change. First of all, they couldn't change it that fast
This week this week. I think this week not change it in one day if they start at about nine this morning. No
And it doesn't mean hey listen
I want all you bureaucrats over there to know makes no difference what number you're changing to because we'll have it the same day
That's right. Okay, so it doesn't make any difference just about the old the only thing that you could accomplish
He's put a put a line in there with no number on it
You know what I mean like how did you know that number from when you worked there? Yeah, that's been the warm line
Ever since they've been in that building for like two years, right? Yeah, I mean that lane
Excuse me give us though. We put them on the air and they didn't know it. Ah, who was he kidding? They were listening
I'm so mean to like yeah, I'm sorry. We cannot talk to you because it's on
Yeah, you're violating FCC rules and regulations. You're putting us on the air without telling us run rigging
Or what what did we they think we were doing just calling him the chat off the air
Just calling him to see how they're feeling what the temperature. Yeah. Oh,
She can't believe those guys. Well, it's not their fault though. He did he did admit that he was he felt badly about it
Yeah, he has no problem with it. No, he felt bad about it not badly. Yeah
He felt lousy about it. They they have
Idiots for management. Do they really? Oh god. Hmm. You think it's bad
Yes, oh
This is nothing. This is child's play. Okay, now these two engineers who allegedly are on their way over here
We don't see them yet, but I'm sure that any moment the show ends at 10 o'clock. I just mentioned that in passing
We got to play commercials. Oh, we do. Okay. I wonder why he got up and was halfway out the room
It certainly wasn't because he wanted to
737 on Zeta 4. Let's do one of these big commercial breaks when we end if you're wondering why we're not taking a lot of calls
We give you five guesses and the first four don't count. Okay, there's something about most
$5,000 imports the manufacturers don't want me to say
But you already know the truth
models of the advertised price often don't exist
until now
Chevy import centers have hundreds of
5495 cars in stock Chevy imports centers now open at all daybroward Chevy dealers see the new 88 Chevy imports
Like Chevy spring Metro with an MSRP of just
5495
not one or two
hundreds of
5495 imports in stock but hurry to a daybroward Chevy dealer at our
Grand opening sale you can't even pay less Chevy imports centers
5495 cars that exist
Okay, it's uh 22 before 8 on Zeta 4 and we continue to apologize for other people's ineptness
I guess that's our job right we have to keep apologizing we're sorry. We're sorry
We're sorry and here's Brangleey on Zeta 4
You have that somewhere yeah, we do probably in the utter room
It's in the other room it is interesting that the lines finally they finally got the message that we're not going to be taking any calls
Look at that that's pretty depressing when you have to sit here and look at a dead board
Because you can't put any calls on the air and you keep looking out the window waiting for the engineers to come in
And you don't see them. I don't see them. I don't see them anywhere. They know where to be found
Do they live in South Florida? There's probably only one guy in the business more incompetent technically than our engineering staff
Okay, it's 21 before 8 on Zeta 4 we're just playing a lot of bits and that's good because our one of our early callers off rum earlier in the morning
He said that we don't play enough bits like we used to one a.m
And then we got like an epidemic mini epidemic of callers who started critiquing again and doing their amateur program director bit
And it's not the same as it was on a m and on and on well how long is that going to go on?
It probably go on as long you remember what I used to ask how many people want the news back midday on a.m
And I had been on for 10 months. Yeah, but with gigantic numbers and I sit down
Okay, all you people want the news back in the lines are Fred. Okay, listen all you people who want the breakfast club back on Zeta 4
We're not gonna answer the phone. Let's just see those phones flash. Okay, 620 3600 and date and
7779 3600 and Broward come on. Let's see you folks wake up and do something important here on the phone
All you people who want there they go. Okay, that's great
I could screen a couple of these and no you couldn't and then you can't do that you maniac you can't screen them make them promise that they won't say you make them promise right those
Are the first ones to blur it out about six in a row. Okay, here's six six in a row on Zeta 4
Right after we sign that agreement. Yeah, that wouldn't that be classic
Hey, now wait a minute wait a minute. Isn't that pretty interesting?
I don't want to sound paranoid, but isn't that interesting like we signed our lives away yesterday and we promised we
In fact, they made sure that nobody had their fingers crossed
Or their legs crossed and Gene Kasman was upset about that they made sure that everybody was under best behavior and signed that little sheet
And we weren't gonna do anything indecent and we were gonna follow FCC guidelines and today we come in and just by
Coincidence the delay isn't working today. Okay, so if we hadn't caught it
Thanks to that nice lady who called an assed how come on hold
She was hearing the same as she was on the radio right wasn't for her and the fact that I looked over there with my John
This eye and notice there were no lights lighting on the delay
We could have done something something gonna happen for which we would have been given responsibility
So you're suggesting
Sagittall
Oh boy, so you think there's someone in this building yeah, who shouldn't wait here comes to auto okay
Here comes two automobiles now frantically in the gate in the winds Zeta gate ladies and gentlemen. Let's take a look
Okay, the first one looks like who is it? Oh, that's is that that maniac from the AM sales?
Who is it? I can't tell you yet. Okay. It's a government license plate on it. Is it really? Oh, it's the FCC
They're here to investigate our engineering department good. It's about time once Jan. Oh, one is Jen she can't help us no
Well, it's nice to see her maybe yeah, she probably could do a better job than the engineers
Yeah, good point like maybe putting the plug in the wall would be a good start on the digital
The others windy harm the others windy harm and who's not gonna do us well
So that's not the engineers we were looking for and the show continues to drag on on this Wednesday
I like this conspiracy theory
Yeah, I have a feeling in fact what we ought to do is call up
Arlen Specter your senator in Pennsylvania
Or what's a guy from New Orleans? What was his name? Jim Garrison. Oh great idea
Yeah, let's let's check out the assassination conspiracy theories on the near Rogers show on Zeta 4
Okay, because there's somebody in this building who's trying to deep six this program
So you don't buy that this was just a coincidence. No way you don't buy it. No chance too many coincidences in this part of the building
They surround me. Yeah, I used to never notice coincidences now they're all around me
Yeah, like when I came in this morning in the microphone sounded like we were doing the show 16 feet underwater
You know, I don't look upon that is a coincidence
Uh-huh, and when the cart button was popped off there. I don't look upon that as a coincidence
I look upon it with great disdain now. Let's take this Gus. Let's take volition two words. Okay. Okay. We'll put coincidence over here
Yeah, and we'll put in nepness over there
And then you have to have a third category which would be
Well you said in nepness. Yeah, and I couldn't resist. I know what comes to mind
Hurricane
Let's take up a fun for some of the old age fun
I think the Stan major sinility fund is just building
Now he's he's I don't know what his problem is boy, but he called last night and was no problem
I mean like off the air were fine
But on the air it's like he wants to have world-world three and he's not joking. He's serious
Hey, he's talking about all that music and trying to prove how much he knows about you
He doesn't have to do that. He didn't have to prove anything. Just do the damn show
And in the meantime all he's doing is talking about me. He doesn't have any show
Doesn't have any calls. I mean he's got some cranks, but he's just like nothing left
He's a shell of the man he used to be well the other thing he's real upset about embarrassing is that like we had EJ on here
Just a Elvis Jr
And we didn't give him any credit. Oh, yeah, I heard that he said the how come they don't I he invented EJ and the Don junior
They discovered yeah, he discovered them. Yeah
Did we ask them to come on this show? I mean I like both of them and it's fine that they wanted to be in it
Did I add do we need them
No, it's not that but that you did have Elvis Jr. On no wait a minute. He came in here to cut a spot
But you didn't ask him to come in here, but he was funny and we enjoyed him coming in and it was great
And he just said oh thank you Stan. Yeah, that's what he was. Thank you so much. Okay. Now he's happy you
Okay, just don't I think
We just give credit that stand so the words next Tuesday when we have Michael Talbot on we have to give him credit for that too
Did you hear a door? I
didn't hear it a door is a jar
I love that in your car when you have all that digital stuff
You know, and it says your door is a jar
Your keys are in the ignition would that be some kind of a car if your door was a jar
Maybe it would be a specimen jar
Let's go back to that let's not and say we did
Oh wait a minute. Oh, no, this is in monoling. It's from a.m. Of course. It's in Plano. It's in a.m
This has been quite a day so far and it's not even eight o'clock yet
That's right Glenn as a matter of fact it's seven forty six. Yeah, isn't that exciting? Well, let's preamp that
I'm gonna call Jeff Stryker. Okay
Jeff Stroker
Baby
Happy now I must be getting psychic in my old days in my old age
Yes, or a physics
Now what what did you call for this morning?
I needed to I need to find a two thing our young psychotic friend. What did you call for two things? Yes
I've never called up barbie. Did you ever call a Barbie? He just the winding his what winding his way back in here
It's I thought I put it on I was there was must have been a Freudian slip. I had his mic off
This is what this is
This is a room. Okay, I want to know if you ever called up Barbie. No, you advised me not to but you but you still did it
I did not call her see
He was your advice. He was using reverse psychology. He thought if he told you don't call her you would take me to the phone
Uh, no, I took your advice. I took what you said about her
I believe he did that because I was sure he wouldn't now. I took under can make a jerk out of himself
See now are you surprised? I'm very surprised you're
Stounded and disappointed that other thing me only remember the guy that you did the answering machine for
It's you said
I know this my good friend Joe remember that yeah, anyways
It's interesting story, but I call up his number the other day
And his mom is word out of friends were offended by the word you use at the end these douche bags
Oh really?
Like there's an abrupt ending to that. What is it's a doodle bag?
No, you said yeah, you want me to call just give me a second here, okay? All right go ahead. Oh great
He's gonna call it for us. This is such a guy. Oh, I know
You're not supposed to talk to him no, by the way. I'm not talking to you
Immediate dismissal. I don't mean you. I'm talking to you. I'm not talking to him immediate dismissal. You're imagination
Hi, this is the Elijah's my good friend Joe. I can't tell her the phone right now
But if you'll call back later or just think you name the number right now
I'll call you back when he Dan feels like it
Ah, they cut out they cut out douchebag
That's that's depressing you know
Yeah, I wanted to call Mike Lance too. He wants to apologize too. Father trouble. He's caught you for the millions of years
If anybody owes me an apology, he's one of them
I'll give him a call, do I?
What are you gonna call him now? Go ahead. I don't care
We need to pay for that electric bill in other words you want us to take a break say 31st of all
Let me say this to you. It's just barely not you. It's just barely 835. What why are you turning into a nervous jelly now?
That was for later. I thought you'd look at the screen later wake him up myself
Mike, Mike. Say hello to Neil
Hello Neil. Are you awake, Mike? Yeah, you sound like you're kind of in the bag, Mike
Now how you doing? I'm doing great. What are you doing? You listening to small jingles? No
Wait a minute. Oh, gee. I wish you can't hear it on the phone, you know
I'm sorry. Was that a little stand-up? Is he a little scared? Yeah, mobile
Okay, now you can't hear this on the phone, but wait a minute. There's a little something in honor of Mike
I love this
It's an old WKBW jingles the honor and memory of Joey Reynolds
Make it rest in peace
Just for you, Mike
Mike, are you speechless?
I'm listening
Okay, you're listening for what?
Mike
Speak to it all the times we never wanted to talk to him. He wouldn't shut up now that now
Who could call him right and we can't get a word out of him. You were asleep
Yeah, I was
Yeah, you were now. How come you weren't listening to the show?
Did he listen to Reneerie? Oh, he's listening. Oh, you enjoy listening to a man pick his nose on the air. Is that it, Mike?
No
Remember frequent news weather and traffic. Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. What a fool I am, you know
And that and those helicopter reports. I'm sure that Mike is into that real big time, you know
Now he's not really at clearance. He's over on Alton Road right now on the beach
Before I let you go, Uncle
I'm gonna find out when is Mr. Carlos was being there
Um Christmas week Christmas week when major goes on vacation
What do you want me to act like warm him up? I bring him in the studio any day. He wants oh by the way
I got a great story to tell you about Bill Carter
Yeah, about my good friend Bill
I spoke to him a couple of days ago and he said what are you going on vacation?
I said December 17th and you know what I got in the mail yesterday at home
I got an invitation to a Christmas party at the call to his house December 19
That's a true story
true story
Okay, you see really going in Kennedy broadcasting. Oh, listen to this is waxy going in finity broadcast
He's the guy that's been starting all these stupid rumors. Oh, it's not him. I started
I heard it from somebody else. Yeah, you heard it through the rape fine, right?
I heard the Howard's been will be in there in the morning. I got news for you
Okay, we just spoke to Howard's producer or whatever that guy's name is Mitch
Howard isn't going beyond anywhere and with the attitude they got up there. It's just as well, okay?
Prook, this is like your leaf-fowler prediction. Yeah. Oh, I have another thing for you trust me
Wait, wait, wait, you didn't answer what I said your leaf-fowler prediction about legal and on w.i.n.trius
You try to skip by that. What happened?
Well, that's what I heard. I just passed on what I hear. Yeah, yeah
I have one more thing which will definitely come true very quickly
Know that more the new man from Kansas City that y100 brought in yeah, okay
Anyway, bringing off his crew like you know Sullivan did from our Kansas City
Now be getting rid of some institutional people at that station
A lot of people on that station like David Ross for example belonging an institution. Okay
Okay, see you later
Okay, he's over there. Isn't that exciting? Yeah kid curry. He's got more lives than the everybody's cat
bigger than Johnny dark 22 till 9 on Zeta 4. This is Neil Rogers and I want
To clean up your act would you please?
Come on would you clean up your act call her?
Speak to a straight
Okay, now did you were are you listening this morning? No, oh you're probably listening to reneary
I know you're like to hear that nose picking on it's listening to the news. Oh really?
You're the one
Come on when you cut it out. What do you want?
Uh, I told a little cute story about you on the air. We're promoing the fact that you're gonna fill in for Stan
And I hope your disposition on the air is better than his has been the last two days by the way. Oh really? Oh, yeah
He's uh, he's really uh, losing it I think well
He sees the handwriting on the wall
But anyway, I was telling the audience a cute story about the fact that I spoke to you a couple of days ago. Do you remember that?
Ha
Did I tell you who I ran into with the brown county fair? Yeah Jerry Sullivan
And he's gonna collapse anyway
I told you this when you just shot up. Do you remember that call? I made two the other day
And you said when are you going on vacation?
Yeah, Bill are you are you with us?
Gee, he's been out of the business so long. I was like he can't speak anymore must be those must be those teeth
You do you remember you asked me when are you going on vacation? And I said December 17
Okay, and yesterday this this incredible thing came in my mailbox at the house
Yeah, and it was a invitation to a Christmas party at the callers house
How did you get one of those
On December 19
Number nine. Yeah, number nine. I never say it. Okay. Here we go. Hello. Yes. We're here still on the air
We haven't hung up yet. All right. Doesn't this sound bad by the way
Oh, that's right. He's deaf. No wonder he can't hear me. You're deaf.
Okay, I'm sure you're that tackling at the background. Okay, just ignore him
Speak to us Bill. Come on
He sounds like Greg's out of this morning. Do you know that we called Budell again this morning and he said they couldn't talk to us
And we called him back again on the warm line as they call it over there
And he was very conciliatory and apologetic
But evidently the management over there does not want to speaking to them on our air
He's I'm gonna call him maybe they'd let me call him. Okay
I'm out of work. He'd be shocked to hear from anybody, but us. I'm sure that
Okay, all right. Go ahead. Okay. That's always good. You are such an emotional
I mean that's for sure
Especially after last week. Yeah, even though
You're not even a be here. Right. You didn't want to hurt my feelings
Wouldn't it wouldn't have made any difference? No, I wouldn't
I mean to tell you something while he's trying to talk
This is the
The same man. See he's definitely way so we can't hear them
This is the same man who on the phone of the day said are you mad at me about something?
That was a good question and I said I'm mad as hell and I'm not gonna take it anymore
And then that Howard Beale or I mean Howard Stern or is it Howard Beale
I'm gonna be happy when he got on overnight. I hear they let the people go mess overnight on what
That they can be really filthy. Not on this station man. This is the class. We're talking with class
Hey listen, it might still on for majors. Yeah. Okay good. And the audience is demanding that you be on this show one day before that you know as a guest
Oh, okay
No
How about Jay Michael maybe Jay Michael's what can you sing can you sing?
Can I do you have a boom box
If you have a boom box jail have you on for three hours? Oh, I got it. It's just like old times talking to you Neil the same
Boring crap
Well, listen Bill McQuigal be on in an hour Bill. Oh, I can't wait. Yeah me either. I can't wait. Oh my old boy now. You're doing so great
I know is it a great and Craig I hear he's doing a show in New York now W.O.R. Craig. What's his name?
Craig Worthing Craig Worthing. Yeah
Oh, gee, I'm so glad I made this call me come on. Uh, let's see. Now what's today is the second. Yes. Oh you want to come in tomorrow?
Are you that anxious?
No, I'm not at see by the way for the audience for the benefit of the audience you remember Bill Calder
Yeah, I'm a bim no
Oh, no, they're all not they're all shaking their head no well that's all the more reason to have him on to refresh their memory
Uh, Jay would you like to have Bill Calder on your show? Wait a minute Jay is here. Yeah Jay said he'd like to have you on
Jay Michael for that me on yeah, I don't have a second so yeah, he is
He said he doesn't have a boom box
No, what you ought to do is like come in at eight o'clock one morning next week and then you can then you can stick around and spill over on the AM sure
Well, it's a nice talk to you. Yeah. Does that mean goodbye? Okay. We'll call your secretary to set it up. No, listen
Just leave a message on my party machine. Okay
Well, bye
Bye
Bye
Is he gonna say goodbye? He's thinking bye fine. What do you say? I don't know. I don't know
I told you that would be a good call. It was a great call. Well, there he is Bill Calder for what it's worth
It's was that a great excuse. I mean was that a tacky excuse or what about sending me an invitation to a party that he knows
I'm not coming to because I won't be here. I'm basically to you the same
I mean that was one of the most embarrassing things. I opened it up, but I said
Who is he kidding? I mean is this man lost his marbles? They're covering their their tails. Yes. Okay
We better cover our tail because it's you know the FCC is very concerned about these IDs now
WTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in Palm Beach is okay. That wasn't
