All those great things yesterday that just in fact
It wasn't broken right?
In the time the ship in the glass bottle was not broken
It wasn't just ship in the glass bottle
A glass ship in a glass bottle
In fact when I leave the studio today I'm going to get inside on the ship and head for any place it'll take
I'd love to see that
I bet you would
Listen, Kathy West is just adorable
Is it amazing how the audience has turned around with her?
Look at the hot girl can you do the show from her hospital room?
No, as a matter of fact she's going to have her baby here in the studio
Oh, wonderful!
I want to be there
No, seriously she's going to have her baby here in the studio
I love it, I can't wait to see it
Or have the midwife and the house show
What a pair, I love it
It's just great
What I want to ask you
Do you have club passes to a golf team?
I have a lead show
I have everything you could ever need and then some
I'm sure you do
I just wondered if you did a lot
Well I sure appreciate the thoughtfulness I was really nice yesterday
That's sweet and I give my love to mom
I hope she likes what I sent
Thank you and have a great Easter tomorrow
Well, I know Passover is still on so keep enjoying
Okay
Okay there
Man who called Craig said that Craig said that Neil would never kill himself
There he is
Interesting
Alright I'll tell you what I'll show him a finger to wait till the next hour
Okay
It's eat some of those still nuts in that
Exactly, man I'm telling you
Kathy West left some garbage here that even a parrot would laugh at
In fact I think the parrot dropped some of those in the box
I mean it is the most disgusting looking stuff that anybody's ever seen
Now what just happened on the phone there with that glitch
All of a sudden just in like one second
Okay we have a couple of open lines
In date county 624-0191
And there's an open line in Broward at 764-0707
What are you looking for Tom?
Tom Gallagher is always who Tom's looking for the newspaper
So that he can bring you some headlines
That of course is one of the great tactics that the Winds News staff has been famous for for 11 years now
Is that we take boring news out of the herald and we make it
Interest the collider and he would say
Call up some news and they'll give it to you
Oh that's true we can get the weather from the folks over there
Maybe Tom Schaefer is still hanging around with Craig talking about his mystical boat
I'm telling you man radio in this town is reaching new levels ladies and gentlemen
Even the FCC isn't prepared for what we're on the horizon of
In this world
Follow sleepless and listen with them
Exactly they'll be into a terminal coma
And of course the new chairman of the FCC Mr. Right Wing
We're going to have him probably on the tap
You may count them show one of these days in the next couple of weeks
And he'll probably be the first guest to follow sleep on the phone
Although I do remember a call to had a couple of callers
Oh that's right by the phone number those
We'll leave it be you from you fit from the redlands
He must be related to Biff from the redlands
Okay listen we're out of time for this hour
Fruitcake is here and he's going to stick around until the reform police come in and take him away
And Tom Gallagher who just is trying desperately to figure out what the hell this Saturday morning business is all about
Tom is standing by he's going to try to bring some respectability back to all of this
He's got those Yoko and Arya news headlines that wins this so famous for
World News from CBS at the top of the hour and we'll come back at 1106
Ernie Sochin is going to be doing his show from Temple Bethel at 2 this afternoon
Get up 94 news wins if you'd like to call Neil dial 7640707 in Broward
Or 624-0191 in date and now here again is Neil Rogers
Okay we have a special celebrity guest standing by
Boy we've got them all today man they're coming out of the woodwork they're coming from Kendall and from Pinellas Park
And from from Carol city and from hunger is a matter of fact and yesterday of course we had that jerk on from the FCC
James McKinney who absolutely told us nothing I mean the most ambiguous vague bunch of mong in the history of radio
And we also talked to Jerry Williams and this morning we thought we would probably talk to one of the real experts on radio obscenity
Who is standing by in Pinellas Park are you there sir?
Yes I am this may cost me my job Rogers but frankly your full of do-do
Oh that's okay
Hello Mr. Lasano
Oh wait a minute does that have to do with ex-Gritory something?
I'm not really sure
Or is it just that you haven't grown up and you continue to talk in baby talk if that's the case it's okay
There's a lot of old number two if you ask me
See here he goes man we've had him out like for 20 seconds and he just spew a get out man
It's just like a gigantic telephone animal
Well I'm really taking it off of the whole thing Rogers
There's a guest here in the studio who'd like to say hello to you
Hello Mr. Lasano how is everything up there doing?
Everything is fine up here doing
You still have that right there in the studio with you?
He's in the studio we have him captured in here and Lee Fowler is on his way with a group of board ops
And they're gonna beat the crap out of him
Well I'd like to change to the chair I wouldn't let him get away
I think his phone privilege is at least
They're taking away don't worry about that
Good good
That's okay but we have sources up in Tampa
Help me get through
We were trying to get to a night 800 number but
I don't want you to pay a dollar for it that wouldn't be fair
Don't answer the 800 number anymore
You don't?
Only when we're desperate don't have any other calls do we have?
Oh no one there was ringing a lot of them
In other words every 20 minutes
So how are things going over there Bob?
Things are going pretty good
How's the wife?
Now the wife is fine thank you
Did you get the news letter out there?
What is this house the wife?
What is this?
This is this the Joe Franklin show?
By the way speaking of Joe Franklin
He had the professor Irwin Corrie on again last night
And I got to tell you something that man is the funniest man
In the history of mankind
No he was still alive
He's hysterical he really is
And of course Joe Franklin you know what a great sense of humor he's got
And he's sitting there and he's trying to interview his 40 other guests who are sitting you know sprawled over the couch
And Irwin Corrie just keeps going on and on
It was great I don't know what that has to do with anything
But well I did actually has a great deal to do with things because they were dropping apparently the PTL network up here and replacing it with WLR out of New York
Hey listen to that there's hope for mankind even hill is that in Pinellas?
Yes that is a big secret no one knows that yet
Even in Pinellas County that's with two L's
We're coming into the 20th century
Well wait till the governor finds out about that he'll probably try to stop it
Well there is there is some talk about that
So what of the words did you want to say to us this morning?
Don't do it please I'm asking a wrong guy
No we worked for the same company I wouldn't dare
Well you did once
Can we rip up while he's on the line?
Go ahead you can rip him he's got broad shoulders
Bob did you know?
Big shoulders I mean enormous
Bob
Yes
You there of course you are
How did how close was it between you and talk mate?
How close is it?
Number is numbers I mean not this thing
What?
Near the man's point like an 18 share in this market
And you have a five so much I heard you had the height of it
Wait a minute wait a minute who's pulling an 18 share?
Talk mate
Why is there this deafening silence?
Near what you said
No no who's pulling an 18 share in that market?
Bruce Williams?
Yes
And I've been in the show so
I have a highest live local members which are just under a five
Four most hours just over a five for one
You
Aren't away the highest locals
But Bruce Williams is point 16, 17 and 18
Oh my god
Amazing
We have to have a saliva test in the Tampa Bay area ladies and gentlemen
No more
I don't think there is any saliva up here
That's one of the ones
I can't believe that are you serial or is this a put on?
Oh that's real
That's why I feel like doing so good
Whoops
I had a call from somebody at WFLA the other day had a message
Some lady at WFLA
And I threw it in a waste basket and I laughed
I wonder what that was all about
Well they are aware of you I had lunch with some people over there this week
And we were talking about you
Oh in other words they were calling me to offer me a job perhaps
I don't think that was it but we were talking about the FCC
And you and Howard Stern last Tuesday in that month
Well I see
Well you know the chances of my
Talking to FLA and one of the competing stations
That would be outrageous
Oh no, they are not going to pay pretty well probably
They probably go to 50 maybe in 285 a week for you
Really
They'd like you up there too
Although they are
I'd be big in that market man
Oh you really wanted
I'd be almost as big as Bernard Meltzer
Bernard probably is doing over there
Well it's funny that Bernard is beating all the ass the attorneys
And they'll be snoozing
Snooze which is kind of interesting
He is he's beating them by
I think one thing that all three of us have in common is a basic and trinsic love for Lee Fowler
I don't think there's any question about that
Bob do you have any latest information about Lee?
I talk to Lee this very week
You did what did he have to say?
No
Oh
Oh that's all
Oh no, okay I get it, okay
Don't even go over there they're going back
Bob isn't going to go too far because he knows that when you know the door is still
Even if there's a little creek in the door that he just doesn't want to close it all away
I wouldn't give Lee the pleasure he probably do better than he would
He's just as popular as Shirley
Two five
Six for him and two five for Shirley
Last time I had spoken with him he told me over my dead body
And there was a report up here this week that he had a stroke and died on the air
No that's not true
You got to tell Joyce to straighten out to her sources
I spoke to her today she crankled me up at home
Boy now to see this is getting really inside
Is that that misfit down in Homestead?
Are you calling her a misfit?
She's working at PLP now
She's a wonderful person
Are you serious?
Yes
Now the audience is listening to all of this and they haven't got any idea and I'm beginning to agree with Mark Hune
That this is gotten so inside that it just I mean even I haven't got any idea
Yeah I mean it's anything
What any of these people are talking about all of these we have like several different levels of crank collars
And groupies and subgroupies and subhumans and it's just amazing
What goes on in the periphery of the real world
You want to know about Joyce Bender?
Of course
Is she related to Tom Bender?
To Bender over
Oh she's probably full sister to Dr. Bender over
That's from now on he may be a favorite guest
Bender over
She used to work at WRBA which is a country station now which is off the air
She used to do weekend nights over there
And she used to call John McEw over here and play records and stuff like that
John McEw that's a familiar name
John McEw
Every time I speak to me takes shots at you about
The radio douchebag you remember him
Bow or at least I'm working
No he's working too now he matter fact he's a general manager of WZOR in Mockely
That is pretty funny when you're doing
He's doing news over there in Spanish and acting
I'll tell you one thing they're big and Indians over there man
He's got eight thousand like Indians and migrant workers it's fantastic
Because their name is Raúl Travaj
And I got news for you
They're loyal because when they get that buck to fill out the diary man they'll do anything
So he's got an enormous audience and that in two
Do you believe this?
I mean do you believe this is on the air?
Because I'll tell you I sure don't
Anyway getting back to why I called you because I'm sure that someone who lost a job over an innocent four letter word
Probably is apoplectic
It turns out that most of the people on the air in this market are a bunch of wimps
They don't know who lost it are
They're really a bunch of wimps because you know I'm the only one who's really making a shrill protest to this
And the other ones of course are you know busy looking the boots of the commissioners up there
Lee
Getting me
Oh yeah even Fowler is quoted in the heraldous morning as saying
I think it's a good decision there are many irresponsible people in this business who are offensive
And have no business being on a radio
No, of course of course we all know that Lee is patently offensive just on the face of him
Oh I wouldn't say
With his sex elephant poles and how often do elephants do it?
Yeah
Yeah he's recently been involved in a series of sex pole
I wonder why is that like that old
The way you say
Is my favorite down there
People who don't get to talk about the most
I can say that about Lee
No question about it although capy west is an exception
Go ahead sir I'm sorry you were saying what?
I just said that Lee Fowler is my favorite talk coach
He's my favorite too especially David Fowler up and they have another Fowler up
Just before last I think in the mornings
And I'll keep losing my train of thought because I'm trying to have a conversation
And this misfit over here just keeps rambling on and rambling on with incoherent non-sequiters
That make absolutely no sense even to him
But why do you have that misfit in the studio?
He just showed up here today just showed up and you know we felt sorry for him
We figured you know he's been desperate for so long to have some attention
And we thought we'd give him some
This is the man or the boy that you would call me in the middle of the night and cry about
Exactly he used to bring tears to my eyes
Are you serious?
No
Oh okay that's good
Now what were you saying about what you said yesterday or last night about the FCC ruling
Are we going to ever get to that or is this just going to be one of those teases that goes on and on and on?
Oh I did about 15 or 20 minutes on at the
That's it?
It's totally ignored it
They're not not in the least bit interested
I can check that out
You've got to be kidding me
Oh I'm that serious
I mean this is on the front page of the Miami Herald this morning
Of the world famous Herald and Channel 4 and the world famous Channel 6
News people came by yesterday during my show and if Channel 6 comes by the cover
You know it's got to be big stuff
Well the front page of the same Petersburg Times this morning has Florida and other states revive long term alimony
Oh that's good
Oh wait a minute I bet they're big on the obscene bumper sticker law, though aren't they?
No that doesn't really even know about up here
They don't have cars up there at all
Can I ask you a stupid question?
What the hell is it that they do talk about up there?
What on my show or the other?
On any show up there
Well for example this morning
My station is a very hot conversation with a drugist in some place in Kentucky
Wait a minute can you give me a prescription for penicillin?
I doubt it very much
No I'm serious I'm getting a strip through
You are
And Kathy West has gone all the way home to get me whatever the stuff is to give me some drugs
You West?
Yep
Who is Kathy West?
We don't have time to go either but she's in a family way
She's pregnant. Guess who's the father?
I wouldn't even want to try
So long pause here I notice that
I wouldn't even want to
Go ahead don't let him you know don't let him deep-six this conversation just keep going ignore him
Pretend he's not here
Well notice this market up here could not care less first of all we don't have anything that even comes close to this market with a possible exception of the QZU
Now on the QZU they are extremely racist and sexist that's okay that is not indecent
And Mason Dixon the operations manager at the QZU was quoted in the...
Mason Dixon
He's in Dixon right
Oh it was quoted in paper yesterday is saying that he thought a decent radio was awful and he would never do it
But they just sit there and take shots at every minority known to man and perpetuate every stereotype known to man
But that's not indecent
They do do is
Mason Dixon
I don't make up these names
I can't believe it go ahead I'm sorry
And that's about as far as it is gone
What kind of a stiff market is that I mean how are you surviving up there?
How is a man with an IQ of at least over three?
And I know that from personal experience from some of those long depressing conversations we've had on the phone about you wanting to get out of there
How is a person able to survive mentally?
I'm lucky I have my own following and after a year and a half of going to Zurk up here I do whatever I want to do
I take a lot of heat for it and it costs me money out of my pocket however
Well what does that mean you pay to be on the air?
Almost
Pay by the hour by the minute
It's very close to my name's them to be on the air
No it was endorsements in a lot of spots
Yeah can I let it out of the bag?
What's that?
All the people up there don't like Las Vegas views so they're calling up the sponsors and they've actually had an impact on his sponsorship on the show
Oh yeah sure
See now that's a difference between the two markets because down here especially during the halendale thing they tried that
And you know there were one or two nervous people who like went into limbo for a few days and they all came back
How are people up here going to threaten to turn me into the Chamber of Commerce?
I'm sad for tourism
To turn you into the Chamber of Commerce and what is the Chamber of Commerce going to do to you Bob?
Oh boy they're going to sentence you to two weeks in clear water with the Scientologists
Where water is where at that clear water is the action town up here?
Boy that says a lot
I thought Bob's going to work at WSU and playing bingo on the air with the ill people
That would be good
Man I'm telling you those old ladies they still just they just go nuts
They're probably right now hearing your voice is doing things for them the likes of which even Dr. Ruth couldn't do
He has more crankers all up there for square inch than anybody you know
Do you get a lot of crank calls up there?
Millions
Not the way that you do in Miami in Miami
No he does he's lying to you
I have them docked I have them on tape I should have brought the tape Bob you get so many crank calls up there
Oh wow Mr. Lassiter
Who are just enraged?
They are for real people
They're not calling up just to crank they're calling up because they can't take it anymore
Oh in other words they're really POed
Yes
Really tingled off
Hmm
She I'm still waiting for that letter to come in the mail
You know this McKinney that I had on yesterday
I asked him if it was true that they sent a personal letter of warning to Howard Stern
And he said the warning is not only for Howard it's for you to kneel and for everybody else like
Just a little subtle intimidation you know about it subtle as an elephant in the Chinese shop
Okay listen hold on a second you're not going anywhere are you?
Hi
Like I said hold on for 20 minutes past 11 at WINZ
Bob Lassiter is with us
Fruitcake is here in the studio if Lee is listening by the way you know where the station is
And we have an open door policy here
Moving from one place to another is a big step and it's important to work with someone that you trust
If you're considering a move call your neighborhood moving in storage experts
Father and son moving in storage
Father and son has been family owned and operated since 1908
Three generations of moving experience and you'll receive modern movement
24 minutes past 11 at WINZ
We're speaking with Tom Likus and now actually Bob Lassiter is on the phone and you'll be pleased to know that some little old lady in tennis shoes
Just called Kyle and he's just spaszing she's so delighted to hear your Malif Lewis voice
Oh Centaurian
Oh Jean was Jean?
I don't know who it was one of those old bags that you just caught you in a weekend
We mean they're all your listeners you told them not anymore they're not man
I've I've sent them all to Siberia my audience is all under 10
By the way it's really I want you to understand the impact of this the business about exploiting children
You know children may be listening that business
I will of course that's just a bunch of nonsense
Yeah, they're they're using children as an excuse to be fascist and sensor free speech
But the bottom line is you know who they're referring to
They're not talking about anybody under 12 because all of this is based on the nationwide arbitron ratings
According to Mr McKinney of the FCC and as a result of that since there are no measurements for anyone under 12
They're talking about people between the ages of 12 and 17
Now aren't you just positive as can be that somebody to say 15 years old is really offended
When they hear somebody use one of the words that they use you know 400 times a day on the average
Yeah
Well the extraordinary thing is last night talking the way into work
We stopped off and got a quick hamburger at McDonald's okay
Wait a minute was Craig was Craig worthy with you?
He wasn't
You don't know what it's like not to be able to afford to go to McDonald's when you don't have a dollar of your pocket friends
You don't know what that's like
There was a man sleeping in one of the benches over there
But he had a satar head on?
Yes he did
And brown checkered pants
I can't believe it
I can't believe he came all the way back in this morning to do our show that's incredible
I don't know who it was but he did look familiar
And in any event we're sitting in the booth and there's a booth next to us with two women
Apparently young mothers perhaps under 30 just over us
Not under
We were getting up to leave and one of them said
And I just think the whole thing whatever they were talking about
As a bunch of bull you know what
The point is you can go into even McDonald's with Ronald and the American flag
And the monopoly game and the whole thing
For this language all over the place
Does anybody remember the Watergate tapes, Nixon's tapes?
Apparently not
I was gonna say tricky dick but we can't say that under you anymore either
Well does anyone remember our illustrious president calling the members of the press?
Oh yeah
Oh boy even Ronnie
The press has used exploits I can't believe it
What do you gotta understand we're living in this Casper milk toast world at the FCC and all those
Seen Isle of Farts up in Washington before they come from
Has nothing to do with children it makes the people themselves the moral majority
The federation for decency and all these other white women
Morality and media by the way are jumping on the bandwagon on this one now
They say that they're going to fact it's in a lost regional that our guest brought in this morning
Bradley Curl National director of morality and media says that they're going to be monitoring Howard Stern's show
And complained to the commission if he violates the broader indecency standard that they passed yesterday so
They had something else in there about increasing promiscuity in there
Did you see that was a little quote down there at the end of the article about saying that if people started using those kind of words on the air then AIDS would I guess get out of control
Oh yeah no question about it
All somebody has to do is say douchebag on here and right away everybody
Grab the person next to them and starts doing you know I've seen things
By the way if there are people in the audience would like to speak to Bob Lasseter wouldn't you love to do that?
I've got to take calls to call it check that one. This is our dime you understand you know what a cheap company this is.
I've got to talk all of your push cavities down there exactly. Okay. Would you do that? Of course.
Okay now if there are any we've already got a whole bunch of people that have been hanging on I have no idea why because
Years is what do we do we took this call right after the news? So what the hell are these other people still hanging on for man
I'm telling you they are loyal aren't they not too bright but they are loyal to hang on and on and on
It's just incredible. Okay. We have a couple of open lines here in date at 624 0191 and I'm sure that there must be some
Lasseter groupies in date who would just spaz at the nose to get on the phone and hear this malifluis soothing voice
From Pinellas Park speaking to the phone and say aw shucks
Pasha aw pasha but you know I bet you don't say that up there do you you wouldn't have the guts to say
Pasha in Pinellas Park the caller say it have we got one for him doesn't have a shock
Now you want your that had Miami you know it would be embarrassing what if nobody wanted to talk to you that would be
That would be more to talk they don't know who Lasseter is it's been a long time you see how soon they forget man
They haven't got any idea who the hell you are how long has it been Bob Bob pardon how long has it been since you
When was the last day when was your last day here what do you remember the date?
I'm really a one wasn't a year ago December the a's over a year like almost a year and a half
Somebody is 1985 boy that's incredible. Whatever you say house over here that was right around the time of our last talk
Mania in fact that was the same weekend wasn't it I think I know who that caller was by the way
He made that made me do say that
Well, how'd you like his number?
I know who it is too. Do you really?
Uh-huh. Oh the guy called me and said oh Mr. Lasseter you're coming there stand up
And so you are full of yeah, yeah, no what's it me?
So although it's been alleged
Okay, listen we got some calls for Bob
Oh, we do is that for Lauderdale call for Bob Lasseter? Well, let's check it out. Hello
Hello, hello
Hello, yes, yeah, I think this is a crank call. No, it's not okay. It's this I get out there. I know see I know it
I'm meeting you
Okay, I can't believe you said that to Bob
North Miami hello
Yes, how are you doing? I'm doing fine. Please come home. I tried to but they won't let me isn't there anything
Mr. You can do this is a power that would convince him to put you on well the matter of fact
I just that can that question is very weak and he's this is another crank call or by the way
It's not a crank call. I think Mr. Lasseter is one of the best talk. Hopefully we've ever had in South Florida
Well, next to John Braward
Please
Okay, sir good luck to you. I'm not getting pressed my luck with that one. Yeah, have a happy happy circus
Okay, I'm telling you you're bringing him out of the woodwork today
I'll tell you that dance late bought that card and that little thing that you did on the air and he's gonna play it right now
Okay, wait a minute
Let's interrupt the segment with Lasseter for just a second. We have a little special
Thing here that's just been handed to me from the news department
Prior to the arrival of the now famous FCC letter the federal authorities have devised this FCC danger zone cart
Which is to be played when it would be talk show host is getting near what the commission feels is
obscene and indecent
I
Ooh that was Jeff
That's the bad song 23 people in the production department and that's the best they can come up with
Are you serious now those there has to be maybe not here, but the other stations have a stacy queue and all those
Double entendres in there. I can't believe it then what happened to you is something happened to your mind since we last spoke
I mean that on a scale. I mean Dan has been just
Working to a frenzy in a production studio and I thought he was gonna. He's been putting such great stuff together for us
And I thought this was gonna be a real winner
Well, that's just to let people know when you're getting there the dangers on so they can get there
I mean that was so weak on a scale of zero and while Lasseter is on the phone
We might as well play something that Lasseter will enjoy
Hello, this is Michael Jackson
Orson you to help stop the spread of social disease
Don't risk your life by having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar Queens. I urge you to do like I do go it alone
But make sure you wear protection
That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson glove
One on either hand the Michael Jackson glove add the security piece of mind that I need to do it myself
So remember before you put it on
The Michael Jackson glove proving once again that a bird in the hand is better than one in the bush a
Vatable in sequence models for extra stimulation
Okay, I bet you they would play that in Tampa, wouldn't I?
I
I don't I I sounded very much do you really yes? I do well
What a bunch of old bags up there and oh let's see woman wants to talk about that foul mouth done web
Babe boy, that'll be good. Well, let's see. I was in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. Hi
I'm not a crank call right now. I want to say hello to Bob and tell my nixon. Well, thank you
I have friends over in Tampa area who hear
Joshua or here all the time and I'm wondering if ever go to you to Per Boondill or for anymore
Oh, I've not been up that way for probably a dozen years. Oh my goodness. Well, I miss you Bob. Thank you
I miss you too. I use to listen to you all the time
I enjoy getting a close-eyed like me and I listen to him and
Anyway, I'm glad to hear you today. Oh, Pasha. Oh
Oh
I'll try okay. Bye. Can't believe it even Jimmy Carter never said oh Pasha to the Iatola Hollywood. Hello
Yes, Bob can I speak to Bob?
Where you can't? Bob how you I'm doing fine. That's good. I'm thinking of you in
Tampa from time to time. I mean I don't I'm not on the air but I usually call you before you go on the air
You remember me I never tell you my name 11 Sarasota
Bunny 11 Sarasota is in Hollywood. I call you to tell you I am miss you
Oh
I call
Lee follow a few weeks ago and I was asking for name could replace you know
Steve's game and I guess
No, no, he didn't you know you only follow I told him they would be nice if we could get you
We miss you so much here, and I think you you're so intelligent and everything and I don't think you belong where you are
You belong in the big city. No one belongs where I am man
Well, can you come back? I could have fifth if they'd like
But I don't believe they could put you instead of
Yes, they could as a matter of thought but they won't
Well, if I call I
So I'm gonna say I call Mr. Pune many time and I mention your name. Oh the problem is it's Neil Rogers
He's the one that's blocking me in the market
He could do something for you because he knows there are people maybe pay a salary
Well, I'm gonna wait until you come back, Bob because you we really need you in Florida because we can't not be
Signed in a radio with nobody. I understand that well there is leetal
Oh, come on. Okay, man
Listen listen have a wonderful life, but it's commercial time
We're gonna put last it around hold one more time because he's just got the turret of calls and
We do have one open line in date if you're hurry at 624
0191 because Steve won't be back on the ittle the first of July 624
0191 it's 24 before noon at W. I. N. Z
We have our usual cast of Saturday misfits here and we'll come right back
Okay 21 before noon we have Bob Lassiter in Pinellas Park and we also have Steve Keynes replacement in the studio with it
Say hi hi you
Is Bob on I want to talk to Bob about some good guy who's on here. Yeah, are you there Bob? I'm right here
Hey, so what were you talking about Mason Dixon? Just what I said I didn't hear it. I'm sorry
He's never do anything like that. Oh, I have stories of Mason Dixon that would burn from one way. Thank you for these drugs
I can just see all those mothers out there when I can't believe she's giving out prescription drugs say hi to Bob say hi Bob
Anyway, so how's it up there? She won't talk now man during a break. She was uttering yet to say that three-letter. He was uttering obscenities during the brain
Yeah, that was one of them that was one of them
He they see if she'll be we heard that the person that if children say it's okay if adults say it then it's bad
But you understand you've got to protect the adults who are listening out there. That's right. We don't want
Exactly there was another one. I thought you didn't have any adults left me. I thought you're all into got much younger
I told you they're all under 10 now. We
Have you yeah those are tapping so how those are white flowers real life it is boring in panels park let me
Somebody that yeah, yeah, she or listen or what she says they'll have a lot more interesting than what you're saying
I'll tell you that it's gonna be our edition tape. She could send it to me
Okay, say hi Neil say hi Neil
No, man. She's scared of that thing. Well, she's seen too many of those around your house. So what's going on up there?
Nothing nothing very bad very quiet. Yeah, Mason. I hear Mason. Dixon's gonna be on TV with the or I guess the morning
Zeus gonna be on Jones. Hi. Hi, Bob. Hi. All right. Well, we just came to give Neil some relief from his
She wants you back on the air also who was she does yeah high flowers
That's really she's saying flowers are fluffy. I think she's talking about fluffy mink. Yeah
She's gonna do a good job from three to seven
Man, I'm gonna tell you my replacement only tell her to clean up her length
Yeah, exactly that's gonna be her first. She's gonna have the plant man on the first day is gonna be a first day
She'll say frog and that'll really be a bad
Froggy no, she says the words that just oh, that's very close to froggy, but not exactly a man
Great okay, are you listening mr. McMillan okay? Now, this is a two-year-old child okay?
So he can't be for to appear to the purient interest of our adult audience
Nice to hide okay. Thank you Kathy. That was very thoughtful, but don't do it again. Thank you Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, bye-bye
Yes, ma'am
Go ahead. This is for you Bob. Okay
Mr. Laster, I'm not one of the fatty the fatty degenerates normally, but I really do miss you
And I sure wish you were back on the air
Down here. I really thought that Neil Rogers was one stopp on you from being on the air
I've come over there and punch him in the nose. Oh, it isn't true. I got more calls than Neil and I
Oh, then we're from me. That's only problem
Yeah, they were all cranks that was the problem. I've been on the hit parade cop 10
The one call is more than Neil Rogers gets
Begging for calls are you attacking him? Oh, no, not really. This is another one of those
Elaceter callers always attacking Neil black campily, but let me say that go ahead man. I didn't like Neil Rogers originally
But I've been listening to him and I'm getting used to him. You know, he's kind of like a ward on your finger
You get used to him. Yeah, Bob. I sure a big word
You're doing issue and I always should come back down here. Well, that's very kind. I appreciate it
Well, you take care of yourself and jeez if you can do come down even if you go to another station. Okay, okay
WT. Aw, shucks. This is good in it. Aw, shucks
Man, I'm going to tell you something the tinkle meter has just gone right off the end. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, you're doing
Neil. Okay, was there a decision by the Supreme Court that the seven words could not be used or was there a legal decision at all?
That's correct. These are Supreme Court.
The SEC preempt that legal decision. Oh, they're not preempting it. They're expanding it. And of course it is going to be
Challenged by the ACLU and it is going to go to court again. The only thing you have to be concerned about is when you look at the
Composition of this court, you know, somehow I just can't see Sandra Day O'Connor saying douchebag. You know, I just I've just real
Nervous about it. We still have that five before sometimes. Yeah, they fluctuate. They swing both ways. Right.
Um, uh, anyways, uh, okay, I just wanted to ask that I wouldn't share if there was a decision or not. And I like the idea
Maybe we get blasts and air and that two to four shift you think you pull some strings or nothing about three to seven.
How about two to six? Well, two to four.
In the like a two to four. You know, he's not saying anything now. He speaks. It was me. My bags are packed. I like it.
Always been packed. Oh, you know, if you get Neil to pull some strings, well, you have a lot of cloud. I got news for
I got about as much cloud with this present regime as a dead frog. Okay. That's how much cloud I've got.
Anyway, they haven't even speak to me. Okay. Thank you. They didn't even speak to me. They passed me in a hall named Mudder like, oh, there he is.
What's he going to do today? You know, Lauder Hill. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, I get off at a Tampa quite a bit. I was in the WPLP. You're the one. Yeah, the signal is good for about 20 miles.
That 20 blocks. Yeah, very weak signal. But I'll tell you I listen to that. That the talk radio over there. And I cannot believe where these people are coming from.
They really are in the dark ages. Yeah, most of them are coming from Britain. Yeah, well, Sarasota. Oh boy. And they want to hang everybody. And they think that Reagan should be canonized. And, uh, well, maybe we ought to put. Yeah, happy on the air over there. And we'll swap her for Lassiter and bring him back here.
They couldn't use tapiova. That she's too left wing.
Is it any market is really much more conservative than the Tampa market? The Tampa marketer, a bunch of armchair, social security recipients who hate everybody.
In Miami, the conservatives down there put on fatigues and go out into the Everglades on the weekends and practice. What's John? Can I talk to Bob a woman? Ask them one question? Go ahead, sir. This is America. Okay, Bob, when you would do in the, uh, I guess it was five to eight or something. I would leave Tampa.
Probably around five o'clock and start down 75. And I could pick up almost a four of myers. And you get into something really, you know, free swinging and liberal and making people think.
And then the call to start coming in. You got to be frustrated. I have the feeling that the people weren't listening to what you were talking about.
Well, that's the same case in Miami as it is up here. If you really want to know the truth, um, the Miami market.
It.
How can I phrase this Miami market was a was more inclined to express their opinion up here. The people just express their frustration. They just call up and scream.
You can't really get a dialogue going. Yeah, sure. It's frustrating for me. I go home many a night. How about this? If you want to do a morning show and competition with the zoo over there and let's have a kneeling Bob.
Hey, it's fine with me.
I think that would be great. I probably last one hour and a half to hours. I was I didn't think it'd make 10 minutes.
The FM here is looking for people. Bob, maybe you can. Yeah, the FM is speechless. As a matter of fact, over the last book, they're speechless. They haven't sent anything for two weeks.
And I think they got another two weeks to go before they're going to let their people start speaking again.
Why are the rumors that they've taken all the pictures of the FM people down? Oh, that's been for over a year. In fact, just when you left, they took them all down.
Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, yeah. The book, this last book had to be in two colors so they could put the FM rating in red and leaves.
Okay, sure. Well, listen, good luck to you. I have a great life and audio. I work on that great life. Okay. 12 minutes before noon at W Y and Z couples concerned about
what that house doubt. Listen.
Hello, what is warm? I'll say you come here often. I've been here before. No, first time. What's your name?
Freeway. Freeway. That's nice. One bigot. Please, do you think it's plain here?
No, you're here to get clean. Oh, I don't know. You work around here? I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor. Yeah, I know.
What's the top? You probably need to rely on. Oh, I'll say, but you know, with everything it's in news and all, it's to pay. You can start relaxing right now, freeway. I brought something.
Freeway. Not just any sheep either. Wow, gold.
A man. Pretty kitty condom. But here's the most important part. Freeway from the ProTech label. ProTech, huh? Aren't those indoors by the City Council of San Francisco? Absolutely. You know the ProTech slogan, though. I sure do. Certified. Say by the city by the Bay. Well, what do you say?
Darn, look at that. I dropped the soap again. I'll get it. You bet your life he will. And with confidence because freeway in spiket have condoms since. Don't let worry. Spoil those chance meetings in public showers. Always carry ProTech.
PROCTECP. PRI-S-M-B P-R-O-D-E-E-T. He been down with no apologies.
Don't doubt know what it's all about. The ProTech chief so they won't send you a reef. ProTech condoms. Condivision of Black Flag House and Garden Pest Control Division. Keeping situation safe since 1887.
It's a 10 before noon at W.I. and Z. I hope you're promoting safe sex in Tampa. Oh, indeed I am. Excellent. Okay. We have another call from Kendall. I'm sure I know who this is. Hello. Hello. Yes. Now this is to know who you think it is. Okay.
Hi. Hi. I've been listening to you since K.A. Keybase. I've never saw him call. But what I want to do is say hello to Bob. Well, either. This is the lady from Oakland. Oh, sure. I remember. Yeah. Only Newton Creek is a part. That's right. Right. Newton Creek keeps us apart. And I'm glad to hear from you. And I think about you and I'll boy do I wish you could get on somewhere here like everybody else.
Yes, everybody else is on down there with me. And the only other thing I want to tell you is I've just listened the other day to a talk show host. And he got mad over people saying why do people say quick? It's supposed to be quick. You know, wait a minute. Who is this? Who is this Boso?
I'm on W.N.W.S. Creek. Huh? That must have been Craig Worthing. I think. Yeah. All he was telling all about people saying. Uh, quick instead of Creek. And I was thinking about us. We say Newton Creek. Well, that's because Craig's been up a
lot of time. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get
on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. I'm not going to be able to get on the boat. Me or my femilliacs are two or more heads. Me or my femilliacs are two or more head�� clip intolerant reptility. Ev señora attacksね lindenajo They they they he he he he illana. Villal, besides the
He he he l Nai MacBookhi them and I have he he he he he he he hesyoo SHE You have he he he he he he heeee Blackhead are a Retro blaster mineuv
you couldn't be just come to you guys. I mean the intellectual point of view, the way
you guys presented it and there's no there's nobody combination in town and I'm sorry
you left and I just I'm just waiting around one one of these radio stations either
double the ONC or the other one of the others will just bring last year to back. Oh I'm
assuming you're just a question of time and Bob let me tell you I can see how you feel
over there because you know when you got you this is very low hit count whether you're living
I can imagine how depressed you are living in that place. I want to tell you after the last
call hearing that Crick or Crick was a topic of conversation. Exactly. I'm not so sure I want to
come back. Yeah. Oh come on. This is a more sophisticated town. Listen to that. Neil. We even had a
call yesterday from Rock Crick. Go ahead sir. As long as you're going to be your thing's going to
Bob will come back to Miami somehow in a radio station. Give me a second of the hour. No he's
going to be back in a couple of weeks sir. I didn't want to let it out of the back before you.
I'm Bob I really hope you make it back because this people are sleeping. I don't know what's
going on here. Great talent. Just like Neil Rajson. I hope you come back maybe. Who good?
Maybe tomorrow. Who's I could. Thank you. Thank you. I hope you do that. Okay. Thank you. Okay
now listen we're going to do our last break. You want to stick around a little more as your wife
getting hysterical. I like to start getting hysterical. I thought with you told noon but that's it.
What do you mean told noon? Mike way. It's six and a half till noon. We got a three minute break so
I guess when we come back we'll have to say goodbye. So long for a while to Bob Lasseter when we
return. Okay it's three minutes before noon ladies and gentlemen and this is a sad moment in
radio broadcast history. Bob we just called up Mike Millen he's going to be collecting postcards to
bring you back to Miami. I appreciate that. Thank you Mike. He did. And the real question of course
before you leave us positive negative or negative neutral. I can't believe it. Well listen obviously
you've really titillated the sound floor audience. They're excited to hear your voice again. We thank
you for your perspicacity on the FCC ruling and of course probably you'll be the test case knowing
you as we all do here in sound Florida and good luck to you. Can I ask Bob a question before it
goes I know you got about 30 seconds. Was it true that you were up in the rock station up there
and you said something about giving out police car undercar police cars license plate numbers and
because of that they jumped on your case and you were a did land that was not me that was not
you and did you ever play that record that you were a part of a yes I did a landmark thing in FCC.
Well I tell you this is also exciting I wish to hell I knew what they were talking about but
Bob take good care of yourself our best regards to your wife your boss Dave Murray the whole staff.
By the way what time will you be home this afternoon I was going to call you today I have something
to discuss with you really really well I would say probably around three o'clock so long as
nobody hijacks me on the way okay I'll talk to you later excellent thank you Neil you bet bye I'm
I for cake that's Bob last year called you PLP in Tampa man yesterday Jerry Williams today Bob
last year who knows tomorrow maybe even David Gold we're reaching for the heights of broadcast
intensity here in South Florida now when we come back we have two more open hours till noon which
makes it very unfortunate because what the hell we do at this point nobody's got any idea but you
said you're going to have the young kids calling oh that's a good idea all those kids are going to
call in but of course they'll probably be all your friends will now dump them Tom Gattagher is
here with a headline CBS with the news at noon we'll come back with our number three at 1206 and
Ernie Soch in broadcasting live from the Hadassam meeting at two this afternoon area wide nation wide
worldwide when you narrow it down here's where you get radios and now back to Neil Rogers on
94 news wins if you'd like to call Neil dial 7640707 in Broward or 624 1191 in date and now here
again is Neil Rogers okay it's 1206 at W Y's is funny you should say that because I was thinking
about yesterday having my producer called Pam's Jingles in Dallas oh I'm serious and doing a show
would be great we could get all the old jingle packages that are no longer in use like in W ABC
Jingles and limits you know a keen or 13 in Detroit for all the real radio groupies but of course
we've only got about six of them so it might be boring okay we're going to get to all the calls
Bob Lasseter is gone he's having a wonderful life he and his wife are having a little lunch now
for the next couple of hours babies and all sorts of other things that they're whipping up over
there in Pinellas Park and Kathy West is on her way home with her young a daughter who said
several profane things on a year and we thank her for bringing in my penicillin man this has
been a morning the likes of which even Bill Tanner never had a morning like this and I wonder
where Bill Tanner is right at this moment as we're speaking killing makes him speculation or who's
with him no let's do that a little bit later in the show let's go to Fort Lauderdale hello hello
yes Neil do you know of any talk shows out of Nashville North Carolina Ashville North Carolina
yeah no I sure don't praise a lot I know that WBT and Charlotte North Carolina used to have talk shows
on I don't know if they still do or not oh well I'll try them another thing what wait a minute
are you going to Ashville yeah well that's better than Nashville I'll send you that I'm going
there too oh boy well you get real religion up there I don't know how religious you are but once
you leave there oh yeah well I'll tell you one thing there are a lot of boobs in Nashville
how can I say that I don't know it's your dime man no I'm planning on having a new
Roger's fan club great down here boy all the people who use my material can join it
and all the only Chicago members great maybe Steve Dawkins join
well another thing if I have a plate and dick beyond it and that's the Atlanta bank in
Tamarack oh great do they give out free coffee in the Danish how we don't care about that
we're from Chicago okay and would be nice that we I could get all Chicago members and we can
call up the Neil Rogers fan club that's a great boy what we can call it the Wally Phillips fan club
now it's nothing but the Neil Rogers fan club great well maybe you'll bring all your members
to a Pemberk Pines to see me Smith Park next Saturday okay maybe I need members from there great
we're doing our whole show there next Saturday it's going to be talk me in your three all of our
staff is going to be there Kathy's going to be there in a family way and Taffy's going to be there
in a redneck way it's going to be great okay and we will be there in a Jewish way okay and Mike will
be there in a short fat way yes thanks for calling there now only kidding Mike why do we do that
why is it so easy to pick on poor Mike because Mike is a pickable person he just is he's one of
there's something indefinible about them you just want to pick on him all it's because of that
dentistry I don't boy Mike it's kind of like Mike Miller was calling me the town bully the other day
that just came back to me in that insipid conversation he was having with the caller and he was
talking about how some people have to be the town bully and they're always bullying everybody around
but that was before I redeemed myself with a show yesterday with a guy from the FCC I need some
help I don't know what you need but probably a job probably a job in fact there's a rumor that
yesterday was Mike's last day was Hollywood hello yes well there is now yes sir
Holly weird I'm a cab driver and I had to pull off the road yesterday I bet yes during the
your conversation with the general lending from the fascist censorship commission yeah
I'm hearing can I read some here it's called amendment one it's 200 years old go ahead sir
congress shall make no more respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise
there are or abridging the freedom of speech or the press or the right of people who are peaceably
assembled right into petition to government for redress of grievances yeah there's no asterix
in there exactly there are no exceptions and first of all when a supreme court ruled years ago that
the first amendment is an obscenity is not protected under the first amendment they're not they're
crazy I don't see any asterix I like that there are no exceptions you know right um I was in
the Vietnam and stuff and I would like to say I think you you're fighting for all freedom more
than I was there because we're not gonna loosen from the vietcong or the Russians that these
church bag bureaucrats are just gonna kind of nibble it away well nobody's paying attention
everybody wants to get that BMWs or their BM is the case maybe but you know that that's the thing
that amazes me is that and maybe I'm just in dream world but the rest of the broadcast at least
in this town the rest of the broadcast community doesn't seem to be up in arms I mean they're exploiting
it naturally because it's on a front page and something to talk about and get some calls on but
but in terms of really being up in arms they're not and a lot of them in a very selfish way as I
said earlier if it doesn't affect them or what they do they don't care about it but how about next
week or next year when the FCC decides that any vicious verbal attacks against politicians
or against the president are beyond the bounds of decent broadcasting and you know the year after
that when it's something else uh what can the people that are urinated off can I say that yes
what can we do about that what can we what can we do about it the only average you know the average
uh guy out there to just you know it this woke me up and it's trying to still look still on
freedom yeah well I was going to do about I was going to do something about that today but I'm
going to wait till Monday because I want to talk to somebody at the ACLU here maybe we'll
even get him on the phone and I realized that petition drives on something like this I don't
want to sound like Mike Miller petitioning for the Super Bowl but at least you know I mean if 69
letters can influence the FCC out of Philadelphia then I'm sure that thousands of other letters
ought to have an impact I'm not sure they will but at least they ought to
did you say 69 well if the guy from the FCC did yesterday although I noticed he was trembling when
he said it oh he tremble when you said dickhead oh yeah oh twice no but uh Monday really I mean
you know I mean there are people out here that are concerned about our freedom man and we know
we got a fight from these bureaucrat two spags can we can I say two spags you already did twice
isn't a three times like that really uh yet but wait a minute you see it's that constant repetition
of course of course the word has no meaning but I'm sure that some of those stuffy jerks up
your little thug one you can say in a bag thank you okay well it won't change it to that one but uh
you know I mean really we don't have the letter yet okay so you can say anything you like other
than those seven words because we don't have the letter yet there's long channels oh don't say
don't say any one of the seven I'll have to dump it although I'm not sure we can say dump anymore
either no oh no that's executory exactly that has a new colloquial meaning can you say uh bovine
feces or things like that bovine or feline or canine as a matter of fact just not human just not
human yeah let me know it's all my god which is you don't like cast oh oh I heard that yeah I
think that's the buzzer on a microwave okay sir have a nice day it's uh yeah that was
interesting what that's done 14 past noon at w-i-n-z Ernie Sochin is going to be having a Passover
satiron as showed us afternoon from two to seven uh with some of the original members from the
last supper so they're gonna make my time yeah exactly they're gonna be breaking uh and baking
let's go to Miami Beach hello oh Neil how are you okay sir uh Neil chronic uh I want to
speak louder but of course I want to address some things the winds chronic phonolar just went
off in my ear sir a guy from the FCC aren't you gonna bring me my medication sir I mean a few
weeks ago you were so concerned for my health and well-being that's right that's right okay I'm
going for not anymore one today you're going for one for blood test or diabetics see how my diabetes is
yeah but I I know I'll be a right because I don't need anything either way but let's forget that
sadness let's this guy from the FCC all I can say is all a game that's in cup and bread oh you
can't say that sir I know but he don't know what that mean I do because you know I want
to do to know yeah I don't know what these guys are gonna do next it's impossible already now
but them I don't know what the hell they're wrong with these people maybe it doesn't like that
or die just that too they're gonna put a nine seven six number on all the talk shows and trace
them from under coming to all right Neil listen take care of yourself and and you know you did a
good job yesterday fighting that guy okay good luck to
it's 1216 at w-1z that's the sound of South Florida breathing you know it's just barely how
long have I told you that South Florida needed some kind of a transfusion or maybe oxygen and you
can you can just tell by listening that they're just barely oh that was the tape we get at
Tanner's house okay okay let's go to Davey hello hello how you doing how you doing
Neil yes sir what's up what do you think about all this creditor pulling on you huh
did you say oh wait a minute did you say crud sir it's crud yeah did you say that to
appeal to the perian interest of the children who are listening in my audience yes crud is
something on the bottom of the toilet bowl how about that is this the tidy bullman yeah the tidy
bullman okay well so long as we keep it indigenous to your line of work sir there no problem well
it's not my line of work um I was the one who called you the first time with a huge bag
oh yeah the guy just stole that line he said that about uh 85 times you have to get that patented
yes it could be pat it's not patented that's right how about dog bow you let us say that let's not
see you know let's not get into a tinkling contest here today see what we can say and what we can't
because we can say any of it but it isn't going to serve any useful purpose so what's going to happen
now that nothing's going to happen I mean what's going to happen is a lot of us are going to raise
holy hell and the ACOU is going to take these morons to court and then we'll find out if the
dottering nine there in a supreme court have the guts to defend the first amendment or not well I
think uh I think we'll win the american people got to win if we don't forget it might as well not
even have a talk show or anything else exactly well if we lose I guess we just all you know other
than a leaf-fowler and birriang I guess the rest of us will all go home I guess you have to find
a different job then huh you bet that's terrible maybe I can be I follow you on the game last
I can be the roto-ruder man did you sir hey yeah I think you could uh you could get a good job
doing a sports telecaster okay I'm ready okay I think you really did a good job we'll see if we
can't spend some more productive time talking to somebody who is 1218 and wynz we have an open
line on the board I'm positive it's in brodered county 764 0707 this has been I'm not really sure
what I'm a little bit under the weather and we had a weird final game last night the hercane's
119 to 9 and I think ron Fraser's comment as he went to the mound in the ninth inning probably
captored very well and he said listen we got to get this over I'm going to sleep was his comment which
I thought he didn't realize his mic was on but ron never have two or words been spoken but it was
a good way to go out we won big and everybody was happy and we had a lot of shots of the cheerleaders
and the back girls and the ball girls and all of that good stuff I'm telling you those guys in the
truck man they're just in a constant did there huh did there oh that's all right you think you can
fill it in well I was just saying we recorded some of the conversation in the truck that goes on
between innings is the guys with the cameras are panning around the stadium okay let's do our
break is 1219 to wynz we'll come right back well in the new endeavors let's go to our next call
now in north Miami Beach hello you know I can't believe that Ken block is calling us again okay
oh there's no question in my mind about it there's not even the slightest bit of question
now I thought that we had a good hard to hard conversation with Saul on Monday and that we had
put this to rest but you know it's obvious there are some people in this community even adults
supposedly mature adults with responsible positions who don't care about them and that's amazing
I mean that's come Monday morning man the you don't think that was him I do
is a friend but I don't think that was him I know his voice
you know the way what there he goes he's still talking yeah he was still talking I should
left him on there a hollywood hello yes I just want to mention I agree with you on
that these ACLU should proceed with that and you're doing a good job and I hope that your
pills work for something I want to mention first unite on channel 10 they had Steve Paynot
asked him two questions yeah who should be responsible for a talk show's
words he specifically said management yeah that's because he's going to have to clean up his act
yeah that's who is he going to work for Cox Broadcasting and of course they change into
every half hour and and Bishop asked him yeah I said he said you know of any
talk show host in this area but use foul language yeah foul he says I couldn't mention that
I couldn't mention the station of the name why not I guess he didn't have a goddamn nerve
Steve is such a moron it's not even funny Steve is turning into a wimp right now the other thing
on the same program you talk go ahead sir we're listening doesn't let the pie the television to
yes allegedly okay all right how the hell did they get away with having a doctor holding a man's penis
with a new medicine trying to help him with infotency and if he couldn't do that they had a line of
penis implants line but they don't this guy in Washington to this crazy oh is that doctor killed air
now some doctor from the Miami Institute doctor's ocean
he was holding a man's penis it did not show the testicles there is legs or anything
inject in the medicine uh-huh what's it what was this on a regis film
okay on the regular news on the regular news
help me did I'm not touching that line sir no that's what I say on health beat
about the hell did they get away with it well I don't know you'll have to call in and find out
art Carlson art is very very into that the real technical uh kind of clinical stuff 25 past
noon at wynz we have an open line in brown or this has been a really interesting show yeah
764 0707 and brown or did let's go to Miami hello oh yeah yes sir uh I really enjoy that
heavy breeding disco uh trackie have there you know what that really is
get ready I'm waiting sir no no no I'm not I'm asking you're really asking is this serious yeah
I know who it is it's tour de France by um craft work really that sounds just like the backroom
the uh church it'd be an altar boy in the wnws's bathroom come really really huh yeah maybe
they were altering their voices they're altering something altering something like the guy with
a last call with a doctor yeah well that was true that thing on tv though that movie altered states
in fact is on a cable this weekend George South Carolina we you know this could go on forever sir
I mean it's just limitless material that you opened up the whole show's been this way I know it's
just like uh no beginning and no end it's like mankind this show really sick okay thank you sir
that was good that was pretty good call I'm not so sure he intended it to be but it turned out great
we have an open line and we asked what do you think channel 10's gonna do a three-company now boy
that show uh this fellow then it's a little bit alright that's one of the worst shows on tv man
that John Ritter I'm telling you they must have lead weights to keep him on the ground uh we're going
to candle next hello hello yes sir you know there's another factor to all of this what it's trying
let's go to Fort Lauderdale hello hello nil yes sir first time call a bit only because I listen
every week in the car great you know this morning you were talking about professor Corey how great he
was yeah well compared to him he's nothing compared to that episode from that cc who double talks
better than I know Corey personally is ago this episode double talk to you even more than Corey
could ever do no question about that but you know what the problem is the only wait a minute the
only difference is that Corey's funny and he wasn't yes unfortunately I have to agree with you but
you know the problem is he said he got 69 letters from Philadelphia yeah the rest of us sit on our
butts and we don't write in when we like something yeah well just wait till monday sir we're going to
start a letter writing we're going to have phone calls letters uh post cards we're going to be sending
bottles uh we're going to send Mike Miller up there with bags of cars anything we can do now
on your previous call it is was telling you about the penis in planal that that you know children when
they see of course health programs they know the difference obviously correct with a very
facetious tone I say that yeah yeah but I have to have seen that well I got to based on a medical
research and new discovery I got news for you though so wait a minute wait a minute sir I was
hello hello sir be slow down I know you're getting yourself excited but just one comment to you
again mr. McKinney in referring to children was talking about 12 to 17 year olds now if there
are any 12 or 13 year olds out there who have yet to see a penis uh good luck to them yeah that's
what I'm saying I'm not saying post impersonal necessarily but you know I used to be a distributor
or a year back in the early 70s and it was only to movie theaters legitimate movie theaters during
the deep throat days and all that yeah and I had dear friends and I escaped it that was
okay how's was it a prosecutor by the federal government uh with obscenity and I being arrested
in their homes because they shipped the piece of film to somebody I mean the laws were so ludicrous
as comparable to this and it took unfortunately about another 10 15 years before it finally got
to where I could show it in specific areas and so on but I think the radio is still 10 of 15 years
away this is the sad part about this thing okay sir well listen good luck to us all believe me you've
been a pleasure to me and my car for the last year and I love you for it thank you thank you
oh we got W snoozes calling over here well that's embarrassing okay what what is he doing
is he taking all of my calls away over here I think Fowler just put this back on hold would you please
go sit down and relax and have a wonderful life Hollywood hello I need to hide on tape okay
enjoy the show yes sir I thought you really tore the guy up I mean he he couldn't I don't know if
he couldn't answer because he didn't know or because he was probably told you know not to be
really specific about it like the whole lot right just being ambiguous about the whole thing but
I really enjoyed it and and I'm telling you it's you know you talk about the 1984 syndrome
it's really really coming to pass yeah just three years late you notice he kept interchanging
of sanity in decency and profanity yep we kept playing with those three words back and forth
and in and out and up and down and all around the mulberry bush you know what the hell is really
the difference you know I mean it's so ridiculous so I'll tell you what I mean maybe I'm stupid but
and you know it didn't seem to me that he'd define any of the three really to my status no and he
and he didn't he was no more specific about what it is that they're upset about or what they're
going to be looking for all he kept saying is that we're warning we're issuing you a warning
and all the broadcast is warning and if children are likely to be listening and he kept repeating
the times when they're most likely to be listening and then when I'd say to them well a three
in the morning can you say that he well it all depends on the intent and how you're channeling it
I mean you're right even even Erwin Corey has never given so much double talk
yeah really well you know and then you look at regular television the sitcoms and with the young
kids the teenage kids the 12 to 17 year old I mean look at the subject matter on that the only
thing they'll admit is the words everything else there's nothing left in your imagination anyway
well you see I do again I guess it's okay if you watch him do it but you just can't say it
exactly well you know I'll tell you what what's really bugging me here's the top or all of this
stuff you talk about the government fascism is a next year up to get to claim your children for
deduction they're going to have to have social security numbers okay it's like you're going to
have a number on you from the time of birth and you know that way the government's going to be
able to keep track of everything and I understand that William F. Buckley would like us to tattoo them
on their buttocks the social security number that's what my wife says she says well why don't you just
do like the Nazis they just tattoo you know from birth you know right there when the doctor
delivers the kid they just have to tattoo artists right there and put the number right on your
wrist you know I mean why not right okay good luck to us sir really okay 1232 at W.I.N.Z we have
an open line in brown and 764 07 07 I must say this that when you're not here ordinarily I'm not
quite so paranoid about every call but since you're here in the studio it's like every time we
punch a call off it's like touch and go this is the boy if some of these calls today I can't believe
this baby it sounds better at home we also want to say good morning to Alan ison son at W.S. News
we understand that Alan's suffering from terminal border today does he really call here and crank
he's he's done it before I know yes he's done it before I don't know I'm not asking about his
personal life I'm just asking if he is cranked both before yeah really kind of like that movie mass
appeal okay let's go to Pember Cines hello they are just want to raise a question if the
commission is so worried about what broadcast is going to stand here rather than then go after
people are using language that is obviously entertaining due to the ratings the generates what
about all by hate being spewed by most of the Spanish language radio stations here in South Florida
oh see they're not interested in content that would be the answer he would give you they are
not interested and I asked him that question you know Nazis can be on the air and clansmen and
hate groups and the most violent rotten obnoxious disgusting subhuman types of people who are whose
views are repugnant to the overwhelming majority of the public they don't care about that and they
don't care about in sight to riot just if you say douchebag it may offend some little lady
him exactly okay good luck to you sir okay police what's that you think that the whole F.C.
thing is going to be enforced uh you think everybody's going to be running all over the place sending
letters to self-help that doesn't go down here you think there's any over here oh man
I'm going to tell you they're going to have the other one in century village oh he said douchebag
by thimes today and he said chuch-bag six times and his collar is said mong I mean they don't
even know what the hell these words mean or how they're being used and right away you know it's the
war of the words again this is so juvenile and so embarrassing and so pathetic and as I said
before and I really know I know that almost everybody in this business listen to this show
religiously I am going to tell you something anyone in this business and radio or television and
any capacity who supports the F.C.C. decision and beyond that who doesn't fight against it with
every ounce of energy in his or her body is a moron because again it has nothing to do with what
you say in your show or your performance or your newscaster anything else it has to do with allowing
more of our freedoms to be taken away and I got news for you baby once they take them away you're
never going to get them back the F.C.C. should worry about but better things because some of these
illegal stations are playing all those words and everything that I played it to display look at
this talk about quick action the folks in broward have already called to put me on notice already
this morning in terms of their setting letter I just said so I hope they have a wonderful time I
hope you folks I you know again it'll keep you off the streets and probably reduce the crime rate in
Broward County because it's going to keep all of them misfits busy inside typing and writing and
how can it wait it'll probably do just as much good is that petition drive to get me off the air
in Helen Dale just like this
22 before 1 at W.I. and 0 we're here till 2 o'clock when I'm going to be out running the 440 and
Ernie Sochin is going to be here he's going to be broadcasting live from Tel Aviv today on
the satellite let's go to North Miami hello hello mr. Rogers yes sir I just was wondering
if you if you want to spell an objection or word would you be in violation with the new code
yes it would be in violation oh sure because they would say that you're only doing it for the
purpose of being vulgar so even you know whether you spell it or say it all I say I just I like just
want me to take the counter like that could be used well you know it's I enough to law but you see
here's the point the point is and this is the point that you're making is that we're dealing with
such nitpicking and somatical games that they're playing now that it's hard to say it who knows exactly
what they're looking for it just gives me the feeling now that they want to be big brother and they're
looking for any excuse they can to stifle free speech wherever they want they know question that
they want to get Howard Stern off the air no question in my mind they want the man off the air
it's probably the other radio station and and you know if they want to get out of the air can you
imagine the tombop I mean here's a guy who's the most listened to personality in a in a market of 12
million people can you imagine the public response if they should try to take this guy off the air
sure good yep they'll be marching on the FCC they'll towering feather these guys you know in
Washington I don't think so well they have to be defined of the law one way or the other someone
has to stand up to them and I thought maybe I will suggest and yeah rather than say I'll tell you
I'll tell you one thing nothing is changing on this show and I'm not I don't think that I go over
the line although there's some of the little old bags out there in the audience should do but there's
nothing going to change on this show okay thanks for calling okay the mob those are the ones sending
the letters not the mafia but the miserable old bags that's the acronym mob and we've got so many
of them done here in South Florida they're the ones who get all bent on a shape about the
FCC's address Monday we're gonna do that Monday we're gonna start a barrage the likes of which no
one is ever seen maybe even last year will participate in that why are you looking at that phone
like you'd like to impale it with some very sharp bloody object okay let's move on to Hollywood
hello hello yes okay I want to bring you up to date on something technically that can be
avoided with the FCC and their problems typically that happened a few years back in Holland that only
if you're familiar with what's known as radio Veronica no okay their FCC in Europe was also trying
to control and what they did was they simply put a transmitter which the FCC actually license here
a transmitter they don't license the talk show host or their radio announcers so what can be done
it put a transmitter out three miles out the Miami and transmit and they can't have any control
over that radio station since it's not there that's that's not true they've done that pie we've had
pirate radio stations all over the place and it's just not legal and as soon as they find out who's
doing it they put them right out of business not no the FCC is slowing that it's been on for no
there's one there's one down here I'm not gonna mention anything about it but uh
for just saying the FCC has control oh yes outside of the three mile away the FCC has one guy I
spoke to lady over there he works from here all the way for like all the way up to Key West about half
the floor to that one guy or if you call in the complaint here there's one guy to check out the
complaints so they're like three times yeah I say as soon as they can find out who's doing it
you know but again how quickly that happens is another story that could take years just slow
well how about uh but what's that like training but one point down on earth yeah well wait a minute
one point you're missing is that this is a commercial enterprise okay and it's not very likely
that somebody is going to go to the lengths to start a pirate radio station on a ship and sell
advertising has been done by the way but I mean it's just such a preposterous notion that somebody
is going to go into a profit making business like this in addition to which all of the people who
hold broadcast licenses allegedly are responsible broadcasters and they're not going to you know
go out of their way to do something to violate the law and to jeopardize their license
I don't quite understand that if the FCC can control outside of three mile limit today control
satellites and all satellite transmissions sure they do phones and they do you bet naturally
internationally no not internationally but we do have international agreements there are cooperative
agreements there are some countries like Cuba for example which violates which will not
you know cooperate with international broadcast law but most we are taking up their transmissions
right I beg your pardon we are picking up their transmissions sure and they're trying they and they
jam American signals the best they can well listen if he has his way he and vana white can
start their own station what can I say I can't believe that this is a celebrity caller on this line
hello hello yes I need a little bit better build Tanner Tanner in the afternoon or the just barely
past morning I call them twice wait a minute you called him twice when he was on hot one of five
doing mornings yeah yeah but it's very hard to get on your show in the morning 96 well you
guys are very entertaining with first of all I want to agree basically with Neil that anybody in
this business and God knows I've been in and got a lot of great hairs through it for 30 years
anybody who doesn't agree with what you said about people in this business being alarmed yeah
hoarding you bet your position that you have voiced today and although I didn't hear your show
Friday I did hear from everybody in the broadcast community you all right the broadcast community
listens to Neil Rogers you bet and thank God they do well I'm really glad to hear that because I
and you know coming from you and I could have predicted your position because I know that you
believe as I do that the commission has absolutely no business getting involved in content or language
or any of this and the idea that they're now trying to make more and more restrictions and in
fringe upon a freedom we already have is absolutely unacceptable and I keep hearing the word
chilling being used and I would agree with that I think maybe it's an understatement but it is a
chilling ruling because it's you know it's a stroke of fascism it chilled me because I was just
thinking about the things that I say and don't say for years I sit on the answer of how are you
upset how are yours yeah over folks right yeah well again you know and this is what I tried to get
from James McKinney yesterday I said look what are we talking about when you say sexual in you window
or a suggestive material I mean those are such broad nebulous terms that can mean almost anything
and I said hey listen suppose somebody makes a joke about Dolly Parton's boobs with foot that fall
into the category and he says well again it depends upon the context in which it falls what the hell
does that mean I know exactly what you're saying my question is how far do you think this will really go
I don't I don't have a crystal ball but I do know that now is the time for people to
to protest every responsible ballsy person in this business has got to say no way Jose and I know
you know the ACLU has already said that they're gonna you know they're gonna test it and they're
gonna fight it all the way to the Supreme Court and I think we need to do it now because whether
a person likes Howard Stern or Neo-Rongers or Bill Tanner or anybody else is not relevant you
know as well as I do there are lots of people out there right now who'd like to get you off the
air like to get me off the air and certainly a lot of old prunes who'd love to get Stern off the
air absolutely but that is not the point the point is what it's going to do and exactly what you
said a few minutes ago about what happens when the next thing or one of your callers said what
happened next thing yeah uh to be regulated is what the president says or what the FCC says or what
somebody that you just don't don't like period says yeah that and there are a lot of implications
to go beyond Howard Stern and what they've done here with the Howard Stern in the Pacific
cases I think is they're using a bazook if anything to give them the very most that they can have
they're using a bazooka to kill a fly and the fly is our first amendment right but also what they've
done and I really believe this firmly in talking to this guy yesterday and listening to the other
comments it had been passed they're licking their wounds really because they lost I mean they had
the hearing and they didn't beat Stern and they didn't beat infinity broadcasting on that so now
what they've done is say hey we know that you were clever and we know you didn't say any of the
seven words so now we're going to make such a wide generalization and then we'll wait till Monday
when you get back on the air and morality and media and all these other jackasses are going to
monitor now we're going to nail you what's also the Reagan administration's legacy they've got years
more of of nothing so they're going to leave us with this no question about it you're a morning
showing specific like some of the jokes that you make about the dog six are you going to be
changing that or anything like that I'm with Neil I'll of course I'll do with the management
of the radio station ownership absolutely insists on doing because they have to keep their
license the old point about this being a commercial business that's the chilling effect right
there but do I want to do I think it's necessary do I think I should absolutely not I might
Neil don't change a thing and protest and if you're in this business and you don't take the
stance you're a damn wimp well I really would like to see all of us get together all you know I was
disappointed reading Fowler's comments this morning but I guess that's to be predicted but I hope
that a lot of us in this market and I know that people like Jerry Williams I had Jerry on yesterday
and many others will join forces in doing whatever we can to stimulate a lot of letter writing and a
lot of phone calls and work with the ACLU and and beat the hell out of this thing because you know
to think that just a small handful of people can dictate what is free speech and what is not or
dictate what our contemporary broadcast community standards is ludicrous you know as well as I do
community standards are not definable you know any time you got a community of more than one person
there are no community standards of course well I'll tell you one thing here's one person who
stands ready to do whatever I can to help you and you have a standing invitation to be on my
show and promote the cause and tell me what's excellent I'll talk to you next week thank you thanks
a lot Bill Bill Tanner of Power 96 and hopefully I'm sure that our people here of course the problem
at Zeta 94.9 they're not talking yet right but I'm sure that we can put some kind of messages on
there because everybody in the market really needs to get together everybody with balls that is
and say listen you're not going to intimidate us and you're not going to tell us what we can say
and start defining because again the seven words were bad enough I never agreed with that
but okay we can live without them as childish as it was we could live without them and I really
thought that as of the other day they were going to say hey listen it's childish deregulation is
gone very far we're just going to be we're going to be babysitters we're going to watch to make
sure you don't overmodulate you don't interfere with somebody else's signal we're going to make
sure you don't run any phony contest and we're going to make sure that the licenses are held by
responsible people and other than that go do your own thing because that really is what free speech
in the first amendment is all about and instead of that now they have all of these vague and ambiguous
and nebulous contradictory statements and is it going to be sexual material is it Dr. Ruth is
it Fred shots you know again it's just an attempt on the part of prudes and prunes in this country
to stamp out sex I guess that's their SOS campaign stamp out sex you can do it but you can't
talk about it and of course the moral majoritarians they can do it but nobody else can even think
about it and it's just absolutely intolerable and unacceptable and Joseph Girbels is alive and
well in the United States today in Washington so I'm really excited that Bill Tanner called
and I'm hoping that we'll get some other people in the business who've got some guts you know we're
going to respond exactly the way that he did yes sir the stations that will not say such as Mr.
Snues they don't have anybody on there right now we'll even go into that maybe Alwell so basically
I think the Alistairn Alistairn Alistairn Alistairn Alistairn they're not going to be worried about
that because nobody on that station will do that so Leo just basically our management over
they'll use that to their advantage yeah but again see the broader point is Tanner pointed out
that that isn't really relevant what happens in a couple of years or in the next year before Reagan
is out what happens when they say okay and of course keep in mind the new commissioner of the FCC
is a right-winger appointed by Reagan what happens when they say okay no more derogatory comments
about politicians they are no longer public figures in the traditional sense that they always have
been and the no longer can you make these outrageous statements etc. about the president about the
vice president who knows what they could say you know they are doing these things arbitrarily they're
making out these rules as they go along and as the gentleman who called before who read the first
amendment which is very brief very simple there is no asterisk there are no exceptions it doesn't say
well you can't yell fire in a crowded theater you know even that even that is marginal all right
and we do understand about the libel and slander laws and there's nobody who debates that because
if you defame somebody else and you ruin their reputation in livelihood or life whatever
wait nobody would debate that from a legal standpoint but in terms of just being able to speak
what's on your mind and there's another thing that really bugs me too because a lot of people
including some in this business and I'm embarrassed by some of the comments including some of Craig
Worthings this morning I'm ashamed of him you know the idea that there are people who come on
the air and just want to tell it like it is and just either from a sense of humor or just outrage
or satire whatever it is and just want to speak like real honest to goodness human beings it's got
nothing to do with pandering for ratings now stern yes stern does that whole stick for a reason it's
an act that attracts an enormous audience it's done very specifically for a reason but I don't think
that everybody who comes on the air and makes uses a particular phrase to be expressive or to be
outrageous I don't think it's done the pander for ratings and I'm really getting tired of hearing
that term every time you do something that you think is innovative or interesting or outrageous or
different or new he's pandering for ratings well what the hell are we here for are we here to lose
are we here to turn off the audience they're looking they're looking they don't like creativity to
just want exactly what they want us to go back like Gary Owen's on laughing that he put the hand
over the air and in tone for the audience good afternoon ladies and gentlemen in fact this jerk this
a fine who was on Larry King show a couple of nights ago with I'mus he says well you know listening
to the content of some of these programs we're discussing it's certainly not edifying or
informative you know as if everything that has to be on the air is edifying or informative is
moonlighting informative or edifying is Friday the 13th part three edifying it's entertainment 99
percent of what goes on in radio and television is entertainment even the night the news has become
entertainment at the local level me shells there with the earrings and she's winking and blinking and
the the weatherman is dancing around like a clown and Lloyd Lindsay Young on W.O.R. is on on on speed
or something it's entertainment this not you see here's a group of pseudo intellectuals taffy ought to
love this thing I'm sure she probably agrees with them uh pseudo intellectuals looking down their
noses and telling us that we have to look down at the public you know how far down can you look
what am I getting excited about it seven before one it wins we'll come right back
it's four minutes before one at W.O.R. I'm so positive you have no idea okay let's go to my
Emmy next hello hello yes oh Neil this is a long time listener in a first time caller and I have
to congratulate you on the stance that you're taking and Mr. Tanner as well I think you hit it
right on the head that it's that it's Ronnie Bay's legacy you know leaving us and if anybody is
doing any pandering it's there is administration's pandering to these for the right wing fanatics
absolutely you know far right to the religious right all of you they talk with it's dangerous
e-dick that they came down with and that these these old cronies over there are nothing more than
political hacks and and appointees by the Reagan administration and they're the ones that are
trying to tell us what we can listen to what we can see on television instead of allowing us to
make up our own minds what's uh... folder what's obscene the supreme court can't decide what's
obscene the communities themselves can't decide what's obscene and all of a sudden these guys are
going to tell us what's uh... what's vulgar and what we can or what we cannot hear yeah and I'm
afraid the only way that uh... that anything is going to change on this without any kind of a
public here which which if people don't raise up on this then they deserve what they get okay
but i want to remind you something when it meets and all those letters out from the department of
justice threatening all the you southland corporation seven eleven stores about playboy in pet house
there was no i cry from the public and the only people are really got excited about it were all
the fundamentalists who were in a feeding frenzy and low and behold southland cave dynne and they
took them off the stands and this is just another example of the same kind of thing intimidate intimidate
intimidate clean up your act and of course what most of these people are doing behind the scenes like
jim baker and jesse cahana you know that's okay
well i think that southland is in a bit of a different position than than people like you because you
have the the public here and if enough of the broadcasters and i think it's absolutely
unconscionable that people like leaf hour can go along if anybody goes along with this kind of uh...
of a ruling they got to be out of their mind for the other side of the special in his case because
his station is in all talks they're a shape of form with a ruling like that yeah okay sir
but you know that's really a major point that's an all talk station with the exception of their
morning program and for that stations program director to be parroting and kissing the butt
of the commission on this is really one of the most gutless acts anyone could imagine
our lean rosa standee white out she's got the exciting local and re news headlines i can tell she's
excited about it right now or news from cbs and one we'll come back at one oh six and then
ernie sochin is going to be doing a show for make a buts from two to seven
rushing through rush hour then count on us to rush up everything you need to know
ninety four news wins w i m v i m e fourth lot of day
your rangers on ninety four news wins if you'd like to call Neil
dial seven six four oh seven oh seven in brodered or six two four oh one nine one in date
and now here again is Neil Rogers okay it's one oh six w one z we just had nice talk with
sandy patent during the news break sandy is okay she got out of the trunk and i understand she'll
be back on here on monday okay let's go back to the calls we have one open hour to go we've had
a popo re of real bizarre stuff here today i guess is the best way to put it tamarack hello
all right you know yes sir how you doing okay you say what you say what sir
i was watching opera yesterday well it obviously affected you
first time in my life i got out of school and i sat down and uh because they were talking about
the uh we had to say we're going to have some outrageous radio personalities on
on Oprah one for sure so i'm thinking oh wow i get to see how it's done right get to see
you know somebody really outrageous and i suspect that it would probably you weren't on it because
apart from uh your feelings for Oprah uh i i didn't i didn't uh here you mentioned anything but
no i heard they had fun it they couldn't find anybody exciting in this market so they put sunny
fox on here wouldn't believe it yeah you had sunny the out you know and i guess the people
watching the show are thinking these are the most outrageous people on the radio yeah as a matter
of fact i heard just a rumor i didn't see the show i heard sunny started eating a banana in the middle
of the show and the fdc demanded they get him off camera well i mean this it was on first of all
they bleeped out suck can you believe that on the show they bleeped it out with an s yeah okay that
that's that's what i thought you said yes i could i first of all that that's and then Oprah was
having a nervous breakdown anytime one of the guys will start talking about one of their outrageous
things and these are the you know they asked one of the guys what was the most outrageous thing you
ever did and he says oh i i put it up for lease report that uh my air air guitar was stolen
i mean that is the most out you know that was stupid that wasn't outrageous that's pretty heavy
stuff i said i got arrested that was stupid while sunny couldn't get arrested that's his problem
and and uh you know and what do we get as a representative of my amia guy that looks like he's on
drugs you know and sounds like he's on drug and it looks like it too and acts like he's on drug can you
do his imitation guys again uh you know more and more closed but that's the thing about this
scares me the most uh during the the era of the millivorous california case which which is
which is by the way a pornography case yes feeling with the airways or anything uh
justice potter steward who uh who was one of the three justice who retired recently from the
spring court over the next 20 years uh he said they asked him you know how do you how can you tell
obscenity yeah he says i don't i can't define it but i know it when i see it right and that's the
danger is part about this yeah it's ridiculous i know it when i see it and the fc knows that when
they see it or they they know it when they don't like it yeah and they know they know profanity
and indecency when they hear it they can't define it because we found out in that incipit
interview yesterday that they can't define anything but they know it when they hear it so they're
not going to tell us what it is but when they hear it they'll let us know and they'll come after us
well that that uh that uh that uh mr. mccanley that you were talking to he must have been an
attorney because uh William mccanley former president sir president well he might uh
hopefully he won't before the same fate as the William mccanley of the past but uh sounded like
he already had yeah uh the thing is you know i i i go to university of my army law school and
and that kind of reasoning that he was using uh was was just you know it was just patent legal reasoning
it was patently offensive right right as he would say that that guy would have gotten an A in
any basic maneuvers in uh you know in trial tactically yeah i think there's probably something
Freudian or at least significant otherwise in the fact that both he and uh professor quarry were on
you know in the same day well what what tell me what can you say about uh a scholar the guy agrees
with this thing i can't i couldn't believe that either well again because he's a professional butt
kisser and he just uh and it's interesting to me because there was a caller who questioned him
about it the other day when i got off the ear and uh he was dancing all over the place and on the
one hand uh he was saying that there are people to go over the line but on the other hand he was
defending his uh childish sex pulls that he's been taking and have you done it on the ceiling and
did you do it in the car and in the backyard did you do it on the floor on the wall you know so i
guess that's okay and that's in good taste but if somebody uses a little bit of language in order
to be comedic or in order to make a satirical comment and that's uh that's naughty and we ought to
you know we ought to applaud the fcc the guy's a hypocrite and a jerk and he ought to be arrested
for imitating a broadcaster what's the problem in here and this this this is this is our whole society
especially uh during the Reagan administration that they just don't want the truth because that's
your problem you know you you you get down and you say the things the way they are and you say
the truth and i know a lot of people tell you that you do that and and and that's true i feel
and that's the problem with this basically this all gets down to let's not let the people know
what's actually going on we're not going to let the people know that most of these kids that they're
trying to protect are using words twice as bad as the ones they want to ban and and probably
are chaining them together in addition to it let's not even you know i said that to the other day
but let's go beyond that words don't hurt anybody words are just they're just what they are they're
words and they're only as meaningful as we make them and if we give them this added significance and
we we cloak them in all of this gigantic shroud of mystery and vulgarity and all of this other
that's when it becomes something beyond what they are words are just means of expression nothing more
nothing less right well i think i think uh that that uh there's a little exception to that words
don't hurt anybody the words that the Reagan administration and and the all of their cronies are
using the words to get out of of responsibility and the lies and and and and and yeah but again
that's the intent behind them it's not the words themselves it's the intent behind the rulings
and they're they're just getting out of all these you know problem and they can use words but well
i just you know i just think that this whole thing is is it's like you say it's going to happen
the ACLU is going to get down on them they're going to have a test case which the ACLU is an expert
at doing is is setting up a situation and getting somebody to sue and setting up a test case yeah
and and they're going to take it up there and and the problem is this you got O'Connor you got
Rankquest as Chief Justice you got Scalia and you got Justice uh Steven who who all three of these
all four of these guys you know all you need is one more swing boat yeah got you know and then
that's the best yes you see is one thing setting up an administrative rule but when the supreme
court comes down and lays down a ruling that they've been itching to lay down since
millivirt is California it's gonna it's gonna really it's gonna really affect the market well let's
just cross our fingers yeah okay and get our passports ready too by the way 113 that w and z we have
an open line in brown at 764 all you seven oh seven we start saying that in this hour because
Ernie show is less than an hour away plantation hello hello Neil yes sir how you doing good uh had a
couple remarks I've written down here I just want to tell it to you in fruit cake the uh the problem
this is so widespread that the uh numbers also have a problem like take for it for instance the
number 69 which he mentioned several times yesterday yeah that's also could be sexually whatever
right no well not in his mind because he's one of those clean period tanical individuals he probably
doesn't even know what that means but in somebody's mind is listening to it they could think that
and be offended so absolutely it could be certainly suggested if they're offended and that means
that they know what the words that's this silly I mean you know the words and I know the words
yeah again you know I could I'm painfully offended by what he said on the radio yesterday
right you bet right so also that would give the weatherman a big problem because they couldn't say
the temperature is 69 they'd have to say it's between 68 and yeah somewhere between 68 and 70
and we have another problem because we also have the number eight which could also be sexually
thought of and uh he'd have to say what's between seven degrees and nine degrees which would get rid
of kaya ocho also yeah yeah there's so many different things uh in fact I'm thinking of getting
a little bleep tone and putting it on a cart well I figured out a name to rename the FCC
is it something we can say on the year sir absolutely but you it might be patently offensive
to somebody as they could think of it as a sexual undertone so yeah you could call it the Richard
Craneum communications company or whatever yeah that's okay you could say Richard Craneum
but they don't like you to say the other word right so I just forget I bring those up and let you
roll them around in the maybe starper rumor that they're gonna change today okay I'll get off the air
good luck to you and of course we certainly and I mentioned this before I could not refer to
a president Nixon as tricky dick anymore because that obviously could be patently offensive and be
considered as a sexual innuendo or as suggestive material suggestive of what why don't they just
come out and say look can't talk about sex anymore dr. Ruth has got a lot of money goodbye go spend
it have a wonderful life Fred shots hey listen it's been nice but goodbye all of you people we just
don't discuss sex on the air anymore because children might be listening and this is the same
government where the Neanderthal right wing surgeon general who's like a guy they a lot of a cage
see a word coop even he has said that we have to start dealing honestly with kids about sex and
AIDS and all of these things at a very early age even on the end of a Creighton like him has said
that and the same administration says in essence don't talk about sex because kids might hear about
in the countries where they do they don't do not for example in the middle east they they would run
the uncut versions of films rated on rated on movies during during primetime like dirty Harry
and the pregnancy rate over there I mean where I go to school I mean I you know you know it's like
pretty girl pregnant down in the hallways is something common in every day but over there I have
not as far as I know and I know a lot of people where I come from in the middle east they don't
have those kind of problems over there the kids are more open with their parents and all this hiding
of it makes them more curious that's at least what I think women did you say middle east oh he's
going to be earnings yesterday no wonder he came in here I wondered okay we got some celebrity
caller standing by Ron Harrison good afternoon good morning good evening how you doing good how are
you into the conversation and of course I called you yesterday after you got out the yard I didn't
want to call and tinkle on you on the air but that was a great piece of radio yesterday thank you
and you stood very tall and it's time for the sports casters and the other people in the median not
just the talk show host to get behind this and do something this is the most frightening chilling
thing that I can recall in all my years in broadcasting and you know there's a guy named Jerry
Thomas of instance an adi who gives the punchlines to dirty jokes at the end of every hour and he
says if you missed some of the jokes this last hour and he hits punchlines which are absolutely
you know antiseptic they don't say anything yeah if you know the choke it's a very dirty choke and
it's very funny with those I also be banned you know you take a look at that thing what they're doing
is they're probing and they're trying to exercise mind control and it's beyond belief and I heard
Tanner say a little bit earlier how far is this going to go and I heard the the idiot McKinney from
the FCC on who just barked the the end of the line that they yeah are starting putting down he
said well I don't think we're just going to go out and start but the point is this we've had a
breakdown in the search and seizure laws they are now allowed to do roadblocks all of this has
come about under the Reagan administration and while they haven't pushed it to the limit they
can and that's the scary thing yeah it's unbelievable it's absolutely frightening and by the way
there's a message Kyle just put on the screen dapy's callers yesterday uh said that they
thought it was wonderful hearing me be put in my place by mr McKinney of the SEC that's a
giving idea of where that crowd is coming from you know again these pseudo intellectual snobs
and of course we know that they would never use any of their these words in their day in and day
out of fears they ought to hear some of the jokes that he's told me off the year would make them
grow new hair on their head you know but again you know be a hypocrite I guess is what it's all about
when you're off the year speak one way in the real world operates one way and when we're on the
year we're supposed to be in fantasy land I guess well what happens is as I told you you really
what you should have done is set the interview up a little bit and said hey here it is again and
plate it back and you ought to do that some time and let the people hear how they see the man was he
had no answers yeah the vagueness the vagueness is what's scary because they can interpret anything
and that what they're saying is well the government's going to read your mind and if we can read
your mind you're in real trouble and it's a America ought to get up I heard another guy say well
if we don't do anything about this then we deserve it we know that's a that's a damn poor attitude
if we don't do anything about it then we deserve it enough are we going to do something about
I'm on I'm on board with you tell okay we're going to do something about it you watch right we are
and this is something that has to be done this is really an infringement on free speech okay
and as you say you can't get a little bit pregnant you can't infringe a little bit on
free speech are you there infringing or you're not okay Ron thanks a lot see you Monday
another celebrity caller G Michael McCay is standing by Mike how you doing pretty good Neil
you're right on with this whole subject absolutely I heard Tanner's call before and I won't try
to one up and but rather one also every broadcaster in this town should be on the phone with you
today and every broadcaster should be lining up behind you we've all got our asterisk can
it say asterisk sure up until we get the letter yeah right until Monday then you can only say
to risk the Reagan regime really is coming in at us hard right now and it's time for all the broadcasters
to really get behind you something has to be done and that means everybody needs a rally it can't
just be like the 7-11 that you pointed out before everybody rolled everybody rolled over and played
dead on that and you know again life isn't going to end because you know you can go to
the records and buy playboy or penthouse or whatever but the bottom line is that every time people
do roll over and play dead and allow one more nail to be in a coffin it's just it's it's just
it's a pattern that sooner or later is going to become irreversible absolutely I'd like to
be access to the hot 105 morning show as well for whatever gets going and please feel free to call
and me to help out I hope every broadcaster including the Rick Shaw's and the Lee Fowlers and
everybody gets behind you too when they start to realize that it's their asterisk as well
excellent we're going to do it this week come Monday and I'll be in touch with everybody and we'll
say hopefully the majority of the people get on the bandwagon all right and by the way one question
is not happy is a sticky gooey substance that gets dragged between the fingers right exactly
legitimate to use or will she have to change her name Monday well her show has been rated up
seen on this show on this station for a long time but we'll see what happens Monday all right
see you later oh my may have to send her to turkey to West End Bull buddy McCall
Turkish Taffy okay it's 21 past 1 at W.I. and Z and it's great to hear from some people in
the business as Jerry Williams would say and hopefully you know what's going to happen with
the people over at Fowler station I mean are they all going to have to roll over and play dead
too because pop it right now because pop a Lee says hey it's a great ruling in Jefferson pilot
says this I mean if we got a lot of cowards out there we're sure going to fight out about it
in the next few days who knows what evil lurks in the stelas of embassies find out Saturday at
two when we discuss thigh tech with author Graham Yoast this is Ernie Sochin sees that at
eight two it's the great spy in the sky with Ernie Sochin this afternoon the Jewish spies of course
it's 25 minutes past one at W.I. and Z at Ernie he's incredible he comes in here with tons of
halva and I've never seen anything like it in my life okay where we going next to Miami hello hi
well this has been a great program and so glad all the professionals have been calling in
when I first heard about this ruling it didn't really sink in and I thought so what if
if the student can't say genitals over the radio or something like that you know there's
no really threat to anyone well not only that but more he starts thinking about it they might
decide you know that it's a downer for kids to hear about nuclear accidents they might feel that
you know like assassination uh...
helpless at the CIA has printed up like those are very down depressing things and that children
might not need to hear about that I mean this thing could go on and on and and what is
odd about it it's totally against Reagan's hands off business policy no regulations towards
business let's see but obviously that's the way it's always been with the with a far right
in other words right let big business do anything they want to do in their fear but when it comes
to individuals and their private lives and personal choices that's when big brother start stepping
in into the bedroom into the radio into the tv set anywhere they can get in and when have you ever
heard that sixty nine letters could have made an impact to cause an investigation yeah
is not incredible in the fourth largest market in the country in fiddle and alfia which has about
five or six million people sixty nine letters and again i'm going to check it out but the rumor is
that sixty three of them were unsigned uh... are enough to cause them to have a hearing to take action
against the broadcast about this meal with all this uh... ptl or pat roberton with their very
sophisticated computer i think they take hold of this thing which which this just sounds like it
really uh... extra chromosome republican type thing you know uh... they could get their members
to start mailing out thousands of letters oh you bet that's a very good point that i can just see
fall well especially now that he's got two empires going at the same time so i i want every listener
to think about it cause are not going to do any good and i despise writing letters but i will write
a letter on this i mean right to letters once for me once my house and maybe another one for my
son because i think this happens to be a very very important thing well what i want i'm going to do
monday i'm going to we're going to draw petition forms and what i would like to see is broadcasters
all over the country these are going to be you know on radio station letterhead they're just going
to be petition forms signed by american citizens all over this country absolutely and they are
we are going to petition the fcc to reverse that ruling and to stop infringing upon freedom of speech
and stop interfering in content you know again it's freedom of choice if people want a censor
it's an individual basis if you don't want to watch something turn it off if you don't want to listen
to something turn it off if you don't want to read something turn it off if you don't want your
children to see or hear it take it away from them or turn it off censorship must be individual
it can't be done by the government exactly and if people really want to get smart besides
writing to the fcc and going along with your petitions anyone that sponsors any of their favorite
radio or television programs they ought to write them i don't care if it's g-e or whatever because
letters count to these people say we we like this program keep sponsoring it
yeah and of course the sixty-nine letters caused them to have this hearing and we're able to
send them hundreds of thousands or even millions of signatures from all over america and they
and they ignore it then how are they going to justify that the churches are going to get
right behind this yeah you bet and and they all got your credit they're mailing list yeah okay
actually nice talking thanks a lot how many people on the fcc commission i think five isn't
five five neither thaws there was a unanimous vote well somebody must have some influence over
there i i mean it could be their life maybe they're uh
yeah one five another five of them so it's basically just five this thing those five people's
opinions and that what probably i think this is just my opinion i think it's this whole thing
is going to be abused and you're going to have everybody who doesn't like so-and-so we're going
to write in about him oh no question about it that they're going to i think they're probably
going to let go of it without you doing a petition but that would be a good idea well but this
is what i told this guy yesterday uh mcennan i said to him look now you're opening up this
pandora's box you had 20,000 letters from a country of 250 million people last year which is
really nothing now you're going to have perhaps millions of letters and here as you already know
the staff is minimal to nonexistent the Reagan you know budget has eliminated most of the staff
from the fcc so they really don't have to wear with all of the manpower to deal with most of these
complaints how in hell are they egg going to continue monitoring the signals and do the things they
ought to be doing at a technical standpoint and be be able to get into the legal ease of handling every
single complaint can you imagine the number of logger tapes i mean they're going to have tape
warm at the fcc by the time they get through with the tapes they're going to be tapes of every damn
show that's ever been invented and some that haven't even gotten on the air yet by the time they
get through with this and how are they going to find and you know what this reminds me of it's
like the judges who watch the pornography tapes oh do they have a good time managers they come
at wonderful they lock themselves in and when they come out it's unbelievable after they come out
about five days in seclusion it's uh...
is ready to pass out
all those old parts of the man getting their last gas
well it's just unbelievable this is going to be the same thing we're going to have a bunch of old
senile parts in washington listening to tapes of howard stir and saying dickhead and uh...
neorodger saying douchebag whatever else it is they're listening to and they're going to be sitting in
it's just going to be like confession in the catholic church man tapes going to be playing on one
side and they're going to be on the other side
kindle hello hello yes sir the morning i'd be suggesting one idea they might try i mean uh...
if you use power broadcasting so the kind of large network with a lot of people that call
from all over the nation not just broadcast but people who just
are out there listening and watching television that have their
opinions on racially i mean i'm not sure if you're paying them what they think could be done
about pension broadcasting what should what should be done there for the people talk well
because i don't uh... i don't think you should let us know that we're working on
the real reason for everything to be said
okay sir well listen we're going to try to interpret that and uh... we'll see if it
needs to be censored not i'm sure that the intention was good but i uh... uh...
no comprande candle hello this may that's you
me all of the listening to you for three years and this is the first time i've crawled
i'm a sports nut and when i'm really desperate nothing on you know when he is
t-in is running reruns of the national figure skating championships
i will put on tbs and watch the Atlanta braids baseball game right
and those announcers i guess they should be endorsed by the insomniac of america
can really put you to sleep and i think that you will apply for the job
of baseball announcer for the uh... tbs network except i have a warning for you
because i've heard you on the hurricane games before
and and more often than not i've heard you referred to
to nine strikes as balls
all you can't say that anymore
especially if the count is two and oh
exactly all boy are you in trouble and about pop up pop up the high-flies
just leave appealing to the purine instincts that you
period baseball yeah well i'm glad you know as much as i enjoyed doing a
hurricane's game in a way i'm relieved i last night was the last telecast as i
can't say the catchers name anymore after i get the letter
all that's right
done the
i guess we'll have to change his name to decency or something
you have to take the lot off something like that
also i've heard i've heard i think on one occasion
i heard you referred to a double is a two-bagger and i almost
i know what you would try to say
and it didn't i heard you say one of the thing and i don't understand the
in your end i'm not well that's a bit indicated
but you were talking about a split-fingered pitch
and to me it just smacked the vets and i mean i wasn't sure exactly what that
is but maybe you can explain that to me now no two graphics here would probably
be patently offensive to many of our century village
list news if i think that mike scott is going to have to eliminate that
pitch from his reputory after monday yeah
that it comes out because love is going to be able to say it
it leaves it open to too much connotation
you know one of the advertising agencies in town ran a commercial or put
together a commercial in which they say
bullspit and uh... we played at once i think and our our people pulled it off
the air which you know i can debate one way together i don't really care
but several of the stations in the market have played and continue to play it
now again even though it isn't one of the words per se
certainly the innuendo is there it's close enough yeah so you know again it
gets down to commercials it gets down to comedy it gets into sports it gets
into every single aspect of anything that can be on radio or tv
well i just i just want to alert you to that because if you if you'll be doing
the hurricane games again next year and i hope you will be you will have to
those games that you will uh... come up with a new set of uh...
of words to describe what's going on in the field okay maybe we'll just give
hand signals very good okay thanks a lot
if their mind isn't in the gutter they won't pick up on those things now you
want to call it gutter whatever you want to call it but
it's basically what they're thinking of and they're just picking up on it
well you see again another part of the problem is that they don't understand the
contemporary usage of a lot of these words for example when i was on at night two
three years ago i started calling couple of the colors subhuman douchebags and i
didn't use the expression a lot but there were some people were just so obnoxious
and i thought it's fit perfectly and i understand the way the word is used in
contemporary usage especially in new york and it has nothing to do with women
and it has nothing to do with the instrument itself it's just the way of saying
somebody's a nerd a jerk and now in the daytime that we have such a so much
broader of an audience i guess that was the wrong word broad surely get all of
said uh... much wider audience wider also we get surely upset a much more
numerous audience uh... the fact is that there are people listening who never
heard it before and all of a sudden what was something that was perfectly
acceptable and we got no response to before now we got a whole bunch of little
ladies getting hysterical because we use that word on the year and that's
exactly what happens even with how it's turned we call somebody a real dick for
example in the york that just means a jerk it has nothing to do with any part of
the anatomy just means a jerk like james mckinney for example that's what i
should have told him yes that she said you know you're a real uh... although i
did say dick at a couple of times and he never batted an eyelash she really didn't
although i did hear a little tinkling on his leg there i'm not sure what it was
twenty four before two at w i n z we're going to take a little break here and when we
come back we'll continue
