Male because we do generate a lot of male and we put out a lot of male and
Rick did as many many favors. Whatever I ask him, he never said no to me, Neil.
He always did it and he did it with a good attitude. A smile on his face, a great
kid and he was tragically killed at an automobile accident last night and
everyone here in the building is feeling a definite feeling of loss this morning.
We certainly will miss him very much. Rick Sampson who sort of did a lot of
everything we needed. Whatever we needed he would do.
Yeah, we sent along our sympathy to his family and do all of his friends and
as you said we'll miss him around here. Anyway we got so many things to talk
about and some of them are pretty depressing too including these morons with
their pit bulls. I know some other people have been talking about that and I've
we've done a lot of shows on that. In fact the radio talk shows it on so many
programs on pit bulls over the years. It's become another one of those tried
and true topics and the sad part of it is that they don't do anything about it.
That's the pathetic part and I was appalled last night on CNN. I was on, I'm
sorry, it was on CBS on the Channel 4 News at 11 o'clock and they showed the
footage from the I guess it's K and X T in Los Angeles. With this crazy woman
out there I mean you talk about a redneck she's the definitive pit bull owner.
This big grotesque pathetic woman and it wasn't bad enough that the first guy
got mulled but then when the woman from animal control went out there they
showed the footage they showed the tape and they showed the dog you know she was
threatening her and well you better get out of here or the dog's gonna get out
again and sure enough she just opened the door far enough and the dog ran out
and attacked this woman and ripped her hand up and and then this morning
first thing I saw when I got off was the story on Channel 7 about the
cameraman's daughter who got mulled by the pit bull down here and you know I've
said for a long time pit bulls and their owners ought to be destroyed you know
that's basically the way I feel about it. I mean there's a certain mentality
there but I'll get into that you know we'll get into that a little bit later.
Was it lead story on four last night? First story? I think it might I think it was and
then that they show this morning with the Bryant Gumball whose voice reached
new highs this morning at various times during the show they had a little
segment about the FCC ruling which I thought I'd mentioned because some of you
may have seen it and they had Diane Callore on again from the FCC but she is I
hope they keep bringing her out everywhere because she's pathetic and they had a
guy named Barry Lynn which is great I like people that have two first names and
they had Barry Lynn from the ACIU on of course they're challenging the FCC
ruling on so-called in decent speech and again she gave absolutely all kinds of
double talk and he really put her to shame even though the segment was very short
and they showed a little bit of George Carlin and you know he made an
ass out of her and the bottom line of the whole thing was that they still can't
define what they're talking about she did all kinds of double talk about well
you know you're carrying it too far and we're not suggesting that all sexual
innuendo or double entendre is actionable in fact most of what the Howard
Stern stuff we heard was okay it was just certain things but they won't tell us
what the certain things were say so they want you to continue playing the
guessing game which certain things were actionable they won't tell us and if
you haven't sent in for so far by the way this Friday were and I know originally
I had said by the fourth of July we're gonna wrap this thing up and you know
march on Washington but that just wasn't giving us enough time and there's no
sense in doing it you know too quickly or having any sense of urgency because
obviously you know we've got a lot of time to carry this thing on and rather than
just wrap it up now with about 30 or 40 thousand signatures and saying this is
the best we can do we're you know moving onward and upward and this Friday we're
gonna have two pages two full pages the centerfold no pictures now but we
get out a picture of you that would have gotten a lot of attention or or a
picture with my name under it just of no I think the picture with your face
we've got a lot of attention the picture the guy off the Zeta radio guide
oh that would have been a lot of attention for most radio broadcasters because
you know most of them right they don't want to admit it but my name under it or
we could use the picture from the heraldis morning from page 2b in the local
section Sean Pagic is in the pool at the Cleveland or Hotel on Miami Beach and
if you're listening Sean we're gonna be giving the number shortly but anyway
so you finally found something in the herald you like worth yeah oh yeah well worth
the quarter right spend a quarter for that but anyway what was I talking about
or they add this Friday and of course you folks in the general pubic out there
you're not gonna be able to get it because unless you're a radio fanatic and
subscribed to it which is unlikely groupy but R&R radio and records has
really replaced billboard I mean only stodgy old silly people read billboard
magazine now and people who are you know looking for jobs in Tacoma
Washington or Evansville Illinois little tiny markets read broadcasting all the
good jobs are in R&R which is why everybody in the business reads it and why
they don't let us get it here in the building oh that's true are you never see
it come into this building do you not a while somebody will sneak it in a
plain brown envelope not on this side of the building no but we never get to see
it back here because they have all the good jobs in it but anyway we have the
center full two-fold pages and the ad is geared toward all radio broadcasters
and you know basically the essence is what they are you doing about this to fight
censorship and the fenn free speech and if this doesn't do it nothing will in
terms of really getting some national involvement on this getting everybody
to write to their congressman well every radio station in the country will see
the ad and by the way this is a piece of good news the senate avoided to show
down with president Reagan today on this is kind of a backhanded good news on
his veto of the fairness doctrine bill that would have made it law democratic leader
Robert bird faced with almost certain defeat first refused the republicans a
set time for a vote on overriding the veto then he had the bill routed to the
senate commerce committee under the chairmanship of south Carolina democrat
earnest hollings and uh... they approved a motion to send the disputed legislation
to committee where they're gonna get a keep it hanging until they think they
have enough votes to pass it but it can hang there for an attorney so at least
for the present time
the fairness doctrine is still a provision of the sec but it's not
law is mandated by congress sorry
for once Reagan did something right
by accident you know if you're in there long enough i mean sooner or later you
can do something right
back there is getting to be a distinct similarity between uh... Ronald Reagan
and the presidency only every other Thursday for about five minutes and that's
it
that's the end of it
so anyway that's what we're doing and if you haven't sent your name and address
to so far yet you know we have two things to point out number one what the
hell are you waiting for
and number two the address is so far p o box twenty two fourteen
my amy three three o five five all you've got to do is send us your name and
address we supply the postage on the post cards and we've done everything
except sign your name for you everything humanly and legally possible
and all the cards are printed up already for you to send your representatives
and senators and you just have to sign them and drop them in the mail that's all
very simple
and they are paying attention because we're hearing from people they're getting
letters getting letters back from daddy fissile and sure from some of the
child someone told me that all good excellent got a two-page letter from beautiful
child so the more the merrier and that's why you know we're going to get these
cards to people in all fifty states to write to their congressman but the only
way we can send you the cards is if you send us your name and address so far
p o box twenty two fourteen
my amy three three o five five
another sad but not unexpected piece of news what a depressing Wednesday
yeah so are
more
very sad piece of news but as i said not unexpected from a
moronic redneck
is that i hear through the grapevine that the surely painters had a couple of
guests online so you know that station just has this real problem
we've done a lot of shows here with the pre people with aids in fact i think we
were the first ones but you know who cares we're not in in some kind of a contest
to see who gets in a Guinness book of records and we don't do those shows
for publicity we do them to try to educate the public in the make people a
little more understanding and intelligent about this
but the w snows every time they do one of those shows there are people over
there certain individuals three of them basically followed tops in and now
which there who just
have a nervous breakdown and they don't want to come in the studio and they're
afraid they're going to be polluted they don't want to breathe the air and the
surely had a couple of persons with aids on her show last night and which
there refused
to come into the building and they had a call the johnny dolin of uh... am
don we have in to do a witchner show because which there refused how long can you
go on being a stupid uh... idiotic redneck jury that's the question
yeah meh it's pathetic it's embarrassing
meh there is absolutely no question
that aids is not a disease that's an airborne virus it's not communicable by
breathing the same air
or talking into the same microphone
or shaking somebody's hand which i'm sure he wouldn't have done but i mean you
know it's just it's unbelievable
to think that they have such knee-and-the-alls over there like a top-syn and
witchner who continues spreading all of this hate all of this hysteria
and of course founder just loves it because basically that's where he's
coming from any way is that it extreme ugly right wing position that's what
he's all about
now think about it jury how do you catch aids
yeah hasn't been made very clear in the media while when you're as ignorant as
he is you know don't don't expect him to learn something it is advanced
state
now it's true i mean the man is truly a monument to ignorance but you're the
language
he's one of the most bigoted people i've ever known ever come in contact
within my life
and you know that gun of his is just and it's there's nothing else there
really note you're laughing but i'm serious because i work with a guy for six
years there's nothing else there if you take away that three fifty seven
magnum
there's not even a human being there there's nothing behind it
because that's his whole ego that's his whole macho thing is that gun
and uh... you know really i hope it never is too late to learn but i think it
is case it may be but she just to continue displaying this this paranoia
in this frightening ignorance uh... sad i don't think jury would have done
what it takes to catch aids from an age victim with these people i just don't
believe it i'm not touching that line okay okay let's do a break when we come
back i think we got three breaks this hour boy this is getting really
frightening now imagine what happened when we get to a twelve share
all boy we're in a lot of trouble ladies and gentlemen
okay it's ten eighteen at w i n z and i'm sorry that you know we sound a
little bit down little model in here at the beginning of the show but will
try to pick it up right try you'll start cackling a little bit will and the
audience will start complaining yeah by the way speaking of cackling just before
we take the break and i'm going to get into this when we come back
because i don't like to pick on other stations in the market you know that
and uh... but i know this morning i tuned in a certain station that you used
to work at his matter fact i want to mention which one was and not only can't
you hear the host of the show who sounds like he's out you know it's great
that they give him his own a street but are they gonna give him a mic you know
that would be nice you can't hear him the music is the right levels and the
old the agony there is the right levels you can't hear the host
i mean great where are you you know he's like he's like in another room somewhere
like he's doing the show in japan and they're in my me lakes or something
baby talk about the phony laughter i mean if anybody criticizes glen hill i'm
gonna stick up for me today because i usually rip him and he deserves it but uh...
i'm gonna tell you anybody who criticizes him for the contrived phony laughter
that he's guilty of i mean shame on you
that goes on in all these fm stations all the time that's all they do they said
i mean is it funny to say love ninety four is your you know doing the talk up
to the record well at least he doesn't do the whole talk up like ricky tiki
right humble but you know as you do in the talk up and you you know you drop in
love ninety four and uh... is that funny
well i guess if you see the book uh... okay twenty minutes after ten at w i
and z will come right back
thank you for news when twenty three after ten at w i and z you're on just here
till two and stand major will be along to uh... do his thing
what is his thing anyone yet don't ask me okay
uh... anyway getting back to things
i was listening to gloves ninety four this morning i don't like to uh... pick on
the other stations in town because most of them uh... don't even deserve mention
but uh... they do
they really do first of all talk about not knowing what the format is okay
uh...
what is the format over there they put as that an oldy station now i heard some
day will be together by the supreme's i guess uh...
reg was dedicating that to don agony and they're already together again so i
don't know what you play that
or maybe he was dedicating it
now let's see you never worked with him yes i did but it okay that it must have
been for you yeah first time you know i don't you come right out
reg and say who you're dedicating it to for tweety bird you know just a little
code there we know who it was
i mean they spent all the whole time i was listening there was in you window or
fact my name was mentioned within the first two minutes i tuned in the show
yeah because they were doing uh... who's the dumbest person in south florida
dumbest man dumbest man
and some old fart evidently it called in and mentioned my name and i didn't
hear that call but i heard a reference to it from a young lady who was taking
issue with that and said that the caller was the dumbest man because i'm you know
all this wonderful stuff and you don't and said that he was an old
and then we didn't hear the end of the word which i thought was very courageous
i thought that was good i it you said they don't have a delay but it sounded
i heard like what sounded like dumping three twelve dumping's not a good word
uh...
leaping yeah they believe that
like three different times and fifteen twenty minutes that i listen they must
come into work this morning they don't have a delay well then what is that all
about i mean if you're gonna say say the word don't pretend you're gonna say
the word say it is not one of the seven thirty words not i mean gee if you can't
call a guy an old fart Greg then what what kind of a shit and of course it made
no difference because nobody could hear many ways of my he's in another studio
i'm serious couldn't you tell her you'd have
well that i am the up to you i got this great
stereo in my car that's you know my prized possession
and uh... i've got to turn up plenty loud the music is all the right levels
and everybody else and then all of a sudden
and then
uh...
mean what is that all about what kind of a show is that
and uh... neal this and neal that and oh yeah we drive in hell and they all
all the time and then it's not a let's uh... this we have to see ever we
need her to shave with today
i mean come on guys let's cut it out will you please
get your own material get your own the body here will you
in fact i noticed you don't have to shave his a facial hair off didn't they
yeah
what was that for was that for channel ten probably
i don't know i don't know why not a lot of the i can have facial hair and he can't
i think that's what is that we have a racism reverse racism a channel ten
black people can have now although in you know camera marshal if he had body
hair over his whole head that would be good
that would be excellent
he is he is so bad you know it
not only does he look like he just came in with it from another planet
but he know he doesn't do sports he knows nothing about sports if you listen
to the substance if you can watch it long enough to hear what he's saying
he has no clue i mean he doesn't know uh... soccer from a curling you know
he's in the twilight zone how do we get to him
it's a world of difference
yeah
world of difference waterdale can put a silly well see do i need that must
actually look like a silly like the cheshire cat in allison wonderland
he needs to look silly with a mustache
whereas i guess you don't if you would have still had a mustache on it would
uh... i don't know what it means
i guess white guys just can't have mustaches like alan Mendelssohn
there's a guy who needs to be covered from head to toe uh... with a big fur coat
or something anything just get him off of the were those stupid props
see i guess today i mentioned all the people that i like on tv so they were
giving equal time and were
trash and a few of the ridiculous people on local tv great
yeah terrific
so you're i did like mark ledner a channel so i wonder if he puts his hair and
curlers you think so
that's the only way any nobody has care that currently seriously
he must put his hair and curlers at night all would not be great let's get him
in here early in the morning and doing interview with mark ledner with his
uh...
why but he looks just like john crofford in the morning
but i bet he doesn't clean as well
you know you're right he uses wire hangers yeah
oh yeah come on mark no more wire hangers we caught you
i've never seen a woman with her that currently no
well not that you mention it although he has a mustache which is good because
it covers a big part of his face
see now a lot of us were in radio because we know it fact almost everybody
you know radio is ugly
and there's a reason for we're not going to go on tv and assault the audience
with our ugliness
but some of these people just don't have enough good sense they won't keep their
ugly push off the tv screen now speaking of that like how it's done for
example how it's funny on radio but if he really gets that show on tv it's
gonna bomb
because his nose
i'm going to tell you as bad as david breners knows was howard looks like david
brener and ricay's are put together but together he looks like rock saying
you know steve martin at new movie with the pinochio
that's howard
howard wishes it would have grown someplace else but unfortunately uh... nature
doesn't work out that way
in this week's TV works in mysterious ways you look in this week's TV
guys there's a full page ad for the new dating game
i'll tell show
yet by the way Alice was very legitimately you the interesting part of it is
Alice is under a lot of pressure and a lot of attack
from all sides not from us because we like what he's doing these days
but uh... that show yesterday on circumcision must have been really sensational
i heard part of it
where there's some cutting comments
and must have been hot
but anyway he was you know he was apoplectic last week about my Thompson and
Thompson's
obnoxious uh... fascistic you know let's uh... tattoo everybody and
you just short of concentration camps you know that's where he's coming from
now he's got witchner who's doing his redneck i'm not going to come in and
read the year thing you know how how must it feel to be over there in the midst
of that mullon jim mung you know over there a double your snooze
terrible unbelievable
bunch of bigoted right-wing redneck fascist pigs
and that's the best we can say about some of those people
right yeah
back to look you know it's our cackling pretty soon i'm telling you i'm the
i don't i don't know how we're gonna get the show me the whole
depraved this morning is depressed which you can understand shell shot and uh...
then of course all of this other stuff that i'm talking about here's not very
uplifting the top of all off and the thing about the pit bulls and a stuff
they're showing on the news is enough to make you regurgitate and i know we're
gonna get some of these people and if you call me today to tell me about what
wonderful animals they are you see
these animals were in bread long ago centuries ago
okay and they were made to be mean and to fight to do this whole business and
there's a genetic thing there now and you're not going to eliminate it by
patting them on head say oh nice puppy nice puppy because when you least
expected some of me even turn on the owners when they least expected they don't
discriminate and it's what now they're not discriminating and of course
they're also don't give you any advanced warning it's when they all of a sudden
you know have a bug in your ear or something
bingo they go nuts in the attack and they grab on and they won't let go and they
just the rip you the shreds
now that's you know and i just look to me with seem the pictures of that woman
in california with her dog that was the same as which during his gun it's the
same kind of redneck mentality
i mean i can understand if people have a dog to protect them that's one thing
but a dog that's like a killer beast you know that's to intimidate people
that that's a different story sick scary pathetic
subhuman and always get these calls every time you do a show on this and
these people oh yes my wonderful pet the powwow he's just never never stole a
freight train and you know in fact i wouldn't put it past the pit bull you know
to uh... you can just see now locking onto the end of a freight train and
drag it down the tracks about any miles an hour i can see it
look at all the fuel we could say right
you always get those calls we've never had a problem oh yeah always get as i
said before pit bulls and their owners
ought to be up you know put away
ought to go to doggie you have an or hell or whatever it is i'm serious because
it's a sickness
there are all these you can go down to the animal shelter to the pound and you
find
thousands of dogs and for those of you who have a weakness for cats which i
want to get into you find loads of animals beautiful little animals that need a
home that are already potty train they're all they're like they're ready to go
you know what i'm saying all you got to do is give them a couple of bucks
whatever it is and take it home and you're all set you got a nice pet all kinds
of breeds mongrels iris centers germans shepherds you name it
we don't need pit bulls right
i mean how many breeds of dogs do we need before we're satisfied
so i think the solution is to have all the pit bulls that turn on their owners
and then we'll shoot the pit bull when they finish the job and i'm a bingo
it's all over right we got the problem solved both ways
i have no idea what that has to do with gloves ninety four
not we're not going to mention what's his name anymore because he's getting too
excited about it oh no he he he asked you to continue to be out he loves it he
was tinkling this morning was he really so that
upset him we want about time i heard he hasn't tinkled in months yeah we won't
mention his name just to upset him it gloves ninety four so but i do have one
thing to tell you speaking of looks just to finish that thought no we don't
finish it expand on it well because we may talk for four hours today yeah we might
who needs these pan and he asked callers if you're looking to you please play
this and you please get lost with that stuff or we'll play it when we're ready
to play it not request to say hello could you please say goodbye
oh oh here comes our first message oh we've been waiting for this they never
say please yeah never no they demand as a matter of fact we want to hear it right now
or we're going to write to the FCC and to management
well you can't write to management here because they're out to lunch
i don't mean just like now attempt to just kind of like a long lunch you know it starts in January
and it ends around New Year's Eve that's all radio management that's not just although it's a
matter of degree i mean it could be worse we could be at i.o.d oh did you ever get to find out
what bill McQueen wanted yesterday called him back he wasn't there there's something going on
over there that we haven't found out about but i left a message oh boy you never got back to you
no maybe he's back in Texas and you told him what could he want to say to me
if you want it yeah it's amazing the calls that you get from all these other people in the
business i know there's anybody out there's got some rumors just call and leave a message for
Tweety Bird don't call Glenn Hill just call Tweety Bird the switchboard will know who you're talking
about TV guide full page ad for the new dating game on channel 30 oh yeah this is what you started
a little while ago and well wait a minute we have to take another break uh this is good oh yeah
remember the day we did that uh almost three hours now when we got to it it was worthless that was
the incredible part you're gonna build this up a really big thing going on and we took like three
hours to get to it and by the time i let him bleep it up blurred it out you're gonna it was
gonna do the same thing to this well i know i think this could be really big good it's not
gonna be as good as this picture in the hair of this one again it's just a picture okay it's just
some young guy floating in the Cleveland or hotel pool on Miami Beach probably his name is on
Sean Padgett he's probably just a tourist and i turn the picture upside down i took a look and i
said well hey the hair of can't be all bad he's finally giving in a little bit of course just
above it on the top part of the page look at there's Joe Robby now this isn't that a guy you'd like
to be friend look at a look on his face oh what a hangout oh boy kind of guy you want to go to
take a look at him on the defensive line man he'd scare everybody away they'd be running back to
their old goal their own goal line if they saw Joe look at that picture oh i think that must have
been when he was sitting there rick weaver when he had that expression i mean talk about a sour look
oh boy okay well finally got a ring clamping rinkling one nostril there too Joe well i don't blame
you from what i've heard 25 before 11 at w y and z on a wednesday morning let's do another break
and then when we continue we'll see if we can't get it right or that big story
start Thursday morning off on the right foot this time Gallagher join Lori Shepherd Frank Mocha
can be you for all the latest news tomorrow morning plan Harrison on sports alaburo with
traffic and Paul Kangus on business 22 before 11 at w y and z don't call with a request here because
you know we're getting a little bit surly about that stuff all right oh i got my recorder
already here would you please do now enough of that already we're not in the mood to do now we're
just out in the mood for that now noon i was thinking you know one day because i'm going on
vacation after friday and here comes another message all through major show they were calling in
with these requests of course and stands not going to play most of that stuff because you're not
going to rip off my material hmm what do you like now i did hear and play that uh
erection song yesterday mm-hmm i was in shock isn't he the one who was going on carrying on
about how filthy it was and how disgusting that i was playing it and lo and behold it kind of popped
up on stand show that was right after that young girl called that 13 year old girl that just
kind of popped up on stand show mm-hmm
so do you want me to tell this story now this is a good time i like to get it in before 11 now no no
are you serious maybe 11 o'clock tonight it's real brief i wonder if Bruce Williams had a good show
last night his last night with Tuesday and he really what's doing is always a best on Tuesday
boi i'll tell you he's doing great they got great numbers there i'll talk to that i'll tell you
is that is that a tribute to how desperate the uh talk audiences in his town they're desperate
they really are oh that's right i heard as a matter of fact i heard that at the 815 i heard
pattern change i wasn't not see i must confess i was listening to Bruce Williams see and um
i heard us uh you know i heard a little crackle let you hear when we change pattern and then the
crackle kept going on and it was kind of interesting and i realized that we were off the air how long
were we off the air for a long time two hours yeah i heard it all that must have been a pubic service
huh it will well with the f well i'm listening to people listen to talk net they wouldn't know the
difference but the fm was off too you know oh no yeah so what's the difference you said it
he said now we don't want to start up with them again they're not because we understand
through the grapevine okay we understand through the grapevine that Peter Bolger called
in one of our a m people oh fm was only off for an hour but it's okay we can give them the extra
hour handicapped you know in fact if we were doing six furlongs we could start at the seven fur
long marker and we could let them start at the top of the stretch and we'd still beat them you know
no problem even if we were carrying 140 pounds and they had like um dianne wodgetas or whoever she
is but anyway um i don't want to mention Ron's name on the air because he got himself in a lot of
trouble yesterday with that excellent call by the way that was right on target when he called in
here and he is going to be filling in what the first day of my vacation on here oh that's going
to be good because Ron's going to be by monday he ought to be really ready for that he's going to just
uh tear ass in here on monday isn't he ready now yeah he is he in fact gee i really missed the
mark didn't i if i would have put him on today i could have gone to call you today because he was
ready this morning man he is ready to kill told me told me foaming it he's like a pit bull in heat
is the matter of it and i don't blame him and he was called into the program directors office in the
FM you know peter who used to be our friend up until a quarter to ten quarter to eleven yesterday
when i came in what do you guys talking about you talking about me bad little what are you talking
about what are you saying very sensitive all they're getting real nervous well they saw that
those numbers you know and i was told yesterday that i'm overreacting because it's going to take
at least a year for that format to get off the ground and of course isn't that what they said to
the people who preceded the right brothers uh and what happened with them you know until the
right brothers came along none of that other stuff ever got off well maybe a couple inches off
the ground that it all collapsed and smashed you seeing those films haven't you sure those first
attempts to fly sure well they all thought it was going to take about three minutes to get off the
ground surprise surprise but we're not going to rag him because they're doing their best
that we're that's the part that's frightening
oh they're doing their best my story do their duty well wait a minute don't
interrupt the of your story ever fits in with the FM oh does it really yeah well good when we
get around to it it'll uh piece right together with what we're talking about yeah see this is one
of those days where we need to do one of these convoluted uh as Bob Lassiter would say monologue
is that what this is a monologue yeah a four hour monologue and then of course there's no time left
to take calls Kyle likes that look at him he is foaming at the mouth he's so enthused we might not
take any calls today come on should we give it a shot look at that there's one vote yes i vote yes
come on let's make it unanimous let's see come on there's three hands and there are only two of us
have four hands there's only three of us well and you haven't even raised a hand yet mr coward
spell courage especially but anyways i started to say before before i was so rudely interrupted see
now that i said no calls look at that look at that flashing what a bunch of mung brains frantically frantically
flashing they want to talk to you well hey don't they understand we need to rest from them once in a
while i mean who wants to hear these people i'm going to listen to you for one more week i know i
can only handle another week and then he calls back that's the incredible part well i guess he figured
if he was going to be calling us he better get it out of the way before he stopped listening
that guy i thought about him yesterday man that was incredible wouldn't it be something if he
turned out to be the guy in the pool no no i don't think so no one this kid's got a lot more
smarts than that huh yeah now by the way if Sean what's his name here yes he now we're going to
check if he calls in we'll take his call so you're going to have to at least screen the call no he'll
know okay he'll know by the flash on the phone believe me when the light lights up in technicol
then he'll know like unruly children the south florida callers love to pester us oh that's true it's
like little kid i've always said that you know like little kids who taught you and they just
pester and pester then they run away because they know they're going to get beaten then when
you're least expecting it they start sneaking up and they start pestering again then they run
away and it never stops it never stops the gringing the doorbell and running away okay now let's see
from everybody in the audience who'd like us just to dump the calls today and do four hours and just
you know play it by ear let's see it on the phone i bet you there are a lot of people would like to see
us just skip all the calls today and just sit here and have a good time and shmue's a little bit
look at that of course four of them are ringing already but that's okay hey listen timing is
everything in life all seven of marlotte i think you're serious about not taking calls serious as a
door knob okay well i have never been more serious in my life you're really thinking about it
wait a minute there were a lot of positive calls about the phone out oh yeah that's right that was
last April that's true in fact when we had our guest in here we just talked for four hours we took
no calls and they were some of the best shows we ever had with those guests let's see who can we go
out in the building and drag in here the dark i don't think today is the day to go out and
keep looking for a ball the days leave it to you to come up with an idea like that oh boy mister
tacked you know everybody is weeping and you know and it's a really depressing place today and if
you missed the beginning of the show one of our staff members died in a tragic automobile accident
last night very very what was it in his early 20s i would think yeah 20s yeah and very nice kid
and everybody's upset and broken up here and you know to try to develop some kind of you know
for me to come on the air playing some kind of wild rockest thing this morning would have been
inappropriate because i just don't feel that way sure would have yeah there were 12 what does that
mean in other words you would have jumped all over me if i would have done that you to come in here
and say tacky yeah that's what he would have done in other words if i would have tried to lighten
things up a little bit and get people laughing you to come in here so there's no way to win say
well we know and now you're saying well you know he's really being depressing getting the audience
into a model in state no no you said that during the break now i chuckled a few times here no i
didn't chuckle at all you cackled a couple of mini cackles which is the best we've gotten out of
them so far today which brings me back isn't it amazing i've always said that you know what goes
around comes around or something like that and that these things piece together and we went through
that whole convoluted thing to bring me back to what i was going to talk about in terms of that
station that i listened to this morning for a half hour coming to work and they were cackling
its stuff that wasn't even i mean the colliders are not funny okay if they would have said gloves
ninety four and cackled that would have been funny maybe they'll do that tomorrow yeah come on
Greg why don't you say gloves ninety four tomorrow that would be funny that would be i think it'd be
hysterical if they could i know those jingles they got cost a lot of money but i think it would be
funny if they invested a few bucks and got one that said gloves ninety four man that would be that
be hysterical look at all the attention we'd promote it yeah sure and then peter would come in here
and we'd have another closed door meeting and we don't want any friction between the two stations
we all want to get along and the people are not in a good mood up there they're a little sensitive
mm-hmm they saw the numbers a little sensitive well they're super sensitive yeah
they're foaming at the mouth they're looking at r and r they're checking the job listings
now listen it takes a long i was told yesterday it takes a long time a long time for that format
to get off the ground it's going to take them a good year at least i'm telling you verbatim
that's what i was told yesterday all right i was not told to stop ragging the fn that's one thing i'll
say because they know if they say that to me that i'll only do it that much more say they finally
have learned to understand me here a little bit and that is that they have to use reverse psychology in
fact if they encourage me to come on here and rip rfm then they know i'll probably cut down a little
they did not however encourage me so i'm not cutting down they do know that about you by the way
whatever they tell you i do the opposite and look how it's working man
it's working like a charm look at the rating do we have to talk about how and the can we
uh what do we have to mention how and they all know you know and boy as soon as i heard that i
knew i was on the right track man i just attacked it full force and look what we did
we had like a 99 share with with the stars and the sunny rosinberg's mazusa we got it all in
february maybe sonny could call us today no we wouldn't talk to that douchebag i got a bet
all right get rid of him whatever happened to sonny that's what i mean now that he's the mayor i guess
he doesn't have time for us right it's probably blasting out of his office he's too he's too busy
doing important thing it's eleven before and he's one of the most important officials in all of
south florida i'll guarantee you that eleven before eleven at w-i-n-z and we'll come back after this
okay we have a new bumper sticker for owners of pit bulls to display on your automobile bite the
hand that feeds you and hopefully your pet will read it a mall the hand that feeds you would be
that would be disgusting although it sounds pretty good to me in the sun sentinel my favorite
newspaper that comes at six thirty in the morning with the yellow wrapper on it um you notice i
qualified that because it's not really very good paper but it's sure better than buying that
herald although if the herald keeps printing pictures like this uh now you know the more i look at
that that could be a very young man in that picture they really can't tell they've touched a nerve
with you today well i won't say which one uh now he's not that young he's about uh he's of legal age
so i can't get my story out before you talk about this in the
tourism panel declares free break dead is this incredible boy what a surprise by scott a's a most
and this is a most disgusting story really this is amazing this is so typical this is like saying
uh you know Hitler is dead now in fact i take that back and there's still those who don't believe
that who can we uh who can we use this like saying able ink in his dead okay is i mean is that
controversial is there any debate about that i don't think so
it's like saying that the nero is dead julia cesar abraham unless of course it's abraham's
soloman he's dead too you know he was my grandfather may he rest ovola sholom as they say in
certain parts of the beach hmm tourism see you don't understand any of that that's good we need
a good boyish a couple like him in here because he doesn't understand any of those expressions i
know i'm a boy boy as opposed to as opposed to what witch in your calls Jewish people jew
boys yeah i'll never forget the time he said on the ear to a caller who is referring to me say oh
he's a good jew boy jew boy i mean this man has has prejudicial tendencies that haven't
even been discovered in the human race yet am i right yeah but i said in the human race which
qualifies it as far as he's concerned but that's an that's an accurate statement about me aren't
i a boy boy that's a disgusting and maybe a boy George i think would be more accurate is it really
disgusting no i mean you used to call me that oh don't tell me she's jewish yeah oh no ladies and
gentlemen all of my jewish friends on this day moni stana halala haza that we all want to
reconsider i mean she's enough to make you want to give it up if you told that the sami davis man
bingo how rich tell Richard Taylor Taylor he'll be he'll take that mrs is off in no time the rostad
you oh boy he'll be rostagoy in no time he'll be back to eating those grits or whatever it is
tourism panel declares spring break dead say goodbye to where the boys are
says scott the most in the most ridiculous article that's the opinion of broward county tourism
officials who decided on Tuesday and listen to this it took them only one year to kill something
that's been going on for 30 years right in one year they killed it and they told it has it now and
as i predicted as i predicted on this show they're going to be ringing their hands saying oh what are
we going to do now that's what always goes on in this town like with casino gambling the heralds
scared the pants off everybody we don't need it it's horrible the mob okay everybody voted against it
now what do we do well don't ask us we don't know you know that's the response same in for
lauderdale all those fascist right wing hateful nasty redneck type people who don't like kids who
don't want fun who you know who wanted to be another geriatric paradise they chased away all the
kid of course we include in that group of fascists the police up there in broward the sheriff
and the fort lauderdale police who are probably among the worst in the country in law enforcement the
most right wing militant fascistic boot stomping goose stepping other than that they're not bad
oh listen broward county tourism officials decided on Tuesday not to advertise spring break
after concluding they definitely want the fort lauderdale institution to end we've lost spring
breaks at james paint and a member of tourist development councils marketing advertising committee
if we try to advertise it we are committing suicide
there is too much of a negative image in the college community
for spring break to to come back niki grossman said oh yeah she's a genius
so to simply market spring break on college campuses again would be a waste of money
bob motwani owner of the merrimack beach resort hotel warned that many small businesses cannot
survive without the collegiate business now here comes the book good part when general motors
are forward have to discontinue a particular model they spend years to come out with a substitute
he said here they have no plans to generate any kind of business to replace what we've lost
that's right very well said that's right same thing that i said months ago in fact i said it last
year when they were in the process of arresting everybody and chasing the kids away
now we don't want them here because they got too much money to spend in their too young
if they were old and they only wanted the early bird dinner and they were nasty and miserable
and drove 10 miles an hour then we'd like them welcome them with open arms yeah exactly
with open packages of sweet and low we'd welcome what a disgusting you know this area is such a
contradiction man you walk out and even in the middle of the summer the sun is shining at 75
80 degrees the climate is beautiful the natural beauty the sand and the ocean and everything it's
just phenomenal the people that run this state man our maniacs from this governor this fascist
governor we've got up there this lying pig of a governor all the way down the line i mean what's the hope
it's like they've taken paradise and turned it into hell which is why we call florida of course a
tropical depression boy it's really it's frustrating i guess if you can be oblivious and just go
ahead and fake your way through life and none of these things are important to you then you can
survive but if you're one of these businessmen and you have to kind of making your living from living
and breathing people coming and spending their money you're screwed you're screwed and of course
our good governor look at all the business we're losing in this state now and we don't want to leave
him alone because the democratic leadership in the legislature went right along it oh yeah they
were right there good old ron silver and all those great americans all those douchebags
and didn't the jack gordon sit right on this show with thamak first and didn't they say oh don't
worry there's no support for this don't worry about it don't make a big deal about it they
sit right on this show so we just forgot about it and now we're all screwed
except for michael who's in the other room looking at pictures of michael getting ready to bring
local area news headlines world news from cbs at eleven and we'll come back and continue this four
hour monologue at eleven oh six stand major this afternoon with a oh just one of the most
incredibly naked shows in the history of mankind from two to six rushing through rush hour
then count on us to rush up everything you need to know 94 news wins w i n z i m e fourth
now you're gonna do it
does it's painful to be rejected by your fellow queens okay it's twenty two before new
time for another break it probably is well i'm looking at this log and just as big as life
as sure as death and taxes under bob martina's can i tell the story after the break
well sometime after the break i'll come make any promises we got a busy schedule here today
as lee would say we have a full agenda full menu today a full questions oh maybe we could
take a poll today well that's a good idea yeah yes or no no question just yes or no that's right
and we'll send the results over to lee yeah and then he can use it tomorrow what do you think lee
yes or no who needs questions you know if you can get a lot of calls i think so good thank you
i don't thanks out thank you very much at least that would be different you know then
what do you think about donor rice did she really do it with gary and how big was it you know i mean
who cares broke cares oh that's what we could do i mean that's really some pull when the biggest
boob is the one asking the question you know we could ask the question do you like pull or do
you not like pull that's good that's good that's good that's good that's good that's good that's
ha ha ha we have a full menu a full agenda then we ought to do a couple of hours begging for
clemency for any criminal who commits some heinous crime like you know cutting off some girls arms
you know we ought to do some sympathy for that then we can do the occurred vaultime love in
for a couple of hours tell everybody he never you know never met a Nazi he didn't like
unbelievable that's your buddy lee foulard lee one thing about lee though he's consistent
i mean whether it was on gps whether it's on the snooze no matter what station he's on he
that you know does about a one five and there's something to be said for that confederates on a
station with no number or station with a big number he always stays right in there hangs right
in with about a one five one nine maybe once in a while a statistical glitch you'll get up to it
to a little bit over not too often one nine one five manly i'll tell you your solid is the rock of
broader a seventeen before noon at w i and zine a ranger's we have a twini bird locked in the studio
in his cage and mr motek has just brought in the oh look at that the u.s.a. today here's a big front
page exclusive baker to hawn how you're getting closer i mentioned mitch gaylor now you're finally
getting a net mitch when american anthem i touch you yes sure you met mitch gaylor i had lunch with
oh my god now if they could have scott madden and mitch gaylor together doing the body by sole
of like they're doing something i bet you they could get an eighty share i get a hundred share in my
house uh i mean to tell you yeah he was in that what was the name of the american american anthem
and i still haven't seen it is that coming to cable i think it's on cable i think it's on
currently i guess i'll promo for that yeah remember that yeah yeah you want you want to see that
i will want to see that because i saw the promo and my tongue was on the floor i was scraper off
the floor it was incredible now my next question uh uh uh uh uh fits in with the direction
the show is going now what is that uh little lascivious yeah now look i've always said there's no
law against looking haven't i always said that there's nothing wrong with looking at your
earlier classic you've got all of the dirty pictures of phb kate yeah it's okay to look
i think pictures of phb k look all we want to do is just we just want to admire well i wouldn't say
that. Speak for yourself. I was. I mean like I said yesterday, you know, having a little
tripping a little bit and bumping up against somebody, that's the first step. Oh, excuse me,
you know, like that guy at 7-11 up in the singer island. I'll never forget that. I mean, he had
a deathlock on that kid, you know, is embarrassing. These things happen. Excuse me. That happened.
And then he wouldn't let go, which you're really created quite a scene there by the pickled egg
counter. It was frightening by the smoke sausages. Now, now, is this the same, is this the same
cable company that has had to, you crack yourself up? Well, you're not paying any attention.
Yeah, I'm fine. We have a good thing about this show. I know what I'm talking about, but I hear
just because I don't come here. See, at least I'm not like Stan. I'm not trolling on the air. You
know, I mean, we joke about this stuff, but the Stan legitimately trolls on the air for young
ladies. I hear that air every day, blah, a brown hair, the brown eyed young ladies and brown
authorities into Bruno. And the only reason he says, Broward, because he's too lazy to drive all
the way to date the medium, you know, he wants somebody like right down the street. It's a fact.
It is a fact. He's trolling on the air. So while you fishing experts out there, wait till he does
his billfish tournament. That ought to be exciting. Now, what about this show that runs on
body by solar flex? Well, come on. It's a cable. Yeah, there's another one with some drag queens.
I heard. Now, see, I don't know anything about that, you know, I color with this bottle is on a front
page and he says to Jessica, I'm sorry. And he says he never cursed as has been reported. And
it also says rather trails in ratings race. CBS drops drops to last. So it wasn't just that Dan
was away in Russia. I think it was a poor choice to send Dan to Russia, because all the right
wingers who've been, you know, accusing him of being a propaganda spreader for the Soviets.
Probably got a lot of credibility now. In fact, I understand the rumor is John Broward's going to
be doing the CBS evening news starting next week. Did you hear that? Yeah.
That John Broward and Mike Thompson are going to be doing the news. Yeah.
John's going to do the big stories and Mike's going to do the short one.
Oh, look at that. There's John L. Way hanging out with Phil Simms again.
Those two have been hanging around together a lot lately. You know what I'm serious.
Save that picture of L. Way, by the way. He's got more teeth than Wink Martin,
Dale, doesn't he? This paper blinds me. I know. I got to put my phone on.
The only news paper in America that you have to have sunglasses to read. It's frightening.
Come. Let me tell you that's a dial tone. Hello. New format. All UFM people who are desperate.
That's fruit cake. Hello. Fruit cake. Hello. Hi. Go to the next one. Hello.
Hello. Or this exciting. Oh, what? You worked with Neil on WNW. Who's this?
Who's this? If it's Mark Gregg, tell him I'll talk to him.
Uh huh. He was a boredop. You were on in the morning. He was on in the morning.
Who is it? He's a presky Robinson. Is this press caught Robin?
No. Who is it? Tom Schaefer. It.
Bo Diddly. Talk about Kaya's Bo Diddly. Why?
Ask for the friendly ghost. Yeah. Who is it? It's some lady. You want to talk to her?
Who is it? I don't know who is this. Okay. Wait a minute. I'll talk to her.
Hello. I can't. Who is it?
Who is this? You want to say Mickey Dane? Oh my god. They are. Kyle just died.
Mine are almost as enormous as yours, Mickey. I know. We've seen him.
Exactly. Mickey Dane. I can't believe this. You know that we saw, wait a minute.
You know we saw Stanley J. Cohen hopping through the atrium the other day.
Well, when you put a spell on him and turned him into a giant frog,
then wait a minute. Wait a minute. Then I saw this movie last night.
This really freaky science fiction movie on cable. What's the name of that actress?
She was an exorcist too. You know how I'm talking about invaders from Mars. Invaders from Mars
is that the name of the movie? And she was eating this giant frog. You know something?
It looked just like Stanley. It was going down. I couldn't believe it.
I used to do what? Yeah. Yeah. This is old stuff. Exactly.
I think this is some kind of a new shock radio I've been doing this for years and nobody
paid any attention because I was on at night when everybody was asleep.
Yeah. Why is Mickey singing that Screamin' Jay Hawkins record? I'm going to put a spell on you.
I can't believe it. Why is that Mickey? All Mercury is retrograde right in the middle of
Shirley's show. Well that tells me a lot. Yeah. Incredible. Well it's always retrograde on Shirley's show.
See if you can put a spell on Shirley's numbers. Exactly. Well listen, hang in there Mickey.
Okay, we'll see you on the phone. Okay, a long time listener. Bye-bye.
There she goes. Mickey, she used to be on Waxi too. Thank God for her. She got off. These calls
are great. I know. See we get all kinds of personalities off of you. See who this is. This could be
Rhona Barrett. Hello. Neil does Halondale. That's the movie. She's telling us about Jerry Witsner.
Not coming the way we already talked about that. Witsner is a, you know, he's just a wild,
right-wing, neurotic bigot. That's all. So I'm not going to retract any of that because it's
all true. I know him. Believe me. I know him like a book and his bigotry is legendary. It's
unbelievable. In fact, when you look up Redneck in the dictionary, you'll see Jerry's picture.
That's it. It's like Desi Rue. I mean, a man is incredible.
Is he still, or we saw the new numbers for May? By the way, if Craig is listening, we don't
knock anybody on the F-rag. But don't tell those people on the audience we're making the numbers
up because we give them accurately. We don't knock Craig told some lady on the air at 330 in the
morning. We had a report from one of our spies that, oh, don't pay any attention to those numbers.
They're just spreading rumors. Those are only trends and they don't mean anything and the book
won't be on for another month. Trends. Well, you know, it's two thirds of the book. That's right.
They're numbers. We didn't just make them up. They're indicator. It's research.
Strong indicator. And boy, I'm telling you, those nighttime numbers,
talking at B-Jerry by 4-1 almost. Miniscule.
Jere. See, the problem with Jere's audience, they're all dying off. That's the problem.
It's true. Yeah. Does he still bring you? I know the people who listened to Dr. Bernard.
Their grandparents listened to Jere.
The great ghost. I don't care. I don't know. These are great calls. I really enjoy taking these off the air.
Oh, in other words, that's it. Well, no, I'll take a call. Well, we do have to do a break. That's true.
And then when we come back, you'll do some more. Okay. And I tell my story. Or not,
is the case. Maybe when you get through, when we exhaust all of these celebrities,
then perhaps we'll have time before the show ends and stand comes along. Now, if stand takes calls
today, could you see stand doing this? No. No. No way. No way, Jose. Kyle is thrilled that we're
delighted. Why? I felt we owed him something because yesterday he was at the end of his rope with
the major through. And I don't blame him. I mean, Stan, you know, it says right on the log here,
you know, what the spots are. You can call how many breaks you. I mean, is it complicated? Of
course, not. Oh, I made it in broadcasting. Look at that. Look at that.
Here's a big article about, uh, in decency radio sound and FCC's fury. And this week's broadcasting
you and Gary. Gary Lawrence. Gary Lawrence. Oh, we both made this. Huh?
Other morning people may not offer quite the same degree of shock, but there are those who seek
and profit from controversy. James Moby-Carnie on K-E-G-L-F-M Fort Worth has been quoted as saying,
I pick on ladies, I pick on gays, I pick my nose, I pick on fat white guys, red necks and
foreigners. Well, that sounds like Stan Major. listeners in the Miami area have complained to the
commission that W-I-N-Z FM's neo-rodgers. What do you like that? Why are they ahead of their time
or what? All right, let's hear it for Broadcasting Magazine. W-I-N-Z. Oh, if theater boulders in the
building, it's going to be coronary time on the FM. You got to. listeners in the Miami area have
complained to the commission that W-I-N-Z FM's neo-rodgers, the grades women, maligns the Pope,
is racist and anti-Semitic. One writer who said, Roger's called one woman an old fart.
Only one? Yeah, we've called a lot of people old fart. And you know what, every one of them we
call that was exactly that. Well, we're men too. Now, where's about Gary Lawrence? Is that in here
later on? Whose picture is that? Yeah. Okay. Gary Lawrence, general manager of W-I-N-Z FM,
said Roger's style is far removed from the stern, but not so far removed that he cannot be in
Lawrence's words insulting and controversial. He also noted that Roger's is the number one talk show
in South Florida. And that's it. And the rest goes on about that simple to enough the Kerala
Fox and Providence. Oh, that's who she does. She does a potty mouth idiot. Howard Stern clone.
Yeah, exactly. She went to class to copy Howard Stern study this tape. Yeah. Brilliant. Really good.
Quello lays it out. Former Broadcast station manager and current FCC commissioner James Quello.
He's the one that put all that dead air on WJR years ago. Touch briefly on the FCC's
indecency policy during a speech to the broadcast promotion and marketing executives honors
lunch in June 13th in Atlanta. The commission has caught in a crossfire. He said between first
amendment purists and a growing public public outcry for action against indecency on the year.
The FCC asserted is not an any kind of a Salem witch hunt to exercise evil dish jockeys or
ludes students and we're not creating a new law. We're trying to enforce an established law. He said
a law made difficult to enforce because of narrow interpretations of past FCC's. We are,
he said just reinterpreting the commission's legal precedent in a broader more practical way.
Personally, he said as a strong first amendment man, this gives me some problems. But he said that
the FCC's action was a response to a growing outcry citing 20,000 complaints and not three or four.
Now you see that's a lie. Okay. They had 20,000 complaints or letters last year. But the overwhelming
majority of those had nothing to do with indecent speech. Those were letters from listeners who were
complaining about signals being interfering or whatever it might have been. I mean, there are
dozens of different subjects and only a small minority of those had anything to do with indecent
speech. At the start of that article, as a matter of fact, there's a breakdown on the actual
numbers out of that 20,000. Most of them were television. Yeah. Complaints about the programming.
You know, it's interesting. They did that segment on the Padejo. They had Diane Caloria again in
the guy from the ACLU and Maria Schriver was doing the interview with her. There's something wrong
with her job. Oh, man, I'm telling you, your face is not all there. Part of it's missing. I
think you're not married. I think I think I'm sorry. You're not. Mr. Muscle. Can you imagine
laying underneath Arnold? But it's interesting. They kept talking about this radio. I'm sorry.
They kept talking about radio as they never at any time indicated the FCC ruling as anything to do
with television, which of course it does allegedly, but it's obviously allegedly, but it's obvious.
They're going to look the other way and isn't this interesting in May after the interest of the
public had been stimulated by the publicity given the commission's crackdown. The commission received
272 letters regarding obscenity, indecency, and profanity involving AM and FM stations and a
category headed AS, all services, including television and cable. The total was 357.
Yeah, after they stirred everybody up, that's what they did. They ended up...
So if after they stirred everybody up and got public response, you can imagine what it was like
six months before that. Hello. Hi. Yeah. Welcome to Talk to Us Off the Year.
WIensys, this guy wants to know if you know what WIOD really stands for. Tell us, sir.
We insist on douche bags. That's pretty good. And how about you? Who was it? Mike Miller? Yeah.
Okay. Hello. Thanks a lot, Mike. Hi. Hello. Nobody there. It was Mike Anthony at that. Yeah. Hello.
That's fruit cake. Yeah. He came off of there. When you give it a rest already,
go call Ron and Zach. He needs the call. And you're not supposed to talk to him either by the way.
It's not my fault. All right. If Mark, you'll have to do it. I didn't talk to him.
The thing, by the way, that's twice already. I didn't speak to him either time. Yeah. That's the
famous excuse. What are you pointing at Kyle? Oh, he's got nothing to do with it. Okay. They
boys look at that. You're looking for somebody to blame. Mark. Boy, you're glad. Yes. Not to do with this.
Go ahead. Hello. Hi. It's been out now. Yeah. Yeah. Get lost. My good friend.
A roll of that. He's doing something I've seen with a herald. I can tell. Oh, these calls. Hello.
credible, sir. Is it in Pompano? Mr. K. Get him off of there and don't dignify by using him that name.
Hello. Mr. Fruit would be much better. I'm going to have to take a break in a minute. Yes,
it is true. Is what true? Neil did make a movie. Neil does hallowed Dale. That's right. You know,
hello. Yes. Neil does Vegas. This is Glenn. Two things. Number one. Yeah. That's the
marvelous president we have. Yeah. Oh, how we almost forgot about her in the midst of all these
goings on here today. Yeah. And this guy sitting over here always pushing the numbers,
need those calls. We don't need any calls on this show. We don't care if anybody calls. Look at
that. They're all calling that we don't care. As we continue to break new ground. You don't call
it when I come back from vacation. I'm going away again and take the call. Oh, no other talks.
So they hear it is. Here's the every Wednesday we wait breathlessly. Those of us in the business.
We wait with baited breath for the Wednesday Linda Thornton radio column in the Miami
Herald. Don't wait. True. Now, isn't it interesting? Was it two days ago that we got the it was
Monday two days ago and the memory is correct that the arbitrains came out. Correct. And of course
nobody anywhere in the country pays any attention to birch because Tom Birch, of course some of some
of the people feel pulled the numbers out of a hat. And the birch survey is still questionable at
best because all those little pre-pubes and kids answer the phone at night. And oh, we're listening
to a power 96. So they're making scratching sounds on the phone and on each other. Yeah, he rolls
the dice and comes up with the numbers. And so far, you know, he's rolling your snake eyes.
Anyway, there's nothing in Linda's column about the arbitrant. Right. But it came out Monday. But
there is another one of these listings, the birch top 10. Now she were listing birch beer top 10.
That would be more exciting like they have a steak and shake. Of course, we know that steak and
shake is going out of business because Mike Miller told us that and it must be true. The steak and
shake are no fools. They're not going to come to this market. Even crystal won't come to this
market. You notice that? Can you blame him? Well, there's nothing like going to Tampa and going
through crystal and just opening the trunk and say, fill her up. You know, I know. It's greasy
little burgers. That's great. When you're depressed, like if you have a bad show, like after Ricky
Tiki leaves Waxie every day, he should have a chance to drive right through crystal every day.
He's probably going to go through fun ruckers up there. It's right near their studios at Waxie
up there where the turn is on sunrise. Am I right? Yeah, federal highway. Absolutely.
And one thing about fun ruckers now, there's one in my neighborhood and I finally did get to go there.
Well, first of all, I mean, talk about standing online for an hour and a half to get a hamburger.
How good can a hamburger be? You know what I'm saying? I mean, it can be sensational,
but to wait for an hour and a half, I can't believe you had to wait. Oh, you wait for a lifetime.
And then when in my neighborhood? When you get it, it tastes good, but about three hours later,
your stomach is doing the Mexican hat thing. Oh, talk about making a mad dash.
Really? After you eat there, you want to stay very close to home for a few hours. Trust me,
you know what I'm saying? Or do a place where they have a very readily available facility.
In fact, for a lot of you people over there, a lot of the prunes in the audience who haven't
had a good movement in a long time, head for that place because, boy, with a couple of hours,
it'll be an explosion. It'll be like an earthquake. But anyway, here's Linda with the top 10 Miami
for a lot of Dale stations in Birch. And to give you an idea of who answers the phone, okay?
What do you think's number one? It's always a ratchee scratchy scratchy WPO, W power, powerless
90 seconds, 10.4 share. They got a 10.4 share like I've got an 87.3. In fact, I may be closer to an
80. You know what I'm saying? 10.4. Then life with a 6.1. And it's always there is not one AM
station in the list. Never. Not one. There's never been. That's because all these little kids answer
the phone. Here's hot 105. And we know that nobody listens to them anymore. Enjoyless 107.
And the EDR and GTR and the kids at laxie and magic 102.758. And that's it. From a 10.4
down to a 360. In other words, what Linda's trying to say is that AM radio is dead. Of course,
we know that Linda's listening here right now. And at the bottom of the column, it says Linda
Arthuran will be a guest host on the Roger show from 10.2 PM to 2.2 on W.I.N.Z 790 AM.
They know where we are. It's at 9.4. This is not the Sun Sentinel 9.40 AM. Her guests from 10.
AM to noon will be radio program and operations directors Peter Bulger of save 94.9 FM Bill Tanner
of Power 96 WPO W FM Rick Shaw of the laxie FM and Alvin Alvis Alvis from the
Presley Alvis Presley. Nobody can put Alvis. Alvis. Alvis Shirouce. I don't think we can say that
in of WTMI FM though and ever. All these suits in our audience. From noon to 2, her guest will be
FM morning DJs Greg Budell of gloves 94. Sonny Fox. Oh, now wait a minute. Was that part of the deal?
Sorry. What are you trying to do? Give me a change my mind about going on vacation. Sonny Fox of Y-100
and Dean Cashman and Jeff Chase of Zeta. Yeah. Oh boy. Sonny's been dying to talk on this show.
American Airlines plays. Sonny's only way sonny can get on this show. Call my travel agent
immediate. Sonny is going to be in the studio. As far as I know. Maybe he'll bring that banana mouth
with him. Come along sonny. Are you two? Come along. He's going to be in this studio sitting in two
of these chairs. Dmitations are very clear. You people are to come alone. You're the only people
listed in the Harold are going to be admitted into this studio except for Ricky Tiki is going to
be on the phone this phone. Is that true? Yeah. Why is that? Too busy. Oh, like Carlos.
He's too busy. Well, isn't that interesting? Carlos is too busy and Ricky Tiki is too busy. Now,
I don't want to plan any ideas in your mind but we'll put three in one together exactly
and come up with six in a hand which is what they wish they could come up with in the book.
Powerless 96. Tom Birch, if you're listening, why do you take calls with those six-year-old kids
who answer the phone who can't even speak English who have no idea what you're talking about?
The Birch report. You know what I love in the Birch report when you go down hour by hour
in there are stations like 50,000 watt stations that have zeros. And then the next hour they
help like a seven. Seven share. You know what it's like? Remember Paul? Yeah. Years ago it's like
Paul. Why don't you just tell them no request today? That's all very simple. Put your foot down.
Be a man. Like me. Okay, my watch is sliding down my wrist. Okay, a macho man. A macho man like me
with only one limperist. It's 11 before two at WINZ. We'll come back.
HX Renacar helps you get what you're going to on time.
This airport track. Because I learned my lesson, I cashed my paycheck and I took a couple of bucks
out and I deposited the rest of this cash. And thank goodness marked on the slip deposit is cash.
Okay, I sent out my checks, American Express, my car payment and FPNL were three of them,
which are three of the most important on your credit report. Yeah. And they sent them all back
on collected funds. They're standing. I mean, to hear it is one thing to understand it would
help a little bit. I don't watch those shows. Go ahead. Thank goodness. Well, I knew there was
something positive. Anyway, in the ads and TV guide, there's a guy and there's a girl in the ad.
Well, that's a new day. And the guy is Lee Gillette. That was all I wanted to tell you. The guy is
you mean we waited almost four hours for that? That's right. If you want to see what Lee looks like,
folks, look in your TV guide. You want to hear what Lee sounds like? 16 point calls in a row.
With Neil Rogers, a 94 W I N C.
Play the one about no Glenn Hill in a rut. Lee was in here. Lee was in here before with his
girlfriend. She said she met him in a watermelon patch. Oh, yeah. And they do it to me all the time.
You're wrong. Yeah, I should do a show on Dan Rather today. Joanne wants Glenn to know that Bill
from W I O D is waiting for his film equation. Oh, oh, my god. Oh, now if you call him and then you
come back on Stan show, we could have perhaps one of the biggest pieces of news. This could be some
of the hottest gossip in the history of mankind. Well, you just said Lee has got to cut a new promo that
says now one rumor in a row. Oh, yeah. Neil Rogers show it. That'd be great. Who said are you listening
now Lee's on the air. So that means he called the PDs off. It's you're looking for. Oh boy.
All right. It could be something. We have a duty. Maybe they got a job for you. Yeah, will you sit there while I call him?
Just sit while I sit where? Just, you know, across the desk. Well, I call the guy. I'm nervous.
I'm nervous. Yeah, just sit in the office. Well, what does that mean? I have to be a
perfection. I don't want me to play. I want, I got to get a witness by Mark and I started yelling at him.
Uh, you'll end up thinking of. I don't know for what? Maybe we help to get the guy job. Yeah.
Or maybe we got him fired. Maybe you got him fired. Not me. Yeah. Maybe they want to play a softball game.
Who knows? Yeah. Why would they call me? Well, we only play a hardball here at W.I.N.
Boy, that can't true. We want you guys in a business to understand that. We only play a hardball. Yep.
None of this soft stuff for us. That's right. And we furnished the balls. Okay. That having been said.
That having been said is going to do it for us. But stick around because after the news, we're going to
kind of segue into the stand major show. We're going to start them off. He always is begging, you know,
for something really juicy to start off the show. And I have a feeling that today is going to be
the day. We're going to have rumors that haven't even been invented yet with people who haven't even been born yet.
