Now presents Taffy McCallum.
If you'd like to join in the conversation, call 624-0191-N-D.
Or 764-07-07-Imbraherd.
And now, here's Taffy McCallum.
It takes a special lead of men to get these phones
across the roughest part of the Colorado River.
Or to get that tug alongside a 5,000-ton super-tacker.
And when it's all sitting down, you know...
You were the man in charge of bringing her home.
Yeah, that's me.
You.
Come on.
Get serious.
Hey, that's not you.
Give me.
You're like most peer drinkers.
All you want is eight hours of football.
A tuple of freedom.
Yeah.
And a couch, big enough to handle you and your tooth.
Your big as mounted on to speed.
Big as a mounted.
Beer belly, big bottom.
No problem here.
Just have another king of extra heavy touch spears.
We're brewing the beer for the biggest party you've ever had.
Don't be gazimounted for touch spears.
That's the touch breweries. Say you need Missouri.
Okay, I thought that would be a good way to start the show today
because I'm going to give you a great story about my trip to the proctologist yet.
Carlos is on the line.
Are you serious?
Carlos.
Neil.
Is this Carlos or is this an imposter?
Listen to the scene. I'm making a label.
Okay.
Garrett?
Now, Linda, you would like Carlos.
Carlos is 17.
Carlos is 17.
How old are you, Linda?
22.
22.
So what are you laughing about?
Is 17 a bad age?
Two young.
You could kind of mother him a little bit.
No thanks.
Neil, I make up.
What?
I make up for the age.
Oh, I...
Oh, we got all these well-endowed callers this morning, man.
At least, at least, the ancient afterno question about that.
Is this incredible or what?
I don't...
Well, let me ask you.
Here's that Jeff Stryker picture.
How do you think Carlos would measure up to that?
Well, I've never met Carlos.
No.
What do you think, Carlos?
He looks interesting.
Who does?
I'm going to take the picture.
Show it after her closely.
I thought she'd be a funny guy.
Oh, my God!
She took one look at that picture.
She said, oh, God.
Now, this is turning into a religious show already, Carlos.
So this is part of the mail we get we told to Linda.
Yeah, this came into my own estimate.
Don't look at me like I go out and pick up that stuff.
People send us these.
Oh, I like to pick that up, but that's an understero.
I think Linda would, too.
So how's your girlfriend doing, Carlos?
Thank you.
All right.
Better couple fights than we weekend.
Uh-oh.
Did you hear that?
Carlos had a couple of fights over the weekend with his girlfriend.
There's a chance here, Linda.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
We're the fights about Carlos.
As if I were looking.
The fights were about the fact that he called this show.
See, I think that's what's happening.
That's why these other guys are disappearing.
There's their girlfriends here about it.
They start getting threatened.
You know what I'm saying?
Well?
She's very distracted.
Yeah, she's really distracted with these pictures here now.
Especially that one that says the pizza boy he delivers.
She is really nervous about that.
She never saw pepperoni like that in all the unbelievable.
Yes, I have.
Have you really?
Oh, you have?
Mm-hmm.
So in other words, this doesn't impress you at all.
Nope.
No.
I've shocked around before I stopped.
Probably had windixie no doubt.
Among other things.
I'll listen, Carlos.
I want to reinforce what I told you the other day.
And I hope it's not too late.
Don't even think about what you were talking about.
I'm not.
I'm Tanya.
I know.
I was at the proctologist yesterday and I was thinking about you while I was there.
I'm serious.
I was thinking about our conversation on the last week.
I said to my friend, Dr. Bendova, I said listen.
I said, I don't know what that thing is, but get it out of my body now immediately.
Oh boy, I'll tell you that's quite an experience.
What?
An atmosphere.
Not good.
No, not good.
I'm not into that kind of stuff and I just don't understand these people who are.
Believe me, that's not what God created that for.
At all.
Right, Linda?
Really?
Yeah.
Is this man?
Yes, sir, husband's right here and he came into protector because he knew a lot of horny guys would be calling.
Now you got a girlfriend.
You wouldn't mess around on the side, would you?
Sure.
An animal.
How about that?
No, I'm not wearing that one.
No, he knows his girlfriend's listening.
Does she listen to this show?
No, I think she's sleeping right now.
I don't think I'm going to call her.
Carlos, it's 10 to 11 in the morning.
What did you do?
Keep her up all night again?
Not that late.
Why is she sleeping at 10 to 11?
Well, you're running out of your toe park.
She sleeps still, too?
I said we were up top two.
Oh, doing what?
Talking.
Good, that's good.
Talking out, ironing out your argument, straightening things out.
It's always big.
But you didn't do anything bad.
I'm nothing bad.
No, only good, right?
Let's hope it was good.
Linda wants to report.
She wants to know, was it good for you?
When?
Yeah.
What were we talking about?
Last night when you were keeping her up at the do-al-gon.
Naturally.
What did she say last night?
Last night what?
When you were doing whatever you were doing, go to a clock.
She wants to know, was it good?
She wants to report.
Oh, yeah, it was good.
Good.
That's excellent.
Is it ever bad?
No, I mean, what kind of a stupid question is that?
It's never been bad.
Good, that's excellent.
Well, listen, go back to your labels, Carlos.
And it's nice to know that we have at least one loyal listener we can depend on.
Okay.
I'm serious.
Okay.
You know, the rest of these people are just like fly by night.
You know, they're here today, they abuse, they exploit the show,
for little stardom and man they're gone.
But with you, you know, with that tough job you got with those labels.
We know we can count on you.
I'll come in, never let me come in.
Would you come into the show?
Yeah.
I thought you worked, Carlos.
No, I can get off.
I mean...
I don't want to get into that.
I can come in.
I have my own house.
Not only does he have a tough job where he puts labels on what?
On garments?
But he makes his own hours up as he goes along.
Oh, I'm not coming in today.
I got to go be on a radio show, you know.
Tough job.
What?
I said a tough job.
So when are you coming in, Carlos?
Anytime you want.
See, he won't show up.
No.
Tomorrow, I won't come today, but I'll come tomorrow.
Tomorrow, tomorrow morning at 10.
At 10?
Oh, no, how tomorrow at 11?
We don't want you to get up too early.
About lunchtime.
No one would be great.
Maybe we'll even get food, in fact, food is coming tomorrow.
It is.
That gourmet buffet.
All right, I'm in.
I'll be there.
Yeah, sure.
Three food?
Three food?
Sir, do you like seafood?
In other words, if you see it, will you eat it?
That's the question.
No, seriously, no one tomorrow.
Do you know where we are?
No, you need directions.
Not on the air.
No, not on the air.
All right, we'll put them back on.
You'll give them directions.
Watch your car.
I'll be delighted to give you directions, because then he doesn't have to talk to anybody else.
Okay, hold on, Carlos.
Will, sir, are you really coming or is this just a put on again?
I work out.
Okay, hold on.
Okay, that's on two.
What do you think, the audience?
We have another guest tomorrow.
What do we have a hold?
Evie, a guest?
What do you think the audience are here?
Food, yeah.
You're here with bells on the open of feed you, folks, because you look well fed.
I mean, over and over, not over fed.
You just look just right.
We don't want to do anything to harm that.
Miami, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Linda.
Yes.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Oh, another horny caller, I can hear it in your voice.
Listen, Linda.
Yes.
What does it really feel like?
I mean, when you came to those big, pearly gates there, I and Z.
And you realize that you were going to meet this guy.
I'm sure you had some preconceived ideas as to what he was like.
Is he like what you thought he would be or is he different?
Well, I've already, I've met him before.
Well, you met him today, yes.
I'll see, so you already knew just about how he was doing.
Linda, Linda, I have a little thing going on the side that...
I don't want to talk about it on the air to room my hands.
Did you meet the bird before?
Excuse me?
Did you meet the bird?
No, no, I hadn't.
Okay, so what do you think of him?
Let me ask you, before you answer, let me ask you this.
Okay.
Not married, okay?
And let's say you were strolling at the...
You from Broward County, right?
No, I'm from date.
Oh, let's say you were at Daylam Mall.
And you saw this guy coming through Burdhines with...
No, which guy is this?
The bird?
Yeah.
Okay.
Would you turn your head?
No, no, no, no.
What's the question?
Huh?
Well, even though I am married, so...
You've caught some men, too, don't you, my hand.
Oh, well, mine, that.
I mean, I'm saying if you were single.
I mean, you're single days, of course.
You remember your single days, Linda.
Yes, as a matter of fact, I'm...
Okay, and then you saw the bird.
I mean, if you saw him walking through Burdhines, you know,
strolling or strolling.
Uh-huh.
Well, would you turn your head or not?
No.
It was not, okay, it's not.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Hey, the other thing I want to ask you, Linda.
He might turn her stomach a little bit, but not her head.
Okay.
How do you feel about being there, though?
I mean, this is the first time inside of a room.
This guy is excited, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
He is.
This guy is so excited, I'm telling you, he can barely keep it in his face.
And...
I'll tell you, Linda.
I'm very short.
I'm very short.
Yes, I'm fine with one.
Excuse me?
I said you're compacting stuff.
You could say that?
I'm sorry.
She's not real short.
She just...just right.
Oh, just right.
How tall are you?
I'm six feet tall.
And you're how tall?
About five...
Five-one?
Five-one?
Wait a minute, stand up for a second.
But up.
Yeah, I had high heels on.
Yeah, but she doesn't look short.
No.
No, she looks just fine.
She's a tall person.
She's perfect for you.
Okay, it's great.
Linda, I'm going over to the Bahamas.
Since Neil's trip is already taken for the Hawaiian trip.
Yeah, this trip...
Sure, if I can bring my husband up.
I would have gone to Hawaii with you.
You could definitely invite your husband.
Hey, that sounds great.
How old are you?
How old am I?
I'm 24.
24?
Now that's a little more up your alley, right?
Yeah.
Yes, it is, but...
I still don't know.
I still don't know.
Don't close any doors yet, okay?
You don't know, probably.
Just leave it all kind of open and let's see where this goes.
It'd be no problem.
Well, a husband's getting a very surly look on his face.
He knows better.
No, he knows better.
Well, he's good food and we'll have it just a hell of a time.
Sounds great.
You say?
Um...
Give me a call in my...
Well, we're over there.
I told you this guy was desperate.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, boy.
You can tell.
What's your first name?
We're going to take my husband's mark.
Another mark.
Yeah.
Now this is not the same mark.
No.
This is a different mark.
This is the first time I've called you, really?
Really?
Remember what he said?
And you just decided to call while I was here.
Yeah, see, yes.
I was listening, yes.
I listen every day.
But I was listening yesterday.
I met a friend of mine last night that you would show up.
Really?
Oh, more.
No, thanks.
I bet him that you wouldn't show up.
I could have told you there was no chance that Linda would not show up.
No chance.
But you know what you said to me.
You thought maybe she'd be just like everybody else that you invited or took call, at least.
That never returned to call.
What did I say to you this morning?
You could go to the bank on that you would show up.
Well, you were right.
She's dependable.
Yeah.
That's good.
Well, anyway, I want you to tell major that I was at the Paddle of Bell concert this past Sunday.
And I met Sandra Santiago and Olivia Brown or whatever.
Wow.
You better call Stan and drive him.
Oh, Stan.
I mean, I won't be here when he comes off.
Oh, too bad.
And he told me you hit them off.
Now, okay, well listen, we've given you a little introduction now and the rest is up to you.
Okay.
Take it easy.
Okay.
There you go.
Your first proposition of the morning.
I like that.
Well, listen, Linda's going to stick around here for a while.
And if you'd like to talk to Linda, we certainly invite you.
They all want to talk to her.
That's interesting.
Nobody's interested in me, but I'm old hat here.
6249400.
There's an open line in date.
Michael is here.
He's going to be chatting with Linda after his news break.
Well, this from CBS at 11.
And we'll come back at 1106.
And when's and Linda's a little bit upset because she expected a lot more stimulating call.
So am I quoting you correctly?
Yes.
She said she's a little bit more intellectual stimulation.
Now, so far, the first group of callers we've had would like to be involved in certain amount of stimulation, but not necessarily intellectual.
I'm pretty sure it wouldn't be intellectual.
Well, we got a bunch of animals out there.
Don't you understand it?
They're just walking hormones.
And they all decide to call today.
Exactly.
Well, because they heard your wonderful voice and they started fantasizing.
I mean, that's been the topic on the station for days now.
Fantasy.
That's true.
Gosh.
It's getting pretty old, right?
You know, I mean, keep your fantasy to yourself, you know?
Exactly.
It's like you keep your fantasy.
I mean, if you're sitting there at home fantasizing about Linda now because of her voice, don't tell us about it.
Really?
Just do it.
Yeah.
That's true.
I don't want to hear the go-ah.
Well, let's see.
I'm going to be able to get that out of the way.
I'm going to be able to get that out of the way.
I'm going to be able to get that out of the way.
I'm going to be able to get that out of the way.
I'm going to be able to get that out of the way.
I'm going to be able to get that out of the way.
I'm going to be able to get that out of the way.
I'm going to be able to get that out of the way.
I'm going to be able to get that out of the way.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
Okay, I know you just passed.
Not a nice answer, I know.
Just take the call.
Dr. Wons, W-I-N-Z to pay for toilet radio.
Man, it makes no sense.
What does that mean?
No sense.
Weird.
Okay, well, let's get away from that.
Let's get out of the toilet and back into our intellectual call.
Oh, this one in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes.
Come on there.
Yes, sir.
I am.
Yes, sir.
Okay, good.
Let me see.
I used to listen to other talk radio stations.
But I found, I tune in to your show,
who are most intriguing, your techniques are just second to none.
I know.
Stimulating, provocative.
This one makes the show so exciting.
Exactly.
Unvehicable.
Off the wall.
And my legs are perverted.
Yo, test.
I'm sorry?
All of the above.
That's correct.
Okay, good.
Good adjudgment, yes.
Secondly, the idea of having someone from your listening audience to appear,
maybe you want to do this on a regular basis.
We're going to, we got Carlos tomorrow and then we have to hear a convict,
you'll be here on the news.
We are, I see.
We just went due to the rest of the stations.
I mean, we got guys on the other station that are screaming and trying to get people to call,
they're taking and pleading.
Yeah.
Here is the distinct mixed people listen.
Exactly.
And Linda's got a full board of calls.
She hasn't even said anything yet.
Absolutely.
And this lady sounds great.
I mean, she is.
She's like, good looking lady.
She is.
She's still there.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Are you a resident of the community here?
Local residents here?
Yes, I am.
I'm born and raised.
Where else can you go and get on talk really on beautiful, a local resident?
It's amazing.
Yeah, absolutely.
I want to ask one question.
Well, she would have been, if you wait a minute, if she would have been like Georgia,
we wouldn't have put her on.
Yeah.
I got it.
It's been the background with the, with the laugh.
I've never really caught his name here.
What's that?
What's that?
Is that...
You mean the bird?
Yes, is that the bird?
Yeah.
What do you call him the bird?
Good question.
Do you reason for being called the bird?
Do I need to call someone else?
Do you see him as to know it, sir?
Oh, really?
Yeah, he looks like a bird.
He looks like Tweety Bird.
Oh, OK.
And he laughs like Tweety Bird.
And he acts like Tweety Bird.
So in the idea, then, I would be that you have to...
You have to have to have him laugh, and have the guests lend it to laugh.
Yeah.
Would make for a great show today.
Exactly.
Just have him laugh for three more hours.
It would be nice if he could just announce this,
and have people stand by with their tape recorders,
have both of them laugh solid for 60 seconds.
Could that be done?
No.
How about 20 seconds?
It's got to be funny.
It's got to be spontaneous.
Yeah, it's got to be...
Yeah, if they keep the tapes rolling, something will develop, you know?
Yeah, listen.
I was listening to all these other collars when I...
When I was hanging on here, and I was hoping you didn't pick up the line
because they were at the time,
that I was calling it was a maintenance man on my shower.
And I didn't want to come on and say, wait a minute,
I just made this man on my shower.
Yeah.
Because I knew I would lead my circuit to some murky water by saying that.
Well, you've managed to manipulate the story very well,
and that's a good excuse, you.
It's a good story.
One other question is this.
I noticed you said, you go to the track a lot.
You go to callers, I correct?
You bet.
You play the racist there.
You bet.
No, I just go there and I watch, you know?
Okay, do you not have a handicap?
Yeah.
Do you get good tips?
No.
You don't.
You get nothing.
Actually, do you have a win?
On occasion.
Actually.
Like, you know, once or twice a year.
All right, three.
Okay.
Have you ever worked for a national TV network,
a radio network or something?
You have the voice like you've been involved in...
You know, like the NBC News got a couple of years.
Yeah, one of the...
In a previous life, I was chet-huntly.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Well, listen, have a good time in the shower and we'll see you later.
Okay, meet the smears of waves on me.
I'll get a good bet.
Okay, give them my best.
Okay, give me your best.
Here's a speaking of the shower.
Isn't it amazing how this show just kind of flows along?
Always.
Here's a lady in the shower.
Hello.
There she is.
It's our lady in the shower.
Come on.
Hi.
Hi.
This is that intellectual stimulation you were waiting for.
Oh, there she goes.
She always gets right in midstream there.
Oh, yeah.
So to speak.
But it was a good call.
And she was real good.
Oh, yeah.
Now, Linda, were you stimulated by that?
No.
Do you think I look like Tweety Bird?
Why are you people getting me in the middle of it?
No, be honest.
Be honest.
You know the cartoon, right?
So that's the best thing I can't.
You've had incredibly...
Okay, the putty tab.
You've had exactly...
You've had incredibly honest answers so far.
Well, I can't be anything but...
Right.
So that's why I ask you.
Oh, wait a minute.
Before she answers the question, if somebody maxes all do it,
go in the programming office and get that glass, you know,
with the Tweety Bird glass that's sitting on his desk.
See, it's much easier to make a comparison when you have the...
...pairing...
...pairing...
...pairing...
Side by side.
I want to have you make a snap judgment, okay?
Well, you know, if you have an imagination...
...uh...
...yeah...
...but now you're back to fantasies again.
Right.
Uh...
Wait till she sees this...
...I'm telling you.
It looks exactly like...
...a dead ringer.
Now, these are very important questions.
Oh, here comes the glass.
Here.
Thank you so much, Max.
I'm scared.
Take a look at that.
You're probably a little...
...the little hair's thinking...
...you see a striking resemblance...
...to the bird.
Uh...
...she's not saying anything.
She's just laughing.
He's on the desk.
Her head is on the desk.
Now she's on the floor.
She...
...he...
...he...
...he...
...he...
...he...
...speak to us.
Now, see, she said she couldn't laugh for 60 seconds.
60 minutes now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She's laughing right into that mud.
Now you know, now, Linda, you understand why I sit here and laugh hysterically.
Everybody criticizes me.
But how can you possibly sit here and not laugh?
I mean, I would challenge anyone.
It's unavoidable.
That's true.
It's just sit here next to you.
As long as you're not the kind of person that gets bothered about everything.
Exactly.
We have a little mirror in front of the bird over there and he just sits and looks in it and laughs.
I would challenge anyone to sit next to the king and not laugh.
Wouldn't you agree?
It would be...
I'm sure there would be some people who wouldn't.
Well, yeah, Miami Beach perhaps.
We could find a kind of...
...but I'm talking about a normal...
...living and breathing, you know, active person.
I wouldn't propose to be normal.
Everything's relative.
Okay.
Now, you've looked at the glass.
This is one of those...
What does it say?
You're right.
What does it say at the bottom of the glass?
It says Tweety.
Tweety.
So we know who this is, right?
Well, the shadow over there.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
There's a drinking glass.
It's got yellow pictures of the bird.
Mm-hmm.
And it says Tweety at the bottom.
Okay.
And Pepsi on the side.
A little Michael Jackson influenced it.
Okay.
Now, what's the verdict?
You're right.
The spitting image.
Oh.
Close?
Very close.
Yeah.
Very close.
Not just close.
Very close.
Like maybe twin brothers.
Right?
Hattest from the same egg.
Cousins, yeah.
Okay.
Cousins hatched from the same bunch of eggs.
Okay.
There it is.
Hollywood.
Hollywood, what?
Did we catch you in midstream here, sir?
Oh, sir.
Okay.
Okay.
I would like to say to Linda.
Yes.
All the people that have come up there called you up and ever say they were going to show up.
She is the first person to do it.
That's true.
Yeah.
She's a great American.
Yeah.
You have a good work.
You know?
I mean, this was great.
Yeah.
It's great.
Yeah.
Well, okay, with it.
Girl.
Hello.
And Neil.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
What did that mean?
Well, I mean, she should...
She's thought in a warm-up now.
Yeah.
You can tell.
You know, I mean, when she first came on there, she was sitting there all by your omniscient.
No, she's just sitting next to the bird.
That's all.
Oh, well.
Hey.
The bird out of the bird.
Well, I was just sitting here wondering what to expect.
That's all.
Well, hey.
But Neil, about my army vice jacket, I'm another one of those.
Oh, no.
I hate to do that.
You know, they laugh at me.
That's the last poke they took a poll.
Oh, okay.
No, but what number do I have to call to get Kyle and stuff, you know?
Oh, no, not Kyle.
Go in.
When he's off the...
To find out about this stuff.
Because I heard other people have had difficulties about this.
And...
Well, what we're going to be doing is sending out about a couple of dozen Marlin Bailey voodoo dolls
with your own personal pins, okay?
I've got to be sending out those.
And then once everybody is finished sticking the pins in long enough and hard enough, that might just produce some results.
He made this commitment, sir.
Yeah.
And we appreciated the commitment at the time, which was very great.
It was great.
And more than I can tell you, I appreciate all the great generous things.
However, if you're going to make a commitment, you've got to follow through.
And unfortunately, we've got a whole bunch of people.
I don't know how many.
I mean, it's, you know, who knows how many of this time who are just foaming mad at us.
Hey, I'm not mad at you.
Okay. Well, I'm glad there's one.
Do you want to take my cat to Hawaii?
No, leave noodles here, sir.
No noodles. We got sweetie pie and pumpkin head and the weasel.
You...
Oh, no. Really going on.
Now, you can call me on the business line after two.
Number is it?
624-6101.
624-6101.
646-6101.
Oh, wow.
Brian, very good.
Excellent, sir. Good work.
All right, Linda. Yes.
All right, you're on there.
Yeah.
You are encapsulating all the feelings of all the people that want to be a new show
and just book out our men.
Both of them.
Book out it and just keep your hands off his legs.
Well, I'm not too close enough to him to do that.
You'd have to have pretty long arms.
He's not that type of guy.
Yeah.
All right, Neil, we love you.
I'm sitting here with my Jeff Striker picture, sir.
So just leave me alone.
Well, that's the reason you weasel and get to work.
Good luck to you, sir.
Okay, good.
And the good luck with your jacket because of what can I say?
Yeah.
Depressing, isn't it?
Very. Of course, what?
One thing I noticed about the callers is that they...
They tend to not really react to what you're saying.
Right.
They kind of...
Oh, that's all they've been up to.
This is what they want to say and they have their own agenda.
And whatever you say, they don't want to go with it.
Right.
Right.
It's a problem.
Yeah, it's...
I mean, if you're going to call somebody, you should react to what they're saying.
And listen to what they're saying.
Yeah.
That's all conversation.
Exactly.
We don't have conversation.
We don't have a whole lot of them.
No, we're nearer.
There's too over there.
There's too much of a point of people out there, including the woman in the shower.
I think one of the guys that called early was that the second guy that really sounded super horny.
Oh, but he sounded worse, more desperate than saying.
It was the second one, yeah.
The one of the Bahamas.
Yeah.
Was that the one?
No, that was the third one.
The second one.
Boy, she's keeping track.
She's taking notes.
Oh, yeah.
Now, if we could get him together with Lady in the shower.
Telling him.
That's what it's going to take.
Do I always enjoy her calls, though?
She's very good.
Oh, you always look forward to your steamy calls.
That's right.
20 minutes after 11 at WINZ, we're going to come back with Linda.
Everybody in the world wants to speak to her.
Nobody wants to talk to me anymore.
And of course, or may they say around town, we have become...
Pass it.
Deep throat is next.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Deep throat, your mother called here the other day.
Really?
Did you hear that call?
I didn't.
Mrs. Throat.
Yeah.
She wants you to call her.
Really?
Would I forget to make my bed?
Yeah, she said that you call here and you call all your friends,
but you never call her.
Have you called her lately?
Oh, how to do that?
Yeah, would you please?
Oh.
That sounds like something my mother would say.
Exactly.
She was good.
We enjoyed talking to her.
Please call.
Honest?
Yeah, Saturday.
Oh, Saturday.
She called Stanley.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Anyway, Linda's got like the best voice, the sight east of Kathy West.
Thank you.
She surely sounds good.
Yeah.
But she should put an ELL at the end of her name, like Budell, Rantell Spindell.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Liddell?
Okay.
To do enough.
And Neil, I think you should have Carlos and Adam on the same day.
That's a good idea that we can kill one bird with two callers.
Oh, boy.
Not your proctologist visits.
Yes.
Don't complain about the exploratory device with the camera on the end.
Okay?
Be thankful you live in this day and age, because before transistors, those TV cameras had large glass vacuum tubes.
Ah, ha, ha, ha.
And also, all these mantra guys have called up and promised to come on your show and they never show up.
Yeah.
You shouldn't be insulted, okay?
They promised the girlfriend the same things, okay?
And never deliver.
The story.
Yeah.
Well, you know what they say?
No equipment, no delivery.
Well, listen, it's great hearing from you.
The one thing I'm closing.
And call your mother, yes.
The news in bad news.
The weather in Hawaii is great.
That's the good news.
The bad news is Marvin Bailey.
The one is promised those tickets to the station.
Yeah.
Okay.
I know.
Well, listen, I never wanted to go there anyway.
Although there are some things in Hawaii.
Not really.
She's smiling at the picture.
Show her that picture close.
That's a young Hawaiian man with a lay around his neck.
Yeah, you do get laid when you go to Hawaii.
They put that right around your neck.
Don't interrupt.
We'll let you know what we want you to squawk.
Sorry.
Now, don't turn it over on the other side to read it.
I just want you to look at that picture and tell me what you think.
Let's go to OK.
Okay, let's go to OK.
Attractive.
Yeah.
Sensuous.
I don't know.
So here's too many muscles for me.
I don't like old, you know, it's just a little too much.
Just a little.
OK, well, I'm glad I won't have any competition.
Two.
Two.
One.
One.
One.
One.
Two.
One.
Two.
One.
Do you ever see the movie The Time Tunnel with Gina?
You're in the Sound Tunnel on Wednesdays.
You're in the Sound Tunnel on Wednesdays.
You're in the Sound Tunnel on Wednesdays.
God, I hope we don't run into noodles again.
So this goes on long enough.
We all get swept up in the Sound Tunnel.
And we go back into a different age.
And we went when we come out.
We'll be on PDK and Pittsburgh in 1920.
Doing the same thing.
Yeah.
That's really weird.
That's real weird.
So Linda, you see what kind of an audience you're talking to now?
74 New York Wions.
Let's, we have another break to do here I assume.
And I should have let that go.
We could let that go on forever.
No, maybe you'll call back.
We'll be right back.
Baby, for news, when.
Okay, we just, we're going to build a monument to Kyle right now.
Can you believe Mickey Dane called here not once but twice?
And I asked Kyle what did she want?
He said, I don't know because soon as she said her name, I hung up both times.
And award wedding performance.
That's the way we like to handle her.
What does she need me for to promote her psychic experience with Elvis?
Her sayons with Elvis.
You know what she's going to find out that in a previous life, Elvis was Jack McDermott.
It's going to be incredible.
Somebody in Hellendale has the Miami News and I can't wait for the cello.
Hello, now.
Yes, sir.
Hello to you in Berlin, the wind and lindy sound awfully lovely.
Thank you.
And not all gentlemen are think below the belt.
I know that point.
This is the place.
Here's a cardiologist.
His name is Bart Heffernin, a pop-it-o-be.
Oh, no.
Oh, you've got to be kidding me.
And he says he was formed a committee to promote first amendment rights and obligations in comp.
Oh, so in other words, now he finds that he's the one behind this.
He's been doing this for years trying to get me off the air this idiot Bart Heffernin.
I haven't heard the best part of it yet.
He says, I think the station is irresponsible.
I don't want to hurt them, but I just think they need better programming.
And then he's in the middle of the station.
Wait a minute.
Why does he work on the programming of all the other stations?
They got like one year's.
What isn't work on them?
Well, because you're popular, Neil.
And this guy, he's not popular.
You know, he's a quack.
That's the problem.
He is a quack.
He's an idiot.
Listen to that.
Heffernin's group has taken out advertisements in the voice.
The newspaper of the archdiocese of Miami.
So there, you know, right there, tells you where they're going.
Good.
Well, I'm glad that we know for sure now it's Bart Heffernin.
And he's out of the closet because he is a cardiologist.
He does have a practice.
He is an office.
And, you know, I'm sure that a people have...
Has any of his patients come up there?
And, huh?
Has any of his patients lived though?
Well, that's a good question.
But anyway, if there are people who want to call Bart Heffernin up in Pomano Beach and take issue with him on the, you know, the add in the voice and his interfering with this radio station, they certainly are free to do it.
Well, I would think that would be a good idea.
May I say something to Linda?
Yes.
Linda, I'm an older gentleman.
I'm not older, I'm 38.
And I find that young women, you're raised married or not, are interested for the simple fact that they still have interest in life.
They haven't been turned around by a number of different men.
I hope that you and your husband live in long and happy life.
Thank you.
And, uh, it's nice.
You sound vibrant and interesting and friendly and don't worry about always showing fitters.
I try to be.
My army's a rough place for men, you know.
You have to understand.
I thought it was a paradise.
Unless you're a lesbian or have a lot of coke, you got no shot.
I can, Dad, that's probably true.
But, so, I thought I had to say, you know, you had a great show.
You got your people all sound like you're having a wonderful time today.
We are.
We are.
Enjoy.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay.
How do you like that?
Great caller.
Just before the news break.
Nice, yeah.
Wasn't it great?
Mm-hmm.
First one day.
What?
It was.
It was.
What are you whispering?
Now, what was that?
Is it the first one today?
Oh, no.
Come on.
Adam over there on Kibiskyne was a great caller.
Okay, listen, we're at the end of this hour.
We do have one open line in day.
It's 624-9400.
Linda's going to be here at least another hour, right?
Oh, yeah.
I'll be here as long as you want.
Long as we want her.
I'll be here until we kick her out.
Yeah.
Michael office back with the headlines.
Oh, if she stays another hour, you know who will be here right now.
Look out.
And then we'll come back at 1206.
What?
No, she was.
Well, I said on my face.
No, no.
I just wanted to ask you, did you hear that on the radio when the Elvis was playing it?
No.
Oh, you didn't?
I'm sorry.
There was a line in the song.
You see, it had to be taken off because they thought that it was in port taste.
Are you sure you should repeat it?
I have it's like port taste.
Anyway, but there was no, because it's all what you say.
What does 69 mean?
That's just two numbers.
But when the guy said it.
I mean, you can Adam said he was 62, right?
Exactly.
So, what's the name?
So, when someone says, you can tell where I've been by the smell of my chin.
Now, what would you say?
Forring to.
Wait a minute.
Are you saying we're getting a lot of crank calls in date after Mickey Dane code and you hung up on her?
Maybe those are psychic crank calls.
Isn't that bizarre?
We've got three open lines in date, by the way.
We have some real people want to use them.
6249400.
That Mickey boy, I think she put a curse on the show now.
I think we're in a lot of trouble.
Psychic crank calls.
Exactly.
It's a new wrinkle on it.
Absolutely.
Psychic crank, see.
Hey Neil, you know what?
What?
I'll allow the tinkler on you.
You know why?
Because you always say, all you tinklers out there.
That's my last name.
Well, then he is a loud.
We found a real tinkler.
Yeah, that's true.
You are definitely legit.
So every time I hear the radio, you say, all those tinklers, I think you just talk to me.
I guess I'm allowed to tinkle on you then.
Okay, we'll have a wonderful tinkle, will you?
Oh, we'll be there.
Okay, there you go, is Mr. Tinkler.
Let's go to Hollywood, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
And I'm headed the rest of the people in the audience.
I'm not sure how many are out there right now, but I wanted you to know that we'll be calling your buddy, Dr. Hepburn.
As soon as I get off the phone with you.
Yeah, tell him we hope he has a wonderful day.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure with his quality does his best.
But as far as the subject of desperate guys, I was just going to suggest for any desperate guys listening that they moved in Atlanta.
You know, if they're having a hard time.
I think I'll see you guys soon, because I hear it's a pretty liberated sexual taste up there.
Although I never had any experience with the other kind, I'm not putting it down, of course.
Well, wait a minute, with the other kind.
That was kind of an interesting choice of words, wasn't it?
Well, the other kind of you want to put it.
Oh, I see.
But anyway, and I think that you guys should move your show to Atlanta as a matter of fact.
Oh, yeah, right.
Okay.
It's fine with me.
You'd eliminate the creppin' ancient audience that's constantly boring people.
And, plus, you get away from stand mage, or, you know.
Yeah, well, we're trying to do that.
I think it's an insult to your shield of, you know, for you to be followed up by the guy, person.
Well, but now why do you say that?
Why do all these people lately has become a new hobby to take shots and stand?
Boys are so dull.
You know, it seems like if he wasn't working for a radio station, his life would be about the dullest thing you could see.
I mean, just by listening to him, listening to his opinions, these ancient opinions that God knows where he got him.
And that's too personal.
But I don't know.
I just want to tell you doing a great job and keep up the good work.
Okay.
Adios.
Terrible.
Yeah.
I think they stand to shreds there like that.
I know.
God.
Now why are you squealing now?
Oh, you don't like Miami Vice either, do you?
You never watch it, and you think Don Johnson's a jerk.
Well, I don't think you're the interesting at all.
No.
Not your type.
No.
Well, no.
No, basically no.
Not even near it.
He's not anybody's type.
Not even his.
He's a sleaze bag.
He's a slime ball.
I don't know what you call him.
Well, look at right on the poster, the 8x80 poster that stands out on the wall here.
He's just a slime ball.
And there's many more pictures of him in my office.
Oh, yeah.
They're all over the building.
Really?
Stay in his plastered by bulletin board with pictures from Miami Vice.
He's got that Don in the box.
He's got everything.
Ah, plantation.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
I was wondering since you were having a couple of horny Cubans on for Wednesday and Thursday,
if you'd been just having a not-so-horny straight juice for Friday.
Straight you on Shabbos, boy.
Wouldn't that be something?
Well, of course, it'd have to be before sundown, obviously.
Obviously.
Yeah.
There's strange people around here.
They're all over the building.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
We're gonna be at Doc, there or a lawyer, something like that.
Where's the brother, you know what?
Or if you live in Halondale, of course, going to the Eurlieburg, but that's not an historia.
There's the joke, sonny.
Don't get upset at Sonny Rosenberg, man.
I'm telling you.
OK.
So, how's Linda doing?
Excuse me?
Fine.
This is a frustrated, young Jewish male.
How old are you?
20.
20.
Oh, boy.
You're a young man.
that's really sad you know growing up in a world like this is today well um don't like it change it
how old are you I'm 22 oh it's not that much of a difference no see one thing about now what's your first name
heaven heaven you're not a kind of a glia should name his name is that heaven but can I tell you
you know it it was an accident of birth I used to know in heaven but one thing about heaven is that
he's not threatening to get any way shape reform because he's Jewish I'm not a threatening guy he's
been he's been taught that that's only you know for appropriation which the Jews don't do well anyway
maybe maybe once a year like the day after sook is like that all those sook is is coming up soon so
I'd watch him but am I right or am I exaggerating yeah see I hope you're not sexless me yeah I think not
now that's good now it's it's a it's a nice dimension to life yeah how long you've been married for
I've been married two years okay you got married pretty young pretty young yes and no I've heard
younger yeah these days you see people seem to be getting married a little bit later want to
mend the lecture I mean my mother got married when she was like this right but that was what did you
never use again yeah I thought they were getting married younger earlier well my friends are not
even seeing anyone it's kind of like no one's really interested in going out with people yeah they're
kind of like seeing each other yeah at that age that's real sad really I told you yeah then again
with the things that are going around these days yeah that's a good point yeah now most of your
friends Jewish Evan about half a half yeah about half a half well I'm sorry Linda is
desperately searching for Christopher Christopher so therefore you of you're not elder
because I can't be out yeah I'm sorry as a matter of fact though I told her about Chris that 11
year old from Mississippi because I'm sure last week in her eyes but you're eyes just flying out of
very impressive yeah he was you heard him did you hear him that day I didn't know the 10 and 11 yeah
yeah he was great wouldn't he yeah and he was not threatening no no don't make faces he was great
huh I'll guarantee you could add a much more stimulating conversation with him that most of the
people you've talked through so far today that's a fact trust me that is a fact yes I would
think if they have jobs like putting labels on garments and stuff like that exactly no don't not
don't scare him off he's going to be great tomorrow you watch you just put him on both the same
data man we want we want Adam and here alone on Thursday with his fishnet jersey whatever he's
wearing yeah you wear his tight pants he can see his bulge if he has now wait a minute ever
huh in a nice Jewish boy just making this disgusting remark did you hear what he just said
well that's you know oh I can't believe you said such a thing don't you know that Jewish boys are
supposed to wear loose baggy pants hey I wear pants like Emmett Kelly I mean you're like four feet
wide because when you're Jewish you're brought up you wear clothes like they don't wear anything
tight so God forbid something might you know get stimulated you're been to back streets yes I have
you have you noticed that most of the people there are Spanish that's true yeah all these
straight people took over everybody was doing just fine in all these pen and he asked straight
people I was there it's too good it's too good of a place now we'll go there beat all the
fags up and kick them out you know and we'll take it over shame on you well that's the Spanish
people they have this macho thing that they feel they need to beat up on people they don't understand
not all no Spanish people I mean there are a lot of Americans that are like the eggs there's a lot of
red necks who are like a lot of people that you know feel intimidated by different things you know
just because it's different right they have to although I will say I will say this most of those
Hispanics are willing to try it you're at least once or twice trust me Evan take it from take it from
somebody who knows yeah that's why they went to back well listen it's been great hearing from
me I hope you had a good the safe tissue ball thank you a lot and have a great circus and have a
good life I'll keep you fine okay okay okay
one he won one he won a last known at w i n z and we'll come back right after this
okay it's a twelve twenty five at w i n z n u r i j's with a chill two stand major will be
along at two fill up the proctologist he's on the phone I can't pull it hello hello
yes sir I lied to Carl another proctologist okay that's all right you just wanted to get on right
away that's exactly it okay another way another way you're just another
he doesn't like to strike guys volunteering themselves to be on your show yes how about a token
gay how about a what a token gay well how do you know that some of these so-called macho guys aren't uh
you know well I guess I'll find that out of I listen to the show but at least I'm volunteering to
come on and admit where I'm coming from I'm too early for a lie but I'm under 30 what do you
mean you're too old for Hawaii you mean you're too old it's 18 to 25 okay well Hawaii is already
spoken for well that's John I understand John everybody I might change your mind and I doubt that
this guy sounds like about 50 50 yeah 28 yep that's a very dull job so it's very easy for me to get
off you say what does he sound 28 to you speak say something boy she all of a sudden what did you do to
her on the whole I kind of like to think first before I make a response to radio they can't hear
the pants hear you thinking and they can't see it when you nod your head exactly has she nod to
head just remember that it'll help yeah he sounds sweet okay well if you say so I mean I don't
really care hold anybody as you can be on the show if you're you know 16 or 100 I don't care
as long as you're fun and interesting fun and interesting I will be as you can kind of bring me
out not literally but I mean you know bring out my fun side this guy's son I'm telling you this
guy sounds old very very old I've been hanging on the phone for 45 gotten 45 minutes old it's
just trying to get all this guy's not 28 now that's true what did I hear it now the two years a little
more when you lied once already you said you were a proctologist and I you're turning out to be
just a pain in the ass close well listen Philip it's been great talking to you but I'll give it
some consideration have a way we got to think about him I mean I would have said yes but um
Philip yeah I think Philip might might age dramatically between the time and the time he came in
on the show we're desperately trying to find your Christopher Linda but yeah there's any
you so much I'm curious about one thing okay well I'm curious about a lot of them is when Carlos
comes out tomorrow assuming he shows up and Adam on Thursday or if either one of you shows up if
now will all the young ladies be calling in or isn't it gonna be all these you know homosexuals out
there I mean God forbid we get almost sexuals calling on the radio it's by the way Dr.
Heffernin's number in case you were getting a busy before his 7 7 2 2 1 3 6 evidently Dr. Heffernin's
unhappy with the state of talk radio in the market and maybe he'd like to do his own talk shows
so if you'd like to call him 7 7 2 2 1 3 6 in beautiful pompinope of course it's pompinope should
always be yeah that's where all you notice that's where all the flag comes from 99% of it and all
circles from him and I'm really happy he's out of the closet now and the story is you know in print
so we know I mean now I'm relieved to be honest with you not that I was concerned but I'm just
relieved to know that we know the source because this guy's been doing this stuff for years he's
obsessed with this show doesn't want to mention my name in those ads you know just W I N C and
talk coast and so on yeah very generic attack on the hosts always but boy he would do anything to
get me off the air you know why because he's a right wing nut God he's a maniac obviously how
do you like to have him doing open heart surgery today huh yeah think about it yeah God
oh they won the kills everyone did you hear that huh don't say it again he said it off the
by we don't mean that that was only a slip of the tongue yeah only maybe one out of two
what lottery hello yeah how you doing okay hey uh listen uh wait a minute is this Jeff
striker no it's not okay sorry all right uh Linda seems to be doing fairly well but if she's
gonna break into this market I think he ought to give her the test that every DJ is taken
now what is that uh see if uh see if you can smile without showing her teeth
I'm not really interested in breaking into this market you're not no it's it's it's it's uh
tough and if you're interested in this market if you can still pass the test I may have a job for you
well wait a minute what market is this when did see your public
it is it is a form of a meat market no doubt about it
I think you're being proposition here for a big time job
I mean big now do play your cards right I can get stand major to introduce you to Michael Talbot
who will take your pictures and give them to Don Johnson who will uh oh yeah
yeah that sounds that that's not strong and you saw what Don did to his girlfriend at the end of
a boy and his dog you saw that right they gagged all over yeah do really I want to see that but I
miss oh you should see that he's no good for this market she believes everything she hears yeah
she's got to be she's got to work on being a lot more cynical I don't want to be why not
well she's young and innocent I like being I like being young and a little bit exactly I mean
those of us who are older and uh sent a cynical no I think when I get older I still want to stay
young it is well good luck to you yeah I know it's been tough it's been tough
six feeling power excuse me you want to have a big feeling of power a big feeling of power
now take the telephone and then just press the button call the douchebag hang up call
the jerk hang up call the jerk hang up well I'm not really interested in a power play you're not
no kind of like being taken advantage of oh here it comes see took a little
he took some little shots at me there but now he's starting every everything in moderation
everything in moderation I believe in being in the middle somewhere what's that
let me take a shot at no I know that we're just a joke that's right up your alley right
so to speak excuse me that's what Philip Proctologist said yeah it was right up his alley we see
we seem to have a lot of Proctologist out there today yes you and uh I happen to be a token white
I live off my appearance money I live in a condo drive a BMW wow I think I think all
priests are faggot what do you think oh this is this guy again at all priests are faggots but I
will say this that's very improving wait a minute you're improving your act though considerably
am I really yeah it's not really smart you're melancholy there's one thing we do agree on sunny
fox is a douchebag you bet uh absolutely working on the marauding moving red alive
that like I'm really going to let they go on and they go on the island I have not thought of you
by the way is idealistic before he mentioned that would you consider yourself idealistic no and
you're not cynical you're somewhere in between actually I think that last guy's been drinking too much
birch beer I do too much birch beer and Wendy's they still have birch beer yeah yeah they do by
the way speaking of Wendy's I want to do about three and a half hours on footruckers now if you
pardon that expression that may be actionable I mean I'm going to tell you how bad the eating
situation is in plantation how few places there are to go they open a new footruckers about two three
months ago don't repeat it okay you don't have to repeat it no that's an interesting name
yeah very interesting in fact if you I was thinking of going to their neon sign and removing some
of the letters yeah first of all you go in there and you give your order the place is just packed I
mean like from the time they open at 11 in the morning till whenever they close it is packed you
think they were giving the food away you go in there you give me your order and you sit and you
wait and you wait and you wait and you wait like a lifetime it's a hamburger hamburger okay
and then you put all that stuff on you know the cheese the nacho cheese and all that other stuff that
sits outside all day for like you know hours and hours and congeals and gets real good and you
take it home and I'm going to tell you something if there's anybody in the audience who hasn't had a
good beam I'm going to tell you with it within three hours it'll be like the San Andreas
fall California there'll be earthquakes all up and down the coast of Florida I'm telling you now
maybe that's why they're doing such a booming business because we do have a lot of people down
there they seem to be a lot of young people in there it's a service ma'am oh man I'm talking to
that place and maybe I'm allergic to something in there um perhaps boy better than popcorn I mean
oh better than a neutron bomb I'm telling you I mean it's just unbelievable and the places just
jammed and they stand on light in there 30 40 deep and there it's unbelievable you and this is
a hamburger place you've never been does that tell you about the oat cuisine in plantation really
boy what a desperate place I love plantation don't get me wrong but the food there it's a nice
place to visit but you wouldn't want to eat there let's put it that way what is Joanna doing
up there looking like she knows where she is she's waiting to hear sunny fox call in from his mobile
oh here comes the food doesn't want anything to do with sunny fox she can't stand them she lives
in the control room we know that oh you live in plantation have you eaten at floodruckers
and you like it no shaky yes she's starting to redeem herself a little bit not a little bit yeah
until she came in this morning and said she loved Miami vice and just spazes over Don Johnson
she's got her Don Johnson blow up doll at home yeah and been doing just wild things with Don true yeah
she has odd taste she calls him her little shaver okay call the candle water will
this show up hello yeah hello Neil Neil Neil Neil hell pal pal from stuck stuck in you your
your your sound on the tunnel
are you nervous sir are you a little nervous okay I'm just just stuck just stuck
wait a minute listen listen and you have a job okay now listen I'm gonna give you the
phone number for W.I.O.D. they have opening for tacos.
I'm serious.
I can't get out of this business.
This is the sound.
I don't know.
You were right.
A call from Kendall will be up.
I know that Kendall could really bring us out of it.
Are you going to straighten out or is this going to go on in?
It'll straighten out.
Well, we don't want to know about your personal life.
We don't know what to call.
I really got to say.
I think it sounds to me like it just did straighten out
if you want to know the truth.
Your show is great.
And I don't know what all this great is about Kyle.
Kyle is a wonderful guy.
I mean, he's very quick and blunt to the point.
He would like you to know that he agrees with everything
you just said.
You know, he's never been nasty to me.
He's never been abrupt at all.
No.
He's always been very nice.
And I got to say, your show just gets better and better
and better and better.
I listened to you years ago.
Really?
Well, you don't sound that old to me.
I'm 24.
24?
That sounds very good.
And then I kind of had to end it now.
Now it's about time that I started getting a little intimate
with some of the callers here today.
Just a joke.
Now don't take it seriously.
I don't want you to start stuttering again.
But I really do enjoy the show.
It's better than television.
It's better than anything.
Well, almost anything else.
Almost better than sex, I know.
Yeah.
Well, of course.
And if you're Jewish, not even close.
No, I'm not Jewish.
I know that.
Not if you live in, now, if you lived in West Kendall,
you'd probably be Jewish.
No, I live in East Kendall, I guess.
Whatever it's called, I guess.
But by recently, I've been in the West.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You live close to J. Byrons.
Oh, no.
Good.
OK, that's good.
OK.
OK.
And I don't understand why everyone's
ripping Mr. Major.
I mean, he's...
Yeah, what is it?
The last two days, all of a sudden,
we got all these rip stand calls coming in.
You know, I think they think that they're cool when
they're doing it because you know, you get around with Stan.
Yeah.
And that's what you guys do.
You guys get around with each other.
You can't hate each other.
You go out to dinner on occasion.
Well, we said it's separate tables, though.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I just...
I don't...
I don't understand why they're ripping them,
because I think...
Well, because the callers on any show,
you'll find the majority of them are butt kissers, OK?
And whoever they're talking to at a given time,
they want to ingratiate themselves.
Oh, you're so great.
But then they feel a better way to ingratiate
is to rip somebody else.
I mean, it's really kissing your butt
by saying you're the greatest and so-and-so things.
You know, it doesn't make any difference who it is.
They're butt kissers, that's all.
Yeah.
As opposed to somebody like you who's straightforward and honest
and, you know, and what are you doing tonight?
Yeah!
No, only a joke.
Only a joke.
I'm only joking, too, because I am doing something.
I don't know what, but I'm going to do something.
What?
I don't know.
Oh, no.
This is the kind of call we like.
He's undecided.
He wants to go do something.
Now, like, what did you have in mind?
Did you want to go to the dog track?
The dog track spot.
You like that?
Yeah, it's fun.
I bet you've been out with some dogs in your time, right?
Only around the block.
Only took him around the block.
You didn't walk him very long.
And they lifted their leg.
Yeah, and it was, you know, right on the neighbor's car.
Yeah, I've had some dates like that, too.
No, I, you know, I wonder what you know.
Right by the fire.
Now, what are you yawning about?
See, every time we get a good caller, Linda starts yawning.
Like that.
Like, Adam was great on Keepa's game.
Was he a good caller or what?
Yeah, I was, you know, I mean-
He was good.
I'm sorry, I only had four hours.
And when he comes in Thursday, I'll let you know how good.
OK?
And one guy though, uh, was a proctologist.
He wants to be at least 68, not 20.
Yeah, yeah.
He's aging rapidly.
You know, when you look in too many of those holes, man,
I'll tell you it starts affecting your whole bodily function.
Oh, no.
Now, tell Linda, well, I can tell on myself,
because we're all online together.
Yeah?
I've got Christopher FOIA.
He's about six months old, but he's Christopher Michael.
And I was going to name my son.
Wait a minute, this guy.
Are you?
Is this your son?
Oh, it's not my son.
Oh, you're not married.
I'm not married, no way.
Boy, well, why do you sound so happy about that?
Well, that I'm not married?
Yeah.
Because I'm not married.
Listen to this guy.
I've been close enough to count, man.
You know, it's like you're everything will walk down the altar.
And life is much better by myself.
You know, I mean, I can still do things and everything,
but I mean, it's just, I don't have to worry about it.
OK, well, you don't have to be threatened by this guy.
He likes to do it by himself, Linda.
You just have to find the right person, that's all.
Yeah, yeah, that's, you know, well, the right person,
it's, you know, I don't have time to go out and look for somebody.
I find them, I find them, I find them.
Let me tell you, you don't look for it.
It looks for you.
Yeah, it's like watching a pot of water will never boil.
If you watch it, well, boy, this is now, now see you just redeemed yourself.
Linda is smuggling for the first time.
She loves you, and she's enchanted with that.
That's good.
But sometimes have that effect on you.
Yeah, she has a weakness for guys who use cliches.
Yeah.
And I think cliches are interesting.
Yeah, they are.
They're funny how they just, I mean, they're weird.
They turn out to be true often.
They're strange.
That's why they're cliches, because they turn out to be true.
Yeah, well, listen, it's that time, you know,
we got all these commercials here and all this other business,
but, uh, no, what are you laughing about?
We do.
We've got this guy.
Shorty's a great caller.
I've enjoyed it.
It's been the best call I call you about twice a week, maybe.
And, you know, I'll be calling you again.
All right, I want to ask you one question.
Now, when you made this call because we've got all these people in here in Linda's here,
did you get a certain amount of personal fulfillment from this call?
Every time.
Every time.
Really?
All right.
You know, my dad was a just jockey, and I went out and saw him in this,
uh, years ago, out in New Mexico.
Yeah.
And ever since then, I've had the bug.
And, you know, radio fascinates me, and I can, you know,
in my mind, I sit there and watch what you guys are doing, you know,
with all the buttons and all that other good stuff.
Yeah.
You having a great time.
Well, maybe we'll have you on the show next week one day.
Well, I'll be calling in there.
I'll feel inviting you over.
I will show up.
I'm a man of my word.
I'm not like these other people.
Okay.
Uh, afraid.
Okay, give me a call.
I certainly will now.
Bye-bye.
Good day.
Oh, that was a good call, though.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, we need some new cliches.
But we're going to make some of this from here.
Full show tomorrow morning.
I think before I get to do I&Z, let's go for it.
Like a frankly, it's 60 me for one.
We have to interrupt our segment here with Linda.
It is momentarily because I just had a call from one of our regular listeners who was in his car.
And evidently, there's a real, you know, what on the road there with him.
Okay.
And the guy has got a sign that he made that says,
turn your AM radio to 940.
Okay.
And he holds up the sign when he wants to make a dedication to a particular inept driver out on the road.
What highway?
Does it make it?
I think I way to nowhere.
Yeah. I think we can guess.
Which over the other jerk in the car who's been doing all of this weaving and whatever else it is that you're doing.
If you've found us on the dial, which of course may take a long time.
And this stain came in just in time to attack Linda.
Isn't that great?
Well, listen, when the song is over, we'll let you know what happened.
For ye more than an asshole,
or date you were getting your whole life.
Either way, we're not fine.
Cause you're an asshole tonight.
Yes, you're an A, SS, they're so early.
And don't you try to blame it on me.
You, these are all the credit.
You're an asshole tonight.
You were an asshole yesterday.
You're an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole the rest of your life.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole tonight.
I was talking to your mother.
Just the other night.
I told her I thought you were an asshole.
She said yes, I think you're right.
And all your friends are asshole.
Cause you know that your whole life.
And somebody told me
you've got an asshole for life.
We're evil or an asshole.
Or did you work at your whole life?
Either way, we're not fine.
Cause you're an asshole.
What?
What?
What?
I've never considered my laugh a cackle.
Really?
No.
Actually, I never really thought of it.
Linda has a question she wants to ask Stan.
Holds it today.
Now that just encourages all those ten heads to call it.
Knock me.
Yeah, they've been on you last two days, boy.
They're upset with you.
They're sick and tired of my enemy.
You guys don't understand.
They don't want to hear about that.
They don't want to hear about Don Johnson.
They want to hear about Sydney.
What's your name?
Sydney Penny.
Penny. Penny.
Are you going to play the Don Johnson interview today?
I hadn't thought about it, but if you want to hear it.
I know what I do.
You can ask if you've melted yet.
I'm going to stop the cart and interpret everything he's saying.
Because even Neil didn't catch the bit about...
I can't talk about that on the radio.
I didn't catch it.
I heard it.
You didn't understand.
You know, he's making something out of that already.
This man, he says to me last night.
Seriously?
I'm telling you, we've got to do something with him before it's too late.
You know, when we had the guy with the radio on it,
we were all getting swept away in the sound tunnel.
That's what's going to happen to him with the fantasy tunnel.
He's going to wind up just getting wrapped up in this fantasy
and you're never going to see him again.
What was that movie with John Stockwell?
You don't understand, remember the name?
My science project?
Yeah.
And they found that thing and they hit me professor.
You know, just disappeared into the air and it will fade.
You know, you notice John Stockwell, I mentioned, was in that movie.
You didn't mention that memory then it's hopper.
No, I don't remember the other people, right?
Now, I did ask a question before about tomorrow on Thursday,
which you avoided answering about the young women.
Whether they were going to call in tomorrow on Thursday
when we have the young men on the show.
I'm sure they will.
You think so?
Because we've been getting all male collars except one.
But we always get male collars.
We get a very few women.
That's not true.
That's not true.
No, that's not true.
You do have a few women.
But you're dominantly male.
Yeah, that's true.
Well, there are a lot of horny guys out there.
We had the lady in the shower called us.
Yeah, that was she never calls me.
That was a great call.
He's all jealous now.
She called this show.
She was breathing very heavily.
She was great.
And then interesting, now that Stan came in,
Linda's husband left the room.
Isn't that interesting?
When Dan just kind of slipped right into the chair.
I do that to husband.
He slipped right into the chair where her husband was sitting.
Yeah.
Am I right?
Yeah.
And he's sitting over there very close.
And pretending to be a little bit aloof like he's not paying any attention.
She's very attractive.
Very attractive.
She has Sidney Penny hair, if you notice.
She really does.
Thank you.
That is Sidney Penny has hair.
I never looked.
Oh well, it wasn't our chest yet.
Oh, come on.
Sidney, not you, Sidney.
Well, I'm your own name, Sidney.
What do you expect has got to be very much of this.
Listen, she's going to play the Virgin Mary.
So be careful.
It's true.
That's true.
Oh my God.
She's just a hope now about that.
She portrays the Virgin Mary.
And Stan, we got to release this.
This is the same girl that had this affair with Richard Chamberlain as the priest in Thornberg.
Remember?
She was in love with the priest.
Oh, I know the movie that's coming up.
That's the one where Vincent Van Paten plays Christ.
I know that.
No, Matthew Lusco.
Stan, we got the release date on the new Phoebe Cates movie.
Oh boy.
Date with the angel November 13th.
And the week before a movie opens up called Sammy and Rosie Get Lay.
Now this is right on the release chart.
November 6th.
I'm serious.
I'm serious as a heart attack.
Listen, Sidney is right in my age category.
He's a little old now.
Sidney's friend Brooke are a little old now.
They're in their 20s.
That's a little old, you know.
That's good enough there.
Yeah.
Well, we know this.
Stan, we know like the kids in war games said 40, 40.
You died of 40.
Yeah, we have really other break to do.
Let's do our break and then we can say good vital and then of course say goodbye to me.
I got work to do.
Yeah.
What he's trying to say is that he's going to slip out of the room when it gets to be one o'clock.
Okay, it's a top 33 at W.I.N.C.
We'll be right back.
I have a W.I.N.C.
We have only four minutes for Linda to say goodbye to all our fans.
You're a star now.
Don't you understand how easy it is?
It's great.
It's great.
They'll follow you from here to the end of the world.
You've got all these guys with their tongues hanging down their toes.
As is I told a lot of friends that I'd be on today and I thought maybe one would be on.
Give me a little ring.
They couldn't get through.
They couldn't break through the masses.
Oh, there's somebody in a pay-all at the airport.
Okay, desperate caller.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I've been waiting for a while.
Well you sound really nice.
I might tell you in the old that there's a group of listeners out here that you really didn't know about.
Apparently W.I.N.C. is an AM station at Bautess, a medium wave signal.
I'm a pilot.
I'm at the airport right now.
Right.
And we tune in the AM station sometimes to get a fix.
And I have reached 60 or 70 aircraft out over the state of Florida.
Listen to your every day.
Unbelievable.
A lot of people tune in this radio station to get a fix.
Well, we do the same thing.
But we're doing it at 10, 15,000 feet.
Oh.
At the same time, I did want to say something to Linda before she leaves.
I'll bet.
And I wanted to actually say to her husband, I think he's a very lucky guy.
And what I heard, she's a very nice woman.
I couldn't agree with you more.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
At the same time, Linda knows anybody who's interested in a middle-aged pilot about age 35.
I'm available.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
Middle age is not 35.
You're still a young guy.
Yeah.
And don't get into that middle-aged stuff.
Okay.
Just remember, life begins to end at 40.
Okay.
Good luck to you.
Good luck to you too.
How do you like that?
They're listening to us up in the sky.
What is that today?
Well, of course, a lot of our listeners are high in the sky.
Well, Linda, thank you so much.
How do we thank you?
We gave you our wpyenssy copy of the...
No.
What is that?
F els News in World Report.
US News in World Report ...
Is in Gu HQ.
To my girlfriend.
And this is an Full-age Home Journal.
That's typical collection.
All those other throwaway magazines we got in the mail that we didn't know what to do with.
But, let's not say goodbye.
Just let's leave that door open.
Because you never know, maybe Thursday in the middle of the show, just when the anthem expects it
to release...
Maybe nobody might just pop up?
Exactly.
exactly. You know, something might pop up on that show. You never know.
Why was that pregnant pause? Is there some special reason for that?
It took a second. Yeah, your little slob time. Well, I know you're overwhelmed. You saw the new Phoebe Kate's movie coming out.
Oh, yeah. I'll be there. You notice he's wearing his lace shirt today, just like the cardinal
and his lace pantyhose. What are you talking about? I don't believe it. Doesn't that look like one of those silk something?
Is it the white shirt? Yeah. Don't read anything. Like you said, you wouldn't turn your head.
Okay, there she goes. Linda has been our first celebrity guest today. Bye-bye.
And thank you so much and have a wonderful life and don't go to keep this game.
Okay, that's going to do it for this hour. I can't believe how fast. Didn't they go by fast?
Even if you were falling asleep and nodding off a couple of times, it went by very fast.
That's true. And it was great for us. Michael Wolfe is here with local and area news headlines.
Then we got the world news from CBS at the top of the hour. And when we come back for one more open hour, when Linda's gone,
we're going to rip her in the Alastair. No, only kidding. We would never do that to a guest.
And then Stan will be along from two to six this afternoon. And Stan is going to really have some kind of a show today.
He's going to start out with you too and the Don Johnson cut.
I thought practical records couldn't possibly be more tasteless.
An aval apeline, anathrinban fabulclin, I'd make these near-counten.
Give a boat to Tadushmou. That's right. So it's the cat skills cowboy himself.
Dr. Irving Paytchuk singing the all-time greatest hits of Noshville.
I think it's from his teeth. You gotta know how to feed him.
No how to feed him. If you've on a litigod like him.
Deep a second, said a book. And who could forget this flavorful cut?
Look in the locks. In all the wrong places. Look in the locks. I'd buy by the cases.
Quality stuff. Be sure there's no traces of bones or to my soul.
And no collection of old country music would be complete without Dr. Irving Paytchuk's dietary classic.
I have a scotchette. And kosheba's necumus.
Crapco records proudly present the all-time greatest hits of Noshville.
Those not my amymoo. To order Noshville hits, dial 1-800-6-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
And now, of course, we've got Elvis. We're bringing him. It's almost like he's still alive now, you notice? It is. Like, you know, like one more meal, Elvis, you know? But you remember one more pie? Do you remember what USA Today did last August on his ninth anniversary? They found the picture of Elvis as he would look today. You never saw that? And here's Mark Harmon, you know, who's a washed out? Like I told you, when these guys get like in their mid-30s and they start getting washed out looking,
like Don Johnson and Mark Harmon, then everybody says, oh, this is the best-looking man in the world. I mean, if Mark Harmon were the best-looking guy in the world, I would switch immediately. I thought it was Max Edra. Yeah. Well, he's number two in that, of course, Governor DuCoccus of Massachusetts. Of course. And here on page 4D, right next to the article about the rise of the Great Moments in Dungery History, what a newspaper says. Great Moments in Dungery History.
1983, Stonewashed jeans introduced. Wow. 1967, Bell Bottom, jeans are born. See, now the bad part, the bad part about this whole thing is that when they had cords,
see, corduroy's were many years ago, were very big. And then they went out for a long time. And a few years ago, cords came back. Everybody, all the guys were in corduroy jeans. Now, I will admit, on the year I have a fetish. In other words, if there's somebody really good wearing cords,
I'm probably going to attack him right in the store. I mean, I can't, I just can't, you're serious. I can't restrain my well. I'm not going to attack him. But I'm just like on the verge of an herbice break.
Corduroy's are just, there's something about them. I don't know what it is. I don't either. Courts. It says nothing about corduroy's that I can see in this history. So again, you know, USA today jerks you around, pretends to give you something. 1950s, the first zipper jeans are introduced. Oh my God.
I'm curious about those guys that were those with a button. She's a lot of flying. Very hard to button and I'm a lot at times. Yeah. No, I'm serious. They are. I know. Now, what do they do? I guess they just pull them up and down. I'm like when they got to go to the job. I'm not talking about it in public, but I'm just talking in general. Well, we'll save that for tomorrow. That's going to be our topic with Carlos. Yeah, we'll ask Carlos puts labels on stuff. Maybe puts labels on jeans. And the here are 50 famous Elvis fans.
Picking their noses. Picking their favorite Elvis hits. I mean, Dr. Joyce brothers, Billy Idol, Don Johnson. Oh, yeah. Isn't that great. Don says, Houndog. I was the I was the bust out. Oh, it was the bust out. I remember, just struck this wild cord in me. There's that word again. Yeah. Feel ever. You have a long message coming on this.
I'm all wrapped up in my USA today. The make of the island queen can't wait till Thursday. He loves a man in uniform and his copies of power tool and bigger than real life are in the mail.
He wouldn't doubt it. He's another one of those uniform fetish people. I know people like that. Yeah, me too. Well, probably get some comment about these first three hours today. We've broken some more new ground here with the W. I. N. Z. Power tool.
We've put it in the ground broken some new ground. Yes. And let's see what the audience says. Cutler. Red cello. Yeah, I knew. Yeah, I do. Okay. I just wanted to call the thank you for airing this long that I wrote about what a poor. I have to get a chance. Oh, yeah. Well, thanks for sending it. It was great. Thank you very much. Again, you were the inspiration for that. And that's like pretty much.
Well, in fact, we may play it again right now. Now that you mentioned it. Okay. I do. Thanks a lot. Great song classic. Headed for the top 10. If it ever starts here.
Now, let me tell you a story about a town that I once knew. All the four fettelive there were red and white and blue and the preacher and the doctor were always hand in hand. People spoke in words that we all understand.
Now I can't speak the next guy, but I can't understand all this degradation can be caused by just one man. It's plain to see that he don't care about the way you speak. And as long as he don't lose his county seat. Now this tension in the air people swear and everywhere. When is all this madness going to end? Put your back again for all that you better hear the call for war. He's got the shaft out once again.
Now if you ask me how to stop a man from reminiscence with hate. It also was fairly easy with the simple twist of fate. We pull him out of office and he might understand that a miracle.
I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to
let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you. I'm not going to let you. I'm not going to let you. I'm going to let you. I'm not going to let you. I'm not going to let you. I'm not going to send you so I just want you know you to just go take that word. I'm not going to let you. I'm not going to let you
I know Chris is back in town.
Um, um, ask him if he likes bubble bath.
Here's the story from Washington that we heard on the CBS news at the top of the hour,
and I think that this is going to really stir the kettle so to speak.
Wait till you hear this.
When you get on and you start saying these things.
Well, bad things happen.
And administrative law judge at the FCC today denied renewal of archaeo general's licenses
for 14 radio and television stations saying the company's dishonesty is unprecedented
for a broadcaster and playing those songs that the plays in a 75 page decision.
Judge Edward Kulman wrote that no case ever before decided by this commission presents dishonesty
comparable to archaeos.
Uh, with the lyrics that are in there, it is it's it's it's shocking.
Archeo general officials in New York said today they had not seen the decision and could
not comment on it until they had read it.
Archeo can appeal the decision to the commission.
It will keep all of its licenses until all appeals are exhausted.
I wonder if they do talk ups in Espanol.
The stations involved are K H J TV K H J M and K R T H F M all in Los Angeles.
Yeah, W H B Q TV W H B Q A M in Memphis, Tennessee W O R M and W R K F M in New York W R K O
A M and W R O R F M in Boston.
Did you hear that jury W G M S A M in Bethesda, Maryland W G M S F M in Washington K F R C
A M in San Francisco W A X Y F M for Lauderdale, Florida.
Uh, social problems or anything else.
It's just shock radio.
W F Y.
Try to control yourself.
It's uh W F Y R F M in Chicago.
The various licenses have come up for renewal over several years.
The FCC delayed acting in those instances giving Archeo the opportunity to sell the stations
and leave the broadcasting business, which would have been smart.
But the dispute involving Archeo has been before the FCC for 20 years.
The trouble stemmed from the company's lack of candor in connection with an investigation
of its parent company then known as General Tire and Rubber Company, now Gen Corp.
What?
When you get on and you start saying these things and playing those songs that he plays
with the lyrics that are in there, it dies.
It's shocking.
Well, shock these, there's our immediate news response from over across town up there
on the bend in Fort Lauderdale on US one.
It's a shockings story, right?
Well, he can do talk ups in Creole, probably.
Oh, look at that, boy.
Stan's really working here feverishly.
He worked up into a fever pitch when he saw Linda.
And he's working feverishly.
Now, let's go to Helen Dale.
This could be Sonny Rosenberg.
Hello.
No, it's not.
I'm sorry.
It's not even Mrs. Rosenberg.
Oh, please.
It's tongue.
Hi, Glenn.
Hi.
I really enjoyed Lynda.
I just wanted to, um, sorry she left because I wanted to call while she was still there.
I'm not one of her friends.
I'm just one of your listeners in Helen Dale, one of your nice listeners.
Of course.
Yeah, well, I've called you before.
In fact, they sent you that Calvin Klein thing in the mail.
Oh, yeah.
Great.
Okay.
But I just, uh, I thought one was, you know, very good, very entertaining.
See, this could be the start of something new and exciting instead of having these same
old tired guests that show up on all of the shows, you know, in the plant doctor and
the nutritionist, we can have real living and breathing people from out in the audience.
Right.
Right.
It's a good format, you know.
Exactly.
Well, that's all I wanted to say.
Well, that's all you needed to say.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Good day.
Okay.
Wasn't that nice?
Yes.
They love us in Helen Dale.
She actually understood what we did.
I mean, what does that sunny Rosenberg know?
He looks like a flaming figal of the media.
You know, what does he know?
A flaming figal of a bird.
I've passed one.
It wins.
We'll come right back.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
There she is.
Yes.
When is this?
How are you, my little brother, Cubs?
Just wonderful.
Yes.
It was so nice to hear that.
Nothing for us today on the radio.
Yes.
Yes.
I would so like to meet someone like that to sit you.
Let's live in the hours away here.
I've been waiting for the Pope.
So, it is so tough these days.
Just that I was having so slowly and I need a nice new guy, a nice young person to come by
and help me, but I whizzled him away.
Did you do that new guy who slipped out?
Oh, no, I...
It's not not the new guy.
It's just a young person.
Help, help things along.
He's the pain.
Now, Neil, I'm calling you.
So, I don't know if you picked up a mind and news today.
About Bart Hefferen, anyway.
And what's that?
No, I didn't pick it up yet.
Good.
On the opinion page, Mr. Kleinberg.
He has a column about Harvey from Kendall.
Really?
Yes, it takes up all the takes up.
It's three quarters of the page, I believe.
This man is racked by a disease of the brain.
Oh.
And he's a hideous person.
So, I guess, staring out there with this just in this grin on his face, just beckoning his
breathes, breathes.
And I just crap, I think.
I do think that, now, Neil, I'm preparing a tape for you.
I would like so much.
I'm putting together some of my favorite tunes from the past that I would so love for you to play.
I think it would bring civility to this city if you would play these things.
And I am going to put this together for you.
And I want to know, I would love to come over and make some duly for you.
Perhaps some...
Yes?
Yes, we're here.
Neil.
I'm just shocked.
I'm speechless.
Well, I'm taking into that Alzheimer's unit you have on the...
the assortment.
The time is of the essence, and I would so love to be there.
I think you'd be surprised that it is.
How am I going to tell you about things there?
I know, for instance, over your right shoulder, there's a man in a grey suit on the wall.
I was right.
Correct.
Yes, you said I have psychic abilities.
This would be Mickey Dane.
I know.
In disguising guys.
I should have known it.
You mentioned you have known that this was Mickey Dane
in drag.
Oh, no, no, Mickey Dane.
He is the concubine of Howard Klein, but both of them.
And who disease?
Did they have poison upon this?
He's not a cat of it.
It is time we go back to our basic root here,
drinking tulips and sleeping.
That is what is needed to bring the city back to us with sleep.
But Stan wants to know.
I can't need it.
Stan wants to know at the cross.
I can't accomplish something.
What we have to do is lock ourselves in our homes, close our windows,
and close our minds and sleep.
Stan wants to know if their frogs are still jumping with glee
in Miami shores.
No, not only of the frogs jumping with glee,
we have a dead young children now because of what
Governor Cernish,
Senator Graham, this is President Graham.
It was two weeks ago rolling about with them on the floor
and flicking out their tiny body parts in there.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
and the world for what he was doing could have mind
in the minds of our children, right?
I see this as the future.
Governor Cernish Graham is coming on.
He's going to ruin them.
So that it scares them, scuttas,
scuttas, of all the tall food.
Ending them this way in that way.
Right.
Children should be allowed to slap freely.
They should not be fumbled by our senators.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
And there's the, there there.
It's the bird.
Yes.
Yes.
You cannot, how did you acquire this life?
How does one come about this?
I have tried and tried and I just cannot.
I tried to, I tried to, I tried to crackling for five hours
a day and the police had called on me.
I just, I, and you're on the air doing it.
What is it?
I don't understand the secret of your success.
Yeah.
Well, it's just an amazing world we live in, isn't it?
It is an amazing world.
We're going to be inside Senator at some early point.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
You have that sound.
You have the sound of a beautiful terminal.
There's something awfully strange going on over there.
And I hear these filthy tails about these ugly filthy things
that have around the room there.
It's a neat catalog.
It's a, it's some sort of, it catalog.
You have that opening, opening on the desk.
I think it's just shameful, shameful.
A meat cattle hug.
Yes.
Yes, the killboss.
It's a, oh, I don't know what it is.
It's a killboss, a catalog.
There it is right there.
And you will.
The tell you what sort of meat are available in your box.
Oh, right.
Well, listen, it sure has always been, you know,
exciting to talk to you.
And I have a, there's so much deformity these days.
I know.
You're going to be disarmed.
Have a wonderful life and we'll say hello to Senator for you.
I will say hello to Senator for you.
And you can expect it at Tate Nail.
OK.
I take to Annville, Kate.
OK.
And I want to see the dealer with you.
All right.
When is this?
Thank you, me.
OK, there she goes.
This Miami Shor is in rare form today.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, boy.
Oh, yeah.
Could this be that killboss she was talking about?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, it looks like it to make me a,
an hour to end that Jeff Striker pin.
OK, now you were about to ask me a question,
but obviously I made the right choice.
Oh, yeah.
As always.
Yeah.
Yes.
When I see Miami Shor is, believe me,
that finger moves fast.
I know.
Just like Senator Graham.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
It's a good thing Senator Graham wasn't here
when Chris and Gary were here, right?
I've decided not to ask you the question.
I would rather not.
Why?
It's OK.
Well, I don't know what the answer is going to be.
I'm afraid of what the answer is going to be.
Now I have to ask.
How right?
Now I have to go ahead and ask.
It would become so wimpy.
You've been hanging out with me, you too much lately.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I would just curious with when you are out in public
and people do come up and talk to you,
if they ask you about me, that was all I was wondering.
They don't.
No.
OK.
Now, it's only I was afraid to hear the answer.
They don't ask you where the bird is.
No.
OK.
It's an honest answer.
Only if I'm in front of like a pet store.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
and they'll point to the two-canon.
They'll say, can that be?
And I'll say no.
No.
He's home.
He's in his own cage.
OK.
All right.
That was a good one.
For a lottery.
Hello.
Oh, hi.
Uh, two things.
One thing I'm calling on stands, uh, defense.
Please.
OK.
There are some things on here to show that you just
know and offer that I think is much better.
The news updates.
The news updates?
They're much better in the afternoon.
OK.
Any has great commercials?
Right.
OK.
Oh, listen, there's something to message.
Which beer commercial?
You want?
I have a tape of the Butch beer.
Oh, yeah.
That's the one that some people are getting hysterical about.
Oh, it's good.
I haven't heard it.
I've been either.
I can't send it.
But this jock from KGR cutting to the last part of it.
From what?
KGR Palm Beach.
I made it.
KGR.
WKGR.
Maybe.
What is that?
I only listen to Zeta 4, so it doesn't.
Well, that's good.
We like that.
You're our kind of caller.
Oh, hi.
Oh, hi.
That was nice.
Broken radio.
Yeah.
No.
I want to know something about Stan.
No, Stan for me.
If he holds Don Johnson's picture up with one hand or does he save time and actually maybe
tape it to the bathroom wall?
You know, I always have wanted to ask him, but I'm afraid he'll give me a serious answer.
If Don Johnson, you know, we're stupid enough and desperate enough, which he's not.
No, seriously.
No, no, wait a minute.
Listen to me.
If Don Johnson were foolish enough to come to Stan's home, okay?
And climb those two flights of stairs to the third floor, which he would never do.
No.
What would he do with them?
You know, I mean, what would he do?
If he hopped in the sack with Don Johnson, what would he do with them?
That would be the end of his straight career.
I think every time it comes on, he probably has to change his underwear.
I don't know.
Maybe we're the diver to save time, but I know my girl, Franci also is in love with the
guy I don't want to show.
And every time it comes on, she gets all excited.
And I run into the bedrooms.
They hear them and get a pair of underwear.
I'm sure you're going to need them.
Well, see, that's your problem.
You should run to the bedroom and give her something else, not the underwear.
Yeah.
That's not easy.
I don't look like Don Johnson.
I can't stand to wear shoes without socks.
I don't like socks.
Since I've been in Florida, I almost never wear socks.
Of North, you'd never think of not wearing socks, but here, he has no wear socks here.
It's just not the thing to do.
No, no, seriously.
All kidding us.
Okay, let's get serious.
All right.
Stand Major is a great guy.
He's great looking.
He's one hell of a talk show host.
And I think the world of him.
Okay?
Okay, well, have you over it about 630?
I'm not finished yet.
Okay.
Now, on this time, I don't want to check.
I want it in cash.
Okay.
All right.
It's in the mail.
Thanks a lot.
He wants that tape, by the way.
Yeah.
Is it the airable?
I mean, is it good?
I can send you the tape.
But yeah, it is.
Well, they butcher beer.
Yeah.
But they're saying, they played it.
Why can't you?
Oh, yeah, they played it.
But I read in very famous newspaper in the weekly news that there are some people very upset about it.
Well, that's life.
I mean, it's something really upset about anything.
Anybody does anyway.
I mean, geez, you know, what's the difference?
Who cares?
Yeah, I don't care.
Well, I'll send it if you'll play it.
Okay.
I'll promise.
I'll put you around because he cut in before it was already there.
Well, I'll just play.
Maybe we'll get him a job, you know?
Get him out of Palm Beach.
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Boy, that's exciting.
We're going to have the butcher beer thing.
I haven't heard it.
Now, if there are people in the weekly news listening, I don't want to get them upset
because they sent me those big, glossy pictures of Jason.
Tom Howell, C. Thomas Howell from the Hitcher and Jason Gedrick from Heaven.
Right.
You're still cherishing those, aren't you?
Well, especially the one.
Well, the picture of Tom Howell was okay.
It was good.
I mean, these were really quality Hollywood photos, glossy colors.
These are the kind that Stan would take to the Photoshop and have enlarged like to cover
that whole wall over there.
Oh, yeah.
He does, by the way.
I'm serious.
You think that I'm joking?
I don't know where he gets these pictures.
Although he does have that camera that he brought in here.
But like almost at least twice a week.
I'm not making this up twice a week.
Well, let's go by the Broward Mall and even if you don't want to go in, you know, right
between Jordan Martian Sears where there's the mall entrance, there's a, you don't know,
you don't go to the mall.
I don't live the place.
Well, at any rate, there is a Photoshop right inside the door and I'll park out by Jordan
Martian.
He'll zip in there and he'll come out and have all these big.
They're not new to anything.
Right.
But they're these enormous enlargements that he has made of these pictures of young
ladies.
Yeah.
Young ladies, yeah.
As a matter of fact, I stand this afternoon thanks to the not right to life because the
caller had managed me yesterday, not the anti-abortion crowd like Dr. Heffernan.
He's going to have a group of female fetuses on his show this afternoon.
It's going to be incredible.
He's going to be interviewing unbelievable.
Trolling for...
What are these?
But these pictures, they are not very young.
They're young.
It's a picture he takes in the Broward Mall.
Is that what you're saying?
No.
Oh, you think in other words, I would walk around with him while he's got his camera.
Well, I'm asked standing in that tree inside the mall with his arms there like a gorilla,
like appearing...
Oh, if you could have seen that, that was worth a million dollars.
Who's that?
You could have seen that picture.
You know, I'm walking along and all of a sudden I realize that he's mesmerized somewhere
and I turn around and there he is like a perfect pervert, you know, standing in the
bushes, you know, looking through the tree and just hanging on the limbs, panting with
his tongue down to his puppet.
You know, it was great.
He has a matter of fact, we're going to be having a former I-95 jock on next week when
Chris and Gary come back from Mississippi.
But...
Some wild things went on in that FM...
What do they call that room?
That's not FM production.
What do they call it?
The one where the tea lady...
Oh, no, the tea lady did.
That was FM production.
Now the other room across the atrium is over here.
The FM dubbing room.
The dubbing room?
That's where they got all the good equipment in there.
Yeah.
Well, also in production too.
The FM production...
Well, somebody used to work on I-95 thought it was the rubbing room.
Not the dubbing room.
Or maybe you could put them together like Rubba Dub Dub because little kids like those
kind of, you know, with their little ducky in the bath.
The room you and I cut the commercial.
And that's the FM dub.
And every time I would walk down the atrium when I used to work at night there to be these
little guys coming out of the dubbing room.
It was really incredible.
Young guys.
Well, not a little like 12 and 13.
Wow.
Yeah.
Boy, this building.
And I said, hey, what are you guys doing?
auditioning for Menudo?
11 before 2 at WINZAM.
Not to be confused with anything else or any play sales anywhere in this building.
And we'll come right back.
