They have real wacko is just standing by to talk to us here this hour.
I want to remind you again, man, I'm promoing this show like crazy because this could be,
this could be something, and then on the other hand it could be a big bomb, you never know.
But Friday morning at 10 o'clock we're going to talk to James McKinney, Chief of the Mass Media Bureau for the FCC Rock Creek Hill Ode.
Oh Neil, do you love yourself?
Is this another crank?
No.
Is this one of Al's neighbors?
No.
Okay.
Do you love yourself?
I really didn't give much thought about it. Do you love yourself?
Of course.
Oh, okay.
Well you see that's maybe that's why you're so miserable.
Oh, are you related to the guy from Hylia?
No, but he's got a point.
Yeah. You've got a point too. It's right at the top of the head, you jackass.
What up?
What are we getting all these people out?
All the amateur psychologists, they must be getting ready for Steve to come back on here.
Unbelievable. Yeah, that may have to be one of Al's neighbors. That was a setup.
Okay, we've got several open lines now.
The last caller seemed to knock the daylight out of the board.
In Dade County, 624-0191, and in Broward, 764-0707.
I'm sure the last caller loves himself because we saw what he was doing.
West Palm, hello.
Hi Neil, how are you?
Okay, I think.
Oh, I hope so. Well, I'm in West 52nd Street, didn't I?
But I'm not surprised that they're carrying up Steve Dallinger and Myers from Chicago.
Yeah, we haven't heard too much about them.
Well, the last I knew when I was in Chicago or near Illinois, they were all
because they had offended somebody who operated the station who was in idiots.
And they took the malls and then they were supposed to go to another station.
Yeah.
And it never happened.
Okay. And they killed two in Illinois because they got people that were good
and then they just one by one took them off.
And really, I'm down in Mayer.
I was about the best thing that was out of there.
I would say they were about a year.
Well, well, if you would accept it.
Oh boy, a couple of real degenerates, huh?
Who don't love themselves and are miserable and have nothing to do?
You married his three kids.
Oh my gosh.
He's not a young, single, nice-looking...
But they were interesting.
Every day they came on with something new.
It wasn't the same head.
You get, you know, but really carried on and got people interested.
And they were just shifting up from station to station like they're doing sound years.
Yeah.
Well, see, that's the problem.
There's a lot of spineless management in this business.
In fact, most management is spineless.
And all they got to do was get a little bit of heat and right away, you know,
in the beginning they're usually real supportive and all excited and enthusiastic.
But, boy, inside their stomachs are churning and they're just waiting for the first flack.
And then, you know, most of them start buckling at the knees.
Well, I hope you stay on, because I really,
you're the only one I get to listen to and you're really enjoyable.
You make my day fly.
And I enjoy you.
I'm not old. I'm not young.
I'm kind of in between.
Yeah, like most of us.
Oh no, you're young.
Oh really?
Oh yeah, I would think so.
Oh, sure.
Until I come in and do the show every day.
Wow.
I imagine it takes a lot out of you.
Then I start hating myself and getting real bored.
Man, you know, I listen to some of these people out there.
That's one of the things that I find the most amusing is that people who listen in the audience,
a lot of them, they really think they know something and they don't know a damn thing.
And as I said to that jerk before, there are people I know in this business
and, you know, I could just blow the lid off the whole market, but I wouldn't do it to people.
But they think that they're really because they listen to somebody on here.
It's like watching Johnny Carson or watching Bill Cosby.
I mean, Bill Cosby in his personal life might be an SOB.
He might be a nasty guy, you don't know.
Right, that's his mannerful from making his living.
Exactly.
Make a home and kick the dogs.
Right.
Well, it's great talking to you.
I really like that.
I had a call collect.
I called once and he said, call the collect.
Please.
We got loads of money here.
We don't know what to do with it.
Wonderful.
I'm really happy for you, Bill.
Get a nice big raise when your time comes up is...
Enough people say you're the best.
Don't ever eventually admit it.
Who will?
Who are your boss, I hope.
Oh, no.
Well, they only say that on alternate days.
See, one day they say you're the best the next day of the worst and that way they figure it even's out.
We got them all today.
We got all of Bernard Meltzscher's fan.
Hello, Bernard.
I wanted to tell you about Taffy.
You know, it's that same woman.
That's the incredible thing.
There's one woman.
She's about 120 years old.
And she makes all of those calls.
She calls Wichner and she calls Taffy.
And she calls Dr. Uckle Bernard.
Man, I'm telling you.
If we ever lose her half of these people are going to be out of business.
Okay, let's do a little business of our own here.
Does anybody ever see him together?
It's 21 past one.
By the way, speaking of rumors, you know that call we had at the top of the hour that another young misfit
who sounded like Mitch's twin brother who said he was calling from Rock Creek.
Well, I just got a call on the bad line.
You're not going to believe who it is rumored that that caller was.
Now, he was calling from Rock Creek.
And we know that a fairly well-known talk hostess in the market lives in Rock Creek.
And the rumor is that that caller, I mean, I find it hard to believe.
But will this be a story?
This would make the Mike Miller rumor pale into one significant.
No one will need my stupid steal.
No one will need my stupid steal.
By the no who it was, man, we'd kept him on little longer.
Okay, 22 minutes past one at WNZ.
That was the WNZ's poster child.
You just turned there.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Dale?
Yes, sir.
Listen to that.
We had two lines with English and Spanish.
And now they...
Boy, what a foul mouth-old fart he was, wasn't he?
Boy, he was a foul mouth nasty prune, huh?
Unbelievable.
