In fact, maybe we'll just take calls for a while from people in mobile phones.
How long do you think we can make that last?
Till about 20 after?
Quarter after?
About 10-13.
But don't call yet because we haven't really said anything yet, right?
Well, although if you want to, that's okay with me because of 35 cents a minute.
Look at all the money we can make for the phone company.
So if there are any of you guys, because I know that we only have one woman who's got a mobile phone,
what a sexist thing that whole business is right about mobile phones.
The men, all the yuppies and all the soothes have the mobile phones, the males, the women's soothes,
they haven't got anything, which is really bizarre.
I don't know what the hell that's all about.
But anyway, one of the other things I really wanted to get into, how many people in the audience just finished watching Donahue this morning.
And I think he taped that about a week ago and I correct something like that a few days ago in Fort Lauderdale.
And boy, I'm telling you just what we need more great publicity, right?
America continues to look down upon us and I'm doing look down and realize what a bunch of aberrant douchebags there are in this community.
I mean, we have gotten more per square inch than you're going to find anywhere.
All those brilliant businessmen in Fort Lauderdale, man, they're just brilliant.
Where did everybody go? What happened?
You know, they don't want young people.
They certainly don't want very old people.
They want the perfect demographic.
They want the, it's kind of like the contest they were running.
You know, they want the perfect body and the perfect demographic and all the perfect body parts and how big they're supposed to be.
And they expect them to all be in the right place.
And if you're not in that category, man, don't come to Fort Lauderdale because we don't want you here.
That's the bottom line.
And that's why next year in the spring, you know, you'll be able to drive cannonballs up and down A1A because you're not going to be anybody there, including most of those business people because they're all going to be out of business.
Do you think there's anybody in the audience here this morning or are they in a coma again?
I was planning on doing a good show today, but if they're going to be a lethargic trust me, we'll save the good stuff for tomorrow.
And by the way, speaking of tomorrow, is that going to be some kind of a show?
We have that genius from the FCC up in Washington is going to be on the phone with us the first hour and is going to give us the outcome of today's hearings on the Howard Stern Show.
And there are two other shows that are under investigation because of their content or language or something like that.
And we're going to find out about that tomorrow.
And also we're going to have delineated for us.
Is that a big enough word for Taffy?
They're going to delineate the guidelines for what we can and cannot say on the year.
That's from 10 to 11.
And then from 11 to 2, we're going to say everything that they tell us that we can say.
And I mean that in other words, this guy better really let it all hang out from 10 to 11 because anything that he says is verboten, fine, we'll write it down and we'll put it on the ceiling here and we'll make sure that nobody says it.
But anything shy of that, good luck to him.
I think those people in the mobile phone should be calling now, don't you?
No, I'm not asking you to check because there's nobody calling.
But I think they're really they ought to be on the line.
The only problem it's going to be with this is that if we put them all on hold, oh I see, I never thought about that because most of our bunch of cheap skates anyway, they just a bunch of sueds trying to impress everybody, but they never use those phones.
But if we put them on hold, then it starts running up at 35 cents a minute while around a hole.
Never thought about that.
Okay, what we might do is if you're in a mobile phone this morning and you want to comment on any of these things that Liberace or on the spring break or Donna,
hear anything you want to talk about or you just want to call in and make a fool of yourself, you can call and just let the line keep ringing.
How's that?
We'll do it like Larry King.
Only I'm not quite as ugly as Larry, but we'll try to work on it anyway. We'll use a good imagination.
By the way, did you see Jicke's column the other day in the Miami News about how Larry King may be audio in May in the South Florida?
This is his hometown.
And evidently now that IOD is dropping his show, it would appear that nobody else is going to pick it up.
And that's because he owes everybody here so much money that they don't want anything to do with him. It's incredible.
Okay, let me see those. Look at that. They're flashing like a Hanukkah bush. I can't believe it.
Let me give the numbers out. And what we'll do is we'll answer them one at a time. Now what if they're not in mobile phones?
Would it just hang up on them? Good. Kyle said absolutely. We're just going to hang up on them and get rid of them.
So here the numbers. And again, if you're in a mobile phone, you let it keep ringing. And then what we're ready to get to you?
Boy, this could be a whole new format for a new show on this station.
624-0191. See, I was really impressed because all the lines were ringing. Now everybody in Date County disappeared again.
624-0191. And it's powered 764-0707.
I mean, can you follow this? There's just a little too complicated for you folks. I know that I have to draw a diagram.
And it's hard to do on the radio. Look at that. All the lines are flashing there. It's incredible.
And I'm going to tell you if this is not Liberace, then I'm more sure it's perfect. No question about it.
I can't believe that picture. It's unbelievable. Okay, call her online too. Says he's on a mobile phone. Is that true, sir?
Yes. Okay, and Kyle doesn't believe you. All right. I'll see you guys in a moment.
I'm trying to, you know, for a lot of day, I was sort of running people out, running business out.
They had a plan show here a couple of weeks ago. I tried to call you. No, no vitamins, sir. The plan shows on WIOD on another weekend.
I know. It's your program. I understand the radio doesn't change. It was just something else.
Anyway, they had a plan show at World Memorial, and they were, you know, having people come over and you buy plants, and you put them right here, house, your apartment, etc.
The city of Fort Waterdale has come over to where I live, and they say that you can't put any plants outside your apartment or your home or anything like that. You don't have anything outside of your door.
How about a welcome, Matt? Is that also illegal? I don't know where they'd like that. That's only all right. If it says kids go away, then it's okay.
In other words, you're delivering your apartment like death row. Nothing outside your cell, not exactly. In fact, what they're doing instead of placemats outside, they're having print-as-rushed mats outside the door so that if anybody plans on going out, they'll only do it once.
That's it. Well, I had, as a matter of fact, along that line, so that people wouldn't break into, we live up on the second floor, and there's nobody to case any attention in the building that we live in.
I had some metals shelves that were fit up against the wall that I had my plants on, and the purpose, one of the main purposes, was that they couldn't break into the window. In other words, the shelves would be in front of the window, and the plants would be on the shelves, and it would be somewhat discouraging or rattling around with them, which caused some disturbance.
Are you really spending $0.35 a minute to tell me this, sir? Absolutely. Well, I'll tell you, you're really a hell of a big time spender. You're the kind of guy they need in Fort Waterdale.
Well, I feel so. The city is running me out. I've lived here 27 years, and I feel that living in Fort Waterdale today is like living in that determined a year ago.
Exactly. No question about it. Exactly. And I think, even when you talk to people I went to Orlando this weekend, and people there, you couldn't move. The traffic defenders, the kids in the streets were loaded, the citizens were burming.
And I think what it is, is the business that they run away from here has gone to other places such as Daytona or Orlando.
Sir, did you say Orlando didn't you read Bob Rubens' column in the Harold Sports section this morning?
Poor Bob is all upset. Orlando's Miami bashing is Mickey Mouse, he says. Poor Bob. They're picking on us, Bobby.
I think this is such a bush-league town here. It's unbelievable. And Bob Rubens epitomizes everything that's bush-league about South Florida.
He's just like in Pope. He likes to think that he's writing in New York, and here he is in Miami, where all we have is the dolphins. He likes to think he's a real sports writer.
I pick up, I'm a radio freak. I listen to the news on the radio. I don't really read the papers. I must say that I'm not a sports fan. I don't see a number of good sports tonight. I mean, I could watch a fighter or something.
What does that mean to you? You used to skip Jim Klasalad. What are you trying to tell us?
I'm not a sports person. I don't read the paper. I listen to the news. I listen to the news. Whenever I want to hear, I watch it on the news media. And I catch moans, but on the radio.
Even late at night, through 3-4 o'clock in the morning, I'm listening to...
What does this have to do with the price of peas and forlotterdales? What does that mean? Why are you trying to do that?
I didn't want to be a dead horse. I didn't want to be a dead horse. I didn't want to be a dead horse.
Fort Lauderdale.
You're sure you're doing a hell of a job of it. I'll tell you that. I mean, you're at the top of a stretcher. You're going in reverse.
Are you going to be at the quarter pole any second, sir?
I can tell. You're like some of the horses I've been on at Calder.
Don't you ever pick any winners, sir?
Every now and then, I think twice last summer was pretty good.
When you go to the darksack, the horse track, or high-rise, there's no winners. There's no winners.
If you like to gamble and you have money, you want to go for entertainment. I don't think there's many winners.
I'm glad you're there. You sure are covering a lot of ground in a short period of time. I mean, you're really tucking all bases.
I think Fort Lauderdale is going to be worse than Miami.
Really?
Absolutely.
Yeah. Well, they have that new project called Graveside coming up in Fort Lauderdale.
I'm not aware of that.
Yeah, it's going to compete with Bayside. Graveside.
Well, I can tell you that they outbid Halendale for it.
If the attitude of the city of Fort Lauderdale continues, there's not going to be anybody here.
Okay, sir. Well, listen. I'll see you in the front porch.
All right. Yeah. No front porch for me. They say nothing is going on your porch. Just like Nancy's Germany. Get it out.
Okay. All right. Good luck, dear, sir. Austin. It's 21 minutes past 10 at WINZ. That's pretty good, huh?
See, this is a situation we only need one call at a time, right?
John Hinkley and Bonnie and Clyde in the control room.
Okay. I can't believe that we have a real degenerate on a phone here. Hello?
Hey, how you doing? Marlon, what's going on? Are you in or out?
Well, we're going to get in and we'll get out fast as we can.
All right. We're live in downtown Miami about an hour when the Spurman gets a toss, he's on with myself.
We're going to be passing out the happy storm.
So to speak, you got it. I'm a random 30 to 130.
Okay. Now, where's this going to be downtown?
Downtown Miami, all along Flagler Street around the courthouse, or up the probably farthest distance.
Oh, yeah. Right under that new erection downtown. You got it. Incredible.
And we'll probably check back with you in between the 1131 to let you know how it's going.
Okay. Well, Marlon, we always said around here that you couldn't get arrested, but I think you're out to disprove that today.
Oh, I got a feeling something's going to happen.
Okay. Great.
I'll be dressed as a giant condom.
Really? Yes.
Well, we sent Kathy Weston there to see we gave her a little instruction here the other day, so I'd watch out for her.
She heard she was coming.
Two fingers.
I hear you.
Okay, Marlon. Good luck to you.
I can tell you.
Okay. 25 past 10 at WINZ. There he is, Mr. Eurasperm King himself.
And we have a caller in line four on a mobile phone. We presume. Hello?
Are you there?
Now see a cheap skate. He probably figured we'd put him on hold.
Okay. Let me give those numbers again, because this was going to work real well, but I have a feeling like a sinking feeling in a pit of my stomach that we could have just shot the whole deal in date County 624.
I mean, really, this is too complicated for you, isn't it folks? It's much too complex.
When we don't want people in mobile phones, there are pain in the ass. They get on here.
You know, every now and then we got to go to them first because they lay a guilt trip on us, because it's 35 cents a minute.
If we put them on hold, they start getting better out of shape.
But when we invite them, when we go to extraordinary lengths and invite them and even set up a whole special deal for them on the phone, they can't figure it out.
Hello?
Hello?
Let me say it again. Hello, sir.
I think I want to speak up, sir.
Turn the radio on.
Oh, man, is this guy a winner? Go ahead, sir.
I have a little say on radio since the truth is, Dick Bianne, up the air in Chicago in 1964, for telling a joke that probably was pretty bad then.
I remember that. I remember when Dick Bianne disappeared in Buffalo at WKBW.
Well, he was my idol when I was in high school.
Really? Well, that explains your present mental states, sir.
Anyway, since I came to Florida, I, that's not what I want to say.
At least a truck a couple of months ago that came with an AM radio.
Wait a minute, you least a truck?
Yes, at least a truck. I put them in a minute truck.
What are you doing? Robbing a bank this morning, sir. What is it that you're doing?
Delivering plants.
Another plant guy. Oh, this is good. The guy from IOD must be looking for a job. Delivering plants?
I, at least a truck that came with an AM radio.
Yeah.
And since that of the Spanish, I went to the dial when that time found your shell.
You were destined to have been a while, this and the river since then.
And if it wasn't for the fact that the Wheaton company screwed me out of an AM radio,
I never would have discovered your shell.
Why are you seeing every, every dark cloud is a little silver lining.
Yes, and I just wanted to let you know that I'm a loyal listener.
And not everybody who has a mobile phone is driving in a BMW 635.
Exactly. Okay, we're impressed, sir.
There he goes. He didn't have much to say to the 28 minutes past 10 at WINZ.
This is going over like a lead balloon in the heat of July.
For a minute there was great, but you know the problem was because the phone kept ringing.
They all got confused. Man, you talk about dumb.
Those people in those cars with the mobile phones, they are so dumb.
Have you ever driven by one of those people?
And they're not paying any attention to what they're doing.
They don't even have time to comb their hair or do their makeup.
Even the guys. It's incredible. You know, they're busy with the phone.
And they're not talking anybody. They just want everybody else going by to watch them
and impress them like they're really talking to somebody on the mobile phone.
Like, look at me. You know, we got Glen again in a mobile phone.
Okay, let me give the numbers on again.
And let me try to explain to you ladies and gentlemen what we're doing this morning
just for a little bit of diversion.
Okay, can you understand this?
If you're on a mobile phone, I know there are thousands of you out there
because when we don't want to hear from you, you're all over the place.
Just dial the number and let it keep ringing.
It won't cost you anything.
That's how we're talking about.
Has anybody seen that picture on 9a in a hero?
You don't have to be in a mobile phone.
Let's get back to the regular show.
Because if I keep pushing this, the rest of the audience is going to be revolting
by 11 o'clock, more so than usual.
In Dave County, 624-0191.
624-0191.
And it's powered 764-0707.
I really do. I think they're all in a coma this morning.
Can that be possible?
Okay, what we're going to do.
We've got some Mondevani that we're going to be playing.
It's part of the new winds format that starts on Monday.
We went previewed for it a little bit early.
But man, you just have to be quick.
You have to be quick.
And the people here are so slow.
It's like they're in first gear.
God Almighty, I can't believe this.
Let me give those numbers one more time.
I can't believe this this morning.
This is embarrassing.
In Dave County, 624-0191.
Did anybody see Donahue?
Are your TV sets working?
Or is the whole audience on work release?
624-0191.
And it's powered 764-0707.
And I'm still waiting for Colodusa.
Well, I'm going to take a break because I can't deal with it.
Right? You want to just take a break and then we'll go home?
Because this audience is morning, man.
I'm telling you, they are really on heavy-duty drugs.
There's no question about it.
It's 1033 at WYNZ when we come back.
Taffy will be here.
Looking at this morning is fix it back there or somebody.
Do we have a real long mic cord?
Because I'm going out on strike today.
I really am. I need to go into the newsroom or I'm going outside
if we have one that long.
If we got a long mic cord, must have one back there in engineering, don't we?
I'm not joking. I'm serious. I'm leaving this room.
Because I'm not going to deal with these deadheads on the phone.
They're all flashing and flashing and I look down.
There's like two calls and then they're flashing again.
You know, put away the raincoat.
What do you pal? I mean, let's get serious here already.
I am not going to sit in the studio and be a prisoner of the stupid telephone.
I mean, just out of the clear blue again, here it is, and other Thursday.
And they're all in the twilight zone today.
We had to just pick our brains out to get a couple of calls on mobile phones.
And now we're going through another whole syndrome altogether.
Is there anybody back there in engineering?
I see a little light on.
Is that the Christopher Candle he's got on back there?
Is that a light bulb?
There's anybody back in engineering who I want to those real long mic cords.
And is it decent outside?
It seemed to me it was pretty nice when I came to work Sunday shining.
Maybe we could put a little chair out there in the back.
My watch is right on target. We'll take the log and we'll interview some of the birds in the back.
No, no more mobile phones. Tell the guy to get lost.
Is that you?
Yeah.
Are you on your mobile phone? We don't want to talk to you now.
It's 22-4-11 at WINZ.
Where's somebody in engineering?
Are we likely to be the other day?
When the monitors died, there's got to be somebody back there.
They're pretending they don't hear me because they think I'm going to do something irrational.
And they know better than that.
And I keep looking around here.
I think we're going to play music to find somebody in engineering with a long mic cord.
I know it's not at the hallmark. There's no question about that.
The white left town with a banana.
Mouth are rotten deal.
Found that yellow devil hiding in her purse.
He's cold and he's hard, but he's got a peel.
I hope it never happens to you.
Some fruit breaks your marriage into.
The white left town with a banana.
My baby slipped away.
The white left town with a banana.
I'm a jealous man.
Found a six-inch Latin lover.
Now she's a little bit more than you.
The white left town with a banana.
The white left town with a banana.
My baby slipped away.
My baby slipped away.
You're going to believe this, but nobody in here.
Is there anybody in this building listening to the show even Kyle has turned it off?
What is this all about?
Is this a surprise today?
This is like the day after income tax deadline, right?
This is going to get even with you.
I don't believe this.
I'm not joking around.
Because if there's nobody going to bring it here, I'll just get up and we'll leave dead air.
Don't answer the phone anymore.
Don't even waste your time with it.
I'll go back and I'll find one myself back there.
See, he's insisting on answering the phone.
He will not listen to the show.
It's like on a different wavelength.
I don't think we even on the ear this morning.
This is a dry run.
I'm not going to talk to those nerds.
Screw them.
I've been waiting 35 minutes and they all just can't make up their mind.
They can't get their act together this morning.
They must have a new game or something going on.
I can't believe it.
They're not even calling, oh, you're calling engineering.
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
There's nobody back there.
They're out to lunch.
It's 20 to 11.
They're out to lunch already.
There really is nobody back there.
We've got 200 people wandering around this building.
Wouldn't you think there's somebody with a mic cord?
I mean, not everybody in a building could have had their cords tied this morning.
Where is one?
Is that an engineer?
Who is that?
Oh, no, it's not an engineer.
Well, it's almost an engineer.
He used to be until a portal at T in the board.
Is there anybody back there, Dan?
Nobody is back there?
Well, you can find me along my cord.
I mean, are you in a wrong union or something?
Do something constructive.
Boy, look how fast he's moving.
He just his feet are barely in motion.
Harrison standing in there.
He's in a coma this morning.
Look at that.
I can't believe this.
These people are all on heavy, heavy drugs today.
Is there anybody in the building who's alive?
Is there something that went on during the 1030 break that I didn't know about?
Man, this is incredible.
Is it like I'm asking for them to bring in a halivar or something?
Or just because we missed Purim, they're going to bring in a carton of homeontation?
Forget it.
They left me out on Purim.
They're not going to do it now.
How about some stale mots, is anything?
Boys is embarrassing.
We have a live studio audience this morning on work release,
and we can't even get a mic cord in here.
Got a mic cord or what?
Look at, oh, this is the guy with a short cord.
Get out of here.
Will you please?
We know how long your cord is.
Gary Lawrence comes in here with about a three-inch cord.
No, that's not a long cord.
Boy, this is the lowest budget station in America, folks.
W-O-F-F, yeah, I know.
We had to sell the mic cords to pay my salary.
That's going to be the next story.
We had to pay Neal's salary by auctioning off all of our equipment.
I know.
How about a pot of tea, at least?
I could spill it in the equipment here or something.
No, they've got a long, they don't have any back there.
They've got them wound up, ADR's long.
Come on, we used them at the hallmark.
No, don't, don't yank my cord.
Will your plays just got to be something back there?
Look at this, we got the whole station running around in the hallway.
This is the most action they've seen since I-95 bit to dust.
I'm telling you.
Since they burned all those 95 INZ bumper stickers,
this is the most action we've had.
Oh my god, look at this, a real honest-to-got engineer with a long cord.
We always knew you had a long cord.
That's what Sandy told us.
That's why she's in hiding.
She is, she's in hiding these days.
But here's fix it now, man.
I'm telling you all you took them, what?
15 minutes to get in here?
Nobody told you.
I know you were listening to IOD.
Caughters not that funny this morning.
I heard him come into work.
He gave me all this material yesterday and said I could use it.
Here he is, ladies and gentlemen.
I'll tell you what, let's take our last break a little bit ahead of time.
I know this is going to get somebody in traffic all upset.
But let's take it a little bit ahead of time,
and then we're going to do the whole rest of the show out in the backyard,
and in the hall, I'm not taking these calls today.
No more stits on it.
Let me say it again.
That was exciting.
This is...
Wait a minute, are we on the air?
All of a sudden I feel like Intendola.
Listen to this.
Does this sound as bad on the air as I hear it in my ears?
No?
Kill that thing.
Boy, that was pathetic.
Okay, we're up here in front of the atrium.
What we're going to do is go around, find out what the hell all these people do all day.
Look at that.
There's a bunkie buyer.
Come on, bunkie.
Let's put you on the air.
First, man, that'll put him to sleep.
That'll put him back to sleep.
Look at bunkie here with a big smile on his face.
If you had that brain transplant yet, bunkie.
Man, you're reading.
What's in the cup?
This is John Brown.
This early in the morning already, huh, man?
That governor will get it to you.
That's tidy, boy.
Is it really?
I know.
It looks like it just came out of there too.
Look at that.
It's just the right color bunkie.
What are we doing out here in the middle of all this...
Humbub.
We're taking a show outside.
We're hitting the road with the show.
Here comes Ron Harrison.
He's been hit before.
Oh, yeah.
Ron Harrison's been all over the road.
Look at that.
He won't speak to us now.
Big sports star.
Look at this.
Look at all of these people out here.
We got the folks on work release.
We got body implied.
And John Hinkley over there.
Ron, is it...
Is that your house yet?
Have I what?
It's sold your house yet.
No, I haven't sold it.
You heard about your big offer in New York.
Yeah, I did get one.
And it's working.
I'm working on it right now, as a matter of fact.
And we've got the house up for sale.
And I'm in contract negotiations here to...
You know who any of these people are out here, what they do?
I don't know the names of anybody in this building.
Not one soul, do I know the names.
They changed so fast.
They sent out 422 W2 forms this year.
Really?
I'm employees now.
You know, people only show twice a month here every other Friday.
You know, am I the only one who's...
Why am I worrying that you'll do...
You know the interesting thing about where you set phones?
Look what they're connected to.
Yeah, nothing.
Nothing.
You know what these people do?
We're going to put it inside a bunkie's brain, though.
You know what these people do?
They pick up a bank.
Are you still living or is your job...
Are you stuck?
No, I thought I'd come out here and just act like the rest of the talk showed.
Whether or not you're a demographic.
Yeah, get out of here, bunkie.
And we're going to use the cordless mic now.
Get your mail.
I'm going to go get the mail in just a second.
What are you doing with that, Max?
Stop wireless mic.
Yeah, I saw where you got that.
Okay, boy, this is going to be good.
But this hour's a little disorganized.
I think we may get rid of the phone altogether.
How far is this going to reach?
Because I want to go outside on the lawn.
We might go and interview Gary Lawrence before the show is over, too.
Is he in there?
Or is he working on the FM?
Oh, that's it.
That's the end of my cord.
No, we'll get you.
Are we going to use the micless mic?
That'll be good.
I'm going to go out on 47th Avenue with that.
How far will that go?
Find out.
I'll find out.
Okay.
He's listening in two.
Are you hearing me?
It's okay.
Yeah, I'll be.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, we're doing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're out here.
This is what it's all about.
Hello.
Good day.
Hi.
For how about now how far can I go?
We get a chair out here.
Can I do the show under the chair?
Yeah.
Bring a chair out here.
Now get a little.
Is it?
Any way you like in the sun?
Is it sound okay in there or what?
Go back to the other light.
This is incredible isn't it? Just like going out and doing a remote. Hello? Hello?
Tash? Hello? Hello? Do you hear me?
Look at that. There's Harrison. He just stole this one from the keys.
I can't believe it. Isn't it more like it?
I feel just like I'm on live at 5 all of a sudden. Isn't that great if we can get some long furniture out here?
And we can get that what's your name? That token black that they have on there on Channel 7?
Really? I believe it. In fact, he's working on your hood right now. He's working on your new grill.
Prentice is a hell of a... he's a lot of fun at a party, Ron. He works the barbecue like a master. It's incredible.
There he goes. He got some people out there stealing a couple of cars. This goes on every day and the wind's parking lot.
They got that sign that says, a jiffy car wash and you give them the keys and man, you never see it again. It's incredible.
This is great. You know all we need now? All we need are a few horse races here. A couple of windows inside we haven't made. This would be heaven.
Don't you think I could do the show from call to every day once it gets to be the end of May? That would be incredible.
That would be great. And the best part of it is that I have my back. Oh look at this. We even got our own little table.
I can't believe it. We got our own little studio out here in the sun. What is that for Midgets? What is that for the Mike Spindell show?
It's about a foot and a half off the ground. That's good. Thank you gentlemen. That's great. Got my log here for the next hour.
We're going to do something a little bit new here this morning because the audience is definitely they just don't want to participate.
Wait a minute Harrison. Don't go away for one second. Did you see Liberace's picture in a paper?
Come here a minute. I hope I didn't lose it. Now I want to see if I'm losing my mind or if the Marines were in a lot of trouble.
You do realize that don't you? Now wait a minute. Did you see the headline on the story in a hairless morning?
Soviets lure men into honey trap women urged to kiss and tell. Right. Now who is that looks like Liberace?
He's not dead. He's a member of the KGB. I'm telling you. I'll be darned. Well you you get into all this. We ferret it out.
The sanding still over there? Sandi nobody can find sandi. She's over with the KGB now. Sandi is the kissing and telling.
A honey trap. Exactly. Now do you know any human being that would get close to anything that looked like that? No. No chance.
Okay now we don't need a win guard. This is not one of those you know pansy shows where we have to have a lot of accessories. This is great.
Wouldn't you like to exactly I'll do the play by play. Wouldn't you like to be out here every morning doing the sports instead of clogged inside there with all those stuffy boring people?
We got a plant out here. Look at that. Eat your heart out live at five. Man oh man. Oh it's fakers of Channel 7. What do they know? Now all we need. All we need to have now is IOD right across the way.
And we can get all the inside scoop Mike Miller could hang out here just in case. That would be good. Look at all these people out here. Thank you.
Here's a little barrage. He's picked you back again. Great. This is good. This is going to be a great show today.
We're going to have three hours the likes of which nobody we got a couple of our guests are waxing that car over there.
What are you laughing about? I'm serious. They're going to be good. We're going to go out and interview some of the neighborhood up here on 47th Avenue.
Several of our neighbors are on work release. We're going to find out what they've been doing the last couple of months.
It's going to be really good. Then we're going to go up to school. You know there's no school today. Easter vacation.
And we're going to find out what really goes on inside all the schools in day county when school is out.
And you know the interesting part of it is you see all these people who are driving up now.
Who think that it's Friday. They came a day early tomorrow's payday. They don't know what the hell's going on. Do they?
Because they're listening to Zeta. What is it? Zeta 94 point something.
And they haven't got any idea what's going on. A mic muff.
Excuse us. Oh, that looks disgusting. That looks obscene. Is that disgusting or what?
Man, I'm telling you we got the most perverted engineering staff in the history of mankind.
If there's anybody from hell and now this would be good if there any folks who want to drive out and say hello.
We're out here in the middle of nowhere. So don't even think about it. You know.
But that would be great. Having drive right into the parking lot below the horn. Take a little shot or two out the window. That would be good.
Good morning. What would you like to tell us this morning? Sure. Have you been out there hustling the streets?
That's right. Do you need me to sign a petition? Yeah. We're trying to get Neil off the air this morning.
And in fact, we're getting signatures, which is the best part. We're getting a lot of signatures. Here's a little cap.
Look at that. Laurie is here with my animal bag. That's good. And boy, I feel...
Come on back here a second, Ron. We want to check you out a little bit on the wind's laugh meter here this morning. Is that good? Yeah, Mark Tune has got a gun.
Mark is already used this, by the way. Have you noticed that? He didn't clean it well, but you know those PDs. They got a great sense of humor.
Or this is just like being at home. In fact, I might do the show from home tomorrow. We might kind of improve on this every day.
Why don't you do this exactly? Do the sports from Don and the Keys until they take your house away? Yeah.
They're coming next week. And next week they take the house. Well, you know, these radio people, man, are like a bunch of gypsies.
I've got to get going. I've got to go get drunk. Eat out lunch. Good. Well, Rinner is waiting for you down there at his bar. He says that you and he have a good time every day.
These guys that are waxing the car by the way, keep your eye on that one, because that's the one that's going to be missing in a parking lot at around one o'clock.
No, seriously, every day we have one car that disappears in a parking lot. These guys come out with that truck and they say, man, we do a great job.
You know, like 20 bucks. And that's not bad, right? You give them 20 bucks and then they steal a car, which is really good.
It's incredible. Look at how peaceful and tranquil it is. We're going to go out in the transmitter, Shaq, by the way, in the 11 o'clock hour Rick Edwards is out there in the transmitter.
Shaq, he's nailing microphones to the ceiling out there. They're hanging upside down. He's nailing boom likes to the same. Edwards has never been the same since we left Alan Berks old studio, man.
He just has never been the same. He keeps going in there and rolling around on the floor. Alan, Alan keeps making these guttural sounds. It's incredible.
What are you doing there, Ron? Are you leaving or are you just threatening to leave? But you're just transfixed with this.
Good. Well, good luck to you, Ron. Have a great life and have a good time in the keys with all those fishermen and all those fakers down there.
And you're doing your show tomorrow night? You are. Where was kind of like a, oh, you saved that show. Great.
Now, I know what time it is here. What do you think I am? Some kind of a cheap skater. I got a time X watch here. Here, we're going to time. Look at the time. Time is wasting. Don't sweat it at all.
Mike Wolf is sitting there in the news booth right now. We're right on it. We've got our atomic clock going by time X. And Mike has got the headlines and we're going to go to CBS at the top of the hour.
They do the news inside there at CBS. And then we'll come back. Listen to that. That's Ron's Toyota. By the way, there he goes.
At a boy, Ron. Watch out, that one. Okay. And then we'll come back with our number two from the wins lawn at 1106.
To Neil Rogers on 94 news wins. If you'd like to call Neil, dial 7640707 in Broward or 624-0191 in day. And now here again is Neil Rogers.
I want to tell you something. This engineering department is sharp as a motsable. It's incredible. They bring a clock out here in the front lawn.
And the minute was perfect. The only problem was it was on standard time. But we don't nitpick here at WNC. We don't get into all of that.
All of those intricate excellent fix it. It's so good that it's beyond believe that's it. Bring it down to Mike Spindells level about two feet off the ground. That's perfect.
And we're broadcasting from the front lawn. And as soon as these guys get through washing the car, we're going to interview them. Is that the, is that other Mike working? Not too well.
It'll work. Because I want to kind of, but how far will I go? All the way out there like I on 47th Avenue. That would be great. I want to go out and see if I can get mugged on here today like Jerry Williams.
Look what it did for Jerry. Anyway, we got rid of all those painting-ass callers today. We had dumped the telephone. Who is this guy driving in here now? This ought to be good.
But this would give you some real insight into the business here at WNC because we've got like 400 people at work here. We don't know who the hell any of Mar.
And like every other Friday they show up and they collect a paycheck and we, hey, look at that guy. We saw him a couple of weeks ago.
Yeah, what does he do here? Nobody knows, you know, goes all through the building. And then a little bit later we'll go into Gary Lawrence's office.
And we'll hear Gary. Gary is probably getting the latest breakdown on the FM numbers. And that's why he looked like he had tears in his eyes when I saw him in the atrium this morning.
But you know, it takes a long time. Another engineer, I can't believe it. Look at this. Another engine. We got like 40 engineers here at WNC.
It's we got engineers from WSNEWS and from IOD. We have engineers from every station in the market. In fact, some of them I think are still working for the other stations.
Very good morning, Richard. Nice to see you. Areas with his briefcase. Got a little bomb and Gary's going to put in the FM transmitter before the end of the day. Good thinking. Excellent. That had given some attention anyway.
So a little bit of press and that we're just going to kind of sit here out in the front lawn and talk about the weather. This is great. Is this great?
Do you want to give a little plug to sunrise? Sure. Good morning, Neil. We've really enjoyed watching your show. What do you mean watching my show? It's on a radio.
Watching your show is better than listening to it, especially this morning. Well, that isn't any plug for sunrise. I want you to say something positive about sunrise. This is what is your position again?
I'm the administrative assistant to the mayor and sunrise mayor Hoffman. I am so impressed. You have no idea. I just don't know what to say. And sunrise is solvent since you got John Lamello out of there.
Boy, is it ever it is in an exceptional fine city and where everyone would want to move? I wouldn't go that far, but boy, that's good PR excellent.
Neil, where do you live? I'm not, no, not talking into that on the air. I keep moving around to be anonymous. No way, Jose. I'll pass on that. Look at that. Got a little soda here.
I haven't had service like this since the diplomat mall since sunny Rosenberg tinkled all over my knee. That was incredible.
And look at that. Ten minutes after 11, we got our own clock. We have a plant out here. I think it's a fake, but it looks pretty good.
And the birds are chirping and the dogs are barking out into parking lot. This is what we've needed at Winds for a long time.
And I think maybe starting tomorrow in the 11 in the 11 o'clock hour, we've been saying the shows for the birds for a long time. That's true.
Is this working now? I don't know. How about if we use two of them in stereo on compact disc?
Kyle's going to get all upset because he doesn't know which one we're using, right? Well, we're going to go to this hand-held mic.
We're going to do like Oprah and we're going to go up and down the block saying you say what? You say what?
Up to 47. That's good.
I killed the other one. Are we still on the air? Well, Tom, pretty, it sounds pretty lucky to me. I'm getting off of it.
It was an ice-eyed deal while I lasted, but I don't want to start doing one of these short wave shows.
When we get down into the ones again, then we'll start doing like short wave. That sounded like we were on a mobile phone or something.
What happened to Dan Slay? Dan was going to come out and do some of his stick here. What did he disappear?
Oh, it's the rush that you just came out here. I can't believe it. Who's that then? Yeah, Dan hides in those dark caves. When is this?
Come on, brother.
You notice how far he runs away from dogma? He won't come near this microphone. Why not? He's got his mizuzan. He's eating his pants over mots. He's got the only black mots in the whole building. I can't believe it.
Hey, God, nothing to say to you, man. Nothing to say to me, man. Oh, okay.
Boy, oh, boy. These are Jamaicans, man. They are so sensitive. They're so testy. It's unbelievable.
I'll go in and smoke a spliff and he'll come back and be all right. He'll be okay. Who is this? Look at this crazy driver we got into parking lot. Who is that?
Yeah, man. Mike is right over here. Say hello to Mike. How you doing, man?
Who is that? Is that a microneer? He looks like a microneer. I swear to you. He's bombed out of his skull to top it off. How you doing, Mike?
Look at that. He's got Sandy in the trunk. I don't believe it. Listen to her. Sandy, let her out of there. I hear her pounding on a truck. Mike, Mike. My sugar cookies, Mike.
Is that incredible or what? Did you really? Good morning. Well, listen, let's get a parade going up here. Let's see if we can't get some other people going to go up and down the block, blow it a horn.
You're probably getting shot in this block, but they're good luck to you, sir. Okay. Look at that. We got a live drive in audience. You heard of drive-throughs at McDonald's and Burger King. This is the only drive-through talk show in America.
I'm serious. Look at that. Just like Howard Stern over here. I can't believe this. We got a drive-through. That was like a legitimate listener. Does anybody know him? Does anybody know any of the people in here? That's a question. Okay, Dan. This is your big chance in the sunlight.
Mike, would you like me to talk about anything you want? Anything that will kill some good time? I tell you one thing, no matter what, come hell or high water. We're not going back in here today. I mean, between now and two, if we have to make guttable sounds, in fact, we might attract a pretty good crowd out here if we make guttable sounds.
Well, we have plenty of people to do it. I think we should do our next Thursday show. It is Thursday today, I guess, from a mobile phone going down 9.95. What do you think? That's a good idea.
We could go out to Dauphin Expressway. Look at this. It looks like a Mario Andrade coming in here. Oh, no, that's one of the news cars. It's done. Andrade, who is that? Oh, it's Jim Loney. Oh, he doesn't speak to us. Jim Loney just came in. We better get serious now. He pays the insurance for the news car personally since he did that series. He's very attached to that. Come on, Dan. Get serious.
Wouldn't it be great? Are there any neighbors? Now these people out here can't take anything else up. You do realize that, don't you? We even come in under on their fillings, under golden fillings. I'm serious. We come in on the fillings on 47th Avenue. I have a feeling that clock just stopped. I think that's what I think that's when your retainers came out the clock just stopped. If there's anybody listening up here on 47th Avenue, we invite you to come on. Well, I'm not so sure about that. You saw we saw the burglar bars, haven't you? My gutter, more burglar bars on this street. I'm
actually, in fact, you almost get the feeling that they're in business that they're selling them. Now, who is that that just drove out of here? I notice she's listening to Zeta, I guess. She doesn't even know where we are in the dial. Does she work here? That I don't know. You think she's a salesperson? Oh, she's definitely a salesperson. AM or FM? B.M. I can't put the who might actually find out who the hell some of these people are that work in here and pick up a paycheck every other week. As I started to say, if there's anybody on 47th Avenue,
right up here in front of the station, I know you can't pick up anything else. I think some of these people are listening to QBA, don't you? Do you have some Cuban neighbors? That's a good possibility. We are in Miami. No, we're not in Miami. We're in Carroll City. No, we do not be in Miami. We be in Carroll City. That's no question about that. There's a lot of black neighbors up here in this neighborhood. That's why Taffy comes by helicopter every day. A brera. There is somebody approaching the gate, ladies and gentlemen, right now, even as we see.
I'm not going to speak. Look at that. It's Sandy Payton. Sandy is coming in. Boy, this ought to be exciting. We're going to get the story behind the story. Who is that, that just... Oh, that's the... That's part of the W.I.N.Z. Post Office there on the way. Somebody's coming up here on a bicycle. Look at that. It's John Hinckley, Jr. and James R.O. Ray. I can't believe it. Along with Ted Bundy, baby. And Ted Bundy. Okay, that's our kind of crowd. They only got as far as the gate. They're still looking for Ryan. I need to go.
I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I
need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I need
going on this. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go too. I need to go. I need to go. I need to go. I have built in
look on your face like I'm going to say something dirty or something now all I'm saying is that what we'll do is we'll give them away
That's when Marlon gave him to a sport and give us
Candles to take home and do disgusting things with he gave us those candles to give away to some of the listeners
So what we'll do is I'll get him out. I think I got about a dozen of them during the commercial break and
We'll give him away to the first dozen people are coming and drive through art
Now see there's one good thing about being out here, and that is we're almost anonymous
We're in the middle of nowhere and there's a lot to be said for that
They're sure is and Neil just to follow up on that there is a car out at the gate
They're now getting out of the car. They now slam the door on the car
They could possibly come in they could be our first happy. Why are they why are they parking about 400 yards away?
Is there some reason for that and why are they slinking as they're approaching the parking lot?
Looks like they're afraid of the radiation from the transmitter
We'll get towards to the transmitter too if you come on out here
This could be Dan's big chance
He always wanted to do play by play
He can do the play by play of my being assassinated out here this morning probably get an 80 share the fascination of
Exactly, but was that some kind of a racial slur I think about our neighborhood?
Camp I can't believe that you said that okay
There is a car and they just took off and Stanley J Cohen just got out of the car. I can't believe it look at that
Stanley
He's hopping up toward the HM right now Mickey finally got him. She threatened to turn him into a frog Mickey Dane
And I think that she finally got to him and look at that the engineering staff is going out and feeding flies to Stanley now
Stanley of course never met a fly. He didn't like but that's another story is there somebody just hanging around the edge there
Is that just my imagination?
bunch of kids on a motorcycle and looks like a go-kart from here. Now you do remember the date
Is anybody here remember the day that some kids went or somebody went in the back here and shot a bullet hole through the kitchen window?
several times
Okay, now at our AM sales staff gee I would I would have helped him out on that one
But seriously if there's anybody wants to come by today
We'll show him right where the general managers window is and
Now we're only kidding come on and there I heard that that was disgusting
This is a joke out here and they're serious. They're really they're gunning for him today
I'll tell you for Gary and we're gonna go in a little later and talk to Gary Lawrence here comes somebody on it
Look at that. It's Jesus on a motorcycle. I can't believe it
Turned back. Oh, he turned back man. All these people are like chicken
They come up to the gate and it gets to a certain point and they turn around and they go back
What is it that they're looking for up here? I can't believe that we've got like I think that actually what's gonna happen is
We're being hijacked you folks don't realize it
But I think that we're gonna be taken for ransom these look like a mean surly bunch at the gate up there
Okay, what we're gonna do is we're gonna take a little break here
It's 22 past 11 at wins on the orange is we're broadcasting out in the front lawn
What?
same to you guys and
After we take our break I'm gonna run over and get our happy
Happy sperm you can't say that on a radio get our happy sperm candles and we'll come right back
So we have some degenerates in the front lawn here, but before that
Mike Wolf has an outside news bulletin
All right, and he'll we've just gotten worried that a jury in Broward County
It's found Michael Rivera guilty of the abduction and murder of 11 year old Stacy Jansvac and Broward last year
The jury deliberated for only an hour and a half before returning the verdict during the nearly two-week-old trial
The jury heard testimony from cellmates one of whom said Rivera talked about the crime
The other said Rivera admitted to the killing the defense had maintained the stories were jailhouse fantasies
Rivera already faces a life prison term and the abduction and near killing of another young girl in Broward
Your second bulletin in the morning by noon. I'll tell you that and
I don't know who some of these people are. We have some real strange looking people anybody want to come
We're giving the candles away only if you'll speak on the air
Okay, that's a requirement. Yes, are you out on work release today? Yes today only today
When they letting you go home for Easter John? Yes
Yes, but I find a way to president's gonna be coming by at noon. Well, they told me I have to see Gary Hart first
No, you have to see Gary Lawrence first. Okay. There you go. There's your happy sperm have a good time
Who the hell are all these people? What is going on here?
I've only got about a dozen sperm so many people inside gonna have to work on a few more. I'll tell you that
Okay, who would who's next in line here?
Yes, sir. Hello. Hello
Where are you what are you doing here? I mean you can sing you can do a little tapeth
You're on your way to work. What kind of hours do you work? I'm going to court. I work nights
But I gotta go to court. Well, you're going to court. Well, good luck to you sir when they put you inside
It'll come in very handy
Probably take this away from me probably yeah, there'd probably be a whole line waiting to take it away from good luck to you, sir
I can't believe that who is this guy here from a pure later career
We could put him on your do you notice he saw the microphone zip Oh man
He ran out of here like a bad out of hell. I can't believe that guy. Yes, sir
Don't be bashful. We have a little sperm for you to I can't believe this
I rest right over when I heard you had a shortage lately or what is no? No? No? No? I was on my way getting Easter food
I'm I'm foolishly get Easter food, you know, it's kind of different and
They said hey, I'm right by there. I might by there might as well drop in maybe give my band a plug
Which is then my band is stiff Richard
Stiff Richard
Is that like little Richard? No, no, that's like stiff as in you know, if it ain't stiff
Like I said like little Richard great, and where are you guys playing? Anyway, that'll pay us
Don't they have a word for them
We're cheap. Yeah, no that's prostitute. I think that's what that is
Well good luck to you, sir. I'm sure that'll come in handy. You can use that as your logo
Yeah, yeah, stiff Richard and a happy sperm that ought to be good
Yes, sir. Hi. How are you?
I can't wait for you. I already said big old stop. You heard we were giving away something free
Isn't that the real reason sir?
Definitely not question about it. That's the point if we were giving away sweet and low you would be stopping by wouldn't you?
Most likely
Use it in good help
Okay, okay, there goes our folks at work release they have the ball and chainback governments the nice tab you folks out and
A guy from pure later career is zippin by he doesn't want anything to do with this because he knows we would put him on the air
And look at that we're giving away wins mug's man. This is a high budget show today
Use them in good health and wash them off frequently please
You don't know you don't know who's used them inside already trust me
Look at that we got some oh that's good. Let's bring out all the paraphernalia here. Give some stuff away
Look at this truck looks like they came in from Davie. It says we kill for pay
I can't believe it. It does say we kill now that you mentioned it. No, no, this is just the
Now this isn't just the guy who does the spring inside right?
The yard's right the yard sprayer. So he's gonna spray the show
On other words, we got a smell and crap out here. No, he's not gonna do that to us. Whatty?
Okay, use them in good health pal
What happened to those people I wore over here did they take off? Did they steal something? Who the hell is this guy over here?
I can't believe that
Look at that outfit. He's got on today the blue shirt coat with the brown pants man. He looks about a sharp
Exactly are you gonna sell something today or just
I'm gonna talk but I got a four-hour important client lunch that I have by the way
I hope you go to Friday soon because I heard they're in a lot of trouble a Friday's is that was yesterday
I was a Friday's you see
This is Thursday Wednesday's I'm at Fridays and then Thursday's I'm normally at Sundays
So that's where I'm going right now, but on ghost and it will be Tuesday's Friday
Okay, there they all go audio's there goes a lady from sunrise men
This is now doesn't this beat the hell out of sitting in there with those morons on the phone
Sir does and we have the guy from we kill here who's here to kill the happy firms
Is he really did you come by for one of the candles or did you come by to kill it? It's free man
Listen to that. Okay. Is it something we can say on a year sir?
The time rich your dish bag good excellent excellent anybody who says that thank you
Oh, yeah, we got some pests that we'd like you to kill as a matter of fact by the way
What is this Marlon Bailey? Thank you. Thank you so much. Here's a guy from pure later career wants to sperm too
I don't believe it. Look at these people just
Farrowling in here. Who the hell is this guy? I look like Tom Schaefer almost
Marlon will bring all his sperms up here up tell Marlon if you're listening Marlon
That would be great Marlon's gonna bring all those sperms up here
Here's a guy who looks like he doesn't need any help
I'm in the business of preventing the spread of STD. I know
We've been working on it for you
Well, it's good to see you haven't seen you in a long time take care of yourself
Okay, our man from curulator who was on his way out of here
That's the what do you mean? What is it sir? It's a happy sperm candle
We're spreading life in good cheer all over South Florida with that
Happy sperm to you too sir. Good luck to you man look at this if you ever seen so many people all in one place
For these people all these people in trucks are coming in here looks like a pickup
It looks like a 7-eleven store
Have we got any bottles of pickled eggs inside man? We could we could attract a brown bag lunch crowd by noon here
That would put everybody to shame at Tom's thumb. Wait a minute. We don't have insurance for that
We don't have insurance for that these people are running into each other pretty good another pest control guy
Okay
I
Hello to America sir. Hey, what's happening out there America? I heard you got some thermites here
Thermites yet no in this office in here on the end
We got just a couple of termites here's a little happy sperm for you famous sperm
And if you stick around here long enough will make your sperm famous too. I gotta get going
I got some jobs around here for the good going goofing off. No, no, no, no
I got a communication job expectation
What oh please I used to live up there do it now trust me good luck to you sir. Okay. You need what?
This can't hurt okay wait a minute. I'll make a deal in fact if our sales manager. Did he just leave?
Yeah, okay, now here's a good idea because everybody in this business is always looking to drum up clients
Anybody who is in business who has a like a panel truck or a pickup truck who's got like an advertising thing on the side
We'll give him a plug
Well, you have to do his drive up here today like the guy from pure later career. What does he need right they have national spots
This is viscane air conditioning
Refrig they keep you cool refrigeration sale. Oh, they keep me cool
Don't start with me about the air conditioning and air you're gonna lose it honey
These are the people that are you serious?
No, that's okay. That's good. I thought the air conditioner broke. That's why you're outside it come over to check
She listens to the radio every day. I'm on they can't even air conditioning break the the mental state of the callers
Broke they broke down today. This was the cutting edge today
Wait a minute wait a minute make sure he's on Mike. Yeah
Well, I'm telling these engineers man. I'm telling you they are so picky make sure you're on Mike
What if this is just a little girl having this isn't on the air sure it is it is a cheap front lawn show
That's exactly what it is
Oh my god lead your ledger's to came I can't pull it now you know right you need to speak on FM
Now they won't let you speak on FM, but we'll let you speak
It's a beautiful day, and I do have my AM union card with me now have your AM he has his AM unit with him
He said I don't know what that means, but that'll bring Kathy West out here. Yeah, definitely in Glen Hill as well
Get him all that here today. Well, that would be great if Glen is listening now. They finally got the courage look at these guys
Look at those guys they look from that aren't they from that TV show? What is it?
I'm gonna show the facts of life different strokes exactly. I
Can't believe these guys
Live in the neighborhood come on bring him right up here
Now we don't want to give those we don't want to give them these things do we know cover those up
We don't want them to see those these are young kids will get accused of for wearing the neighborhood exactly
Come on guys. You want to be superstars. This is eight and 94.9
He's a by the way, that's a superstar over there that you just saw he's a non-talking this jockey
You guys live up the street here?
Yes, you live up the street
I'm 47. I need to go to school over here
Lake Stevens where's that?
Is that a little uh
I forget the act down
Right over there by what? Wait a minute. Leave your let's just throw your bike
See it. Hey there he goes man. I'm telling those FM people there he goes boy
Kathy would sure like to see that with his blonde hair just waving in a wind you never see him again
I'm exactly exactly we're on TV right now
I'm filled on you
Great say hi Oprah Winfrey
Are these do you know these guys?
Yeah around the point
Right up here and you probably can't what station you listen to on the radio you can probably only pick up W-I-N-Z
Yeah, you're listening to our music
FM oh get these guys out of here no that's okay
That's okay. Well look at that. Lee brought it back. It must be a lousy must be a lousy bike. I can't believe it
Anyway, Marlin what's that?
Uh drove down from Boka, Riton to see you took our sperms by the way
We've only got a couple of them left but Marlin Bailey's bringing a whole lot more. There's a little uh something
Do they allow those in Boka? Uh we try to sometimes on the weekends only only on a weekend
That's good. We don't want to overpopulate Boka
Excellent. And you have something you want to plug? Uh I work for Plain Air Electronics with a distributor for a state of Florida
G-E-S distributors right giving away any free radios today. Uh not today probably tomorrow if you're out here tomorrow
We'll be here again tomorrow 11 o'clock. Okay. Okay. Thank you. You bet
Okay, oh the last one I just invited them to come back. That would be tacky if we had given it away, wouldn't it?
Okay, now this is I just want the audience to know oh see there more cars driving in here
Wait a minute is that big daddy and at limousine again? If he brings stale kishki in here again
I'm just gonna have an nervous breakdown
Okay, there is the last one in this batch
But Marlon Bailey's bringing some I don't I want to lay guilt trip on you
You didn't get help but I'll tell you what thing
I tell you what thing if it gets hot and there again though you'll be hearing from me
My wife lets me know. Okay, but so far so good. It's like 20 below in there now. It's great
Okay, who is that is that somebody that works here is that Arlene Ross?
Who is that? Well, I need some help. Does anybody know? No, that's not Arlene
What's that? How we be okay? This is no cameras around. I don't know. It's the eye in the sky
Haven't you ever heard of the live eye on channel seven?
No, I have it either. That's good
That's great. We're on here in our studio at a son
This is just like live at five on the channel seven and here's a young lady who uh, how you doing?
Good where did you come?
Well, how did you find it come on keep you got to speak on micro Jimmy Elton's gonna get upset and scream at you
What what is that measuring tape you've got on there? Is that for something of scene that you're gonna do?
I'm a box sail
For a gay to talk oh boy
Boy you talk about restraint folks. Are you serious? You sell boxes?
Oh in Zillenoid
Well, who do you sell me just go up it down the street yelling is anybody need a box?
You need a box why?
Want to be so box-flexes anybody inside need a box?
Oh look at that all the women just came out of the building. I can't pull
I am I right am I making that up or is that good? That's the God's on us truth my hand to a Madeline Oh Hair
Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, she has sky boxes
She has sky boxes for Joe Robby. No doubt when you know I wish oh, we ought to give her a cap
We don't have any more the candles right now. We're gonna give you a winds cap just for being a good sport
Thank you, and if we need any boxes
Then you could sell boxes to have a biscuit air conditioning
I think I think some of their customers wind up in a box when the air goes out
But uh not really not off hand but if anybody stops by we'll give me your uh you want to give your number?
You want to give me your card that would be great. Yeah, we're giving free plugs for business. Thank you
That's a good looking card, isn't it? Red, white and blue. That's all American John Brown would be proud of that wouldn't they?
That's great. Oh in Zillenoid your Jane
Thank you Jane
You bet
Just got worried that Linda Thornton is listening so we want to say hello. I guess right? Well that means Joe Johnson must be listening to huh?
That's right good old gel. Are they awake yet? Oh, I shouldn't have said that should I?
I guess not
But I did well Linda how you doing this morning Linda? We're trying to break new ground here
We're always doing new ground and this could be part of a long standing phone out
Now who is this strange guy in the uh oh in the fatigues and the camouflage outfit
He looks like one of Taffy's guests
Could be or could be a you and football player. We don't know that could be a you and football player with a puppet like that come on now
Let's get serious. This guy's got a bigger
Ah yeah, that's true. He's on a mission. He's definitely on a mission. He's coming up with a right yet. He could be serious here
Well, what you'll have to do is either come back later or take a cap and do you say that?
No, wait a minute. This can't be all the stuff. We got left to give away. Yes
How about some equipment?
Oh wait a minute. Do we have some of that stuff?
What are you doing? Are you serious?
No, now those could be worth something someday. Can we give them away or would they get upset?
Why? Why would he get upset? We can't do anything with them. They're they're pass A
Well, that's the idea. We want to give them away because they're going to be collectors at him
Don't you understand Zeta license plates are legendary?
But neither was Zeta for years it went off the air honey. Don't you understand things come back things come back
Just like Carol Citi had died. We brought it back to life
Don't ask him tell him we have a chance to get a little recognition here for that FM for crying out loud that would be great
Those things could be it could be like baseball cards. They could be we have maybe a few of them on the cars here in the parking lot and
Maybe a few of the old Zeta 4
Not 94.0 even Bill Calder has one of those Zeta things on his car couldn't believe it the other day
I was at Bill's house when I was waiting for a big meeting last night and man. Okay. Thank you
Wait a minute. Are we giving away some of those?
You still haven't found out for these guys slow back here
Don't you see you're nervous go in there and tell them Neil wants to give him away
And we don't want to put a lot of pressure on you, but if we can't give away Neil's gonna leave. Okay. Nothing exciting
What were we saying before we got to rudely interrupted license plate the 90 i 95 light. I tell you one thing some of the guys
We've had come by here. I think they make license plates
If you asked me all the state hospitals right down the street
Florida state hospital it is
For the criminal. Oh come on. Oh, you think I would give these away to somebody. What are the what is this?
Are we on welfare and here or what? Oh, you know those aren't those are 94 news wins the podatory. Oh, yeah
That's right. These are the wins the podatories. I can't believe it
These are the only suppositories in the world that double is a ballpoint pen
And if you really are acrobatic what you can do is you can use them and write a message at the same time
It's incredible. I'm serious. I'm serious
Or it could be one of those we put some little numbers on and I've heard these people have drove up in a pickup truck
Look at that. They look friendly, but man at shotgun. He's got
Looks real. You know what I'm saying? He wants to pretend that it's like a prop
But it looks very real to me anyway
It's 17 before noon at w.i.nz
And we're broadcasting on the front lawn. This is uh, not so live in the morning
How you doing?
If you come by for something free is that what brought you by or do you really come by to say hello
Can buy to say hello and see if you have something free, you know both
But not necessarily in that order
Well, I'll tell you what how about a 94 news wins cap
Which is you know, I'm not exciting, but it's is that what I'm wearing? I don't even know what this is. This a IOD honor something
IUD
It does really oh gee
Well, that's it. Where did you folks?
A self-lovercated sperm bank oh a sperm candle she wanted the sperm bank. Okay. Well, that tells us a lot about your marriage
Good luck to you folks. Okay, great. Okay, I think things have kind of calmed down
But when oh now we're talking you know the crowd we're gonna get out here now. Don't you?
We got one the mug
Boy, we got one the mug
Man, I'm telling you how many of these are we got?
One two three four got about a half a dozen nine
That's great. So don't you can't you know give up folks once you get out here
We'll give away anything to people do anything to bring people out here the fact that people are coming out here
Though is miraculous. I mean if we were like IUD there on a 79th street causeway
It'll be no problem because they have you know traffic going by and there'd be five or ten people listening
But to get people to come out here look at this here comes another truck an ominous looking vehicle
Of the 47th Avenue cause winners another one behind it. We have a caravan
O federal Express
That's probably the book
Well, once once the book comes in and we're all gonna have to hit the road
What does this one say it says modern electronics ink moody electronics ink in Miami 891
1374
Is there some special message what the clock it's like Linda Blair why did the clock just turn itself out
By itself. Oh, that's good. Okay. Let's take our last break here Kyle and then we'll come back because I think federal Express is bringing in our pink slip
It's 1145 and wins
But a stuff that we're giving away. How this one is Lee Fowler. Do you ever say anything so foul looking in your life?
Unbelievable goofy now. That's pretty cute. Isn't it how many of those are we got?
About a half a dozen and it's great. Okay. I'll tell you what all of these people
Well, wait a minute some of these people work here
Even the people at work here are looking for the free. You know that they just stay in here these people from the FM
What are we getting now? Okay? No seriously? We have incredible stuff here
We even have one thing here this lorry-out stuff that makes hair grow on your
somewhere, yeah, right?
What you did you spray that right over the over the suppository
That's right that area right there and that'll let bro hair really fantastic for those of the folks
I can't look at this
For all of these people
This is the whole win staff out here today. I can't believe it
Okay, this gentleman looks like he would be a good candidate for one of these goofy lilies
Is that and looks right up your alley sir
Thanks very much. Where did you come from today? I was at Parkway Hospital. I'm a pharmaceutical salesman and then I
Well, you're one of those pill pushers
Exactly you got it not any good stuff when I was trying to get some happy sperm
But I understand I missed that on out other some folks here would like to help you out here
Some of the FM folks, but you know that they got a great sense of humor exactly no problem
Maybe I can help them out
Yeah, with the pills I'm not touching that line. Okay. Good luck to you sir
Okay, we're not touching any of that line about drugs in FM because we all know it's true
Anyway, we got some old i95 t-shirts and we got some hair stuff and some mong and uh
One of these notepads w-i-n-z notepads. How come the employees never get the good stuff?
Have you ever seen one of these? I've seen him on desk, but they never give it
Never got a pad three years here, and I never got a pad. Who is this degenerate?
Boy, you can always tell her real degenerates the way they drive in his license. Does he work here? Oh, it's clawed pepper
I can't are you going caught?
Well, Pupil wants one of these flies this today
Now don't make fun of claw man. I'll tell you he'll vote us right out of existence here in Carroll City
Airborne express just drove in here. They've got a little package. It's ticking
Look at all of these trucks and campers man
If we don't have some cores out here and a couple of pickled eggs by noon
We're gonna put ourselves to shame we have cores hat and license plates and one the mug
Here for all those lovely people. I'll tell you one thing. We ought to be able to no wait a minute
This guy doesn't even know what's going on here does he's are you delivering something here?
Ah, yeah, I'll sign for it
What is it?
A record great is it for the FM?
Well, sure ain't for the AM. Oh, Carroll City. Wait a minute. What does it say it says?
Norcross Brian Norcross sent this. Can you believe that?
Brian Norcross and Michele sent this in and it is ticking. You're right
Okay, well, also, where do I sign for this? Oh
On there. Okay, good. I'll sign anything as long as it's not a check
Do we get to open it up? Yeah, well, that's your idea
I'm supposed to print that okay
Okay, thank you. Want anything to America?
Where born? Thank you. You're good guys over there. We know you never brought us anything that was ticking yet
Okay, never stole a freight train. Where did you hear that? Dan. Dan is now using my material
Dan is but you want to hold that because I'm not strong enough to pull that open with one finger
There's probably one of those underground albums that we're playing on the FM
Oh
I look at this see look at this it's Frank Zappa
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. It's Tom Petty in a heartbreakers
But does it feel a little broken D-Rulike maybe like in the corners?
No
It feels pretty broken to me
It's the brand new Tom Petty album. We're gonna give these away. No, we're not
No, we're not a player. I know. Well, how many can you play? There's one
Can we give this one away? Thank you boy. These guys on the FM man
They're desperate aren't they don't give us anything Jeff Chase want to say hello
We're your larger than life. Thanks a lot
At least we can speak you know that's something what about the budget here outdoor studio?
Exactly well that's because we can't afford to pay the electric on the inside
Now who is this guy now here is a very interesting looking guy
Looks like it looks like Ernie's guest from Saturday. That's right. He's walking on air
What what kind of glasses what is that thing he's wearing on his ears there?
What I heard those kind of Martian-looking loops on it guys. Am I serious?
I'm out of hand in its pocket and he's he's feeling the change too. He's coming up here. I can't believe this guy
Well, he sure don't want Tom Petty in the heartbreakers. I'll tell you that
No
Lorise busy giving up boy. This is better than our meeting last night. Look at this. We got a whole line of people here now. Is this great?
This is more people and we this is almost as many people as we have working on the inside
Unbelievable. What else have we got that we're gonna give away here? We got these pads and pens
We got the goofy dolls
Chorus camps and I was starting to look at this. What does this say to talk of the town?
The movie
Well, what does that have to do with i95? It must be on the back. What does it say on the back?
Boy now listen. I'm serious. These could be worth something someday. I'm very serious
Kids don't do what at home what we're doing now. Well, we don't want to tell them what we're doing now
Look at that. It just says i95 FM on the back. I'm telling you these are gonna be worth something someday
What about it? Oh, okay. See why don't you Indian give us any FM
Say come up here and say it to America sir don't stand like a coward hundred yards away
Alice made a nest doing walk about you today. Yeah on the video. What was it? He said now he's really showing
He's a cow. He's out on the lawn amazing
Now how does Alice know where we are? You see the some spy called them
Yeah, some spy called them actually they have the show on in the control room so Alice can see it
Steel a material while we're on the air
Why don't we do like the fash is Mike is sitting on seven phone books this morning
What's that?
Who said that?
Alice. Oh Alice said that? Oh
From a hundred miles away
And the truck is open sandy is in the trunk look at that sandy. I can't believe it
W. I. Z has located sandy patent in the trunk of Marlon Bailey's Pimp mobile. I can't believe it
Is that incredible or what? And here come the happy sperm five incredibly attractive young ladies are bringing bags full
Of happy sperms to the winds law and man Alice eat your heart out
You
Want some sperms did you hear that boy this could get pretty interesting now right in the south Florida sunshine
Right out here in the spotlight the sperms are flying free on the W. I. Z. Lawn
I don't believe this. This is incredible. I don't give them all away because if you get them all away here
Then I'll have nothing left to hold back
You know what I'm saying? No, I'm not giving mine away
Believe me that would the wouldn't last 30 seconds
What do you got there? Oh, you got a whole bag full of
great
Did everybody get their sperm?
Why is she giving me one like I'm a visitor here. Did you notice that?
You're supposed to style this thing here too. I don't know what about what is this a release Marlon
What is this are you on work release? We got them downtown still too. It's actually how come you haven't got arrested yet? Huh?
I know all the judges. Oh, you know all the judges probably bribing them with happy sperm too
I know one judge down here's got unhappy sperm, but that's another story. Sure. Okay
And look at that there's near Roger showed up here today. I can't believe it
I can't believe it Neil. It's certainly nice to see you here today
No, no, we don't want to bring too much attention to we want to keep it nice and low profile like this
We're giving away everything. We're giving away the general managers clothing
How many of them we got here?
What do you mean there'll be 500? I lose 500. You mean downtown?
Downtown over here? How many have we got here? You notice how he just equivocates all over a couple hundred? A couple of hundred?
Yeah
Well, where are they Marlon? I see like we got six of them right so far
They're making them as fast as they oh, I say okay
Okay, I see ten. Let's see about it doesn't one that's a thank-for-one. Is he exaggerator what you know?
Flally
Exactly now seriously we're gonna have a big we're gonna have a big crowd here by two o'clock
I think we ought to give Marlon something no chew he's been so nice to us. I think oh yeah
Look at that. Is that great? I'm gonna go by collecting a lady. Seriously wouldn't you like that? I mean I'm gonna take one of those home
Looking at like no no Marlon, please don't do anything obscene with that thing will you please?
Okay, listen we're out of time to saw her. I can't believe another hour has gone by and the winds long
We got a great proud of the generates here. They're all on a work release and
The name by here no John Hinkley. He'll be coming by a little bit later
Mike Mike Wolf has got those headlines CBS has the news at noon and we'll come back at about ten after the hour
And we're gonna have a massive proud here and the brown baggers will be here for lunch
Seven and Howard or six two four oh one nine one in day and now here again is neo-ruggers
Okay, premise where our sheets stop by and he's doing a little barbecue and during the new hour out here
I can't believe that we have a great crowd around the lawn in front of the W I and C commissary and
The given away all kinds of stuff to anybody and everybody who wants to come by eat your heart out Alice
And we've got happy sperms that we're giving out. We've also got these incredible goofy Louis dials by the way save one of those for me
We're the place I like to get something out of this and
Who is this guy now? We had the guy with a coffee truck out here, but we have had nobody with food
Now can you imagine seriously? Can you imagine we're giving away wonder mugs and all this other foolishness?
But can you imagine if we could get some oh you wanted to give a plug and
I didn't know rotor rudder and hi alia 888-58-3-6 that sounds obscene. I don't know what that is, but
Okay, we also have a little voodoo dollar taffy here
Anybody like to stick a couple of pins in the taffy McCallum voodoo down?
I were ever wanted to stick a couple of pins in here and
Maybe the brick oven pizza rear that's not too far away or somebody in the area one of our sponsors
I know it's getting a little late. It's like 11 after noon
But I'm sure that they could be here by like one o'clock and whip up a whole batch of
Of what do you laugh about
Marlon Bayley the following what happened and he just inhale a happy sperm what happened to Marlon
I haven't seen him so animated since I know the guy what just happened to him
No, I'm serious. They could bring up a whole batch of lunch for the people out here
Either that or one of the convenient stores could deliver a couple of jars with the ambionic fluid out here
Wouldn't that be good with a happy sperm or we could have two of those big jars of the pickled eggs?
And the sausages
Boy that would put it that would put it rich on a diet for a long time. I'll tell you that
Look at that. We got
Joe Thysman just came in here man. He's not looking too good these days. Joe tell you a little an an activity
Yeah, he is limping a little bit
He is limp. You're you're right about that
Faith now they just gave him a happy sperm
Exactly well Joe will be back in those spots again before you know
We got old i95 t-shirts, which are gonna be worth something one of these days
In fact, hopefully i95 might be worth something
Well soon one of these days, but that's another story and we just had an incredible crowd now
Who is this guy who looks like a mafia he looks like a mafia hitman Tony Orlando?
Where's Dawn?
Tony Orlando without dawn that's right. He's dressed in I guess
Olive green pants and a yellow shirt with a bag for all those viewing listeners
For all those who are watching inside your little speakers
See this is better the people these are all the people who didn't have the mobile phones who couldn't call this morning
They just drove out here instead
What is this?
Isn't that great they're sending over a lunch from the diva restaurant they're sending food over here
Why we'll never get rid of this crowd now will we?
Oh
Kathy oh, I can't believe it look at that mic Miller just came in here too. He heard lunch was free today
Poor mic, man. He just is having an identity crisis over there. He can't control himself. By the way
Marlon oh there he goes Marlon had some good mic Miller stories
But he chickened out and the guys from the FM were gonna tell us some David Cassidy stories too, but they
They ran back in there with that Tom Petty album now. Who is this guy with the bag?
Boy there's something there's something ticking in that bag
Stripe shirt and white pants with white shoes
There's the beef stew that we threw out yesterday incredible chef boy already you know what happened to him?
That's good. Okay, I can't drink any of these but some of our degenerates can't pass them out
Pass those out
Jerry who?
Williams and Jerry Williams. Oh, not very yeah
Which which him and some lady who's about 85 she was saying uh with Shirley Peters? No, not surely
They're older than Shirley, but they were really tearing you up, you know, making fruit jokes and stuff like that
Great was Allison and I broke two or one. No, Allison's been taking on you yesterday. She's taking on you today. Oh good
That's good. Allison jealous because they don't have a lawn over there on 441
Now that's a good idea when Fowler comes on today. Maybe he can do the show in traffic on 441
Stand right in the middle of street. It'd be like how and now exactly boy that would be good for Lee
Could take a poll is the traffic. Hey, thanks guys. That's part of the
Miami Stadium crew the new Dolphin Stadium just came over here. They're goofing off
That's why the stadium won't be ready in time for the first game
So don't blame Joe Robby folks. It's gonna be the crew that came over here for the freebies. No, that stadium looks great
Everybody does every time I go buy an attorney pipe. I see the stadium
It looks great and I wish for Calder to be back open again
Here's Florida fire and rescue just came by because they heard that we're giving away the wonder mugs
And they know that the crowd from winmores gonna be coming down from coconut creek any minute
We're gonna close the gate and watch them jump off in by the way for the rest of the folks who come by valley parking only
At the by order of Gary Lawrence Gary said we might as well make a money while the sun shines
There they go there are these troops on their way back to the stadium
What happened is the neighbors are gonna start selling parking spaces like down at the hospital exactly
Might away and get some close spots for about 10 bucks
Right up close on 47th out and look at this caravan. What the hell is this?
This must because they heard the food was coming
I can't believe this we're being inundated
You
Turn your headlight
Turn everybody is coming out here to the station turn on your headlights
Would you please and then we got actually we got a guy in a back who was washing the cars
10 bucks to charge the battery and he's also filling him up with our w iz gas pump in the back exactly
Which is not bad. It's only 250 a gallon back there
I noticed that management you're cleared out now you ps is coming in. I was he really delivering or is he here to be a star
You don't know
Sea coast and terriers
Boy are we desperate we're gonna be pulling up the carpeting into plants in the atrium next to give away
But we're i'm telling everybody who comes out here will give them something right that's an idea
Somebody said let's give away the old i and z van that's a real good idea think anybody would take it
Probably io d would take it somebody that owns a paint shop would really be interested scrape off all the paint
Okay, there he goes does he what?
Okay, I'm a free service this year for w i and z on the fire equipment service great
Okay, we'll give you a little plug you want to do it
Where was that yeah, my name is Steve Delicia. I represent myself log of fire and safety if you need any fire equipment service
Please call two seven one three three four one. Thank you
Two seven one three three four one four to fire and safety supply
Which is like extinguishers and all that good stuff excellent
They need one over there at io d. I know that okay now who these two really
Interesting looking guys who just came uh, I don't think they what did they do walk in all away from my enemy
Ralph bevy's half century club what is that all about what is that
Not for you
This guy is 50 no, I didn't think so who's 50
Who's 50
Who the hell is Ralph bevy
You
Is this guy unbelievable or what like everybody knows Ralph bevy I know Ralph levy
But I don't know Ralph bevy we have a bevy of folks out here. I'll say that much for we just got a whole crowd out here
This is the whole audience it like what 20 people at least 20 25 there have to be something with these happy sperm candles
Everybody seems to be smiling after they touch him
So uh, we'll give you complete details as they happen
By the way, how come the TV stations aren't here today is anybody else do their what
They're downtown with the sperms I doubt that I sure doubt that now who is this guy
Halt dogs into the mustard I heard that so I help yourself. Thank you. I well, what what do you do
What do you do you distribute this stuff? I'm at salesman for our defraigest. I was in the neighborhood
So sad you needed some food there's the muscle when you hop the
Thank you sir. That's great. Now we need his apprentice Rajee to bring out the hot dogs will be all set. Thank you
Is it as good that we could have a hell of a hall here before the day is out
This is the w. I. N. Z picnic who the hell is Ralph bevy
in a large
Now they're asking now they're asking for sizes too
By the way, if you're tuning in and wondering what the hell is we're doing here today
There are a lot of us now. This is a medium. We got a large
Yeah, we have some size people out here. I'm gonna say something here's a large here you go
Oh, please sir. It's a family show
Oh, please put it on fast
What are we gonna in other words? This is so important to you. You're giving it away
Okay, well put that right together with a micronary t-shirt. Would you please?
Well, we're gonna go away with a real hall here
A small for your wife
This is the w. I. N. Z flea market of the air yeah medium middle shrink that's a good story if you believe that sir
You'll believe anything listen. It's a low-budget show. You'll take what we can give you okay
Boy all of a sudden it feels like there's pressure building here doesn't it like there's something exciting going to happen
Like maybe a fire bomb or something you could happen you never know
It's how far to Jake the snake. I look like Jake the snake come on over here
That is Jake Scott. I can't believe it
How you doing lucky number hey, it was the last guy wore 13 before marino. Wasn't he?
Now you got the wrong prison
Are these I'm telling you this dolphin guy. Oh, you work for Southern Belle get him out of here
Sonny Rosenberg is here. I can't believe it. What do you do for Southern Belle? I do inside wiring
I work I've listened to your show over at the office and I'm on my lunch hour. What are you? Do you pick up our show on the wiring?
No, no, no, I have a headset and I listen to it and do wiring for other people. Oh that explains it
So the folks out there get their wiring crossed up. You'll know why
No, not him. I've wired a few for Ellis Rubin. Yes
Martinez
Oh good that explains it. Is this really Sonny Rosenberg's brother out here? I can't believe it now. He looks much too much too
What's that?
Good. Where did you come from sir?
From Carroll City came from a long way. Oh look at this the mafia hitman just arrived here
Oh now this if this is who I think it is
Is it who I think it is? Oh boy. Well, listen folks. We have a little break to do here
It's look at that
A bunch of real winners from Southern Belle
Well, these are the guys that came to fix the phone system inside good. Well, we've been waiting about three years since I came here
What do you got there are those Easter eggs?
Oh look at that. Here's a guy from Southern Belle with two yellow balls
Great. There's a leftover from the first day
Are you cereal
Look at that by the way, we could have a little satyr out here today when the stuff comes from brick oven pizza
That's right. We can be George. It's gonna be on mods. It's on 11 pizzas coming out here
These people can be the Russians will be George. So those are green by the way
I guess that's some significance to those look green to you
We're asking for lime lime yeah
Guy from Southern Belle brought us two line balls and
Uh boy wait till Kathy West comes out here man. She's gonna go nuts
They are boy no wonder Kathy has that effervescent personality. I can't believe it
And in return we look at that they got wonder mugs and happy sperms many guys got more than they bargained for too
To Birmingham well, you have to have a passport to bring that into Birmingham
You understand that a visa or a master card one of the other
Okay, and we got any
What have you got here man?
One of our thank you. What is this?
That's the coffee Stein that must be Larry Stein's brother-in-law
This is one of the products we sell it for consultation
Well listen ma'am
Are you serious it's for constipation? Where do you put it?
Look at that man
Can you read that? Silly am hydrophilic musaloid? I don't think we can say that on the air
No read row
It looks like I think that's what you used to catch it in or something. I don't know what that is
I mean, you try to fill it to measure it to you
Okay, well, thank you. That was really more than I bargained for for sure. I'll tell you that
By the minute they're coming now. This is probably good to inspire a lot of real freeloaders to come in
but uh
We have we have a crowd of winds employees on a way to the brick-covered pizza rhea and food
Food will be on the way in a little while in just a few minutes
Now you watch the freeloaders come burrowling in here man. I be here from Kendall. I'll be here from sunrise
Even from halloween day. I'll be coming in
Do we have those boxes of sweet and low or did they take we do all man bring those out here?
Somebody's got to bring those out
Because all of these people seem to be under the age of 100 so far. Have you noticed that?
We don't have any proves here yet. Everybody seems to be under the age of 100
And just now camper pulled up. I think that's uh oh
That's one of the people who works here look up far away. He had a part
That's good. Chris needs the exercise anyway. I can't believe this
So anyway, and there goes the rest of the phone company if there any folks in the audience by the way waiting for the repairman forget it
Because they're all and the cable man is also out here
So I would probably wait till tomorrow
But brick-covering is going to be sending some food over and devise going to send some food then not a really be good huh
How come rich didn't bring any food here?
Well, Neil I was out at face side signing Neil Roger's autographs and
The only thing that people have been asking me for eight by ten glossies
But the only one I have of you is the eight by ten glossy of you blowing up a balloon in the Chattanooga police station
so
You are in Tennessee right now. Oh, yeah, not in Chattanooga though in Nashville
You know how they practice breath control in Tennessee don't you know? New to D
Oh
Oh
Are we in delay no chance
Well, that's all right. We got the guy from the FCC on tomorrow. We'll ask we'll ask him if any of this stuff was objectionable
Okay, again when you drive in here turn your headlights on because we got a couple of guys in the bank who are
Charging ten bucks to charge your battery on a way out
There's a traffic jam coming up from the south on the way here. No, come on traffic jam
Anyway, uh, we had some of our geniuses inside. I suggest that we give directions
We don't want to do that because it's already like 1230
Exactly we don't want you to find a place we like to remain anonymous
You know what we ought to do we ought to give him directions to to W snooze
Is that a good idea?
Do you know?
2
So we're out of the bank 243. Yeah, just look for a place with a lot of satellite dishes
And this guy's an expert on renery on W snooze. Where do you work?
for glow
The globe I thought you said for WGL. Oh, I thought that was that religious station
Boy, you came to the wrong place. I'll tell you that
I wonder these guys doing out here
What are we doing having a band? Are we doing a roster band out here with Richard Taylor?
What are these guys doing out here many engineers are crawling around on the ground?
I can't believe it. They're putting on a show that I haven't even seen
Ha ha ha
Zadie 94 is back there
Yeah, we're gonna put the FM on see if we can't put everybody to sleep when lunch gets here
So we'll have something left over
Is that I guess that's it huh? This is it
This could be the end. Yeah, I think we find me a reach star peak
Oh wait a minute. We just have holy cow
Whoo
The federal communications commission gave notice to broadcasters today that it will expand its definition of obscenity
Beyond the traditional seven dirty words
In a major policy decision today the FCC said it will increasingly enforce
It's prohibition on indecent and offensive material
Oh
Looks like we're not gonna have a lot of bunch of douchebags, huh?
You believe that the cop up boy. Oh boy. Are they in for a surprise tomorrow when I have this old fart on the air
I'm telling you we got the guy from the FCC on tomorrow at 10 o'clock
And am I gonna give him what for I'm gonna I'm gonna ask him you know what I want him to define all of the words on the air that we can't say
Is there anything wrong with that in other words if we can't say him
He's gotta tell us which one now the guy with a fishing pole here. What the hell is that all about?
What a u-fishing for?
Ron Harrison. Where did he steal it?
Man at Harrison. He's in the fishing tackle business. He's our final locations and we're sitting with someone
Please don't disturb us. We could have a bullet in here more from the FCC
Howard Cern
What Edward Mark Cune upset
Okay, leaving off with offensive and don't you love the way they do this
XXX offensive material. I think there's something symbolic about that. Don't you
Once public once published in the federal register the decision will apply to once published to another words
It hasn't been published yet
We can still do anything you like outside of those seven words the decision will apply to radio and TV stations
Officials said violators will be subject to fines and loss
Lights and theory larynx between great
What is this man doing over here the whole show is just for two lousy towels. They've lost the whole audience
What is that tell you man if it's for free
Forget it
Of let me say it again official said violators would be subject to fines and loss of licenses are they listing inside?
The decision is expected to be at least as famous as the 1975
Pacifica ruling it responds to a series of complaints
Against radio stations including WISP FM in Philadelphia and the non-commercial stations KCSB FM in Santa Barbara, California
That's a biggie and KPFK
Whoo FM in Los Angeles
Most of the complaint centered around New York City radio personality Howard Stern
Host of a morning show carried on WISP and a play
Jerker broadcast in August 1986 over KPFA owned by the Pacifica Foundation
In three separate unanimous votes today the commission said it will send warning letters to the stations in question
In the future all broadcasters will be held to stricter standards
FCC commissioner Dennis Patrick who's expected to take over his chairman of the agency next week said
What we are doing here today is to correct an altogether two narrow interpretation of decency
FCC general counsel Diane Kilroy or Kiljoy said the agency will now enforce the prohibition on
Indicent and obscene transmissions in a broader fashion
It includes robin what's your name along the lines of its original
Quivers along the lines of its original Pacifica decision stations will be barred from using patently offensive material
Not just the seven dirty words. Well, what the hell is patently offensive?
Exactly I use a lot of words that aren't patented like douchebag
The US Supreme Court upheld the Pacifica case in 1978 ruling that the FCC could curb obscene and profane language
Kilroy said the change in policy is warranted because there's no way to restrict children from hearing such broadcast
For that's always the good excuse in it
Several commissioners said the policy will not chill free speech because obscene speech is not protected by the first amendment
They said the new policy is consistent with first amendment rights afforded to the print media
Well, wait a minute does that mean that we can say anything on the air that we see written print
Anybody got the village voice after right everything that has anybody got the village voice in here or mother Jones
What's that?
Who does
Yeah, yeah, well, that's what I'm that's what I'm going to ask the guy to do on the ear tomorrow
Tell us the words that we can't say on the ear
Yeah, if he didn't
If he doesn't want to tell us how the hell do we know what they are?
It's a good point
Exactly you ought to hear these little kids like this little guy down here man you ought to hear what he just said right a little while ago to his mom
I couldn't believe it was on but even my ears were burning it was unreal
Now the bad part about this is there's just a little this is great by the way the food from diva I said it again
It's sensational diva diva
You got a map maker here
What is this sir is this for the people is this for the people who are lost and don't know how to get home maps of
Hallondale maps of kowals City
What's all people had to get here?
Great
I have to come over with my wingman to make the map of kowals City but we've made one
Would you do swim to English channel to get here?
All right, well, that's good. So for everybody wait a minute for everybody who is lost now doesn't know how to get here to win
Stop by and pick up one of these maps
Am I right? Hey, that's the only way you're going to get here stop by and pick up a map and we'll show you how to get here
Oh, that's good. Here's a picture of sandy. We wondered where she was
Whoo. Who gave that to me? Who is this guy?
Speaks or speak to me
You haven't returned any of my telephone calls. We want to interview you
Why?
I
Anybody that brings me a profile of sandy patent. I'm going to return to guys calls right
Where is sandy? By the way, do you know do you have the answer to the question? She's in the trunk of the van
Okay, okay ladies and gentlemen if the van that's driving around south Florida with sandy patent in the trunk
Will please come by the W Y and Z parking lot? We could have a wind news exclusive for you here
It comes right now as a matter of fact
Very slowly into the winds parking lot microneery is driving
Mike Miller is getting signatures for his petitions out there that a boy Mike. Who is that? Is that somebody who works here?
Is that sunny hush?
Who is that guy? He's wearing a red shirt with matching sunglasses and driving a red car with red socks
Who is that masked man anyway?
Just back in the parking spot diagonal
Lousy job of parking pal. I mean, I'm sure you're a great guy
The guy from the FM doing we just wanted to mention that in passing right and you wanted to give another free plug because you're
Yeah, well, I'm trying to get the business and I'm going over to her goes on a sterling road
We're looking for their burko's easy a they're gonna come on the air they got to hit a light fill around here
You know, but we'd like to give her goes and thanks diva once again. That's diva diva on brickel just off of brickel on chloro
That was incredible the feda chini was obscene really was pretty salad. They brought a cob salad by which I don't think you got too much of and the
The hot and spicy chicken that was pretty hot. Yeah. Well listen. That's that's diva and her goes diva and her goes. Thank you boy
Absolutely no shame. You know is it no shame at all. Okay, now I don't want the
Trinkets another rectal thermometer. I can't believe it
Oh, this is the drug pusher here again look at the wait a minute wait till the people here see what he's passing up
Hi, miss valium
Look at this man the FM with the hash out if they saw this look what the guys give it out. Oh, we just dropped our needle
I can't believe it. Are you really are you a pusher? Of course absolutely
You also brought you some money. I tell you what are you better not be here when taffy shows up
I'll be long gone. This is for all the early bird people giving some extra dollars to spend great
You know Russian these are discounts for more pills and what what was the other thing?
You know the game for you to play why you going through your mail? Oh my god. Oh yeah drop the pill in the slot
That's a good one. That's one of my favorite games
And time release valium
I look at that with a close pin with a close pin
There he goes that's a neighborhood pusher folks here in carol city. I can't believe this guy
No wonder he's no wonder he's dressed so well right look at the guy there's a little cut and picker
Let's give it a look at that. This is what it is is a razor blade. I can't believe it
This is one of Jim Kelly left behind. That's incredible
Look at the size of those pills these are these these are the drop in tablets that he hands out
Unbelievable now listen. I know it's been disgusting because we've been I've been sitting here eating and that's not the way it was supposed to be
But trust me are they not back yet?
From the pizza real well, that's because they're ordering they're bringing loads of food believe me they're bringing tons of food
One for Dan and one for me
Willie Nelson is here. Willie how you doing?
I can't believe it Willie
House for me going Willie it's great to see you
Boss sent me over put your teeth in Willie come on
My boss sent me over
For what to say who's my boss who is your boss Willie card pepper
Well, that answers the question about the teeth
I've one of the many
Guy that he's hired to help spend that campaign fund of 1.2 million good and obviously you're out having a good time
You buy that t-shirt with a little of it
Dr. Jam
Jam for
Yeah great
Jam for you he's also has a rambo book so that the reason I stop by you want me to find out when your next remote is gonna be in
Haundale Beach because we're gonna combine
Carnes over you great
Okay, we'll look for you pal get him out of here
Okay, who is
Whatever happy to y'all with the event with sandy patent locked in it
I'm still in the bag and now y'all and then sandy are together in the van in the back that ought to be interesting
Okay, now the food is on away from brick oven. It's gonna be real interesting to see how this proud
Well, I keep saying that and then at two o'clock. I'm getting the hell out of here
But it's gonna be real interesting to see the way we manage the crowd at two o'clock
It's gonna be a frenzy is this gonna be like the hallmark all over again
That's right and we're gonna keep the food warm by putting it after the transmitter
Exactly we're gonna put it on the final tubes. We're putting out about six watts today, right? That's right. What is your story?
Well, I'll tell you
Go inside and Arlene Ross will tell you the shillex she'll explain it to you boy
I'm telling you these interns man. They are totally lost. He's holding the happy sperm. What is this?
Boy, it's just
I'm telling you you think this is an easy business man
Yes, ma'am I've been listening to you for a year and a half and it's obviously affected
curious
I had to meet you. I drove all the way from Hollywood from a Hollywood
And I work for you use the Santa Monica freeway
No, 441 and you are terrific you make me laugh sometimes you make me mad
But that's how it goes. Thank you. Did you get something did we give you? Oh come on all the way from a Hollywood
Give her a sperm somebody will you please?
Great I work for Toyota of Hollywood. I want to give him a little plug and
For those Japanese cars. All right for Hollywood. Okay
That's it. I rather have her plug Hollywood than those Japanese cars
We should mention that all of our happy sperm candles are autographed by Mary Jo White
Mary Beth
Oh down 764 0707 in Brawler or 624 0191 in date and now here again is Neil Rogers
Okay, we have a real crowd on hand out here today
What a card I wish we had TV for this can everybody see this
Man, I'll tell you Taffy McCallum never looked better
And it's a picture. Oh, I can't even have you ever seen anything like that she looks like that Russian. She's one of the KGB spies
And she's holding a big douchebag over the waist basket with a sour look on her face and it says with friends like you
And you open it up who needs animals
Whoo look at that
That's incredible. We have more on the FCC Tom jicke from the Ryan news just called for my reaction
And I said you can tell him that I think the FCC is full of s h and whatever else the news will print on the rest of that word
At dot dot I think it's gonna be s dot dot because the news is very nervous about those things
Yeah, Howard Kleinberg. It's real nervous at pay sauce time
But anyway, we have maps of all the celebrities and brown. We've also got some we've saved the good stuff for the last hour
We figured anybody who would stick around long enough for the last hour
This card by the way, it's really good. I'm gonna say that for uh can't be west
And uh how are we gonna give these away because everybody's gonna be now is there
has one of these
Okay, so I've got one of the black cases is disqualified for these okay
But how about the rest of me got like how many of those?
swatch watches what are they saying? Do they say w-i-n-z?
They say lori-n-l
Okay, well listen whoever takes all their whoever takes all their clothes off
No, not this crowd. We don't want anybody taking her. No, no sir. Please
This is a family show. I got one yesterday
Boy, and if I showed it here it would be all over try you huh?
No, no, no, we don't want that either not after the ruling
Well, is there anybody right here? Wait a minute
What is this thing? This is really spring house cleaning at w-i-n-z
We had a lot of junk inside that we've been desperate to get rid of speaking of that. There's Don Merrito just
Can you come back?
And Don is wondering what the hell is going on here today? What is going on?
Sorting haircut by the way. Was he really oh that Merrito is ready for the broadcast tomorrow night? He's got a new haircut
Boys got that Bob Greacy look today. I'm telling you Merrito is unbelievable
Now what is this this looks like a diaphragm. I can't believe it
Wait a minute am I right? Is that is that beginning to look?
Oh, wait a minute. These are the big apple. What do you do with these?
Where do you stick these Dan on your visors? You stick it on your visor?
Well, how many people here are from New York?
Okay, well listen how many uh New York things that we got how many uh oh we got a lot of these don't we?
Okay, give it to the young lady behind you from New York
New York not El Mira you're from El Mira, New York
No
Oh, that's okay then
Nothing
Here's one that says no smoking well wait a minute. These all say the same thing on them
I beg your pardon the pizza's just now wait a minute
Now you see all of a sudden they're gonna forget about me altogether. You know this proud. I'm telling you
Oh, this is just a no smoking thing
Who would like this now they don't want this
What was that you just threw?
Oh here comes Wendy with a pizza. I can't believe it
Seven
More common man you guys are great great who wants the no smoking we got any fanatic not you'll take anything I know that
The big meal oh my god it weighs about 400 pounds
Pretty good. Oh, that's a big meal
That's a big meal. It's a stuff you never get down on the oven. Yeah
Oh
Call Tom jicke he'll tell you
Okay, listen how are we gonna do this? Let's just pass these around and share these with the people around you, you know
Yeah, these are if there is any a fanatical Jews here. These are all unleavened breads. They don't panic
I'm just taking a one slice trust me
Trust me and I'll get all the rest of it out of here. Oh wait a minute. I love it
But I left all the good stuff on it
That's good. Okay, if you're listening and wondering what the hell is going on here today
That's exactly what Gary Lawrence is wondering inside too that anybody get him out here is he still in hiding
We just gave the big meal to the Neil look alike. Oh, yeah, well ritual. He'll inhale at about two seconds
Well, wait what you gonna do sit there eat the whole thing come on now just for the microneary t-shirt
Okay, okay, I just want to make sure oh he's got the baked ziti. I can't believe it
Listen to these animals ladies and gentlemen. It's all orgasmic out here. Okay here hand
Huh, you don't want it?
Give it to these other people
How do you like that? We got a guy here who doesn't eat. I can't believe that
Where's the other
Who else doesn't have food over here over here on this side? They don't have food all they don't eat it looks like
Yeah, they did they
Boy, how do you do a show and I just have a bunch of animals eating around you man. They're all just as a good
Good stuff, huh? Yeah, it's good stuff Rick oven always the best
In fact Dan is gonna be speaking here again. So I'm gonna have this little piece. Okay. This is the big meal
I guess I should eat it in honor of uh
My friends at the brick oven pizza rear and you're talking
The big meal is what's on everybody's hands and mouths right now
Disgusting Dan. It's a pizza, you know, well, I mean the rule hasn't got an effect yet
So we're gonna get in a few in our last 50 minutes
I don't think any it looks obscene, but it must taste great
Here we go tomorrow's guest will be opal win-free
Here on the neo-rod yourself and Tammy fate
Well, Tammy it's hard for Tammy fate to talk these days. What are she eating?
Well, her mouth is full we can say that I guess right? I guess so
Anyway, what do you all think about this huh?
In our studio in the sun right now here wonderful w-w-w-i-n-z
Cordian slip
Cordian slip. What by the day and
Well, it was nice. Anyway, this place looks like a picnic battleground right by the way of Alice is listening now looking for material for tomorrow
If you tune into borrow Alice at about 10 o'clock you'll you'll figure out which words it is that I can say and then you'll know which ones you can say
Well, they haven't passed any ruling against simul casting right we can just simul cast the show over there
It's already gonna take the leg here and uh oops
We're gonna whisper here. I don't know if I can say that I better pass it to the big cheese here here talk marker
Okay, um, he's passing it on to the big cheese right now. Oh
We're here live. All right, we did get confirmation on this
Alice there is a big sperm candle waiting for you at area
That comes directly from our sources at area and we may do a remote from there before it's over with
Um
Talk about Mike Miller now. I think you let it all go all right here. We have the pizza here. We might as well bring on the Miller
Okay
I don't want to try to go with I don't want to try to go with the show or anything but
First of all, aren't lines dying to Marvin is but sorry about that but I'm sure you're having a good time downtown
Can I introduce the sperm match Neil some of them at least
Look at her right. I like look at her right. I like
Not perfect
Come back here come on. Just a who you are
Okay, so the first day of the day getting kiss you have police record Lisa
Tony glory
Maria and
They're the first they're gonna sing for you
Weiss thing away in hell and down
I
It's a long and of course the the man behind it all mr. Miami Marlin and we're calling that right
Miami Marlin. No, it's martin daily of superstar creations
Looking and take the mic
Here we go
In hell and hell I couldn't get him to say two words and you notice all of a sudden slowly but surely they all become
They evolve as Taffy would say in the superstar
That's true. I don't blame him
Wait a minute. What is this stuff? There's oh my god. There's loads of pizza from brick oven just showed
Let's go bring that pizza here, bud
Come on. Oh wait a minute. Where are the garlic slices? I might
Dive into one of those if they're those in the audience listening getting hungry. That's tough, you know
That's about him like go over yourself to the brick oven and spring for a few bucks and get yourself some good food
Now look at this
You know what I think we might do we might do like a whole week out here like next week or something out on the lawn
You can we can play a game you can do play by play
Well here you see the only problem with that is you can't do great play by playing less somebody scores
And in his place nobody ever scores at the rumor we have the happy sperm canals here
Yeah, well, that's a good start
Oh, you notice the interns are still like what is this why don't we what is this far?
He's selling her cone drive here Neil
Oh, wait a minute
Are you serious from wait a minute? Well, let me read it
This is from Bassets in the Lurias Plaza 112 82 Pines Boulevard in Pembert Pines oh yeah
Bassets purchase any coder cup and get a second single scoop
half off
And the New York Times that communist newspapers says that Bassets is the world's finest ice cream. I'll open it up already
Let's find out
Boy oh boy. This is great. This could be the marketplace of South Florida and Carroll City
You know we don't have any imitations. We let you come for the merchandise here. You don't have to do it on the phone
But if the mountain won't come to
Whatever will come to the mountain I know listen to that shot. What a shot
Oh
We've got who we've got French vanilla and chocolate chocolate chip. Oh the chocolate the vanilla the French I'm not into French at all
Believe me
The French vanilla is for tap. Give that to her for her trip will you please?
Anything that'll help her go away fast
When it's gonna melt fast too it'll temper to that incredible texture
Look at this they're flipping underpants and everything out here man. This is getting to be wild
No wonder Gary doesn't want to come out here. He doesn't want to spoil his image
Okay, that's great. Well, I'm gonna taste this when we do our break and if you don't have spoons
It would be embarrassing for me to eat it to gum it right out of thank you very much
It's kosher La Paisa and this is Bassets in the Luria's Plas I know where that is in Pembert Pine
Thank you. Yeah all the way from Pembert Pries five minutes up the road come on now
I know I know all the people waiting to cross the Pembert Road
I know it gets a sterile if I got ice cream on my hat now
slightly oh good okay
Oh wait a minute the good prizes have come out
What is that dolphin Jenny?
Oh, we've got no I don't want them let's give them away to these people
I mean they be kind enough to a shrewd job here. Okay Kyle. Let's do a little break here
It's 119 at W.I. and C. We'll be right back
You learn me out. I must admit the crowd the overwhelming the chanting
The placards it was just overwhelming yet the embarrassment
In my admitess you'll embarrass me. Plus they had his car locked in he couldn't get out for lunch
And I wanted to come earlier, but I was talking to Mark Fowler who is the chair
Of the FCC and he wanted to know he said what in the hell are you doing down there?
So I said what the hell are you douchebags doing down there?
Well, I don't want to say what he said exactly you having a good time. We're having a great time
By the way, we have this
Wait a minute. What the hell is this thermo king is just brought in
Tons or look at that much herella ricotta. They brought in enough Italian food to feed Venice for six weeks
Now we have a little advisory here. I want everybody to quiet down for just a second
We have an advisory from the FCC
The famous seven-dirty words which the FCC has used in the past in defining obscenity are
On that piece of paper exactly
Exactly that was good. That was quick too and that was what called save the license is what it was called
But we're gonna get the guy tomorrow morning and we're gonna make him define now. I got him on paper
And we're gonna make sure he spells them all out with one with an s one with an f and a couple of with a c
But that's an other story now. What is this guy out here?
What is this guy doing is Alice in that truck?
It's refrigerated truck
All wait a minute maybe Sandy's body is in a back of that truck wouldn't that be something?
I can't believe it. Is there anybody getting out
No save it for me don't give that to anybody. We're out doing community ice cream
Where did the guy go?
Oh
This guy did you bring us food sir?
So we got a kitchen in there with a microwave
See another false alarm we thought this guy was bringing a truckload of food
That's all right. We got plenty of food. They're doing a job on the baked ziti and on the pizzas and the ice cream
By the way some of my audience has got some wild diseases
So I would just be very eyed watch that guy
Before we do the communal ice cream eating man. We got an incredible crowd
This is bigger than some of the audiences or some of the other shows into it's bigger than a lot of the rock concerts
I've been to lately. Well, you know those FM stations they're great. I think
By the way, we were thinking of going in there on the FM
Wouldn't it be good? We could take the log mic we could go in the FM see if there's anybody alive in there
Yeah, I mean it they're looking for free publicity. Did you really did you really hire back Alan Fried?
We've heard you stuffed them and you put them in the in a controlling McLean has to come on to raise Alan Fried back to
The bring him back. I love Alan Fried Alan Fried was one of the
First radio personalities I ever listened to but he's way past any of it your audience here
Because none of your audience here over 35 and I imagine that's amazed and I really think if you took a
A poll. I don't think you'd find anybody 50 years old in this audience with wrong. Where was that one lady that was here?
Come on did she go away
Neon we're just spelling a myth right here right now today
When she left you mean that prune that was here because she was an ice lady come on she was really nice
Is there anybody here over?
Oh wait a minute here she comes you asked you asked for it and you've got it
Here she comes all right. This is what we've been waiting for
I can't believe it she came all the way you want to do a little play by playing purple and white shirt with black
knickers and black shoes
And she's gay walking she walks a little like Oprah Winfrey
She's walking like Jay and here comes her husband here
And flat pants on a white shirt he's about 20 yards behind and he's gonna come up here and talk
All right, he looks a little like sunny Rosenberg's brother is a matter of fact. I can't believe it
This is great come on ma'am step right up here and say hello to America
Come on camera please come on camera so that the world can see you
Hi, where did you come from?
Amber Cines will a heck of a
Our guests did you come for freebies or did you come just to say hello? My husband came
Oh
Came from Carson City oh we're going to come and sitting in May
Well, you know prostitution is legal in Carson City do you trust your husband?
By the way, I think I'd assure her this card
I have to show her this card you might want to think a second time
Oh my god now that the food arrive from brick oven man the caravana cars is
Believable is taffy in the midst of all of that all the way
Oh here comes taffy
What taffy team
Look at that I can't believe it taffy bleached her face white before coming in here today. I can't believe it
Well, she got a sense of humor or what?
Okay, thank you so much. Here goes Gary Lawrence
Gary's going back in to check the awards again
What is this that we're giving out now is this something valuable?
Was that for me?
Is there something that explodes inside sir? What is this?
Oh, this is no paper. Thank you. That's good
That's excellent. Well, am I going to get a good haul out of this today, huh?
This is better than we ever dream. I just thought it was going to be quiet out here in the sun was shining
Huh nice peaceful show and man we've had like a picnic out here today
Out here in the boondocks man. This has been incredible
Market spices are going for $10 just outside the house. Okay, we have a discount now 10 bucks in the first six houses on
47th Avenue for parking spaces
Hey, listen, we could make some money for these fakers up here on 47th. You know, we could do something for that
Yeah, we can put a football field out here. Okay, where's the hair she comes? Okay, this is the moment
That they've all been waiting for here. She comes
Here she comes to lecture the audience
By the way, what did I wait a minute? What did I just do with that slip?
What happened to the oh I got it in my hand. No, what are I can't find it?
Just wondering I heard this news about the FTC and I'm wondering okay now. I want you to read this
It says the SEC has decided that DB Cooper has to change the name of its stores. Oh
Hmm very interesting
This is called the seven deadly sins
Neil Neil Neil
Neil
Howard Howard and Alice what happened to say publish this?
I'm gonna make the guy say these on the ear tomorrow
My mother would wash my mouth out with soap
Well, I've heard some of the jokes you've told off the ear
If she heard some of the material you use she'd wash more than your mouth out with soap up. It doesn't matter a fact
Taffy
Here we go. I know
Well, it's nice to see you all out here today
It looks like you've been having a nice meal. We want to thank
Is this evolved this crowd? This is a wonderfully evolved crowd. I mean anybody you know who wears a course lights
Or WI is there's happy spurm right there
You know pink isn't my color
It's my colors matter a fact
A little pink. Oh you try a little pink. Oh, well, I didn't ever wonder what QZL Raj is being pink. Oh, but
You notice you've never seen her and John Broward together. Have you noticed that?
Well, that's what I am
Oh, and she puts what she puts a uniform on
John Broward, where are you when we need you right?
God was John Brow
John will be goose stepping up to the entrance way any minute now. I have been coming along just a while
What is as a matter of fact Mike Thompson called me yesterday morning and he just wanted me to send you his best regards
Yeah, Tom to blow it out is zero. Okay. Tell him it's a great American. He never stole a freight train
He was honest morning as matter fact. I listen from about three seconds. I want to hurt his voice
He was sitting on 12 telephone books. He was defending God, but we couldn't figure out which one
But the one on the right
Way over on a far right as far as you can see
Okay, there she is taffy McCallum taffy be on a two today
You're not really you're not really gonna do that show on attacks. Is are you taffy? No, as a matter of fact
I have a better show than that. Thank God. Okay. All right. See we're working on her
We're working on her
We had an intensive meeting last night and the program director worked on her for about 45 minutes and really
Changed her outlook on life softened her up, right?
Anyway, we have a crowd of folks here taffy
Thank you very much for stopping by a little bit early. They're starting to leave
6000 people here easily. I mean this lady wants to have you can say hi to your husband
I want to say hi to Joe
Who's listening right now? You can't do that. Oh, I'm sorry. I Joe. I can't say hi to you
Okay, we're gonna give you your ice cream back if you do that again
That's it intake her candles. Don't sit there. Well, she doesn't want to ruin her image
