You said you really have no, she's made me mad.
This is there, I want it.
That was your story.
That was the scene of Adintora in public.
So what happened? Did you give her the magazine?
Uh-huh, yeah.
I'll bet for 50 bucks worth of groceries, yeah.
I mean she wanted to threaten her, but she hadn't hurt you
or seen anything about it.
And I wanted her and I said, now we're going to rendix it
because I understand there were taking them in too.
Yeah.
I guess this is funny and I just want to see what the reaction is.
But the poor kids beyond the question they didn't know what to say.
I think it's against piracy.
I think they're all trying to make a shop at Albertsons.
Oh, but they didn't know what to say.
They're there, they're there, they're there.
One girl said, let me see the magazine.
I said you'll be interested in it.
I said because there's one there about breast,
but I guess that's kind of dirty to say.
And the ladies, oh they got to be kicked out of it there.
Eating their sample ice cream cones and they're seen to us.
That's their fake.
Maybe they ought to put them out next to the chicken breasts.
And I don't know.
Okay.
This is good to see you on me.
I'll bring somebody, Jonathan, that's definitely making difference.
Yeah.
Okay.
Have a good day.
You too.
26 before one.
And of course, the next time you go shopping in public,
just remember that FCC ruling.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Hmm.
About indecency, indecency with the bag boys, right?
And earrings and all that other stuff.
Man, they got an excuse for everything over there, don't they?
Okay.
We have two open lies in dates.
6249400 North Miami Beach, hello.
Hello now.
Yes.
Hey, a terrific program.
But I'm listening to you for long time.
Never called in but listening a long time.
I'm an eight of here.
Well, I wouldn't say a native.
I'm a pioneer at 57 years.
I don't want to mention who I am but you probably don't.
But I remember, there's one thing that you got to have.
Remember, every knock is a boost.
And you're doing a hell of a compromise to your show.
And it's enjoyable.
In fact, I'm sitting here only on a Saturday listening to your program
and getting a hell of a pick out of all our door to wall stuff.
Yeah, they're off the wall, all right.
And it's great.
We're sleeping them off the wall.
Well, I do some television work and travel all over the country
and I come contact with people from all over from the East Coast to the West Coast,
Mid-America, all in the WINGLIN.
And your program is something else, isn't it?
My air conditioning's been out four days.
I don't know.
Something's wrong about that.
They're waiting for a part.
And I'm dying here.
My wife is going crazy.
It's so hot.
Fans are going, but it don't do no good.
But I can't miss your program.
And I'm sitting here and I'm getting off a great bang out of it.
You're terrific, though.
You're getting your great bangs, sir.
Yeah.
Because the way you tiny speak row up, you're tiny line, you're telling where it is.
You stick up your principles, you make sense.
A lot of times you're, you know, you're far out.
But it's, it's, it's refreshing.
It's something that you don't get it anywhere.
And, uh, geez, I'm really impressed.
But I'm still sticking it out.
It's so hot here.
I'm sweating like a pig.
But listening to your program, boy, it's really something else.
Don't mind me.
Okay.
And, uh, you just keep on doing what you're doing.
You're going to be very kind to vice.
You'll miss people.
They don't agree with everything.
Of course.
You put it out.
What do they know?
It's a lipstick.
Yeah.
And this is the truth.
I know.
Don't you recognize my voice?
No.
They call me the true-ish-aw-cheap bunker.
I did commercials with both of them.
I had a surprise.
I did my own commercials.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
You know who I am, right?
I tell you.
Yeah.
I'll be burger.
You know, I'll be from 20 to 30, 37 years in one place.
Are you kidding?
Hey, that's me.
Huh.
And, uh, I'm, uh, I'm a funny character myself.
I could tell.
But you ask me out.
I tell you.
You are my kind of people.
I know.
I live in North Miami Beach because it's very convenient for my wife when I go home.
Well, nothing's perfect.
You know that?
Huh?
Nothing is perfect.
Nothing is perfect.
God.
People don't even like God.
Some people love them.
Some people don't like God.
Exactly.
What the hell do they know?
You know, they're just a bunch of creeps.
A bunch of Michigan.
That's right.
Okay.
You have to have a great life, sir.
I get what I told you.
Every knock is a post.
Okay.
Okay.
Audio.
Audio.
Hostel Owego.
Hostel Owego.
Okay.
When I cry.
And in the course of things, after we had, and that was quite a traumatic thing for me as well.
Each time I saw the time, take our love with us.
Okay.
It's 22 before 1.
I'm not even stopping the car.
It's well today.
That's how disjointed the show has become.
Let's do our second break of the hour.
If you're keeping track at home, the guys who have the subred hot dog stands are going to be selling hot dogs in the shape of the Pope's beanie.
They're going to call them beanie weemies.
19 before, well, look at that.
I think that's an omen.
I think that just fell on the floor back there.
19 before 1 at W.I. and Z.
Our next call in coconut creek.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, this is another, I'm going to call it a disagreement for you.
I enjoy listening to you every day.
But I just want, I want to ask you a question.
I don't want to cut me off.
I want to respond to you.
You talk about the people that listen to you.
How stupid they are and the American public is dummies and there's 240 million in the end of the fall.
No, I didn't, I never said that.
I didn't say that everybody's an end of the fall.
That's what you mean to imply.
Did you ever stop to think that maybe, you know, this is the 80s.
It's not the 60s or 70s anymore.
And you're the one that's not a set.
People have finally come to their senses and realize.
Well, then what are you listening for?
Well, because I enjoy you.
I like to listen to you a lot.
I like to listen to you a lot.
I like the way you cut people off that disagree with you.
Okay.
18 before 1 at W.I. and Z.
Plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Oh, hi.
How are you doing?
What plant was he calling?
Well, he said he liked the way that I cut off people to disagree.
So I figured I'd, you know, give him what he wanted.
So to speak.
I don't know about the FCC.
I'm looking at pornography while I'm talking to you.
Well, the next time you go to public sir, just keep that FCC ruling in mind.
What is it?
When you go to the meat department.
You have to watch your meat, is that it?
Exactly.
Oh, I got it.
Those little old ladies out there who have been squeezing the meat at publics look out.
Oh.
The FCC inspector may be standing under the counter.
That's right.
Well, there are no castitution in public.
I was in Sarasota this week.
There are no human rights in public.
No human rights.
No humans.
The radio in Sarasota is...
Pretty exciting.
Oh, my God.
Awful.
I used to work there.
You're kidding.
14 years ago, I worked at WSPB out there on City Island.
Doing what?
What do you mean doing what?
I did a morning show.
I was program director.
I did a talk show for a while.
I did everything out there.
They don't have anything even closely resembling a talk show out there.
No.
They have a lot of shows like Mike Rennery in the morning.
Yeah, guys picked their nose on the ear.
That's good.
Play disgusting music.
And the FM's awful also.
I mean, not that Miami's great, but their idea of FM is light rock.
They have all these stations that play an elevator type of rock and roll.
It was awful.
Yeah.
Like the Hollywood string saying, playing, I want your sex.
Not?
Well, I don't know about that.
Not in...
...out of that going on.
Buy it out there.
How bad can it be without the lyrics, you know?
I know.
I don't think George Michael makes it to Sarasota.
Probably not.
Can I say...
I was listening to Craig Worthing when he...
Well, that's obscene in and of itself, sir.
Well, that's history, but I haven't had a chance to call you.
And he used to be on and he was like the most enane individual in the world.
He would get a guess on why I don't know and ask them about their shoes...
...about the clothes they were wearing.
Well, he's big into shoes and clothing.
I don't understand.
He gets...
And why do people even sit there?
They'll talk about a topic and he talks about his dreams or what he did 20 years ago.
I doubt that.
The guy...
I doubt that very much.
You don't think so.
No.
Anyway.
Yeah.
He would be right along.
Moving right along.
What's...
What other thing about Alice in the afternoon?
Yes.
Is he getting ready to like come out of the closet or something?
All his shoes seem to be drag queens, etc., etc., etc.
What's his...
Is that his new shock type of programming?
Yeah, he's a shock-jock.
He's a shock to listen to.
I don't know what the story is there.
I'm not really sure.
It's kind of like one day the Toys on the Line and...
Remember that song, One Two Over the Line?
Yes.
Well, I think that ought to be the theme song and I'd show.
She can't say that on the air.
No.
Anyway, I really like your Tammy Fei piece.
Yeah, that's a classic.
Am I record or you'll die in hell or something burning hell?
That's their whole...
Their whole ballgame.
Exactly.
Give me money or...
Ah, your way to heaven.
I'm gonna...
One last question.
What is...
I know AOR means all over the road.
What does that mean?
What does what mean?
AOR...
What is all over the road mean?
No, no.
That's just my line all over the road.
AOR means adult-oriented rock, album rock.
Oh, oh, oh, okay, great.
Very good.
Yeah.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
I do enjoy your program.
Okay.
Goodbye.
See you in Sarasota.
Goodbye.
Okay, Geno is calling.
He feels...
Lonely.
Who's Geno?
Genes Stevens?
No, come on.
Get serious.
He wants me to talk about him again.
Genes Silverman.
You're Genes Silverman.
How you doing, Eugene?
He's not really calling, is he?
What does he want?
He's on the phone?
How do you know it was him?
Was there silverware dripping from his telephone?
Or was it just jewelry dripping from the phone?
One or the other.
Okay, that's fascinating.
Hollywood, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yeah.
I was watching by accident.
I watched Jimmy Swagger this morning.
And you know, you have to watch the enemy so you can combat him.
You have to know what you're doing, you know?
I had a greed to do that.
Before I left the room, he asked the question,
do you think I could ever come back to PTO?
Go ahead, sir.
Well, you believe that he had this chart up,
and he was showing the enemies of TV evangelists,
and he had pornographers, he had humanists,
and you know, different columns.
Yeah.
He had Thomas Payne.
He had the Catholic...
the Catholic denomination up there right along with pornographers and humanists.
Yeah, that's true.
They were very down on the Catholics.
You bet.
Can you believe that?
Yes.
And not only that, he was showing all, you know,
how the money is spent, how he spends his money.
And he was saying that, you know, he was showing these South American countries,
these people in South America, you know,
flocking to the stadiums and seeing them.
I think they were probably passing out free hot dogs or something to everybody.
Meenie Wienys.
Right.
And he says, yeah, even people down in South America watch our show.
And they had the cameras inside like these straw huts,
and there's dirt floors, and there's poverty, and...
Yeah, but they all have a 26-inch Sony.
Don't you understand?
I pray you a 26-inch color party.
It's a matter of priorities.
How can you believe that?
Yeah.
A joke.
What, a joke?
And you believe that the people that watch him are gullible enough to believe that?
Somebody wanted me to talk about Gene Stevens.
If I have the guts, what do they want me to talk about other than he's a douchebag?
What is there to say?
I'm sorry, sir. I'm getting a message here.
It's just unbelievable.
Go ahead. I'm used to it.
No, there's nothing to say.
I mean, I've already said it all about Gene Stevens.
He's a douchebag.
I don't know who Gene Stevens is.
Well, believe me. Nobody else does either.
Well, if you don't like him, I probably wouldn't either.
He's a misfit and halemdale.
Oh, boy. That tells me a lot right there.
That says it all.
That says it all.
Hey, Benille. If you could, could you play that human gas alert?
If you get a chance, would you please?
Human gas alert?
You know, that one that the siren goes off on people's gas gas.
That little sticky have there.
You mean the worst alert?
I haven't heard it too. I heard it one time.
And I didn't remember exactly what it was.
I heard it was pretty funny.
The point is, though, if you're going to ask for bits, you've got to have the name right.
So for future reference, I'm just stalling for time because I can't find it.
I'll find it here sooner or later.
It's called the worst alert.
The worst alert.
I'll remember that, Neil.
Thank you, Laura.
In fact, that comes automatically on your radio just before the leaf followers show every morning.
And afterwards, too.
But I'll just before Mike Thompson.
Oh, here it is.
Okay, boy, I'll tell you.
You chuckle just right up to it.
Okay, have a good day.
Later.
See you later.
Boy, great killing, honey.
Oh, Mike, there.
At worst alert, we know the key to surviving household accidents is early warning.
Yeah, boy, I just loped them beans.
Oh, no!
Come on, kids.
Help out with nothing, winter.
I don't want to see.
It was a dog that done it.
When the worst happens, worst alert is there, constantly sniffing the air for those silent but deadly personal humans.
It's the worst alert.
Personal fume detector.
What weapon you're off it?
Meathers, I need this 200 page report in one hour.
What?
An open window.
What one in your car, dude?
Hey, thank you for reading a burrito to Paul, man.
Hey, thank you.
Get automatically lowers your window.
Limit.
Close your windows.
The worst alert.
Personal fume detector.
Available now with gas modern all cheeseway stores.
I said, well, Jim, I understand the assemblies of God are about to defraud you.
Okay, it's nine minutes before one at WING.
Let's take our last break this hour, because I think we're finally...
I'll tell you one thing.
It's one thing, you know, when people want to hear things.
It's another thing when they become militant.
You know what I'm talking about?
And we have a couple of people.
Well, we have several people, I guess, for whatever the reason.
I want to hear Helen DeLvice and the Leopard Condom today.
And I think what we ought to do is play them back to back to get those people off our backs.
But I'm a little bit nervous, because I don't want to stop these carts,
and I'm not sure if Jerry has recued.
I would never have been able to do this.
I would never have been able to do this.
I would never have been able to do this.
I would never have been able to do this.
Can you believe that?
They both ended.
That's the second time that's happened.
It must be the work of the Lord.
They both ended simultaneously.
There two Miami cops with a hot newbie.
They're on the street, sliding crime.
They pop into any cabin space there.
In Helen DeLvice.
We got a problem.
The grey gang is a cruel treat.
Lieutenant, isn't that the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird special after seven?
Yeah, they're backing down.
Let's go get them.
Yes, stop it, nothing to clean out this treat.
Hey, lady, you can't cross here. You'll have to cross in the light.
They're determined to clean up this mudling business.
All right, sister, you're under arrest.
Oh, so now you're under arresting my wife. Watch the charge.
Session of powder.
I'm gonna have first time.
Let's see that wife stuff.
Yeah, just a dog.
She's got over 100 bags in here.
Of what?
Sweet and low.
From that restaurant, she just came out of.
What's that gonna mean?
Yes, there can be Miami cops on a hot newbie.
In Helen DeLvice.
We're being disformed on MBC.
No, this is the time of year when everyone's a wee bit.
I wish.
Say, Colleen, would you be wanting to come over to my place to help me wax my shell?
Oh, now that I would, my catastrophe.
If you'd be wet in the green.
I know there's a smart lassie.
Please make sure her lad is wearing the Kelly Green protection of leprechaundoms.
Don't be whistin' on a poorly clover.
I'll file in for the gist of gab.
Especially if you're planning on kissing some blindy stones.
There's what have you.
Be doubly in your protection with the imprecondoms.
They're strong enough for a man.
But I like them too.
So kick yourself a leprechaundom.
And you won't be catching anything else.
Are you gonna be pulling my leg? Are you serious?
Okay, I wish I could repeat that.
I might repeat that on Monday.
Five minutes before 1 at WYNZ.
We have somebody in a pay phone on County Line Road. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Real uplifting show early this morning.
Yeah, real positive.
I got a question for you. It's kind of a cubic servicie.
You might be going for the betters going out to Caldera.
I just got back from there.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
You just got back from there. Post time isn't for another five minutes.
Wait a minute. It's 12.30. The wind is open.
Oh, I see another. Would you bet early?
Yeah, I went in about 25 out there and got out of there.
Well, I can't believe it. We got an honest guy here.
He didn't bet with his bookie. He went to the track and advanced bet.
I can't believe it.
I'm doing it for a bunch of other people.
Oh, well, that's illegal. That's good.
I was like, you know, oh, I know what I'm talking about.
I'm gonna go and make all your bets for you.
You know, they just told me their names.
And here's what happens. There's a few horses that are coupled together.
And I didn't, I'm not testing that line.
But what does that mean? I mean, I can win if two of the same trainers, you know,
if either the horses win or something like that.
Exactly. Of course, there are, you mean in the Belmont?
Exactly. That's the only race I bet on.
Okay. Let's just say, for example, gone west,
if that comes in or conchiste rows comes in, you win either?
Right. But that just seems like you're getting my two horses for the price of one.
You are. It's an entry. That's what an entry is all about.
That's why the price is usually fairly low on an entry
because you got two chances. Just like Goliocasteri and Goltra,
the Leroy Gioli entry.
Exactly. Conchiste rows in Gone West are the Woody Stevens entry.
Yeah, because I like boxed. Also perfect, crypto clearance and Leo Castell.
But also a big gulch effect comes in with I guess either those two horses exactly about that
Okay, so I'll be able to explain it intelligently anyways
Yeah, when you start when you tell these people you have the terror or tickets up you'll be able to tell them why and
Well, I'll tell the people if there's if they go in with like the
The line up out of the paper that it's totally wrong
You go in there and say I want the number 10 it's you know gulch and paper. It's totally wrong
So there's any light novice better. Well those are by post position
faculty and that's not how they're listed in the Belmont program
So something you know gonna be betting on the totally wrong board so they just go through a number's around so that's true
That's why you got to buy a program. I know it you know it costs 50 cents. It's a big investment, but it's a good idea
Yeah, I just took it in the day county, but now I'm making a mad dash back to Brown. You're right on the line
Huh? Yeah, sir just like those tacos to hover on the line right here by this beautiful shopping center
Boy, it's just a terrible part of town, but I'm getting out of here. Okay, stop in Royal Castle on the way back
That'll change your luck. See you after a minute. Okay. Good luck to you
Okay, they're all plunging their guts out man. That's good
He went out there early and plunged and got everybody else's money down which is you know borderline illegal
Technically, but at least he admits it. Okay, when we come back after the news break we're gonna really go nuts and
I have no idea what that means, but see it always sounds good when you say that like we're gonna really have a like last
What the hell they wasn't it was like two Saturdays ago on Friday
I said tomorrow we're really gonna have a wild show
Or we've got something wild prepared for I have anything prepared as usual you know the last few months
You don't prepare anything you just come in and fly by the seat of your pants
Which is why the seat of my pants are so shiny these days
See Larry can't
No, do I want to get into that again about these chairs now? Well, it's too big of a story to cover in the next 30 seconds
We'll save that for Monday about Larry can't in these chairs in the talk studio. I mean several of them
At the same time
Anyway, we will come back at 106 and then of course Ernie's
Neil Rogers. Yeah, Arlene. I was the one at the watered up that stupid crap and put it in the waist basket. Okay, honey
Can we get her a little therapy before she does the next update?
It's 106 at W. I. N. Z. I'm telling you we've got just incredible. I mean during the week
It's wild enough, but on the weekend. It's just like out of control out of control
Like I really have a lot to do with the programming of this radio station, right? I have everything to do with it
You know anything that go when it rains outside. It's Neil's fault. Everything is Neil
Now I guess we're supposed to forget about the numbers and about the ratings and about listening
We're not here to build an audience. We're here to be a little fraternity, right? Of course
To be just a little psychotic fraternity and I certainly qualify
Because I'm a psychotic is almost
Anybody in a building I do underline almost because there are some in a class by themselves
Okay, we have one open line at Dade County 624
9400
624
9400 Miami. Hello
Hello, yes
Neil your
Defensive freedom of speech and self expression with the FCC is very lottable
But I can't understand it seems inconsistent with your your concern about the Pope's coming or about selling souvenirs
What's the difference yes if they sell souvenirs for his visit? What's different between that and selling Bruce Springsteen
pictures and
people
What's the what's difference be what between selling souvenirs when the Pope comes and all those little souvenirs that they sell on the PT
Club
Well, you know, if I mean is it is a
Markument that you have though about if you don't like the programming one can turn it off
I didn't say that we're starting a campaign to stop they can do any damn thing they want
You know, I'm making a joke out of it and you're obviously taking it very seriously
Which I find amusing in itself?
Well, it may be it is amusing, but it's it's silly the if
People whether you believe in them or not, you know, they sell a little souvenir posters anytime a visitor from Israel comes no
They don't you know, it's no they don't yeah, they do they sell a little flags and they know they don't
Anytime a visitor from Israel comes I don't mean to Miami
I mean if they come to New York haven't you been in New York when
When Monachican menachan bacon or seen the footage or when
Nobody comes over no and they don't let the kids out of school when Monachan bacon comes to or when Yitzhak Shamir
Comes to in New York they don't let the kids out of school. Are you jealous because they do now?
I'm not jealous. It's got nothing to do with what I'm jealous. It's ridiculous
It's the violation of separation of church in state. I mean you're approaching like a child in my jealous
It sounds like you're all upset about it and oh yeah, sir
I'm so upset about it. You know, I mentioned it. What do we spend about two minutes on that?
Well at least two minutes when is worse things can happen and you turn it off if you don't like it
You don't buy it if you don't like it. What is that? I continue with letting the kids out of school when a Pope comes
Well if if the kids if people feel that the kids are
Going to get something out of it fine and they what are they going to get out of it?
Just to go. They know. They're going to get out of it. Get worse things. What are they going to get out of it?
You know, it sounds a lot like you're not you don't want to have a conversation
You said if the kids are going to get something I asked you a question you pretend you're deaf
What are they going to get out of it? The kids going to get out of long hair mother's used to say when the Beatles were were new
What does that have to do with getting out of school when the Pope is here if the Beatles were coming to town if they were still together
They wouldn't be out of school when the Beatles came. I'll
Please spare me the pain will you?
Everybody in the audience you are remember when the Beatles used to come to town
We used to have a school holiday right so all the kids like when Elvis used to come to the
Convention Center
Did he ever come to the convention center could be who knows?
But certainly if he would have we would let all the kids out of school
I mean this guy is just totally irrational and taking it all so seriously
That's a bottom line pal the whole thing is a big joke only we just don't want to subsidize it and
Thank goodness that the school board in Broward County and the
Superintendent of Public Schools has enough guts to say no to the Pope
Humor first you get down on your knees
It'll win your rosaries
Okay, one twelve and W. I. Z. I've got most of the lines are open now and of course
That's been the kind of day
It's been not that we haven't had a lot of calls because we did earlier although most of them were really depressing
But the audience today, man, they're just they're on the rag
You know, I don't know if it's the Vatican rag or which rag it is, but they're on some kind of a wreck
We have an open line in dayed 624 9400 and our new new number in Broward is 524
9400 deep throat. Hello. How you doing?
I'll see we don't get any meal here on Saturday, so I'm sure it'll show up on Monday
Or at least I hope it shows up on Monday. I've also got Jack 30 lament on there. He might be able to use good
That was long
Forgot about that one. Yeah
Okay, well it sounds like I'm in for a real treat on Monday morning. Hey look. I'm going back after this show
I'm through my first time a call there really yeah, I usually play highlight and I usually win
Mm-hmm call the shots
You got any you know I'll give anything out today. No, I don't know I don't do that anymore. That's right. Okay
Well all I can tell you is I like the
Leroy Jolly entry in the Belmont and it's not going to pay anything
Okay, I didn't hear that Leo Castellan Gulch
Gulch
But it's not going to pay much
That's okay. One of the pay my for that
Well wait a minute. I see perfect parade is running again today in the eighth race on the grass
Okay, look out
Thanks me up. Okay, good luck. I can't believe that I happen to have the entries right in front of me here
I'm not touting anything, but I gave him my last week and he won rather easily and it looks basically like it's the same field again
Or at least a lot of the same ones Texola Joe and per playho he beat him before
London exchange Canadian winner pretty much the same field so look out in the eighth race
Miami hello, hey Neil how you doing today? Okay? All right. Well, it's amazing some of these people they call actually probably have drivers licenses
I know
Geez, I
Hey, you know speaking of the Catholics. I just you know, I went to Catholic school in Ohio and
My buddies mom used to clean up the rectory or wherever they lived, you know
And she always used to find all kinds of used rubbers and I mean use condoms in the
In the waste baskets and stuff
Nons used to drop out of school be a pregnant
About 25% of the priests were gay, which I don't have a figure can't wait wait wait wait what percent about 25 oh
Man, that's you know, which is five with me. That's a low figure. Let me tell you you know speaking of maybe 95%
Well, I didn't want to go that high but
25% like you were gay, which is fine and the funniest thing out of all there was the head done choose the principal to the school
The head none. Yeah, the head none. What kind of meat to precede on Friday none
Moving right along
Okay
Any of this
Head had none there got knocked up by the basketball coach. I just thought that was funny as could be two old two old goobers
We're good to do it the head office
Well ever good day Neil. Why did she give birth to a little basketball? I guess yeah, my mom told me this
Okay, well, it must be true then later. Okay, it's 118 at W. I. N. Z. But it I feel like I'm on
What about 33 RPM today like the show is on 16 or something, you know, maybe it's just me
We have an open line indeed and a 624 9400
Somebody said that he saw on entertainment tonight that Pat and Anita will be doing a music and promo tour for Anita's book
Rising from the ashes
Well, that's exciting I
Understand that the pat is contributing the photographs in the insert
119 at W. I. N. Z.
122 at W. I. N. Don't forget psychotic news headlines coming up at the top of the hour and then we'll have
The Ernie Sochin long from two to seven. What are you laughing about? This is the honest show. I'm just telling it like it is
Is a matter of fact last five minutes?
I'm gonna laugh and puke in the claw of the wall and make guttural sounds and you know because we want a good buildup
Boy, this cigar is getting to me. I'm telling you it's either cigar the show or a combination of both. What do you want? Are you?
You must want something
What is it more gossip?
The W. I. N. Z. Yenta rent the Yenta is in the building again
He didn't create enough problem here this morning
Merit Island always at the island of Merit Steerheim bought
I'm reading the letter folks who just
Cool it. He's a life member of the NRA and a reader of the spotlight
He also reads New York Times in Washington Post
Oh boy
Oh boy
Oh boy
They're discussing an envelope. Yeah, we sent him a boom box
What is shame if I didn't know that I would have turned the envelope up. What an idiot Merit Island
Yeah, there a lot of open-minded progressive people on Merit Island probably drives a pickup truck. Yeah, he's got designer sheets
Not on not on his bed either
Boy pathetic. He's almost as sick as somebody I know in the newsroom
Okay, where are we going next? Hey listen? I've just only begun. I mean you know if they want to start with me
Trust me. I can do six weeks on her. You know what I'm saying with that non-stop no problem
You know just do the job and shut up honey. That's all we want no more psychosis in the bitching and belly aching
You know this is a business we hear to succeed to get numbers to build an audience not to a pacify people psychosis, right?
Oh wait a minute here comes a message. Oh, she's a personality could have fooled the hell out of me
Pembroke pines. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes. I hear a plan of free-pakers hanging around. So is this true?
On the phone together. Yeah
Oh, you've got to be kidding now do you think that I'm gonna be watching Don web on channel 17
He a very little nobody watches that there's a learning Bruce documentary on late last night also. Yeah
No, it's pretty good
I have a lot of old footage and Steve Allen together
It's pretty funny. Huh pretty weird
Almost as funny as Ted Coppel
Are you using a cheap phone
Sounds like you've got it stuffed in somewhere. I'm not sure where real muffled. Oh you had it there earlier
Yeah, something must have got on it
You're becoming a big celebrity game so I am I make things to you and send them up to my friends. I know
I'm around
Very big up there. Oh, I'm pretty big down here, too
If you add in this week's voice or next week's voice this week
We I think it's supposed to be but we don't know cuz we haven't found one yet
I've been looking I look to the issue. I plan has been too busy spreading rumors around the building to get one
Well, I got the tune nine. Yeah, radio hell on the cover. I didn't see anything about it. I didn't see the add anywhere
Maybe you're lucky to be in that week
Well, have a good life. No. Well, what does that mean you the June 9th this week
They come in a magazine to come out they take a lot of the stand the of the date that's on the cover
Yeah, who when comes out on Tuesday and there's no add in there for so far all through it
I see it look everywhere in the head. Yeah, well, that's Glenn's he Glenn is right on top of these things
I think also good that's he's so busy giving rumors to fruitcake that he doesn't have time to take care of this stuff
Well, it's a good issue to read anyway
It's got to be exciting out on the york radio and oh that'll be exciting out
This is a busy issue to be into about radio hell
I'm about to speak with different or to everybody's really good. You know I take anything to get on the chief phone
Get a new phone will you play seriously get a new phone? All right, bye. Okay. That was pathetic
It sounded like he was down there with Mike Thompson and the tiny bullman together again in stereo. What are the rumors now?
Guys got more rumors he ought to have he spends all day running or flitting around like a butterfly
I'm one spot to another
I just spreading spreading rumors. I forgot to be ashamed of yourself. Okay. I won't I won't tell no listen
You might as well do it now you've tittle a to the audience you've peaked their curiosity
Well addition to which if you waste a little bit of time
I wouldn't have to take any more calls. Well, it's your glad to see you all listen this show today
What if I when I came in here this morning we were having a good time pulling that thing out of the that was a lot of yeah
What did he say about me? Did he say something? You were a moron? Oh?
And that if you ever were on the year again that he was gonna come here and blow the station up other than that he thinks you're okay
At the big deal a troublemaker a devise of yeah rumor monger that it loved 94 you had people yet
Irene Richard and tears every day
Yeah, I think it was the other way around well something like that. Yeah, I think it was the other way he was great
Boy today she was on this show. She was almost as good as Arlene Ross
They they in fact what we're gonna do we're gonna have Arlene is gonna go over there and be
Psychotic on that station and Irene is gonna come here and do the psychotic news
Don't encourage Irene okay don't even talk a little Richard don't even talk about her
But that her nickname little Richard no I can't say her nickname on here
No, it's one of those words on my list. It sure is douche combination actually a couple of them
Hmm sort of a compound word anyway part of it mother
Okay refused to answer on the ground
That it might be true. Yeah
Exactly
So you got more rumors for us well
I we heard that the rumors were denied an IOD yesterday. They came on here. It's a name. It's not true
We're still here. Yeah, and you hear about all the
Circle phone calls they had at the station the old ladies yeah old bags. That's their whole IOD audience over there
They got about ten old bags. They did have the big meeting yesterday and
Part of the wait a minute which one the big program maybe the meeting between Rick Edwards and
No, they're big strategy meeting. They're big. You know the new schedule meeting what they're gonna do with Steve Cain
You know we talked about it all yesterday. Who?
Cain
We don't mention him anymore. That's right. We don't recognize him. That's okay. Yeah
Just refer to him as the Desisto school host
Can't wait for how to raise your children and make them hate your guts just run around in front of them naked all day that's all
I can't wait for his wrestling shows. Oh, yeah, those would be your favorites. Yeah anyway
Part of the part of the queens and tights running around that's great
Go ahead. I'm sorry part
Part of the media why can't you ever get these things out? We invite you to come on here and you go on and on and
Get into everything except the meat of the matter. Why can't you ever get to the point?
You're one of the biggest obfuscators you just dropped this smoke screen this cloud
Right and hang it over the truth
I just come and write out and delaying it on the line and being a concise and precise
Specific do like they do in the newsroom, you know
You remember the newsroom we used to have all those people in there taking a salary
You know me of course. I'm trying to get rid of all those people. That's the latest rumor. It's all his fault
He hates the news
It feels to be like I love
And I love hearing that news over and over and over again
I love it when they get on the year and laugh a lot. What is that if you got the new sounder? No, don't do that
Wait until about 159 and crank it up full blast open the pot wide open
The teletype. Oh, you've got the old teletype. Is that come back or is that the new teletype the new one?
Forget it. I want to hear fingernail scratching on the blackboard. I'll do my own on this blackboard
Now get to it will you please what is it that you want to tell us spit it out a part troublemaker of the meeting that they had yesterday?
Oh, had the WIOK. All right. Let's first of all
Let's realize that the people who are listening now even though this audience is pretty loyal although today they're that's so great
But you know there there are a lot of the time, but they're not just listening, you know, they're listening to their life
It's just a radio show so so it's not my life in like two sentences. So we recap yesterday
You can do 10 sentences. I don't care. We got 29 minutes ago
We told her he's got a great guest today by the way Ernie's got um who is that guy?
Fred Altcocker
Oh
Rolly old prunes out there and he's gonna pick on old people again today look out
He's gonna do a number on you. They're gonna send you back your metamusel from last week. They're gonna be so upset
And you ought to see what's gonna be in it a
Free sample
Okay, I'm sorry. I'm useful. Let's get serious. He did a show. He did five hours on
I know being buried in metamusel or something
You wanted to be packed in metamusel you should have seen we come in this morning and there's a mic stand
This big grotesque
Like a like a crane, you know with a mic on the end like crane you know like you put on
No, that was just like you put on a filter fish crane
Through the row of these scientific
They're like that hook on that into the table
You notice how Rick Edwards put these four holes in the table and it was this big ugly
It's like really a lamp is it the same measure as he has no
Diamonds is like a lamp. Oh who put a who's putting on this yesterday?
There's a big electronic microphone and maniac Rick Edwards the corporate chief engineer
It's called job justification when he comes in the town. He's got to mess up something or they you know
They don't know what he's doing on the payroll. We've been wondering for a long time what he's doing on the payroll
Is he still on the face?
Millions over in the panelist's part check the Saturday morning list
They spend millions over in panelists park to improve the signal and somebody over there
I don't want to mention Bob's name told me that all the signal now goes into the bay
They're big in purpose in dolphins in Tampa Bayman or number one
They're number 16 in the market
Out of out of and the fish don't even listen on purpose. It's the only thing that they can pick up
Go ahead. I'm sorry. Now recapping yesterday
We gave all the remember what all these people are waiting on hold for because the chances of my speaking to them slim and none
They're waiting for my show perhaps hopefully yeah all those old bags are waiting Fred off-cockers going to be on today talking about the single hood
It's Delray calls probably long distance. Are you long distance?
Delray
Hello, yeah, there's nothing but a click there. There's nobody there
Let me handle the phone. Okay. Don't start. He just won't leave any
He's always got to get his fingers and everything else. You notice that
You're just a Yenta just a roving Yenta
He had a 40-minute conversation off the air with fruitcake. I did not know all about it
I hope Mark Hune is listening. I did not mark. Yeah. Yes, he did. I do know everything
I he told him that our lean was gonna be a lot of injury or Lawrence's office over the weekend to see if we can't
Commer down told her everything. Yeah told her everything. Yeah, I
Did not
Why are you saying that I didn't just for the height? Yeah, I know because you're a Yenta
We're trying to cure you of this compulsive gossiping right your incredible. No, it's true. You now admit it
What you have a problem a problem? Yes?
With what you're compulsive you just chronic I
Can't help it yesterday Ernie sat right in the you were in the same two chair during a break
And Ernie said am I still gonna be here after this weekend and you just started
Is it true he is a master off his skater. Yeah
Is that is that I like to say on me? Okay, they would call it a liar if they were referring to the president
But in your case we're trying to be nice
Call it obfuscation. Why do you think people tell me all these things and I don't even know you're gonna repeat them?
I know it's just an accident so they just accidentally he just bumps into information
He can't get out of the way of it quite a bit of turmoil and radio yesterday. Oh, yeah
Well, I know that well that wasn't my well that was I was I
In fact even now I disavow any of the rumors you're gonna hear about 20 minutes from now me to
But let's hear him anyway. I did about one of first we have a commercial break to do which will kill three minutes
I'll thank God and then Ernie is gonna come along with well, that's true Glenn
20 minutes before two I'm telling you we got all these paranoid old bags all these bitties out there in the audience all these
Yenthas and of course you might have talking to them because that's where you get most of your information
You're next I thought I thought I got rid of Kathy West to get you in here isn't that the popular rumor?
Yeah, the Yenthas. Yeah from those old bitties with all their old wives tales. Did you see Linda Thornton was
Altabobochkees. Oh somebody was just asking me that he was on with on web most complimentary about Neil Roger
She said you're the first AM talk host that has actually brought young people to AM radio and that the ratings are fantastic
Never know it today just glowing glowing reports and never mentioned my name once but in Don website Don Web said
Gee, that's nice
Was he a talk host in this he is
W. Oh, are you serious? He's been fired and rehired so many times
But he got them out. Yes, he didn't what hours he's overnight on a weekend like one to five in the morning
When everybody's sleeping I guess I did he did overnight when Craig Worthing was doing afternoons
This is an exciting industry. You know so much about it too, Ernie
Yeah, Don Web is talk about pseudo intellectual he brings in a rojeste Sauris
I'm serious and sees how many big words he can use he doesn't even understand what they mean and then there was a
Well, hello, there was a woman on this show last night with you
You know who she was that that was doing the interviews that she was screaming at her guests just literally screaming at them
Some reason Meredith Verdi is that Yoshi? Yeah, that's Don's very pretty lady. Yeah, Meredith Verdi
That's Don's what he's not really assistant. No, it's just his partner. But Linda was most complimentary
What is going on here? We're having a private Tata. Hey. Oh boy. What is it Tata? Tati? Have you ever been to a Tata?
Not this year bagel and luxe breakfast things like that never been to a Tata. Hey, you know who that was now your friend
Oh, what why do you call him that food cake? I know him about his
I'm calling you Sergeant why should Metro on Monday? And I'm gonna your friend is gonna be real busy for the next couple of months
I would like to better go on his vacation real soon
He is
He's a witch he is what he knows he knows what's going on and if he says something
I don't question him for one moment. What did he say see there he goes? What did he say? Yenth the young he said Glenn Hill is the one that gave me all the information
He did not say that
Did is that what he said no he did not
You know what the plural of yenth is Glenn no, Adassa
That kind of was Ernie that said that
Where you're finished the Jewish guy right yeah
Why why did you ask for my magazine by the way any special?
Is it Cosmo? Yeah, it said I had something in here when I want to see that is that got some naked breasts in it
Yeah, absolutely the June issue of cosp and I tried to do a whole show on it yesterday, but I had no takers
Look at that
These are the girls that need to enhance themselves would you believe?
How to build a better this is the magazine a little better Maustra. Yeah, this was the magazine take that was the caption under the Pat Boone picture
How to build a better Maustra while it's that's about the size of it
This magazine was taken out the shelves at several public supermarkets and Windixi along with the saline
Oh, this is
Yeah, never mind
Are you gonna tell us the room was gonna go cross for them a piece to get into my show
Which is too exciting to even bother with they go just make you with this there a couple of their three pair of breasts
Yeah, they come in pairs generally. It's
Yeah, I
See that pair on the ground here too. Yeah
But I see any reason would you stop
In public because of that you've got a leaf through a desperately to find it first of all so what difference?
Well, you know this have the magazine on the shelf understand you would have to look through it
Close my copy automatically opens to those pages. Oh
You wanted these oh
Fanatical you wanted to look at the commercial
I'll show you
You don't have time to leave through there you you're gonna be of Marie Kappel where you were yesterday
We were starting all this we were getting all the
The gods of the rumors that we heard not from fruitcake at all did not come from
Turning into a real you know he was right on a borderline. You know of really
Really were except we were about to accept him into our hearts in our minds and
Every time you're on the verge of doing that he just absolutely can't control himself
I love to give him credit. I love to call it. Oh, it's Ken Blatt. You know that you know the
Need serious. I heard him on that with Dr. Meltzer the other night. Did you hear him?
He had a minute two fifty that
Meltzer going for about a half an hour and I don't think Meltzer ever realized
He was the most real fun like terminal cancer here
So yes picking up where you left off 20 minutes ago. We gave all the rumors yesterday
You were here for part of it Ernie. I got all the room. That's right. Yeah, but new W I O D lineup when when what's his name joins him in July
Right and we said something about Miss Patens
I'm trying to leave him her contact expires. I think July 11. I like that July 9
Yeah, and Mike Miller will be gone got them all upset over there Mike Miller's going where
PLP
Taking Bob Lashenner's place. Okay. These are real rumors. Well, Noah really rolling
Well anyway, as I understand it part of the big strategy meeting they had over there yesterday at W I O D
Part of the discussion Neil was they wanted to put Sandy on
With Rennery in the morning a two-person show and
Rennery sugar cookie. Oh Michael Schuster. Henry hit the ceiling. Yeah, I imagine it's retin to quit
He must be having a nervous breakdown just having to do nine to ten again. Yeah, I'm threatened to quit if they put her on with him
That's the latest. Yeah, so they're not
If you will not go on and do the morning. What about the snooze story? Well, no, wait a minute
But what about the rest of the lineup the rest of the story is Paul Harvey would say well
We cover that yesterday as what's his name Steve will do 10 to 2
10 to 2 and what's his name Paul Lyle?
I don't believe that will do to even Mike Anthony's not that stupid was Paul Lyle
He's Paul Lyle has been all makes Ron saxon like water cron kite. Okay. Where is he now?
Financial just as he fills in he does financial news. He's got a just a terrible voice
No personality. He's pathetic. Perfect for I O D
Yeah
Like I said well, he has been offered the two to six shift in the afternoon
By whom by fruitcake
Fruitcake called him up at home last week. Oh, this is a true story. No, he did yes
He did and he said you better be prepared Paul Lyle
Oh, I said you better be prepared to do two to six. They're gonna offer you the job
I handed this that's that part is true
I know that for a fact and he can deny it from here till the end of time. I know it's true
Because I was sitting there in Paul's house when the call came in
And then from six till then they had the sports thing sports talker five
Color our so we always gonna be trapped there at night. Yeah from 11 to three whatever from whenever the ballgame ends until three in the morning
Yeah, and what about snooze what is the end of lineup? Oh wait a minute. Let's do our last break
It's 12 minutes before two here on yenta USA and we'll come right back
All right
Okay, everybody get ready stick your finger deep in your throat and let's go
But the soul with no knowledge
Even though I'll run tell her it's not all of me shows
Then there's the foul
Whose show gets worse by the hour
It's hard to figure out which way I'll and we go
Oh
Okay, that's enough get rid of that okay the embarrassment factor is too great
Okay, when we left you last here on yenta USA
Can you imagine this gonna be bigger than entertainment tonight?
Good be could be
Huh he he doesn't have the legs of what it was ringing did we miss it?
Must have been that psychotic kid again. Okay. I'm sorry when we left during the break you were right where
You were at Paul Lyle's house in the living room now you while fruitcake was calling that was interfering in business again, you know, right
Boy, I'm telling you what a great science. Joseph Gackie. That could be I guarantee one thing
Joseph Gackie is prepared to pay serious money for that kid's home address
And I have a fruitcake is like the master control behind all of the AM stations
And he's just playing with us like ponds like toys, you know, let's see. I think I'll move this guy here
And his mind he is no question doing it. He knows he knows before the people in the show
Zagaki would pay serious money for that child's home address show. I got it too and Joe has all of that sports equipment
You know like hockey sticks and baseball bats
I love them back on those masks like Jason. Yeah exactly right in the 13th part 72
That'll that's what Joe looks like when he heads down to get that what fruitcake looks like
Boy, I'm telling you this market only in Miami, you know, I know that's master
About who where else do you have this act of a talk show market that should do here
There's no place in the world that has what we go up going on in Miami
Three three English speaking for a spaniol
Yeah, that's true
Okay, now where were you he was telling you were in Paul Lyle living in Paul was saying if you just cough up a few more bucks
I was not
That was it. That was all the new rumor already told it, you know about to Sandy and
What you were about to tell us about snooze. Oh well W snooze just remember that Sandy could easily pop up on W snooze
You know Lee's been after her for a while. So we hear yeah, and I and and I don't know just uh just myself personally
I wouldn't be surprised to see Mike Miller go over there, but that's I've been hurting are you serious? I haven't heard anything
Mike Miller read W snooze. I have a feeling he may have talked to he may have talked to our call letters to W lose
I wonder if WLS in Chicago would give up their call letters W lose
Of course, they're already doing that. Yeah. No, I don't know
That that's that's just ladies gave to love to get them up so let's WKAT is anything happening. Oh, yeah
Let's do it. Let's do about five minutes on that any a Jack McDermott. I ripped him this morning. Did you know I I uh read
Tom's column this morning in its entire you know stand a music man is a nice guy
Yeah, and he he's got plenty of money
He doesn't need that grief over there and Jack McDermott allegedly involved in a charitable context
Just a fun thing and gets all been out of shape because he came in there was third
They were challenging one another and how much donation yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and totally forgot what it was all about
Yeah, and he goes to be a part of it really is and the thing of it is Jack McDermott is such a jerk to begin with nobody even knows who he is
You know, he called me and you know said he was against you're so far. Can't wait. He agreed with the FCC
That's as you were he's at right there. He's an idiot. He's a jerk. I'm more on a douche bag. Why don't you just say what you really feel now
He's a pretty good guy. Okay
He is a jerk. Yes, he is
Never call me again Jack don't call us Jack. We'll call you. Yeah, you jerk
Monk brain. Thank you. That doesn't that is a pretty good guy. That's an old fart
Is that it? You still have three minutes to go here for the psychotic headlines. Oh, we do a three more minutes to fill
Oh wait, this is how we did five minutes of psychotic headline
God, I'm I'm having my show interrupted by a horse race today. Oh, yeah, you're belly aching about that
I told it out of your reason for that because Ali she was an Arab horse
Some horse race name was saw she but then you'd be all excited about
Some horse races interrupting earning show. Yeah, some well I don't mind the third
Triple crown. Where's all the Bellmont message?
I'm really not into horse racing. I never have been you know you and Tony SIGRETA would get along well
You're upset with tennis that's all you know is from tennis but only to what to play it
I don't even enjoy watching it. It's I just don't enjoy sitting back watching
tennis or or even basketball everyone's all excited about this
I'm excited about it. I'm just glad to see the Celtics lose. Yeah, that's the only thing that oh that you're upset
Well, that's Ernie. I love tennis. Yeah, it's like the oh I'm like you. It's like the only sport. I can really get into you know
I know I am well. I enjoyed the horses too. Well, I do enjoy the horses the horses are all like a thing of mission
Camille. You know he changes
Oh, I do not as you know he walks into a green room
Face turns green
And he walked into a brown room here in the studio. I turned brown. Which I incredible is a tongue turn brown
I do enjoy the horses. You're like Mike Miller. You got a brown tongue. Don't even kid about that. Don't compare me to Mike Miller
Why you got about the same amount of hair
True
Oh, God is a matter of fact if you ever seen Glenn and Mike Miller together in the same room never forget never you don't think that oh boy
Would that be something?
It's like a Clark Kent disguise he puts on when he puts the glasses on he's
Glenn Hill we were wondering what you made
No, we know okay. Tell us about steak and shake going out of business. Oh, right. Oh, God
Yeah, tell me that all the godfathers have gone out of business. Then I'll know
Are they really yeah, that I scooped you on that one Glenn. Yeah
Apparently the godfathers are still open from
All right, did we get some calls about that?
They got some wrong calls. Oh, okay. That's fruit cake. He probably into that. Oh, yeah. Oh, he owns a godfathers
I'm telling you master control for all. Yeah, you ever see those science fiction movies or everyone wants to
