And this is Tim Baker.
Thanks for being the call.
It's fine, thank you.
Here we are talking, of course, about the file we'll take over.
And I wonder how in the world did they get the board of directors to resign?
I mean, we had a wonderful board of directors.
Well, they told the board of directors that they would be liable for something, you know,
a lot on them, exactly what all they'd be liable for, but threaten them.
And, uh, scared the... they lights out of them.
Oh, don't say a joke.
And to me, that if they put a blue ribbon board in, a group of...
that I could choose that it would show good faith on my part.
I even had some directors to work with, to work with the headings of them.
Yes, we had chosen...
Yeah, we had chosen Pat Boone, we had chosen...
And, uh...
Uh, I'm...
I'm on that new board.
That's on bar.
That's on bar.
And...
But...
I think it's...
No, no, the board...
Maybe before, even it was a nearly form, it would already change from what I had said up.
I think I had not told you that before.
I would have allegiance to... to during fall.
Do you hear what?
He swept our board and made our board fright.
That's what he did.
And then the other ones were so...
It's made by what was going on...
...that the people who were loyal to us.
Oh, am I touched?
Aren't you touched?
I feel like I've been touched by the hand of the Lord.
Or by Gina's hand, as the case may be, Gina will touch both of you,
and she goes out.
Islander.
Hi.
Tell us about Joey.
Let's hear all about this.
We want to give you an opportunity to straighten the story out,
because we know that people like to twist and manipulate and distort the truth.
That guy who caused you was wrong.
He was absolutely wrong.
Do we call me off the cuff?
And I wasn't listening to this show, so I have no idea whether he was ripping me or what before he caused.
But...
You mean you weren't listening to Joey?
I wasn't.
Wow.
I requested the song he played in his show for a change.
Wow.
I mean, it was really important for seasons, which is a head of debt going on there.
It is the four seasons.
Didn't you hear me tell a story?
I thought that, but then I talked to...
...like different people.
I said no, it's not him.
Oh, boy.
Now, stick with me, Linda.
Basically, I don't know what happened before he called me,
but he said that why don't I write about him?
And I said, you gotta do something for...
...or write about him.
I should like jump off a building or something.
Yeah, that would be a good story.
Excellent.
Good suggestion.
So I tell them I don't write indiscriminately about DJs unless they really do something...
...no worthy.
So that was it.
That was like the whole phone call, and then he asked me to be on the show,
and I said, give me a couple weeks, because I have stuff going on.
I'm too busy.
That's all.
Good for you.
Too busy, too busy.
Big pressure moth.
So I'm gonna be on, I guess, eventually, but I can't be on at 6am.
I just can't get up at 6am.
In Davy, you're gonna drive to Davy at 6am, huh?
That's so hard to find that station.
God, are we behind the trailer park?
Yeah, even on the dial.
Your collar was a little bit misled.
The only thing that was true about that is that he kinda called me.
I had no idea what he said about me before he called.
And he kept me on the air for like 20 minutes, so I told him that you were giving him great publicity...
...by playing that song like every hour.
And what did he say?
He loved it. He played it for me.
Good.
Yeah.
So he wants you to do a column strictly about him.
Well, I told him he has to do something for us.
And I don't do a column strictly about somebody unless there's like a, you know,
it has to be a warrant for it.
It has to be something...
Or a warrant for him, yeah.
I think there are several outcomes.
No, that's...
I told him to be fair, because I'm on everybody's show.
When they asked me, that's all.
I've noticed that, Linda.
Well, it's getting to be too much.
She's becoming a regular super star, you know?
I'm saying that.
You never said it was too much, Linda, until you appeared on the Jeff Trial Show.
Well...
That was too much.
That was not very...
How did that go, by the way, because when I got off, you were already gone.
I cheated right in.
Kind of boring.
Really?
Well, you know why?
You didn't get the numbers.
And like, there was no lines lit.
Like, how's it going?
Ooh!
But that's the way it is on that show every day.
Every time I had called.
When I was on the show, I was just showing stuff to lines that I lit up.
So I thought that was weird.
Like they are now, yeah.
Well...
Now, Linda, let me ask you.
I mean, really?
Yeah.
You know, we're old friends, right?
Yeah, kind of.
Yeah.
Let me rephrase the statement.
Okay.
We've known each other for a long time.
That's much better, yeah.
All right.
Much better.
What?
Who's your favorite show to be on?
Of all the shows in the city?
Well, I've said what my favorite show is anyway.
The fact that I answered the phone thing, I know it's you.
Yeah, she's listening.
Yeah.
You know, I'm on my way out the door.
I have a two o'clock appointment, but I hung around waiting for you to call me.
Thank you, Linda.
It says it all.
Yeah.
Have a wonderful life.
That's it, indicate.
Okay.
All right.
I'll read the derg.
I'll see you later.
Bye-bye.
I think she summed it all up there.
Yeah.
Very nicely.
Okay.
Oh, I guess the guy in the mobile.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We you all, it's a wonderful story.
Uh, I can't really read, I can tell right now.
Place.
Where did that change?
Right, think it'll get up the water.
It's an award winner.
By the four listeners.
Come on, boys!
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Hi, boys!
I'm the baby!
Hi, baby!
I want you here as not some cops.
It's me and my brothers.
They're in that house.
You may be old, but we are not people.
Go by the name of the either SP.
My name is Max, and I was able to talk some of the world's specific B.A.
I'm at the bus.
I'm at the bus.
With me, you were never paid.
No.
Hotels, more tells, condominions.
Properly, Beverly Hills, even in the slums.
That they introduce you to.
Hit this dude on the scene.
Would you believe it goes by the name of Bank of France, Paul Stain?
Do it right now.
Do it right now.
Nobody ever could press him for him.
Sleeping here, Eddie.
Hey, Slimail, it's your turn.
Hey!
I got a no-ready, and a name is shame.
I wouldn't call her a shrimp.
If we go at people, oftentimes,
confusion will be the good-year blimp.
I got a son who's a doctor,
a van who's a boy, and a van who's a turbo bump.
He put a candle on three mile islands.
Hey, how could he be so dumb?
Now, I got him by mistake.
I put him through college, even took a second job at night.
Got the hall light, hit for all my kids.
Do you think they even write?
Now let me in for those shit, too.
They're smolving all that dope.
It's no big deal.
He's just a slum in whose name is your fifth adjoe.
Take it away, your slum.
And the ever-bilty ends to eat in a food that tastes like zvek.
She uses so much oil.
You think she bites for a peck?
She makes chap liver that runs like liver and a mutzi-bals-reddy-a.
And every time you blink your eyes,
she puts mums, you've done your plate.
So your therler, that's your stuff,
is a goose, and she says,
that's okay.
And see if otherwise care if you don't eat.
So I slayed in the kitchen all day.
Everybody's shing ho, tells mums, tells condominiums.
Home, have a tea, and barely yields in my own,
it in the slums.
Home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home.
Okay, there they go.
And on Sucka Snowless, this is the Festival of Fruit.
Have you strung your fruit yet this morning?
Working on it.
Okay.
It's a tenon, it's past tenon, at the WINZ.
And I'm really, I feel very bad about the Amy having to depart there,
because she's wonderful and Amy, we're sorry.
What can we say?
Amy Huggins.
Amy Huggins from Channel Four.
Is your mic on?
Yeah.
Okay, you're positive.
Yeah.
We stuff again.
And there's still going to be in the building only at the other end of the building,
starting Monday morning on FM on Zeta.
And of course, Zeta has gone through some rocky times.
It's like this morning.
Like this.
Is that the way you'd pray?
Well, I really wait till tomorrow morning when they have that,
what are they going to call it?
The Great Breakfast Club assassination plot or something like that?
Yes.
Whatever it is.
And what's going to happen is that their caravan is going to be attacked by a runaway S
that hops out of the grassy knoll and just totally strikes them down
and renders them impotent.
And that's going to be kind of the end of the breakfast club.
But do we have no personal action?
In fact, a couple of those people are still going to be working here, right?
In the building.
Yeah.
Dave Capri, is going to be doing weekends on Zeta?
Is that what he said?
That's correct.
And Scott, of course, is going to be in the afternoon, which ought to be pleased about.
It should be.
But after he came in here in Moundus, we're not going to promote him.
I'll tell you that.
No.
But anyway, we're going to be on 6 to 10 in the morning on Zeta, 94.9.
See, now we can start saying that with a certain degree of something.
That's right.
And there are going to be obviously some changes over here, right?
Obviously.
One would think, you're not going to still do this show.
No.
In addition.
It's amazing the number of people who have said to me like in the last 24 hours
when I've discussed this, now that it's all out of the closet.
Oh, in other words, you're going to do 6 to 10 on FM and 10 to 2 on AM.
And now those people, in addition to needing a lobotomy, I mean, what are they talking about?
Yeah.
They say to me, is this in addition?
Yeah.
That's the way they put it.
Right.
Or is this in place of?
Yeah.
Let me tell you now, it is instead of this show.
Instead of this show.
This show will be here.
Now, this show will still be here with a different host.
Jay Michaels is going to be here from 10 to 2 every day.
And of course, Jay is a radio veteran, according to that memo.
I wonder if he likes that word veteran, makes him sound like a real old timer.
Did you know what I'm saying?
Well, not that old.
But anyway, Jay Michaels is going to be here in Jay.
He was just telling me only moments ago that he is not into issues.
He's not issue oriented.
He's an entertainer.
And so I would imagine it's still going to be an entertaining show.
And of course, Stan will still be on from 2 to 6, trolling for whatever.
Yeah.
And that will be what's going on on the A.M.
So to recap, recap as we send shock waves through the community.
We are.
You betcha.
Schlock waves.
Now, this is not shock radio.
We're going to be doing the same show.
Okay.
It's not going to be a music show.
It's not going to be here.
We're not going to play 16 in a row on Zato.
Okay.
That's basically the same thing that we've been doing.
It's going to be a talk show on F.M.
I know that there are some people maybe even in the building who would recoil at putting it in those terms.
Don't you think?
If I said talk show on F.M.
Like who, for example.
Well, I don't want to mention any names because everything is going so well.
But you know, there are some people who kind of resist that.
But it will be a talk show on F.M.
And we might play one or two records an hour.
Or maybe some hours one.
Maybe some hours none.
Just like now.
All the penning of what the hell we want to do.
It's like now.
Right. And Lee Gillette's going to be on with us.
And of course, we have a little surprise for Lee that he's not a new nickname for him.
But we ought to give him an idea that most of them know who Lee Gillette is because you've had him in here.
Sure.
Embarrassing him something fierce.
I used to work on that.
I worked on it.
I worked on it.
That's just unbelievable.
And now, I'll continue with Neil Rogers' sweep.
16 Neil Rogers in a row without music.
Phone call.
Commercial.
Or Glen Hill interruption.
Thank God.
94.
W.I.
And C.
And of course, we figured we have Lee and her to kind of butcher up the show a little bit.
Oh, absolutely.
So we can run the full gamut now, the full spectrum.
Right.
What I'll be on one end, and he'll be on the other end of the spectrum.
And you'll be like in the middle, like ambiguous.
As usual.
Like nobody can figure out what this is.
About ambivalent.
ambivalent.
But Lee and I used to work together when I used to work on the F.M.
The first time I worked on it.
How exciting.
I'm sure the audience is very thrilled to know that.
I'm sure everyone remembers.
Because if we have to take the rest of the show to tell about everybody you've worked with
and all your old friends in radio.
Well, not only will all the radio be in the off-position, but the whole city might be in a off-position.
By the way, speaking of Stan, we had at Mr. Lee's last night in Sunrise.
Pine Island Road and Oakland Park Boulevard.
Excellent Chinese.
I've talked about it for many, many months.
It was seven o'clock.
There was one other couple in there.
I mean, there's nobody in there.
And I'm beginning to wonder what's going on in this town.
I mean, food was sensational.
In fact, Stan got Sesame Beef, which was really, they made special for them.
Nobody.
Ghost town.
The whole town looks like a ghost town.
So maybe it's a good thing we're going to F.M.
We might be able to find some living and breathing people over there.
Maybe.
Yeah.
And you know, there are a lot of advantages to being on F.M.
One of them being, of course, the fact that you don't get the crackling and popping and puking
and even inside of a building, you can hear the F.M., which is frightening.
You know, I want to start knocking the A.M.
Now, because that would be unfair, because the station does have a 43,000 watt signal during the daytime.
It's supposed to be 50, but the memo keeps saying 43,000.
But A.M. does have this advantage.
We gave it a higher building.
You gave it another 7,000 watts to the F.M. didn't we?
Yeah, they're 107,000 now, I think.
Don't tell the commission that, because they're not supposed to be.
I think it's temporary.
Yeah.
I'll just to give us off to a good star.
As we were starting with a handicap, you don't understand that.
What's that?
Two in the morning and find out.
Okay, 10, 19, it wins.
We'll come back and we'll kind of clarify all of this for you.
For those of you who are still all the radio people who want, you know, if anybody in the business calls in, has any questions?
Oh, they may be more than happy to answer them for you.
All are radio.
You think they're going to call in all of your radio.
Maybe Jerry Sullivan would like to call in and explain why he hasn't called Bill Calderback to loan him a book.
Good happen.
You think he would?
I don't want to dwell on that, Jerry, but you know, it's a little embarrassing when you owe somebody something and you've been kind of
co-conspirator and getting them in a desperate situation and then you turn your back as if you can't face them.
That happens in this business over and over again.
Yeah.
Because I was telling you the story this morning and you kind of knew ahead of time what the pieces of the puzzle work.
That's the way this business is.
And that's why I keep warning all the young people who keep threatening to get into this business.
Don't do it.
Trust me.
Don't do it.
Ever.
Hello.
Winds.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Boy, they're desperate to get through this morning.
Are they even calling on a bat line?
I think that calls from Kendall.
You think so?
I have my suspicions.
I mean, our super child is not in school this morning.
He's never in school.
No, he's too busy.
He's made his whole-
Of course.
I wonder what the title will be.
Okay, let's take these calls.
What do you say?
Let's give the numbers out in date 624-9400.
And in Broward, 524-9400.
It'll be interesting to see how many of our people-
See, I imagine that a lot of you folks who are working people who like have to sneak a listen here and there.
We'll have a lot more time to listen in the morning.
Even though it'll be a different-
You won't be just sitting down and listening.
But, you know, as you're shaving, especially you women.
As you're shaving in the morning and driving-
Getting ready and doing all that stuff.
You have the radio on in the house and then as you're driving to work.
And then you get in the office the first hour from 9 to 10.
Most people start working at 9, right?
Yeah.
And you'll be able to hear the FM inside the building amazingly enough.
Thank you.
I'll leave the call to the-
Lee Fowler probably call us.
Well, please, okay.
Don't knock Lee boy.
Nobody takes a poll like he does.
I miss Lee.
No.
I know.
I will say this.
I want to say this in all fairness because Lee and I never saw-
And he was a disaster as a talk show host.
But he did call Bill Calder yesterday and, you know,
Give him a little tip on some job or something.
And at least, you know, is nice enough to care.
That's good to hear about somebody in the business
Who's been really screwed over royally.
And, you know, arguably something for that good.
There may be some humanity there after all.
It's good. Well, maybe.
As opposed to some people like Jerry Sullivan made it for you.
I don't want to keep mentioning his name.
You know, I don't want to rub it in.
I don't want to dig and tear.
You know what I'm saying?
But come on, Jerry.
You know, the SRDS.
I mean, that's a book.
Okay.
It's like a book.
Right?
Standard rate and data.
Like, if you want to buy some spots in, uh, what, Bethlehem PA or something.
You mean like Bill could have just zero out.
Do we want to buy some spots in Bethlehem PA?
Why not?
Let's promote it big.
We could be big in Bethlehem PA.
You never know.
No.
It's going to be interesting.
The first call, you think it's going to be a celebrity or not?
No.
No.
From Hollywood?
Never know.
Hollywood, hello.
I knew.
Happy Sukus, please.
Hey, it is a celebrity.
Your whole story was blown on the Channel 6 news at 10 o'clock last night.
Really?
It was.
They even had a good.
You and they told about you going on the FM, going to be the first talk host program in the area on FM.
Where did they get that from, I wonder?
I don't know where they got the photo from.
No, he's laughing up.
Didn't get it from me.
I don't know anybody at Channel 6 that speaks to me.
They had it down there.
I don't lie.
Even Mark Dedino doesn't speak.
It only took us two months to get him that jacket.
You know, it's like he speaks to us anymore.
And while I'm on, I have a little news for the bird.
Has he seen mosquito coats?
No.
Oh, you got to see a river scenic in it and he's swimming.
Oh, here we go again.
When this is underwear again and a dirty old river.
It is like six years old or something.
Don't you understand?
We're not into that stuff on this show.
Why are you telling that to me?
Because you're a pervert.
That's why he's telling it to you.
We all know he's a pervert.
Oh, look at that.
Press conference over.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute, sir.
Don't get bent out of shape now.
Press conference for all TV stations at 3pm this afternoon.
Here, right?
Here.
So I'm just telling you that.
So you can watch something other than Channel 6.
Okay?
Right.
Thanks a lot.
Let's wait a little.
Look for it to your show on FM.
Thank you.
Great.
That was worth a little bit.
Well, there's our first listener.
Should we write them down like the ones who are going to listen in the morning?
Like, take pledges.
Because that's a big improvement over what's going on up there now.
Just a little joke.
You know, I mean, they're ripping the hell out of us.
Something fears up there.
Something frantically.
Jeff Chase came up to me and shook my hand and congratulated me and wished me the best morning.
Good.
And we wish him the best, sure.
Right?
Absolutely.
All of them.
All of who?
All of the people.
Okay.
Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is it going to be the same time slot?
Ten o'clock.
Sir, can I ask you a question?
You have wax in your ears?
Didn't I say six to 10 a.m. or you weren't listening?
You were kind of.
Just a Neil.
Dozing off.
It was in such shock that it was the one right through.
Six to 10 a.m.
Like morning drive, you know, like when real living and breathing people listen to the radio.
Well, this is your friend from Cellular wholesalers.
Yes.
Now that you're going to be bombarded probably with a lot of morning people like
sunny Fox probably calling you up to join your crew.
Yeah, sunny you'll probably call us every morning.
I would imagine Annie watching the reaches.
And you know what you're doing.
The whole entire entire entire entire entire entire effort.
I want to sit and set up an installation today.
Great.
Well, I'll be here.
Okay.
Well, let me ask your question.
We also want to bring in lunch, but a healthy lunch.
We want to start you off on a new year's
Look is what a healthy lunch no pizza. I want to go to a nice health restaurant and get you some good salad dishes
Great excellent wonderful that takes care of suckers. Yeah, okay
Well, I'm gonna bring in the boys and
How about 12 o'clock?
Excellent. We'll be looking for wood baited breath. What we?
Bells and by the way, there are a lot of hungry people in this building. I just mentioned that in passing
How many well?
Whatever you bring will be fine, you know
Okay, Neil. We'll see you at 12 o'clock. Thanks a lot
Okay, bye-bye. Okay, that'll be giant food scramble at noon. That takes care of lunch
Yeah, we have two open lines indeed. Look at that. That's not a very good omit is it they're probably all turning over to FM now
Get the feeling that some of them are a little slow like
What are they talking about?
I'm serious. I know you are and I think they are too Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. What's up, Gays? I mean guys? Oh
This guy real comedian. No, it's just a little joke just a little joke week real small lymph. You know what I mean?
Lymph listen, I want your what you're real small. Oh
I know that's kind of going around these days pal. Yeah, listen. I wanted to have bird something
He said he said that word ambivalent a little bit earlier
Yeah, that's like bisexual. No, it is well
He said ambivalent. Did he get I want to ask him if he got that from moonlighting?
No, I actually know words
In your whole camera that I remember my vocabulary that I don't get from TV
Excellent very good. Okay. I know it's hard to believe
Would you like me to throw another one at you? Well, let me ask you are you gonna be listening in the morning on FM me?
Yeah, yeah, the only thing I'm sad about is that you're not gonna be up against the in the same time slot as joy Reynolds
So you could blow them off the air. I am gonna be in the same time slot as joy Reynolds
So then he go from or you're gonna be from six to ten? Yes, maybe mean
Yeah, don't I have a little problem I guess articulating today. That's the word I picked up from moonlighting
6 a.m. To 10 a.m Monday through Friday five days only, but you know, you'll have to make do
So you're gonna blow them up the air. I mean well so to speak and ratings wise. Yeah, yeah
That's good. Yeah, I don't like them too much good. You have good taste sir. He makes funny. You know, I like it
Yeah, I'll screw him. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, because you seem you know, you seem to be a cool guy. I am you know
Cool dude, but still I know you're older. I'm very old
Well, what is it? You want to make a date? What is this? Oh, are you trying to make a date? No, no, I'm straight
Never stopped anybody before
You know, I have male friends that are friends of mine. I'll bet you know, yeah, so I really don't think that
Think you're a nice guy or a cool guy or anything and be asking you for a date
Right, that's true. It was just a joke like you're joke at the beginning of the call. Okay. I see it like evens itself out
Okay, we're using now. Okay. No, you sound like a great guy to me. Yeah, I'm my name is Tony. I'm
Like a brother. You're what? Oh, this is Adam's brother. He is a good guy. We spoke to Tony before. He's a great guy is a great
I like to be a guest sometime, but you know, well, it's gonna be a little difficult now
Yeah, you know a lot of people everybody wants to get on. Yeah, we'll give us a chance to get our feet wet over there
So that big you know, I'm that's what that's another thing. I wanted to sing. Yeah, I have like an eight hundred dollars stereo on my car great
Oh real nice and everything and the AM it just doesn't catch now it sucks and like in the car
I have to take it along a while. Well, you just wait man Zeta really sounds like an honest to God radio station
Oh, yeah, I hear it inside and stuff. Yeah, I can hear it inside that a miracle. Yeah, yeah, I'm inside like a real radio station
Huh, I said you really enjoy it. Well, listen Tony. It's great hearing from you give our best to Adam
Yeah
Why do you sound so dejected now me? Yeah, you sound like dejected yeah because like this call wasn't good for you or something
Because I you know, I was trying to give you the guilt trip about about because I want to be a guest and I and I tried to give you the guilt
By saying you know, but everybody wants to know I don't I was expecting you to say no, you can't you can't I promise you that what
I feel you know now I'm sad on the brub. Okay, let me just put it to you this way no chance
You feel better?
All right, um, you got a good razor blade. I can use it. Yeah, we'll send it right over. We'll slip it under the door
Slippin under the door take care of yourself Tony. All right. Bye-bye
Good job. And then of course Joey who'll be working in North, Tana Wanda bar tending wouldn't be something if he wound up working in a bar
And the group was the rock and rebels that was playing in the hall with would that be something?
Good luck. Because all those you know 50s and 60s groups are coming back now
Like in Eddie and the cruisers, which will be reviewing next hour by the way
Joey
Hello, it's a call from Davy how you doing? Hi, hi, uh
Congratulations gentlemen. Thank you. What are you uh cackling above?
Uh, I didn't hear you cut in on the phone. So I just uh, well we caught you in mid cackle. That was really good. Thank you. Thank you
Um
I was gonna say I
Wondering if you're gonna get any more material from your FM pals now. Isn't your gonna be
Absolutely. In fact, we expect everybody on the FM band now do that's obligatory
Because I'll be honest with you. The sunny hasn't sent us a damn thing other than the athletes foot post-carrier
Which are not too bad?
Uh, sunny hasn't sent us a tanner didn't send us any mostly did but tanner has sent us nothing right? I'm disgusted with right and we expect material from all the other
stations and I'll be honest with you
We got this eight billion dollar voice synthesizer in the back and what we'll do if they don't want to send us
They will just make it up and make it sound like them, you know great idea
Yeah, as a matter of fact
I put together a thing the other day myself with my voice on it
I want you to listen to this very carefully
With that with that expensive equipment and this is how it came out. It's a good time
Great. So these guys better look out because uh, we really got them on the run
Oh boy, I still try for Joey. He never should have bought that house with his salary
Anybody who's been fired as many times as Joey. I should know you never buy a house never tried to warn him
Yeah, we told you Joey
What's the uh the lineup gonna be after you on the FM?
Well, let's see Jeff guns are still gonna be on a 10 and the scott scottless year is gonna be on two to six
Yep, and the gene cashman will still be their six to ten and gene by the way has been playing and I'm this is gonna sound
Disingenuous
But I did say a tour when she was on with Stanley the other day playing much better music at night
They claimed that there has been no change
But I actually have heard some of those records before and then at 10 o'clock
Casey McCoy Casey McCoy
And in the moon man the moon man over the ha moon who uh Peter
Peter Moe whatever I call him Tom moon. Yeah, it's like
Yes, don't we know it Tom moon from somewhere Scott moon who was in here the other afternoon
Moaning for America good time for the moon man. Yeah, and that's it
And of course Peter moon has a lot spur time overnight puts on a lot of long cuts sure tracks through the CDs
And that goes into the eight track room and finds a little you know little bits that I've done and to put some money
Er, it's good nice job Peter. It's a track. Just remember you'll have to face us every morning Peter. That's right five a.m
It's six a.m. Whatever the hell it is. So what's the story on the a.m
It's Dan gonna stay over there stand will be here from two to six every afternoon like clockwork
Okay clockwork yep
You'll wind him up and he comes in that's exactly like Santa over here same thing same story
Try to control yourself. You're
You haven't figured out your decision have you no
All right, well, I'll just say goodbye then and I'll wait a minute and we can't do that. Who is this?
There's nobody famous
Is it somebody we're supposed to know?
Oh, you know me
Do I know who it is? Who is it?
You know who this is? I'm not saying it must be slow today. You don't know who you're gonna guess I do I'm gonna do
Okay, yeah, good time to get out who was it
Give me a hint. I'm gonna have to say it. I know is it something we can't say no
Well, don't give me a clue. It's no one famous. Give me a clue
Not that kid from Boka. Yeah, no
What is his name Eric Eric will be pleased to know on Zeta. We have a Boka line. That's right
We have theybroward and Boka lines on Zeta. Yeah, that's the word I want free free of charge. Mm-hmm. Wow. Won't that be something? That's great
We can say and I do our friends in Boka. I think that line covers Palm Beach
Some of my life. Yes, South South Palm Beach. Yeah, cuz Bokas in Palm Beach County like maybe over on Elton Road
Exactly in the beaches and of course we didn't want anybody to know but we I guess we have to live this out now
Cuz if Channel 6 got a clearance who does the helicopter reports and IOD will be joining us in the morning
Not on the air just for coffee and donut
We have a landing pad and a launching pad up on the roof now
That's what all that noise has been last couple of months even you didn't know that but they've been building a launching pad for the helicopter
The clearance stop by for you know a couple of bagels some cream cheese
He's a real goyishu kind of guy and we can't wait for that Miami. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Congratulations. Thank you
From what I have absorbed this morning, you're not going to be on Sundays anymore. Are you?
Your archaed listeners sir congratulations. You're not on Sunday anymore. Not anymore. No
So I imagine you've got to have the
increase
What is that? Oh, yeah, I got to get great paid extra for not working on Sunday
And the bird must have got some a couple extra bags of seed right little hearts mountain. There was a little cuddle bone in this box this morning. Finally. Yeah
And he's been clawing on it ever since asking and asking it after that
But they're they're coming through this guy started out spectacularly, but I think he's a love what is that love?
Club
Club
This guy you know how he degenerated he started out like a real good caller. I like it falling apart. Yeah, but I like it
Yeah, I like that
Excellent
Yeah, good. Keep it up listen. We got only three hours and eight minutes to go
Anything else is that it what say it again?
Haha
He was great. He was one of my favorite and before I hope we can count on him for a lot of calls in the morning. My Emmy Hello
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir and good morning Glenn. Good morning. Congratulations sir. Thank you so much. It was obvious
Yeah, it was obvious. I guess that's why I didn't come on here like with trumpets and all of that stuff everybody
I guess knew about it. Well the question is how long have you been running the radio station because this is not management's idea
This is definitely your idea. No believe it or not. It's their idea. You're kidding me. No
Well sooner or later everything becomes management's idea in other words you plant the seeds in about a year or two later
They wake up with the brain. They wake up with a brainstorm and everybody says aha
We knew that they'd come up with a great idea. Well, it's like move in Arlene Ross and Mike woke to the morning
There you go and it all still sounds like your idea
Somewhere back there any no, it's not my idea in fact
I never dreamed that they were going to ask me to do morning drive we had talked about
Cycle casting and doing the mid-day show on AM and FM. Yeah
I remember we're gonna do that a couple weeks ago and then
Well, yeah, and now I understand why they didn't want to do it because they didn't want to um
Cause any commotion tip their hat or whatever
So how does it feel to have two radio stations of AM type the entire Miami market?
Well, that'll be great. I guess like we can do a seven in the AM can do a three and that'll be great
Well, you don't think the AM is gonna drop that much to you
No, I'm just that's just a little joke, you know
No, it's it's gonna pick up all the rest can be fantastic. What I'm an athlete and must be a good feeling for you all it certainly is
Fantastic you got it there looking forward to hearing you thanks a lot. Oh, bye. Bye. Bye
Seven minutes before 11 at w.i.nz my favorite call of the morning so far was the
Shlub
Shlub no me too actually was a pretty funny color didn't realize that he was I guess he intended to be
I think that was unintentional humor the last part what even the beginning I guess yeah
Even the beginning he was pretty bizarre of course. He wasn't Davie. I think wasn't I don't remember probably calling from Joey's trunk
Okay, let's take our last break. We have another break boy. Oh boy. Oh, we better get used to this. We'll come right back
This is the Neal Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions
What's a question? Well, look at this gym skyler is on the line here
I can't believe it from hot 105 good morning, sir. Good morning. It's unbelievable. Yep, man
We want to congratulate you and G. We're real sorry, but we won't be providing you with any more material
Oh, come on Jim. What a bad sport. You know your stuff has been so good. You wouldn't want to stop getting it exposed
Would you well? Yeah, it's kind of indecent exposure in it
Well, I would say this we're not really gonna be competitors because your audience um
You know tends to skew a little ethnic do I is that a good way to put it? No, it's not no no
No, younger excuse younger. Yeah younger ethnic
Boy, we got both of them on there right now is Dan McKay on here too right here babe. Hey, how you doing?
Not bad. How are you? Well, you guys are doing a great job. I got an idea
Why don't we just corner the market? We'll promote your show and you'll promote ours
And then we just to get the whole audience, you know, I hear you man. Tell one of those other guys
Yeah, what's happening, baby
Was it you that we saw in oh, I can't believe it. Do you recognize that voice?
anywhere
I sure am with it you did the push the get us on the FM
Most of you impression of Wolver Fulman or Brian North Cross
Here's the hometown weather
For hot 105
No, you guys are not competitors. You got all those young ethnic
Rocking and rolling and scratching you doing all that scratch stuff
Well, you know, but if you scratch it will never heal
And you know the good part of the whole thing is the best part of the deal is that you guys get off at nine
So that'll give you a whole hour to listen to us every day and get material for the next morning
We can't listen to you for four hours and steal stuff. No, just for one hour a day from nine to ten
When you guys go well, what do they call it when they put that they have the thromo that goes under they say there's nobody alive
You're now and don't ever call it your after nine something like that. Yeah
But you guys you're doing a great job
Well, thank and I'm not saying that the hose you or anything else, but you really are you doing a sensational job
Yeah, as a matter of fact
The birch monthly that just came out showed us beating sunny fox for the first time
Well, that sounds good. I always like Tom Birch. You know what I'm saying anybody that's beating sunny
I makes me the birch a lot more credibility with me. So Jim you you're not going to do the Glen Hill disease
We were looking so forward to that. Well, it's a possibility. I don't know on that see now that the whole complexion of this phone call has changed
But when you guys picked up I was instructed see I'm the I'm the Glen Hill of this show
And and my boss told me call it new Rogers and tell him
Congratulations, but we're not providing it with any more material
Because it's competing with us now and then you know no sooner do we get on the radio that
My house and I want to talk to you about what is it me?
Now we don't have time for that rough on the news next hour
But we'll just a little preview of things to come whatever you can do Jim. Yeah, well, okay
Whatever little bits believe me will give you full credit fine. Okay. Great. We may have distorted a little bit in the synthesizer
But we'll see what we can do
In the words of
George Wallace you guys keep rocking will keep rolling
Thank you so much gentlemen
Evidence one four three have a wonderful life. Okay, there they go
Unbelievable. Okay, here he comes mr. Humor now and the good humor man
Mykulfis here with local and area news headlines world news from CBS including every spot in the rack at 11
And then we'll come back at 1106 with more celebrities as we celebrate here on wins
Hey, yo man
My house and I want to talk to you about what he didn't mean to be close in here now
Yeah, I'm gonna put it this way. Yeah, wasn't you who did the push and put the stains upon the cushion?
Footprints on the dashboard upside down
Hey, what wasn't you you rock oh build in messing with my daughter Jill if it was you'd better leave this town
Well, yeah
I did the pushing put this thing to phone your cushion put wins on your dashboard upside down
Yeah
Yeah, but since the missing with your daughter I've had trouble passing water so I guess we're even all around
Why you come over here
All right, I want to know one thing is tomorrow gonna be a low-half Friday on Zeta
Come on
It's 1108 at w.i.nz the male what a mountain of male today, huh?
Like a purple mountains majesty those guys at howin oh five are good, you know what they're very very funny
They are I'm not just saying that because it's always funny now speaking of funny
I have something here which uh Dennis from Atlantic advertising brought by
Something I had missed probably because I don't read the herald
An ad that you might be interested in
Birds and exotic pets dr. Terry parrot
owner
Dr. Parrot dr. Parrot
uh
Not poly parrot but Terry parrot owner of Pembroke Park animal clinic. I'll listen today is Thursday, right? Yes
I had to look at the log to make sure
Every Thursday is bird sexing day
Know your bird's
sex it says
So they is not only no repeat Thursday. It is bird sexing Thursday also. I didn't know that
That boy is that appropriate for this show because we've been wondering
Shaking our heads in this May and wondering for months. So let's keep that handy
We might even call Terry parrot a little bit later on fort lauderdale. Hello. Hello. How good you?
How you doing on circus? Yes, sir?
You get the suki built this morning or the one the suki, you know the little hot behind the house
Suki yeah, what is this man talking about are you speaking english?
Buenos dias
Thank you on the move upstairs
I get or downstairs
Or across the hall up front up on okay near the exit
Same show. It's the same show sir. It's a talk show
Normally speaking is this a talk show every day I usually want to talk to you
Floor and I'm worried about the fact that I'm going to be driving into work now in the morning and
I'm the dance board. Yeah, right
But
I'll be honest with you there. I hope you'll call us in the morning because boy
This is really make people jump up out of bed if they hear a call like this. Yeah better than an alarm clock
Serious I just I can't wanted to say congratulations and we've been listening to show here at work
Last couple of months now and
Fighted very enjoyable excellent and that the only other thing I was
Conserved with though is that you got to be careful about playing the Joey theme too much. Yeah
Somebody turns on of the the dial there and here's the Joey theme. They may look for another station
Yeah, either that or they'll feel like they're in Buffalo
Well, listen we'll be looking for you. We can count on you right sir
Okay, thank you. Thanks a lot. Okay, we're up to about five listeners now for the FM show on Zeta
And it's interesting to me six to 10 a.m. Is that confusing? Well, I did because Mark just asked me
What time I was gonna be on we said morning drive and is that six to 10 a.m.? I mean isn't that what they told us most markets
Yeah, six to ten in the morning
Six to ten a.m. I guess is in the book isn't it? Yeah
Generally what I thought the morning drive time I just because they're gonna put Mike in our lean on from five thirty to ten
You know, that's the way it is in a.m. Radio. You got to squeeze all the blood you can yeah
Boy, this is looking at this male here a little on the desperate side of the mobile
Mobile, yeah, how you doing? How you doing? Okay, Nail. We got a problem here. What is it? We go down the intercoast
So we got to send your ship okay every day we turn y'all our gifts very upset really
He has nothing to do now between the nine and twelve. Well given what do you mean between nine and twelve?
I'm gonna be on from nine to ten that's right
Well, I'm 10 to 12 nothing to do in fact we go to the house on day all every single day
And we put the show into loud speakers. Be as the condo really
What can I tell what tape it and replay it for those who missed it for those who are just getting up
Tap it and replay it captain think the captain wants to say hello to you here. Okay
Hi, how are you doing? Okay captain. How you doing pretty good? I thought I'm much out there at the
I'm sorry
Yeah, when are you gonna come to you one of these days when you least expected all right? You see a weekend free now, right? You bet
Okay, we'll be looking for it to have you on board the boat. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. We're gonna miss you
We're gonna tape you
You're gonna miss me you're gonna be up early in the morning you
You'll go
Yeah, great idea. That's a great idea. Okay. Thank you lot capin all right. Bye. Bye. He's solved his own problem
There was a capin
Yeah, a lot of cards today
Greetings to our guest. I'm just in the still a shock. What did they all the car say? Oh
I have goose bumps. It's like when the Pope was here and our Charleston was on channel 10
I have these goose bumps by flesh is just a goosey water hill. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. How are you good? That's a good luck. Thank you. All right time listen the first time call
Great and Neil
Day off. I'm Lee and on page 3 a.m. The Jewish journalist's morning
thought radio defamation and the great
doesn't my am even radio station W. I. and Z as a first amendment right to have a following is that six
the number six ridicule of the
Italy and ethnic minorities. Oh, yeah, right. Yeah, they got a great great sense of humor obviously
Yeah, I didn't know if you wanted me to mail it. Oh, I'd love to see that yet. We can do a whole bit on that
Yeah, and uh, well, I'll tell you I'm in the car. It's six o'clock every morning
That's 94.9 right? You got it right on the beam. Okay, buddy. What's the ration? I'm mail is
uh W ZTA
Yeah, Miami
33055
Okay, thanks a lot. Have a good circus. You too. Bye. Bye. And happy circus to us
Somebody in a payphone and ojus but just before I get to that
Just before I get to that I want to open this from e-mac and bullies
Stand and I stopped there after Mr. Lee's last night for dessert. Yeah, and the sousette was there and oh, they got a new flavor. They got blueberry now
Blueberry. Oh boy with a little marshmallow on top. It's enough to um, it's like a
Yeah, all this good. It's yet certificate. Beautiful. Thank you letter from our good friend
Thank you for the phenomenal publicity you and your staff have given us in the past month
Told you it takes a neck ring. It takes a while sometimes
This is nice. Now this is very nice. I told you that
Due to health reasons I was not able to get this. Thank you. No, I'll see. I told you that
Can thank you so much see it's only been it's not even been two weeks since we did that. Sometimes it takes
a couple weeks
Oh
Does now they're okay
Yeah, and sousette's okay and Michelle is oh, I like the show that's as far as I'm going okay
No, they have a new young lady that was their last night. It was very pleasant. Mm-hmm
But those guys now they're okay come on give them a break
They're all still there and they're working like crazy and they would love to do a scoop for you
Now, what is this I wonder from the Sun Sentinel
Models a hundred to five hundred dollars a day to stay in here's your chance
Babies kids teams adults. Oh boy better not read that on here. Okay. Here's a payphone in O's you. Hello
Good morning, Neil. How are things in Ojas sir? Oh, it's well. It's a little depressing
But I want to say good morning to Glenn also don't want to leave Glenn out why not
Well, he's become an integral part of your friend unfortunately. That's true. Yeah, we can't the we can't
Get them surgically removed. I missed you the other day Glenn just got in and you had gone and
Blue all my material and anyway, why what I wasn't here
Well, you hit you would either I didn't just before the show ended and you were helping stand do something or something
Oh, yeah, look for Don Johnson's phone number better earlier in the day that you would hope for a phone call from Ojas
So I had a call you know done wait a minute. Did you hear that?
That was a classic day no changes
Pow it's been a great year and I wish you guys a lot of luck. I'm gonna have to say goodbye. Why is that well? I work nights and you're
Oh, God
You're not in my schedule as well
Actually, it's good for me because now that my life isn't going to be revolving around your program
I'm gonna have time you know to do to go on and get a life
Yeah, get into some of my other endeavors like candy capping and things like that, you know, mm-hmm and
Anyway, I don't even even I don't even have anything funny to say that's good neither do we
We're saving it all we're not giving anymore lines on the a.m
You know we're gonna be on the FM payrolls. We're saving it all from Monday
Well, as I said have a very good one and I hope your next year is as good as this past one
Thanks a lot have a great life. It's a great wish. Okay 1118 at W.I. and Z and they want to thank lowest lane for
A really nice card. Oh, yeah, that's just a cute little joke just a joke. I remember her do you yeah the interior decorator
Right, we got a lot of interior decorators listen to the show. I think she's the only female. Let's 1118
It wins gonna take a little commercial break when we come back probably gonna have all kinds of celebrities calling it
They don't you think I'll probably build Tannaroll call it or the Greg bottle
As in puddlebone
Um Jerry Sullivan Jerry Sullivan will be calling probably sunny fog now sunny
This is one of the days we would put sunny on wouldn't we rare you betcha so if sunny wants to get it on that move along
We'll put them right on dealer participation. This is the new Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions what's your question
21 past 11 at W.I. and Z what are you uh?
I know that you're taking money out of envelopes and all kinds of good stuff. Well, you're having a great time
Do you need this is something we're going to be missing
Yeah, taking money out of envelope no mail call. Oh, yeah, I think what we'll do now. I think what we'll do is we'll wait
Until the following morning you'll do it spontaneously which will slow things down a little but that's okay
I think it's some will open the mail on the year. I enjoy that. I think I think the audience enjoys
Yeah, it gives me a chance to totally ignore the callers and you together
Which is a big plus
Yeah, I would miss one there are just look at that. I can't read that on the air. That is uh disgusting. Just some horrendous
Let me see that boy. Yes. Yeah
Boy oh boy kick out the jammies
Looks like it's out of hustler. Maybe we can get the mc5 on you know, they're always having guests in there
Remember the mc5? No, you don't kick out the jams. Sure
I thought you were into music. I remember you don't know the mc5
Yeah, they did some kind of roadtask things on stage
That's like
In other words, uh, I think I just heard the helicopter. The our clearance just landed on the launch event
I don't clear it's just came in from out and road and 16 feet on the beaches out and road
At clearance boy, he sure knows his stuff
He don't know where he it out of get him in joy together to uh, yeah with a road map
Talk about getting lost neither one of them has any clues to where they are and by the way Neil
Why did they name that stadium after Joe robby?
I'm not gonna dignify that look at this look at this
There's some relatives of yours, but we got all this bird stuff coming in the mail you know, we ought to have a separate a separate mailbox just for bird stuff
That's kind of like station stuff
bird stuff
Okay, let's take a call from North Miami Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
Congratulations. Thank you so much
My wife's uh short short drop
He gets up in the morning to take care of the baby's 5.30 so she'll be listening to kids but she'll wake me up
That's good. I don't get up that early. Well, it's about time you started getting up
You won't know how much better you'll feel when you get up early in the morning and go out take a little walk and
Breathe in the wrist air. I do that when I play golf every day
Well, I got another hate letter from the board. Do you remember the guy who was upset because we said something about Don Carter
Chris Shankill Rodgers you malicious little fat man
I wrote you a scathing letter because I'm a proud borer unlike you you scum sucking slug
Oh, this must be the guy who called earlier
Today I have a feeling yeah, it sounds like yeah. Oh, yeah, go ahead sir. I'm sorry
I like my mother. I'll check this in the mail. Yeah, okay
No, I tell you my wife's movie joy is listening to you excellent
Oh, by the way, I don't pay me when you're nice. They kept talking about uh with no call to you to be on his
Yeah, and you kept saying that you just came back from Denny's which is about the worst restaurant you can eat him no question about it
talking about brick oven
pieces for a long time you finally got me hungry and nothing
I go I live in not Miami Beach. I finally went up there on the turnpike
And I got up in Hollywood and I went up there and I saw a ray and I I tell you that is the best teacher
I have ever eaten really if I had the first one I had
Well, it's not really pizza. That's a great part about it. It's like a whole different experience
It's a different. I mean, it's similar to pizza, but it just uh, it's a unique thing
Really is but it's a little plate made there
I thought they would serve it but too but it gets served a single plate right and that's where I like it
I like you know, you know, to eat my own. I don't like sharing with everybody else
And it's extremely hot when it comes out man. Is it uh you bet? I have two of them while some like it hot
It's so white and hot. I thought it was my way my wife liked to talk to you
So she might want me to love you
She's who wants to congratulate you
Oh
Okay
Okay pal
Okay, I guess that's it. Uh, you malicious little fat man
I wrote you a scathing letter because I'm a proud boulder unlike you you scum sucking slug
Your continuous attacks misspelled
Upon me as a bowling maniac are unfounded you dip you have caused grief to both me and my family
How I loathe and detest you
uh
This sounds like uh line out of my boyfriend's back doesn't it how I loathe and detest you
You are an abomination and a menacing threat to the community squad head
But if anything has made my blood boil
It's been that you actually took a call from a homo
Discussing and recommending a so-called gay bowling league. This is crap
Our country went through racial integration with much misery
And if you think that I'm going to sponsor these this grotesqueness
You are sadly mistaken bag boy. It is quite simply a travesty to bowling and bowlers in general
I think this guy's got his fingers in uh too many holes. Yeah
If you ever again speak badly of Chris Shankill
I will call your management and put you in hot water flab face
It's no joke that you are a joke even your own Jewish community. We all think of you as a joke or pariah
Just leave this state go away. We all detest you. Oh there comes a good par do me a favor Rosen
Become a Buddhist and that was used Rosen this particular one. It's interesting to have relatives named Rosen but
Fantastic and then they sign a Jewish name you know what I'm saying
He's still fuming he has shove your anti-bowling comments you communist
Shove him or the moon don't shine
Good letter
Well hope the male is that good on um
I'm sure it will be
Why are you flashing check monitor you know you wrote on here up your alley
That's okay, but he's flashing frantically check monitor. I mean if you had some good material
Bob gets serious no one's for him today. Okay
See oh boy you freaked out
That'll teach him. Yeah, oh now look at this. Here's a little something per stand
Uh
He's an accent cute with all these perverted little writings on it
Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Oh boy
Oh, this was in that letter wasn't it that wasn't that same letter, yeah, oh it is guy
Well, let's see how many holes are they're in a boy & boy 3
Hi a Leia hello
Hello.
Before the rain next to you for a while.
Oh, yeah.
Michael's calling from the cafeteria, San Theria.
Mike.
Your eyes are full.
They're not this fast.
People are listening to me.
But they are finally next to you for a while.
What?
Beautiful tonight.
Your eyes are full.
I'm not.
I'm not.
This is sweet.
Don't be at the line.
A lot of people misunderstand me.
That's because they don't know me at all.
Plantation. Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Oh, you know my voice?
Hello?
Sure.
Yeah.
You sure?
This is my voice.
Oh, on my voice.
Do you recognize me?
I admire you.
Uh, okay.
I have to tell you why I go.
You just say you told him for the lunch.
Lunch will be there.
It's from walking.
It's from what?
Joaquin.
I think you will.
You heard about it, right?
Oh, the walk in.
Bye.
Oh, the walk in.
I thought he said Joaquin.
No, no, no.
Joaquin at the walk in.
You, you, you want to stand my English?
Yes.
I understand you perfectly.
Oh, very good.
You know, and it's not easy to get the tournament
to admire you.
Huh?
Did you know that?
What?
It's not easy to get the tournament to admire you.
All right, all right.
Let's cut the, uh, something short of it.
Okay, let's cut the crap, right?
And, uh, lunch will be there about 30.
Great.
Thank you so much.
I expected.
And the second thing is I won't tell you.
Uh, you, seven times you say you want to go to walking?
Yep.
And I stick my neck and it will see you.
And...
Well, you wait.
You wait.
If it's good today, I'll be over there.
Believe me.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll come right out of Windixi.
And then you put all of it.
We'll...
I might bring Rob over for a little lunch.
Okay.
I don't, don't go to the window and you can smell it through
from out of the...
Okay.
Follow your...
Follow your...
Follow your...
Follow your nose.
And I know that.
That's what the Rickazar says on Channel 10.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
He's over.
He was good.
He liked that one.
You sure this isn't wolf fat?
I know you, you know.
You know, 10 days ago and when you go to the Bollier ice cream shop...
Oh, yeah.
And he's running and I'm waiting there, trying to see you.
Because I never see you.
And I find that I saw you and you are 40 minutes late.
And it doesn't matter.
And when you walk...
What's he talking about?
What is this man talking about?
E-Mac and Bolliers.
Oh, yeah.
So Bollier ice cream.
That's an iron...
Iron rain.
Please.
And when you come in two years, you will be the jacket.
You will look back to the humble king walking to his subjects.
Ha, ha, ha.
Are you the one who thought you understand this guy?
No, I don't.
Thank God.
I think we're lucky.
I followed him for a long time.
Boy, I think you're really pushing him.
Well, listen, we'll be looking for it, okay?
All right.
Thank you very much.
And get off the air immediately.
What if Bollier?
Bollier.
I liked him.
Yeah, but in brief dose of right.
I can understand what the hell he's talking about.
He's very nervous.
Well, I was translating.
Oh, be just my luck, you know, like in the last couple of days here to, you know.
I was trying to close encounters with the third kind or whatever he is.
Okay, we have an open line in Brown.
No, we don't.
They're flashing like crazy now.
Oh, yeah.
In fact, they're really doing it.
I'm sure we're going to be hearing from loads of radio celebrity as the show goes on.
And we heard from the guys, the McCay and the morning guys in your squad are over at three days.
They're not all going to call today.
Well, no, there's tomorrow on Saturday.
Sure.
And believe me, that's all we're going to be talking about for three days.
Sure.
Which is why Mark Hume was very anxious to give me off the AM because we're going to be desperately trying to get everybody to listen in the morning to the FM from 6 to 10 AM.
WZTA 94.9 on our FM dial.
Just, you know, I want to make sure you know where it is and what time is it?
One day through Friday's data and Zadie.
Zadie on this circus.
But where's Sonny Fox?
That's my question.
We haven't had a call from Sonny yet on mobile phone.
Weird.
Okay. Well, maybe you can't get through.
You'll get through.
Maybe it's true.
Believe me.
I believe me.
I believe me.
Sonny and I can whisper sweet nothing to each other in the morning on the year.
It's looking so forward to it.
Plantation.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
Hi, Glenn.
Hi.
I want to tell you I'm a little disappointed.
Oh, boy.
Because I spend most of my day in the car listening to you.
You make my life bearable on the road.
But I will listen to you in the morning.
Oh, thank you.
That's worth to eat now.
Well, that's twice as many as they got now.
I don't know.
I have to say, you know, you're the only person I know who knows where North Ta'nawanda is.
And every time you mention those places, I get sick.
No, you're wrong.
There's one other person in the market who knows where they are.
I know.
And I hope he's got a good memory because I think he's going to have to get you in the car.
I think he's going to have to get you in the car.
I think he's going to have to get you in the car.
I think he's going to have to get you in the car.
I think he's going to have to get you in the car.
I think he's going to have to get you in the car.
I think he's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
He's going to have to get you in the car.
Diane Flores is one of our favorites.
It's a classic.
And it happens to be, by the way, on the best of Neal cassette tape.
Which, if you send the bird, will that be the best tape?
Well, that's the old best of Neal cassette tape.
Oh, it's not on the Neon.
On the Neon.
On the Neon.
No.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
But we don't want to talk about that.
But where the hell is it?
I'll look for it.
Boy, oh boy.
We could be in big trouble if we don't have that.
That was the first thing I was going to play on Zeta.
In honor of the outgoing show.
Oh.
Good idea.
Diane Flores.
I saw it recently.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
I don't even see your good friend in here with the blue cap.
I don't see anything.
What are they doing?
They're sabotaging the rack now, just getting ready.
Well.
Just to get even with us.
Do you see it?
No.
Okay.
All right.
Let's take a break.
We're going to scour this room.
Of course, you know what happens.
I don't want to get surly, but if I don't find any of our material, you can walk out.
Get real upset.
Okay.
It's 24 till noon at W.Y.N.Z.
Now, Jay Michaels will be starting here Monday morning at 10.
And he'll also be on Saturday morning 6 to 10.
I just mentioned that in passing.
And I want you to be nice to Jay and give him an opportunity.
And you know, he's a great American.
And never still afraid to train.
I'm going to get a little bit of a chance.
I'm going to get a little bit of a chance.
I'm going to get a little bit of a chance.
I'm going to get a little bit of a chance.
I'm going to get a little bit of a chance.
I'm going to get a little bit of a chance.
I'm going to get a little bit of a chance.
As a new bro hustling round the disco hall.
I'm going to get a little bit of a chance.
I'm going to get a little bit of a chance.
I'm going to get a little bit of a chance.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
boy's my lurking back and broke off and a uh wheat gotta be martyman on the way winter it's
putce where do you save your grab neck ring there? he's got a good tree y gasket and this is my
challenged I can eat mar chicken libra and eat pied and then eat man the wife
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get
a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a third mortgage, I'm going to get a second mortgage, I'm going to get a second wood
and to do traffic and weather at the same time.
Well, no comment.
No comment, so it might be true.
As a matter of fact, they're both up there
on the winds launching pad together right now,
but the clearance is the only one in a plane.
That could be a major poop.
Yeah, it could be.
Oh, cheers.
They're going to be kind of hovering over Alton Road
on the beaches together.
I know.
All this thing or two.
That's another thing that disappeared too, the blimp.
You know, that's not in here.
It is not here.
You know, like slowly but surely, it's like a biotrition.
Stuff disappears out of this room.
Little bit by bit.
And you notice it's all half of the piece.
Since June 8th.
Yeah, since Major got here, we don't want to skew
stand of anything, but it just keeps disappearing.
I'm sure it's the only but surely.
And what other thing?
Is the bird going to be your sidekick from that one?
That's a very poor choice of word.
He's just going to be in there.
You know, let's kick in other words.
What?
It's going to be a kick.
Kick?
Out of side, but just a kick.
Yeah, he's going to be getting it.
He's going to be that very good.
Excellent.
I was a little slow on that.
It's like the bird has a special guest, you know, once in a while, but every day it's
like, whoa, it's a little bit too much.
Well, I want you to breathe easy about one thing.
Because in the setup we got in the FM, I'm going to have control of his mic.
Oh, so you have the button.
Yeah.
Great.
Okay.
I'll be looking forward to listening to the day.
Thanks a lot.
Bye.
Okay, we're up to nine listeners now, Frazada.
And boy, that's staggering.
If Tom Birch knew that, they probably have to reassure the whole report, wouldn't they?
Already.
He's already surpassed the current.
I think so.
I don't say that because they're already going to dig us pretty bad tomorrow.
They were right.
It's just a joke.
Yeah.
Right?
Yeah.
See, you broke the bad news to everyone?
See, here we've got a problem.
In case you didn't already know, we have a problem child over here because he worked so hard.
Not so hard.
Not so hard.
What?
Because you worked so hard.
You can't get up that early in the morning to listen.
Isn't that what you told me?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He expects me to wake up at 6 o'clock in the morning.
No, you have to wait.
How about like eight?
You don't have to hear the whole show.
Like at eight.
Would that suffice?
Get a little fix?
I never thought of it that way.
Like the last couple hours.
In fact, we can recycle the first two hours over, just for your convenience.
Okay?
Would that be okay?
That'd be great.
I mean, obviously, you know, I don't appreciate that.
Good, okay.
Let's go to Miami next.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I don't know.
I just tuned in.
You're going to be on Zayda tomorrow or...
No, no.
Monday morning.
This is why one shot deal in the set of speakers.
One shot is a failure.
Very confusing.
Yeah.
I think we ought to go back to the beginning again.
You know what I mean?
So, but wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Slow down, okay?
Okay.
We will be.
There's that.
I don't know.
I'm uncomfortable with that.
On Zayda Monday.
Monday.
Tuesday.
Wednesday.
Tuesday.
Wednesday.
No repeat Thursday.
And a low-hot Friday.
Next week.
And every week.
Are you kidding me?
No.
You're on Zayda now.
What did you think I was going to be on air like for one day?
So no more...
No more 10 to 2 on this show?
Good.
Excellent.
Very good.
Let's have a little round of applause.
Come on now for this.
Very, uh...
See, he won't even...
He's...
So, I got to get up a wet time to...
Ha-ha.
This is at 6 o'clock in the morning.
At any damn time you won, okay?
But sooner or later you've got to get up.
You know, or you can just lie there in a sack and turn it on.
You know, have that radio right by your bedside.
But the show is from 6 to 10.
Okay.
Let me say one...
All right, wait a minute.
Let's go back to the beginning again.
Okay, let's start over again.
Okay.
Can you say radio?
Okay.
You have a radio, right?
I'm a radio.
At least one, I would think.
I do.
And they all have AMFM, VM and PM, right?
They've all got the whole thing on there.
Uh-huh.
Right?
Okay.
So, 94.9 on FM is what we call ZADY, which means grandfather and Yiddish on this circus.
Okay.
And we're going to be there every morning, Monday through Friday, whether you like it or not.
6 to 10 AM.
And if you happen to be up fine and you can tune it in, and we'll be doing the same thing we're doing now.
Okay.
It looks great while the, you know, to pass a five-peat bulldozer will play a record.
I want to say, okay.
I don't think you knew this.
But Brian Norcroff is the illegitimate son of Bob Mercy, who's the father of the father.
He does the nit game.
Oh, boy.
Is that the possibility that explains a lot?
C'men does.
Oh, but it's going to be cool.
At the plate.
Is that, uh, is that right?
Well, I don't start with the match, you know, there are lost cause and, uh, yeah.
But they are mercy in Norcroff are not, uh, are not their real last name.
Yeah, Dale Murphy, I think.
Dale Murphy.
Anyway, I watched the game last night.
So did I.
But that was okay.
Well, I want to tell you something.
Sparky Anderson is a meathead.
And I'm going to tell you that right now.
Yeah.
And he left Doyle Alexander in there.
It's so long that it was, it was pathetic.
It was like he was leaving him in there as punishment like he didn't want to win the game.
No.
He left him in there interminably.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, he, he, he, he, I, he sitting there writing on a yellow pan at legal pad, you know, maybe he's got a lawsuit or something going.
I don't know what he's doing, but he keeps writing those stupid notes on a yellow pad.
And in the meantime, they're hitting the crap out of Doyle Alexander.
And every time we see Sparky's writing on the pad, you know, how many?
Come on, Sparky.
And how many lines of Sparky have in his face, do you think?
I mean, more than that.
I'm glad he mentioned that.
You know that Daryl Evans.
What a, what a complexion.
Daryl Evans went to the same plastic surgeon as Michael Jackson.
The only problem is it's starting to fall apart now.
You know, like when they do that breast surgery and they start sagging, you know, when they fill that, what did they put in there?
He, I don't know.
They put some silicone.
Is that?
Yeah.
Anyway,
he went to the same.
He hits you.
You're correct.
Well, that's what's happening to Daryl now.
I mean, the guy is like 40 years old and you think he was 80?
Yeah.
Boy, he's looking pretty grim.
But he hit 40, he hit 30 homeers.
That's right.
It's not how he looks that counts.
It's how he hits.
Yeah.
Alrighty, Neil.
And that ballpark, by the way, in Minnesota, is like, like Kitty baseball.
Okay, it's a joke.
It is.
It's a joke.
It's like not even a baseball game.
Yeah.
In fact, they ought to take the scab football players and let them play baseball there.
Yeah.
Okay, I got emotional, sir.
I'm sorry.
Okay, Neil.
So I got to just revitalize my whole schedule here at this point.
You got it.
It's going to be real.
Now, do you understand it?
If you got it so far because even the people in the building can't quite figure it out.
Six in the morning to 10 in the morning, which I, you know, after 28 years in the business,
I thought most people understood morning drive is 6 to 10 a.m., you know?
And a Monday through Friday, like normal people work.
Who's suggestion or who's a...
Well, it was by mutual agreement, okay?
Really?
Well.
I'm very excited about it.
Oh, I hope you...
I mean, you're going to blow them away, but still...
But still what?
But still it's going to be your current listeners are going to have to alter their lifestyle a little bit.
Or alter something else.
Or alter their states, right?
Right.
You got it.
Okay, Neil.
You'll get used to it.
Okay, have a great day.
Okay.
I'm glad he called in so you could have...
I'm afraid that we're probably...
Well, see what we're going to have to do tomorrow and Saturday also to drag this explanation out.
Obviously, they're a little slow.
I thought it was real, real simple and, you know, real clear...
Did you think it was simple?
In a parent.
Right to the point.
Do you know that he knew about it before anybody else?
Before I knew about it?
Are you going to...
Are you prepared to tell us now where you heard it?
I don't know.
It's just a good guess.
Yeah.
I'm serious.
It's a guess.
It was a guess.
You must have told him.
I wasn't sure when I told you.
You can tell us that he...
But he...
He...
He basically told me what I wanted to know.
Well, it's not going to be that way.
Let's not get into that.
A lot of people guessed.
Did they?
Yeah, they did.
Well, Stan certainly just did everything yesterday, but...
Hang it right out there for the audience to chop off.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Okay, it's 10 before noon at WINZ.
We had a wonderful call from Dan McKay and Jim...
I can never remember his style.
Jim, I'm sorry.
I don't know.
What it is, not a hard name, but I just can...
I believe you wrote it up.
I've been there for a year or so.
Oh, they were so nasty to him, yeah.
Uh...
But we got right.
It's not sufficient that he denied that, you know.
We do want to thank them for calling.
They are really funny.
Well, not only funny, but they're different.
Oh, do you want to see the letter from the ice cream store?
He's getting like you now.
I got an idea.
Why don't you guys just read my mail every day, and I'll just...
Then you'll let me know if there's any leftover that I can read, okay?
Seriously.
There you go.
That's not that a long time ago.
Yeah.
Then I don't have to have the stress.
First round between you and Brian.
No, no, it's not from Brian.
Okay.
Forget Brian.
I know you're obsessed with him, but just forget about him.
He said you're not his type.
Nine before noon at WINZ, the Neil Rogers show, our last three days on AM.
That's right.
And boy, are we counting the minutes?
Before noon at WINZ, and it's almost lunchtime, six before lunch.
Do we have to say that in the morning?
It's like so many minutes before breakfast.
God, I hope not.
Breakfast club is history.
Oh, yeah.
No more bread.
Oh, and it's not going to be the Zeta link.
No.
And other things.
Other things will drop by the wayside too, like Chessarastans.
Like you do?
That was a good idea.
By the way, we do have an interesting sports guy who's going to be doing this sport every day.
Oh, what's his name?
Mr. Tuller.
Mr. Sport.
Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning.
I want to offer my congratulations on your switch.
Thank you.
I'd like to switch if it was ever offered to you.
So to speak.
That's seriously.
I know.
I know where you're coming from, pal.
You're not my type.
I'm one of your loyal listeners who has a tremendous problem.
And being the king, I figured you could suggest what I could solve it with.
Okay, my child.
What can we do for you?
Very good.
I do do...
No, don't say do do.
Come on.
I had Zeta surgically removed my radio.
Well, that was a good idea at the time, but you can always tie it back on, you know.
And now I don't know what to do.
Is there...is it a process or a circumcision type process that can be backed off?
No, it's...I think you're in the right general area, but perhaps on the wrong end of the dial.
Like if you call my good friend Dr. Bendova.
Oh.
I think he can probably reattach Zeta.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's good.
Did you ever think of doing a five-man tank?
They call it Zeta.
Where you could be the king in both markets.
Well, you can't be the king and the queen.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, that's true.
So I'd like to stick with trying to be one.
Okay. Well...
Good idea.
This is one of your loyal listeners who wants to jump in on the charter membership to go over.
Excellent. In other words, you're pledging other hours.
We don't play other hours.
That's joy.
We like to pledge like an hour or so.
Well, I'll give you at least two.
Good.
Okay.
Okay.
Just a list.
I'll show you, and we'll always keep listening.
Thanks a lot.
And no problem getting up early in the morning.
I hope.
Yeah. I wake up that way most of the time.
But I wake up this way every day.
Definitely.
Okay. I read the dutch.
Wait a minute.
What?
See you later.
Okay. I'm not so sure I know what that was.
Boka, hello.
Hello.
Hi.
What'd it be nice when we have a toll-free line that you can call us on?
Oh, it's not long distance.
It's what?
It's not long distance.
This isn't?
No.
How can that be?
I don't know.
Boka's a poshie.
Yeah.
Well, it's a miracle.
I'm a border.
Oh, I get some considered browards.
Oh, yeah.
How long distance?
Yeah. Well, luckily one of the guys before me already called and answered one of my questions.
So I don't have to sound like a jerk.
But what is the number of the new station?
You know, the call letters?
Well, wait a minute.
The number of the call letters.
The call letters, I guess.
Call letters are W-Z-T-A, but that doesn't tell you where to find it.
Well, you said 94.9.
That's exactly where to find it.
I just wanted to, because sometimes you can't get it if it's not digital.
And I just, this way if they say their call letters, I'll know who to write one.
Right.
Yeah.
What, how did that happen?
Was that your big secret for today?
Yeah, that was it.
I tuned it later.
I wasn't sure if that was it was.
That's it.
Oh, I wanted to ask you the records.
The ones that you played.
The kosher ones.
Is that something you made or did you buy those?
No, no, that's a good filter Joe and the fish.
That's the name of the group.
And, you know, if you go into peaches or respects, they've got, you know, they've got
that, you know, they can order it for it if they don't have it.
Oh, they are great.
They are great.
They are great.
And on this sookas, I mean, you know, how can you beat it?
Perfect.
You can't beat it with a stick.
With a kosher stick.
Okay, well, thanks a lot and good luck to you.
Thanks. We'll be looking for you.
Okay.
Bye-bye. There's number 10.
I think we've got the audience up to 10 and expanding by the moment.
Yeah.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Are you freezing to death as in it?
We can make it a little warmer in here.
That's why I wear all these jackets and everything.
When I come in here, that's the way you keep the studio.
You're using it?
Yeah, it is.
Okay, it's freezing in here, Bob.
Did you hear that?
We've got to make it a little warmer because of our sissy companions here.
Oh, yeah.
So a little much me out of it.
I mean, don't heat it up, but you can hold it here too.
Good.
You better get used to it because when you're on with that frigid larga, it's Monday morning.
You better get used to it.
Oh, boy.
Okay.
Mike Wolf is here with us.
Wow.
Nothing personal.
CBS with the world news at the top of the hour and we'll come back and really warm it up at 1206.
Today when I wake up, I still have a song, I'll make up and say a lot of praise for you.
Finally, the 10 records that you've been waiting for.
Tammy Fays, unbelievable new album.
He is the rock.
I crawled out from under.
I pushed 16 tons of mage up on.
Then my husband does it with Jessica Hound.
Oh, baby, forward cold and go wild.
I'm all strong now down, booze and pee.
It's all here.
The headache, the heartache, the pancake.
Rock-a-bite, just is my face.
My mask is a raw holy ray.
Tammy Fays, he is the rock that I crawled out from under.
Don't you buy my new album?
If you don't, you're burning hay, oh, you're really real.
Thank you, God bless you.
You're welcome, travel-aided WYNZ.
And our good friends at cellular poll sailors.
See, you know, as I pause because I wanted to get them nervous, brought by lunch today.
And I'm going to tell you something this.
Unsook is no less.
But I have to have my dill pickle over there in honor of Sook is because it's the festival of the harvest.
You know, like vegetables and fruit.
Yeah.
And I have to have one of these.
Are you choked up from this emotional experience?
He is, he is.
He is losing it.
Is your mic on?
I don't think so.
How about we turn his mic on just briefly by now?
Go ahead.
Yeah.
Please.
What?
Whatever you were going to say.
Were I saying anything?
You were going to.
Yeah.
Something happened to you.
No, come on.
What were you going to say, Bap?
Do we have to beg you now?
No, I was saying it.
I think the pressure is building.
Is this what's going to happen Monday morning?
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
No.
I don't think so at all.
Are you sure?
I know that this is.
What do they call it again?
Bird sexing day.
Every Thursday.
So that may create a little extra pressure for you today.
Is that it?
Well, maybe the logical.
But.
But.
But.
But I have never seen the bird crumble so desperately.
I mean, you lost it for a few seconds one day last week and then you recovered.
But this is what is it?
Is it the sandwich?
Is it getting into you just that overwhelming?
I think so.
Boy.
And I'm not, you know, pastrami and see the guy at Calder now is going to accuse me of eating a lot of pastrami, which I know, but this is great.
I know.
I think that's what it all was because of Calder and everything.
Oh, this pastrami sandwiches you eat out there.
Yeah.
And of course you hang out a lot of Calder and those tellers know you.
You know, on site.
Oh, green shirt.
And I know.
Old buddies.
Well, what is, what is that?
Avi is on.
Are we going to, we're not going to talk to him.
Are we?
Oh, no.
Oh, come on.
Are you serious, Avi?
Yes.
Oh, I see.
But I didn't punch him out.
Am I here?
Am I there?
This is the new, the new name.
The new name, Avi.
Oh, bird.
These pickles.
Happy Sookers, Avi.
Happy Sookers.
I took a poll amongst all the people you want to hear what they have to say about it.
I took a poll of one.
I took a poll.
I was just like on the phone like crazy yesterday.
Taking a poll amongst all the FM people, what they think about it.
What are you doing trying to replace Lee Fowler?
I was so happy he was trying to take your place by the way.
She was very disappointed to hear that she was an offer, 10 to 2.
Hey, don't be surprised at anything now.
Okay, well, you want to hear what they have to say about it.
Go ahead.
Okay, first of all, they all want to know when are you going to eat lunch.
They just don't know what.
Oh, we're going to come in on J Show and eat lunch every day.
Okay.
Now, they're also wondering about the chokeholds.
Since your phone calls will be on the 550, what will happen to all the other shows when you have 42,000?
No problem.
No problem.
Trust me.
They want to know if you're going to give stock $5,000 away every Thursday morning.
No, every five minutes.
Okay, and the next thing is, here's the good stuff now.
Okay.
Now, some people at GTR are having a big meeting over there and they suggest,
now, they say that they're doing this because when the station fails,
they'll sell through a few months ago.
They say the reason was because they had no numbers.
They say they're trying to boost the numbers and they'll be able to sell both stations,
which is an interesting theory.
Right.
Sounds fine to me.
Uh-huh.
And I guess they would sell you two anglin.
Right.
And the next thing.
Well, by and sound is the case, maybe.
See, I would like to join the ranks of all these guys who get paid for not working.
Oh, yeah.
I've never had that before.
I think there's more in that category than that of our working.
I'm sure of that.
Okay.
Is it true that Mark Hume just got really upset and called up Portland and tried to have it stopped?
It's getting pretty heavy now.
It's getting back into it.
You're regressing, I think.
Yeah.
You're getting back into it.
No, it's not true at all.
It's not true.
He's happy about it.
Mark is delirious.
Really, that's what I saw.
Yeah.
Sooner or later, he can get me out of here.
He'll be happy.
And the next rumor is that they say that if this whole thing works,
then they'll move stand over and then move everybody open.
They will be history.
Well, you never know about those things, right?
That could happen, could it?
I mean, once upon a time they said the INZ will always be all news.
Didn't they say that?
Didn't they say that they would never put talk on FM?
Who is that?
Was that David Rosley?
David Rosley.
Is that that?
Did you get your postcard, by the way?
Which one?
Wait till you get your postcard with Neil's picture on it.
You know those old postcards.
They stand to midnight.
No, I haven't seen that yet.
Like that.
Now, do you want to hear the consensus opinion of...
Okay, are you going to get to it or is it like...
Yeah, we're from Sokys.
For some reason, now you know I'm not an expert on anything like that.
But I, by the way, it's really happy about it.
They think that everybody from 10 to 2 is going to run to Bill McLeague.
Are you going to listen to it from 10 to 2 now or not from 10 to 2?
Of course.
That's what I thought.
That's what they're assuming over there.
And he's really happy about it.
And you realize this stand will be like history.
I mean, who's going to give him all those, you know, that lead in?
Is that it?
Oh, that's not it.
Well, hurry it up, Bobby.
It's only a four hour show.
I know.
Let's see what time is it now.
It's 12, 13, right?
12, 14 and getting much later by the moment.
Exactly.
And the next thing is...
Is he calling to kill us?
I can't be before.
I just want to turn it on at 6 o'clock in the morning and hear Glenn laugh.
I like you better when you were a moron.
You know what I'm saying?
Did I change the voice?
Yeah.
Hello, Dr.
Much better.
Yeah, much better.
Yeah.
I heard you on Budell show the other morning.
Not only that, but I was the person who won their t-shirt too.
Well, you're the only one listening.
What do you expect?
Well, he was really good boy.
They answered that phone real quickly over there.
Yeah.
I hope they did.
Yeah, right through, didn't you?
Yeah.
Right through, Amber.
Matter of fact, I told him, well, he edited the call, but you should have heard the first part.
If he let the first...
Whatever happened with the thing with the poor, what's his face at the IOD?
What is this, Tom?
What is he doing to us here today?
Right, Anderson.
I put you on the air, didn't I?
What?
Okay, do you want me to do a bit?
I'm in a wonderful mood and I put you on the air.
Hey, okay, okay.
Welcome to the...
I'll put that on your...
I'm going to do it old man.
I'm going to tell...
Oh.
And you're going to tell me...
I'm going to tell you...
Neil Diabre.
I'm going to tell you something.
Yes.
What?
Yeah.
What is the operative question?
Okay, here it is.
I'll read the derg.
Okay, bye-bye and don't forget.
Okay.
Boy, I liked him better.
Boy, yeah, he was better as a crank.
I thought he was much better.
Mr. Cake.
Yeah.
I liked him as Mr. Cake.
Oh, are you still speaking him on the phone, by the way?
No.
Let's go to...
You know better.
That threat holds true.
Yeah, I'm sure, because you're still going to be in this part of the building.
You know better than that.
Every now and then.
Booking those important guests.
Like...
Miami, hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir, a real voice from a real caller.
Congratulations on your move to WZTA Zeta 94.9.
Thank you.
You can do our promos.
That's what I'm trying to do, so you guys can eat your lunch.
Thanks.
Between 6 and 10.
And I'd also like to wish you a happy tookus, and I hope every...
Happy tookus!
And I hope everybody...
Stuckus!
Roof today.
I know I got my bunch this morning.
I bet you did.
Hey, Neil, this morning I was on my way up to West Palm Beach,
and I heard you say that if anybody had an announcement,
they'd like to make that we could call and make it on the radio.
Is that what I said?
I don't remember saying that.
Did I say that?
No.
I thought that's what you had said.
I mean, it was early in the morning.
Go ahead.
What are you promoting, pal?
Well, I'm promoting.
I'm with the South Miami Kendall J.C.s, and I just like to tell everybody about our meeting this morning.
I knew.
Somehow I knew it was the J.C.s.
You know, I don't know why.
I just knew it was going to be the J.C.s.
Look, it takes all types to listen to your show, and even we do, too.
By the way, when are you guys letting women in your group?
Oh, you know, this is truly a progressive group.
We've started letting them in in 1984.
No, I mean real women.
Those two.
Okay, go ahead, sir.
Well, the South Miami Kendall J.C.s is looking for a little bit of an incredible event.
Wait a minute. Are you full now? You look like you're, um...
Yeah, I had two sandwiches. I'm very thirsty.
You had two sandwiches?
Yeah, I did.
Straum and Cormie.
They were good, yeah.
How the hell could you eat two sandwiches in like six minutes?
I'm pretty quick.
You called them out.
Well, let's not get into that, please.
But they tell me, I don't know.
Yeah. Well, we'll find out later.
Go ahead, sir.
Anyways, the South Miami Kendall J.C.s is looking for some intelligent life.
And we're meeting this Monday at the Red Lobster at 117...
Oh, you're never going to find that.
Fourth Kendall's ride.
Intelligent life in that town?
Well, that's why, you know, we figured the few that would be listening and live in that area.
The intelligent ones would be listening to this station.
Like I said.
No, I was looking through the qualitative part of the Birch Report last night.
You know, we're big on Birch now because we had a good one this month.
But anyway, there was a whole thing in here about the percentage of listeners who graduated high school.
Who went to college and INZ has more college students than any other station in the market.
And I think it's obvious.
I mean, people who went to college.
That's right.
Or hung around on campus, you know.
And even some of them are on the air.
Yeah.
Well, I wasn't on campus that much.
Yeah, on Glenn's report today, he said that the state legislature just whizzed right through the gun law.
I mean, where are legislators whizzing in the hallways again?
Where does this guy hear all this?
Yeah, what station are you listening to?
Yeah, he's listening to RMF.
My report.
Glenn's report.
Well, that starts Monday on Zadus, sir.
He's going to be butchering the news.
Tom Wolf's report.
Oh, who's Tom Wolf?
Tom Wolf.
I like Wolf.
I like you.
He like you.
We're working on it.
We're getting there.
Boy, this caller.
I'm telling you.
There is some intelligent life on occasions.
I'm sorry to say, but.
Yeah.
I'm giving it a try.
Sir, have you been eating sugar cubes this morning by any chance?
Not enough.
Okay.
Well, listen, have a wonderful day.
Do the same.
And a great life.
Boy, a little confused, wasn't it?
Yeah.
The information was there.
By the way, you need to write this on the log cellular wholesalers.
Can you remember that?
Like now.
And they're having a neo-Roger special today because they're putting my car phone in.
And Santa Course will never he'll never be the same because I'm going to bug with crap out of him.
The first 20 people.
Can I say this now with you?
Can you control yourself?
I'll try.
The first 20 people who call cellular wholesalers get a special today.
The neo-Roger special.
$495.
No installation charge for their car phone.
Am I doing this right?
And they got to call 949-9100.
949-9100.
So if you're in a market for a car phone, now is obviously the time to do it right this moment.
Now, not just today.
Now.
Because it's the first 20 only.
And they save all the installation charge, which is a substantial amount of cash.
949-9100.
And we thank cellular wholesalers for their wonderful diet lunch.
It's 20 minutes and afternoon at W.I. and Z.
The Chinese food will be here right after this.
There they go, ladies and gentlemen, off into the sunset.
Never be seen again.
And there is more food.
See, this is one thing that will stop on Zeta.
Because, you know, this is like a pig pen.
Even though these are beautiful studios, it's, you know, we can clean it up in two seconds, right?
But in Zeta, they got that $80 million worth of equipment up there.
And they're not going to let us mucky around with food up there.
So all of you wonderful people.
And we appreciate it.
We've been forfeiting us.
Look at that.
Who came in just in time for the last sandwich.
There's a sandwich.
There's coleslaw.
There are dill pickles.
Mr. Fixit.
You won't have us to kick around anymore.
Yeah, make a little noise there.
Would you please?
What is that, by the way?
I see there's lettuce on that one.
Looks like a real goyish sandwich.
That's perfect.
What is it?
Turkey.
Turkey.
Well, good.
That ought to be pretty good, huh?
Well, it's the only one left.
So if you don't like it.
And then there are cookies here and pickles and all kinds of good stuff.
And then in about 10 minutes when we're through with this, the Chinese is coming out.
Oh, this is ridiculous.
You know what I'm saying?
Probably, Jay Michaels will continue this part of the show.
Because Jay looks like he has a miscellaneous meal.
You know what I'm saying?
You're going to eat all that coleslaw?
No.
Please, go ahead.
Be our guest.
Do we have to twist your arm?
You know who we haven't heard from today?
We had a lot of people call congratulate us on this.
We don't have a big move to say it out.
But there's been one voice that's been conspicuous conspicuous by its absence.
You go.
Try to get people to talk about your radio station after 10 o'clock in the morning.
I know.
And we've been doing it for months and it hasn't helped a bit, hasn't.
Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Buenos dias.
This is the way Bob Jr.
We're here.
We're here.
Bob Jr.
It's about Jean's Dayton tackle.
What?
Just kidding, Neil.
Junior's Dayton tackle.
I don't understand what any of these people are saying to the baby.
Are you?
The guy who called about the Chinese restaurant?
Yeah.
I go to that restaurant every week.
It is the best Chinese restaurant I've ever had.
Well, somebody, okay, you said it's the best.
We had somebody else who said it was the best.
And somebody said it was the worst.
Now, what are you looking for?
Oh, it is awesome.
There's a little guy can in that bag.
Forks, knives.
Oh, the...
What?
Oh, an ash tray.
Well, why don't you ask?
Okay, ask and you shall receive.
Here, I know that your wrist is a little limp.
But see if you can hold that.
Okay.
Go ahead.
There's a little bit too more important to be giving them your tensile.
Yeah.
Oh, listen, hey, I just get ragged on here the whole four hours.
And I just took off with that whole thing of coleslaw.
I believe that?
Yeah, that guy up there fixed it.
You know, we said you can have some of the coleslaw.
We didn't say take the whole container and we don't come back.
Great, shake up.
Yeah.
Go ahead, shake up.
Control yourself, my Jewish friend.
Well, I have that Chinese restaurant is the best Chinese restaurant I've ever went to.
You'd even compare it to Benny Han as me.
Wait a minute.
This is Mark?
Excuse me?
This isn't Mark.
Yeah, it is.
Okay.
I mean, you know, once in a while, Mark, like in the morning, you can call us once in a while.
But let's knock it off.
Okay, we don't go for chronic.
Boy, you're getting good at that, aren't you?
Detective you?
You always miss that.
Well, he's not that bad.
He's not that bad.
He sounds like all the pinheads, you know?
Well, it was a long time before I picked up on it.
Is there any left in there?
Look at that.
Boy, just a bunch of famages in here.
They're just in a hairless food.
Miami, hello.
Hello.
Hi, how are you doing, Joey?
How are you doing?
Excuse me.
I have so many of my mouth, I was eating.
I'll bet you, dude, Joey.
Hey, congratulations on your move.
Thank you.
Very good.
I'll be number 11, listening.
Excellent.
Boy, we're really building an audience, aren't we?
Yeah.
We've got a solid base.
You'll be broadcasting in stereo, right?
We sure will.
Why don't you put...
I'll be in one channel and the bird will be in the English channel.
If you put Glenn on the left and you on the right, it would be like giving the audience control of his mic.
But where's Lee Julek going to be?
Lee will be all over the place.
He just probably, with that voice, he has covered both bands.
You don't have to worry.
Neil has control of my mic and the new setup.
Boy, does he like that?
I love it.
Terry O. We could turn all the way to the right.
Every now and then Glenn's mic just may go dead for a few minutes.
Sort of like in the old days around here.
Like in the middle of the news.
Are you well being stereo, right?
Yeah, you bet.
What does Jeff sound like in stereo?
Well, maybe we ought to give a little preview, huh?
Before and after.
Yeah.
Look who's talking.
You were very excited about that Jeff Stryker picture.
I think you probably hear the springs in one channel.
And the clever dialogue in the other channel.
Okay, I think you just got the answer right from the horses mouth.
I'll finish my lunch.
Okay.
Later, bye.
Good luck.
Boy, he had it going to hurry.
Oh, boy.
Oh, wow.
I wonder what he's having for lunch, huh?
Maybe we ought to play my wife left town with a banana in honor of sunny Fox and Elvis,
Jr.
And we haven't heard from sunny.
It's just really sunny.
You'll be calling in on his mobile phone.
Big question, Mark, in my head about what?
Whether he's going to call.
Yeah.
Calls all the time when we don't want him to call.
Everyday.
Come on, sunny.
Don't be a bad sport.
Say if Avi can get through anybody.
Yeah, I was a little disappointed in him this morning.
I thought he was going to make one of his famous comebacks, you know?
I did too.
Because so many times over the years when he has me provoked to the point of hapoplexy,
then he somehow makes a miraculous comeback.
Every time.
But today he just wasn't himself.
Well, too much time in the kabuts, I guess.
Coconut Grove.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
All right.
I hate to disappoint you, but I'm not Rick Shaw.
Oh, boy.
Could have fooled me.
Yeah, that sounds like it.
I would recognize that blue camp anywhere.
Morning, Shaw, he's the hey, man.
You hear what Tanner did this morning?
I have probably they did.
Uh-huh.
But I do have a program.
Wait a minute.
Did you hear that last?
Did you hear that?
I know who that was.
That was the bird.
Call AP and UPI.
You do that well.
You didn't realize that you did it accidentally.
Well, it's my own authentic boy.
See when it's spontaneous, that's when it's good.
When these people call up and try to force a cackel, it never works out.
I've been referred to as a giggle mind you.
As Stan would say, there's nothing worse than a force laughter.
But I do have a programming suggestion for you.
Go ahead.
For everybody who can't listen to you mid days because they can't get up in the morning.
So to speak.
Why don't you tape the show on Zeta in the morning and play it back in mid days on that?
Yeah, I'm sure Jay Michaels would like that.
Hey, check that way, wouldn't you?
Yeah.
Hey, that's a good idea.
Try it out.
No chance.
No way Jose.
We're off of the ZAM, man.
Two more days and we're out of here.
Yeah, but you wouldn't have to be there for the mid day.
We're gone.
Yeah.
We are terminating our association.
Well, congratulations.
That's all I had to offer.
Are you number 12?
I think so.
Thanks a lot.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Boy, we're racking along.
We are building to a crescendo.
Oh, mobile.
Hello.
How you doing?
This is our special mobile caller.
No, it's not.
It's a different mobile caller.
Our special mobile caller.
You're not it.
Are you in my car?
It is.
Yeah.
They're calling me for my car, but not on this side.
Yeah.
Who is this?
Turn that radio down.
Turn the radio down.
Hello.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yeah.
This ain't Neil.
The amp is picked right up.
Neil.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
Hey, he does.
Can you hear my mobile?
Oh, there's a sound like a sound.
Right there.
I know.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes.
How are you doing?
Okay.
This is mobile.
Okay.
What's going on now?
And he will turn the radio down.
I know.
He won't turn the radio on.
They're strangling each other and...
I think you need to get your cord tied, sir.
Okay.
We're going to try.
Okay.
Good luck to you.
God.
Boy, that was almost as good as the call I had from Sharon yesterday.
Oh, well.
Oh, that left me weak.
Did you hear that?
Thank you.
Sharon, when she was inviting herself to your restaurant on Saturday.
No, I didn't.
I wanted to sit in my lap.
But I did hear Jamie's mother call.
Oh, yeah.
And then we had a psychologist call.
We did.
Did you?
Yeah.
And a brother-in-law.
And his account.
The whole family was calling in yesterday.
And then they're all going to start bothering you now.
And Jamie himself, keeping called.
I sure hope he's not there this Friday night when we're eating at the melting pot.
What time?
9 o'clock?
9 o'clock, yeah.
It's just a joke, folks.
We're not telling you when we're eating there anymore.
And it's not going to be Friday.
Sunday.
Yeah.
Chihuahua.
Next Chihuahua.
This is a
On Tisha Bov, which is also coming up this month by the way.
On NBC.
Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Nobody commented on that movie out of bounds.
Notice.
That kid is so ugly.
Go ahead.
Yeah, Neil.
Hi.
How are you?
Okay.
Good.
Listen.
I've been outing in my car, so I haven't heard too much.
But did you go to that wrap session yesterday?
No, no.
Next Wednesday.
We had a postponement.
Oh, oh.
I'm excited.
Meeting's going on here.
Oh, I see.
Listen.
Also, when you move over on Monday, is the bird going to be with you?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, so I'm probably sleeping a nest closed by the station.
That's right.
In fact, right on the edge of the building, there's a little eve that hangs out over the
agency to, yeah.
Listen.
Although we got to clear away those bird droppings before I'll stop there.
What the hours between 10 and 2 who's going to do that?
Oh, wait a minute.
Hold on a minute.
Hold on a minute.
We got, I don't lose that last one.
Okay.
Glenn from a cellular warehouse.
Whole sailors.
Oh, I said that again.
From a second.
You're not going to speak to me.
Are you?
Glenn.
Is he on there?
Hello.
Glenn.
Hello.
Wait a minute.
This is the previous caller.
Can we put Glenn on four?
Neil.
Oh, hi, Glenn.
We've got to give you a repeat on.
Tell your hostellers.
That's what I said.
No, I did do that again.
That was an accident.
I slipped.
I'm very sorry about that.
I apologize.
Oh, I know.
If I do it again, I'll come in and take the last half of my pastrami sandwich away.
I'm sorry.
Well, this sounds good.
You're calling from my car?
Oh, actually, I'm calling you from my car because there was an imposter that called and said
he was working on your car and he was calling from before.
Well, what's wrong with the phone in my car?
You're calling your car.
I wanted to have the countdown starting.
It won't be ready in about 30 minutes.
Oh, OK.
Great.
I just wanted to keep you up to date.
No hurry.
OK.
We're eating.
OK, enjoy.
Thanks, Glenn.
OK, bye-bye.
What happened to that poor guy that was on here before the early days?
Are you there?
Yeah, I'm sure.
Sorry.
OK, thank you for being so patient.
Oh, I am.
Or else?
Are you patient person?
Too much.
Exciting week, isn't it?
Oh, I'm just rolling.
What is going to happen between the hours of 10 and 2 on the regular...
What now, what do you mean on the regular?
Like the FM is irregular?
No, I didn't know.
I just said that.
On the AM.
Yeah, what's happening on the AM?
Well, Jay Michaels is going to be on it.
Maybe he'll honor us with his presence in here sometime between now and 2.
We would love to have him come in for a couple of minutes and introduce him.
Uh-huh.
Listen also.
A great clever and devious guy.
Are they going to leave Stan Majors at the same hour?
Two to six.
He'll be on to the afternoon.
Well, you know, Stan's got to be on with little girls good out of school, you know?
I see, yeah.
I try the other.
I'm a little candy.
Yeah.
He also gets all those mobile colors and after all the...
Any after all the...
Yeah, mobile.
Hello.
We're here, sir.
What's happening this evening at Tompenauer?
Are you going to be there?
Yeah, well, I'm going to be there and we're going to be presenting a trophy after one of the races.
And you know, they got all that stuff they're giving away.
And we hope everybody will come out and plunge their brains out.
Oh, I see.
But I'm going to be eating in the dining room.
Okay, it's not like I'm going to be inviting everybody.
Come watch me eat.
You know, one of those...
You're not?
No.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Wait a minute.
Are you still there?
Yeah.
Are you going to be number 13?
Yeah.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, bye.
Okay, we're building, boy.
Yeah, quickly.
Are you going to be giving out some wonder mugs tonight?
I have a wonder muck me all.
Can I have a wonder muck?
Can I have some of them?
Let's go back to win more again.
Can I have a wonder muck?
Oh, boy.
You just want to give them something in their mug all right.
Like you're fist.
Now they've changed it.
Now it's huggy mugs or something.
Yeah, we changed it in.
Well, we're embarrassed from that.
By the way, Jay Michaels first appearance will be at the hallmark.
Just kidding, Jay.
I don't want to scare him away.
Jay's going to be doing show live from the hallmark.
Giving away sweet and low.
You know what we ought to do?
The first week on EFM.
You know the boxes in there that the sweet and low that say,
stolen from the home of Neil Rogers.
We ought to give those away any FM.
Sure.
We can give one away to each listener.
Why not?
It's souvenir packs from Zeta.
They never give anything else away.
They don't?
Are we going to do like Sunny here?
We're not going to buy the audience.
That's one thing we can pride ourselves on because we just can't afford it anyway.
I don't think it's necessary.
No money.
No, I got no money.
Okay, 24.
He got no money before one.
At W.Y. and Zikiri Lawrence is going to be coming in a little later on on the show
and noticing in Akapella, I ain't got no money.
And we'll come back.
Zikiri, you see, it's an American origin of tonight.
Discover these and more of what it takes to be the legend of Stake.
Stake in the air for over 20 years.
The legend of Stake.
Like I was saying.
You know what you dealt it?
That's the kind of stuff that we strive for.
We spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to try and make that happen.
21 before one at W.Y.
Zikiri, I know he's trying to get through.
Oh, yeah, I can't believe he hasn't called me.
And I'm so sorry that the lines have been so tied up that we...
I know Sunny is trying to get through on his mobile phone.
And I want to thank Greg Budell, who did call Gary Lawrence this morning.
The Wishes Luck, Boodle.
Not too much, but he wished us luck.
Yes, Newtles didn't call.
And our friends at Hot 105, who are the only ones who are really called in.
That's right.
Want to thank Bill Tanner and Mark Mosley.
I know that they've been trying to get through frantically.
Not here, probably hermit and McQueen.
They haven't called.
I'm sure they're thrilled about it.
And Joe Johnson called in to congratulate us from a magic.
And Jerry Sullivan called in to want to know if we wanted to borrow an SRDS.
And maybe a copy of R&R.
Miami, hello.
Hello?
Yeah.
Excuse me, you have a card.
I can't know you're choked up from all of this.
You really got what you wanted, honey.
No, I haven't got what I wanted.
I mean, all that $8,000 worth of equipment and that's something that you've been talking about for weeks and weeks.
Yeah, that $80 billion dollars worth.
They've got equipment up there that hasn't been invented yet.
And they've got equipment that nobody knows how to use and I'm not making that up.
A barbitch will have fun.
Yeah, the truth is we finally got our noignments.
Yeah, our $1,000 microphone.
That's the tune even make us sound good.
Yeah, I'm really upset though.
Why?
I'm going to get this straight.
You're going to be Monday through Friday, 60, 10, right?
It's very confusing.
Is that complicated?
Because I thought it was pretty simple.
I mean, it's tough enough changing my whole schedule around.
I mean, I need to do it.
What time do you get up, so to speak?
What about Saturday?
No, I'm not going to work today anymore.
One of the things that we strive for in this video.
You know what I'm not listening to?
I want to live with Saturday and inexpensive, underline in red ways of doing that.
If doing what Neil is doing.
I know.
Okay, I got it.
So let me hang up and think on that very well.
And I'll let you know what a plan for Saturday is.
Oh, well, wait a minute.
Can we put you down for number 14 during the week?
14 for Monday, 15 for Tuesday, you know, like on and on.
Okay.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay, you figure it out now.
Good call.
More lottery deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I just wanted to call for my congratulations.
Thank you.
I'm a loyal Xander listener and I like Legion.
You guys are going to do just fine.
We're going to have a good time.
But what I'd like to say for you know, Joey, you don't have to worry too much.
I'll tell you why.
The winter picking season is coming up to you.
Oh, we thought about that.
Oh, yeah.
I never realized you could eat a whole cookie during that.
Go ahead, sir.
I'm sorry.
I got emotional again.
Go ahead.
We're just glad that you're going to be moving over and obviously.
Okay.
When you be number 15, sir.
I sure will.
You can lock me in.
All right.
All right.
You can lock us in too.
You better believe it.
And I think they will.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Take care, Neil.
Okay.
Why do I sound so throaty now?
Is it possible that it's this food?
See, this will not be happening anymore.
Those who are offended by this disgusting barbaric display of eating on a year that's been going on now for weeks all over around this new now.
That'll stop.
In fact, this was probably a day.
He will be upset about that because he can't, you know, he can write along on the free lunch bandwagon here.
I know.
But if he plays his cards right, we'll let him come down here after we get off and he can buy us lunch.
Oh, that's a hell of an idea.
Doesn't that sound like a good idea?
With all the money I help you win at the track?
Well, we'll think about it.
Oh, not to enthusiastic about that.
Let me put it to this way.
When you, and I speak from personal experience, okay?
Yes.
When you have to pay for it, you appreciated that much more.
Notice the pregnant pause.
He didn't understand what I was talking about.
Yes, I understand.
Okay.
Just a joke.
A couple of reds, hello.
This is Neil Rogers.
Pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa, and this is your brain.
I told you, Joe Johnson would call it.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any question?
Let's go to...
Dave came over.
He's very nice this morning.
Wish this well, didn't he?
Yes, he did.
I like Dave.
Why did he shave his mustache, y'all?
I don't ask questions like that with him.
I've known him for a long time.
You know, we're old buddies.
Let's listen to that one more time, can we?
Sure.
If it ever queues up, well, you know, Dave, he forgets, you know.
I'm not sure I know why he put a 10 second bit on a five and a half minute cart.
It doesn't, uh, but he's one to be sure, you know.
Well, you don't want to still overdo it.
Right.
They'll want you to play it twice in a row.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any question?
I rest my case.
Yeah.
Plantation, hello.
Is it true, Neil?
What?
I heard that Jamie and Marth, you're going to be taking your spot from 10 till 2.
You know, it's interesting you should mention it because I was just...
No, seriously, I was just wondering only moments ago.
In fact, I even got the very famous cart out that Jay Michaels put together.
You know what would happen to Jay?
Wait a minute.
Okay, there's that haunting music again.
Theme to Doom.
Are we going to have to contend with him in the morning to think?
I hope not.
I have a question.
Okay.
The good news is that they don't get up better early.
You have to worry about them from 6 till 10.
The bad news, of course, is that if they should happen to get up better early,
and you've graduated from AM to FM, they go for diamonds no longer gold.
Oh, there's going to be trouble.
And I wanted to quit something up the stage there.
Yes.
And I don't want you to take this wrong, Neil.
You know, this is the first day of just to clear things up.
It was not Jamie who said that about Neil.
It was me.
But Neil don't get upset.
Why are you up on me?
You know, just tell me and I'll hang up.
When he said those guys are the two biggest...
But I only met it.
It was a fit of passion.
You know, I didn't really mean it, because I love him.
I tried to kiss that talk louder.
But I meant it because I was just upset.
But no heart.
Why are you saying I love him?
Who are all the brownies there?
Oh, well...
The other two.
The family doesn't talk to any more, by the way.
What is this guy talking about?
Jamie and Marcie.
Yeah.
Well, this is delicious.
Okay.
Okay, will you ask Karen happy birthday?
Who?
Karen, the blonde.
Karen.
The blonde, the sweet.
What sweet?
The one from the melting pot.
Do you know what, Karen?
In the fish dress.
I know the one you wouldn't talk to.
In the fish dress?
Yeah, the blonde.
The one that Stan was talking about.
Oh, you mean the Marcy sister?
No, she's not her sister.
She's her sister-in-law.
Well, whoever the hell it was at that table of misfits over there.
Yeah, happy birthday, Karen.
Okay, thanks, Neil.
Good luck.
Adios.
But it's like the whole audience is related to them now.
You know what I said?
It's like a soap opera.
Yeah, it's like some kind of a grotesque,
incessional relationship.
Why I appreciate you not taking him as number 16, but...
Oh, I wouldn't.
He wouldn't count anyway.
You bet.
His book ever showed up in Beltsville.
They would laugh, you know, get serious.
Tamarack, hello.
Hi, Neil.
You made the Jewish channel again today.
Oh, I heard there was another cost...
Costic piece of Dreck in there on Sookas, no less.
Yeah, but they list all the sponsors.
Is that right?
Peaches, boy.
Wait.
All sponsors, they list there.
Wonderful.
And I, people...
Yeah.
And they give it to W.I.N.Z.
They give it to you.
But listen, anyway, lots of luck, Ian.
You'll move out to get a pearly, not only listening here.
Excellent. You can be number 16, sir.
I'll be there.
Thank you.
Yeah, okay.
I have an idolaty.
You too.
See, that's a happy circus.
That's a good 16.
Yeah, he's a good caller.
And he's also one of our wind super-spot.
Super-spot.
I know.
Soon to be one of our Zeta's super-spot.
Nice.
Letting us know what's happening.
The Jewish urinal of all publications.
Can you believe that?
Isn't that something how your own turn on you?
Yeah, and it's something.
Shameless.
Shameless.
Don't ever put an ad like that in there about Zeta.
No.
They can't.
12 minutes before one at W.I.N.
I almost forgot which station we're on.
WZ.
WZ.
D-N-T-A.
Whatever the hell this is.
I'm telling you, this bomb is so efficient.
Like by the half hour we got all the business played already.
It's just incredible.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because we, that was not supposed to be a break there.
That was my fault.
You know how quickly he caught us.
Saved us from humiliation, degradation, close, and embarrassment.
Speaking of embarrassment, let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi.
Jamie's fifth cousin.
All right.
Listen, if you happen to know the name of Jamie's Proctologist, by the way.
Yeah, Dr. Bendovic.
Oh, yeah.
Listen, it looks like I'm finally going to be able to wake up with you.
OK.
They'll be talking about that, sir.
Man, I don't even have to buy you a drink first.
Or a dress.
This is one of Wenzes's super spies.
Did you happen to tune into Joey today?
I caught a little bit.
Did you hear when he was cutting down Linda?
Yes, I did hear that.
And I told her about it, and she's, she will not go on that show.
No.
You're the only one I think she should do the guy.
Yeah.
When he caught a wrist slot, that was discussed.
I couldn't believe it.
Yeah.
No, he didn't caught a wrist slot, but pretty close.
You know, round.
Yeah.
You know, I'm used to him saying he gave you your start in Betevia, but you know, a hundred
thousand years ago.
Yeah, he gave me my start to a hernia.
Listen, not only do I want to be number 17.
Mental.
Number 17.
I also want to comment on Anthony Michael Hall of Out of Bounds.
Yeah.
No talent.
Absolutely not.
No, he's got nothing.
He's ugly and he's gangly and he's just disgusting.
Is that, was that Arlene doing the Godfather on a stand show yesterday?
Yeah.
Was that embarrassing or what?
That was great.
Okay.
I thought it was the Godfather.
Better than yours.
Oh, come on.
Siri.
Are you kidding me?
I'm going to call on stand show today and request that she do it.
I'll give you a fair here and I'll come back.
Chinese food just arrived by the way.
So you thought we were joking?
No, I heard it.
We thought you were being hosed again, right?
No.
Chinese is out front.
You want me to go to get it?
Yeah, sure.
Look at that.
Are you still hungry?
Yeah, you only had two deli sandwiches, six still pickles.
I have a pita coleslaw, cookies, and about 16 cookies.
Are you still there, sir?
He's gone.
What happened to him?
He had no more to say, I guess.
No.
He got what he wanted.
He's number 17 and he's having a cake.
Oh, yeah, but he was also the one that's hot for Arlene.
Oh, well that was...
So, have a heavy choice to make during the morning.
You'll either have to listen to us on Zeta.
Or listen to Arlene and my...
Yeah, I have a...
Rob Elbows on the A.M.
A heavy choice.
Is that it, just a coincidence?
Shame on you.
Shame on you.
Unsook is no less.
The festival of fruit.
Well, he said that her godfather was better than yours.
And that upset her butt was bigger than the godfather's.
Hollywood, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
How you doing?
Good.
You can put me down for number 18.
Great.
This is Diane.
Hi.
We need a lot more women people in the morning.
Yeah, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Young women.
I have a perfect send-off for you.
And Stan's not going to like this very much.
But I think Donnie ought to call you between now and tomorrow.
Donnie?
Donnie.
Don Johnson.
Donnie.
Wouldn't that be something?
No, we're going to wait.
He listens to Zeta, I heard.
So we're going to wait till we're over there.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I don't think Stan could live with it though if Donnie called you between now and then.
Oh.
He would never speak to me again.
He wouldn't.
He'd have nothing to talk about then, loyalty.
I mean, he drives everybody crazy with that.
You know that he took that cart out of here again?
I was looking for it and he took it out of here again.
I don't know.
He sure has a suspension.
I think he hates women.
No, not what I heard after the last few days.
I don't know.
He sure has a suspension with Don.
Well, he's been real busy the last few days.
Maybe he'll stop that kick.
Yeah.
Donnie calls in.
Maybe he'll go to something else.
Hopefully.
I think that could do it.
That could be the straw that broke his whatever.
Okay, so Don, if you're listening down there in the trailer, give me a call.
Thanks a lot.
Bye, Diane.
Thank you.
Does that say dear Roger?
Dear Roger's.
Yeah, please enjoy lunch.
They are as exotic and imaginative as you are on the air.
Sincerely yours.
One hung on.
I don't know.
Some dumb boys.
I think.
From the walk in.
And we thank in the walk in, of course, is in the better right that on the log.
W.O.K.I.N.N. and the walk in.
It's in the Jacaranda Square shopping plas in a corner of Sunrise and Pine Island.
In a same shopping center is Wind Dixie.
Where my good friend Rob works.
The one who sent you that note.
That same rock.
The one who sent me the note that I've had bronzed.
You carry it with you.
He does not photograph well at all.
I'll tell you I was in there the other night.
He doesn't even know who I am.
I don't think.
Which is good.
And I was in there the other night.
I looked at him and I thought of that picture and I said, boy, it's funny how some people just don't photograph.
I'm ready.
You looked at him.
Stared.
Now come on Rob.
Don't.
Oh, by the way, Glenn Irman says, how I shall be hanging out for you.
Oh.
I have to go for a minute.
She's around here.
Some a lot of work in the program.
A lot of work in the program.
We're going to play the best Melo Rocker beat 1850s.
Next caller is on a pay phone and wishes we get to it already.
Hello.
Neil, this is Mrs. Kakie.
Joe's mother.
How come you're so excited?
I've been out captive in a basement for three months.
We're listening to Joe.
He's on the radio.
He thinks.
But he's not.
He's slightly make crazy.
I can't take it anymore.
What am I going to do?
The only good thing is I can stick my walkman on a bit of cover and listen to you in the morning.
Great.
I'm going crazy now.
Okay.
I'd like to hear you in the phone.
You were the monitor.
You were on the pay phone.
I liked her.
Boy.
Joe's the Kakie's mother.
Well, you have an open line in Brown.
If any of the Browner celebrities are waiting to call through.
Yeah, Waxies in Browner, didn't it?
I'm going to get the car.
Hurry up and put my eats, Mosseum.
I'm going to get the car.
Oh, no, you're not, Jim.
Did you forget what night this is?
No, Mosseum.
No way is your mother and those two evil step sisters coming over here tonight.
No, no.
It's Bill Parmesan night with our idols.
Stand major in Neil Rogers.
Oh, no, you don't.
I am not sitting here while Stan Majors undresses you with his lear and ingeeran and that Neil Rogers eats a set up.
What a house they call.
Jamie, I mean so much to me and my sister.
All right, all right.
Just this once.
Hey, what happened to my bowling money?
Oh, oh, that.
Well, I forgot to tell you.
The only way I can get them to come over was to bribe their agent.
The bird.
What?
With diamond?
Not yet.
Just the lovely rope chain with his name and gray on it.
Will Stan and Neil really eaginner over the evil home of Marcy and Jamie?
The last known personality to eat there was Lee Fowler and he was never heard from again.
There he is.
And baby, you're the greatest.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, you know, the truth finally came out that I didn't say all those things there.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Is this Jamie?
Yeah.
I'll go call CNN.
AP, new PI, ABC and EC.
New health.
Just like news week, the National Inquirer, People magazine, People magazine.
What's up, Jamie?
Well, you know, I really felt that it wouldn't change your guy's opinion of me whether I told you the truth or not, that I didn't say those things.
And I felt that, you know, I, it's.
Well, you say, Dave, I'm beginning to discover Dave likes to start these little ugly rumors, he told me that Brian said terrible things about me.
That's right.
With Josh who said terrible and I was Jamie and I know.
We didn't talk to you about it.
It was Dave who said these things.
No, Dave was right.
My brother did say those things and I was standing there doing what I was saying.
Come on, don't say it.
Let's go.
It's not going to be right.
But I knew that I should just go along with it because, you know, you guys are picking and not me.
And I was it.
But anyway, we called this party and I want to say, congratulations on your new move and we think it's going to be really good for you.
And it's about time that, you know, there was some competition over there.
Well, now does this mean that you guys are going to be listening in the morning?
Well, yeah, on the way to work.
I have a portable phone so you might hear from me.
Oh my god.
Oh, mobile.
Mobile.
Well, thanks a lot for all the fun we've had and, uh, thanks for all of your.
We have, uh, polated into a fortune.
Wait a minute.
Did you say thank you?
Yes.
Oh, great.
So you know, he's happy.
That's what I was really waiting for.
Did you hear that?
Now he's dribbling at the chin or some of them.
Well, thanks a lot, Neil.
That made me feel so good.
Okay.
Great.
Bye-bye.
There you go.
That's great.
Great.
Paul, yeah.
We even brought Jamie around.
Just great.
Marcie's next.
Well, get the man to work on this.
Yeah.
I bet he's very happy about that.
Because he really has wanted us secretly to make up with that family for reasons unknown to most of us.
But we can imagine.
And what a family they are.
My wolf has a very expensive look on his face sitting in the wind's newsroom, probably, um, having, having second thoughts about, uh, degrading himself and totally.
Blowing away his news credibility.
He's got the headline CBS minus the McLaughlin Pivenspot in position one is coming up at one o'clock.
And a 106.
I'm positive when we come back all the superstars from local radio are going to be calling it.
It's going to be great.
Often imitated, impossible to duplicate.
Get the original unabridged Neil Rogers.
Right here midday's 10 to 2 on W.I.N.Z.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
New this fall on ABC.
He's a wacky right wing judge who acts like he's from another planet.
No, no, no, no, Mindy.
Let me touch you there.
Jesus, Zany, liberal, Vimbo who takes him in.
Oh, poor.
To gather there, fork, and Mindy.
Oh, poor.
You're not what you've done to our Constitution.
Oh, what's that, Mindy?
You just overturned the first amendment.
Yes, but pretty much teach you what it comes down.
Don't miss Justice Robert Bork and Pam Dobble.
In the county that's got Congress screaming.
You'll laugh, you'll cry.
You'll kiss the bill of rights goodbye.
Coming.
Want to see what's in my robe?
Oh, poor.
That's my fork, and Mindy.
It's coming this fall if we let it.
Sure thing.
One o'clock at W.I.N.Z.
Our final hour here on a Thursday, which means let's see four hours tomorrow and four on Saturday.
Only eight hours, nine hours, correct, on A.M.
Mindy's commercial time, so.
Yeah.
Pretty exciting.
You notice who disappeared now?
The bird.
Who is that up there?
That's some, what's your name?
I can't see from here.
I can't.
You can't see anything down here.
I can only see a shadow.
That's not Irma.
Yeah, that's not what I said.
I can't see your face, Irma.
Oh, there it is.
It is, Irma.
Oh, I would recognize those anywhere.
That is Irma.
Those eyes, those eyes, those beautiful eyes.
What happened to our feathered friend?
He cramped out on his nose at a good excuse.
He went out of the studio to see Irma.
He's probably sucking up Chinese food in the kitchen.
I wouldn't understand that.
I wouldn't be surprised.
I mean, we really appreciate all of Chinese.
We were only able, you know, a little nibble here and there because we had all this other food.
But somebody we all know and love is probably in there right now
sticking a little one-ton next to his cuddlebone.
Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I was very glad to hear the news this morning that you're going to go to FM.
Were you?
But...
Why do you have a show on AM?
Certainly, don't.
Just a joke, sir.
Who's going to take your place?
Jay?
Yeah, Dave is going to...
No, Jay Michaels is taking our place.
What about would Mr. Crawler be considered after he's released from that room?
Ranset, Vail of Pears.
Unfortunately, no.
And I have very hostile feelings about that.
But again, whatever I tell them here, they do the opposite.
So, unfortunately not.
That's too bad because he really was entertained.
Yes, he is.
And the genuine talent and a good friend.
But, you know, it probably would have made a little too much sense.
Are you right about that?
And you know that our AM station rarely does anything that makes too much sense.
So, what can I say?
What can I say?
Can I say something bad about WIOD?
Oh, please.
Well, immediately if not sooner.
I think they should be known as a station with their nose welded to Mr. Robbie's rectum.
Well, that's a good way to put it.
Very, very succinct.
Aren't we?
So, I figured we'd use that language.
But I am glad you said Mr. Robbie.
Well, that's what they call him when they...
He's Mr. Robbie to us.
They crawl from under the soles of his shoe to talk to him.
Yep.
And to lick in those warm private parts.
That's right.
Yep.
Imagine at that age he probably doesn't shower.
That's IOD for you.
That's right.
And I...
They got a lot of credibility, you know.
Oh, sure they do.
Sure they do.
It makes me sick to listen to their sports stuff.
Anyway, I am looking forward to listening to you on FM.
Thank you.
Well, very Manolo, okay.
Oh, okay.
That'll do it.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, we will not be playing Barry Manolo under penalty of death.
Davey, hello.
Now.
Yeah.
Wow, welcome to my world.
Dave, Bruce, how you doing?
On a Thursday.
On a Thursday, right?
A question and a comment.
Is it...
Nothing will ever come of that.
It's not to get enough.
For Fred McMurray, Freddie Martin, Frank Motek, or Fresh Meat.
I mean, is that...
Am I correct in that?
Absolutely, yeah.
That's not part of it, right?
No.
I mean, then wish everyone a happy circus to all the hitters in the world.
And we're about to record our own version of Planet Air by Whitebird.
Great.
Okay.
And stepping down may become the career of the 90s, what's all be prepared.
Okay.
Thank you.
Later.
Okay.
I don't have any idea what he said, but it was a great call.
Okay.
Will you stop the crap up there, please?
Already with...
You know, if you're going to contribute to this show.
Well, which so far today, we haven't heard it.
Boy, oh boy.
He didn't have him heard, yeah, isn't he?
He's a happy man.
He just got a little...
Little...
Little beacon the old basket there or something.
I don't know what that boy was.
But, yeah, nosing around there with Irma.
And Irma says it was his...
Oh, I can't say that on either.
Oh, it was his idea.
I'll bet it was.
Well, I'm sure it wasn't your idea.
Hope not.
She said it was all your idea.
And she's disgusted and beholded and was it good for you
or something like that.
Is that the end of the message, Irma?
Okay.
By the way, now about your friend Scott.
Trust me.
Okay.
Where are we going next?
Let's go to...
Is he a close friend of yours?
He used to have a crush on her.
Really?
Before we got tight with Jay.
Irma is an old friend of mine.
Another old friend of mine.
Now, I think Linda Thornton pegged it yesterday.
Another old acquaintance.
Orn is a word you toss around very casually.
Very loose.
You know, I don't think you've got too many friends in this business.
A acquaintance.
Yeah, a gold acquaintance.
And what do they say about that?
Should old acquaintance...
North Dayd, hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah.
Mrs. Moss is rabbi.
Hi.
Neil, this is the guy that I could translate you be yelling.
Shalom.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I'm happy to hear you guys moving in time, but I don't wake up there early.
Well, you will.
I will.
You will?
Yeah.
We're doing a new thing.
It's called late to bed early to ride.
Yeah.
What the hell is there to do in this town at night anyway?
There's nothing to do.
Well, I mean, you won't get a girlfriend.
I mean, you're good.
Well, you can do that at any hour, sir.
But it's for more fun at night, you know.
Why?
What do you mean it's more fun at night?
Like right now, it's a quarter after one.
And if you had somebody real hot there right now,
I guarantee it would be real good, okay?
I don't know.
Hey.
Are the burdens who I, right?
No.
Oh, I'm the guy that keeps hanging around.
You keep throwing me out.
What?
Keep hanging around with you?
Who's our good?
You know what these are?
Probably.
What?
I don't know, but they're good.
They'd be good.
I'd be yelling for meat and so many of them.
Some cookies.
I don't know what they're.
No, Mary.
You know, I've come about two or three times and...
Oh, you always, uh...
Yeah.
You always coming over wanting to come in and...
Take over the show.
Take over the show, yeah.
We can...
We do a course on a keynote.
And we keep throwing you out.
Yeah.
You do?
That's all right.
The ice cream store, didn't I?
Yeah, back here.
Who is he?
I'd like to come on the show.
I'd like to come on the show.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
The coffee was good.
That was good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'd like to come on the show.
Do I know this guy?
No.
No.
No, you mean come on the show.
We're not going to have people on the show on the...
Yeah.
And we got lead gelat in the bird in me.
Where are we going to have strangers?
Uh-uh.
Not strangers, but I'm family.
I'm...
No, you're a stranger.
No, not I'm family.
With somebody.
Maybe.
Like maybe a Nashville where they have those big eggs that they hatch.
Um, Glenn.
I'm stuck stand by me last night.
Uh-huh.
Second time.
Excellent movie.
Wow.
Who felt it?
Excellent movie.
Yeah.
Have you caught Angel Heart?
Angel Heart I saw in the theater.
Not X-Flight.
Oh, I loved it.
Weird movie, but I loved it.
Have you seen fatal attraction yet?
No.
That's X-Flight.
That's in the same genre.
Did you get that word genre?
Did you hear that?
Well, I'm pretty impressive.
Um, no, for that music from um, um,
um, total play the music from Do's,
that lady, I want you to smoke it.
Wait a minute, from Doon?
Yeah.
Total play did had a rock backbeat to it.
For a song.
That's from The Honeymore.
The first few notes or something, right?
That's from The Honeymore.
That's not true.
Yeah, if you listen carefully to this,
this is also from The Honeymore.
The music from The Honeymore.
The music from The Honeymore.
All right, guys.
The one where Benny came here.
Was on a bus with Jackie Gleason.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay.
Wouldn't that be great if that was the first record we played?
Why not?
We could really fake lead geletta.
We could put this into car machine up there on Monday morning and start it.
And he would think we were going on and on and on and on.
Anything to drive lead nuts.
I'm all for.
I would love to see Rick Shaw try to do the talk up on that car.
Woohoo.
Yeah, he would, uh, even Ricky might run on.
In fact, let's give it a shot, should we?
Yeah.
No way, this could be exciting, ladies and gentlemen.
Hold on now.
Saying those things.
You can listen.
I had a half hour, 45 minutes and there's absolutely nothing on the air except this guy is a jerk.
That lady is a whatever and so on and on and on and on.
I mean, there's no discussion of situations of events of social problems.
Anything else?
It's just shock and freedom.
Oh my god.
Did you see that?
It's so close to some believable.
I know both at the same.
Yeah.
You know, we may have given Rick a new car.
They call it a simultaneous something.
Yeah, something.
I don't think we'd better say that.
A new format for Ricky station.
He can just put the intros of the records on car.
He doesn't need to play the records.
That would be good.
That's your revolutionary.
Yeah, revolutionary.
Okay, it's 117 at WINZ.
Let's cut the cramp here and we're going to get to the good calls.
Listen, we build an audience.
I think we're up to about 20 now, cutting Jamie and Marcy.
They count as two or one to a piece.
Available promise on twins and we'll be back right after this.
This is Neil Rogers and if you're looking for something out of the usual,
the Silverado Cafe is where you'll find it.
The Silverado Cafe prides itself on freshness,
a continental cuisine with a splash of California thrown in,
and a bit of fantasy.
It's a culinary journey along California's Silverado Trail
in the heart of the Napa Valley, where wine and innovative cuisine
intertwined magically to seduce your taste buds.
On the lunch menu from 1130 to 230,
choose from a variety of salads made from fresh hydroponic greens,
grown right on the premises to thick omelettes and sandwiches.
For dinner served from 6 p.m. on,
treat yourself to fresh, marinated jumble prawns,
or, there are other fresh seafood dishes,
homemade pasta, juicy steak, surveille,
plus a fine wine list with over 200 selections.
All of this and lots more.
The Silverado also has live jazz Tuesday and Thursday
and special guest artists on Friday.
The Silverado Cafe dinner reservations highly suggested
there are 35.28 South University Drive in Davy,
or call 474-99-998.
Oh boy.
Irma, if you only knew.
I didn't mean it that way.
I can't believe you said that.
Come on.
What did I, that's not what I,
let's forget it.
Come on.
We just a joke.
Yeah.
Lots of cars waiting out cost it.
Oh, not at all.
Of course not.
You're going to give me in so much trouble.
Just wait till Monday morning.
Oh boy.
Because when you go to do your disclaimers,
I will very discreetly leap out certain words
because I'm going to have your Mike's words.
And you're never once you dig a hole.
You'll never be able to crawl out over there.
See, here it's a different story
because they're busy eating lunch upstairs.
And they'll leave the mics open.
But it's frightening.
It's a good thing they didn't leave your mic open.
I mean, it was a slip of the tongue, but it just came out very tacky.
It would be like my saying that Mike and Arlene
are going to do a two-man news.
You know what I mean?
It's something like that.
No, that was close.
No, it was.
No.
Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
This is Marna.
You're never going to get your beak dipped again there.
Whatever that was.
Hello, Marna.
How are you?
Fine, how are you today?
Here comes Irma.
She's going to get even with you.
I'm great.
Good.
Looking forward to it.
Marna.
Maximification.
And somebody told me that you're leaving the station.
Yes.
Where are you going?
Going to our FFamination, Marna.
Oh, that's nice.
It sure is.
Right up the hall, Zeta 4, 94.9.
Monday through Friday, 6 to 10 AM.
Right.
Like when you're getting up in the morning.
Yeah, that's all right.
You want a good laugh and you want to have a little fun in the morning instead of being depressed.
Uh-huh.
And instead of hearing 16 obscure records in a row, you know.
Are you going to be doing the same bit or what?
The same stick, you bet.
Stick.
Is this Marna at Steve's?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Steve's.
I would know that voice anywhere.
We sure enjoyed all those pizzas you sent over.
We sure did.
I'm glad you did.
Yeah, they were great.
Yeah.
And Stan loved them too.
Yeah, but he likes to take a few and you get too much cholesterol from that.
Yeah, yeah, you're right.
Well, he's just a cheesy kind of a guy, you know.
So what's your favorite record these days, Marna?
Nobody meals from Egg Pizza in the morning for breakfast.
Oh, come on.
No food in the morning here, Marna.
Not permitted.
Egg pizza.
Yeah.
Chee.
And Egg McPizza.
No, you were into the Pope's mocks dope for a while with your favorite song.
I was supposed to get my tape.
You didn't get them?
No, I'll only never burn them.
Oh, no.
Who never brought them?
Arlene.
Arlene.
Arlene.
Oh, she'll do it.
Yeah, the Pope's mocks dope in the I-95.
Yeah, they're both on there and we'll get on that for you.
Great.
Listen, I want to answer questions.
Someone was telling me that you wanted to know that you got the answer on how many holes in a white trampoline burger?
Five.
You got it.
Four, one on each corner and one on the middle.
Am I right?
Right.
Okay.
Okay.
I just figured it out.
We're not a little slow.
Good life.
Okay, you too.
A bite.
Great to hear from her.
Stations, stuff.
Just coming up any minute now.
It's 124 at Winds.
And I had a little something I was going to do here before we take our next call because I know the next call be a big celebrity.
Like Joey.
Or maybe Larry Kent.
A really big celebrity.
And then, sir, how sweet of you to call.
I was feeling so lonely.
I was afraid you forgot about our twin tonight.
I think tanning on the air, so I'd be darker than you would ever imagine.
My pale blue eyes, and long blonde hair, I should have seen it.
There she goes.
I can't see if they conscious the golden texture of my skin.
When you drop eyes, you'll notice quite a long back spleen, little number with the blue and white stripes.
It shows your muscles with a definition that never fails to take my breath away.
I turned up the heat and the quake, so that it twirled, because it flew away the change in several days.
I look forward to your embrace, to hearing the smoothness of your voice, to your novel my cheek, until I manage to escape your grasp.
And this is here beneath the water, after a quick splash, to help your face with your broken lips.
When you catch me with this strong, as I try to wiggle free, you know how I love this game.
And you pull me tight to your chest and envelop me with your arms, while the water ripples and dances on a swirl of bubbles.
Okay, well listen, thanks very much.
We got an important call coming up here.
Wait a minute. Hello.
This is the first official call.
Hey, good.
From the beautiful car outside, the WINZ.
Oh, the Cougar.
Yeah, what a great sounding call.
Okay, sounds good.
By the way, man, I tell you one of the best sound systems I've ever heard.
Oh yeah, I got a great outline.
What'd you do? Take that out for a second.
Take the rhythm.
Yeah, with a delta, I know.
Almost as good.
Did Glenn come alive?
Oh yeah.
Happy when I was there.
Oh, well, your food did it, Glenn.
Okay.
Yeah, you changed his disposition.
And then Irma came in.
We cleaned that in that little peck on the cheek.
Yeah, that was it.
I thought it was me.
I had to call him.
Oh no, no, no, no.
Okay.
One thing, one question we wanted to ask you though.
I mean, is this phone going to work from Gerbers?
Oh, oh, by all means.
Okay.
That's all we wanted to know.
Well, Neil, I just wanted to tell you, you don't mind if I take a ride around and maybe come back and...
Let me tell you, Glenn, for my part, you can take it to the Jacksonville and leave it parked there.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, Eddie, I know that everybody is listening out there.
I just want to, I want them to know the appeal of when you say something over the air.
Yeah.
It just called, uh, cellular wholesalers.
And the phones have been ringing off the hook.
Excellent.
And you're going to announce the special.
Any legitimate calls.
So what we're doing is, we're going to extend the special through Sunday.
Oh, excellent.
And we're going to have Sunday.
I'm sorry, we're going to add one more thing to the special, the Neil Roger special.
We're going to add the mobile portable phone.
Mobile.
From 1595, they're usually 23.
Beautiful.
So that's the Neil Roger special.
And I'm, I'm just going to make myself comfortable in here and make a few long distance phone calls.
Yeah.
Call Hawaii for me.
I got a bunch of call Jack Lord for me.
Will you please?
But it's ready to go and after the show will give you the grand tour.
How to use your new toy.
Beautiful.
Okay, thank you.
How about the phone, Glenn?
Okay.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay.
Well, that's not a good thing.
Yeah, that did sound great for a car phone.
That was beautiful.
949, 9100.
That's a number for cellular wholesalers.
And I just say it with a whole sailor.
It has a Gerber 949, 9100.
The Neil Roger special are extending it all through the weekend.
And you know, we're going to make it so cheap to have a phone in your car that everybody can call us on mobile in the morning.
Yeah.
We just have Stan put it on car mobile mobile.
You do that for us.
I doubt it.
Well.
South day.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Is this me?
This is you.
Okay.
And this is me.
I'm first time caller and I want to congratulate you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Can we count on you to be there?
Well, I've got a problem with us.
Oh, boy.
I've got to...
I like your show and it's...
I'm fact...
It's very difficult for me to ever call you because I do work.
And the only reason I am calling you today is because my son is at a school.
And I was able to tune in and stay tuned in on the phone.
Right.
The problem I have in the morning though is I don't want my son to hear your show.
Oh.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
How old is he?
I want about 25.
Seriously.
How old is he?
He's nine.
Oh, come on.
Do you know that I had a letter the other day from a seven-year-old boy who listens to the show?
But after what you said about watching Mommy Dearest, I...
Mommy Dearest.
What did I say about that?
You don't remember.
You said you watched Mommy Dearest and you had to change your underwear three times.
Oh, what's wrong with that?
Well, I couldn't explain that to him.
I mean, you would ask...
Oh, it's very easy to explain.
Just tell him to remember when he was a little baby and he used to do a little tinkle in his underwear.
And it's just a joke.
I know it's a joke.
I can appreciate it.
But I don't know if he can tell if I'll say it.
Oh, yes, he can.
Now you're selling him short, believe me.
Just a little joke.
I know.
I mean, if that's the worst thing we ever said.
But he's a dying heart attack.
I'm not a victim.
He's an awesome boy.
Well, you'll have to switch back and forth.
We'll, uh, you know, we'll share.
Drop the faucet school and then quickly turn the channel.
There you go.
What time does it go to school?
I dropped the faucet 830.
Oh, well, it gives you an hour and a half.
Yeah.
To listen in peace.
I'll definitely peace.
Okay, we'll save the dirty stuff till after 830.
Promise?
Okay.
Okay.
Also, what is Stan gonna do now that he's not gonna have any...
For people following over?
Well, Stan is gonna be doing a dictionary definitions on his show every day.
In fact, today, uh, he's gonna start with words that can be a noun and a verb.
And the first one today is troll on the Stan Major show.
And the definition of that is rickshaw?
Yeah, very good.
Huh.
That's really good.
Well, you know, when you start saying these things and playing those songs that he plays,
uh, with the lyrics that are in there, it dies.
It's, it's shocking.
Guys are quick.
I know.
You are very quick.
We're as sharp as a mots of ball.
A floater.
Okay, listen, have a wonderful life and please don't desert us.
I, I, I, I won't believe me.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
That was a, that was a tough one.
No, well, look, she's got a legitimate point.
She doesn't want to corrupt the mind of her young son.
Boy, she only knew, she only knew what he was talking about with his young friends.
And as cool as you are, she'd be the best.
I'm serious.
Those little kids, you know, like her, uh, river penis and all those little kids.
You wouldn't believe the stuff that comes out of their mouth or, or the stuff that goes in there.
How, how, how, what could I say?
Oh, terrible.
Terrible.
How could you say that?
The joke.
Mm.
Just, Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, I don't believe it.
Yes, and DD, do, do, do.
Wait a minute.
I would know this voice anywhere we've been expecting your call.
And people will talk about it at the water cooler.
Yeah.
And I bet they are too.
Congratulations on your FM promotion.
Thank you.
Uh, but new shirt travels fast, don't it?
It sure do.
During, uh, news break, they played the McDivitt pivot spot.
They did play it.
Yeah.
So, you know, I guess news travels fast.
Oh, I guess Bob forgot to cover the spot.
He was, uh, he was busy eating.
He was, uh, he was busy eating.
Oh, boy. Well, Bob and Trouble now, huh?
Yeah, your new, uh, engineer on next Tuesday will be Bruce Williamson.
It's gonna be great.
Yeah, you get to hear the Michael Jackson glove and stereo, right?
Yeah, that'll be good.
By the way, how was the spot?
How did it sound on the spot?
The, um, a glauquent pivot.
How was it?
The David pivot.
Is that how you say it?
Yeah.
It's hard to understand that guy when he was saying it.
Oh, it's 10 and a quarter interest or something.
That's all I caught on it.
Great.
Um, look through the rumor mill.
I heard, uh, rumor just recently that since, uh,
you're going on to the, uh, morning drive that hermene McBean
is getting yanked off GTR again.
And they're going to put in Bill McQuig.
Oh, I can't wait for that.
Joey is really in trouble now, right?
Heavy duty, yeah.
Uh, let's see.
What else I want to ask you?
Is Jeff Chase still going to be over there?
No.
Oh.
Okay.
Let me see it again.
I heard you.
No.
Hey, uh, one thing.
You know, one of you could play that car lot, uh, that you have.
Car lot.
One, with the guys that's selling cars and they're yelling
because it's Sunday.
Do you have any idea what he's talking about?
I think he's, do, must be a bit from hermene McBean.
Oh, no.
No, come on, you, you, you, you, you, I haven't got any idea what you're talking about.
Got a car, car, car, car, car, you know, they're always yelling and everything.
Yeah.
Bill, you got a, you got a car there.
Boy, it sounds good.
I've never heard it.
Yeah, that sounds like the beginning of a good bit.
Yeah.
I'll come on.
I don't know what you call it, but that's, uh, what it is.
You know, I saw something in there.
I swear.
You did?
Yeah.
I swear, yeah, it's a stand play.
Oh, a stand play is a lot of the marginal stuff that I don't touch.
Yeah, I swear.
I swear it's this car lot on the front or something.
Car lot?
I swear.
Bobby, in your rack, Bill.
Doesn't say Chrysler, does it?
I don't know.
No, Chrysler's the other one now.
It's not it.
How about Crack-Go-Road Repair?
That sounds good.
Would you settle for that?
Okay, great.
No, you won't settle for that.
I, I just don't know what it doesn't even ring a bell.
You know, it doesn't sound vaguely familiar.
You know, I've never heard it, but I know I've seen the lady.
You've never heard it?
Uh-uh.
It exists, but I don't know what the hell you call it.
How about Kung Fu Theater?
Now.
I don't know.
I don't think.
Boy, it sounds great.
It really does sound excellent.
It is funny, and I just wanted to, you know, a chance to hear it again.
I think it's way to yesterday on Stand Show, and I just got to tell you.
Maybe it's one of his.
Maybe we're sitting here wasting our time looking in my rack, and it's over here with all of the stuff that he hides.
He's been hiding a lot of stuff lately, you know?
Is that it?
Huh?
Oh, look at this.
We just found Dian Florida.
Huh?
See, now we may not find what you want, but, you know, the process we may find a lot of good stuff that we want.
You know what I'm saying?
This could be a bonanza.
May he rest in peace.
You know, that sounds good.
Go ahead and put that in.
Wait, you want to hear Dian Florida?
Okay, this is worth it, okay?
Okay.
Have a good day.
Have a good suckers.
Bye.
I'll leave it there.
It's okay.
Now this, I had the panic.
And look at the timing of this.
He just came wandering in the door only as we speak.
The same man who has these evil red and blue pens striking terror into the hearts of cartridges from coast to coast.
Congratulations.
I think.
Yeah, to all of us.
By virtue of listening to some of your callers today, I'm beginning to wonder.
Why?
We had great calls.
We had very, very, very good.
Where are you going to be?
Oh, well, look.
What are your callers?
What are your callers?
I'm going to win.
One day you're going to be able to win.
This is because my callers aren't smart enough to operate computers.
You know what I mean?
Boy, did they all be called and congratulate you?
No, Mr. Ego, you sure he'll be able to win.
No, he'll probably be on that, uh, what, no, 10 o'clock.
Yeah, 10 o'clock.
Yeah.
It was always challenging me saying that I wouldn't take him on, you know, and then when I was on 10 to 2 and he had every opportunity to go in there up against me, all of a sudden he went in there 2 to 6.
Doesn't that strike you as a little bizarre?
Well, I have to look into that birch yesterday.
Yeah, that's bizarre.
They're probably a...
Well, but that birch, you know, I know the birch.
Yeah, I know the birch.
It's a little...
But it's incredible.
Yeah, he's not doing much.
No.
Not exactly setting a new standards for the broadcast industry at IOD.
Well, we want to wish you all the luck in the new standards.
Has he called in?
Yeah, Julie called it a long time ago.
I asked if anybody wanted to buy a house in Plain Tears.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Don't forget our first guest on Zeta Monday morning, Tom Shannon from Buffalo in North Tana Wanda.
Sonny Fox call.
No, Sonny hasn't called today.
How you going?
Nobody did though.
Jamie did call it.
You hear it?
Yeah.
Jamie has got a car phone as we found out the other day when he magically slipped through on your show.
Of course, we know that Marcy doesn't have a car phone.
Well, she has one, but it's hidden.
But anyway, Jamie, we said thank you to him and that immediately warmed him up and they promised they'll be listening there with bells on.
With bells on their nose and rings on their toes.
Good.
Maybe they won't be able to flip back to AM then.
Oh, no.
They wouldn't abandon you.
Slammy at times.
They wouldn't abandon you for love or money.
Because Jamie wants to share you.
Sure.
With your girlfriend, 23 before two at W.I. and Z, we're going to take a little break if that's okay at this point.
And I know there's a lot of, you know, what is that thing about the J walkers or the pedestrians?
So many pedestrians.
So much food and so little time.
That's Bob's going to have his own new bumper sticker up in the drawer.
$50.
Not too late to back out of that mortgage, Joe.
Come on.
I'm a spin.
My life's loving you.
Live right.
Work hard.
We're the good for you.
And when it's time to head south and round.
I want to go where the living is the best.
I want to head to my life, Bill.
Son, I want to live where even the old cat have fun like my running from me.
On those golden rings.
I want to die.
I want to die.
I want to spin my life loving you.
Live right.
Work hard.
We're the good for you.
And when it's time to head south and round.
I want to go where the living is the best.
I want to die.
Live right.
Live right.
Live right.
Live right.
Live right.
OK, now you got a transfer that's 135.
We don't have 134 in here.
Can you do that?
We'll wait.
Celebrity call coming up.
A bigger part?
I'm sure, but...
Remix, not on.
Hello.
No, he's busy.
Because he can't do that.
Don't you understand? He's busy up there.
He'll get to it.
Wait a minute. We got a celebrity call coming in.
Hello.
What are you doing now?
It's on there. Hello.
Celebrity caller.
Here it comes.
Any moment.
Speak to us.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Well worth it.
Perfect.
Did he get conned up there or what?
I see.
He had or what?
Sonny Fox my ear.
He said I was there because.
Yes, I know.
I know that wasn't Sonny.
I could understand.
Every word.
Yes, Sonny Motek.
That's more like...
But he sleeps during the day.
Who does?
Sonny.
I think the word...
That's why he sounds like that.
I think passes out.
Other words you're looking for.
Not sleeps.
Four lotterdale.
Hello.
Four lotterdale.
Hi.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Great.
Well, our pool company would like to pledge an hour to your show.
Great.
Fan-trastic.
Fan-trastic?
Yeah.
All good.
No, there's that an hour a piece of the whole company put together.
Well, let's see.
There's so many people in this company
who can have you covered for about a week.
For months.
Yeah, that's good.
Definitely.
You got as many as employees as we do.
You can cover from now till the end of my contract.
How's the next book is, right?
Yeah, right.
Are you having a good suckers?
Yeah, I'm having a great suckers.
Yeah, we had some very typical suckers food.
You know, some corn beef and pastrami.
Some delicious dill pickles.
Traditional suckers food.
Yeah, and a little Chinese soup, you know, with a little crepline in them.
Perfect.
Oh, are there some little chicken things?
Yeah.
A little Chinese people in the soup.
Yeah.
I need people to love that chicken stuff.
Little Chinese, Irvey Villaches in the soup.
Is Stan still there?
He's right here.
You better believe it, Chi-I.
Is he still trawling for a partner?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Just got one.
He did?
Who is it?
Oh, he just took the picture out of the mail.
Who is it?
Yeah, she's about two years old.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
She's cute.
Uh...
Stan forgot about those child labor laws, you know?
Brooke.
Well, I was going to bid myself, because I thought I had the credentials for it.
It sounds like you do.
Yeah.
It just so happens that I have brown hair and brown eyes.
Wow.
So, okay, so far.
Okay, and my name begins with a J.
Wow.
So far, you've got a leg up.
Judy?
Never guess.
You'll never guess.
Not Jennifer.
No, it's not Jennifer.
Lloyd?
No, you'll never guess.
Jill.
Oh.
Jamil.
No.
Jimmy.
No.
Jacaranda.
No.
Jacksonville.
She's right.
We'll never guess.
Never guess.
Jordan.
Jordan.
It's my Zoe either.
Joe.
No.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Go ahead.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
It would be funny if her name was Joey right.
Yeah, no.
Something that we don't even have to play as a name anymore.
It's simple.
Yeah, yeah.
Good, we get rid of that song.
Yeah, like everybody.
It's a lovely response.
Yeah, no problem.
That's great.
Go ahead.
What is it?
We give up.
Yeah, what are your other credentials?
No, what's the name for it?
Oh, first name.
My first name is Jade.
Jade.
That's pretty, isn't it?
Yeah, well, that's not that difficult.
We just didn't think of it.
We're just dumb.
I've known Jade's.
One of my guys just radioed in and told me they heard me talk to me.
Fantastic.
Well, you were everywhere.
You know, are your friend or acquaintance of the bird?
They listen all the time.
Ha, ha, ha.
Okay, Jade.
Well, what are you going to do now?
Are you going to send me a letter or something?
Well, yeah.
Are you really interested?
I really want to.
Because I'm desperately seeking a sidekick.
Well, I'd love to do it.
Okay.
All right.
Send me a letter.
Okay.
A little snapshot.
A little snapshot?
How little?
Oh, just a little tiny thing.
Just big enough to include all your bodily parts.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you, Jade.
Thanks.
And watch out for them.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
13-till-two, a WINZ.
North Miami, hello.
Yale.
Yeah.
I'm pretty disappointed.
About what?
About the switch.
Oh, my God.
This is our first one today.
First complaint.
That is like six to ten.
Who was up at those hours?
Hopefully, eight of my people.
Hopefully most everybody except the real degenerates
who sleep in the old tube.
It's not fair for you to do this to your loyal listeners
who do the eight rating.
Okay.
I'll stay here.
Fan.
Yes.
Do you actually believe that people think
that you guys got this machine?
That station is never going to spring for that?
Come on.
Okay, Senator, whatever you want to believe.
What machine?
The analyzer.
Oh, you're listening.
People are calling up.
He's telling them he's tracing their calls.
Oh, I didn't say that.
Yes, you did.
No, I didn't say that.
Have their number in address that...
I did not say anything.
You implied that.
Well, I may have implied something,
but I certainly didn't say anything.
Too much to say anything.
I can't help but what you think in your brain.
If there is one.
And you're going to lose any audience?
I'm going to be here at two o'clock.
We're going to do the same thing that we've done
since I came here in June 8th.
You know, if they want to tune in, they can tune in.
And...
I've not.
I've been listening at two and maybe from like nine to ten,
but earlier than that.
Well, considering the alternatives in the afternoon
and in the morning.
It's pretty...
It's bad.
I mean, this made the day pass like so easily.
I hope that guy replacing you is halfway decent
because these other people are...
You'll be just fine.
I have to give it a try.
Good luck.
It's the next appearance.
How is the melting pot?
Is that good?
Yes.
We'd be there Friday at 6.30.
Or is it nine o'clock?
Yeah, we'll be there a week and a half.
Next circus.
Or is it six with a week?
No, it really is great.
And if you haven't been there, you're missing it.
Expensive?
No.
Yeah, yeah. It's really bad.
Don't go.
Don't go.
What?
Yeah.
Listen, the appetizer is $43.
That's not too bad.
No, I...
Listen, the dessert is $150.
Have a wonderful meal, sir.
And we'll see you there next Monday.
And an even better life.
Okay?
Are you there?
There it goes.
Oh, it was.
He peeled on everybody where we had ice cream last night.
Yes.
Because I didn't hear you mention it?
Yes, I did.
Couple times.
About the new lady.
Was her name, Denise?
I don't know what her name is.
Because I don't have the muscle in on those young ladies.
And right away, we get their name in shoe size, like you do.
And Michelle will be there Friday.
I bet they had that delicious blueberry ice cream.
Oh, it was, yeah.
It was good.
Yeah.
And I mentioned the best part of it is that neither Brian nor Josh were there last night.
Right.
Susette was very nice.
Was a breath of fresh air.
Right?
We got that nice letter today.
And we sat down on the patio and people still came by yeah to say a nice people you know incredible
Including the god of business ahead there before we went you know none
What can I tell you
Did Don Johnson call you
What would you do if he called you would you would you would you trash this is your brain?
Ha
I'm sure he's listening Don
Call me you cut his mic off
Cut his my there is okay
Ten before two at W.I.N.C
The man is regressing again
Can't help it. He just thought he was just fine and all of a sudden out of nowhere out of the blue
You remember like in Dr. Jekyll and mr. Hight in the beginning he had to drink the potion to change and then after a while
Just spontaneously like in the middle of nowhere like in a public tea room somewhere
All of a sudden bingo don't call me on the pool. How come his mic is on again?
Nine before two it went to look him back right after this
Now what nature lovers everywhere. It's the collection you've been waiting for the national Audubon Society presents
The sounds of the bird. Yes
Fill your home with a wide variety of species that will charm you and your friends
Enjoy such gems as the sound of the red-breasted short-legged
Listen with glee to the slightly shocked cackler as he surprised in his nest
And who cannot be touched by the early morning wake-up call of the two-toed gaffer
You're here for the first time on any recording the mysterious and ominous mating call of the side-kicking vulture
and
And
Even your children will be thrilled when they hear the actual hatching of a whole nest of our feathered friends
These and more will delight you and your family for years to come the national Audubon Society is proud to present this collection to the bird-loving public
Call now one eight hundred five five five bird or right to the bird big Bikaiwa 80999
Said check or money order for five ninety nine for the album 1699 for the compact disc all
Moneys will be donated for the preservation of our feathered friend the bird
Six minutes till two and
W.I.
The
On now he's gonna be the A it's he's show coming up
He wants to burp and belch on a joy and sunny. I'll probably call him my show probably
Maybe here's what here's how it's a journal calling show if you keep burping like that. Here's what we'll do what
All of the big haunchos who were afraid to call in to wish you well. Yeah, we did have a call from how no fine
The very very nice. Yeah, but you know if you do call up the front office and all this kind of you know brown nose and up there
Well, you never know
They can start dialing in during the newscast at two o'clock. Yeah
All the lines will be available and then what and or we'll just I'll take the calls and
You can sit here for five minutes. Can't you? No, I got to go out and see my car phone and then we got to take a tour
I got news for you. They left
What do you mean they like they took your car and they're gone well he'd be right here okay
Glendee right here. Okay, okay, but they can call in and you know and say what what a way to milk see this he's milking his show
Kind of like the leftovers from my show. No, no, they left over celebrities who can't get in because you got among people calls
How is it sunny gets in every other day with no problem?
Is he ever had trouble getting through to you? No, but I don't have any callers except jerks in the first hour
Well, so doesn't that include him?
What do you mean except?
I think the jokes, honey. I think you a joke. I think you'd oh will call me because I like Rick and he likes me and I think he's a good guy
I think Joey would call me I even like Donald and I don't even know him, but he's a moron, but I like him
I don't go to Joey. I don't like nobody likes Joey
Even a guy that works with him and more hates him. He can't stand
Sunrise hello
Sunrise
Gone good game on you Miami. Hello
Yes
Notice how this kills the show when he takes phone calls go ahead leave my callers alone
Pay no attention to this maniac go ahead. Okay. How does my coffee?
Go ahead
Now
Go ahead man
See off. Yeah, are you there?
Noble oh yeah
Yeah, good. I was having problems with my radio. What it's they asked that girl for a snapper shot? Yeah
That's exactly it. Hey, listen Neil
I believe it like I tuned into W snooze and there was a special bulletin
I don't want to wire the thank you from a bottom of its heart
He's gone back to 10 o'clock and he wants to be the number one talk show host on AM radio. Yeah, right
Sure, that'll be the day. Yeah, exactly. Oh, Sandy. Oh, Sandy's dead body
Well, that's it. You see now you changed everything. You know, I can't listen to Joey anymore
I know
Burdine's now well listen, we'll make you an example you can pledge Joey one quarter hour a month
Pledging stuff by the way. No, he does that every morning. He's desperate. I don't understand his desperate. Are you gonna be pledging meal? Yeah, okay
I pledged to Neil Rogers now listen. I'm gonna
Remember that record by the Joe Jeffrey group. This is my pleasure. I love I love you
Play that Monday morning. I said a lot of going all oldies by the way
He's gonzers listening in the Scott all the other folks in say to all these
And Rick Peters
Or six a.m. No news at the top of the hour six a.m. No, we're not gonna make these long interruptions any of this boring stuff any these
A local and area news headline. Oh, excuse me Mike. Uh, none of this stuff. Okay, nothing is this. I don't have time
Okay, I do my survey the dirt. The other thing is goodbye
I guess the stands gonna be around so all your celebrities now. Let's clear the lines and let's get the really big names calling in from
