There's my friend cheerin' on for all.
I'm an 80s woman just like you and I've discovered a new pantyhose that really fits my crazy
lifestyle, not to mention my tremendous rear end.
It's the only pantyhose that tightens your tummy, flattens your thighs and whitens your
teeth.
It's made with natural fiber, calcium, iron and leaves your whole bathroom smelling fresh.
I demand a lot from life and I expect just as much from my hosery.
So I'm glad to know that this pantyhose can coat my stomach and turn hamburgers into
steakburgers while it reduces my tax burden.
What do you call a pantyhose that can do all this?
Sheer nonsense!
So on your next shopping trip, pick up the cracked egg with the picture of Pozo on the
front.
Because if you buy Sheer nonsense, you'll know you got hosed.
Well that's certainly a good point at which to start to show this morning and I think so
108 at WYNZ, well I'm getting choked up from the cigar.
Somebody sent over all these big Cuban cigars the other day and I'm going to smoke all
of them.
There are about 30 of them in the box.
I'm going to smoke them all today just to get ready for tapyhose.
Anyway, Bill Cosford, the movie critic, not okay hysterical because we're not going
to talk a lot about movies.
He doesn't know that yet but while I'm sure he probably does.
But he's going to be here at 11 o'clock for the last three hours of the show.
But in this first hour, I don't know how to say this.
I really don't but it's just so depressing and so morbid.
Now we're not going to talk about Westinghouse and the station being sold today.
That's depressing enough.
But Saturday show that we did here and I want to say these things in the right way because
I don't want to sound ungrateful to the people who came here on Saturday and who at least
had the guts to stand up for something.
Mike McKay and Bill Tanner and Irene Richard and Jeff Gonser and Jeff Chase.
At least we had five people from FM Radio in this market who had the guts to come here
and speak out on our so far campaign and speak out about free speech.
And I thought they did an excellent job.
Tanner in particular really was very articulate and knew the issues and laid it all out there.
The problem is that since that show, the response that we've had has been so minimal as to be
embarrassing.
I mean, I really was not even up to believe that that four hour show was going to be a catalyst
for just a monumental response, that the money was going to be pouring in here and that people
would be sending in their names and addresses.
And you know, the bottom line is, and I hate to say this because again, it makes me sound
like an in grade and I don't mean it in that respect.
But the bottom line is that the people who listen to those radio stations don't do anything.
The people who listen to FM in this market are like, they're just takers.
You know, they're button pushers and if they like the music at a given time, they punch it up.
And they listen, then as soon as somebody starts talking, they punch up something else.
And if you really believe that somebody who's listening to music is going to be an activist,
they're going to be involved or send their name and address it unless they can win something,
you're dreaming.
It just isn't going to happen.
And what can I say?
And what makes it even more frustrating is that the cowards in AM radio around this country,
they won't touch this thing with a 10 foot mizuza.
Okay, they just won't touch it.
They won't get involved.
And I keep, people keep giving me names and phone numbers and we keep calling the producers
of these shows all over the country, Zipity Duda.
Okay?
I mean, the big deal that we had so far was the two and a half hours I did with Bob Lasseter over at WPLP in Tampa.
And about 15 minutes that I did with a station in Adelboro, Massachusetts, okay?
Those are the two biggies.
And the rest of the people that we've contacted plenty of them, they don't want anything to do with this.
All of these courageous, balsy broadcasters, you know, if they add in New York that appeared in the New York Times on Saturday,
if the day before Howard Stern Friday morning would have come on here and said,
hey, listen, pick up the times tomorrow morning and there's going to be an ad in there with, you know,
about free speech and about the FCC and fill out the coupon.
We could have had mail bags full of those coupons with names and addresses.
We could have really gotten it off the ground.
But Howard and his people operate in a vacuum and the other people in this business, most of them,
they're just prostitutes.
That's all I've told you that for years. They're just horrors. They're just taking.
And isn't it pathetic that a medium where we can exercise, at least to a great degree free speech
and try to get people involved in something, we just can't accomplish much of anything?
And it's really a tribute to the people in my audience into this show because from Tampa,
what do we get a $5 check from some guy in Clearwater out of a two and a half hour show?
Needless to say, from the show in Adelboro, Mass, we didn't get, and you know, we've gotten a quarter.
There was some guy taped a quarter to the coupon in the New York Times.
So we've gotten $5.25 from outside of the day, Broward Palm Beach area,
and the rest of it is all come from right here from my audience, which again is a great tribute to the people who listen to this show.
And I guess in a way, it tribute to the fact that I've gone, run with this thing since the 16th or 17th of April, the last month,
since the FCC came out with this ruling.
And I was naive enough to believe that other people in this business are going to really get on the bandwagon and fight.
And they don't know how to fight, they don't have the guts to do it.
They just sit back and, hey, I'm going to do whatever I want, and then when somebody gets taken off the ear,
or when this decision goes all the way to the Supreme Court and those senile right wingers up there say, hey, listen, we think this is great.
Then there'll be too late.
I mean, we've raised $13,000. We have, I think, over 10,000 signatures.
Now, and it's all from the show, 99% of it is from this show.
As you know, the other AEM broadcasters in this market are too paranoid, they're not going to get involved.
The ones who have an opportunity to really speak to their audience and to try to motivate them.
We did have the one guy who's out there in San Diego today, you know, Mike Miller, with this 43,000 signatures or whatever it is,
to get the Super Bowl game here in 1990. Now, that's important. And that's really going to be, you know, very effective, too, I'm sure.
The rumor has it that about 25,000 of those signatures allegedly, you know, were gotten in one little bar where they have like 20 people a day come in.
So, you know, you figure that out for yourself.
But even assuming that it's accurate and that they got 43,000 signatures, you know what it reminds me of?
It reminds me of the first three or four months of this year when we were doing all the business with Halendale and the sweet and low and the early bird dinner.
And the man I'm telling you, we couldn't get enough media coverage. I mean, all the way around the world to the Philippines, to China,
AP, UPI, everybody, all the wire services wanted it. Everybody was here taking pictures.
All the local TV stations were just all over it. Newspapers, big spreads in the papers.
Halendale Vice. Did you see the amount of coverage we got in the herald this morning?
I mean, Linda Thornton was here almost the entire show on Saturday. And again, I don't want to sound ungrateful.
But here's a big article, Linda's Weekly Wednesday column about radio.
Seahawks hopes to make WOC and the voice of Miami again. And it's all about Spanish language radio.
Well, who the hell who reads the English language herald gives a damn about Spanish language radio?
And the answer is virtually nobody. Then we got Roger so far soars and we have two little paragraphs about the fact that Tanner, McKay, Gonsor, Chase and Richard joined me on Saturday,
et cetera, and so on and that, that's it. That's the coverage. The Sun Sentinel at least gave us a little bit more on Sunday.
And Channel 4 and Channel 6, I will say, did very nice job. They gave us a lot of coverage. The other channels in the market, 7 and 10, they didn't feel it was important enough to cover.
They did feel it was important enough to come to the diplomat mall. That was a big stimulus. That was a big deal to come to the diplomat mall to see if a bunch of old farts were going to attack Neil. That was big news. That was important.
You see, this is the kind of world that we live in. And I can't change it and that's the sad part because the things that are important, you can't motivate people to do anything about.
And I guess it's a minor miracle that I've been able to motivate enough people to do what we've done so far.
But rather than waste your money on another newspaper, rad that nobody's going to pay any attention to what we're going to do is spend most of that money to print the postcards that I talked about last week for people to send to the members of Congress, the House and the Senate, and ask them to use the port censorship and to get them involved in this.
And we do have Larry Smith, Congressman Larry Smith, coming on the show tomorrow for half an hour. And this is exclusively what we're going to talk about.
Because I'm just not going to throw in the towel. First of all, too many people have given too much money and made too much effort. And if I have to do it myself, I'll do it. But it's pretty pathetic. It's embarrassing.
And people, you know, there's another station in this town that once upon a time, I don't have to mention snooze as call letters, once upon a time, they fancy themselves. I should say we, because I was there the first six years it was on here.
We fancy ourselves as the real catalyst in the community. I mean, we were involved in every kind of campaign and try to get people involved. And isn't it amazing that not one person over there, even Winnie Ron Sacks, who is, you know, sent the letters over here about his journalism organization.
And they're all behind me. And he gave his little Laurel on channel 10 on his darts and laurels before he left over there. There isn't anybody over there who's got the guts to come on here and try to get people involved in this.
But again, it's not a South Florida issue. We shouldn't be the only ones getting people involved in this around the country. It should be every major market, every minor market ought to be involved in this. They don't want to do it.
They're either not interested. They don't think it's sexy or exciting enough or they're scared or a combination of the above. I mean, God forbid that we should actually take on the FCC and bring focus attention on ourselves.
Like waving a red flag. Hey, look at us. We're troublemakers. It's really pathetic.
So when you think about the Gary Hart business and Tom Fiedler and McGee standing outside, you know, his townhouse in their raincoats and you think about all of that, it shouldn't surprise you at all now because the media is obviously mass media in this country are just totally in the sensation.
Lism and yellow journalism.
Things that are important like preserving our rights or preserving the democracy. Hey, who cares about that? It doesn't sell.
That's why when you turn on that great journalist head copulate night, most of the time, you know, you've got a jury fall well on there or a Jesse Jackson or some outrageous figure in the news who gets people crazy.
It's 1018 at W.I.N.Z. Let's do our first break and we'll come back after this.
Are you looking for a new way of decorating your home or office? Then listen to this.
22 minutes past 10 at W.I.N.Z. You're on fire with it till 2 and daffy will be along and don't forget Bill Cosford of the Herald is going to be here from 11 to 2.
We'll talk a little bit about movies and a lot more about free speech and about the Miami Herald and good journalism.
I wonder if Cosford is going to be wearing a trench coat. Now, I don't think so.
I know that comes as a great disappointment to some of the people in the audience, but there actually are a few people at the Herald.
I really like a lot like Carl Hyerson and Cosford and Linda Thornton in spite of Linda's very minimal coverage that we got this.
I was really bitterly disappointed to see that.
And maybe it's not all her fault because I did get it through the grapevine that she is under a lot of pressure to write more about Spanish language radio at the Herald.
So we can't really blame it on Linda directly.
The Herald is continuing with their bending over backward, their pandering desperately thing.
Remember a few months ago we were talking about the radio listings in the Herald and I think we cured them of that.
Remember the radio highlights had all those Palm Beach County stations that nobody can hear in Daden Broward and all those guests on the talk shows.
In fact, they had more Palm Beach stations than they did Daden Broward.
And lately since we've been screaming about that, they've stopped doing it.
And of course, that was part of their desperation to pander to Palm Beach County.
But now they've drawn in. Now we start out with Tomas Garcia Fusté, whose topic this morning was the anniversary of the Republic of Cuba in Esponiole of course, who's always got the first listing there every day.
I mean, you can go to the bank on it. He could be talking to Porquie Pig in Esponiole and that's going to be the first listing in the radio highlights.
And it's just a game. The whole thing, just a game. Nobody really cares about things that ought to count.
And the one thing about the American people, they may not be good, but at least they're consistent.
Oh, yeah, Daffy was on 23 this morning. I forgot to watch that. There was at 9 o'clock was it? Maybe some of our people, well, how would they have watched it?
It probably was all in Spanish, right? They must have interpreted what she said or was she doing it in Spanish?
God only knows and even he can't be sure. Well, at any rate, you know, Daffy's involved again in this very divisive business, this English only thing.
And I can, this is also going to disappoint some of the real hate mongers out there.
But I absolutely refuse to get involved in that again. You know, here we are battling for the First Amendment for the right of free speech.
The Constitution doesn't say Congress shall make no law regarding freedom of speech in English.
It just says they shouldn't make any law a bridging free speech period. You can't legislate what language people are going to speak.
You can't legislate common decency and courtesy. That's the real issue.
Is whether people are going to be courteous and whether they're going to try to accommodate each other and be a little bit more neighborly or whether they're going to keep using language as a weapon, which is going on in this community for years.
And the one way to guarantee that they're going to keep going on and using language as a weapon is to continue with these English only amendments.
Back when we started the thing in 1980, in Dade County, there was a reason for that. There was a message. It was a safety valve because of the Mary L. Bolivt and the other things that were going on in the community.
We were ready to have riots in this town.
But to continue bringing it back and rubbing salt in the old wounds over and over again and opening the community up and dividing it is so counterproductive.
And when I sit back and I watch the way this individual continues to conduct herself and continues to be involved in every kind of racial and ethnic slur, I don't understand it.
Well, I do understand it. I'm nauseated by it. I'm revolted by it. Let's pick these poor black people up by their bootstraps. It's a big joke. This is them against us kind of mentality.
And then I begin to wonder if it's only an accident that all of these bigots get through on the air on that particular program and are given an almost unlimited amount of time to spew their hatred. I don't think it's an accident. I think it's by design.
And we ought to go back to those good days of the restrictive clauses again where all the Jews would have to be jammed into one place and all the Cubans have to be jammed into another one and certainly the blacks if we have to put up with any of them, you know, we have to jam them into some part of town where nobody would ever have to go.
I'm sure that there are some folks of that ilk who would love to do that. Put a big wall up. Yeah.
But God forbid that somebody should come on the air and try to give people involved in something productive and positive. See, there's a line that you draw or at least that I do.
And I'm beginning to realize that in this community, this show is like a total vacuum. This show is unrelated to anything else that's going on in this community, even in this business.
And again, while I appreciate the enthusiasm and the financial help and the time that they gave the people from the FM coming on this show Saturday, you know, people who listen to sandpaper scraping together on a radio in the name of music aren't going to get involved in defending the First Amendment. They don't even understand it.
In addition to which, you know, I sat here and I really believe that this shows you how stupid I am at this late stage of my life.
I really believe that we had this enormous audience on Saturday that all the audiences of Tanner and Mike McCain, all these other people were tuned in and listening because they've been promoting this that we were going to do that show.
And I realize now that that's fantasy. There's no way in the world that it was going to be. Those same people who listen to them on FM were listening to FM on Saturday and listening to their music.
They're not going to listen to what talk show.
And that's one of the reasons in the last four or five months we've had so many people call the show who are former FM listeners and who say, hey, we're listening to your show now because they're tired of listening to a jukebox.
Nobody has anything to say on FM. I don't think anybody's really allowed to say anything on FM. Just play the hits and shot up. That's the bottom line.
And about the only time anybody does say anything is in the morning with a given little jokes and little sexual innuendo, which the FCC is very concerned about, by the way, that's the only time you hear anybody say anything.
And that's what I've been telling you for so long is that the problem with this business is nobody has anything to say. And if they do, most of them don't have the guts to say it.
And in a lot of cases, those who might fall into neither one of those categories work for management, whether or not permitted to say what they might want to say and even have the guts to say, but they're just not permitted to say it.
And that's why if this radio station winds up being sold to a Westinghouse or a capital cities, it's very good chance you won't hear neo-roggers on this radio station because those kind of corporations don't like somebody getting on here and saying what they think and rocking the boat. They like contrived radio.
They've spent too many years in places like Pittsburgh. So you just stop and think for yourselves the difference between the enthusiasm and excitement of the media when it came to Halendale.
And even the enthusiasm of part of the audience, I mean, man, there were people just foaming at them off falling all over each other. Like this is the greatest thing that's ever happened in the history of America.
I mean, here's somebody on the air actually talking about crabby old people stealing sweet and low in restaurants and J walking and pointing their canes at the traffic. Hey, it was great. It was a good time and it was fun and it was all true. And it had its place, but to think that the people in the media, my fellow colleagues, so-called journalists, were just falling all over each other.
They couldn't get in here. There were days when we had a half a dozen people in here. Over at the diplomat, Ma, man, we had AP, we had UP, we had PP. I mean, we had it all. All of TV stations were there rolling their cameras. This was a big deal. And during all of it, I kept asking myself, I don't understand this. I still don't understand it.
I mean, I think if they took the breakdown in the last rating, they would find in the month of February we had about a 10 share in midday.
I don't think that's ever happened in this market before, except maybe when there were three stations 30 years ago. I don't think it's ever happened. And why? Because we were talking about Halondale and crabby old people and playing Halondale vice.
But when somebody comes knocking on your door in the middle of the morning to find out who you're sleeping with or to take you away, don't ask me why.
I've been talking about this for eight, nine, ten years now about the creeping fascism. In 1980, we put the rubber stamp on it.
Now everywhere we look, we've got people who want to censor books and burn books and burn phonograph records and self-appointed moralist like Tipper Gore who want to censor lyrics and records. The guy up in Bay County wants to censor the red bread badge of courage and Fahrenheit 451.
And we got to take Playboy and Penthouse out of the 711 stores because Ed Mies writes a threatening letter to Southland Corporation.
And we got a lunatic state senator up in Tallahassee who wants to ban obscene bumper stickers.
And a bunch of old bags up in Hollywood who get all bent out of shape because somebody wears a t-shirt on the beach that says life is a beach.
And now we got a group of nuts in Washington who want to tell us that they're going to sit and determine what we can say on the air.
And the majority of the people in this country couldn't give a good god damn less.
And the majority of the people in this business couldn't give a damn less. And that's the thing that makes me want to puke. This business stinks. This business is full of cowards.
And the business is full of morons who have absolutely no creativity, not an original thought in their minds.
I don't want to mention Alice again. I mean the performance he put on the air yesterday for four hours was the most intimate I only heard minutes of it off and on.
The most embarrassing crap I've ever heard in my life. I mean there are plenty of gay bars around town. If somebody wants to be a professional queen they can go into a bar and sit around and laugh and mince and titter. I've never heard anything like it in my life.
Sure we've done it. We do a lot of humor on this show. We've had a lot of laughs and all kinds of things that we do. We tell plenty of jokes but my god.
Listening to some wild lunatic mincing for four hours about rabble and time cruise and this is radio. This is somebody's idea of doing a talk show.
Boy. And Jack's 30s upset with us over here right. He put on a performance yesterday that even the Diana Ross drag queens would have been embarrassed by. I've never heard anything like it in my life.
And that's big balls radio over there. That's the the mover and shaker the talk station news and talk. Kind of like fish and chips now it's news and talk.
You can change the slogan every day follow it doesn't make any difference what you're doing is pathetic. It's embarrassing. It's humiliating.
Really involved in the community. But boy when they wanted to contrive a story about some poor bastard who had AIDS that they wouldn't allow in her studio because Mike Thompson and Lee Fowler.
The scholar were homophobic and hysterical. All the media was there the weekly news was there all the little guys with the moustaches the silly little clones were there and channel 10 was there and bishop was there.
And Dwight Lauderdale and whoever else all those silly people were there. That was big news. So instead of doing something that you believe in instead of doing anything. I mean you know we do a lot less serious subject on the show. We do almost none of it.
Because I know that you can't operate in a vacuum but when something does come along that's so desperately important that you care about.
You find that you're all alone out there on the limb. And the people who want to join you the few like we had here on Saturday as helpful as they might like to be the problem is that they're basically impotent because they're talking to a bunch of morons. They're talking to a bunch of automatons.
Can't you just see the little kids who listen to power 96 sending in their petitions. And again that's not a knockout Tanner because he was excellent here on Saturday and I really appreciate his being here. He means something in this market.
But unfortunately he's talking to a bunch of doodle birds. A bunch of people who don't understand it or won't understand it.
1035 at W.I. and Z. Let's take another break here. We'll come right back. 22 minutes before 11 at W.I. and Z. Me. A. Rogers with it till 2 bill cost for it will be along from 11 to 2. And we'll see what happens. We'll see if Bill is still working at the Harold when we finish. Hey listen you know misery loves company. We might as well all go down together. Maybe he can get a job with Westinghouse opening refrigerators.
Huh? He's a Red Sox. Fanny let go and back up the boss to he can work for W.I. Z. Yeah they also make ovens. That's something to think about. I wonder what kind. Big ones.
Taffy's probably hoping that that sale does go through. How she loved the work for Westinghouse. They could make some of those extra large microwaves.
Could fry everybody on death row just in one trip. You know with one press into button.
Let me get the numbers out see if we got anybody that wants to say anything in the last 20 minutes of the hour. Probably not.
But we are going to go ahead and print up thousands and thousands of those postcards that are going to be sent to the members of the House in the Senate. At least I hope they're going to be sent because it's going to depend on the people who are going to fill them out.
But I'm not going to a back off on this you know it reminds me of calls like it every now and then well we're not going to get involved again. You started so many things and you've given up.
Well again you can lead a horse to water but you can't make them drink and you can't force the gutless people in this industry around the country to try to protect their own livelihoods and to protect the Constitution.
You can't you know you can't convince people at CNN or USA today or anyplace else that this is an important issue or evidently the people of Channel 7 or Channel 10. It's not really an important issue.
And you can't convince a guy like Howard Stern and his agent that it's important enough you know not not to operate in a vacuum and go out and hold a couple of rallies and have some movie star and celebrities you know show up. That doesn't get the job done.
The FCC is not impressed by that. And the members of Congress are not impressed unless of course the movie stars come in to testify like Woody Allen about colorization then they're duly impressed.
And you begin to see that a lot of these people are nothing more like a Howard Stern for example. He's nothing more than a guy who reads somebody else's material and he does it very well and he is very funny.
But he just isn't capable of doing any more than that. In fact the rally that he had in New York drew a couple of thousand people in the city of 1215 million people. He drew 2,000 2,500 people. What the hell is that? We had that many people at the diplomat mall. Hollywood hello.
Hi. I got a calm down a little bit. You will make it through the day. Oh I'm very calm. I'm in a coma. You have hit the thing on the head so close and so so quick in this program. I took my breath away. The audiences of radio music stations are like they're out of it. Yeah they're out of it. I don't even know why anybody would advertise on one of those stations because they're not listening to commercials anyway.
As soon as the spot comes on they punch the button. I know I do. Right. Right. But but you've said something that a lot of people have thought and have left unsaid and that's that it's just they put their head in the sand. They don't want to hear anything that I want to be bothered. They have enough trouble making it through the day with their everyday problems and music is an escape. As long as they have their boom boom box and their Konga and their crying cowboy music and their bumper stickers on their trucks and
yeah that's their life and you are have become you know it's the truth but they view it as entertainment and that's I think why Howard Stern up there in New York hasn't been able to to muster up the support that he felt he had like like the people that came on your program from the FM stations. Yeah. Well you have to know how to do it. You have to know how to mobilize people and how to motivate them and do something other than sit around and say dickhead 50 times. It doesn't take a lot of talent to do that. They they are under an illusion.
That those people are dedicated to them and they love them. They're only listening to the music beyond that they don't care about any of that. Stern doesn't play any music but the bottom line they're listening to hear you know the words that he uses and what it gets away with on the air and to get a good laugh which is fine.
But if that's all you can do and you can't you can't mobilize anybody or do anything then you're really impotent. Yes well you know I don't know what I'm going to do. When you've got when you've got the public airwaves you know when you realize the whole FM band in this country is impotent all it is is just a jukebox.
There is I can't think of anybody on FM in this country anywhere who says anything who has an audience that will do anything. Well even on unless they're you know given away a quarter of a million dollars yeah then they can get a lot of phone calls.
Even TMI radio and some of the other stations they say nothing either. Correct that's right. The news the different kind of music. Yeah but the you know the masses are asses. I don't know if I can say that.
Well look if we if in one radio program here we can get 13 thousand dollars in about a month and we could put them add in a major newspaper in the you know the New York Times and we could you know get 10 15 thousand signatures on petitions you can imagine if we had out just a hundred there are 12 thousand radio stations if we had a hundred of them around the country would be participating we could have a million signatures that was the idea the whole thing to begin with.
I have to say something that's not intended as to you directly but but causes sometimes have to be fought with with different people pushing that cause rather than the person concerned you you find us in every industry I'm in an industry we have the same kind of problem with with trying to do away with it.
And we found the only spokesman that we get behind our cause were those people in the industry no one else cared yeah they were sympathetic they listened they agreed on and everybody says it'll never happen and and unfortunately it nearly did happen.
Well all I can say is that it just doesn't have to do with the industry and again that is a perfect example. Yeah.
I thought it mean it's not meaningful and now all of a sudden everybody's realizing it's going to take big den out of their pocket book and there's not much they can do about it is there.
Well not much they're going to do about it that's about online they're not much they're going to do that's a sad thing Miami hello.
No yes. I'm glad I wasn't the only one listening to Alice yesterday I was just mesmerized I could not believe what I was hearing.
I am so appalled I can't even put it into words because he has reached a new low and we're not even on at the same time anymore so there's no competitive factor but I'm so disappointed and so disillusioned I mean you know again some there has to be a point in your life when you grow up and instead of just being a copycat instead of just trying to do something more outrageously and be childish you've got to know where to draw the line and when when there's a time to do certain things and when there's a time to use your time usefully and this guy I don't know what I'm doing.
So what he's thinking about I have no idea he just he's just become a a simple thing. Well I think that show was apropos one of our Navy ships was just hit and yeah there's famine going on so I think that was that was an apropos but about an hour to show was spent with Jack Sturdy talking about the moose in Alice's hair I don't know if you were listening to that.
I didn't hear that but it was just unbelievable I was mesmerized I'm glad that you got to listen to a little bit of it. I couldn't believe it I really and truly couldn't believe it.
And you know the weekly news the gay newspaper in this community the people over there who are so upset with me those petulant queens over there who are so upset they ought to hang their heads in shame because I guarantee that they're the first ones that the right wingers are going to come after if they continue to hold power in this in this country.
They're the first ones they're going to come after and ship off to the oven just like they didn't Germany but O'Neal said something that you rubbed somebody over there the wrong way evidently so they don't send me to paper anymore and they're not they're not involved in our free speech campaign at all they're more they're more interested in coming on and acting like professional queens on somebody else's talk show then coming on here and discussing things that are important like survival.
And I'm I just can't even begin to put into words the nausea that I feel for people who just refuse to help themselves who refuse to stand up and have any balls pathetic it's like we're dealing with some kind of a juvenile game.
Well the Constitution what's that what's that CNN has been running this thing during the bicentennial this year is the bicentennial the Constitution and they've been running these features I'm sure many of you have seen about the founding fathers and on the various amendments and the first amendment is one that to keep showing over and over again Congress shall make no law.
Well I tell you the founding fathers are rolling over in their graves right now North Miami hello.
Good morning to you yes and we got to the lack of motivation in this area I think you missed a little item on the news and your station last week farewell came on the air complaining that they preach the unneeded nine million dollars seven million.
I didn't miss it but the open calling to the news report this morning Monday's mail guarding over one million.
Yeah I saw it on the news last night and this is the most ever because one day they can take it in the pocket for something as ridiculous as that.
And this is after they've already been shown where their money is going we've seen a Mercedes and we see all the jewelry and we see all the other the big screen TVs and the mansions and all of this other business and these people still want to be con man there's nothing you can do to insult those people.
But boys say hey listen you know there are a bunch of right wing fascists who are trying to destroy our freedoms and make this into a fascist state.
Oh yeah he's overreacting let's you know we want to be entertained.
I'm embarrassed to be in this business I really am I'm humiliated and I'm embarrassed and as I said the other day when when serious journalists in quotes consider buffoons like Sam Donaldson to be a journalist to be legitimate and talk about him is you know it even legitimize him by talking about him.
And what the hell are we talking about it's a big joke.
Miami hello.
Hi Neil. Yes.
I'm gay and I'm really depressed over the weekly news what they're doing they're not helping the gay community at all they're more or less.
They're not helping anybody all they're doing is putting a lot of advertising in what it's right writing about Joe McCoy and his pet cat and all those other super silliest childish things that they write about but when they when they have the opportunity to really step forward really get involved in something you know meaningful against the group of people are always the first one to be oppressed in this society I don't see anything going on.
Yeah which is the latest findings of the blood and age of the nation actually having blood on a on a worker you know that worker get aids but excuse me who nervous here but I'm trying to act this now I'm trying to act with way back when we started to engage in having disease mostly so that's not what I have to say.
Okay. Thank you.
10 minutes before 11 at W.I. and Z let's take our last break at the our bill cost for it will be here at 11 a clud it because first of almost people aren't gay and secondly most gay people don't even have access to it or ever come across it.
But the bottom line is I think if nothing else they're perfect for this market they fitted perfectly with the media in this market because they're more interested in playing personalities and being childish than they are in really dealing with the important issues.
What if you bought their oxen?
No it's really amazing everybody that wants to call in now wants to tell me that Barbara Studdley is testifying me for the the wrong gate hearings which I already know and I did hear her name mentioned last week and it came as no surprise.
See I said for at least two years on the air every night desperately trying to tell the public in this community what a fraud she was she was nothing but a front for a group of right wing fanatics Dr Joe Chirba up there in his right wing whatever they call that organization of his.
And when she left the radio air the air waves they got a nice push job nice honest job selling arms to third world countries and I told you that couple of years ago and boy did she have people in this community snuckered and she did she have much of the Jewish community snuckered.
Oh my dear friends the Jewish people that you I love my love my friend Monocca Megan I mean here's this little idiotic Gentile out of Nashville with an IQ of minus 500.
And boy all she's got to do is come on the air and go running around and speaking at a Dosa and speaking at this temple you see you can't tell the people the truth because they don't want to hear the truth don't confuse them with the facts.
All they want to see is a face man or woman is the case maybe somebody who comes up with a good glib tongue and tells a good story and whispers all the things in their ear that they want to hear and all of a sudden man they're mesmerized.
That's how we got Ronald Reagan that's how we got a moron like Jimmy Carter.
That's why we get the kind of leadership that we get that's why we got a Bob Martinez in Tallahassee.
I mean this man on a scale of zero is minus infinity.
This man is is he makes Bob Graham and Ruben ask you look like God okay like Jesus re incarnate but boy we sure loved him didn't we?
We couldn't get enough of him because he came on television with those ads showing Steve Pagik with the spectacles on looking like a goon.
And boy we shouldn't want a governor who looked like that did we know we wanted a governor who looked like Dracula.
Only this one isn't just a blood sucker he sucks the money out of the taxpayers in the state.
I'm not going to elaborate on it line I could but I won't.
So those of you who are just so mesmerized that Barbara Studdlies on your TV said if you're watching cable news network today during the Iran gate hearings don't be surprised.
Oh yes a good patriotic American selling weapons to third world countries terrific.
And boy I'll tell you that the frustration night after night after I think I think today is going to be D day for me it's going to be the day I declare my own independence.
Independence day on the Neil Rogers show.
The emancipation proclamation.
We might as well just do our thing you know that we've been doing the last four or five months and I'm going to continue with the postcard effort on so far.
But that's it man I mean this is strictly it's strictly a it's a nursery school this whole country.
It's a nursery school for adults.
And that's what you want that's what you're going to get and yeah you hear a lot of people in fact if a Westinghouse or Cap City buys this station.
If they don't do news all day they'll put some people on the arrow come in and read the front page headlines.
Oh my gosh isn't it terrible about the Stark and the Iraqis and oh boy how do you think the families feel of those 37 young Americans who are dead.
Does it take a genius to know to figure out how the families feel of those 37 kids who died for no reason at all just like the 260 Marines and the hostages and Leon Klinghofer and you know so many others.
Robby Steedham Americans are dying all over the world under Ronald Reagan but don't you know connect it to it's all disconnected.
The American people I think we've come full cycle I think we finally have reached that point.
At which the American people have been so desensitized to reality and so desensitized the horror and the nightmares and the war and the death and everything that they're just it's you know I don't know if there's any turning back.
It's like we're all falling out of a spaceship and I you know I'd hate to think that I'm going to have to be around when we finally hit the bottom.
Anyway we're out of time for this hour real uplifting first hour Bill Cosford's coming along from the Miami Herald which is always uplifting and Bill will be here to talk a little bit about movies and hopefully we're not going to get into movie gossip barway.
I mean we're not going to do that today and talk about you know Rob Lowe and Tom Cruise Alice I want to tell you because I know you're listening right now.
Look in the mirror. Look in the mirror Alice. Do you like what you see?
Run out of news whether sports or something worth talking about check in here.
They do really support a lot of the causes like this.
We've got 23 of those jackets are already grabbed up. I told you see you have little faith Glenn always runs around.
Now let it happen like the add in the times here it is right in my hot little hand is our add in the prestigious New York Times and people said it could never happen.
Do you buy it in the post in the Washington past? That's coming.
Good one paper a week with your permission. Yeah one paper a week. I mean unless of course it is my favorite.
I'm going to buy some humongous amount of money. But anyway so we've got two of the jackets left. It might be vice jackets monogram with your name or obscene word or whatever.
So if you want to call real quick like look at those brow lines started already day 624 0191 and inbrowards 764 0707.
Something else I want to make sure I do every hour give the address for so far for the petitions or because I know that all of you your vast audience is our listening day.
Half past audience. That's Glenn's audience. All you got to do is write on a postcard or in a letter if you can't afford donation you know first of all you're probably cheap but if you can't afford it that's okay.
Just write on a postcard or in letter I support so far and free speech that's all is that asking a lot. We ought to be inundated we ought to be up to our puppets in letters right by Monday.
I think we need to say several times for the folks who just tune in that this is more ominous than it sounds a lot of people say well what is the need for Neil Rogers to be able to say douchebag on there.
What is the need for how it's during the day.
They don't understand a real issue. This is the beginning of a very dangerous precedent which is against the fundamental freedoms guaranteed does by our constitution by the first amendment to the constitution.
Okay we'll pick up on that right after the news let me give you address again for your donations and for your name and address so far that's S.O.F.A.R. Save our first amendment rights so far P.O. Box 2214 Miami 33055 that was much too fast wasn't it so far P.O. Box 2214 Miami 33055 Jeff Braze here with the headlines world news from CBS 11 and we'll come back with our cast of thousands here at 1106.
This morning got a big spread on the FM AM jockies that make any sense AM jocking FM radio I don't understand it and it's got a big huge spread here on all of these important people study Fox and Herman and McBean and Kevin Kitchens definitely one of my favorites but you can only listen to him in the kitchen.
But boy that's what it's all about Bill Cosford is here the cryptic movie editor movie critic whatever the hell he is for the Miami Harold and no you're that's not what it is anymore though isn't entertainment editor did I confuse the two of them I mixed them there I think you know it's it's in the paper almost every day right under my name I don't read your page don't read that paper now you will again won't you know you've gone through this cycle before no way I won't subscribe to it again I read it for example I read Linda Thornton's little piece about Spanish language radio this morning in the little
tiny blurb that she gave us on our campaign for the site for the first amendment yes I heard you discussing that yeah was great well you felt this should have been more on so far unless if not nothing on Spanish language
no I think the reverse would have been perfect I think if the rest of the article would have been on the first amendment and what we're doing and on what we had here Saturday and the little couple of paragraphs would have been on WOC and I think that would have been more appropriate because most of the people who read the Harold those who are remaining
who read the Harold speak English don't listen to WOC and or WRHC or WQBA that's the radio mom B except that the we have long had a problem as has every other
English language media may think in the entire area that there's this whole other thing out there as you well know that this thing that operates in Spanish that we've never known
what do you mean by thing well it this whole other spank you know combination of Spanish language media but doesn't
which really seem logical or that that would have belonged in L Harold because the people who get their news in Spanish and correct me if I'm wrong our most likely to read it in Spanish also wouldn't want
there's no some logic to that and L Harold has its own radio TV column sure but we we need to know we went 10 years without reporting very much of
anything what was going on if for no other reason than we didn't have a radio TV reporter who spoke Spanish which is a real problem but you know
as well as I do that stuff goes on at those stations but you're not reporting what really goes on see that's the thing that's frustrating oh I think you'll find
increasingly that we are but at least reporting you know what now reporting about the managed news control news and the pandering to the
astro mentality I think to the industry of the Rogers and other people in the market on I don't know Spanish language
radio report to smearing of New York Rogers that might be just something we'd let slide for a while both been going on for
a year so I guess you've been letting it slide who's going to fill the silence that was not just a listen you're the one who you started right
off on this I was trying to get your title right and all of a sudden you started defensively well no no I don't think I'll
say for Linda Thornton when she was here last Friday at least she wasn't defensive I wanted to encourage you may have been
offensive but you was in your old again only kidding when the don't get sensitive now you know that Joe Johnson and its Linda
and they're both going to get upset you know that those of us who can you know round up some Harold's descriptions get free
prizes and stuff like it mugs visors oh I wish I had saved that did you see the card that they've ever just no
I've been pressed on it and you know one thing brought stars in the mail yesterday from the station he really had no no place for your
name and address no well someone so they just have a card and they paint for the postage and I checked all the boxes you know send me all
the free gifts you'll meet my favorite thing about those cards I would have enclosed my payment but there was no envelope but
there's no you get that a lot I get it from magazines to checking close you know how do you close it check it
post post on postcard right now apparently what they want you to do is put that in an envelope put your own stamp on it
that way they save some money I don't know but what they do by putting it on a postcard they discourage you from paying
now they encourage you to check bill me well the way newspapers working but I get a couple months with the free
papers that way great sure good idea did you hear that folks and takes them at least that long to catch up with you
good so just check it off on your bill me and then when to get the bill throw it in the waste basket now that's illegal
you're the one that advocated though is that a legal your own news I think that's just that's just sure it's you when you order something
and you don't pay for well maybe you're dissatisfied with it I'm not going to sit here and get strategy for people to beat the
hero that's ridiculous you're the one who just came up with it he said here's a good way to get a couple of
months of free papers I told you when he leaves here today cost for it will be working for the West Kendall
Gazette well if that you know or sturdy maybe looking for a job after yesterday you might rightfully
knew I remember when I was in college that was the trick you'd always send away for trial subscriptions
of magazines you get through whole semester I thought the jack sturdy was a movie critic I didn't realize
that he was the loo well apartions of uh... south florida he said he's apparently his
he had a problem this not to his in dish right he's in what dish dishing people he seems to know more
about the inner workings of uh...
effective degree heart tip may have come from jack sturdy i don't know yeah they said it was a woman
but i'm a friend of the whole he knows more about uh... more of the kinds of things that shouldn't be any of our
business about how the stars and the paper but he and he has an encyclopedia knowledge of it
to the man's life i heard some of the things that he said yesterday i think most of it was swishful thinking
what kind of thinking was that
uh...
anyway of one of the amazing things i said we were going to talk a lot about movies today and i don't know
you know if that disturbs you but you really don't ever want to talk about movies i always want to talk about
no you don't know you that doesn't want to and your audience doesn't want to know we're not interested in
but i thought you are usually more interesting things going on
well you wrote that you know i'm a couple weeks ago in fact they've written two really good columns in a row which is incredible
which is stagering stagering the one that is um... colorization which i thought was great this last Sunday
see i did go on i bought the herald not specifically to read that but i did happen to look at it
in self defense rather than going out and buying the herald you should subscribe because it don't know
change money that way no chance zero chance
and uh... the previous week you wrote one was it the week before
about this uh... so far camp two weeks before and we need a reem of petitions and hurry and i read it on the air
and it was great well and we think of all over you for it and uh... in the meantime
uh... you know we could send fifty reams of petitions out of the bottom line is that nobody in the
media rewants to get involved in this thing that's the other half of what i was saying i i understand why we cover a
latin spanish language broadcasting and i think we probably ought to do more and deeper
of that kind of coverage but what i don't i'm not so happy about is that we reduce the two barat
paragraphs this particular crusade um...
but talking first amendment to american people is just it's not
it ought to be a really easy thing to do but most people don't see any problem
but what people believe the first amendment is
a freedom of speech means you can say whatever they want you want as long as they like it
yes and then you say something they don't like the thing well you should be allowed to say that
a classic example of that is that you know there's a there's a tacit
uh... reluctance by anyone in public essentially to uh...
to discuss religion you just don't
you know there's this idea that you there are some things you don't make fun of religious beliefs or one well
why not well we live in a society in which people who believe one way are constantly
bombarding us with the reasons that we should join them but on the other hand in mainstream media
you will very rarely find anybody commounts and uh... and do the kind of the hero that you do here
well you're not going to find the hero lining up against uh... against organized religions certainly not
why not because the hero like uh... i would guess virtually all the newspapers still lives by
that particular dictum that there are some things quote that you don't say good counts there are
sacred cows and that is
and if religion religion is going to be the last sacred cow essentially but note how thing you know barriers are breaking
you can now say come to me anywhere you want
and six months ago no one would say come to me yeah even bob cocks the mayor for a lot of the i came on the
uh... station here some time ago a couple of months ago
and uh... i think it was one day i was out he was on with her and he's so chan and he said condom
on the air and he couldn't believe it that he'd actually said it that he just bought one
you didn't know what it meant he moving into one of your field you didn't know what it meant but he said it
so that's a step in the right
direction
for the mayor for a lot of the localists uh... pretty soon there won't be anybody young enough to wear one
in for a lot of the because all of the people remaining will be impotent so it doesn't really make much
different less the headquarters the weekly news to be very careful always it really i believe it's in for a lot of
like i said most of the people remaining will be but that's another story anyway before we get into the
really the heart of the matter here
the astonishing news and i don't know how many months it's been that we've been prodding you
to watch this movie and it and it would seem as though we're making much about nothing we just
mentioned religion because it's not a major movie
not the end of the world but mass appeal with jack lemon and it's it i've asked you about
several different times because i thought it was a pretty uh... honest movie i thought that was the
thing that i liked i guess the catholic church wouldn't appreciate that and you finally
sought through the intercession of your uh... spanking new producer uh...
are spanking producer giggling glenda what it is that makes him like that he he produced
or he produced for me a tape of this and actually made it you know this show is getting
kind of rising in its professionalism and ability to get things done now oh yeah you actually
service your guest only to see your we service our guests and it's not what glenda for i
provided this tape uh... exchange for a useful ever get what consideration you know really
wasn't interesting movie was better than i thought it was going to be for one thing and had about
the only tolerable performance by jack lemon i've seen in twenty years he was not playing that
that's why we got rid of our last producer she wouldn't service the gas no he's still back on
that one are you know she didn't as a matter of fact i don't think i ever met her either
today
now who knows who cares
she's a really mobile service operative is just got a resume that's going to be incredible i'm sorry
i interrupted you and you were telling us about having seen the movie but i think we'll do
the commercial break first and then while i'm stealing your lighter one thing we ought to tell glen
is if we're going to have guests on a show let's make sure that there are people who bring lighters
every new industry
or you just think about howl and i'll
i said nothing about howl and i'll find city by the bay
bill cost for this year we're going to be joined later by howl and they'll may or sonny rosinberg
but uh... you were starting to talk about the mass appeal with jack lemon
which is another one of those movies that i like and you probably didn't because you have a bias
against jack lemon to begin with well i do have a bias against jack lemon he's a piece
whiny and creepy and he's played the same part over and over and over he can't help himself and
he's like ron sex he's um...
i see you're going to get one of those brickpats if he ever gets back
i don't think he will no i don't think after he's gone on that show i don't think i don't think he's
moving in an upward direction he's not upwardly mobile he's downwardly mobile we prefer
to have him as a distinctive new voice yeah radio okay now what were you saying about jack lemon
but the guy he's like jimmy steward only on this like a mouse in his throat so he just he can't
he can't see things normally all he can do is infuriate you he's
ordinarily now in missing he was different missing he just played the part of a father whose
yeah kid was missing great the guy can really act in this he plays the part of this priest
who's been jiving his congregation because he wants to like him all the time
it's a hell of a performance they really really yeah boy no i enjoy staggering i enjoyed the movie
thoroughly i had i racked it up and uh... because it's been a busy week and i'd expected okay i'll do
half an hour this see what's going and then uh... by the now i have an author you know if i've
done an hour of it then i'll be able to go and say nila seen half of it and that will produce some
humor but in fact i i couldn't turn it off so i watched the whole it's i think it's more than two
hours long it's not a short movie did not get good reviews when it came out why not i think because
a lot of uh... movies that are based on plays often get mediocre reviews because most in
New York critics see all the plays and one state seen the play um they kind of have a way they
want to come to the movies in this never that way it's always somebody else's way so they invariably
get better reviews and i not having seen the play i thought the movie was fine it was interesting
and it did not go in the direction you thought i was going to i don't think that'd be a big threat
to the Catholic Church i mean if they're going to know we kept saying all through the movie about
if you want to be a priest you've got a line well yeah that's that's a problem i was an awful lot
of talk about priests you know in fact the best line in the movie what's the fat guy who plays
the mon senior he's a dirty charles during yeah charles during and he said you know he said it's
not bad enough that we have enough priests who are in the closet he said now we've got one who's
been in now he's out and now he wants to go back in again or some some who i'm forgetting exactly
what the line was but it was a great line and of course bearing out what i've said all along is
that anybody who meets a straight priest is you know obviously fantasizing but uh...
well far be it for me to comment on that i'm not trying to get you involved in that conversation
i'm not catholic see i'm uh... i'm non evangelical Protestant which meet which is the easiest thing to be
in the world i mean all you do is that's like almost being neutered well you go on sunday and you
kind of not off and you come home yeah and and are any other like there's no other these duties
that you have to do you don't have to worry you can't say that word on here anymore please do these no
no this i might pronounce you in fact the last two years here you were the one you were the one last
time talking about the two guys named dick at the mimey herald there i'm not even going to repeat
what you said probably more than two men named dick at the mimey herald there are there maybe
dozens or even a hundred because i'm just different plays a great many people in the church it's a
common so you can quote cost for just saying that there are a lot of dicks who work at the mimey herald
what is that what you just said i'm sure that's true
yeah i'm i'm sure it's and i'm sure the james mccinny is probably monitoring right now would be very
upset want to probably miss and thirpid what you said well in that case you know he will uh... have
observed it sometimes in the last week a number of people have said frigate on the air all over
these united states and i wonder you know to see if there's going to be any fallout on that
you know well that's why i haven't touched that story because i don't think you can say that you
can't say frigate now i've done it now twice you have to just take with him name the star your problems
and he will well i don't i don't want to dump mass appeal now you got me thinking about the fcc thing again
but um no i miss appeal is a better movie than not given a credit for i think it's a solid three
star good movie i think anybody was in chance to see it on the sea it so in other words it wasn't
like jinks there wasn't a movie that only neo-rodgers like nobody else in the world it was not an
example of the movie for which you are the soul fan even i watched it again since you were here last
time i think i'm asking you jinks that's even people they move out of the jinks about it
even people on the crew won't admit that they did it see this is the problem with guys like you
is that you you're kind of like the fcc and your own mind you've set yourself up kind of like
judge and jury and you decide what is good and what is not good and with you don't give an opinion
you don't just write and say hey in my opinion this is great this was fantastic where it was
garbage which is usually what you're right that it was garbage but you write it as fact and if
you are the barometer you're the judge and and the jury and you decide what's good and all movie
critics do that yes they do well no the some of the worst ones will say now i think now i teach
a course this university miming this the first our first lesson with repeat over and over again
we never say i think or in my opinion no it is stated as fact it is great and so alzy movie
or this is a great movie yeah well the only one that doesn't do that of course is their own don
stutter i thought i'd give donna plug because he's listening now getting very upset because you're on
the show and which is his problem is is done out there agitated oh don is always when you're on
the show he goes nuts he can't handle it i saw don he just has an nervous breakdown almost there
he does with these little shades of the lights like a yellow and amber and puse and whatever walk
don't worry which is a way of lawfully i guess and not making a definitive statement
well i did my favorite don stutter story tellable on the air that is is the time he was on him was
and was ripping us for giving stars and i don't give those little stars you know a one star two
star three star well no in fact he gives red light green light yellow light um
but there are a few of us who like giving up those little designations that's just that those
are gimmicks those are designed for people who we assume don't read but the bit yes when we
give our opinion we don't say well i think and yet any more than you do when you come on to
someone that you know you don't say you know this program you do i appear wrong i've always said
that this program is a program of opinions they pay me to come on here and give my opinion well
and that's what i'm paid to do too but i take it as if i mean i would make jokes about this but
the serious truth is we take it as a given that people understand in a review you're just getting
one opinion i would never want anyone to act conclusively on one of my reviews conclusively enough to
make a difference in the box office for instance me read the review and you make up your own mind you
don't that's why i never say don't go or sysklin hebert periodically will come across a film and
say this should be burned yeah and and and they're being cute but a lot of people think that they
should be burned they well Roger would make quite a bonfire that man would he would go up like a
human torch no question about it he is packing some poundage there yeah and he he makes you as a
matter of fact look quite similar like Mickey Mouse definitely but the roger gets good press he was in
uh... in the USA today the other day commenting on video discs of something they did a big feature
and here's this man mountain in front of his display on the guy makes about a million dollars a year
on because easy for him you know he's unbelievable i think this is the highest in my first hour this
is what america has degenerated into vano white and sysklin ebert or a bearer well however we
pronounce his name this week i think this is what we've become is entertainment tonight i predicted that
a long time ago in fact i've now predicted one night you'll turn on the network news and it'll be
just like in the movie network instead of having a regular newscast it'll be just like entertainment
tonight and there'll be a fortune teller and there'll be you know box popular i think it's on the movie
network we're already seen the beginnings of it uh... you uh... note that the ABC nightly news has
person of the week once we know this is one of the dumbest features that ever come across person of
the week is uh... and you know this begin promoting it on wednesday and coming up the other week
our person of the week
well who gives up uh...
a mark fowler or whatever who ate you know who ABC thinks is person of the week in it and they
it's never the person who may have done the most interesting thing or or contributed something it's
always the most notorious person or you know i mean i don't think that i've been president
uh... it's just a ridiculous thing it's it's a complete gimmick
designed to hype you know be sure to tune in and that kind of thing it's absurd and the
and i was really the other day that
ruin all of his all-up set cuz abc is moving twenty twenty to a time slot where he's afraid to show my go off the air
which strikes me as the first
single movement toward good taste at abc is done in years because if we can just get twenty twenty
off the air or the if i have to watch barber walkers treated as a real news person one was not
incredible at you know my skin wants to crawl off and i see that president wagon today say you know here
she is writing letters you know if i'm your and the president and she can't even put
pronounce it you know i mean this is what a joke you know our lives have been reduced to such
bayonality that it's unbelievable it's incredible and the the the most frightening part of it is is
that most people are too stupid to understand that it's happening and even if they do understand
it's happening they don't seem to care
no well what we in the news business of a problem i mean it's a big problem all the little problems we
think we have the biggest one is that people's conception of the news continues to change it
continues to get softer and uh... we have to follow or at least we think we have to follow
uh...
the new york times about the only institution i can think of
it seems able to resist the press happen to have this morning's right here
and yet right to my door and it's blue container and it's blue container they do they do deliver it
unfortunately the national edition of the times is a big disappointment compared to the
the metro edition in york but doesn't think you can do everything but even the times uh... ten years ago
did launch those soft sections that for a while that everybody saying all the time is gone soft
they did launch uh... you know the home section the science section all the rest and some of those
sections are really pretty creepy if you look at the home and living sections uh... you discover
the times gives a tremendous news hole to telling people who make more than most people in this building
combined um... how to throw parties on the upper side and how to pick uh... you know the proper
maid in this kind of interest
you isn't news at all it's to aim to the specific demographic in the demographic story
right now but apparently very rich anyway but if you take a look at a context by itself
that's one thing but you have to judge a newspaper
by looking at the entire newspaper
for example if you take just the editorial page of the mime here old
there would be a lot of people who would gauge it is being even a lot lower than some of us already do
well of course this is another problem we have the one of the things i uh...
was listening to one of your room
temperate discussions tirades last week on the herald
and it occurred to me that to the extent that your man at the editorial page
you know telling people cancel this with gippance of the herald is kind of like me saying
on tired of taffing the calum so don't anybody listen to w.i.n.z ever
uh... you don't have to agree with the editorial page as it happens a lot of the time i don't
as i think you know
the editorial page
yeah like the other one the fcc marches to their own
which you said which you had a great line
that was your highest moment in history
well that to me was a dismaying at a throw when you said in one of the saddest
sentences i have ever read in this newspaper
and it went on you know i'm paraphrasing but they had said that the fcc ruling
perhaps can help us
better determined good taste and this is the same newspaper that a few days later
and since your friends tom fiedler and jim ma magee and all these other creeps
uh... you know hiding in the bushes and trench coats uh... casing out
gary hearts townhouse and they're talking about determining good taste
well there's a fundamental contradiction there to begin with the editorial page
thinks it can concern itself with good taste news reporters cannot concern
themselves with good taste you can't mean the tradition of news reporting
it's only in the last
ten or fifteen years that uh... this uh...
not quite myth that the reporter who goes to a death scene and
you know steals the picture out of the victims house they can have a picture for
the paper that kind of thing used to happen
this paper is i mean newspaper reporters don't
if they can send themselves over much with good taste and i'll report anything
uh... but the editorial page is a whole different story they don't report news
they report opinions there like
movie critics only they have more serious tasks but
uh... on that particular tutorial
might only assume that they
they just missed
completely they have an only missed because they're the only that's the only
publication of any of any
note
in the country that supported the fcc rule and even chat new good times i mean
newspapers in the underthal places
came out with lead editorials supporting my position and taking the fcc the
task well i mean the lesson here is it even the most ardent defenders of the
first amendment
will come up against it all the time the speech we need to protect is not the
popular speech no one needs to
it to have their right to agree with the mayor of the city of my any or to
each yell go dolphins protected that's not the problem the problem is to protect
speech that people hate
i mean that's why there's an amendment there wouldn't need to be an amendment
everybody said yeah we
we all love George Washington is great then why would you write in a specific
thing
saying by the way you get to say you hate George Washington while you do you
get to do that but
it's easy to lose that because sometimes people say things that
are really
egregiously stupid
even how it's done is said such thing
he gets to do it right
are you one of those people listens to how it's turned tapes because we there's
like an epidemic i even heard the team i'm not i must confess to you people are
bringing me how it's turned tapes all the time and i don't listen to many more
because i do find a guy funny but after you hear him a few times
there's no need to listen to him anymore because he does the same thing every
morning
yeah well he's not always on but i i know i've never heard tapes but i
was best
days
and i have some tapes that are some of his best days i'm enough of a
clod so that i i really enjoy it when i go to the northeast
matter fact when he moved
to early morning shift it really threw off my balance because i usually spend
a couple weeks in the jersey shore and that's
i just go out put my beach chair out there
put it launch a kite up in the air
grab a beer and put on Howard in the afternoon that would kill four hours
right there i mean Howard would mesmerize me yeah because the man is just
just i don't think you could pick him up there now
no i don't not on the FM no no i'll go on that get it from Philadelphia which is
possible because that's only like 60 miles away
but Howard is so is disgusting and hence intriguing
uh... you don't usually hear that kind of thing on radio
of course the fcc misses the obvious point which is that if this is a
profusion of howards the novelty will wear off and i don't think people
will be no big time but this whole the the most disgusting part of this
business from their perspective is again laying it on the children and this
uh... this really gets to you if you're grown up in the society you look
around you see the number of times a number of ways
people want to tell you what you can do because otherwise the children will be
this is absurd this is not a children's world it's an adult world and not
the purpose of adults and the parents is to protect children
purpose of parents specifically but it's not to reshape the world in
she had to be neat if this could be a lollipop world but it obviously isn't
going to be and this idea that in order to make sure no kid ever hears
anything that some but he thinks it's in bad taste we should not have anything
on the air that somebody thinks it's in bad taste is just absurd
yeah many of you guys are all making it illegal for children to listen to
radio no it could start with that that's a better
well and then make it illegal for them to watch television just think about a
service we would do to our kids if we made it illegal for them to watch
television till or eighteen because it certainly is lethal as boos
we make them wait till their twenty one to drink boos we might make them wait
forever to watch television for that honor be doing a tremendous
close service Tom and jitja would be out of a job and steves i heard somebody
calling about time jitja the other day
it's deep down to be out of a job it was a jitka yeah
they just can't get his name right by way speaking at jitka
i haven't noticed because i don't get the Miami news where i live i don't think
anybody can buy the Miami news anymore but have they been uh they didn't
send anybody here's Saturday on so far did they
on the first amendment jitka's been in the paper but uh
i haven't seen anything about that yeah i guess this isn't this isn't important
enough twenty four before noon at w i n z bill cost for this here from the
prestigious Miami Herald and uh we're going to come back you'll find it in the
yellow boxes all over time we'll come back after this
was that tom feeder was on nightline on the viewpoint segment yeah he's just a
bdi little creep he's not bdi he is bdi oh come on how he's serious he's got
those horn rims glass makes the page look like but um well silvestre still
alone but now see if we had steve page we wouldn't be in the trouble we're in
right i voted for page of what we're playing as well as well by the way you're
up in on history here now i wouldn't read that this is a memory do you want to
read this or you you can read that but i was going to say that uh ever since i
read in the paper and then heard your follow up that there was a rumor
this station is going to be purchased that i myself was on stake out
and uh yeah i i have reasons to believe that there will be no sale of this radio
we just have a memo and of course we don't read memoranda on the air but i
guess i can read the you know i guess i can read the two paragraphs because our
programming department just gave me permission i want to make sure that i
cloak this you know wrap it around in the flag
and it says this is from our general manager so it must be true just like if it's
in a herald it must be true i've just been informed by bob gilbert's and executive
vice president of guy granite broadcasting services
that all negotiations for the sale of win z and w zta have been stopped
Mrs. gene granite holly chairman of the board has said that the stations are not
for sale to anyone at her confidence in the future success of win z and w z
t a has never been greater end of quote end of
memorandum which is going to be shredding during the news is this the woman that
some people refer to as mama i sure don't refer to her as that i refer to
as a very nice lady who listens to the show and is only said complimentary
things about it she loves this show she does he listens all the time i don't
she doesn't live in halloween galaxy polka mama i've heard she's called
who told you that i don't know it's there i told you
disparaging remark to me i i i did i have done my own investigative work on this
and i i have been on state another one of those ugly rumors spawned by those yellow
journalists at the mimey herald and their yellow trench coats now the fact that we
have yellow boxes sale of our papers should not be allowed to impune our larger
reputation the reason i read this on the air is because i think that you know
in light of the fact that these rumors have gone public which is why
disgusted on here yesterday would be nice you know kind of reassuring
to the listeners into our sponsors and to the people who work here in the
building that they don't have to go out looking for a job tomorrow it is next
week that's another story it's a terrible thing working for a bad business
it really is a bad business that way people you just get fired and you just
a new management comes in they will always say we plan no changes yeah they'll
always be the first to say that boy you run out look for a job the way that you
know that they're going to be unbelievable changes is when they say we plan no
changes because that is the code word for me that's okay i'll let's see a show on
the phone here of all those little old ladies who are disappointed because it
means that i'm not going anywhere for almost two years
now let's see all the people in the audience who are upset let's see a show on
the phones over the fact that i'm not leaving
the phones are there's one dark two three three four five
those are six that's the wrong people who we think leave seven that wasn't
really that quick was it now that wasn't too good very mediocre response
of course those people take some a long time to give to the phone and these
are all people who wish you leave now are crawling on their hands and knees to
i got to ask you why are they listening yeah that's an interesting and
hurt isn't it there was a woman calling the other day who said
um i'm you asked her why are you listening because you wanted you off the
earth she said because you're a jerk which is a great ration yeah i'm told
that very often and they like jerks well of course they like jerks and as a
matter of fact you i wonder what to put on even meant to being a jerk how do
you like that so it takes their thunder away see i won't go that far oh yeah
i would not have meant to be injured well you are well well thank you you know i
i didn't want to speak up for myself i didn't you know if it's good enough for me it's good
enough for you okay now getting back to colorization of movies which is where we were going next
because i really enjoyed your column on sunday i almost feel like i'm tinkling today which i
just don't do on this show be careful it was a lot of time i'm so much in that column that i
guess so it's long overdue those days are over i the word went out through all out yeah i'm sure
all might ridder no more taking if memo out no more tinkling on roger that's probably why linda
only got two short paragraphs about so far actually you'd think there would be one but um no
that there isn't even my listings are getting in a herald now because we know the hero doesn't
discriminate against those people who take are they upset are they angry at me now lindus is no
i don't hear anybody angry at you i i can't imagine that there aren't some people who are upset
i mean if you work for a newspaper and and like dick capen wine in the most powerful radio voice
in town is saying cancel your newspaper you know somebody get a few cancelation while they got
several hundred which is pretty much several hundred yeah really well i mean that's that's what
they're saying uh... which means it could have been several thousand well i don't i don't know
anyone's circulation so i don't know if they're attempted to uh... jive but uh... no i i suspect
the several hundred that's a pretty good number isn't circulation figures are figures that we
have to stand behind legally it you know several times a year so if they say several hundred i'd buy
several hundred and that well that doesn't surprise me you mean there are people who really agree with
you made your case i'm not i wasn't here during the height of this i was on a uh...
an amtrak uh... train from us and i was to chicago
um... which is how i came back into alia in business and i came back by train a little bedroom
everything i was you know in the lap of luxury when this is all going on i got on the train
her to radio broadcast in the cab that the herald of broken some story about gary heart but then
i'm on the train all i have was us a today for the next two days so all i have is what what us a
today's first day coverage is once a little a bunch of those of the crazy and still was with the
issue you could fill into blank spaces i did color in some parts right i did cut out some the
weather map in the back that was funny it was fun making florida green and main red yeah it changed
the things around but uh... so i didn't know what was going on and i my mom was the first one in
new jersey to tell me there's some radio host who's leading a campaign against herald circulation
you know how she found out in the jersey i don't know maybe you called her but she found out
you jersey oh she saw it on cnn i think well i think i know or it may actually have been picked
up in report on the art radio that there was a host after the herald but we made the wire
services to what uh... well and that that that's how what i didn't know at the time was what it
specifically was you were objecting to the editorial stance of the herald which is one thing
or the actual gary heart story which is another altogether to do with one another
i wasn't sure which it was that you were most deemed about and now you know well which is it
or you don't know no i still know this had to do with the gary heart thing this is a very good
you don't like the story in the words
no it's not a question whether i like the story it's a question whether it's a legitimate story
whether it's really the purview of reporters from a newspaper
to follow politicians around candidates around and you know snoop on their personal lives i don't
believe it is if somebody had given a tip to the herald that the guy was going to take graph he was
going to take a bribe then of course it's a legitimate story to then you wouldn't mind the
exactly there was what you might take out but they can somebody out and watching who he's
shacking up with allegedly and make all this in your window and and have giant gaping holes in
a story and be so desperate to rush to get it you know to beat the deadline to get in the newspaper
was very irresponsible journalism i think that's the consensus in fact all of the polls now
show that at least two thirds some of the polls three quarters of the people think that the herald
did a lousy job that it was not good journalism to anybody's business it's not a good sounding
story that was my first reaction to him and i first of all i was a gary heart man
well i wasn't so i can't be accused of attacking the herald because i like gary heart
because i think the guys have vacuist fool i didn't think that i didn't think that but the one
thing i didn't expect that he would not to be was a decimbler and and and and man so essentially
corrupt in one way that he was he would be lined with his own campaign staff about what he was up to
but you know i didn't know that until i get back when i'm first thinking about the story it's not
a good sounding story it's like any other a surp tichestine you're gonna pick up like when cops
wiretap and i can't think just you know it kind of makes you feel uneasy but in in this country as
long as politicians are gonna drag their their families around to present themselves as family people
i think they're gonna get looked at and i think they ought to be if you know what you mean you
can look that well their private parts next thing we're out we do we have to know how big it is
the problem here that none of the herald or any other press institution has been able to fully
get across the people is it this was not new news about gary no this way gary heart was the same
as jack kennedy up to a point in the neighborhood the i was you know cnn did a great piece and they
show they're going all the way back to george washington and jeferson and franklin and all the way
through war and hearting uh... ison hower kennedy you name it we've had a lot of presidents and candidates
who have been womanizers in it right i mean as puritanical as we were back then how in the world
can it be major news now and worthy of stakeouts and all kinds of wild rumour in any window when it
wasn't worth that two hundred years ago no then that for that you got to ask some sociological
questions because it turned out was major news and people went nuts over it and they jumped up
and down the guy dropped out of the race because he didn't think he was gonna ask any other question
but that for the right but again it goes to show you what happens when the press is irresponsible
now i'm certainly not going to disagree with the right to print because you know i can't be a hypocrite
on the one hand i'm arguing for our first amendment rights to speak and i'm not going to you know
argue against uh... the right of a free press but it is a question of what's responsible journalism
and i don't think that that was well we what i think you're objecting to more than anything else is
the puritanical aspects of it in other words this is a sex thing and we're just leave sex alone
the difficulty is this is what i mean by things that we haven't gotten a good job of getting across
the people's it carried out was notorious for this and he also had become arrogant enough
so he was denying it and all these absurd ways well
you have a real interesting situation here reporters throughout washington who don't who don't
want to come out with uh... rumor and speculation know the guys uh...
fooling around uh... he's dipping the wick whatever and we know that nobody at the
herald would do that and uh... well i can we know of course that
probably a handful of people at that newspaper have fallen from grace
in their lives but uh... we know this and but you're not going to go and print that because it's
just kind of smart me but then why not candidate let's read about the people at the
heraldu fallen from grace well but see the people from the herald aren't running for the highest
to watch differences in the way they're controlling one of the most powerful institutions in a state
and indeed in the country i'm trolling a monopoly in the newspaper business i'd be
great to come out about my own pecadillo's but really i'm not sure they'll put anybody's
well i don't want to say i don't want to do that all sound just like jack stewardy yesterday
yes well i'm gonna i can't get that out of my mind because i just uh... i can't begin to tell you
i think that the problem always have been the history of this industry yesterday the problem became
um...
at first memory remember people were saying how could heart be so stupid you know he's wanting
or he's very much in a point and very good quite he's and it's how could he be such a mora well
and you know he's calling down a rice from the campaign trail he but he isn't stupid that's the
thing and this is where the story i think became of great interest to reporters who hadn't laid
the groundwork because and they feel it's inside watching the inside the boatway stuff but in fact
hearts not stupid he's arrogant and that is a different story well in this case he apparently
thought he could get away with anything i mean the idea that on the very day his big sunday times
profile appears and he tells people he go ahead follow me that he's got the asignation is just
unbelievable that's what i think made a legitimate story i feel sorry for um...
for him that he had people looking outside his house and i feel sorry for the lurkers
but i can tell you this that the people we sent to lurk were
the kind of newsmen you'd want them to be these are not you know for you now feel
learned McGee and chim's average or not you know you know he's american's these aren't torps
out to make their big story long nor are they people or i've had them on the show many times
work as the definitive word nor i couldn't have come up with a better term myself tom feeler
you had a very little discourse with him that that many times he's been on the show several times
and i don't dislike him personally but professionally he's a twerp
no i personally maybe a tour by don't know well you i mean whether or not you like his column i guess
you know now you're talking about his column at all i'm talking about him as a reporter but he's
a tour these are it's not just a duke you know for the term i think we ought to give you credit
but these are major these work but these aren't people out looking at the phone if there are people
in the audience who think that tom feeler is a twerp when i just see a show on the phone okay let's
see if this is as quick as the recent you get this once with it before a line come on let's
see some people on this telephone people who think that tom feeler is a major twerp six lines
lit already seven within like no it's like the azusa thing i mean the previous i can promise you
they're walking off the art even there are no lines livenessy you could ask you know lines lit
there are there are no lines lit about every other second there's no lines lit you know what has
that one in the intervals in between the flashes you could ask people to call in how many lines
are left if you have the honest is that they're all left now but the point is if you asked people
to hold their breath until they turn purple and then to call you would say oh come on you would do
it and none of these people are not as feeler you have to take my word to it he certainly is not
looking for his first big scoop nor does he know it's not just a great news in the future of our
republic and very concerned about they think probably national security i think that's true
yeah i think it is because what what ultimately was going on what has been going on here is you
got a press corps in Washington and throughout the country let's head Reagan now for six years
going on seven and hasn't been able to do anything about it even though the man is egregiously
ignorant uh he's many of us feel he's saying the country right into the toilet but we have not
been able to get at him in any way because there's there are real limits to what you can do with
straight report a lot of people who think that Reagan should have had the tidie bull man his
vice president because every was going to push the country into the toilet at least have an
advisor who knows what he's going to do and do to get in the course one right okay it's six
minutes before noon at w.i.n.c the cryptic bill cost for it who came up with a great
a term for tom fielder today will want you to put that in your memory bank twerp bill cost for
it is with us till two and we'll come right back now we don't have time for any displainers
about that issue the audience who reported it's out and that's it you know it's taken me out of
content no i haven't the audience specifically said for themselves they heard you talk not
people are it's twerp now i see anybody in the audience here it you all heard it i know Kyle
heard it Mike will have heard it all of our news people heard it i know tom can hear me because he's
in Washington no doubt preparing you say it's a twerp uh i agree with you i'm trying to be
agreeable to let it work and yet then now the thing is tom is actually a friend of yours you've
hit him a new one i like to have probably will never come back and just again is any sensible
of you turning is a sensitive twerp turning on your own pals and the way you turn on clen hill
is you don't turn on him just as we tell him that we tell it like it is even you're even
knocking on the thorn in this morning and of course she's done yeoman work in reporting on radio
and when she's done yeoman work i thanked her for it and i uh somebody called him on to attack
her last week and i came to her defense but what's in a stinky little two paragraphs about a
major issue i feel they know but i did do a disclaimer denied did not say that probably the people
at the herald are more concerned about the story on ocn in the spanish language station because
he has told me off the air that she is under duress from the powers that be to do more on spanish
language radio so the pandering that goes on at your newspaper continues unabated well we can
get into that next time we're the end of the hour but when we get back to the end we'll get into
that this is it the twerp issue is over this hour you can bring it up again next hour it's a free
speech radio okay and we'll talk about colorization and woody allen lot of those other uh marginal
talents my kwarf is here with local and area news headlines world news from cbs at noon and we'll
come back with the ubiquitous bill cost for it at twelve oh six alibra is trafficked i mean as far
as like you know freedom of speech everybody getting to say and do and read but they want to in the
newspaper they got the energy archive great great yeah so i mean i got two hundred dollars cash
that i gave you to get a bitch you pass it on to him he told us she got that on biscayne bull of
the yeah nobody here believed it why do they sound like this sleeping what do you are you awake
i'm gonna ask him i think i'm the giant talking to you and i'm uh in the other room
well i've been delayed back but you're gonna cry over we're in
i'm ready to move out your team is here because he's part of the wedding tube i'm here looking for a
job hey you can join me in the li contingency you know we're an ex-shoodle yeah beautiful out here
the radio is great uh the newspapers are great and like uh niels always saying it's nice to be in
the city where you can go out at three in the morning and eat Japanese food or Mexican food yeah
listen i hope you guys got a little extra room there where you are because Alice rantel and joe
johnson elop last night and ran off and the rumour is they're on their way to la at a sushi restaurant
yeah exactly exactly right they're the rice they're gonna eat it okay well listen it's great
hearing from you but is all good things must i'd rather hear that guy cursing at this again yeah okay
thanks a lot for keeping us in your hearts and minds okay and money i hope that wasn't an audition
was that a lawyer let's talk with that at a time i can have a larger terminal terminal okay i think
that's where they were calling from was a bus terminal no from the train terminal and i'll look
okay well listen that's gonna kill this hour we're coming back and uh the food is building
a crucian temple is it incredible yes unbelievable and the who's in there is that Jeff
braie trying to close the door or who is that with the headlines yeah there he is and the cbs has
the boring news that known and then we'll come back in 1206 as we continue to exercise free speech
on w-i-n-z okay bill cost for this here and while he's finishing his lunch let me just
mention somebody sent me this it's a great great piece from the sunday new sun sentinel in
Fort Lauderdale jone christy or john christy well we just made john in the jone instant operation a
lexicon of lame loonies and it's about driving in south florida and the first one is the cigar
smoker which i mentioned first because i'm sitting here with a cigar vehicle link in continental
destination the country club bumper sticker i got mine habits retired now the cigar smoker drives
like he ran his plumbing supply business in bayon oblivious to everyone around him he takes
corners wide and slow the long nose of the link in preceding him like the baton-sized stogie clamped
between his teeth he is the master of double parking parking in two spaces and the rolling stop
always wears a hat now we have the condo commando vehicle generic sedan white destination early bird
dinner bumper sticker i break for bingo and habits the commando's car is mysteriously always full
three men three women the men are in pastels the women freshly quaffed and iron beehives if a woman
is driving she's hunched forward and peering through the steering wheel for male driving habits
see the cigar smoker for either sex maximum speed 40 miles an hour now that was in a sun sentinel
i think you're not a thing hurled about lane loonies though typical of the way journalism works in
this community sometime ago the hero launched a feature launched a feature called the lane ranger
oh yeah i'm sure you're familiar of course in which a a predominantly anonymous member of the staff
reports on road conditions and does so in a flip in the entertaining style not unlike the style of
the show and of course this turns out to be a big success so right away when we got inbroward
at the sunset old lane loonies now that we have the lane ranger i guess there's the lane grain
yeah or the well we know that there's no imitation that goes on in this market now none of that no
but now to lay the twerk issue to wrap the ones and pursue that at all is it possible that you're
going to be appearing on a certain show in town that you don't want to mention because i notice
you didn't follow up on that when we know i have no other uh no other radio obligation scheduled
oh okay far into the future my country that you've been a lot of people i've been allowed to be
implemented by jacks during the show now the hero insists that i come on only this show
yeah because they're plans to buy uh the station now going ahead and they want to show that there's
a gradual erosion of the you know could we turn this place on its ear could be a lot of fun night
redder newspapers they just well well first of all it's illegal they can't buy the radio studio
it's too bad that there's an FCC regulation for you do you think that if the hero bought this
newspaper i'd still be on the ear um yes yeah because we're no fools either with those numbers you
would be yeah sure now i'm not you just full a little cutie yeah first of all is tom fielor at
twerp and now he's you know tom little cuties on the air buried in my unilateral condemnation of tom
um was the the issue that i'm gonna be here only speaking spanish is what Kyle said can you speak
Spanish can you say royal see caroio caroio caroio caroio goio see cuban cigar with the bed of them see no you can
do with them okay you can have a job anywhere on this town uh buried in all this is that whole business
i think that heart apparently had long been behaving in ways those of us it's all he was great
can they didn't know and so when they when they get a way to say look we can report this is
supposed to say all the something about gary hurt has always bugged us which is exactly the
kind of reporting we don't want to play on words or if you can actually catch him in his
hypocritical act then do it and in fact um we were done a service by that story i i know that it um
no one likes that kind of story i i doubt that you that feedler or savage or magee would say this
this was a neat story to do i'm sure they didn't like it nonetheless um finally we we got to
someone and expose the thing people needed to know about in a way that never happened with
Ronald Reagan and as we're now finding out from the Reagan administration the layers of duplicity
and deceit are incredible and now we've just had a ship attacked successfully and the person
golf that it turns out its defenses weren't on yeah and we're going to find out probably that
the defenses didn't work and if that doesn't sound like the whole leaven thing all over again with
these people who cannot learn the lesson human sacrifices exactly nobody cares uh but we don't
you understand nobody cares we couldn't get to that guy and i'll guarantee you there'll be more
efforts by all newspapers and very few people care about the hearings that are going on but boy
they sure cared about the gary heart story well and i forget how many days in a row it was that
your newspaper on the front page in fact there was even one day when there were some really wild
revelations i think it was when McFarland was testifying or maybe it was um the general
ccord ccord one of the two there was i forget exactly what it was but there was a major revelation
which in essence said that Reagan knew everything all along etc and so on and i was like little
little bitty news off in the bottom left hand corner of the page and the gary heart thing which by
now was several days old was still prominent and made center front with big picture in the whole
business in the Miami herald well i don't think anyone pretend either that the herald is uh
immune from quote human interest stories and quote the Donna rice angle gave it a human interest
okay why don't we all just admit one thing okay because i've done it the last four or five
months i've changed the format of the show we do very little topical talk you i mean we make no
secret of it and the ratings have soared and the demographics are better and everything is great
think the listings listeners are leaving now what today yeah because no it's topical no this is not
topical top right we're discussing it like from a third party okay situation like we're not
involved and we're looking at it from the outside why don't we just all the men instead of pretending
like at the herald to be great journalist and bragging about their Pulitzer prizes why don't they
admit they're only in a business selling newspapers just like we're in a business of getting ratings
and selling commercials we're all horrors okay why don't we just admit that and whatever you people
want we're gonna give it to you and forget about all the rest it will suffer the consequences
well that that is we will suffer the consequences you know that that's the guiding principle of
uh of media they they exist to make money yeah because they can't exist if they don't but yeah
the same thing is true of this show it's true of the herald and that is it's large enough to
encompass a number of different things i mean you it may not have been topical last couple
months but you've had serious issues that you've dealt with the herald runs funnies and it runs
analyses of what Reagan is doing why did they run their funnies on the front page
well now see if you left the hard thing i didn't laugh at the hard thing i didn't i laughed at it i
didn't find it a funny at all no no because as i say it was a heart-backer i was dismayed i didn't
laugh at it i thought was disgusting are you holding an nauseating i still i didn't like him then
i don't like him now i don't like him any more or less because i don't care who he's sleeping
i was not my bed i was deeply disillusioned and frankly i don't care and i think his lawyer
calmo is going to open field now all he's got to do is say hey i want it he's got it
so all he's got to do is say it i mean when jesse jackson is shown in the polls to be leading and you
know jesse couldn't get arrested if his life depended upon it you know that if calmo wants it he's
got it but in fact you've made a good point we do run funnies to be running against parpers
studly we run little jokes while we get to run them on the page two now but we for a long time ran
today's chuckle which was rarely funny on the front page and every now and then we'll have a picture
of a puppy or a kitten or something but that but i mean nowhere is a written that a newspaper
has got to be a theoretical abstract or a phd thesis a newspaper is aimed at a wide spectrum of
people and presumably if you have a deep interest in politics for instance you buy your daily
newspaper you may also buy the new york times and you get your magazines in the week you get the
nation new republic or commentary or whatever or national review got forbidden but national review
you know people do read it me not people who listen to this show how people who might know either
maybe people listen to daffy should we have a spotlight spotlight well not a hundred percent
serious if we were i wouldn't have a job means something's going to talk about you wrote a column
about colorization which incidentally we're like a couple of days after i've been talking about it
but i don't want to you know sound is the way planted the seeds in your mind because i'm sure you
didn't even hear me discuss it that's right did but my point was that i don't know if congress has
the time to deal i mean here we've got you know americans been killed in the middle east again
we've got all of these hearings going on in washing and the president is a compulsive psychopath liar
and in the meantime we have nothing more important to be concerned with as to whether we're colorizing
old movies and you know congress is sitting there listening to woody alan i have the feeling that
people in hollywood and show business can request to come before congress on anything no matter how
species it is like should we pass a law limiting the number of what are they called the blocks the stars
at hollywood you know where they put the star yeah limiting the number of stars that can be put
there and i'm sure that congress would find the time yeah i suspect they would be and that works
on the main level as well they're overwhelmed by gray and spence i don't know how many years
uh... in the throw all of burnt rentals bird could show up and everything stopped you know when
burnt rentals came uh... the wheels of government talazzy ground to a halt what's going on
you're taking your head out just as here are called put on the screen they wanted his autograph who wanted
his autograph wait a minute those must be some of the guys at tom fielerson over here
oh congress i see congress wanted woody alan's autograph well yeah of course of course that really
is not a good with his nose we're dealing with the same you know with with human beings
in presumably exalted positions but they have the same drives and lusts we find out from not
just gary but is anyone else they want to meet stars they want to hang out with big people all boy
uh... they want to meet him at the russian t-room and i think sure you get woody in
you get you get him on the diester you get him testifying for that's fun that's a good way to kill
a couple of hours what i just the whole thing amazed me because what congress thinks is going to do
about colorization i don't know i'm going to pass a law and sit at ted turner
can't color films me what what is it all about all is all is about is that the stars are coming
that's it
and it was no part of the hearings that they had with uh... with the people from the
networks
well david brinkley had the accurate comedy said first of all there's no reason for any of these
network people to be here and the ones who are here know nothing about the news
business anyway he said if they want to have a hearing they can go ahead and have one but if
we're up to me i wouldn't have shown up i mean what business is congress god calling the heads
of the networks to washington saying we want to talk about the way you're covering the news that
to me is far more troublesome and colorization is merely a waste of time and and a signal that
congress can be as fatuous as ever in times of real trouble uh... the whole business about the
networks being interrogated is there's supposed to be uh... an amendment to between the networks
and the sort of congressional action i mean what on earth were they going to do suppose uh...
tishets that up there and said yes i'm shutting down cbs news altogether no more news were they
going to do say no you can't do that uh...
but again there was the you'll rather might have something going on there uh... and but of course
actually the networks play pretty kagy abc kimon and said
we remain deeply committed to news and public affairs to give our world as an example
that of course all right they went out and canceled our world it's pretty cute but they can't
tell our world after the hearings so they got they got credit both ways congresses yeah these
guys are deeply committed and then they go back and they get rid of the show which is actually
fine and they keep twenty twenty which remains a scandal
but there's no uh... there's no underestimating what kind these guys need a break apparently
congress needs a break if your pat lay he out of Vermont and you know you know you're it's it's
tough the contrast up is going on and and you're not uh... deeply involved in that so you're losing
headlines and uh... besides it'll be nice to shmuz and you know your life is tough because
you got a commute back and forth from brodington and wherever to watch and tenon you don't have
the connections the looks of gary hearts so you're not able to have as good a time you need a little
relaxation you know that awesome steam so you have the woodman command that's it and said he
pocket jimmy steward rice you a letter and you do get his autograph in the letter you can do that
in ten years the bill he probably didn't really sign it
but again there's been we we are we i think we've seen the last six years a complete breakdown media
and congressional in being able to control what's going on
in in the serious side of life so we make a lot of what's you know we laugh at it well we we make a
lot of what's going on in consequently but no one could get to ragan not congress and not the media
so g might as well have what he on terrific twenty minutes past twelve at w i n z bill cost for
this here we're going to talk just a little bit about movies and then we'll open the phones up and
see what they want to talk to you about let's turn the tables on you this time let's see what they
want to talk to you about now maybe you've got a lot of those young sueds planted to call in about
the movies who are re who really pretend to be all in to film you know really uh... i never i never
plant my suits they just they know by radar they can tell we'll come back with bill cost for it right
after this so vester still on stars in his most challenging role since rinestone
your maddy and you came and you gave without taking and you're your friend yeah
so long is manalo in barry first went part one
it's a miracle
yeah the copa absolutely joe copica vena with my
rex reed says i love the costumes jesuskelec claims four stars yo absolutely
Roger ebert says past the popcorn
so vester still on as the lamp arm of the law barry first went part one you of the disease
did i'm the cure
that's your and coming this summer i know you are but what a boy
rudger hower in i know you're a boy what he was last adventure i know you're a boy
i thought that would get us in the right right frame of mind to get into the movies wonderful
stuff is that good where we're that one come from where did it come from is it local from
somebody's a bizarre imagination yeah but we're not tracing this one back no this was not stolen
oh this is not this is not subrole style black mark no this is right out of the open
oh this is that's hot i like that a lot he was last adventure yeah with ruck or hower no less
which brings us right back to the hit your record the way for the sequel to come out by the way
i don't think there'll be a sequel but then now you see ciscle and ebert that was one of the
films this had to be burned i think which one the hit your should be burned are you serious
i was violent classic uh the boys that they're special then they have collocating it to all the
movie's i always uh now interviewing war and bady invest in hopman for this movie ishtar and we're
sitting around a table waiting for the interview to start and ciscle was supposed to be there but
a woman comes in at the last minute and says i'm sorry jen's had a call from his office uh he won't
be able to make the interview you'll have to now here's a guy who's rearranging war and bd's schedule
this is the critic out of control of course also i'd want to know who from the office would call you
out of an interview with war and bady doesn't gives him every probably same version but your
critic at large might have been uh Roger ebert calling him uh Roger may have uh
gone into a food frenzy you can't tell you may have needed genes help with them well you know
he'd as much popcorn as he does and uh pretty soon it's gonna go to your head you've seen those big bags
they um they'll sometimes begin they don't you know pre cook it now that's what they just ham
our best of roger and he just drags into the theater with him he'd be great at one of those film
festivals that you like uh hey they're all over it can now everybody but me isn't isn't kind
good thank you and that we don't have to read anymore about that sued stuff oh my god getting
one of the other things we want to do before we take any calls is talk about another fantasy of
yours because cost for you know having been at the heralds so long and down there
cloaked at one herald plaz at least when he's in town for so many years it's not part of the
establishment and the last time you're here you were talking about the people mover and how exciting
it was to get out of people mover and you were just you were swept up in the people i thought you
it's just an adorable little and now the base side is open since you were here the last time
during every break cost for keeps just going even his lighter that he's got here today is a
base i lighter base side right on it and you can help the basketball team coming in of course
a no question about it mike miller is going to get us to super bowl in 1990 and our hockey team and
a baseball team i mean and all of it's going to be downtown that's the amazing thing what is it
with those guys over on that station anyway would this this poor slump is out there with these
with this petition is if i mean is an eighty percent of him came from joe's bar that has about six
customers every day and they got like twenty five thousand signatures in joe's bar but is there
is the reasoning that this is something surprising that my amie is the only city in the country in
which forty five thousand people even allowing all the signatures were genuine want the super bowl
to come there i mean you could get that from corral gables yeah i i guess i should have thought of
that or we could have done for nirangia you know get every single person's name on the thing
that's a good idea let's go super bowl for nirangia the hell with the you know the how would joe
robby stadium that's mr. robby to you if you didn't see you don't listen to that station quiet
i bag the mic i've listened to the sports segment of that station and it's and this guy weaver
just i mean talk about giving you the creeps this mr. robby stuff after a while he just everyone
the world calls this guy joe and if you've ever met him not mr. no not rick weaver i mean he's a real
joe lazy ship yeah you know this is really a world that's a one thing about iod you know that
they're really objective about all this because uh... like robby owns rick weaver i mean personally
he even has his socks in his underwear and a drawer somewhere and one of these days he's going to
give him to him uh apparently he's gonna borrow soap one day rick is legitimately a strange man
he successes a strange phenomenon yeah this is a strange town there's a stranger almost surrounding
mr. weaver there's no that's what all the people to work with him tell me but that's another story
when they you ever catch him when he was on the super bowl preview show and they were
they were talking about Brent musburger somebody was interviewing weaver for some reason the dolphins
were in the super bowl i guess that was uh... when was the last time we were in when we were crushed by
a whole two three years ago uh... forty nine years and out of nowhere weaver tears up with this
on national television and no races you know i made Brent musburger's career i gave him his first
art they don't even ask him about it they're asking about the dolphins don't arrest this is a strange
man yeah but uh... he's not quite so uh... egotistical when it comes to mr. robby
anyway mr. robby owns mr. weaver you can go to the bank on that well it'll
be stock and barrel it'll be mr. robby to me if he succeeds in bringing baseball to this town
which i mean the nba thing i think it's great we'll get into that in a second but uh... if you
get baseball here he will be mr. robby to me but what i don't get uh... we're gonna lose every
listener on the whole across the spectrum now but what i don't get is how you brought can say over
and over and over again we don't want multi-year stadiums we only want parks we want baseball
parks which is a great idea we want more fennelies more rigglies and a few were what arrowhead
stadiums over those things are what you know we rivers right three rivers um... and meanwhile
joe just because i don't know yet we'll have a bit of the decade no problem because we're going to
put baseball in here yeah by folding up a bunch of chairs uh... on one side we'll have a 370
foot left you know uh... left field and i forget we're gonna tell you we made it wide enough so we'll
we got room to plop it in there i can't wait to sit in this place first of all watching football
and stadium designed also for baseballs of pan the neck because the field is too wide and
but if he can get baseball there then he'll be mr. robby to me for the several years until a team
flees and a church gate receipts for about a dollar and a half it i i know this should be the
perfect time for baseball now the truth comes well i just know i have to see the stadium is it lake
lucerne it's not in downtown Miami so you're willing to predict the failure of anything like
lake lucerne or nirangia any place else but if it's in downtown Miami like the metro rail and the
people move her and the basketball team that you alluded to only moments ago and i can't wait to hear
this if it's downtown then you know it's gonna be great and no one is gonna come flocking from
air to go to over town i just went nuts listening to rick horro who was on i think an iod of course
oh no he was on with ron sacks excuse me it was with ron sacks that he was on and rick horro who's
probably got one of the best scams going in history keeps getting paid to be the sports what is
that title sports um i don't know what we said or something or other now something or other he's
on and off the sport sports authority chairman or whatever and nothing ever happens you don't nobody
ever gets a team now we finally got another team so now he can almost legitimize another five
years of the salary that he gets and he was telling us about all the great things and trying to
tell us well it's not really in over town it's park west it's not over just go down there and look
you know walk around there at night it's safe it's great of course he's not gonna walk around
there because a guy wants to stay alive people are not gonna go there well a certain kind of
person certainly isn't gonna go there because a lot of people who still won't go to parts of
downtown Miami that are certifiably safe their parts of downtown Miami that are safer at night
and coral cables the reason maybe because there's no one there there's not enough foot traffic to
support a mugger nonetheless it's true that there are parts of downtown Miami that are very safe
and i you know whenever the film like around the herald for example that's no the herald's not
is good a place as for instance the access between guzzman cultural center and the intercontinental
hotel which during the season is an access many of us sued travel because whatever is a
guzzman film festival or maybe uh... maybe city ballet or something like that and then of course
maybe a reception afterwards or you just go to the bar at the intercontinental because it has to be
open and nice i've walked that many a time looking helpless in my tux you know or or you know
dressed in anyway but looking like a you know a helpless walking car he just sued a walking target
in a way that i would never comport myself in new york walking from broadway to my hotel no way i mean
you you walk carefully there you do the get shuffled when you when you're coming from a theater in the
york and i i get into furious arguments with people even you know good friends over just this issue
because people who think nothing of going to new york is to her saying oh honey we'll take in a
show again tonight yeah and then they walk back to the ol gunk one of the milford plaza they're coming
down 44th street across you know eight seven hundred Broadway no long enough you pay attention to
what's going on in those situations you can watch the guys that you work in teams you can watch
one up the block spotting you and isn't that all of a sudden to be another one behind you this is
happening a couple of times there you got to be really careful that kind of stuff doesn't happen
where i travel in downtown mami but yeah but you see what's going on in new york is almost worth
getting mugged for what's going on here it's just not worth well that's an interesting nuance that
i had never thought about it was it's you just you in other words the risk factor has to be
justified are you willing to put your life on the line to go see a Broadway play or to go to Madison
square garden as opposed to going downtown where there's nothing basically going on you just
give up your wallet as an additional cost of the ticket right well no i don't think the very
fact that the mba thing is downtown makes it good as a matter of fact it's going to make it harder
clearly because people have that perception they don't want to go there and there are some
reasons for that i mean overtown is a troubled area and it has been since they built a building
there and split the neighborhood and have very profound but on the other hand nba basketball
does have a a younger i think clientele for the most part and say baseball or football
and it tends to be a more ethnic clientele so they're going to get some people who aren't afraid to
be there oh yeah all those middle-class blacks and upper-class blacks who live in south florida both
of them i mean where do we have this large middle and upper-class black pop you may not be a middle
class thing i'm i'm counting on on some of those tickets going to people who just people who
just fans of sports period people can't afford the dolphins should be able to afford the heat right
the dolphins tickets have gotten pretty expensive but the heat plays a lot more games in the dolphins do
well that's the problem and that's why i've always been scared to plug scuff maybe if we had a basketball
team that played only like a 14 game season that might work because we know they'll never make
the playoffs anyway well you know how what a funny town this is over over the case of those what
is it seven games or seven or eight games we're going to get from the dolphins each year
this is what people focus on they and they there's the perception of tremendous unified community
enthusiasm for the dolphins except you will not find the stadium sold out after the second
last the season unless it's against the jets of the raiders uh that suggests to me yeah there's
some enthusiasm but it's not what we think we have everything focused in on this one little
enterprise the Miami dolphins eight times a year if they're lucky and meanwhile the hurricanes can
go begging doesn't make any difference what our national ranking is it's making any difference
about vinytas test of liberty they can't fill a stadium for anybody but gainsville another day
and now gainsville has turned tail so what what happens with the NBA is actually they're coming in and
and you know the team is is hoping that people are going to adopt this particular franchise and see
it through yeah his lean years which Miami has not traditionally done yeah but they won't the other
side of it is he won't say he's just tipped owing on the edges but you know they won't why have a
problem i would make a guess about baseball but i i don't know enough about basketball to make the
guess i'm not a big basketball fan i certainly will go but that i'll do out of sued civic duty
you know i'll go to a couple games a year just see what they're under people mover but yes and
i will go on the people mover because boy is it convenient and handy and you know for only 25 cents
it's your self-flod a transportation bargain but you forced that out of me well i'm talking to this
man he's part of his brain i think he had a little bit of the same operation they gave Bill Casey
just just a partial and at the herald you know they take all the employees at the herald they take
the employees and they give them the psychological tests and they scream at them and they shout they
really do that don't they actually they they do have a testing battery yeah but um i've heard that
the test that they do now are just incredible and they take these poor bastards and they put them
in a room with some lunatic and he screams and yells and insults them and they just do all kinds of
wild tests that's just part of your weekly process you go in and you meet your editor and that's
just the performance review is that what he likes performance review 24 before one at w i and z i
think we have to take some calls for cost for because he's backed himself into an up quarters now i
just i didn't want to say what might say something about movies before we're finished about the
NBA i want to say oh yeah and that is who knows what really will happen because for the first time
we have two seasons of professional sports that's going to be very yeah but you've also got
to some other hurricanes basketball and you notice even though they sold it out to corporations
got all the tickets sold you saw how many people showed up for those what is it tonight's session
what i twelve hundred fourteen hundred and what's going to happen to them when we have a pro basket
ball team playing at the same time good question yeah excellent questions anybody thought about that
i don't know if mr. ho that question he didn't have a very satisfactory answer well no
zev buffman a a prime mover not the but a prime mover in the real franchise does come from my
beat as it were my principal beat which is the culture and pseudo intellectual areas and tell what
you see now you've convinced me that this is true it is true um i am confident that the i mean
this guy sometimes it doesn't always succeed but it's pretty shrewd guy usually studies the stuff
and they i've got a figure as base i did base i had all kinds of marketing surveys in which they
predicted precisely what many people said wouldn't happen which was a gangbusters opening i got
a figure that zev's got a line on the same thing he's got reason to believe that a lot of people
are going to come um and certainly if it works at all this team works just within a couple of
years that will bring the entire community around it's back baseball very much so i don't know if
it'll bring baseball but it will bring overtown back with semblance of decency as a community
bullfighting the same way that base i just bringing this game boulevard back lacrosse to at least
the semblance of badminton promise okay bill cost for it is here let's give those numbers down
see if the audience wants to talk to them or if they're just a terminal at this point in date
county six and you can ask about movies because that's really why he's here but uh you know we like
to kill a lot of time in date county six two four oh one nine one let me say it again six two four
oh one nine one and inbroward seven six four oh seven oh seven seven seven seven oh seven it's
twenty one before one at wion z we're up against sax now so it could be a little bit tough we'll come
back right after this okay nineteen before one at wion z neal rangers with my guest bill cost for
the movie critic almost at radio critic i guess you're trying to move into that area a little bit for
the mimey herald and not too many people want to talk to you bill that's about them lying got very
limited number of calls on the board i told you first of all they're not interested in movies they
don't care about the basketball team they know it's going to be a flop uh colorization they couldn't
give it damn less they feel they don't like Woody Allen but hey i'll give the numbers out one more
time if they will don't want to talk to you that's their business i'm surprised they don't want
to talk to you they have a herald target three lines lit on the board i mean that's embarrassing
but i'm a barber cap it man get better response and then i'm surprised with all the vitriol about
the herald since they have a captive exactly and if you want to rip costs for the hero i mean lend
to thorn we wouldn't let you do that too because she's not responsible but he's in here defending
it well because she's a decent human being exactly i am not some kind of a suit i'm
defend this kind of yellow journalism i am typical to kind of scum who would not only
do one of these stories but would defend it yeah i'm relish it safer it relish it okay i'll give
the numbers one more time and if not we'll just say goodbye to the audience in date county six two four
of course i guess they heard everything and they needed to know about movies yesterday six two four
oh one nine one and date and one open line and brow art at seven six four oh seven oh seven
and bill has promised if you're real nice to him that just before two o'clock he'll tell you why
roblow wears the earring okay we don't want to leave it all the sturdy doing i think roblow may be
the greatest single talent in motion pictures today my amy hello hello i don't care to know about
roblow too much but i might ask a question about movies i believe it or not first of all math
appeal i'm glad you mentioned that it it was a fine film a lot was about there enjoyed it excellent
yep especially young catholics i think you raised a lot of questions with them good second of all
i think basketball is going to bomb but baseball you got a point there well i just mentioned
baseball because it's a personal preference and i i'd be really skeptical of that one too it
worries me about the my amy audience is are they good over an eighty one home game schedule and
that's another question with the NBA are they good how many home games is an NBA team play too many
40 something 40 so i mean it could be hockey could be worse could be hockey go down you see the
orals and you see the angst up in waterdale they sell it out every week every day they do draw
the orals i've actually have noticed are drawing better than they used to i have no
explanation for that because they haven't been doing well in the regular season but the last
couple years even at my amy stadium which is in the famous bad neighborhood they're drawing better
yeah what i really want to talk about is this colorization thing believe it or not great i'm
interested to know if the people who are colorizing these films did they not purchase the rights
to do that yes indeed they did so and i've heard neil talking all morning i guess about the
the first amendment rights which are guaranteed and which cannot be bought or sold but we're getting
into the debate about someone who actually purchased the rights and therefore probably has the
right to colorize the film whether the director or the actor has something to say about it or not
well i i think it's one of the reasons why the congressional hearings were such a farce there's
a legal issue here i mean that they uh... ted turn has the right to put color on videotapes of
movies in the same way that uh... any director who's whose producer has bought a script has a right
to make modifications in the script it happens every time it's the way movies are made uh... what it
is is a it's an aesthetic and maybe moral question but what that's doing being debated in congress
i don't have the slightest idea because there's no legal problem for ted turner at all here opinion
it is a move point right now yeah the only thing about the surprises me is apparently
uh... it is turning out to be true maybe assist a novelty effect but it is turning out to be true that
people would rather watch color versions in black and white and maybe i'm just old enough to remember
having watched a lot of films in black and white but it seems to me when you turn on the tv it
doesn't make a heck of a lot of difference but i guess some of these pictures like it's a wonderful
life that i think of as being in black and white are actually drawing a bigger audience because they're
in these ridiculous ice cream colors and that surprises me i don't know why it is but uh... they're
out there those people have been do you think the same uh... problem applies when you turn on tv and
you get a nike commercial with uh... john lenin's revolution in the background
that's kind of bastardizing those songs it is to the extent that you uh... to the extent that they
once meant something to you and i'm of the generation that bites were sold yeah i am excellent
and he sold them uh... unfortunately uh...
as pure as michael would like us to think that he is he does a lot of things for money and that was
one and and that's kind of a said deal a yes like hearing a bob dilland ballad being used to pedal
arms or something it's the whole business of rock sell out is a said one but but you know rock groups
by and large sold out a long time ago there've been sponsored tours for years uh... and um...
you know popular music is no longer the force for social change at once was and even if it were
given the tenor of the times i think if rock groups are going to make a social statement would
probably make a lot of money and do it now because that's that's the social thrust of today as opposed
to the sixties when it was we don't care about money we want uh... you know an idealistic life for
that kind of thing frankly yes it annoys me a great deal when i see venerated popular songs that
once had political meaning being used to pedal shoes uh... what i do then is i and i really do do this
i i do i do do this i don't buy the product then i mean the products i won't buy you said several
things on a show today by the way which i'm not so sure are acceptable
we'll check with standards and practices after the show so you can come back as radio being
pervasive my words of already sunk exactly the very too of self-love like the newspaper we did
would just shows up on your doorstep these words even if you don't order it these words
sit in the homes now like PCBs are read on and they'll come up to infect the young
fm inspector come in once a month to spray the walls to get them out
we have an open-line in date six to four oh nine one point and beach hello i know hi i have a question
about movies uh... yes car yes i'm just a hot one which i would go to see in a way because i like him
warm baby i don't understand what the big deal is but he'll probably okay it's gotten terrible
you but i plan on seeing it anyways what did you think about it well i didn't think it was terrible
i i don't think it's very funny uh... i i'm writing about this for this for this sunday one of the sad
things uh... about our our obsession these days with money is in lists and rankings and ratings
and all the rest is that no one can get away from the i'd been the knowledge that ished our cost
between forty and fifty million dollars to make hence although it's not a very funny movie now it's
being called a colossal uh... dud their colossally dunder headed or an unbelievably big failure well
it's not that if you didn't know how much it cost you'd walk in i think you'd chuckle enjoy it and
you'd walk out but unfortunately now that we know and made a big deal of how much it cost people are
judging it in terms of its money it certainly doesn't look as if it should have cost fifty million dollars
on the other hand uh... yeah it's a chuckle movie but given the salaries of war and baby and dust and
hopman and the director of the movie cost fourteen million dollars before they've done anything these are very
high-paid people so uh... it's not a big movie it's going to lose somebody a tremendous amount of money
and the odd thing is i'm in agreement with you in one interesting statement which is i've never
understood with the big deal is about one baby either he has not made that many films most of them
have been successes but he's one of the most powerful and popular men in hollywood and um...
uh... i guess because he's long been thought of as being a guaranteed box office draw ishtar is about
to prove that that is not true well it's his money and it's so he's the one is going to lose it
well actually columbia pictures is going to lose the fifty million dollars but he's the producer
he's the producer but he produced in the real sense not the executive producer sense that is
he was for a five hundred thousand dollar fee the man who ran the operation uh... he uh...
supervised the hiring of people made sure they were on schedule and assisted director in any way
he could but he has he told me he gave the director free hand for the most part uh... and in this
case producer does not mean that he put up the money the money came from columbia pictures twenty
eight million dollars and they went over that budget by about as much as twenty three more
well i would have done a fifty one hundred fifty thousand yeah i would have done it for a hundred
and fifty i i would have to get okay
what is called to be great somebody in a pay phone in hollywood wants to talk about the herald hello
a male yes first time call here good and uh... i just thought this is the perfect opportunity to
colon with this uh... musing and a good i have for you uh... last month on what then i was
taking a vacation out in calirato and we're on a flight out to denver
and we notice in the seats in front of us was this young attractable and sitting there reading
a book mining for business and then the seat next to her was vacant but then on the out seat was
this uh... twelfth of a guy and it was so obvious that he was annoying and testing her as he kept
wrapping and hawking her and and trying to press her what he does and for living and trying to
pick up and she was very polite and was just trying to ignore him but this was going on for the
entire flight out to denver guess who that was sitting next to her
carry heart no
com feeler that's right no it wasn't he that's the honest that's the honest truth it was com
feeler and we were listening he's dropping in on the conversation and it turns out to be so
ironic that uh... you know people in class have a shouldn't go how do you like that
actually i've never known feeler to be boastful at all
but there are some people who get off on their role as reporters but i've never known
tealer to do that he's very quiet soft spoken man but maybe he leads a double life
and i would like to get his the car can't of the mimey her old well now that this is out
another people have heard it i can predict that we'll have a stake out of feeler's digs so we'll
have a story for you and we credible thank you sir
a w i g exclusive ten minutes before one at wins we have a two open lines in broder now seven six four
oh seven oh seven you do a little bit better not the overwhelming seven six four oh seven
oh seven will come back with bill cost for the hero right after this
that'll be a good head yeah he is very good i have years very good i'd yet to see him not
make a lot of sense in the air and we're going to talk about freedom of speech and he's very
good on that too we do have an open line in date somebody expired they're on their way to see
ishtar uh... six two four oh one nine one bay harbour island hello hello yes i'd like to ask mr
comfort about two pictures one picture was beyond therapy
why did that only last one week in the city i don't know i i really like to be on therapy a lot
really nice next journey in a profound sense yeah uh it was the robert alton uh
adaptation of the deranged play about people in their and their therapist and of course the
therapist wound up being crazy and they were it was a it was a farce never fails it was
thought you know ten times the the farce the dishtie is for instance very funny movie a lot of
people just hated it and i got some mean mail on that and also got some bad reviews and people just
wouldn't go we were far people in the in the movie sometimes they just don't work uh
alton is a perfect example he's the same guy who made nashville and a wedding in mash right uh... but
people are forgotten that and he had a he's he's been on a downhill slide people don't go to see his
movies anymore uh... i have no explanation for that one there there are times when people have radar
for quality movies and it's it's a better radar than the u.s.s stark head like anti radar they
detect a good movie and they won't go we have another great movie call coming up next it says the
owner of the pussycat theater is online three could this be the roigriff at the
reeling calling in it could be hello yes it is i can't believe it i'm calling my car the reason i'm
calling is the about a month ago the city of Miami police department of as a total of eleven
officers to lieutenant the mimey fire department came to the theater and confiscated a film which they
said was obscene at the time confiscated all the equipment tucked down the screen and uh... there
was a lot of time and effort on the film the mimey here all for four week straight they were once
paid they run for complete pages in the neighbor section photographs and everything
yesterday we were in court with the same film and judge client rule that the film was not
obscene i haven't seen anything missing the hell about that at all this is the first time hearing of it
although uh... since we've got people covering courts like i can't imagine that that someone else
isn't aware of it uh... and i would expect we we'd have a story on that uh... uh... this but the law
there also trying to charge us with now is the racketeering law uh... which they went back uh...
seventeen years or eleven years i think it was not trying to take the eighteen films out of the uh...
five thousand something we have ran and those they did take and make a rest of eighteen of
the cell of eighteen films were declared uh... with just with health eudication not guilty and they're
trying to make a racketeering act uh... with it which they can make it sick they could confiscate
all the properties that are on my gated here in the cooperators the voters uh... also anything
i own and put us right out of business this is an intriguing approach uh... that this been kicked
around for years now to uh... uh... restricting so-called obscene films is the racketeering statute but
what's bad about this law is that anyone that profits are it takes money from this corporation
can also be a code of film and that it yeah the idea being that uh... uh... uh...
for not for a graphic films presumably are all manufactured by organized crime which is a statement
that is uh... transparently false but beyond that it's amazing case of selective enforcement because
if we were to go after every uh... legitimate business that beneath it had some sort of organized
crime tie we could start with uh... nightclub and cabaret acts and and just we could fold down all
live entertainment by the same uh... criterion because i mean you got the comedian such as don
rickles who will openly joke about their mob agents and the guys who are booking them uh... it's
it's in it's not even a secret in the industry the fact is there are a number of uh... glossy
industries that are mobbed up to one extent or another i mean if we were going to worry much about
racketeering behind enterprises we should shut down truck drivers because the teamsters and
see every past it's another example of a little scam being run for a moralistic purpose uh... actually
people who worry about the pussycat theater ought to feel uh... happy that my amy has so few of these
that i i'm toying with the idea in the back of my mind to pussycat and that one on my me beach
i think it's the Roosevelt or whatever ought to be declared like some sort of historic monuments in my
because so far it has very few of them in the videotape business is almost eviscerated them we
should treasure the couple that we have and the whole idea of them uh... what we should uh... you know
kind of protect because they're a they're in disappearing species right the reason i'm caught also
this law is so loose so bad that the my amy harrow could be a co-dependent in this lawsuit and
they could actually bring them in the fact is that they've taken over to me and dollars of my money
in advertising and they certainly know what type of films we run we run extra to theaters they
advertise they've did articles on it and where this law reads at anyone that's profits from it
could be brought in the co-dependent uh... this is the first time they've tried this type of
law and a state of florida uh... so far judge we want to find judge fuller and he issue would not
issue a temporary restraining order against the uh... for the city for the theaters and they have
sixty days to answer and they could appeal to the decision meantime we're still tied up in court
uh... with this hanging over our heads that they could come and confiscate the properties and uh...
put it in complete out of business just because of these films they uh... that was absolutely
well that i think that we're up to somewhere we want even if you have one the case okay i'm out of
time here later but uh... hopefully you bill will get to the right people at the
here another good scam here to involve in this in that they've been doing this to the video shops a lot
okay that is that you pick up when we come back at michael fives the headline cbs with the world
news at one will come back to any more news wins if you'd like to call me all down one oh seven
of w i and c that story about urie geller was really uh... little more in a new realize because
the man's been proven to be a fraud to begin with so what difference is it make what he's
eating right at this age of the game but don't confuse cbs with the tales okay we have an open
line somebody passed out and they when they heard about that they were busy bending their spoon at
lunchtime and it couldn't handle it uh... six two four oh one nine one now before we go back to the
calls you were right in the midst of a uh... about the pussy cat theater and about the great scam about
exquisite x rated videotape prosecutions is what they do they um... they get some judgments
here and there yeah that session such movie as obscene
then they don't go to the videotape store and say you better look out for such as such movie
they go and give them a long list of movies that might be obscene on there will be the titles that
they know they have a judgment on somewhere else so the videotape people are there in the situation
where if the law are really designed to call out that you know really mean they don't specific
the title and the people you know it's a okay that's out that's out what they do instead is tell
them you may have one and they have no choice but to either get rid of all their their sex videos
or be busted and you'll note that the bus are routinely against only one kind of person
poor eighteen and nineteen year old clerk who's in their work is never gets any other kind of
person in the bus to click it is the most is really a savage and it's like for a long time
busted up in bay county because he sold a cassette an album to a fourteen year old boy without a
sticker on it didn't have a tipper sticker on by the way i now again i know that we're all supposed to be
rational about this uh... and i think of myself as a serious political thinker but there's no way
Albert Gore and i keep hearing more and more about him is getting my vote now any circumstances
and it's because of his wife you know because of him but it's because of her she's a lunatic and
i don't want anything to do with those people how about if he gets divorced divorced and runs away
down a right for men this okay to my any hello
all i know
that you guys are a bit
i'm sitting here in my office at my door close
that's what hysterical laughing at you
that couple of questions for you bill i read your column consistently
love disagreeing with you
paper health but it's unfortunately it's the only game in town
and i've been a subscriber from more than fifteen years and that horrible
well it is it's it's just mangan depressing i've been a subscriber only a little bit longer but
they've got the only game in town but it is um... the major game in time
i bet it's really frustrating but i still get the time to find out what's really going on
before i hold good for you well i get the times every day two for a different perspective
oh do you really well yeah but there's an interesting you know we well not course i i
i wouldn't miss the times each day either but the national edition of the times has so much
earlier deadlines and in fact your national news will be more up to date in the
herald every day the only time you'll get a break on the times as if they have a scoop
a story that a herald doesn't have absolutely right but if you really want to know what's
happening in town and you care about your community you've got to read your local newspaper
yes you do and you don't have to agree with the newspaper oh oh no i love disagreeing with it
yeah i happen to be another one who adores what he allen
i'm a big whaty allen fan do you know what his next movie is going to be and when it's coming out
i can confidently tell you um... that the title of it is woody allen's untitled because that's always
the title at this point in his working uh... then uh... after a while it will probably become woody
allen's fall movie will be on the second working title and i would expect that once again we will
see it in january or february of eighty eight what it is about and who's in it i don't know
some people may but this is usually a closely guarded secret uh... in this time again apparently it is
i did hear that um... he will be in his next one as opposed to not uh... in all how terrific
you know you will be in the new one uh... i i had heard that but there's never any telling you
know he does keep them under wraps uh... and uh... we're considering staking out the set up we
i can't believe he's going to finally be a daddy
yeah i think that's an amazing thing fifty one years old and and they've no plans to marry of course
but he says you know this will be an interesting experience the weird thing about is
it even uh... mea has said woody doesn't much like kids so this will be intriguing
they are intriguing couple i really think they're really a perfect match quite honest
there they are one other question uh... i'm going to see ishtar i happen to remember a lame
when they were nickels in the way with the big fan of their yeah i'm a very big
best in hotman so my uh... one dd i can take a leave mostly i can leave except i
have to like shampoo very very much
but i will see it well i would encourage everyone to see it i you know i didn't like the film very
much i gave it uh... a two star review but uh... i never think of the purpose of those is
giving people an excuse not to go to a movie uh... anybody with any curiosity about any of the
participants ought to go definitely and my last question basically is uh... about rich
a chamberlain he has done so well on t.v. how come he's never made it on the big screen
uh... a number of people are that way uh... david janssen with the same way that's another
one that i really liked very talented yeah the best definition i've heard of that is that
these were these were figures who were essentially uh... to hot or depending on who you believe
to cool for the big screen they were small screen you know that the small screen is the cool
medium they were perfect for the uh... for the smaller screen and they just don't blow up very well
there are a number of them who are like that i don't have any more profound um... explanation for
that except that whenever i see Richard chamberlain uh... in big close-up for instance i'm aware
that i don't think he's a very good actor whenever i see him on television i never i never think that
i always think that he's you know perfectly adequate to the role uh... janssen is very much the
same way i thought he was a marvelous television actor uh... in the few films that i saw him in
i just was never impressed one way or the other
if his play life berth jell on broodway has a close
who's uh... i wrote to chamberlain oh um... i don't know i don't know i'm sorry to say
trip up to new york and i just wondering if you have the information uh... no but i do know this is not a
plug that uh... we we run the uh... you know the broadway listings in the in the sunday hero virtually every
sunday it would be in there okay again thank you and you i am so glad that you are on in the
morning and during the day me too i you have no idea how happy i am okay thanks a lot thank you
bye speaking of band videos let's take a call from margate hello
oh gee whizno we don't like to ban videos here in margate uh... it's unfair um... i was going to
ask um... bill about colorization but then when you got the call from
leroy griffith it opened up a whole new avenue of my conversation
i used to be one of the prosecutors that worked to get a persecutor's that worked
against leroy and a number of his films that we confiscated from the fussy cat you were one of
those people who is wasting taxpayers dollars you're absolutely right we're wasting the tax payers
dollars um... going against this guy who had in my opinion every right to show whatever he wanted
to show because you couldn't let kids under 18 into the theater and these were adults who wanted
to pay to see the stop so i saw absolutely no reason why that's one of the reasons i left
absolutely no reason why he couldn't show his film uh... bill said that there was uh... or
you did say that what we would do is going with a list of mom and pop video and say you may have
some point out we wouldn't go in with a list we send in an undercover guy he got the x-rated
section it says clearly x-rated adults only no one under 18 admitted uh... closed off with a
door they go in they pick some of the raunchies looking to take a home you know buy him
few four five times get their jolly's write them down take them to a judge and it depended on
which judge he went to is to whether he decided it was obscene or not yeah yeah and jerry
client since he left his wife or his life left him has never has has yet to find something
obscene while he was married everything was obscene uh... it depends on your judge and it depends
on what happens during the day with them as to whether they're going to go and go along with uh...
determining something is not to be seen by the general public that's an interesting nuance that
yeah you you wait for your judge or wait for your judge to go through change of life for something
and then when you got it that's true uh... in in some video stories have been into
they get a list but only after the the tapes have been read only after the bust has been made
well yeah well it was that before five days they take all those days down you know uh...
and the older judges that don't want to make uh... or make uh... these movies are seen
the younger ones won't go near it i mean i used to walk around with one of the cops trying to find
a judge that was in who i knew with the clear something of scene when we had to get a warrant out
and it was it was ridiculous it's about which one is here to well this one is off the list here
and let's see judge that one no we don't want to go to him he's going to get in the heart but what
is the what is the purpose of this though i mean of the exercise other than the continued
posturing for the public well thanks rocker fellow operato yeah way out there in Miami and uh...
basically they're saying we don't want to see no this district
and that's why they're doing it i mean why else did they post the post the drama
on the board when they have better things to go after it's something that's very visible
very public and makes a big splash you know like when the herald wanted to print the name or when
the herald did print the names of the john it makes a big
splash everyone knows the constant doing something that we asked them to do and that's why they're
doing it i mean they they busted a couple of the stores and it made made all the local news stories
uh... about a year and a half ago because wow gee what we know leo are you were going to go
we go and we're going to do all this wonderful stuff against them and then we find it just doesn't
fly later on and when the judges come back with no disease not obscene after i've
viewed it three times
of course it's you know we go into uh... uh... try out these guys and you show in sixteen films
and after the first film the jury of judges like
give me a break they're tired they're bored they don't see it they sleep
and then they only judge the first film of scene all the rest of the work because i didn't see him
or they're snows right yeah
so that's that's what i had to say well i lost it on polarization
i had to get the pornography off my chest because leo is right
you know in in so many ways well again a big problem we have to is that uh...
uh... x-rated materials don't have many defenders you know you get a broad first
amendment defense often that will say now i don't like this kind of thing but
you could very few people come out and say i like it
and it and you know and it's defensible on these grounds uh... most people take the
more timid approach uh... and it's too bad andrew sarah's film critic for the
village voice periodically uh... comes out and writes unqualified defenses
openography he likes it he enjoys it and and he will actually discuss it
uh... but
you know most people don't want to defend this kind of thing is again it's the
unpopular speech who wants to defend unpopular speech it's like that
nazi's marching in scoki
sorry the same thing when the government starts making these definitions of what
is
and what is not obscene is you know we we lost it we blew it right there how many
years ago is that fifteen years ago whatever was
uh... when we allowed the government
to say what is obscene and what is not try to define it
that was the beginning of the end and other road just keeps getting
deeper and longer and we're i don't know if we're going to get out of it
well the assumption that most people don't seem to grasp the government is
making is that we cannot for ourselves in a determination exactly we can't do
it we've got to have them do it and if somebody doesn't want to see it nobody is
dragging them off the street no matter what it is
and we're now in a period of supposedly is the most conservative government has
been always likely to be in some time and we know the conservatives are
nearly want less government but in fact is nothing conservative about this
no no all that the conservatives only want less government when it comes
to regulating big business the people that they represent
they want more government when it comes to regulating public private
morality that's when they want to really step in this really this really
meets these two things clash completely in the fcc business because all this
talk about the marketplace will decide the marketplace has
decided on how it's done in the ariders there's no question about community
standards the community standard is the ariders the other stuff is off to
the side because the most in the community standard is how it's turned that's
what people are listening to it is come you know come when the marketplace
meets the desire to regulate morally it's great well you know wonderful
explosion for these people
uh... the thing is do we have to live with this now
as reagan is in grassy disappear we have to live with it for ten or twenty
years
more of this haven't helped us twenty minutes passed one at w i n z bill
cost for this year the movie
twenty two minutes passed one of w i n z i didn't want to i wanted to make you
feel a little insecure of course you did but what we see i purposely open the
phones in the middle of the lunch hour in the new hour which is always the
impossible hour to start the phones that we're on the first comes on to
well he does have uh...
let's go to hollywood next hello
hollywood
nothing must be just left to call ron sacks is a matter of fact
boka hello
hello are you doing okay
yet let's make a comment about what you know i have a you said it next movies
on title i have a title for it
and it is a row c's of the rich and privileged
okay uh... what was the first part of the row c's
neuroses of the rich in privilege
i have a lot of time what you know i feel he's very smart in his movies
his movies all about his rich and privileged friends is very insulated
this is how i don't know i don't know
he's a he lives in a fantasy land because he's in his own world
it all over the world you have to make like a white movies you know let him
make them but i don't want to see him well he does live in his own world i
i think increasingly you'd find him willing to admit that although one of the
things he takes a knock for
uh... that is shooting almost exclusively in the york uh... and and placing
everything in the york
there's a less those are more prosaic answer for and that is that that would
eat
just likes to shoot location as over sets
largely because
he knows he can do so on a lower budget
uh... and he knows new york it feels comfortable there he's admitted
he doesn't like to believe the city that's where he lives
and basically he should things there just because it's easy
why why i can understand that however he doesn't like to leave it mentally
you know it was with his uh...
close uh... circle friends and all
all of them are very neurotic the very privilege
they live in a fantasy world of Manhattan
and if you if you're ready to read of new york a magazine it seems like you
could take any story in new york magazine
and it would be what he owns script at the same attitude
i would point out though that uh...
for instance uh... purple rose of kaira was a film that
had nothing to do with anybody or privilege there was uh... it was a fantasy
about uh...
a woman during the depression that would have bad marriage and movie actor
actually stepped out of the screen and fell in love with her
and in her life now everybody and that was poor except for the actor
uh... but uh... in an interesting reversal he had
the rich swells frozen up on the screen while their actor was out having
an affair in real life the rest of the people who were in this uh...
in a rich uh... setting
couldn't they couldn't go on with their scene and there was simply frozen
there and kind of immobilized but for the most part you're right alan does that
kind of thing i happen to still find him very funny
i love radio days which was only half and half about rich folks
visit period peace
and the family in radio days was uh...
was you know lower middle class uh...
right and poor and
you know he isn't acquired taste not everybody goes for it
uh... some people are turned off by new york humor but
but some other people
simply don't
like the whole idea they don't buy the constant erotic business and i can
understand that i can grasp it actually
what he alons films are never that popular
and also is most popular film uh... any hall was not a big money maker
you agree with that you
and also on colorization i just want to say that i think it does work well with
all musical
i think yaki doodan did actually uh... with chiming cagney
i think it actually added to that movie
well the flash movie to begin with a number of people uh... uh... think that
well although there are no minority at least
no they're not the minority obviously most people think colorization is neat
because they're watching it but
some critics have even made the point that
cheerleys some of these movies do look better uh... the best example i've seen
is some old lower than hearty to real is
that have been
colored and the color is still bad enough so that
it's not very good color and all our two real is almost looks like one of
those old colored
postcards where people used to put the pastel photo colors on top of postcards
uh... and they have a real antique flavor because of that and they do they
look fine
yaki doodan i guess is not a piece
not a piece of fluff so that
right now i think really what has people most upset is the idea that
ted turner the ultimate fillist in can do what he wants
with
those movies it's the same thing the uh... the earlier color mentioned you know
michael jackson
owns the beetle songs and you can do with them what he wants and
frankly i don't trust michael jackson i'm not happy about really
no i don't think i don't trust michael jackson is a strange you know he keeps
your abs and weasel's and stuff and talks to snakes the guy is just as you know
he's a wonderful scandal because
pepsy apparently is this whole generation of ads that can't release with michael
jackson
uh... just because he's he's too odd
they're afraid that people who drink pepsy
here comes good
hello
this is michael jackson
urgent you to help stop the spread of social disease
don't risk your life
but having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar queen
i heard you to do like i do
go alone
but make sure you were protection
that's why i recommend the michael jackson glove
one on either hand
the michael jackson glove
add the security piece of mind that i need to do it myself
so remember
before you put it out put it on
and
michael jackson glove
proving once again that a bird in the hand is better than one in the bush
a better than sequin models for extra stimulation
now i have to always wanted to live in a uh... glass bubble
i mean isn't that just what every and it's a bit of a still i still enjoy
this particular spot this is the best one of the short things to do it
joe johnson while listening to do something redeeming his life before he
try to become a talk show host
joe was not ordinarily that funny
now but if i should if you want to fight out to them in some night on
saturday
he showed a rare night sky
he is an ice guy but not funny
you know i'm saying joe and this is like uh... you know if he would have
dealt with this thing properly if you would have sold it or something
uh... he could probably live the rest of his life of that
and see people don't mind stakeouts of uh... michael jackson or madonna and
shan ten that's interesting they don't mind that kind of thing at all
you've never seen michael jackson he doesn't come out you don't see michael
although i know there's a paparazzi even now outside the uh... disney attraction
in his backyard you know working in hope in the catch michael walking around
the uh...
the oxygen tenor
wait a minute
we're being kind of something really good is coming up here
something is happening
what is that sunny fox
sunny is playing sunny fox
who was that
although sunny fox calling i thought somebody was playing a tape of sunny fox
what was he saying
he was but i don't even care what he was saying you believe the sunny fox called
in here calls every time i'm on you always have a point i don't want to talk
to you son you lost go away go away
i don't even know sunny well i don't have any city itself lucky
fortwaterdale hello
are you there
how are you great
we haven't spoken for many many years how come
the last time i called you we were speculating on the possibility of richer
cennets uh... breaking into the clean spedroom
and since then uh... from what i hear he probably has
values you recall we we were talking about the fact perhaps he was uh... trying
to find out how real clean decorators hit the boot well
exactly i do remember that
it's a long time
yeah since then it closed up most of his uh... joints so what is that
yes indeed
good talking to you and uh... i'm back
with you again i'm glad that you're under the day
and i've enjoyed you thoroughly
uh... bill how are you okay yourself
very well thank you i have enjoyed your column for a long long time
that to questions for you
what is care over net doing these days
i don't have the answer to that
that was a hit sounds to hear sounds could know these things yeah but or maybe
jack sturdie or jack sturdie might i you know
have not heard
word one about what she's doing since about a year ago she was involved with
some benefit might have been one of the aids benefits in hollywood i haven't
heard a thing
uh... and certainly no movie plan that i know i'm that's for sure
okay uh... how about lily tom when she planning to do a movie
in the near future no she's apparently going to go back
uh... on the stage with uh... the one-woman show the search for intelligent
life in the universe uh... the movie is now out
uh... that the documentary on how she put together that show with Jane Wagner
and this was the movie that that lily sued the filmmakers for after having
agreed to you know
uh... let them film her part of her act she sued them for taking too much of the
act
uh... and the suit eventually was thrown out
uh... because the judge ruled that the film was you know that they had not
trespassed their agreement but meanwhile the
the the publicity over that and the good reception the film has received
uh... has caused her to think that she
kind of uh... closed the broadway show too soon so you can go back to New York
and do that
uh... and i would get you to do it for a year so
which i'm glad for cuz i've not seen seen it in the supposed to be marvelous
show
uh... i know you're not jack sturdie and i wouldn't even presume to ask this
question however it has been served me for quite some time how is bernell
health
but we'll tell apparently is excellent
uh... he is you notice he's being seen more in public
uh... he uh... has been on more talk shows he's added some of the weight back
and he's older than he was five years ago and you can tell that but aside from
that
he's also done a string of films right now boom boom
his taste is still no better at least in picking scripts and directors
never has been quite good no i well it was once he did a film called starting
over that in which he was marvelous
uh... but uh...
it it does appear uh... as i think
i suggest that a year or so ago that
the business about tmj the trans mandibular joint uh... disorder
that isn't the uh...
uh... disorder of the jaw that can really disrupt your equilibrium and require
surgery and extensive
recuperation was exactly what bernell did have at least it's what caused him to
lose a lot of weight
you know that there was a big aids rumor but i gotta tell you
if he had aids at one point he doesn't seem to have it now
he's the first if he has a is the first aid space and i've seen
to to you know put thirty pounds back on the back to work
i was really alluding to that although i was quite concerned about it's health
because i
had seen him around for a while i know he did as you said made a couple of
movies recently and has been i have not seen him locally on television so
apparently i'm missing him when he's on uh... he's uh...
he's turned up on uh...
on carcin and a couple of the others
uh... and every now and then you'll see him in some sort of uh... another
Hollywood tribute spending more time in california i think but
but he went through a strange pretty was sick for a while for for at least a
year so it was a disabling thing that affected his balance
then we had the surgery apparently he was unable to uh... eat salad food for
a good six months
uh... but the other thing to cut up at the same time was he made one too many
cannonball runs and one too many smoking the bandits
uh... and his box office appeal had declined while he was still healthy
so combine the two a couple of your layoff
when he came back he found that it really weren't many offers
uh... and they weren't real good offers so now he's
uh... i you know he's going to throw together as many films as he can because he
wants to work again but it's a very sad story and one respect and that he was
at one point a number one box office traction the country
and he essentially squandered at himself by doing lousy movies
yes indeed you can ask you questions sure
this is out of bills pervue since he i know is uh... into the movie thing
tell me about your thoughts on uh...
jone rivers being uh... fired
well i'm glad you ask that question i think it was one of the most incredible
premature if i can still say that word on the air
uh... premature movements uh... by fox i mean she had just been here just be
carcin for the third time
you can't say movement either
on okay
well anyway i think it was premature how's that you know she just being
carcin for the third time in the york she'd be to my thing and watching for
the first time
i mean the show is only on for a few months
and here's a guy who's a legend who's just going through the motions i'm
talking about carcin not funny at all anymore
you're not expect to put her on first of all she's on in a lot of markets on
fringe stations on u. h.f. stations and independence
that have minimal viewership and i think that they really need to give her time
to grow i didn't watch it that much but i certainly think she says and
shoulders about carcin
as you say i couldn't agree with you more you put it very succinctly
carcin is doing nothing more now than going
well yeah he just shows up
they just shows up that's all his guest or no go here every now and then he'll
try to do a letterman thing but letterman has so completely eclipsed him
unfortunately that you know and what does that say well
uh... no no no no not in the least i don't think letterman's even mildly
amusing
the only thing it's amusing on his shows every when they bring those animals out
on the dog will think a lot of stage
and i don't think letterman can take much credit for that you know unless he's
feeding it before the show but he can take much credit for the kind of thing you
don't see very often yeah
i gotta say the decision to go with
guest hosts
it if that if they think that's gonna be the solution to that
yeah
to the box i mean that's loonacee can do that
new yeah
okay thanks a lot
who was it though who was rumored as a possible host for that show somebody
how it's done yeah how it's done right
howard allegedly is so gonna be on that
that could be after that show somewhere i don't know he allegedly is getting a
show on fox that could work but the problem is there you're beginning with
essentially two markets
he's starting with new york and philadelphia we'll have a decent audience and
yeah he'd have to be given question is is he gonna be allowed to do the things
that he does on a radio and i think no certainly which is interesting
it's very interesting because on television
sexual in the window and all of this other stuff is rampant it's an almost
every show it's in the commercials it's everywhere
and we in radio are the ones that they keep sticking the thumb down on but
interestingly enough if he were to try to go on television
and do what he does on radio they never let it go standards in practices would
never let the language go no i think the lesson there is that network
television far more regulated than you know the number of radio is carefully
regulated to but uh...
individual radio stations may allow some latitude i mean network television is
is absurd and they but they know but it
no i don't agree with the idea that i'm not a great no i don't agree with the
regulated theoretically they are right i don't mean regulated in a legal sense
i mean with from within all i say that how the whole stand-ins and practices
i mean
because they can be really if the commission were looking at them the way they're
looking at how it's done or a radio now
uh... eighty percent of the shows to be off the air but even the sitcoms all
those cute little family ties and all of those shows
the amount of sexual in the window and cute little uh... jokes and snickering
it goes on if you took it out of there there's no script left
but there's no way that uh... the fcc's gonna go after that because i think they
widely regard radio's constituency is powerless or i think
uh... and i think probably when they when they look at radio they think fm
anyway it's kids you know it's all kids in all folks you know who cares about
either one of them
tv star must not prime time and all of a sudden then you'll have a real
uproar
presumably will have one thirty seven and w twenty one before two and w i g
and uh...
phones are for you've had a great response here today ought to feel really uh...
full of it
you get
and i certainly do
i think you i do feel full of it
i want to have one of the one that made me think of this we're just talking about
radio during the break
but i am deeply disappointed that appears that larry king
is clinging is coming back up yeah
uh... because for
for a while the prospect that he would be all together off the air in this market
was just
yeah wonderful great if i'm not
get this one question
we get it all off the air and keep them off would be great well yeah the reason
that he he bounces around here so much is that the people in this market
know better than anywhere else in the city through them
and i can listen and they know he's just a stumble bump from brooklyn or whatever
and he's just uh... you know owes everybody money and he guys just a gun a little
bit of luck which i don't be grudging but i just don't want to listen to him
i was i think we could have a great guest on the show we don't have a lot of
guests so you ought to feel honored
that you're among the select few but how about angie dickensons optometrist
uh...
we're seriously we could plumb
we could definitely plumb the depths of the human psyche exactly if we knew
exactly what he is put on her contact no question about
it or elsewhere my any hello
i know yeah
like the ask about uh...
you know you're talking with the first the herald a little
my favorite columnist uh...
like the agon is usually poop but
i'd like to know
that she worked with a herald that she worked for independent restaurants
what if you feel on the part time i thought you have to have some kind of uh...
credibility
well she does work for the herald and uh...
although i don't always agree with her restaurant reviews
uh... and he has quite a bit in that she's a
uh... splendid cook herself and knows food very well
and she does visit the restaurants anonymously it sounds like the call
or his disagree with lucy on more occasions that i have others on balance i
find her
very dependable
i hear uh... advertising on other radio stations that they're gonna hold a
party at a certain restaurant and uh...
he'd want to be there with some
radio host
now is wondering did you think that's
yeah that's certainly uh... i have a credibility
i haven't heard about that
that quite a credibility like another restaurant critic in town i want to
mention his name
but uh...
you know when these people start shelling for certain uh...
establishments where is the credibility this one i really don't know anything
about
yeah you'll check into it uh... well i mean to be standing outside the next
restaurant that she goes to an orange code
certainly when that to stake it out you in that twerp will be standing outside
north my amy hello
home uh... mister copper yes
i'll tell you the uh...
little complain i have about these colorization films
uh... i don't believe they're colorizing the the films that are colorful enough to
to colorize you follow them in
like the other night they had on the fighty sixty ninth
it's a drab
type of uh... picture you know
just wasn't colorful enough
and uh... it was it was more brown than anything
and i've had turned her
has access to all the mgm library
plus the pre-1948 Warner Brothers films
he could do a lot of these old bus b-bark the musicals
captain courageous beauty on the bounties
and uh...
he's not using the right discretion i think i feel that i would guess he's
he'll get to those big is but it seems to me the strategy has been to begin with
three or four
uh... key high profile films like it's a wonderful life
colorize them
and then
put the colorizing attention toward those movies that are really not selling
well in the market
or that are not proven ratings getters because these are these presumably
are the weak ones
uh... where color might make a big difference in viewership
uh... i i can only figure that
there's a
a core audience for the musicals and that
they may not get around those for a while because they figure they're gonna get
watched and they're gonna get sold anyway
and he's got another drab when coming up next month father of the bride which
wasn't even a good picture to begin with
well a lot of these are good pictures make no mistake and then the other
irony is many of them were made in black and white only because
there was no color film or the production could afford color film
uh... nonetheless there those films lurking in that catalog such as
you know the film was that the uh... john heuston films they treasure the
fact that you're not right that the black really
and cast a blank as an example citizen can i'm sure somebody will colorize
in a later just to be perverse the turner will be the principal guy
and these are movies that don't belong in color
uh... and it's too bad i i don't take the uh... you know the cisco view that
the world is falling down and we should crucify turner but
but it's an interesting conflict because the contrary i don't because i
get more the credit of the world for what he's doing first of all he's getting a
lot of uh... sponsorship from the police making dough and the guy knew he needs
to mean cnm is not exactly a barnburner when it comes to profits all
another thing i have a little bit against uh... the tv s network uh...
i don't know how you feel about it but uh...
baseball fan i love the watch the on the brave game yeah
and this business of tape the way the game i agree with you boy i couldn't agree
with you more because it's the basketball games going forever yeah i couldn't
agree with you more you know they got to make up their mind what they want to be
in a course since he owns the brave one would think that the first priority
uh... would want to see uh... yeah we would be to see all the brave games live but
there's nothing worse than turning over to the meds game and hearing a partial
score
like in the six or seven thing and then having to turn over and watch again from
the beginning when you know the outcome exactly
incidentally a bill there was one film you review a couple years ago i couldn't
agree with you more and you know i have a video store
and i really push the film it's uh... one call racing with the moon oh yeah
not a nice movie i remember you're a little bit of you said it restored your
faith in movie make it yeah that was a real nice movie and the director
Richard Benjamin is not done many other
and i was some classic movie yeah
okay thanks a lot
he owns a video store there's there's a nice empathize with there's one of our
pioneers mother target may he do well may he prosper
sunny i'll sell out
i thought i was listening to a movie critic and all i've been listening to is
everything else
may i ask you a question about bruce
i will it
yes
is my picture
blind date
blind date
i love it
so did i do you know anything about him
his bio before moonlight
no i don't that unfortunately i don't
i am
and i do watch a lot of television but i don't watch the same kind that uh...
sonsky and jika and nil roger's watch i don't watch a lot of
prime time television and i've only seen moonlighting i think once
uh... usually i'm out doing something else during you know i may be seeing
i've never seen it
uh... you never seen no
i don't know what makes it like i watch those network shows i don't know
is a marvelous reputation everybody likes the show but uh...
willis's popularity i was aware of from the show
uh... and i think i'd seen one and perhaps snippets of others
uh... and i just i found him delightful and blind date but i don't know where
he came from before that
new york and i'm assuming that he was
of the day and that
and that
well your guess is as good as marina
because his his uh...
video was uh...
bruno
about bruno
and
but i i haven't seen anybody on him at all even people's magazines
i see your thing you haven't seen a feature story on them i'm not sure that i've
seen very many either
i haven't seen anything
and i'm i'm interested because i
i like him and i like that's the only thing on
on ten that i even watch
well i'm not sure whether we've had a a profile on a more not
it's possible to do many interviews of those seems unlikely most people do
uh...
i just i don't know
well i'll have a point
i'm out of maybe i'll go to california find out for myself
okay okay
okay i'm gonna have a
say my son or later
mayami hello
yeah i know how are you okay
uh... bill uh... i was wondering one of my favorite actors al Pacino
you very really hear much about him you know what he's doing now
i was not doing anything right now uh... and uh...
the his career took a kind of uh...
unexpected uh... good godfather music
my favorite movie too
and unexpected uh...
uh... slide
he was one of those
uh... new york based actors who um...
i think actually preferred the stage
uh... he would break every now and then
uh... i saw an american buffalo a couple years ago she had done twice
uh... and i think he may have broken once too often
uh... that and he made a couple of films that
really didn't go anywhere
what was the story of that revolution
uh... revolution i never saw
i understand it was a perfectly
uh...
terrible movie
big problem that may have been that it was a uh... was the first
uh... big budget film about the american revolution and i don't know how long it
was made by a british director
uh... Hudson
uh... and that's something of a problem because i think the perspective they
brought to it was odd and as al Pacino and
stashia kinski in it and she's box office poison and has been for entire
career so
uh... the i believe the film came here and played for a week when i was
on vacation was i never got a chance to see it but i understand it was awful
yet the only place you can really get it is on uh...
gate yeah i i want to do something to rent it because i'm still curious about
it's not that it's not great but it's not that
one of the thing uh... any word i heard about godfather three is that
have you heard anything about that
unless the hurt was off
uh... on the other hand uh...
and the last to her china town to was off and uh... now let's talk it maybe on
again
uh... one of the things that's gonna happen in the wake of the collapse of ishtar
is that there's probably gonna be a little more toriam on big budget production
uh... and i mean big huge budget production there's no question the godfather
three would be a huge budget kind of thing
uh... and so everybody's gonna be a little scared a little on hold for a while
because
warn baby and dust and half moon and alain may are about to go out and lose
uh... tens of millions of dollars and that always frightens people because
those are supposed to be box office guarantees
near one thing i heard neil that you uh... you like scurface
now
i hate it's car park i was unsure i thought it was a horrible movie at the
was totally without any redeeming value whatsoever
and no zero
from the same director the untouchables on june fifth one the steven bauer i mean
that forget there was nothing redeeming that movie at all you like the untouchables
course you like in justice for all i thought that was great that's a nice one and uh...
you you you're about father fan i'm sure you bet my favorite i have got that you
have seen parts one and two twenty times a piece i've got a month tape and i
can watch him every day
yummy to okay nice talk and take care
ten minutes before two at w i n z bill cost for his here boy haven't uh... done
anything about
foreign film today having gotten uh... you've been very
been a mainstream here today i don't know if it's incomplete disarray good
that's what we like it this is a great time for american films the summer boom
is about the stars in the end we're gonna get all those uh... teenage summer uh...
frankie avalan and all of the people are on the apple on a coming back that's
gonna be marvelous there's a superman for that'll be stupid but uh... there's a
new james bond that might be interesting
uh... there's all kinds of stuff coming in touchables have already seen
it's good
so solid you know enjoyable movie
that you're uh... the new james bond is going to be done deliwis
okay let's do our last break and we'll come back with the bill cost for
to your calls
i think i'm gonna
seventy four two at w i n z interesting maybe just a coincidence you've had
several calls from people in phone booths today like this next call or hello
all mail
hi good
great show and i hope you have built back again soon
uh... i was just trying to get your opinion on a particular video movie that
most people never even heard of
and that was called the front
the front very interesting one of his few
i mean it had to humor its moments but essentially it's a drama yeah and uh...
it was a uh...
actually quite a good film about a period of time to make most people forgotten
how they would blacklisting and all the rest
i like to do great deal
uh... unfortunately it was off the would yell and track
uh... as was interiors
uh...
with the result that many people you write don't think of it when they think of
what you know
you know what you have to end up in the first of a lot of his in zero must tell
everything everybody else and you know and a number of people who were victim of
the uh... the car
right on the screen black must black must black must that i don't know the deal
yeah i did see it and i would agree with it was a nice probably the only
would yell and movie i've relied on it i thought it was great
that i have some good meat on it
yeah
okay thank you and great show thank you candle hello
yes hello i like it if you could feel coffee please
speaking
yes um... first of all i appreciated your piece uh... about uh...
colorization
and while in the subject of colorization
i want to talk about decolorization of the
yet not one movies
i want black better and i'm concerned about the absence of the
of the role that the the infantry black and shaman played in the at-known
and i can't find it not even and and
couple of a book of the now i couldn't see it i didn't see it in in the at-known
or in any of the war movies especially to tune and and and it's
seemed like the black uh... race has been denigrated uh... when the black race was
all elevated on the front line
uh... at least twenty percent of the combatants were black
but i'm using it to a lot forty percent of the percentage range to great deal
higher yeah um...
unfortunately uh... the way uh...
uh... movie making structure today there are very few black directors and
there is none i can think of who can summon
the kind of budget required to make a war movie on any sort of scale you're
talking uh... platoon i cost only nine million dollars
uh... and there were many economies there but that's that's not a big budget by
Hollywood standards but it's big by the standards of a director who is doesn't
have a proven track record
it's difficult
to find a black director director who can get that kind of money hence you're
getting a perspective
of white man who may or not have served uh...
and stone all of a stone who made platoon
uh... i'm sure he knows what it was like but that's
you know his film is shaped in large part by his recollections which which is
not quite the point he was in the twenty-fifth infotivant at infotivant
vision i was a fact that
unit in seventy one
and and you know there was even uh... a black mutiny in that in that outfit and
and it it was a press in the media and and i thought maybe he would have bought
some of that out you know there was a black white confrontation and not only
in the rare ashland uh... but also the front line it is uh... one of the Vietnam
stories it's never been told uh... i'm not necessarily going to fault
uh... stone for not telling it because that's not you know he was essentially
wanted to tell the story of his experience i think and uh... but
you're right it in it's not it's not some small corner of it is a principal part
of that experience particularly what was getting going on back here in the state
the civil rights movement was still uh... you know a very vital thing
i am sure that sooner or later someone will deal with that subject Vietnam
there's no open season i'm coming to
i want to write a screenplay about my experiences and i'm telling like it is
how feasible is it to get
uh... hearing in hollywood i mean you know i'm way in my abbey for a
a lot of experience in the film but i'm sure i can do a credible job
uh... doing a movie on on the black roller Vietnam
well how feasible is it to approach hollywood directly over the transom uh... it's
feasible but it's extremely difficult uh... the problem is you will write a script
that uh... you know maybe uh... it may be perfectly wonderful but the moment you
are peddling a script you're no longer a black man with a good story you're
simply one of many people with the script there's a lot of people out there
peddling them
there is there are some options you might consider locally however if you write
the script and you have any confidence in it at all you could enter it in this
flower to governor screenwriting contest because although that's no guarantee
of anything it suddenly calls the script of the attention of people who can get
the made i know some people who did this they won the contest
the script is in the hand of hands of producers now they're a lot of you with
the hero can you get more information sure you will excellent okay we're at the
end of the line by this thing zip by the day can't believe it
you know a public service and do two more hours but we won't do that i should have
come earlier excellent show we thank you was always your gentleman a scholar
even if you do work for the herald and i do work for the herald and we as a didn't
have any smooth stuff today was incredible we've really i told you we would
reform you sooner or later we brought you back into the real world with real
living people i am reformed i told you i renounced uh... suit is in the west
excellent and a maro he's canceling his subscription to the herald incredible
okay that's good to do it we think bill cost for it for being with us tomorrow we
have uh... let's see congressman larry smith will be with us for half an hour
eleven o'clock
and the right now we invite you to stay tuned daffy mccalam is going to be
along the history of white people in south
