Rogers W1, the Miami 33055 and we'll see that you get yours.
Okay, we have two open lines in date again, man.
The rush is on at Bayside 6249400.
I'm going to tell you something.
We probably ought to have about seven Howard lines, you know?
It's going to be as the months go on.
It's going to be a lot of diminishing return in date.
There are very, very few people who speak into English in Dave County.
Coral Gables, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Here's one of them, yes.
Say it, you know all the line that we're listening to, uh, this, what you think,
power, a friend of mine called me and said that he's just tuning in on power,
he said he's defending Walton.
Oh, no.
I call, no.
He, well, I call up and I had two or three calls.
He was arguing with callers who were anti-Wallton.
So I called him up and I said, say, Mr., uh, Mr. Fowler,
you say there is no evidence against, uh, against Walton.
I said, are you aware of the fact that the, the files in the government in Washington
show that he signed the instructions to expel 50,000 Greeks and Greek Jews to wash
with.
So he guessed James.
Yeah.
He said, I'd like to see that signature to see it, but, uh, come on.
No evidence against the middle of the deal.
Don't get me wrong, Mr. Fowler.
I'm not discussing the Pope's business or anything like that.
It's just, you just, you claim there's no evidence against him.
Yeah.
And, and, and you're disputing.
Don't, don't you understand?
Wait a minute, sir.
Sir, hello.
Hello.
Listen, I want to tell you something.
Yeah.
Fowler never met a fascist he didn't like, okay?
I gotta say one more thing, yeah.
There with me.
In fact, if you hold on one second, we have a little bit of Lee's comments that one of
our spies taped today.
I'm quite.
Yeah.
How many kostedays?
Say in Mark.
Have you nothing else?
From the Selben sort.
Those were some of Lee's comments today, sir.
Well, I'll finish it by saying what I composed with.
I said, Mr. Fowler, I said, are you sure you don't have a little strain of anti-Semitism?
Oh, a little strain.
Yeah.
He is serious.
He really idiot me.
I'm not fond of him.
Yeah.
Let me tell you something.
If you look up anti-Semitism in the dictionary, you'll see Lee's picture next to it.
I know.
And I'm not apologizing for that one because I've heard all of his comments over the last two
or three years he's been in this market.
He is unbelievable.
Yeah.
I don't doubt it.
When are you going to vacation?
The end of the week.
We'll miss you.
Okay.
I'll think of you.
Okay.
20 minutes before 1 at WI and Z.
Stan Majors in the building.
Stan's going to be here to set the record straight.
He's going to be attacking Ernie Sochin and that group of 90-year-old geriatric misfits
who Ernie has developed over the last several months.
A spy in Boka.
Okay.
Should we take Tamarack first or Boka?
Yeah.
Well, let's take Boka first.
Tello.
Yeah, don't take Tamarack at all.
Okay.
I got the latest scoop I listened to the WI and Z1230 update.
The upshot update.
Here's the latest news.
Rick Weaver has kidnapped Sandy Pate.
He's demanding a starting fallback in a bar of coast for her safety leaks.
That's often this wins by.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
No problem.
I'll keep you updated.
Okay.
Oh, boy.
There's a stranger Roma coming from the 79th Street Causeway and it's not from Benihana either.
I'll tell you that.
Unbelievable.
Okay.
We have an open line.
Indeed.
Of course.
6249400.
See, one thing about Fowler.
You know, and I don't think I think he means it.
I don't think he's doing it out of desperate.
All the way is desperate from these numbers.
But I think he really means it because he's such a douchebag.
He's always defending these criminals of one kind or another like this guy.
I never can think of this guy's name because he's such a repulsive subhuman individual that they let out a jail in California
who raped the girl, the 14 year old girl and cut off her arms and left her to die.
And he's always defending this guy.
He did like a week's worth of shows on that before he went away on vacation.
Now he comes back and he's defending the Pope's meeting with Kurt Waldheim.
Of course, we know that Lee is a practicing Catholic and we do mean practicing.
And that, you know, he runs to church every Sunday.
If that's going to, you know, they're going to forgive him for the sins that he's doing on that station.
Even the Pope himself couldn't give you special dispensation Lee for what you've done to that radio station.
Okay.
Even the Holy Father can't forgive you for that.
So does it come as any surprise that he would defend, you know, anything that the Pope does?
Okay. We have an open line in date. I think I said that 6249400.
The island queen is desperate to hear anything but Glenn's voice.
If it's Glenn's voice, no chance. No way. No way. Jose.
Okay. Stan Major is in the building. Now he's going to decide which mic boom he's going to be using it to.
And these ratings are so astronomical now that I just, I don't even know where to begin.
Stan takes a lot of credit for the afternoons, of course, because the gossip.
Now it's true that the gossip was out on the street that he was coming here and there can be no question that they've got a gigantic tune in audience, especially in the Haitian community.
And all of those people, of course, have diaries if they could fill them out.
Can you imagine the number we could add? Now that's only a joke.
So are there going to be sensitive about that?
Huh? No. They accept if they're filled out in Creole. That's okay.
But here we're sitting here. We only had a 9-7 share in May in midday.
And I don't know what we're going to do about that. And Alice, man, you've got some stiff competition in the afternoon. Stan.
I mean stiff. And if Alice drops the dating show, what are they going to do then? They're really going to be floundering and desperate.
You heard about Sandy?
Boy, what's going on in this market, boys and girls? It's just more than we can handle.
It's more than they can handle. That's obvious.
Joe? Oh, yeah. Joe Johnson is doing a big job.
As a matter of fact, those of you who want to pick on Glenn and his in-cipit behavior and idiotic tackle,
how about our good friend, Joe Johnson? Now, see, Joe's okay if you put him in a recording studio all by himself
for about a half an hour and let him put together something clever.
Fine, but put him on a year live and it's a disaster. It's the end of the world.
That's a new format, EOW, end of the world. Speaking of the end of the world, the FM numbers are out.
Okay. You'll sound good on FM. I'm telling you. You won't have to worry about a mic boom.
Congratulations. They have incredible equipment up there. You've seen it.
And they have that voice synthesizer. We could make Glenn sound good on the FM. He could sound like Lee Gillette.
Why aren't you using your new boom?
Now, I like the old boom. They asked me this morning when I came in.
The first thing I saw when I heard the work this morning was Rick Edwards walking into the building.
And I sat there pondering whether I should go home or come in. What do you mean you ordered it for me?
It's exactly the same microphone now. See, we changed the microphone.
But it said big-grow-task boom. Yeah, but that's what it's there for.
What? Because it's away from the cart rack and you can move it around when you get your carts and stuff like that.
See? I mean, that whole thing is for you.
Yeah, I'm sure you're ignoring it.
It used to, too, for stereo.
Could we put them on together?
Well, no, it's not plugged in.
Why don't you plug it in over here on number one?
And you're also going to have to look at this.
Everything was just fine.
See, this is practicing for FM.
Now, wait a minute. Don't pull a mic away. You douchebag. What a maniac he is.
I had it all set. The man just is here. I think it's sabotage.
I think Tom Lyck is just paying him off to come back and mess up my show.
Okay, now do we have both mics open? How does it sound?
Does it sound like FM yet?
Yes, you're an AFF-F-A-S-O-L-E.
And don't you try to play this on me.
You deserve all the credit.
You're an asshole tonight.
You were an asshole yesterday.
You're an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole the rest of your life.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
And I was talking to your mother just the other night.
I told her I thought you were an asshole.
She said yes. I think you're right.
And all your friends are asshole.
Because you know that you're whole life.
Somebody told me you've got an asshole for a life.
Were you born an asshole or did you work it your whole life?
Either way, if we're not fine.
Because you're an ass.
Hold tonight.
Okay, that's number one half.
I don't know which one of these to talk into now.
They both on.
Is this one on two?
Stereo AM.
They don't both sound the same either.
You can tell it.
This one's a little tinier, right?
And this one is like a ballsy mic.
I feel like lead Gillette.
85 in a row.
Okay, it's 11 before 1 at W.I.N.Z.
Tweety Bird is locked up in the corner now.
We've got him right where we want him.
Just like the Celtics fan said the day he called in after the Lakers took a three to one lead in the series.
We got him right where we want him now.
And we'll come back right after this.
Okay, I want to thank the young lady who called in to tell me what this thing was.
This timer that I've got that looks like a lava light.
Because otherwise I'd be going nuts trying to figure out what it is.
It's great.
And I also want to thank the gentleman who sent it.
This is the guy who came by the day we did the show on the front lawn.
It had all those needles and all the drugs and was shooting up with everybody on the front lawn.
That's the guy he sent this by.
Okay, where we going next?
Tamarack. Hello.
Hello. How are you doing?
I have some very interesting news today.
I was down at the Sunshine Plaza and low-end Nicole.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
In Sunshine Plaza?
Yes.
Sunshine Plaza.
What the hell is that?
Well, it's a place for where public is and a lot of other shops are on the corner 441 and Oakland.
Oh yeah, okay.
And I was mostly gone down there and normally one of these papers, you know, they give away papers.
And yes, but paper they were giving away.
The Harold.
Hey!
Great.
Right. And I think I will go there every day, perhaps, and get a free Harold.
Anyway, that's very interesting.
But what's even more interesting is you've got the news on holiday.
It's a police right now.
It's fighting elderly people for a free J-walking.
By the dozen, yeah.
Yes. And two or three were killed or something like that.
Like about a half a dozen since the beginning of the year.
Yes. Well, maybe they want to meet the Mucka Mama's real quick.
Evidently, it's the Kamikaze Crossing, sir.
It is. Do you, I personally...
They have a new slogan at the Harold. We can't give it away.
I was wondering, is this really a gag or a loss of their business?
No, they lost a lot of business. They're desperate.
Their circulation was way down to begin with.
And since we've been doing our just say no to the Harold campaign, we have really heard them badly.
Oh, that's...
What's the latest news about Sandy?
You haven't heard? What do you mean the latest news?
The only news I ever heard was that she's going to be bumped.
And she's going to be going where at least place is possible.
What do you mean she's going to be bumped? She's gone.
Today?
Oh, you're so far behind. Where have you been hiding all day in a cocoon?
Are you going to get the latest news last week?
Okay, tell me.
Okay, here it is. This morning from one of our spies, we got a little bit late about 10.30.
Yeah.
But it turns out that Doug Young, who is the producer, in other words, he books the guest.
He's not a talk host, he's not an on-the-year person.
Right.
He's doing her show today because Sandy, you know, they've been jerking her around
or really giving her a rough time. Right.
And so she evidently must have got another job somewhere because she told them that she wants to be released from her contract.
Yeah.
She had a year and a half to go into contract.
And evidently, the response was...
Astaluevo.
So she's gone.
She has gone.
And Mike Miller, of course, is finishing out his last week and a half.
So they're like...
to say, floundering would be a compliment.
Yes, but their golden star is going to be arising in July.
Who's that?
Don't you know?
No, we don't say his name.
I know, the great man.
He may not come back from one of those restaurants in Italy.
He means on vacation?
Oh, yeah, he's been over in Italy.
I got a card of naked statues from him.
Every time he goes over there, he sends me a postcard of naked statues.
Oh, well, who's going to be filling in for his beyond his time?
They got the team two and four.
Where are they going to throw in in the morning?
You're asking me?
Let me leave.
Follow her.
Might move over.
Do you need a job?
Oh, I gladly volunteer for that kind of...
Well, okay, I'm going to start a rumor.
This is totally unsubstantiated.
But since there's so many rumors flying, I heard, through the grape mind,
I just made it up.
The new midday host and WIOD, Harvey from Kendall.
Well, let's put it this way.
You can hire him for $2,000 a year.
Yeah, sounds good to me.
That sounds good to everything.
But isn't she going to be moving over to...
I would think so, yeah.
Well, maybe they can hire Ron Sachs.
Are you going to be going?
Well, if they hire Sandy, wouldn't you think that...
I mean, who the hell knows?
You know, they all keep changing and changing and changing.
And it's enough to make it dizzy.
You just can't keep track of what's going on in this town.
Well, maybe the good news might be that maybe there might be some way
that a lot of the contrast support.
Maybe they might want to buy WS News and make it a Spanish station again.
Sounds good to me.
And then there will only be Sandy Payton and then there will be WNWS and WINZ.
And basically that's it.
Okay.
Okay, that's terrible news.
Bye-bye.
Buenos dias.
Daniel, hello.
Hi, Neil.
First of all, I am not a new listener.
I have been following you all over the doll for years.
And, surprise you haven't noticed by now.
Yeah, I can tell.
No, really.
I see your trail everywhere I go.
Yeah, you probably can't.
But I'd like to tell you two things.
First of all, I can't tell the herald years ago
and it took me about six months to get them to stop delivering it.
I finally had to go down to the office.
Yeah, they're like the Sun Sentinel in reverse.
The Sun Sentinel takes six months to start showing up with a paper.
The herald you cancel it and for six months they insist on delivering it.
Absolutely.
I couldn't turn them off.
They just kept bringing it every day, every day.
It was ridiculous.
Yeah.
But the second thing I wanted to tell you is we had something happen to us.
My family and I in a restaurant last week that brought you to mind.
It was unbelievable in a restaurant in Emerald Hills in New Delhi that opened up in Emerald Hills.
Yeah.
We went in just for dinner.
We didn't know anything about in the early bird or anything.
We just went in for dinner.
The only thing we discovered about the early bird was they had it listed on the menu.
So we sat there, we ordered sandwiches and other things.
Well, wait a minute.
Is that the early bird chirping in the background?
Probably is.
I have a lot of early birds here.
But we're sitting there eating our dinner about seven o'clock and just didn't really eat it.
I can normally wouldn't.
All of a sudden over a loud speaker there was just enormous chicken-clocking noise.
And they announced the early bird is over at the early bird.
Yeah.
And we looked at each other and we said new Rogers.
He said, no, that's okay.
God.
It was either the end of the early bird at the beginning of the Santa Rhea ritual, one or the other.
It scared us.
Yeah.
And it was loud.
People jumped.
Unbelievable.
Let me tell you.
Anyway, if you ever want to go there, it's the hill's deli in Emerald Hills.
And it's a lot of fun.
It's seven o'clock in the evening.
Okay.
Okay.
Bye.
I'll see you there.
Okay.
Don't write that down because I didn't give them a plug.
Okay.
We have one open line in Broward, 5249400.
Oh, we had another elderly fatality this weekend in Helen Dale Beach Boulevard.
We just had that from our J-walking patrol.
And we had another tragedy in Helen Dale as the kamikaze crossing continues as popular as ever.
Okay.
We're going to come back for one more hour after Michael Wolf brings us those award-winning
headlines, CBS with the news at the top of the hour.
And don't forget to like to participate on today's program.
You can call Neil on 6249400 in date or 5249400 in Broward.
And now here again, Neil Rogers.
Hey, baby.
I'm feeling kind of hungry.
The news has never seen.
I think you'll enjoy it.
Excellent.
I'll look for it.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks.
109 at Wins.
Let's take a collect call from Stan Major's favorite resort from the Bahamas.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello, this is Mike, second time, Carla.
How are you?
How are you?
Good.
I just wanted to, when you go on vacation next to you, coming to the Bahamas?
Yeah, I'm coming to a NASA as a matter of fact to gamble my brains out.
What about freeport?
Then I'm coming to freeport with all my winnings.
Hey, Neil, one day I was listening to you, right?
And you were ripping this guy name, Sai Huis.
I'd like to know who he is.
Sai Huis?
No, Sai Huis.
Oh, yeah.
He's an insurance salesman in Broward, who doesn't like me, but can't turn off the show.
Yeah, I noticed that because this day you was calling him a misfit, a subhuman fart.
No, I didn't say that.
You said it.
I might have said a subhuman misfit.
What about a moron and a jerk?
No, I didn't say that.
Neil, I have to take that right here.
Okay.
What up, I had a couple of things to ask you.
How do you think he felt if he was listening to his family?
They probably felt natural.
Huh?
Well, if he'd stopped calling us and bugging us and stopped whining in Kyle's ear, we wouldn't talk about it.
I mean, you can only judge people by the way they behave.
And he behaves like a moron and a jerk.
Well, I didn't look curious because this day I was listening.
I said, a man of God...
I'm really amazed that you would bring him up.
He's so obscure and he hasn't called us in a long time.
I think he has.
Oh, no, he hasn't.
Cosity hasn't called.
So let's sleepin' dogs lie.
As they say in Hylia.
Yeah, when we go down to the Sanitor, we'll all play tennis.
And we always listen to you down there.
Excellent.
Well, we're big in the Bahamas.
They love Stan Major down there too.
No, we like you better.
I would hope so.
I don't know.
Something wrong with him.
I know it.
Well, he just has bad taste.
You got to understand if Stan knocks you, that's like a boost.
Uh-huh.
Because Stan likes Don Johnson and Madonna
and these horrible live performance records.
Stan has just got bad taste.
So Stan says that the Bahamas is bad.
You're probably getting whole big influx of business.
What's wrong with Madonna?
What's wrong with her?
She just looks like hell, that's all.
She's a slob.
Am I wrong?
She's a tramp.
Hi, Neil.
Is this Madonna?
Go.
Okay, it sounds a little bit like her.
This isn't a cold.
How are you doing, Nicole?
Fine.
How are you?
Good.
How are you doing?
What's happening down there?
You're making a lot of money from all those suckered tourists?
Oh, Bill?
Yes.
I deal with the morons.
What?
I deal with the morons.
Oh, boy.
Well, good luck to you.
I mean, they do have early bird specials down here.
You should see them caving in on that.
Good. Well, we got a whole bunch of people from Hellendale.
We're going to send down to see you.
We get a lot of them from Miami, from Florida, and Hollendale.
Yeah.
I work in a hotel, and I have to deal with them.
They always ask me where's the early bird.
Oh, boy.
Those are from Florida.
Yeah.
They own the road.
Don't you understand that?
They own the world.
Yeah, they like...
The whole world is just a big early bird special.
Uh-huh.
They like to run these mopedads,
and they don't know how to ride them.
You have a few of them laying up in the hospital right now.
I would think so, yeah.
Well, that's a good idea.
We might be sent some mopedads over to Hellendale,
that you may have had the suggestion for our problem.
Yeah.
I can just see all the eight Ks in Hellendale
riding their mopedads across Hellendale Beach Boulevard.
That makes them a much easier target.
Okay, well, listen.
It's good hearing from you.
Okay.
And I hope you make a lot of money off all those suckers today.
Oh, they're not suckers.
Okay.
Have a good time.
Whatever you say.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
113 at WINC.
Here is speaking of Hellendale, a young man trapped in the city of choice.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
You're right, you know.
I guess people like me just learn to avoid, you know, avoid the city,
and you know, kind of get away, go to Palm Beach or Miami or whatever.
What do they do?
Lock you up in a cage when you're in Hellendale?
I kind of lock myself up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Good thing.
And get out to the buttons out once in a while.
Mm-hmm.
But what I call to ask you about is totally different from the subject here.
I want to know what you think of Pat Boone taking Jim Baker's place for the PTO.
Oh, I think it would be great.
I think when we release 8 million of those pictures with the Boone in the box,
I think it could be one of the great scandals in the history of America.
I mean, I can't believe what I'm seeing on TV here.
Yeah.
You know, Jim Baker's scandal.
And then I saw the Pat Boone picture like two years ago, even before you came out of it.
And I'm watching.
I'm saying, Pat Boone replacing Jim Baker.
Oh, I'm sure my God, what's happening to, you know, evangelistic TV.
Do you get my point?
Yeah, I get your point.
It's getting smaller by the minute.
Yeah.
But anyway, I was wondering about that.
I think what they need to do is hire John Holmes to be on the PTO.
Well, that's probably the next step, I guess, right?
Going from one extreme to another.
Oh, you know what Jerry, you know what Jerry Falwell said?
He said that the donations were down to peanuts.
So that's probably why they're thinking of Pat Boone.
It was probably a subliminal suggestion.
I can't, you're too much, Neil.
You really are.
You're great.
I love you.
That's what Pat Boone said, too.
Well, sorry, I don't have any scar boxes around.
So, you know, I can't help you out.
Hey, that's a good suggestion, by the way.
Maybe we can send Jim Baker a cigar box, and we can have a Jim in the box.
That would be great.
Maybe that's the way Jim's going to get his ministry back.
He and Pat are going to have a Boone off on TV.
Okay, well, listen, hang in there.
Okay, babe.
Stay tuned for the latest.
Okay.
Okay, another call from the city of choice.
Two in a row.
This must be Sonny Rosenberg.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes.
Hi, Neil.
Yes.
Listen, I think I have a problem to your early bird special in the city of Hallendale.
Okay.
Well, I've been hearing that you've been coming down hard on Sunday day all morning long.
Not me.
Huh?
Not me.
I love it.
Oh, I know.
So do I.
Only one that you use Pat.
You know, they're going to get mad at you, and what they're going to do is they're going to sacrifice a lot of chickens.
Okay.
And that means you're not going to be any more early bird specials.
Yeah, it's a good point.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
Well, just, you know, are you going to just a thought?
I know, just a thought.
I know it is.
It's a thought.
Okay.
Maybe we can promote Santarilla and Hallendale.
Yeah.
How about that?
We can put the early bird right out of business.
That's right.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Thank you.
We have a real creative audience.
Okay.
116 at W.I. and Z.
We have an open line in each county.
We're running out of time here today.
The show is just moving like lightning.
As Sid Levin would say, in Dade County, 624, 9400, and in Broward, 524, 9400.
If anybody has a job from Mike Miller or Sandy, we certainly invite them to call in.
Let's go to Miami Beach.
Hello.
How do you?
Good.
Listen, Neil.
Do you think Mike, Anthony, would have the nerve to put that unprepared national requirement out?
I think it's a great opportunity to admit it on between 10 and 2 in the morning.
I sure hope so.
I mean, your room in the middle hasn't come up with that yet, have you?
Yeah.
Oh, we've had every rumor under the sun.
Yeah, the rumor is that he had to do 10.
I thought I'd have to say that when he come true.
Yeah, I would too.
Because you would vanquish him.
I would think so.
Now listen, I have another grudge.
Unless there's a run on the Michael DeSisto school.
Oh, yeah.
That's another very big item with him.
If Michael DeSisto doesn't come on the program, he has no program.
Or professional wrestlers, one or the other.
Oh, please.
Anyway, I have a gripe to pick with you.
When is that article coming out and people magazine?
Well, evidently, it's not.
Don't pick it with me.
Pick it with them, as Mike Rineri would say.
Pick it with them.
Huh?
They dumped it.
They did.
Yeah, for some stupid.
Up for your time.
For some stupid thing like, you know, Gary Hart and Donna Rice or some little thing like that.
I guess they dumped us.
Oh, see, I'm sorry to hear that.
I was looking forward to reading.
Well, what can I tell you?
Okay, you take it easy, Kate.
And if your room will come to us with that suggestion, I'd be quiet to hear about it.
I can't wait.
See you later.
Right.
Okay, 118 at WINZ.
We have an open line in date 6249400.
6249400.
Let's take our first break of this last hour.
And then we'll come right back.
121 at Winds.
Our next call from Lauderdale Lake.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
Oh, no.
I hear you talking about Madonna and the, I want to see if you could help us settle on arguing around here.
The hair under your arms, right?
Yeah.
Rotesque.
Well, as far as I was going to ask you about, to me, I used to feel the same way.
But now it's like neither here nor there.
Don't you think it's neither here nor there.
It's all over the place.
Well, we're conditioned on that though, right?
I mean, we are.
150 years ago women didn't shave, and I didn't think they were still long.
Yeah, well, she would have been great 150, no, maybe like 500 years ago.
But you think it's just ugly in itself or...
Well, to each his own, I mean, if there are people like body here, you know, she's got to be the cat's meow.
Oh, this is the argument.
I'm saying that, you know, it's not just a naturally ugly thing.
Otherwise, the...
Oh, come on.
...to be bald like that or something, you know.
We would why?
Women would have evolved with her not under their arms, you know.
But the...
The... you know, the culture started at the very same age.
Yeah, but wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Human beings are evolving into having a lot less hair.
You do realize that, don't you?
Yeah.
I hope.
Yeah.
But while I come in, aren't evolving ones less hair than...
They are.
Are they are?
Huh?
Are they really ours?
No, on their bodies.
I mean, it all depends, you know, depending upon the gender, it depends on how much you've got.
But she evidently is very butch, I don't know.
Okay, one out of a little question.
I mean, probably the way to find out if you run into a female truck driver, you know,
see, check out her armpits.
And if she's got a lot of hair, you'll find out maybe you're right.
Well, it's not necessarily a turn-on, but I don't, you know, it's not such a big turn-on.
Well, first of all, even if you wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Let's slow down.
Slow down a minute.
If you took all the hair off of her body everywhere.
Yeah.
Okay, for the sake of argument.
Just look at her face.
Look at her from the neck up.
She's a slut.
She's ugly.
Oh, well, I guess it's...
Oh, come on.
Let's be honest.
She's ugly.
Well, she's not beautiful like Grace Kelly, but she's...
She's not beautiful like, like, uh, like any of her, like Dr. Ruth.
She's gross.
I don't know.
No, you got to understand what the gender...
I'm glad to be objective.
...with today's generation decadence is in.
That's what it's all about.
So the more grotesque you look, the more they like it.
It's, you know, it's their idea of, like, the 60s, of rebellion, counterculture.
This is their idea of looking gross.
I saw a couple of young girls who could have been attractive, by the way,
in the Broward Mall the other day.
And they had, you know, the Mohawk and the whole business in this grotesque, the punk, a horrible look.
And they looked like something from out of a freak show, and they think that's great.
Yeah, I've seen that.
Oh, forget it.
Well, anyway, can I ask you a quickie here?
Who is that person that I can't remember his name right now, but you did just a short impersonation of his...
It sounded kind of like Bruce Williams at first, but it's one of the people who worked there, I think.
Anyway, it's hilarious. I wish you'd do more of it.
I don't know who you're talking about.
He kind of talks like, yeah, well...
Oh, Jerry Wittner, he doesn't work here.
Jerry Wittner, yeah.
Now, he works at W's snooze.
Okay, I wish you'd expand about that when that's hilarious.
Okay. Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah, Jerry is going to go into the Butchering business when he gets off the air.
He's already Butchering the English language, but boy, things are not good in his numbers.
I'll tell you that.
Talknet destroyed him in the month of May.
I mean, just put him to sleep.
Destroyed.
I mean, they're doing average quarter hours of about 41,000, and he's doing 12,000.
Come on, Jerry gets serious.
Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
It's the Donna Rice's picture in the paper today.
No, I sure didn't.
What did I miss, sir?
Oh, it's in the Miami news.
And she's at the Grand Prix in Palm Beach with Bruce Jenner.
Oh, boy.
What an exciting team they make.
Yeah, but it says they're conversing while watching the Grand Prix.
What were they doing eating wheaties together?
He's probably checking his Grand Prix.
Yeah.
Well, she's big on those.
So to speak.
I agree with you about Bayside.
You want anything to fill in Miami or anything to fill?
Just bring it to Miami.
Absolutely.
Wait till we have the Miami Heat.
I mean, I'm going to tell you something on a scale of zero.
Their chances are minus infinity.
They might as well turn that arena into a warehouse.
Exactly.
Forget it.
Or something that sounds like warehouse.
All right.
Okay.
All right.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
Good luck.
I'll see you.
Okay.
Don't forget to click on that button to get some information
that's up to you.
I'm out of my mind.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
I got an idea. These are very directional mics. Here's a good idea. Now seriously, let's do this kind of like step by step.
It's like a little tease. You know how when they do the news, they like to tease the big stories of the day.
They tease the audience. Oh first before we do that, let's take this collect call from Nassau because we're paying a fortune for it. Hello.
Hello. Hi.
Hello. Hello. Are you in Nassau? Yeah, I'm the first time. Call them. Great. How you doing? All right.
What's up? Good.
Well, it sounds like the beginning of an exciting call. I just call to tell you that I listen to your show.
Every day, me and my dad, we sit down. We listen to your show every day. Fantastic. Well, we love you Bahamas people. Man, it's great.
Yeah, it's really hot down here. It's hot? Yeah. How does hell I bet? Yeah, I know.
So how's business? This is all right. We own liquor store. Oh, I bet you do. I bet you do a big business. Huh?
Yeah. I bet after all those Americans come down there and plunge their brains out in Paradise Island in the casino. They come over and get smashed out of their mind. Right?
Yeah. Well, now, um, where are some of the times coming? We've gotten even more customers than last year. Really? Well, those are probably all the people who left the base side.
They're on a way to the Bahamas now. We got like about 4,000 customers last year. And this is like about 6,000 because we keep a record of everything. Holy moly.
As they say in higher, Leah.
Well, that's great. I'm glad that business is booming and we're going to be down to see you. What's the name of your store?
Um, no, we better not do it. Huh? No, we're not. Okay. Well, whatever, you know, whatever works for you. Okay. Okay. Good luck to you. All right. Bye. Bye.
Well, we're big down there at the Bahamas. Now what I was starting to say only moments ago. The only reason I took the call and said collect on the screen and we're very cheap outfit. We're not going to, you know, sitting here with an 85 share, but, uh, we have an open line in each county. If you'd like to join us, ladies and gentlemen in date, county, 624 9400 and inbroward 524 9400. Let's keep them filled for stand.
In fact, if you want to talk to Stan, you can call it now. We'll put you on hold. And then Kyle will clear the board at 2 o'clock. I had an idea. Turn on his mic for a minute. No, no, we're not going to turn it around.
Okay. Because these are very directional mics. Is it on? It's on. And it's useless because they can't hear you. It's face the other way.
Don't touch it under penalty of debt under penalty of cackle removal. Now you might tap on it a little bit. Yeah, that's good. That's as close as close to hearing Glenn today as you're going to get.
Oh, you're this is boyfriend. What's the matter? He wants to bribe us. What are you going to give us to put Glenn on the air? What's what's the deal?
What? Come on. What is it?
Well, I'd like to give you a near Rogers voodoo doll from his Santa. We are priest if we'll put you on the air. Now that's not good enough.
How about if you bring us alive Jason get Rick doll. Would that be okay? Front page of the Miami and the hero.
Yeah, and he made the front page of Santa. Richie. He did. All right. So come on down. Stand next week on Friday evening. We're having a little ritual down on Oktober.
I'm sure we invited. He'll be there. And by the way, send us a couple of clippings of your hair and two people with your fingernails in an envelope. Okay. Okay.
I'll tell you later. 24 before two at W. Y. and see Mr. Cackel over here just starting to lose it. He's starting to absolutely fall apart at the seams. He is. He's losing it because we've kept him off mic for four almost four hours today.
Let's see a show on the phone of all the people who are delighted that we kept the cackel box. Well, hey, listen, that's not picking. They're already all lit.
Now there's one in Broward. It's not lit. Come on. Let's see from all those people who really are tickled at death that the s's lit already immediately an immediate show of strength from the Broward audience boy.
They are thankful. They're grateful. They're going to be sending us gifts. Franken's in murder just for keeping you off the air for one day. It's like we've given them a bonus. Sweet water. Hello.
I'm sorry. I had you on speaker phone. Okay, you say what, sir? I just call. I never listened to you show this the first time and I really enjoyed it. Are you serious? Where have you been? I guess where? W I would. Oh my God. Another sandy. You must be in the hysterics. Well, not exactly. No. It's not getting a little tired of lately anyway, because just like a lot of people say, the switch, switch, switch. You never know when you turn the radio on. Exactly. Exactly. You have to have a big score card in the
gigantic rubber eraser with the I.O.D. lineup and it was getting to be a pain in the neck. It almost seemed like Chuck Tanner is the manager over there at I.O.D. But I just call say I like your format. I like the way you're on your show. Very similar to Bill callers. Exactly. And I like him. I can't stay up late. I listen to him anymore. So I'm going to start listening to your show. Well, I'll tell him that you said so. Okay, okay. Thanks a lot. You hear that bill. There's somebody out there who likes you. Caller doesn't carry. He had a big day at the track yesterday. By the way, sir. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm
So I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. But I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. So I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So that's an torture point because I seen what I was talking about right now. Yeah. So I say it's yeah. Well, you get nervous. So I ask. I'm crying. I can feel no pain when I see that you don't even want to go out without a verse or take a walk. Uh, okay. Okay. Okay.隊. Let me do it. Do you have any pain? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, the un notification will occurs to Smirot. Okay. Okay. Let me do it again. Okay? Okay. Okay. Okay. Good. Okay. Let me follow it. Okay. Okay. Oh, okay. Within. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hope. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Uh, I say you've had a very one thing like the Gad
what is this briefly jazz you made a commitment last week you haven't been on my
i haven't made any comment that's not true the first day was on almost the
whole show when you are begging with your insecurity
now i just want to know what you have to push in addition to which most of
your callers don't like me anyway i hear all that stuff
oh man how did you have a purse i hear all that's out of it no i don't have a
purse although you know who used to work here does have a little purse
Larry can't has a little purse he does Jerry Williams has one Jerry Williams has a
purse
think Don Johnson has one oh yeah we know Don Johnson's got one you can see it in
that picture oh you mean a purse
that's what we're going to do tomorrow what do you think about guys with earrings
and purses that would be a good show and tattoos
what do you think about women with tattoos and earrings and bones in their
nose you better put the land on shows dying what's wrong with no it only died
since you came in what's wrong with watching what's wrong with watching
baseball mr sports chalk over here oh watching the exciting Atlanta
brave i like the brave's razor good ball club no i don't just like the
almer they sexual thing for deal that's very true there's no question about it i
admit it and if you've got his home number we'll call him right now we'll call him
and Steve iserman we'll get him on together and i can have a little excitement on
the show finally i even like the ugly players on the brave's how's that for being an
equal opportunity fan you don't become a fan of a team because the players are
good looking how could i be a pirate's fan all these years one of the prerequisites
are playing for the pirates you've got to be extra ugly i'm having a tough time
this year though because i'm still a philly's fan oh good luck to you i know i know i know
i love the meds and i watched a lot of the guys why like and i love the cubs are former philly
see the philly's have some good looking players that's why they never do anything you have to
get ugly players that the more guys like mike schmid who are real ugly and at guy in right field with
the glasses
