So sis, would you and Romney last night?
Well, since it was, they're on a birthday.
We thought we'd do it.
Oh, so...
Celebrating birthday today!
It was a birthday party.
It was very Halloween-carous.
This woman is having a Merry Heart attack.
People are buying more twizzlers than let her know.
If she doesn't receive immediate medical attention, she'll go into permanent syndication.
The neck moon, I just see 200ccs of lycane and has days of electrodes attached to my chest.
I don't see.
I'm sure in an recognized, the only warning sign, an uncontrollable crossing and uncrossing of legs.
Excessive perqueness, as an annoying preoccupation with a superficial.
And Rob Lowell's favorite needle is Ringo!
He's Helen.
Call your local Merry Heart Association today.
Because just one Merry Heart is too many.
Okay, I'll buy that.
By the way, Don Stutter has asked me to apologize for yesterday's show.
It's a 10-08 at WINZ.
He didn't really ask me.
I just thought that the very least I could do out of just common decency for the audience would be doing.
I didn't even hear it.
I was at Calder.
I had a great day.
Got in there for the fourth race and there was Charlie Hussie with that first time start.
Is there anybody in the audience who believes that the new numbers work?
They must work because I see their lines flashing already.
You know the only problem is they didn't change the numbers on the instrument.
Why didn't they do that?
By the way, I'm going to read your memo on the year and just a minute.
Mark Griffin, who has already embarrassed himself with that one of those recordings that we played back during the Helen Dale days,
has outdone himself with a memo that is so incredible that it's unbelievable.
It starts out to all personal.
And it gets worse from there.
That's the best part.
That's the most literate part of the memo.
But I'm going to say that for later because we always say the good stuff for last.
It's kind of fascinating.
I'm sitting here and watching there a couple of lines ringing, but the wrong numbers are ringing.
What do you think happened to the old number?
Do you think that there's some little old lady in North Miami Beach who's got the old number?
And some little old schlepper up in Tamarack has got the Broward number.
Wouldn't that be exciting?
I wonder what happens when you dial 624-0191.
I'll let you know in just a second.
It says, I'm sorry, but the station that you're calling is off the ear.
What does that mean?
0191 has been changed.
Always an echo.
624-9400. Excellent.
I wonder if that's the same woman who spilled the tea.
The one who gives you the numbers on the phone.
I mean, that's not done with a machine.
There is an actual woman who records all of those, right?
How the hell does she have time to do that?
It's always the same woman.
If you go to Anchorage, Alaska, the same woman says the number you're calling.
What do they do with her?
They got her locked in a time tunnel somewhere?
Have you ever thought about that?
Do you realize how many new numbers there are in town?
Seriously, stop and think about that.
There are thousands of new numbers probably every week.
And this woman, this overworked, abused woman, probably slave labor.
She's sitting inside a little room somewhere.
You know what she probably is?
I bet anything she's in there with Harper.
She's locked in the same room with Harper.
And they throw like a hamburger under the door every couple of hours.
And they keep the two of them locked in and...
Yeah, this is it.
Now this is the same genius who wrote the memo that I just read on the air, folks.
So figure it out.
We don't want to get the wood upset.
Unless you're 100 years almost all in jail.
If the people there to go drive their stuff they'll fail.
Green ginseng caddies with their dashes too high.
They can't fit a road no matter how they try.
Blue hairs, bold men, old folks.
Early bird special love laid by these.
Near death folks wanting anything messy.
Nailed down the civil war chain up the sweetener with a car.
No command or hit.
Out the door it goes.
Big versus shopping bag.
Friends and lanes at grocery stores were ten things a balloon.
Don't stop the folks in Nellabale with their cars back up full load.
A cushion shove and rabbit check in the re-only way.
A drave moves your mouth.
A trip the last all day.
I'm not shit.
Root folks.
They listen to near Roger's show and wins radio.
The end is all this stupid comments from their mouth flow.
They fit to the town council about this awful mail.
And wonder when he'll rush and says these things about how in there.
I'll tell you one thing.
I won't even get caught there in Highland, there.
Bye now.
Be keep saying it up.
He's going to be cut dead in Carroll City.
I'll tell you that.
Is that embarrassing or what?
Nail Roger.
But she really say on 624.
What is that all about?
She's been standing online in the tea store or what is with that?
I don't understand her at all.
Okay, we have two open lines still in date.
Six, what's serious?
See, I should have known once talk about the governor.
What is with these people anyway?
Did they listen to this show?
They probably want to talk about the governor.
The governor then Lee was doing a poll on the hot clothing, you know, hot stuff.
You know what's urgent for them still.
No, he's just a dime a year.
What do everyone say we did?
They say, Colleen, would you be wanting to come over to my place?
You have to wax my chalene.
Oh, now that I would my cat's lips.
He is, you'll be wet in the green.
I know there's a smart lassie.
He's making sure her lot is wet in thick, silly green prediction.
A blip for a condom.
Don't be wishing on a holly clover.
I'll solve it for the gift of gab.
Especially if you're planning on chiseling some bling stone.
As a wakaria, be doubly your prediction with different condoms.
They're strong enough for a man.
But I like them too.
So take yourself a different condom and your won't be kitchen anything else.
Obviously, if you could not have intercourse with her,
you told me that 15 minutes later you were in the shower saying,
weeping and saying to God, oh God, I've been with a whore.
Okay, 1032 at WNZ.
I'm wondering if we got to continue.
This is kind of fun.
Just going through the whole rack, especially picking out stuff that you have no idea.
Let's see, is there anybody in Broward that wants to hear more of this stuff?
Or they want us to take calls?
Let's see from the Broward people I want to hear hidden stuff from the rack
that we just come across in here.
They're like all IRIS good stuff.
Is there anybody wants to hear it?
All three of them within like three seconds.
That must be I recalling, huh?
Hey, listen, might as well play his material because he never plays it.
I never hear him play all that stuff.
He always just sitting there screaming and yelling and carrying on about injustice and poverty and racism
and all this other stuff that he makes up in his mind, you know?
There's no injustice.
There's no poverty, right?
And there's certainly no racism.
And we know that having listened to taffy for the last eight months.
I wonder what this is.
This one, if you're really good.
This one would be great.
I feel it though, we admit it.
Wait a minute.
I thought that's what we just had on Minotaur.
It sounds like the same one, doesn't it?
Well, wait till he starts playing these cards on here if he ever does.
They're all going to be stuck in the middle.
I haven't been awake in a week.
The bill is still coming in.
I have no money to pay for it.
All right.
He had fell on me, kid.
I don't even know why I'm going to tell that insurance man.
What insurance man?
Well, a couple of weeks ago, I made an application with an insurance salesman for a policy on your life.
A policy on my life?
What for?
Well, you just said so.
You fell for out what for?
Your second is no money coming in.
And it could be worse.
Listen Ralph, a big, very plain.
If you should die today, where would I be?
Where would you be?
Where would you be?
Where would I be?
Well, it's Ralph, I'm only thinking of the future and you know you're not getting any younger.
I am not getting any younger.
I'm not getting any younger.
Don't say it Ralph.
I'm saying it!
Say it when we got married, I was the one that had to get my mother's permission.
Don't get cute with me Ralph, don't get cute with me.
Everybody knows it's a husband duty to provide for his life future.
That's it.
Just kind of like ends in the middle of the sentence there.
Well, what the hell is that?
Holy Toledo, is that today's mail?
Oh, it's not as bad.
It's just the way you're curing it.
You know, he likes to be emotional with all this stuff.
But make it look like there are 50,000 envelopes for the boon in the box.
It's just one more here.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
What is this?
The time was nineteen sixty.
And the place was in the boat news.
The tide was the town.
And over there.
The man.
The boy.
The child.
The soul.
Was me.
I thought it was new to twenty years.
Yeah, that's enough of that.
How long is that?
Oh, that's not a long cart.
That's what I think I'll let that recuse so I don't get all hysterical and emotional.
Okay, so you got some good mail here, huh?
Well, look at that.
Probably ought to bring in John Holden to help us open some of that.
Okay, well, I think we're going to take calls when we come back.
Because the lines have been ringing with a sense of urgency that I've seldom seen.
And even though Kyle's going to be very depressed about it, I think we ought to.
Well, we haven't even given the numbers out and they're going nuts up there today.
Okay, let me give the numbers one more time.
Just in case there's anybody who does want to fund you immediately if not sooner.
Just slam the phone down with incredible urgency.
Okay, so we don't take messages.
We don't have time for messages.
We do have one open line indeed at six to four ninety four hundred.
Six to four ninety four hundred.
Boy, there's some really bizarre mail here today.
Here's one in Japanese.
I treasured your picture like a child with a toy.
Ooh, okay, we can't...
We can't read that one on the air.
Whoa, we got all kinds of good stuff.
Okay, let's start in Miami.
Mr. Boonbox is on here.
Hello.
Morning.
Yes.
Originally I had told the thief anybody had seen the pet boon on the Mari King show.
Here at the end of the bed.
I'm just wondering if I can have my article back.
I knew you'd be getting nervous.
My friend's new that I had sent you know, brought it over to you.
Yeah.
And then they wanted to see it.
And said where is it?
Everybody's got an article to make.
Yeah.
Well, you're not going to get nervous.
We keep it a couple of more days, right?
Not a big deal.
No.
Just so long as you know I'm still alive.
No, don't worry about it.
We're guarding it with our lives.
And as a matter of fact, when we've ordered a hundred copies from Hustler
and when the copies come in, we're going to send you a brand new one.
There's the other one.
I mean, not that it's in bad shape, but we feel that the least we can do is send you a virgin copy.
A rare heck of a guy.
Isn't that something?
That's something.
Thank you, Neil.
Just be a enjoyed a weekend knowing that you're giving a lot of people out there a humongous laugh.
Leave me, I do.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
That's a guy who's supplied the Boon in the Box picture originally.
Boy, this mail today is really exciting.
We got a postcard from Florence, Italy, from Steve Watts' name.
The guy he used to do talk in this town and who's kind of in limbo now.
He always sends me a picture of these statues.
These Italian statues with the penises.
He always, every time he goes to Italy, he's grabbin' it.
Yeah.
In fact, at one statue looks just like Steve.
Now that you mentioned it.
But yeah, he's got that thing.
You know, and he always says, well, this is, you know, just because I know you'd enjoy this humor.
But I've been getting to wonder, you know, after about the 14th statue.
You begin to really wonder.
Now we have a little button here.
That's good.
Good stuff.
Boy, this mail today, it's like something you get out of a junk shop.
Uh-oh.
I thought it was major coming in.
It's worse.
It's worse.
It's Harrison.
What do you want?
Oh, that's good.
World record game fishes.
Yeah, don't let him do my show when I'm on vacation.
Please, he's going to do a game fish.
To do another one of those.
What do they call those tournaments?
Bill first tournaments.
Yeah, I'll be doing that for four hours on this show.
Get him out of here.
Hollywood, hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Yeah, I have the phone number from the beach for the house.
Thank you.
Okay, wait a minute.
Here we go.
Ready?
Okay, not Palm Beach.
Oh, you mean there's more than one?
It's two.
Oh, that's exciting.
Okay, North Palm Beach.
Eight six.
What is it?
Six eight six.
Six eight six.
Six eight six.
Two eight eight three.
Two eight eight three.
And South Palm Beach is two seven two.
Two eight eight three.
Great.
Why don't you do the great tubic service for us?
Oh, it's glad to help and get rid of the house.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Okay, and I'll use stiffs up there in Palm Beach County.
You know, it's about time you got involved in something too.
And of course, if you're offended by the fact that the herald is turned into a yellow sheet.
And also, by the fact that they are pandering so desperately.
I mean, they admit now that they're pandering.
They're desperate for circulation.
They're running around the screaming in Spanish, please, you know, by the herald.
And if you'd rather read the Palm Beach Post Times or the Fun Sentinel or the news or whatever,
anything, you know, or even the New York Times, which I'll give that toll-free number out again.
If you'd like to have the New York Times delivered right to your door every morning.
And it shows up double bagged.
Even if it's supermarket, they don't double bag anymore.
But the New York Times gives you that double blue bag.
You can call the Times a toll-free 1-800-631-2500 for home delivery.
1-800-631-2500.
And just say no to the herald by calling today and saying,
Austin, the lawy go cancel my herald subscription in South Palm Beach called 272-2883.
That's 272-2883.
And in North Palm Beach, do they hear us in North Palm Beach?
Of course they do.
Here's all the way up to Stuart.
Boy, that's exciting.
686-2883.
That's for North Palm Beach.
686-2883.
And of course we know that SD Louders listening, please,
whatever you do, say no to the herald for us this weekend.
Probably listening at the Kennedy Compound, too, today, right?
Of course.
My name is B. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was in my car yesterday about 330 and I turned on the radio and it was on your channel
and I hear the Michael Jackson type.
And I think, yeah, so what's going on?
Neil's supposed to be at the carler and it goes off and it's not you.
I don't think you're safe in your own station there with your material.
I don't think you're all following the dials in your own house.
Yeah, never trust any of these people.
That's what I always say.
Don't try.
I'm going to start locking all my stuff up.
But I think what I think you should do to protect your station.
They should put a disclaimer on before these guys come on and tell you that if you're driving your car,
you should turn it off because they can put you to sleep and they call it an accident.
I don't think you're going to get much of a price on Leo Castillo.
I think a lot of people know what you know.
Yeah, well plus it's an entry with the Gulch.
It's probably going to be a short price.
I think so, but I don't think Gulch is going to win it.
No, but I'd rather cash than tear them up, you know.
Absolutely.
You can't see out of college sometime, Neil.
Okay, I'll be there Sunday.
Okay, so thank you.
I'll look for you.
I'm going to take about a couple hundred thousand out there on Sunday.
Which means I've got to find a bridge truck between now and then and just to go nuts.
See, Mike Gonzalez had another couple of winners yesterday, boys.
He's going to have a meeting at Carter or what?
Soto and Gonzalez.
Trust me.
Just plunge your brains out on Santiago Soto and Mike Gonzalez and you'll go home a rich puppy by the end of the summer.
Halendale, hello.
Yeah, I don't just want to say I enjoy it taste much and I like to make a request.
What is that, sir?
Telephone man, as you have it.
Telephone man, that's one of my favorite records.
Sure, appreciate it here.
But I don't have it.
Maybe the FM has got it.
We'll try to find it.
All right.
Thanks.
Good day.
Where'd he come up with that record?
That's one of my all-time favorite records.
Well, I love that record.
There's an open line in dates.
624-9400.
Let's go with great trepidation to Halendale.
Hello.
Hello?
I guess funny hung up here.
I knew there would be no...
See, I just knew ahead of time.
Don't trust Halendale.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I was listening to the news earlier on the station and I just felt so over when I heard that.
Windixi and all these other stores are banning carbon-tomato and magazines.
Yeah, Windixi and Cubics.
Something to Iraq because they had pictures of the woman's nude breath.
I mean, it's a mere break.
Yeah.
Give us a break, is right.
I just can't believe this.
Yeah, in fact, I have the story right here.
The publics and Windixi companies have both pulled two magazines showing pictures of women's naked breasts.
Off the shelves of their supermarkets in South Florida, the band publications are the June issues of cosmopolitan and glamour.
So I have a feeling that everybody's going to be running to Albertsons or...
...son or something else to get copies of them.
I don't know.
Hello?
Yeah.
Um...
Okay, there he goes.
He just ran out of material.
I had a feeling he had run out.
He just...
...specialist.
Probably saw one of those breasts.
12 minutes before 11 at WI-NZ.
Probably saw the...
...boom in the box picture.
You'd be speechless, too.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward now.
524-9400.
We're not going for quality today.
We're going for quantity.
We want a lot of calls.
They don't have to even be good.
And of course, so far.
Green Acres City, wherever the hell end is.
Hello?
Good morning, Neil.
Where are you?
This is just west of Lake Worth.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, we're...
...we're up here and I got...
...aging rapidly, no doubt.
Aging rapidly.
Oh, no, I don't think so.
I'm not in the yacht.
So far, I haven't...
...steeding so far.
I got...
...we got some petitions.
My address is Lake Worth.
So if you look for Green Acres City and records,
you wouldn't find it.
But...
...was over at a shopping center nearby
and some Yenta from Central Village
to work one of my petitions.
So they're listening over there.
I had the...
...so far petition and she said,
you listen and Neil Rogers.
I said, yeah, yeah.
I looked, listened to him and she took it and ripped it up.
Unbelievable.
And I had to take it and rip it up.
Well, I...
...I was going to hit her, but, you know,
it's like...
...you run out of...
I just couldn't get that, you know,
I figured she's going to...
...she's going to go on soon anyway.
So what's different?
I had a stiff from the herald come to my door
and I sent him away, told him I wouldn't buy his rag.
And I get the New York Times weekly publication
on record because I can't read it in print anyway.
So it doesn't matter.
Because I'm totally blind.
But you are able to get the New York Times
through if somebody's listening who can't see
and you can get the New York Times weekly news service
through your local library,
although they won't print playboy for you anymore.
They...
Congress said it wasn't right for the library in Congress to...
Yeah, I remember that, yeah.
Yeah, that was great.
I'll tell you.
They were afraid you might feel something that will get you excited.
Now I found another number, by the way,
for say note of the herald,
in addition to the one that the lady gave,
I had called information, got the number for circulation
for the herald in West Palm is 689-3033.
3033?
Primitive.
For West Palm Beach.
Yeah, that's the...
I asked for the circulation number
and I called there and they answered circulation.
Excellent.
Okay.
But that's another one that people can use up
and we'll try to resuscitate green acres
and get a few people breathing up here.
Okay.
We're thankful for you.
Thanks a lot for your help.
All right.
See you later.
West Palm Beach, you would like to say note of the herald,
689-3033.
And speaking of that,
here right in my hot little hand,
there's a gentleman in Fort Larville who's sent to so far
his endorsed check,
his refund check of $20.66 from the Miami herald.
Didn't we tell people that we instruct the folks
to do this some time ago and they're slowly but surely
beginning to get into the act.
And he also sent us additional checks there
for so far and even radio aid, which is incredible.
And we thank him from the bottom of our...
from the bowels of our existence,
from the depths of our innerids.
We have a woman in a mobile phone.
I can't believe it.
Hello.
Hello.
How you doing?
Great.
All right.
Yeah, I've been available for a month.
This is my life, my home, my drive around the car all day long.
Incredible.
Yeah, right now.
And I love your show.
I want to tell you that after you go off,
I don't know what the hell it is.
Do it with myself all day.
It's desperate.
Anyway, what I want to talk about with this magazine crap.
Taking the magazines off the cost of potent all that.
And I'm thinking to myself, you know, they have some children's magazines.
So now older men might, you know, take these magazines
and start getting crazy ideas about kids.
Yeah, that's right.
We better get those out of there, too.
I really think they have a Sesame Street book that might be very dangerous.
Yeah.
Somebody might get hot for Big Bird.
Exactly.
You know, Big Bird or they might take kids out of it.
Why did it keep these guys?
Sesame Street book.
And we have a lot of problems.
So I think that was the idea that the ban will magazines.
Don't have magazines in the story.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Yeah.
In fact, maybe next time we go into a Windixier publics,
we ought to take all the magazines and burn them.
Exactly.
You know, we can take them up to the front counter
and say, look, I don't want this.
I don't want to look at it.
I want to show them saying it.
I think it's a great idea.
But I do have one thing I was wanting to do.
It's other women's self the way I did.
I didn't see the cons of a Boughton magazine.
Not on Biden.
It's a garbage book anyway.
But, you know, there's a level of intelligence that goes for that magazine.
But why would a magazine that deals with women want to put a picture of women's presence
of the magazine?
Women don't get it.
Damn, what other women's presence would like.
Maybe they're trying to cater to a movie.
Or they're trying to get a new to a lesbian readership out there.
Okay.
Well, if you read the magazine, you can have a look.
What did you ever thought about that?
I will.
And the dentist often does nothing else around but that.
It really can't do a sub-indictlectual level.
Yeah.
The dead news.
But anyway, I think we're going to take 70-metre off of the counter
and I think that's the next step.
Something you should work on.
Okay.
We're going to get over to Windixier and publics in the staff room and see what we can do.
Yeah.
Start, you know, ticketing against 70-metre people.
Okay.
We'll also be on the alert for any of Bag Boys with earrings too.
Oh, right.
And let's try to write up for it, which is what it is.
Either one.
No, okay.
Just one.
And even.
I love you to say you're a knock-at.
You really are.
Okay.
Drive with Karen now.
Thank you.
Thank you for keeping me alive in the car.
Okay.
Look out for those pigs.
Sure do.
Okay.
Bye-bye now.
As a matter of fact, there's going to be inspection in all publics to this day.
All the Bag Boys.
They're going to be checking for earrings and not just in the ears either, by the way.
So you're really better clean house.
Six minutes before 11 at WINZ, we ought to do one more break this hour just to see how it works.
There's nothing worse than being at loose ends about things.
You know, that feeling that things just aren't right, but you can't figure out why.
Maybe it's stress, or maybe you're pushing too hard, and you can't fool with that.
At WINZ, don't forget to take your life savings and plunge your brains out on Leo Castilly in the Belmont market too for the price of one.
Leo Castilly and Galtz, the Leroy Jolly entry.
So I would bet at least a couple of bucks to show.
Four-laterdale, hello.
Hello.
How you doing?
Leo.
Yes.
I just wanted a couple of measure on your format.
It's improving every minute.
By every moment.
Every moment.
I'll tell you.
When I listen to some of the other tour costs, it's murders and AIDS and clothing.
Strolling clothing.
Strolling clothing.
Yeah, at least taking a poll on that today.
I don't want anybody to miss it.
I'm interesting.
Your show is like me going to a nightclub at the time.
And I don't have to go to nightclub.
I can listen to your...
Yeah, the price is right on this show.
Beautiful.
Every verbal.
Everything's coming out beautiful.
Letting it hang out and it's beautiful.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay, that's what Pat Boone said.
Although in his case, it wasn't beautiful, but nothing in life is perfect, right?
Well, I think we just have time to play Mark Riffin's ode to Helen Dale.
Before they end the RSC, he's up there messing with that...
In fact, we could do a lot of wild things because he's changing the logger tape.
That's always the time when you see them doing that out of the corner you're right.
That's always the time to let loose with a few good ones, you know?
Do we have that?
Or did somebody steal that too?
First, they stole the memo.
And next thing, you know, they're going to be stealing this masterpiece.
No chance for you.
Who wouldn't turn this loose?
This is going to be on the FM tomorrow as a matter of fact.
Part of their new format.
Okay, it's...
Well, listen, wasn't that good enough?
No, come on.
I wish you were 100 years, don't move the Holland Dale.
Is there people there that go drivers, that they'll fail?
By the way, it's his birthday today, so we wish him happy birthday, but...
Do we want to play anymore of this on his birthday?
Can he handle the... no?
Okay.
Rinkins and caddies with their dishes too high.
They can't sit around no matter how they try.
Blue hairs, volumen, douchebag, folks.
Early bird specials will play by these.
Near their foes, warning anything that they...
Yeah, you can say that again.
Okay, well, that's going to do it for this hour.
And of course, what can I say that hasn't already been said about that?
Michael Wolf is here all alone.
Don't get panicking.
I would local and area news headlines.
Or...
You know, those of you who are into quiz shows, but we got a special surprise for you in the new now,
or our guest in the 12 o'clock hour is going to be the late Jack Barry.
Now, come on off.
Let me try and get this straight.
All right, Senator.
Your testimony is that Bob McFarlane had a plan to get some contra-a.
Is that that is correct, sir?
He'd sell our weapons to Iran to get that contra-a.
With a plane load here.
And a plane load there.
Here or low? There or low?
Everywhere a plane load.
Now, that's right, Bob McFarlane had a plan to get some contra-a.
So all my fallen has that plot to get that contra-dose.
Yes, but when the go-and-got too hot...
He couldn't take no more.
About the own hands.
And a valium bear.
He'll appear.
About the people of the way to found out.
Bob McFarlane had the plan to get some contra-a.
Yes, sir.
I'll see.
Well, thank you for clearing this matter off, General Law.
Thank you, Senator.
And I would advise your counsel that before any further testimony is heard,
you have that at the end of the news.
Yes, sir.
So, 11-07 at WINZ, we're going to be continuing our live coverage of the Iran-gate hearings in the next hour,
when the Jack Barry shows up.
Okay, when you were a little kid, did you watch...
Well, you're not old enough.
Winky Dink and you with Jack Barry?
You did watch that.
And you had one of those little...
Of course, your screen was probably black, right?
You had one of those black screens you put over.
It couldn't see Jack Barry anymore.
That's our rostad you and you got the room.
He just can't figure out what he wants to be.
In fact, next week I hear he's going to be...
He's going to convert and become white.
Next week, which is really going to be a trip.
That's going to be great.
Hollywood, hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
I'm pretty good at you.
Okay.
I'm calling from Hollywood.
It's the first time I'm calling.
Well, nobody's perfect, sir.
Congratulations on your show.
It's pretty good.
Yeah, it's okay.
And did you watch the game last night?
Oh, I watched a lot of that game, yeah.
I liked that I watched it right to the end,
because I was in my glory.
I loved every second of it.
Well, I hated it.
Why?
I'm a Boston fan.
Well, yeah, but you realize that you're outmatched.
You're outclassed.
You're in a different league.
Well, these first two games, yeah.
I'm like, agree with you.
Right.
Well, what do you think is going to change when they go to the garden?
Do you think something is going to change?
Oh, come on.
You know what it does now.
Oh, not in this case.
You know what I think, sir?
I mean, when they're playing marginal teams like Detroit,
and they can get, you know, pay off the officials,
you know, that's one thing.
Oh, you know, I think that this...
Right, our Bach doesn't have enough money to pay off enough people to, you know, fix this.
I don't know.
What do you think he does?
Right.
Would it beat the lighters if they had gone to the finals?
And so with no walking.
I don't think Boston, but...
There was an involvement.
There was another wait-a-man, but so in other words, you're admitting, even though you're a Celtic fan,
that Detroit and no walking were better teams than the Celtics.
Yeah, but they couldn't beat him.
They had more people,
and they were playing a better kind of ball, but, you know, when...
Well, let me ask you a stupid question.
I mean, I know it's illegal, but people have known to bet a dime or two in town.
You don't bet on basketball, do you?
Yeah, I do.
You do.
Okay, now, are you going to be betting on the Celtics in the third game?
Well, I'll be betting for the Celtics for the next four games, and I think they're going to...
Oh, come on.
Now, who did you bet on the first two games?
I didn't bet those games.
I thought they were going to lose the first two.
Oh, you're in other words, so you're right on schedule.
So far, yeah.
Uh-huh.
They're not used to going down two games to nothing, but...
No.
For all those LA Lakers, for...
Wait till they go down three games to nothing, then they're really going to not be used to it.
And when they get behind four games to nothing, then they're really in for a surprise,
because then the surprise is there's no fifth game.
I don't know. I think they got the Lakers.
Is this where they want them now, yeah?
Yeah, exactly.
They're going to head two games to nothing, and they're bringing them into Boston.
What are they going to do?
Trank-ualizing or something?
Well, you know, it's just changed now when you get the ball.
What are they going to do?
Jam them all into Roxbury and get them locked up in there or something?
Now, that little leprechaul will be right on the rim there, knocking all the ball.
Yeah. Well, I have a line for that, but I better not use it.
Okay, well...
Something about the rim.
Well, listen, good luck to you, and may the good news be yours.
Yeah, all those Lakers fans, I'm sorry, but I think...
I know. Okay.
Okay.
We should have gotten his number.
Boy, that we have...
We'd probably burnt out the lines with people anxious to bet with that guy, right?
Boy, a fool and his money are soon parted.
It's interesting what you wrote on.
Was that a Freudian slip? You wrote wet polka.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil. It's not wet here, but I'm sure it will be soon.
I'll keep listening to this show long enough, sir.
That's right. That's right.
Listen, there were two talk shows yesterday, two call and shows that I was very disappointed
were taking calls. One was on your station, one was on CNN.
The one on your station was your close-personal friend, Donna Stodders.
Oh, that was a great show, man.
And we apologize for it. Never again.
Well, you know what I mean? I was not expecting him to talk about what he does and all that,
and then the second part is...
He can't talk about what he does.
Well, the second part of the show, he had all these publics on there,
and that's nice. That was pretty easy for him.
And the first part was something about juvenile delinquency, but I wanted to call him in and ask him
why he doesn't review any current movies on the air.
He just reviews movies that have been out already for two months.
That's because Donna is juvenile and delinquent.
Okay. But I was curious about that.
The other thing was your other close-personal friend, Larry King.
Well, I have so many of them, yeah.
That's good. I'm thinking of it.
What's the question, sir?
Did you catch him with tapoom last night?
No, I forgot about it. We went out to eat, and I forgot to set my VCR.
It was unbelievable. Some boats did manage to call in and tell him what a great job he did,
stealing little Richard and Fat Salvador songs.
Are you serious?
And King, to use your term, was tinkling all over him.
What a great interpreter of rock and roll he is.
I sat there, and I thought it was...
I thought I was hallucinating. I thought it was an acid flashback.
I thought maybe the fire-side theater was writing material for...
Orson Welles lives, sir.
And Larry King's body.
I couldn't believe it, but I was dying for the opportunity to call through to King
and mention something about someone in Miami distributing pictures of Mr. Boone's genitalia.
And I was very disappointed I didn't have the opportunity to do so because I think it would have been nice.
Not only to let Pat know or let the world know, Pat's past, but also a little shot at King
and let him try and figure out who would Miami on the radio.
Oh, he wouldn't know.
He wouldn't know?
He wouldn't know.
He wouldn't know. Well, great.
But it was pretty bizarre.
I mean, Boone was on for a quick minute, and then they had Gord Vidalon,
which was just really wonderful.
It's a good thing Gord didn't get hold of one of those pictures.
It was just too much.
It was too much.
By the way, I got a survey in the mail today from my congressman wanting to know what I feel about different issues,
defense spending, social security, blah, blah, blah.
He didn't have a write-in spot in there, but I made my own and I wrote something that he should start paying attention to at the FCC
is doing to First Amendment rights.
So it's a good idea this time of year, well, not necessarily this time of year,
but just generally Congress people like to send these things out,
so they can't do that for nothing anyway with their mail privileges.
So your audience probably would be real smart if they would do their own write-ins on that as well.
Well, I'm all in favor of mail privileges. I'll tell you that.
Okay.
Okay, hang in there.
Goodbye.
See you later.
How are you doing, Pat?
How the hanging?
Okay, get him off here.
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, here he is in spite of popular demand,
while you're sure picked a good day to come in, and they're all three sheets to the window today.
Wow, a lot of job.
Don't start, you know, on a sour note.
What is really just stinking thing you have in your hand?
You know, no matter how many times I give you good cigars, I mean really good,
expensive and inexpensive cigars.
It doesn't do any good.
The next time I see you, you've lit up one of the worst.
You see this card I got in the mail today?
Signed Love's Theme from our friend Mr. King, Influenced Italy.
Really?
Yeah, I had turned it up, but I put it back together.
He's over there, but he's still in the house.
Every time he goes over there, he sees these statues,
and he just gets hysterically, he always writes me a card and says it reminds him of me.
And unfortunately, I'm not quite as well in doubt as that one statue there,
but I just, the guy is just inciting.
I don't know this is Steve King.
I know.
The nose knows.
Oh, okay.
Because he's done this in the past, and the fun begins, he says, when he comes back.
Oh.
He's in for a big surprise.
The fun begins on Monday when Stan Major, who's sitting to my right with no cigars,
a matter of fact, which is very rare.
Is that an omen?
No, it's my first day in the building.
So I decided I'd be a nice one.
I want to stink it up.
Well, I certainly am not going to smoke that that that's a huge,
huge piece of crap you've got coming out of your mouth.
I'll tell you that.
Man, I'll tell you, I'm a, I'm a cigar connoisseur,
and when somebody runs me out of the studio, you know,
well, how are you?
We ran you a chair half way round.
You know, the studio last night.
Oh, yeah, that was a good, about 10 pounds more than when I walked in the door, I think.
And thank God you didn't tell me about the dessert tray until there was time for dessert,
so I would have waited.
You won't believe this, but the brick oven peachery is sending food over at noon today.
Just in honor of you being a lord.
You're really different, Neil, and I got to tell you this.
I don't know whether or not I, you're really intimidating,
and I don't know whether I can follow you.
Okay, get lost.
No, I won't leave you alone.
The shortest hit, well, of course, you've done a lot of jobs like that.
I guess a lot of us have.
I once was hired at WBUD in Trenton, New Jersey, to be the PD.
Seriously, and I accepted the job, and I looked around the town, and I came back,
and I had left something in the station like a resume or something, and I came back and got it and I left.
Probably a sales manager who was here on Tuesday for about 15 minutes?
You're not going to believe this, but I don't believe it.
Exactly the same thing happened to me.
Did really in Trenton, same radio station.
WBUD?
Samardy, I was at a street.
Was that old guy with a white hair, that guy with a lady?
A lady, a lady on it.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, it's about two or three miles out in the country.
The other way you're getting places, hook, you know, to have a car or ask for a ride from somebody,
I didn't happen to have a car at the time.
My mind was repossessed.
So I asked one of the things.
What was repossessed?
Is this a way to begin, you know, a couple of times, where the street was?
19.09.
Come on, we're talking about way back.
About 20 years ago.
So I went into the city and I didn't even go back to get my resume.
I love to have my resume.
I got on a train going back Chicago.
Anyway, how are you?
Your sure do sound different.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
What are you taking?
Anything I can get.
Which is not a lot these days.
I'll tell you very clearly.
I'm saying all these naughty words on the radio that I...
Well, we can't do it.
At least you can talk about it.
Oh, yeah, right.
You can say it.
Yeah.
Well...
Like what?
Do you spank?
No, you can't say do you spank on a year.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Well, he's no tapping the calum folks.
So when are you going to call Nixon?
Are we going to get to you now?
No, we're not going to.
You play that tape on a year, man.
I'm leaving.
Why?
I mean, you can't do that.
You can't do that because...
You play this career out of that one accident.
And it was in the past.
News would have to give me permission.
No, there wasn't.
No, there was under a previous ownership that company has been dissolved, really?
Sure.
I mean, I can only...
Oh, now I have a chance to help you.
Of course.
Anything you like, that company no longer exists.
Are you tape-allos?
Probably deal with material, right?
No, no, I don't.
Not anymore.
Not after listening to you.
I'm going to steal all yours.
Okay.
I'm going to come in here and play your carcac every after you.
Fine with me.
You don't have to have any fear.
Now, when Glen Hill plays it again, it's going to be the end.
You can play it, but not Glen Hill.
It just fugs me when he gets his grubby hands in a rack and starts...
Did you hear what he did yesterday with it?
Michael Jackson Glove and he played the wrong...
What do you mean on Channel 10?
Wait a minute.
Hello?
Hello?
Davey?
Yes.
What does this mean on Channel 10?
Well, last night, I guess, when you were out there, they had the...
Scared straight ten years later?
Yeah.
They ran it...unbleaved.
Yeah, of course, with all the words.
That's what I said the other day.
If you put it on in the form of a documentary, the same words that are allegedly harmful are no longer harmful.
But if you just say them in the middle of a show, then all of a sudden people are going to start falling...
You know, passing out in the middle of the street from the door.
Or if it's a direct quote, that's somebody else saying.
Yeah, then it's a...
Okay, you can say it.
Don't say it.
And because, you know, I'm sure there were kids watching that from 8 to 10.
Yes, as a matter of fact, that whole thing, that program, is aimed at kids.
Right?
Keep mud of jail.
I was just surprised that I never heard the kind of language on a regular network station.
Well, does that show you the hypocrisy of the SEC?
What a bunch of...
You know, just aggravates me.
You know, the folks that...
The guys that are...
Aggregation, and then...
You know, I just figured maybe they're going to go a test case and see what's going to happen.
No!
No, that's aired like that before.
And nobody gets excited, just like all the breasts on PBS.
Ah, big one.
As long as they're from a third world country, you can show all the breasts you want.
They're American women with large breasts.
Then immediately they're going to put you in jail.
Well, that was on last night, by the way, on one of the channels.
What?
That movie of us...
That's what I was saying.
No, the movie about the dinosaurs.
Where they had all the native dinosaurs.
The dinosaurs would make it breasts.
No, the native ladies.
No.
I don't know what channel that is.
Oh, wait a minute.
Here's your...
Here's your somebody.
An unincorporated day who's upset over waiting so long as hell with this test?
Are you upset?
Yeah.
What do you have said about it?
The South Expo.
They didn't lose that 40.
They were supposed to.
Oh, they've been invaded by body smashers.
The Lakers didn't cover?
The Lakers didn't do a good enough job covering them.
I used to be a South Expo fan up until Saturday's game.
The last 17 seconds of the game were disgraceful.
Yes?
And you didn't put my spot on Wednesday about the South Expo.
What spot?
I called you up and talked to you.
I told you I bet on the game with my sister.
Yeah?
You didn't run it.
Why?
Didn't run what?
What is he talking about?
What do you mean I didn't run the call?
What do you think we do?
Tape the calls?
What are you talking about?
Are you there, sir?
Yes, I'm here.
Is your footbrained in it?
I was just going to beat you to the punch.
Oh, I'm not.
Huh?
I think I've had your show on too long.
Okay, well listen, go listen to Lee Fowler.
He's taking a good pull today.
Okay, we have some open lines.
If you want to talk to Stan Major and find out what the hell he's going to do here.
Well, I'm not going to be here that long.
What do you mean?
I'm going to go in now.
No, I have to take the tour.
Mark's waiting for me.
Screw him.
Take the tour.
Come to get a laws.
Come here.
He's got memos to type in here.
Tom, to get laws.
Is he trying to give us a loan in here, Mark?
He's still right memos.
I have some memos in Philadelphia that are classic.
Really?
Yeah.
Good.
Let's blackmail them with them.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward at 5249400.
And a couple of open lines, in Dade 6249400.
It's 1122 at WINC.
Peter, where are my cards?
Where's my stuff?
Oh, man, I'm telling you.
These people on the FM, they pretend.
They pretend that they want to share.
But I'm a little nervous.
You know, they're hiding old Gonzards back there,
hiding all the good stuff until Monday.
He wants to play it first on Monday morning, right?
I know the way those FM people are.
They're insecure and paranoid and very jittery.
And of course, if you've seen the book, you understand what?
Okay, 22 past 11.
And when's let's do a break, and we'll come right back.
Also, very upset over the way.
What's this, the new tactic now to get on fast?
Hello.
Hello.
Are you upset?
No, I'm not upset.
Okay, hold on then.
No, I'm just getting it.
It's called Anderson, because you asked me what city the sent me,
may I ask you when you first call?
Oh, okay.
Okay, I got a question for you.
It seems that you're asking for people's opinions on the air,
like the other day when you're talking about this,
this, this, this, create your oil thing.
And I got on the air and I had a different opinion.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
I wasn't talking about it in the first place.
Either guy that called it and said, are you talking it?
I said, wasn't talking about it.
No, that day you were, you were definitely talking about it.
Wrong.
Wrong.
Whether or not, wrong, died words.
Wrongs or heroes.
Wrong.
No, I wasn't talking.
You got the wrong show, pal.
Get lost.
The guy wanted to, he had a bet with his buddy that he'd keep you on the phone for two minutes.
Well, he was wrong, yeah.
There's nuts.
Look what you did to the phone now.
You got the Glyn Hill magic, all of a sudden.
The phones have almost all gone out.
But that's no big deal.
I'm sure you've got, I have destroyed your program before by walking in the studio.
Come on, let's get with it here.
What the hell do you think you did to destroy your program in the future?
See, as the time, let me give those numbers again, and the lines aren't full.
I mentioned my name so they know who's here.
Okay, Steve Kane is here.
Very farber.
When you settle for Stan Major, what do you mean, mention your name?
I've been promoting the hell out of you all week.
You better do a good show Monday.
God, I don't know what I'm going to do.
Don't tell Mark Cunez.
Well, let's talk about Johnston.
Yeah, you're obsessed with Miami Vice, by the way.
Just obsessed.
Are any young ladies out there?
No, I came back.
Are any young ladies in the audience, by the way, who like a date this weekend?
Stan basically works in radio to get dates on the air.
I just want to make moveers this weekend, is what I really want.
Oh, moveers and then dates next week.
Yeah, right.
Okay, let's try for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, did you want to go out with Stan?
No, I don't think you're his time.
Go ahead.
Hello, is he new?
Yeah.
How are you doing, Mark?
How are you doing, Mark?
I just want to talk about the scared straight program that was online.
Okay, we don't use names on your mark.
Okay.
Okay.
Did you feel that that was real?
I didn't see it.
I saw it the first time, which is years ago, like 10 years ago.
Right.
It was real, yeah.
And the whole purpose behind that is to have inmates more or less scared, cheer, and not doing any crime.
You're the crap out of them, right?
Is that correct?
They're supposed to just be be there to scare them too, so they don't do any crimes.
Yeah, and you notice that we have no kids committing crime in America today, so obviously it's very effective.
Well, I am speaking from experience.
I have been in prison.
I am presently incarcerated.
I am here for something that I did not do.
I was in prison for something I did not do.
Yeah.
Okay.
All that takes is for someone to find a statement against you.
Okay.
And you're going to be arrested and you're going to be thrown in jail.
And you're going to stay in jail.
And you might even be convicted of something you didn't do, and you're going to go to prison.
And 10 years, 15 years down the road, they figure out, well, this guy isn't the one that did it.
Well, let's let him out.
But you got to go through all that aggravation and all that torture and all the mental and the physical abuse you have to put up with in prison.
All right.
And I don't think that, well, that show, I mean, it needs to be updated.
I mean, it needs to be, they need to have people like me that's been in prison for something we didn't do.
And talk into the American people and tell them.
I mean, you can be walked in down the street tomorrow and they can arrest you because somebody said, you robbed them.
Yeah.
And you're going to go to jail and you're going to stay in jail until you prove you didn't rob them then.
Now, is this right?
I mean, to complain about over-croddened, the jail's repacked.
They got people sleeping on the floor.
I mean, it's not right.
Good luck.
Good luck to you, Mark.
Twenty-nine past eleven at WYNZ.
And, I mean, what do you want me to say to him?
Well, he forgot one little thing that he didn't mention at all.
I'm not going to start Mr. Right Wing here is going to start.
I mentioned it.
He didn't mention at all the justice system, the fact that you've been trying.
I'm going to try out.
You know, do you want to...
Well, you heard what he said.
I said, you're arrested and I'm going to go to jail.
You've got to understand.
That's country.
You're not a arrest.
You can't go to jail.
That's his audience.
Well, I'm not going to argue.
Isn't the guy's obviously in a traumatic situation?
I think he's in Fort Lauderdale.
Bundy.
Do you want to fry him?
Because that he's audience, you know, all ten of them are sitting out there
all his old bags.
Very nervous, because they don't know where you're coming from.
They think it's probably another raving liberal that I brought in here.
I mean, this man sleeps with his Ronald Reagan doll every night.
Ted Bundy should not even have been...
he shouldn't have seen the second day in a jail.
Some police officers, some very smart, some very stupid police officer,
should have pulled out his 357 magnum and blowed Bundy off the face of the earth
about ten minutes after he was arrested.
In fact, I wouldn't even have gotten Bundy to the police station.
That's what I would have done with Ted Bundy.
Okay?
That's our new little...
Think of all the money we would have saved the state of Florida.
Yeah.
You know what it is called?
It's for wild trial.
They did the right thing.
You know what Wilder didn't they?
They blew him away.
Right?
Who's Wilder?
Well, that's right.
You haven't been down here.
He was the guy that was kidnapping the girls down here.
And they finally in New England.
They found him and when was that...
Oh, about a year ago.
A couple of years ago.
Now, it's more...
A couple of years now, I guess.
When you're out in Phoenix for a year, you're really wilder.
Who's Wilder?
Oh, that's right.
You were in Phoenix with Tom Don't Like Us.
I don't even want to talk about Phoenix.
You don't want to talk about Tom Don't Like Us.
I know that.
I'm sure there's something going on between Major and Tom Don't Like Us.
Because he won't talk about the guy.
He just refuses to say anything.
But I can say nice things about Phoenix.
Except they don't have any of Wilder.
You know what I mean?
It just like the Greta of the day.
Every time I'd mention Rick Weaver,
it was like his hearing aid went off.
Is Rick Weaver still alive?
Yeah.
Boy, does he need a bath?
I'm telling you.
I mean, he has some babes since Peoria.
No.
Since Buffalo.
Oh, all right.
Your show is great, Neil.
Too bad I dropped in.
I was enjoying it in the car before I came in.
No, I think you ought to, you know,
you haven't been here for seven years.
Now, of course, Stan made his mark by making an accidental call.
And he's made a whole career out of his phone call to Richard Nick Lang,
Stan Clemente.
He's made a whole career out of it.
It was incredible.
We went on the year in late April.
Was it April?
Late March?
It's going to be 78.
It's going to be 78.
Let's talk about old times on the Neorodges.
Who cares?
See, he liked to forget about him.
So he is embarrassed the way he milked that accident.
It was an accident.
Who would call any name?
He gave me that number, by the way.
Mickey Dane.
Who's with a B gave him the number?
Remember who's with a B?
No, Mickey.
Is it body or a Betty or a Ritter?
You're going to remember this.
Mickey sent Mrs. Nixon a bouquet of roses for her birthday.
Mrs. Nixon sent Mickey a telegram thanking her.
Yeah.
What Mrs. Nixon didn't know.
I think somebody slipped her a Mickey if he asked me.
What Mrs. Nixon didn't know, Pat Nixon was that they put the phone number on the telegram.
Yeah.
Where to call originated from.
And Mickey, of course, being his devious issue is to put a spell on Pat Nixon who then turned into a frog.
And while hopping through the wind's atrium then turned into Stanley J. Cohen, which is incredible.
And since then, Mickey has turned Stanley back into a frog.
I'll bet you do not know how this atrium came into being.
Well, I know that Dick Casper built this building.
That Dick Casper built the building, but he had the atrium put in because there were times when he couldn't find the job.
Well, Casper always had that problem.
Let's talk about the Miami Herald.
How do I subscribe?
I want to tell you one thing.
If you could subscribe to the Herald, you could have the shortest shift.
In the history of radio.
I have to read the paper.
I have to read it for Stanley.
You haven't seen the thing that Linda Thornton did.
I haven't seen anything. I haven't heard anything.
Well, if our lackey is not too busy in the programming office, maybe he could dig into our little box there and find the Herald article.
She did pretty nice thing about you.
And she said the taffy basically was, you know, never stole a freight train, but she was boring.
And she was.
That's what I said.
That's what I said.
That's what I said.
That's what I said.
That's what I said.
That's what I said.
That's what I said.
That's what I said.
That's what I said.
That's what I said.
That's what I said.
That's what I said.
That's what I said.
You cannot call the program if you were under the age of 60.
If you're under the age of 60, you cannot call the program.
I hope Marshall is saying we're going to reconsider this whole new year.
And the second thing is we're going to say nothing but negative things about Neil Rogers for a entire week.
That's okay. I'm used to that.
I'm used to that.
He's looking for all of daffy's old misfits for there going to be a Fini friends.
He will probably get Sam and Marcy to call.
No.
What was the end of the year?
Well, you're getting all excited there.
What?
What she mean was, has previously cooled down after incisive talk host Neil Rogers signed off at 2 p.m.
He's even speaking into the mic.
Oh, yeah.
But you were talking about something else.
Is this your first thing?
Hey, they got John Penises.
This was a picture.
This was a picture.
Guy came out from the herald and took a whole set of them and they always say the worst one of the tropics.
No, they were going to do a tropics story on me.
Oh, just because they did what I left.
You ever see the one they did on me?
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
Oh, well, come on.
Look, if they're not going to print 300,000 wonderful things about you, they think they got the most natural.
They got the name right.
And I'm not full.
He's not going to let me read this story.
All right, let me do a break while Stan is reading the story.
And if you've liked him so far, just wait.
Hi, this is Ron Harrison.
How would you and the family like to take off for three days?
Well, if you take off to the Derelle Hotel and Country Club, you won't be disappointed.
Friday's Saturday and Sunday for a golf vacation, a beach vacation, and a spa vacation all rolled into one three-day vacation of fun.
It's the Derelle's, three-for-fun family vacation.
Golf for Dad at the Derelle Hotel and Country Club.
The beach and Atlantic Ocean for the kids at the Derelle Hotel on the ocean.
And a beautiful experience for mom that do world-class Derelle's, Eternious, far resort.
Your one key at the Derelle Hotel and Country Club opens the door to guest privileges to all the Derelles of Florida.
In Miami, all close by, and they're all offering something different for each member of the family.
And at a super price, just $62.50 per person per night, double occupancy, with a two-night minimum and no charge for children.
Come out to the Derelle Hotel and Country Club, spend the weekend with me.
I'll be broadcasting there June 20th from 1 to 3 p.m.
That's the Derelle Hotel and Country Club.
Call them at 592-2000.
592-2000.
The Derelle Hotel and Country Club, but furry, rooms are limited.
Welcome, car shoppers and car buyers to the price spike of the century!
Yes, it's the price spike of the century at both the Orange Vaughan Lockhart Stadium,
with thousands of cars and trucks and all-way classes.
Toyota, Chevrolet, Ford, Honda, Hyundai, Old Fomile, Dodge, Mitsubishi, Mazda, Acura Suzuki,
Izuzu, Vuex, Subaru, AMC, Jeep Renault, and hundreds of used cars, by the way, for your business.
There'll be champions that deals this weekend at these price fighters,
square off with factory and set-as for select dealers like No Money Down, No Payments to 88,
zero for ZAPR financing, cash-revading, something $1200, three factory options, $2500 guaranteed trade-in
on any used car purchase, plus a discovery cruise worth $59, while they last with every car or truck demonstration.
And now, wait, who's this stepping into the rain? Why it's you coming down this weekend
to the price spike of the century at your locations, both the Orange Vaughan Lockhart Stadium.
And the winner is you!
Thank you for your sweet love.
My Lord, don't alarm everyone last request.
Oh, yeah, give me a light.
Burner!
Burner!
Burner!
Burner!
Burner!
Yeah, when you're looking for a light beer with a lot more taste than this commercial,
ask for it by name.
Crab lives.
Wheels, camera, Gorbachev, this looks like a fine nuclear weapon street.
Ball, with a sauce that could idea.
Give me a light.
No, wait, time is a total like you've all owned.
Crab lives.
Ask for it by name.
Corral.
Crab life.
Life.
22 before noon at W.I.N.C.
But that was really exciting, Neil.
Do I get to play those two on my show?
No.
Good.
So what do you think of Linda Thornton's article there, Rob?
I think it's exciting.
Wonderful.
And you know, I love it.
She looks pretty nice.
Well, I want to meet this.
I want to meet this, you have to look quickly.
She's already spoken over.
Oh, okay.
I saw Michelle wearing it.
I love Michelle.
She looks great.
Here we go.
Next to be back on Connie Hicks, if you tracked her down again.
Where is she?
You know, the one thing about Stan that's always amazed me.
Stan has these...
Like, a dead Monday.
I've good taste in pointy-head.
He has a pretty nice, right?
Phantom mystery.
Romance is in his own mind.
In other words, he has...
Right now, it's Romance.
Romance involvement with people who don't even know who he is.
Stan Johnson.
Yeah, don't start that rumor, boy.
That's all we need.
Why?
That I love Don Johnson and the only reason I return to Miami is to do Stan Johnson.
Yeah, no, we don't need any more of that.
Why?
It's bad for my image.
What's he got to do with you?
Nothing.
Huh?
Personally, he needs to shave first.
So, with Johnson?
Yeah.
Taking to anything he wants to do as far as I'm concerned.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, I think there is something.
I think in your advanced stage, you're beginning to develop...
There are only two men in my lifetime that I would go to bed with.
James Dean and Don Johnson.
Well, I would start on James Dean because he can't fight back.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Now, what is that all about?
What's that?
The Don Johnson thing?
No, either one of them.
I mean, what is that all about?
You're such a notorious womanizer.
Yeah.
I mean it.
I mean, the man is the same.
Yeah, I would try to explain to you, but you don't know who Laurie Singer is.
Well, somebody please tell him, Laurie Singer is.
I know who Brue Singer is.
He hasn't the slightest idea who this young lady is the house she came out of fame, and she's the hottest female actress in Hollywood.
What do you have to do with James Dean and Don Johnson?
I'm just telling you.
She did the video with Don Johnson.
She did this 30-minute video.
That's Don Johnson and Laurie Singer.
Now, my problem is, if I was offered my choice of either Don Johnson or the Hollywood actress,
Don Johnson or Laurie Singer to go to bed with, as a guy who's perfectly straight and loves women,
I'd have a real problem making that decision.
I finally got to him, friends.
It's taken years.
I can't believe...
I mean, if somebody else told me this, then I wouldn't probably find it as amusing, but this is hysterical.
Is there something there that I'm missing?
No.
I like Don Johnson.
What can I tell you?
Man's beautiful.
Well, I'm telling you, one thing the first person we're going to get you to is our optometrist of our university drive.
I mean, let's get serious if Don would say...
I'm going to do...
I'm going to institute a Miami Vice filming a year of your obsessed with Miami Vice.
Well, listen, when you're in places like Phoenix and Philadelphia, you watch Miami Vice.
It's a good show.
You never watched it because you were extremely jealous of a success because it was on at the same time you were on it night.
Yeah.
And you're on it night anymore.
What's my excuse now?
I don't know.
I got hit by the first show.
Miami Vice is pass in Miami.
Don't you understand?
It may be big in that scene.
That's fine, but a lot of people are saying that you and Phoenix, go out and sit on Cacti.
No, they eat Mexican food.
And then they go out and go to the right.
I can't do this yet.
A lot of that.
A lot of them hang around the Cacti here too, but don't you want to inform the people here where they can see Philip Michael Promise and Don Johnson when they come in?
I want to tell you something.
It's a big tourist attraction.
A little inside story about this man.
He came into town, what, last weekend?
Yeah.
Last weekend.
And begging for this job.
And anyway, while he was here, while he was here, the only thing he was calling frantically called Paul Steinberg, the former state senator.
And everybody who's ever been invented trying to find out whether they were filming Miami Vice.
And as it turned out, they weren't filming last week.
That's right, but I never did.
I did get a couple of names of people who are going to help me.
And we're going to inform the tourist now.
I don't care if they're doing it.
I don't care if they're doing it.
No, we're going to inform people.
We're going to have a hotline saying if you want to see the filming of Miami Vice today, here's where they're going to be.
Okay, do that every day.
There are any other guys in the audience who want to go to bed with Don Johnson.
Let's hear from them.
Sandra Santiago, everybody say.
He's lined up already.
Sandra Santiago is all right, too.
You know, Don Johnson lives on Star Island.
You do know that.
You told me.
Yeah, it's true.
And I've been trying to get out there ever since.
They won't let you out, especially now.
No chance.
Was that a guy who, oh, that was Don Johnson?
With a crank call.
He was the...
They're passing messages.
Major and Johnson are passing messages back and forth.
We taped the call.
I will.
We taped the call.
So you can down here, you're expected to see all of the phonemists that they put on a net.
Oh, no.
He doesn't echo.
Oh, no.
I knew that.
I've gone to you with the Miami Vice in Don Johnson.
When you see all of those pink buildings, that Art Deco stuff, your wrist starts to go limp
after you see enough of that Art Deco stuff.
That's what got you off the beaten pants, so to speak.
No, the most famous line about Miami Vice was if Miami really looked like Miami Vice,
everybody in the world will be moving there.
Well, I decided to try it.
And it doesn't look like that.
Not yet.
Remember the tour I gave you that guided tour of South Florida last weekend?
And you just couldn't believe it?
Yeah, but I went back and did it right when I went to Bayside.
Oh, yeah.
Here we go.
Okay, listen.
I'll just get up and walk out.
You can do it on Bayside.
And you believe this man has never been inside Bayside friends?
How many years has he been here?
Yeah.
And he's never been inside Bayside, and there was no way that I could convince him to go inside Bayside.
I love all of our junior high-enders.
If that job was to bear, I wouldn't have got inside.
If Robbie Benson were there, you would have...
Well, that's another story.
What do you think Bayside really is?
What do you think Bayside really is?
Since you've never been in there, and you have no concept of what it is.
It's a place where a bunch of desperate people go to cruise each other.
The only problem is in Miami, nothing ever happens.
Because the people who are so anti-social, they cruise with blinders on like a horse and a horse.
Yeah, I agree with you there.
I'm very unfriendly with you there.
Yeah.
It's true.
Except for the police.
Their eyes are going on the sides of their heads.
So, the Bayside?
What's the Bayside?
No, Bayside is...
You will be in the Bayside.
You realize that.
When I walked in there, the whole...
The whole aura of Miami changed.
And it hit me.
What does that mean?
It became alive.
What are you as fuel for Bayside now?
It became a little...
You're so gonna be sponsored by Bayside.
You can drive down Collins Avenue, go to the beach, you can go to South Beach.
And then come over to Bayside and it's an entirely different, completely different civilization.
Now, I don't know how I'm gonna get you down there.
What do we have to do?
Import a Robbie Benson and having to do a show down there to get you down there.
Robbie Benson is an old man.
Okay.
Who looks like a 10-year-old kid, okay?
All right.
Well, who?
Aren't you always suspicious of the old person?
I don't know who you are.
I don't know who you have a crush on at this state.
So I can't...
You know, I don't...
I did hear you mention Robbie Benson.
It's only an ugly rumor.
Folks don't believe anything that this man said.
You gonna have Don Johnson on on Monday?
Yep.
I bet you, if you call Marlon Bailey today, he gets you Don Johnson as a guest in your show.
I'm going to have...
I'm going to keep promoting him until he comes on.
And then what?
Now I'm going to seducing.
And then I'm going to start in on Sandra Santiago,
Olivia Brown, Edward James Ormans.
They'll let Michael Thomas.
We're just going to go down the list.
Yeah.
In other words, what you want to do is you want to show the whole...
What is it, Michael?
You know what it comes down to?
Isn't that what it was down to?
You want to screw the whole case down?
No.
I really love the show.
It's down to my show.
And the only thing that bugs me is that they had this dynamite character called the
Noob Man in the first season and they never brought him back.
And I want to find out about that.
But let's not talk about Miami Vice anymore.
Like you say, it's Passe down here.
It's very big and filled out.
If you're in Phoenix, Man in Chicago, they love it.
But it's Passe down here.
And what are you looking for?
I'm not going to sit here and stall while he looks in the car.
I'm going to shut my mom.
Hey, look, they're used to it.
You're a show.
They're used to it.
We leave a little bit air every now and then they feel like they're listening to WJR and Detroit.
The great voice of the Great Lakes.
Okay.
You always want to be one of those guys.
No, I never had to kind of a voice.
You do.
You could have done that.
Oh, listen, I used to hear these guys on KMOX when I was growing up.
KMOX, the voice of St. Louis.
Never had the testicles to be able to do that kind of thing.
Well, you can't say balls on the air, can you?
You want to talk about basketball?
All right.
Okay, let's do another break because this man...
Do something because you can't find what he wants in the car.
I can't find it.
Probably Glenn Hill stole it all yesterday.
Oh, no, wait a moment.
It's about to take place.
Got you.
Okay, 10-D4 in noon at W.I. and Zenial Rogers would be a till two.
And who's on today?
Ernie Sochin is going to be on today.
He's going to be holding early, pre-sundown services this afternoon.
It's going to be beanies and weenies on the Ernie Sochin show.
Stan Major is here just wasting a lot of time.
And if there's anybody in the audience wants to call it,
who's also infatuated with any of the Aminevice cast,
we would certainly invite that.
Homestead, hello.
Hi, how you doing?
Okay.
Welcome back, Stan.
Thank you.
You two guys together.
We're by Nella, as they say.
A what?
A by Nella.
A by Nella, yeah.
Two.
The thing with Don Johnson, I can fairly relate to because not, you know,
I'm a closet hetero myself, but a wife's little sister has the typical infatuation
and the being that she lives in Orlando and not here, she thinks that's what Miami is really like.
And I was up there last weekend, by the way, little sister is 18 and that's talking like a, you know, petal file.
Yeah, sure, that's what they all say.
It's always 18.
Don, well, I buy her rum runner drinks rather than candy or anything like that, we go out to dinner,
but Don has a new poster, I think it's a new reason, his white suit soaking wet, standing in the surf,
and his clothes have almost turned transparent.
Oh, really?
Stan's got to have one of those immediately.
Why not?
Immediately.
I said the window shades when the old folks commence, he can whip it up the wall, and I was saying, you know, I was thinking, well, you know,
maybe as a package deal, her and Don, I can see Stan's point or something like that.
He, he, Stan doesn't know her, they'll send him a picture of her also, but, uh, in the same kind of outfit.
He is a fair, a good girl, so the theory goes on tremendously attractive, right?
Me, teen, right?
That's, that's okay, sir, that I understand.
Anyway, it's really great, you're really a breath of fresh air in this area.
Uh oh, he did it.
And what I like already, he's a breath of fresh air, I can't believe it.
I can hardly wait out.
How old are you, sir?
A bigger part?
How old are you?
Pretty old.
Oh, come on, how, I'm 51, how old are you?
Younger than you are.
Well, are you 45?
No, I'm not.
40?
No, I'm not, I'm breathing heavily in the neighborhood.
You sound like someone in a bar or somebody, I don't like younger women to ask me that either.
Well, there's a big country in Western, hit out right now by a guy named Eddie Raven, this, this, this, first guy's like you and me, sir, it's called.
You're never too young for old love.
Well, where's the other way around?
I'm married to a younger woman.
No, it's, you're never too old or young.
Oh, I see his way of getting it right.
I try to mean, I gotta hope the herald's not listening.
People usually guess about 10 years younger than I am, so it's still flattering or looking to mirror with him.
Yeah, they, they do consider me to be in my 30s.
I saw your photograph in a paper, I, I see that old frown, it's still there.
Yeah, never leaves his face.
Little John Pemeda, I didn't know they still had those sludge.
And that's a picture that never made it into the traffic because I left during the mario boat list.
Don't know what you missed.
One serious thing.
Please.
Are you in contact or do you have any idea what has ever become of Penn Jones?
Oh, God.
Penn Jones, I'm leaving.
But if you give an up like I did, I know.
No, I haven't given up.
I'm giving up.
I've given up.
I packed all my, if you shut up, I'll tell you what happened.
Yes.
Penn Jones married a younger woman.
And she retired him out of the JFK assassination investigations.
He even does not have a telephone.
Yeah.
Her name is Caroline Kennedy, by the way.
She said, she told him, Penn fell in love with her and said, she said, I'll marry you.
But this Kennedy thing is too much.
And you're not going to have, if we get married, you're not going to have anything more to do with it and by God, he did it.
Well, that happens to me sometimes also because I discuss it with my wife.
And after a while, she just says, well, look, I was like, you know, five years old when this happened.
And I'm really, I don't know.
Well, I wonder what Don Johnson thinks about the Kennedy assassination.
Probably nothing.
Oh, okay.
But any welcome back.
Thank you.
Fantastic.
Okay.
I'm delighted we got one call on the show.
What is that?
What is that mic for?
He gets his own mic?
He hasn't even started yet and he gets his own mic.
How do you like that?
They figure with me, they make any difference because there's nothing going to help.
Why do, what kind of a mic is that?
I think that's Alan Berksold, Mike.
And you saw his numbers, right?
Before they could have known.
Was everyone that marked him?
I would resist over in the control room.
Yeah, Mark is a little bummed.
Fort Waterdale, hello.
Yeah, I hear you guys are real big Rick Weaver fans.
Oh, yeah.
He's my favorite.
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, I made him on the coast.
I am.
I am.
Rick hasn't seen a bar of coast in 10 years.
I worked with Rick.
And if he did see when he wouldn't know what to do with it.
I worked with Rick and Quincy Illinois.
Did you really?
Yeah.
Was he as nice of a guy then as he is now?
Was he as modest?
Well, he was just out of Ohio State where he played some kind of football.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Without a helmet, flying back or...
I started a personality of a, I'm really not sure what the ads to be.
A dead frog, sir.
Oh.
Well, what do you think of his play by play, though?
Well, I must admit, he does a pretty decent job as long as the dolphins are winning.
And what do you think, did you use the work at Sunny Herschel or KAT?
Yeah.
What is his 20 questions?
No, 19.
Oh, okay.
Okay, that's his, this is the guy that's winning the bet.
By the way, that he keeps showing the line for two minutes.
No, it's not.
Oh, okay.
Is Sunny a good guy, Neil?
Sunny's a great guy.
What do you think of?
He's lazy, but he's a good guy.
What do you mean by lazy?
He doesn't like to work.
He seems to know his baseball.
I didn't say he doesn't know, I said he's a good guy.
I mean, nobody's perfect.
He doesn't like to work.
Sunny would rather just wander through life kind of aimlessly.
And he's doing a great job of it.
Look where he's working.
Why did Tony say anything about what happened to him?
He did.
What are you talking about?
Are you, are you your, you're working at that?
Yeah, and he was Tony did like a half an hour in IOD.
He ripped him to pieces.
I'm mercilessly.
I'm, I'm less than Mr.
I only heard him last.
Oh, no, after Tony was on the head of putting my canton in with straight check it after that show.
Guys with debating who was the third No Justain Quarer Act, that was real fascinating.
Yeah, that was exciting.
Almost as exciting as this call.
Well, hey, we all do the best we can.
I know.
Well, listen, give Rick a kiss for me.
Will you please?
Let me ask you one of the questions.
Okay.
What, what's the galley?
What, how do you, what about Joe?
Joe is stuck in Monotone.
They have Joe's brain locked in a room with Bill Casey's.
Are you both guys a hurricane person or people?
Yeah.
Alrighty.
Take care.
Okay. Good luck you, sir.
What a call that was, huh?
What the hell is going on in here, man?
We've got the whole engineering staff in here just going nuts.
Trying to find a mic that a major will sound good on.
I can't believe it.
I never got this.
Well, he does because he's a corporate guy.
He's got a title.
He's like Rick Weaver, the executive vice president of WIOD Society.
Of course, you have to say that.
The more the president of WIOD sports is, they can't answer the question.
How can you be a vice president without a president?
Right?
I never thought of that.
And I'm just going to be a executive vice president of WIOD sports.
Is he really?
Is there really Alan Birtsold, Mike?
No.
This is a new one.
I understand the rumor is when you talk into that, it makes guttable sounds that get done
just.
Oh, that sounded good.
That worked.
Hello.
Done.
Sounds like Harry.
He's in done, John.
I'll get it.
What was wrong with the other one?
What?
Well, he's not going to move.
I mean, he's just sitting in the guest.
He moves too much.
Did you hear that?
You may lose the job here today.
Yeah, you moved too much.
I won't move anymore.
I mean, he has only been in the business for 30 years.
He still doesn't know where the microphone is.
What the hell can I do?
He's from the Orney Sochen School of Broadcasting.
Did you hear Yelton out there?
I think Yelton just lost it.
Did you hear that?
What is his story?
I know.
He heard us talking about it.
The whole show has just gone down the drain.
That's OK.
It's Friday.
Now, that Mike forget it.
Kyle is having an nervous breakdown.
He said, get rid of it.
OK, while we're changing Mike's for Stan Major, we're going to pause for the news headlines.
Michael Wolfe is standing by all alone.
I want you to know.
Don't panic.
We're news from CBS upcoming at noon.
And we're going to sit in here and tinker with all this equipment.
And we'll come back.
We're not going to come back?
We're thinking about coming back.
OK, don't go away because you could be in for a big surprise.
I'm trying to get the nervous stomach now.
I'm ready to pass out right on the floor.
I can't believe what's going on here.
That's the other reason I came in.
So I get out of here at Jack Berry.
Oh, OK.
But Jack, here's my little smile.
Oh, and drink with her.
A lot of day of ice.
Oh, you got your cigars?
Yeah.
Oh, I don't want to see this.
Now, save this for a Monday.
All right.
OK.
I just, I hasn't even officially started yet.
Somebody already sent him a box of cigars.
No, I ordered him myself because I knew that those stinky, cheap things you were smoking.
I wasn't going to be able to live.
So, no, I ordered him for myself.
I can't believe it.
Oh, you're going to give it a try.
I give you half of them.
They don't even speak to me, but the guy comes in from Phoenix.
I've been running around the building with these $1,500 microphones and all kinds of fancy equipment.
I can't believe it.
He was, he was from corporate, wasn't he?
I mean, was it big, control?
Oh, yeah.
There's a big real guy for him.
Really?
Look out.
OK.
Well, no call his wife a douchebag like you called Mrs. Hawley.
He might, he might hang you from the ceiling and make you do the show that way.
Put the mic on the floor.
Rick has been known to do that to, in fact, I think once he did it to Alan Burke.
He nailed Alan's feet to the ceiling.
That one happened, Alan Burke, exactly.
So I am Alan Burke.
South Miami.
Hello.
Is that Mike's sound OK, by the way?
Hello.
It does?
Yes, sir, with the sound effects.
Stan.
Yes.
Nice to hear you again.
I remember you in 79.
I don't care.
Well, I called you up and called you a leprechaun.
You did?
Yep.
That's the cleanest thing I've been called in years, sir.
You know what you have for breakfast?
What did I have for breakfast?
Well, if you're a leprechaun, what do you have?
Hearts, moons, stars, clovers, lucky charms.
Oh, is this one of your colors?
I just decided for you.
I'm never going to open up the phone, so this is what I'm going to get.
Who is this guy?
I don't know.
Oh, your cranks?
Out of the slide.
He's calling on your show, buddy.
Here, rid of him.
Miami.
Hello.
Nobody there?
Click.
Look at the phone.
Why couldn't they just leave us alone?
Why didn't you guys just leave us alone?
Go, everybody, go away.
Leave us alone.
I'm serious.
Why does he give out three people?
We were doing great.
We were doing great.
And it's just like a bunch of nervous knellies running around here.
Like we have Don Johnson in the building or something.
It's just another...
Where?
Flunky tallcoast here.
That's all.
That's everybody calm down.
Man, you're different.
The show is going to hell in a handbasket.
We were on a wheel here.
We were doing it.
What?
No.
Oh.
Okay, in Dade County, let's give those new numbers again.
Look at that.
I'm bored.
I'm only going to be here for a few minutes now because I have to go move.
I'm moving.
So if there are any young ladies out there that want to help me.
Okay, in Dade County, 624...
624 and 924.
But you just got up already.
Hey, gee, take it and shut his mic up.
And 624 and 9400 in Dade.
And in Broward, 524 and 9400.
We got a...
This is a record on this show.
I've never seen that before in my life.
That's what they've done to us.
They're just totally destroying my show here today.
I have a copy of the news.
Your mic is off.
Oh.
We're not going to turn your mic on again.
Did you cut the crap?
Okay.
Great.
The radio?
Radio?
Okay, the line...
Thank God.
The lines are flashing.
At least not everybody has turned it off.
This is always our tough hour anyway, the new hour.
And the whole building is just going psychotic on me here now all of a sudden.
They're just having a nervous breakdown.
I got to show you this.
This is really good.
Now, I know that it's night-wrecker, but it's like between night and day.
The difference between the herald and the inquire.
Yeah, like the free price.
Do you like to read the talk show line up there?
That's the kind of thing they do every day in Philadelphia.
Isn't that something?
Yeah.
They've got every show that's there.
Every show.
They list the doctor speaking about pets, housing and real estate with Russ Miller.
Oh, boy.
Well, this is Saturday.
Now, I'm going to keep them on.
Bernard Meltzer.
Gay talk with Mark Siegel.
Hahaha.
If I keep talking about Don Johnson, it's going to be gay talk with Stan.
Yeah, that's what I'm afraid of.
That's all we need.
Is another one.
Miami B, cello.
Tattoo all the fat.
Hossie in the village, cello.
Wow.
Yeah.
Uncle Lail.
Yeah.
I'll tell you about hats off here.
I can't believe it.
You've done everything or as possibly as there is to do.
And now you have for your totally dedicated honest, honest,
a living, breathing, do-sign with your honnest.
Thank you, Uncle Mew.
Who's there, buddy?
You're a show, babe.
These are not my callers who were doing so well.
You can blame me if you were doing so well until the engineers started coming in here.
You know, we were doing great.
You can't blame it on anybody.
Oh, no.
It's all them.
It's your own fault.
They're just, they're lost at here.
I don't know what it is with them.
They've just lost it.
Ever since they found mentioned IOD and right away, you started going into cardiac arrest.
I was a side and ever since you mentioned that.
Davey, hello.
Yeah, Neil, what the hell are you doing with the Elrann Tellen?
You're still there.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Listen, I like Owl.
Owl's a nice guy.
Good.
He's your type.
Yeah, yeah, hardly.
Okay.
Good talking to you.
Okay.
What the hell are these calls anyway?
Are these left over from Daffy's show?
No, they're too young.
Tamarack, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
I was listening to Rocky Joe's a gacky yesterday.
And I'll tell you something.
I think I'd rather hear somebody's finger nails on a blackboard than listening to that guy's voice.
Same difference, sir.
Oh, my God.
And Rick Weaver, I heard that Joe Weaver, Joe Robbie had a call and Rick Weaver sneezed.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And Don's started.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
It's a good thing that Joe didn't have an upset stomach.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
And Don's started.
It's going to be a review of the current movie tomorrow.
He's going to be doing Gone with the Wind.
So that's very good.
Well, frankly, I don't give a damn.
How do you like that?
All right.
All right.
Keep up the great work, guys.
Okay.
Hi.
Boy, have you noticed the change even in the call since before they put that mic in?
Well, everybody has become psychotic at the same time.
There must be an attack of some kind going on outside of the building and we don't know about it.
I wonder if anybody knows where they're filming my army vices this weekend.
In Dade County, 624-9400.
A couple of open lines.
One in Dade, 624-9400.
And one in Broward.
Seven, or, you see, that's the first time I did it.
I knew I would do it.
524-9400.
524-9400 in Broward.
I really threw him for a loop for the first time since we've known each other.
We've known each other since, what, 77 too long.
Yeah.
When we started with that 78-8, the old FAB building down there with the ball of holes in the front.
And the water's streaming down.
What was the loop that you threw me for?
What was that about, Dungeon?
Yeah.
Right.
No, I've taken the along time.
All these years, all I've ever gotten out of you is just a little here.
No, the more I think about it, it makes sense because he looks like a woman.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I stand.
Hello, my dear.
I have never heard your show before, but I am so looking forward to hearing you know.
Don't listen.
Don't tune in.
Right.
No, don't tune in.
After Neil, you're going to be disappointed.
I stand major is going to be an anticlimax.
Okay, nice day.
I can't find any other channel on the...
I'm committed to life.
Alright.
Okay.
Well, what I'm going to do is I'm going to try to convince Neil to stick around as long as possible.
Maybe he can do eight hours a day.
Okay.
Well, only if they have the track open till four in the morning, right?
Yeah, well, I'm going to make arrangements with Calder not to open till four p.m.
Oh, that would be very convenient.
See, we're feeling frivolous out here today.
It's not psychosis.
It's just weekend provality.
Is that it?
Neil.
Well, if that's the case, it's going to be a wild weekend.
I'll tell you that.
That's so...
Listen, I'm going to the West Coast.
Can I get...
What's called Florida?
Can I get, you know, your station over there?
I know they're all apathetic and they have not contributed to so far, which I did.
Good.
With pride.
You can get it almost in Naples, but I'm not sure Fort Myers will.
Yeah, we could call them Fort Myers, at least we used to before we found out they were cheap.
I'm going to be like Captain Eva, so that's Naples, isn't it?
Yeah, you'll get us.
I'm going to have to have an afternoon and I'll be just blitting my sides laughing.
I'm an authority on the West Coast, so ask me any questions you want.
And has fruitcake ever spoken with Stan?
I hope, but yeah, as a matter of fact, he called him in his hotel last night.
He did, he really?
Yes.
What else he would do?
Hmm, he has contact, does he?
Yeah.
And he might be put away?
He's going to be put away.
Maybe he's the one that called before.
In a straight jacket.
Right, and it's...
Well, I'm very excited.
I'm having a wonderful time, Neil.
You have restored adrenaline to me.
Well, how excited are you?
Very excited.
I think you'd better lay down.
You go to base side.
You go to base side?
No, it's just pretty.
I mean, well...
Okay, well listen, have a great life.
I should have taken that.
Bye.
Okay, now is that Mike not working right?
Here comes the message, because Kyle is ready to have an nervous breakdown.
He says it sounds like a barrel.
Crap.
Okay.
That's good enough for me.
Hmm.
First of all, look at this.
It looks like they got a fish bowl.
Look at that.
They got some little thing piped in there.
What are you going to do?
We're going to put this back where it was.
Get this to hell out of here, and just...
You'll have to speak into the mic.
Okay, it's directional.
That's all they had to say.
That's all...
Well, not move my head.
Good.
That's all.
I will not.
You're all this hysteria and...
Every cat words over the tampa.
They need him over there more than we do, right?
Get him out of here.
Is that...
It was Rick.
Oh, boy.
Holy cow.
He's been here since he was born.
Really?
Somebody, by the way, has got a horse for us.
It's called her today.
And I'm really debating whether I should go out there or not.
I go, why did she come and help me move?
With my bad ribs?
Yeah.
Well, you can sit and watch.
No chance.
Oh, okay.
No chance.
I'm serious.
I got a horse that called her today.
You've got a horse at call.
She there you go again.
What?
Well, that's not one of the good mics anyway, is it?
Hmm?
Wait a minute.
One, two, three, four.
I can't even turn and look at him when I'm talking.
Oh, it's a day today.
It's a day today.
What did he do?
Oh.
I didn't hear you.
Roger says, now it's changing microphones.
Is that okay?
No, I'll go.
The only thing I don't need to do is turn, right?
Don't turn.
You had a great show before I came in.
I was like, these engineers, men, I'm telling you.
We're sitting here just tearing everything up.
And we have a call from Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hello?
Hi.
Hi, now can I speak to you?
I love Fort Myers.
Are you really in Fort Myers?
I am.
Really?
Hey.
Do you go shelling on the beach?
Listen, I'd like to ask you, you're confused, Nate.
You really are.
Why?
I'm an ambulance man to you and your own.
The B.I.N.J. first time.
And you say that you're in favor of the death sentence, you know?
You are very anti-deft and we'll take that then.
You've been went up to the prison and I take the whole show
that you're getting.
What needs you change?
No.
You misconstrued that program.
That program that I did out in front of, what's the name of the prison?
A. V. Rayford.
Rayford.
Rayford was not an anti-deft penalty program.
It was simply a program that was an attempt to give people the flavor of what was happening
outside the prison while Spankling was being fried inside.
And you're not being kissful.
I'm being absolutely truthful.
I did not make a statement with that program.
And I told you off the air once and you said you were very anti-deft penalty and you said it.
You got the wrong file?
No, I don't.
Sorry about that.
I've known the man for almost 10 years and he's always been as militant to the right death penalty, Nixon Reagan.
I don't know what you're talking about.
He's something I call too much.
I'll see Aaron with time.
Look, it's very easy that you're talking about seven or eight years ago.
It's very easy to call in on this program and contend that you talked to me off the air and that I said something to you.
I could make up stories about you too, my dear.
You wouldn't bully an eventory.
You wouldn't believe the things that you told me about your sex life when we discussed things off the air.
I mean, I'm going to tell Neil and these thousands of people, okay?
Take it easy.
Do you fool the budget?
Yeah, about me.
I'm just going to follow you.
I just saw the camera down, but you know?
I'm going to sing this song.
I hope you're getting sexual excitement from this, honey.
I'm going to sing this song.
Okay, we don't...
Fruitcake is saying that he never called Dan last night.
Somebody called me.
Yeah.
Somebody called me and said they printed a newsletter.
I don't know.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
You wore on the...
Do you let your carts recycle?
If I come in here and sit down to a clock and try to play a cart, they're all recycled.
The only ones who are not re-recyclable...
We got that on tape now.
Ira Everett's are the only ones that are not recycled because I stopped them all in the middle because they were so bad.
Okay, 21 past noon at W.A.
Now that those pain in the A engineers are out and Stan is leaving, are they still there?
The pain in the A's engineers are still there?
Tom, go to lunch.
Talk about a corporate engineer like that.
Like I said, those pain in the A's engineers.
Honestly, God.
I mean, they just panic, city.
You know, like we got to hang one from the ceiling and just relax.
It's only a radio show.
