We are telling the Oprah joke over the telephone if anybody wants to call.
Oh my gosh.
Since the last Wednesday, everybody gets a good kick out of it.
Are you cracked or what?
It's make your own news Monday on WZTA Miami Beach,
Port Lauderdale, and the Palm beaches,
seven o'clock on the Neil Rogers show,
with Glenda Bird Hill, Captain Dave, and Uncle Neil.
Do you know that Jimmy the Geek is kind of like the Vanna White of football?
In what way?
Oh man, I'm telling you.
He is getting, he is camping and up so bad on those pre-game shows now in CBS.
Is he really?
Him and Brent Mausberger, and they're doing this like slap at each other on the arm
and hitting each other in the neck and belting each other.
You know, just it's slapstick, it's embarrassing.
That's what America is all about.
Vanna White and Jimmy the Geek.
Think about it.
Okay, let's give those tickets away now.
I really don't know how to do it.
It is interesting though, since I mentioned that,
that the action on the line seems to have increased dramatically,
like they're all flashing frantically, you pre-loaders.
Just a cool incident.
What your pre-loaders on FM, you know?
I bet you when the mail comes in today, there won't be much of anything.
Remember Friday, we gave them about 15 excuses.
They're better not being in cassettes.
Oh yeah, there better be a whole bunch of those cassettes.
Oh no, because you'll never see them again.
Don't send them to me.
Don't believe what word he says.
He doesn't have the guts.
You just what you think.
He doesn't have the guts to do it ladies and gentlemen.
You haven't pushed me far enough yet, but we're getting close.
By the way, about those polaroid pictures, you know?
You're never going to forget.
You're never going to forget that.
I didn't have to define some.
Oh no, not your pictures.
I bought the camera.
Oh.
Have you forgotten it's only an hour since the show started?
Is that a guilty conscience you're working on?
Well, you keep mentioning some other pictures.
I didn't know that Sally was taking polaroids.
Yes, she was.
She would have liked to have taken the ones that I found in my house.
Pretty interesting.
Pretty surprising.
Really surprising.
Okay, where were we going in the white one?
What's that?
Now, how did you just happen to stumble upon these pictures?
Well, I wouldn't say stumble.
Yeah, what would you say?
What's the, what would be a good diplomatic word?
Yeah, that's what I want to hear.
Your big diplomatic word.
Encountered, sifted through.
No, not sifted through.
You were looking for something else?
Yeah.
Oh, what were you looking for?
Panies.
Did you find them?
Yeah.
Oh good.
Right with the pictures.
Great.
Anyway, who cares?
You know, what difference does it make?
I keep trying to explain that.
But just curious.
Okay.
He doesn't know I found them though.
I've planted the seeds of paranoia, but.
Okay, where do we go next?
No, we're not going to go to color one.
How are we going to do this?
I'll tell you what, we'll take six little pieces of paper, okay?
Oh, we're going to have a little, uh, whoops.
Why don't you keep it in the middle of the colors that have been waiting in terminable?
You know, something I couldn't give a damn less, okay?
Okay, so don't start with this goody-two shoes who'd have been waiting a long time.
Maybe they're morons.
How do you know?
He is so out of it.
There he has no idea what it is that we do, you know what?
I'm getting hip.
Are you really slow?
How long do we have to have three bucks?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What happened?
I hit some sort of button.
The machine went awry.
Sorry, go ahead.
He'll be all right.
Don't worry about him. He'll be okay.
Gee, dad, don't worry.
Okay, there's four, five.
See, this is the big time.
This is the way we do it.
How many hundred?
I'm not sure.
I'm going to be doing this.
There's just a hundred of these.
Are you going to do?
Just six.
Okay, that'll take up to a good time.
Seven, eight, ninety-nine.
We can kill this damn show at no time.
122, 123.
Okay, all right, here are these six slips of paper.
I just reached out and pick up one.
Okay, here it is.
Look at that.
One.
The one you're going to go through anyway.
Hello.
I'm a winner.
You're a winner.
Yeah.
Wow.
Now, don't turn out to be a jerk.
Okay, try to be a good guy because you want to tick us.
I just want to say that Brett Mossberger is a jerk.
Brett Mossberger, he makes me sick.
Oh, God.
How about that Jimmy the Geek?
The deployable rod, broadcast.
Yeah.
You can say that again.
What a deplorable game.
How about those patriots?
How about that Tony Franklin,
a Mr. One-yard field goal or whatever that one?
I mean, that guy is just pathetic.
Yeah.
I'm not Tony Segredo's a jerk too.
And I want to rip in Tony for Tony's a good friend of mine.
Why do you want to rip everybody?
I'm sorry.
Tony's a good guy.
Okay.
If you say so.
All right.
Why don't you like Tony?
You kicked the people out of the stadium in the orange bowl the other night.
And one guy got thrown around his head.
What are you talking about?
The police.
The police?
What does that guy do with Tony?
He was doing a remote from the orange bowl after the game.
You're getting the sound a little like Howard Cocella.
Is this called Gozon?
Great winner, Neil.
Wow.
Yeah.
How would you like to give up those tickets, my friend?
Whatever you think, Mr. Rogers.
Oh, you really want to give them up?
I'm just being honest.
I don't think this guy wants a ticket.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Okay.
I don't see the direction the call was going.
I couldn't get a deal.
I'm not giving him a damn ticket.
When he started cutting Tony, that was it.
He didn't do that.
He was like, hey, if you don't want to give them to me, fine.
Okay, good.
You don't get him.
I don't think he knew what you were giving him.
He doesn't know from nothing.
That is just a sour push.
Another South Florida sour push.
Something free.
Oh, I'll take it.
Something worse than a sour push.
It's six minutes past seven on Zeta 4.
And not oh, geez, I threw the numbers away.
Okay, wait a minute.
I got to do it again.
Oh, no.
This will eat up a lot of time.
Okay.
Won't you do the weather?
Yeah, we'll do the weather while you're doing that.
It's Thursdays and it's number five.
Yay.
We haven't punched it up yet.
Don't count your call or me for it, Hatches.
Hello.
Oh, geez.
I can't out of here.
We can't even give the damn tickets away.
Don't worry about it.
Plenty of time.
Okay, and it's fine with me.
Now what's that?
Is that an extra number?
Don't rig this.
Now this has got to be done kosher.
Won't you wait a while?
Do it later.
You want to do it now?
You can't do it now.
I'll show it later.
That's a good idea.
Yeah, this is number one.
I'll show it.
We can't even give them a while.
I've got another number one.
I can't even give them a while.
Isn't that amazing?
What an audience we've got, right?
A bunch of morons.
We want to give you the damn pair of you two tickets and all you can do is call an act like
Jack Gases.
I mean, if you can't even act a little bit civilized, forget it.
We're not going to give you anything except a hard time.
You came to the right place.
Although there are a lot of you out there probably would like that.
I know I would.
It's eight minutes past seven.
I'm going to say the four.
She's the Louise.
Oh, yeah.
You have no idea what kind of household I live in.
That's right.
Deion Warwick is singing promises, promises in my house right now.
It's all for naught.
Okay, so I guess we just turn off the phone.
Let's start playing some music, right?
Yeah, but you do have that great mudslide and I'm real jealousy.
Okay, should we play a level findaway by Yes?
Up to you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is the same guy who's playing a bubble brain by Paul Simon last week.
Oh, that's a good boy in the bubble.
And you were that Jetta James cut that was so embarrassing.
Oh, come on.
Jetta James.
Yeah.
Well, we didn't play it all.
She doesn't win more village yet to James.
She's my favorite.
And we're going to send her a wonder mug just for being a Zeta loyalist.
Right.
She's walking her door right now at win more.
Where did they get the name for the mug?
I mean, what's the idea behind it being a wonder?
You want to 741?
741.
You want to get it?
No, it's 709.
Oh, jeez.
Those people attempted humor of his, you know?
You're not today, Captain Dave.
Since he said call the police, he's never been the same.
I know.
Since that line slipped out.
You see, he's still living on that, you know.
You notice now the lines are going nuts.
I don't know what you people are calling for because we gave two people a chance
to win those U2 tickets and you couldn't handle it.
You acted like bird brains.
And we don't want to be accused of sending bird brains to U2.
That's this Thursday, by the way.
I can't remember it.
You're correct in the orange bull.
Boy, it seems like we've only been promoting it for seven months.
That's what, December 3rd.
And our promo says, we'll be there at the orange bull broadcasting live from 10am to show time.
Isn't that exciting?
Hmm.
To personally thank you.
We want to thank you for being Zeta loyalistners and look for us near gate 14A
with a limited number of Zeta for U2 t-shirts, bumper stickers, plates and cassette copies
of the Joshua tree.
Neat.
Netnino?
Yeah.
And the guns is going to be there.
It's going to be giving away copies of the tape that goes, hi, Jeffy.
They might even have some wonder mugs, you know.
Yeah.
Maybe Jay Michaels will be there with some W-I-N-Z wonder mugs.
To give away.
The ones that he was supposed to give away Friday when nobody showed up.
Ooh.
See, all of those, all of these idiotic things like at the myriad and all these other,
I mean, how many times can you go to the well and do the same thing?
Right.
And it's just like some of the stuff that happens with this station, with the FM, right, Tony Prado?
You idiot.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
She and that cherry home and they get together in the atrium, you know, they need to like,
you know, they can't handle this.
They can't handle the truth is finally out.
I mean, if you're going to act like a bird brain, we're going to expose you for what you aren't.
It's as simple as that.
It's not like we're making it up.
Am I right?
Well, look at me.
Who the hell is this stiff that just drove in here?
Man, I'll tell you, this place is really something.
I have no idea.
You think people are coming back to work today?
I don't know.
I really don't know.
That guy that he just drives around the parking lot about three times.
Oh, yeah.
We like him a lot.
He's the one that just lost the U2 tickets.
Oh, it was a mobile.
We still don't get any mobile callers.
Are you idiots in a mobile phone?
I'm sorry.
I don't know what your story is.
You understand that?
I don't.
Can't figure that out.
No, I know.
On AM, we used to get millions of people in mobile phone.
How many?
Couple.
11 after 7 on Zeta 4.
And Mark Alpert.
Isn't that his favorite group?
Yes.
That's a matter that you mentioned.
Well, we'll find a way.
Speaking of other things from New York that we despised besides Mark Alpert, how about those
giants yesterday, huh?
Looking good.
Was that the Philadelphia game?
No, that was the Washington, New York game.
Who won that?
Philadelphia was playing New England.
I saw.
So he had one word right.
It wasn't in New York.
It was New England.
Oh, yeah.
I saw some of the overtime.
That was a wild game.
That was a pathetic game.
Wild.
Out of control.
Paget.
I mean, the Patriots come from behind 31 to 10.
Yeah.
In less than 10 minutes to go, they tie it up.
They blow a chance to win it.
Then they lose it an overtime.
I mean, that's just tragic.
Are they kept kicking field goals?
That's quite a division, isn't it?
The AFC.
That's quite a division, very well put.
And like the bills and the jets are in first place.
The bills.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now, who won the Washington game?
The Washington lose?
The Washington won.
Did they really?
Clock ran out as the giants got to the one yard line.
I loved it.
Pretty.
All those New York mavens.
Yeah.
And Jimmy the geek.
Oh, yeah.
Half time.
He was really gloating.
His giants were way ahead.
It's not at half time that counts.
Jimmy, it's the score when the game is over.
That's generally what counts.
Well, that's pretty revolutionary.
Don't get any brownie points in the standings for being ahead at half time.
Is that right?
It's like it would be like in a horse race if, you know, your horse is ahead at the half
mile pole.
It doesn't count.
No.
You ought to be ahead at the finish, at the wire.
Well, I appreciate you straightening me out.
Because I had a little confusion on that myself.
Oh, hey, listen, if being ahead at the half mile pole is what counted, I'd have a lot
of money in my car.
I had a lot of those horses in front early and then all of a sudden they looked down
that stretch and it's puke city.
Is that how you want to term?
Yeah, I think so.
It's like those rides I was talking about at the Brown County Fair.
It's a puke city, yeah.
718 on Zeta 4.
And let's take some calls.
But if you think you're going to win the tickets now or weasel them out of me, you're
dreaming.
You don't care if you give them away or not.
It's at all.
You don't care.
No.
If you feel like it.
I'm upset that we did not have a presence.
In fact, my being there was about the only presence this station had in the Brown County
Fair.
We appreciate you going.
Yeah.
Thanks a lot.
Only cost me 100 bucks.
Don't you think you got to reimburse me?
Yeah, that's the better.
I mean, what do you spend 20 bucks to win a 50 cent rob low poster?
No, no, actually the posters, I don't understand that thing.
I mean, all you got to do is throw the dart and it sticks in the poster.
I don't know.
And give it like five darts for a buck or something.
Did they have any Phoebe?
And I mean, you got to be an idiot.
You got to be totally inept.
How many Phoebe posts?
I mean, even Stevie Wonder was there and winning the posters with the dart.
So it was quite serious.
I couldn't believe it.
So no Kate's poster?
No Phoebe Kate.
So I had a couple of George Kate's posters.
Here's Munglo and the theme from Picnic on Zeta 4.
That's what we ought to do one day to really screw him up.
Get the consultants crazy.
What kind of like play Mitch Miller?
Pat Boone.
Pat Boone?
Yeah.
Eddie Haywood.
Remember soft summer breeze by Eddie Haywood?
Vagley.
Great record.
Very vaguely.
I think Moody River would be good.
Pat Boone, yeah.
And I would vote for the Moody River.
By the way, if you want to copy of the Boone in the box, just send a stamp.
We don't have any.
Why not?
There we mailed them all out.
How can they be all gone?
How can they be all gone?
I don't have any.
Sorry.
Pat Boone sticking.
Yeah.
Something through a box.
See the FM audience, they don't know what you're talking about.
What FM audience?
What was he talking about?
I don't know.
All right, let's take a call.
I started looking at the screen.
I shouldn't know.
Dave, what's this?
Wait a minute.
What just happened there?
I like the way this is going.
I like this.
I just, hello.
Yes.
I just lost one of my eardrums when he just changed years now.
Sorry about that.
Okay.
How is this better?
Yeah.
Much better.
Okay.
I just want to do a snore for those tickets.
No chance.
No chance?
Not a chance in a million.
I figured since you were so upset over those last two collars, you'd get somebody who would
be a...
Well, you figured wrong, pal.
You figured wrong.
Well, that'll be a good show anyway.
Okay.
Now, how do you like the show so far?
Be honest with me.
On a scale of one.
So far, it's a one.
Yeah.
Mm.
Out of a one, it's your same great show.
As always.
That's always.
Well, you still don't get the tickets.
I don't want them now.
Okay.
Thanks anyway.
Thank you, Neil.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
There are those bleeds tickets anyway.
There are nosebleed tickets.
I think so, yeah.
Oh, jeez.
In other words, like if you want to be up in the helicopter with Alabora, you'd have a
clearance.
You'd have a better chance of seeing something than where you're going to sit with the
Azeta.
You mean we've been lying to these people?
I hear those promos where we say we have all these choice locations.
All these great, yeah.
Front row seats.
Are they really?
Are these front rows?
No, no.
We know.
It does not say front row.
Don't start saying things like that, you'll create a problem.
Well, that's a way Jack asked.
Jack asked, we can ask him.
Front row tickets, yeah.
That'll be it.
I thought I heard a promo, that says something about that.
I just heard that you had to share one of the tickets with Sir Edmund Hillary.
It was a-
I got news for her if we had front row tickets, Gary Lawrence would have him.
True.
Okay?
And his family.
Mm-hmm.
You know that he has a son whose girlfriend, I was going to say he has a son whose
daughter, but that wouldn't have been right.
He has a son whose girlfriend is a waitress at the melting pot in cross brings did you know that yeah
That's one of those good-looking girls that work there then has to be because they don't have any ugly girls at work there want to bet
Okay 21 past seven
Yes on Zeta 4
There's something wrong with this. I don't care what you say it just doesn't sound right to me
Did you sound hollow what what you say what hollow? Yeah a little hollow. I don't think so and just not
I think it is it's those cans you got on your head. What are you talking about? I bought these with my own two cents
These are great. What's wrong with these? These are sent hiser 60 bucks. Wow
722
Okay, let's call Greg and Donald and see how they're done
Broward County. Hello
Yeah, sir. Hey, dude. How you doing? Okay?
Let's see yeah
I'll dirt on you from for S. I'm there mr.
Mr. Sunshine over there. What about him? I
Talk and I think it's Friday. I said he's telling you how you don't have a show in the show something complain about right?
Yeah, that's right. Well, I don't believe it. Hey Rickles and Madonna for years. No, he's
Well, at least we have a show
At least we've got one which is more I can say for some people in the business not to mention him
And by the way when we started locking this door the man was actually crying in the atrium out here
Can you believe it a grown man in tears?
And I'm a cherry with that door locked that's right. I'm a little narrow over the phone. What is it?
I don't well, that's because of this lousy speaker phone. Oh, yeah, it's a little better. Oh, I got great
Dogland
Oh
My mouth full of coffee great
Yeah, I'm with you sir. Yeah, I don't know what we're going go ahead rip the crap out of my okay
Yeah, so you know this guy called up saying I'll great you were you are, you know, and this is after you left and I'll great
He's yeah, he's trying to give me a new word. He says
Stand you should use this word instead of kneels
In credible he should say or end us, you know, that was
Oh, there's an eternal one stand on that
He'll leave a bowl. Yeah, and then
Then I was saying to him. Well, what do you think if we make it make it big?
They let us on over in England and the guy says oh no, you'd never get on in England and
And Stan said well, maybe they take kneel in England, you know, and then he said
I guess there was a reference to that maybe the English you're a little swishy or something, you know, the English are a little swishy
What do you want from people who worship a queen sir?
Yeah, right right right. Yeah, in fact, not even say that this guy I recognize this guy's voice from you know
Much before when I was a two-year-old an I&C
Yeah, it was the guy
It was the same guy that called up and he was used all ragged about one day
Canadian and bitching out the queen and the royal family. Yeah
But apparently you can murder them along the way because he was you know talking good about you
Great, okay. Well listen. It's been an illuminating call. Yeah, I just it's been great. You like to think
I you know Jay Jay Michaels you've got to chase me over the Y&Z about a year and a half ago. Yeah, it's me up that thing
So I appreciate it for me. You tell me on your show kind of really
Chasing a lot of other people too. Yeah, okay
Goodbye would you please?
Would you say goodbye please?
I mean he was not a bad guy, but he could he could have gone on till 9 30
Oh, yeah, we could have written up to number 400 on the slips and he would have still been
Look at those phones man. These people are like vultures. You had to be able to relate to that
All they only got to do is sniff that there might be something for free in the life
They're just going crazy
It was a typical Monday morning and it was not much happening and all I did was mention had one lousy
Paratickets from like up in the rafters there like in fact, it's in the John is where you sit
The people I don't know it could be some good tickets, but I was just presuming since it was the last
But you don't really know, but you just open a big mouth and you make it sound like we're a bunch of well
We already embarrassed ourselves by not being into Broward County fear
Now you're trying to say that the you two tickets were given away our stiffs
Is that what you're trying to say? No, it gets you in the orange bowl to hear the great music and yeah, you know and smell the aroma
Okay, they're bad tickets, but bring binoculars 26 past seven on Zeta 4 and let's go to
Oh, I guess date County hello. Hi. I like to talk about Brett Musburger Brent mouse burger. Yeah, that
That guy proves that there is gravity because his eyelids are hanging lower than well
There was a funny thing about watching the game Saturday
It wasn't just enjoying watching Notre Dame getting their butt kicked was just like Brett Muscabur trying to cover up for what he said
About you and we're like they're not a great team or anything. Yeah, what the hell does he know?
What the hell does he know right I got an idea in the else. Why don't we take
The UM defense and put it with the dolphins just take this kill the dolphin defense
I know but I'm so awesome when little have an intruder. Oh come on
She may be wound him a little bit, but not not kill him
I mean their marina's allowed to have a day off. And Dan marino yes, then it was like out to lunch
He wasn't even there they were playing they were playing in Buffalo and he was in win more
Team for two years he was in win more village looking for a wonder mod
The Jiro Paul gang over there. Yeah
Well listen good luck to you sir. Okay, how nice day you two have a wonderful life
Shoot nice young man only a football game. Hey listen, what's more important?
Yeah, really
Your priorities. Yeah, you're right. I gotta get my priorities straight down. Shola man. What a jerk the game is passing him by
Yeah, life is passing him by
We got that great beautiful new stadium now. We need is a football team
And that'd be great if we had a team maybe pipe or high could yeah take over or maybe killing and huh
Speaking of stadiums and coliseums and such I heard from a good source that the heat is history
Are you serious? I mean they didn't sell the 85,000 tickets that they need this up. This is the same academic anyway
I'm really that it's over. Hey, wouldn't that be great now this this would save us one of the another
Embarrassment we've had a lot of embarrassments in this stuff, but this would save us yet another
Colossal humiliation I heard they're going to use the Coliseum to play concerts and
Oh really I heard they're gonna have cock fights there
I think you're right. Yeah, Neil. Why does Dia Simegoes?
And we're all these new Cubans come in man. We got to have something they can relate to they can make him right?
Well money will just roll it isn't that what we need is some more like refugees here
I think that's exactly what we need to kind of spice up our lives. It's been boring
Pretty boring. Let's have about 50 million refugees and we'll bring them all into date cowty, okay?
Just keep them out of brown. Yeah, no brown. Oh, and then yesterday you would have you would have died if you'd have seen this on
This week with David Brinkley they had mayor sewers on who?
Xavier Sewers. Oh, yeah, so I saw that. Yeah, and did you see the it was one of the funniest things I ever heard my life
He said the Cuban immigrants who came here before 1980 set all kinds of records for
Productivity and getting jobs and I thought to myself where do you look that up like like where is the record book to find about
Productivity of immigrants, you know like like it's like saying well when the Irish came in or the Jews came in or the Poles
You know in a early part of the century they weren't very productive even though they worked in the sweatshops 30 hours a day
But we're how can he come up with a line like that and get away with it, you know
And all these great journalists George Will is sitting there and Sam Donaldson with that plastic face of his and David Brinkley
It was a good guy, but he's been mummified for at least five years now
They just knew suit. They just let it go and they just let it go and they do all the Cuban immigrants who came here before
1980 have said all kinds of records for what for what
What the hell is this man talking about what a pandora he is just the worst I think they have
So records and cock fighting. Yeah, no question about that. It's Santaria or at least in part of that
730 this is let that go on Zeta 4. Yeah, I was fighting is what I was talking to I know now somebody out there with a dirty mind
You know, so there's another indecent shot, you know that buddy Nevin's at this
News slum Sentinel. What is with that guy anyway? What's with that paper every day every single day?
He's got another story, but it's a non-story. There's nothing going on buddy
Anything you read in that paper I would take with the grain of salt that paper is just just incredible
They don't when is there a spot coming up? Oh God. Okay. Yeah, thanks. Uh Howard County. Hello
Stan how you doing? Okay, George are you?
You're the greatest man. Yeah
Yeah
It is up. Okay, don't buy a house wrong show, but the right idea
I like that call. Yeah, he was good. He was perfect for Stan Stan is got like he's following you know basically a
I almost said dead air that would have been nasty because Jay wouldn't like that, but they're desperate over there
You know what and at mark. You and he's gonna turn that a.m. into a parking lot
Is he yep you predicted that a while ago?
Well, when he first came here as a matter of fact as a give us give this man enough time and enough leeway
Man, he'll turn this whole place into a gigantic parking lot and he can the same man who gave us Daffy McCallum and
Tomorrow being Tuesday that brings to mind talk net, you know and all that other brilliant innovative talk man
The same guy who gave us that is gonna really do a number over there. You can go to the bank on it
I thought you said he was gonna. I don't want to say how small the number will be
You said he would turn it into a Chinese restaurant or two Howard lines not flashing by the way
It wouldn't you be embarrassed and humiliated if we give away the you two tickets on one of the lines that you're not ringing right now
What does that mean?
At 7 7 9
3600 how could we give him away on a line? It's not ringing well what you meant was wouldn't it wouldn't you be upset if you gave the tickets away
And you weren't calling yeah, no it could be you. Oh, there they go now. We're not gonna give him away right now
But you never know Howard County hello. No, how are you doing today?
New great. How are you? Oh? I'm hanging in there hanging in there another weekend. Yeah, I'm gonna go
I've never made it to the fair but I thought about it the fair was so much fun. It was great
Yeah, I'm gonna try to make it to the circus that one of these years. Have you ever had that fried dough?
Yeah, yeah, cuz I I looked at it and it looked so tantalized
I can't eat stuff like that
Yeah, I know the fried food will do you and that's the only thing go on one of those wild rides right yeah
Then get off and you can't stand the fair anymore after that
I think that's what kind of kept me away as I remember that, you know you go on a couple of rides
Well, I went all of the thing all you smell is kind of like greasy food. No, there was a lot of good food there
In fact, in fact, I'll tell you what I did have I had one of those Italian sausage sandwiches with peppers and onions
Now that's our good always that good man
You have to have those every time you get any kind of fair. Yeah
I got a two-year-old here who when he hears your promo that Neil song he starts singing it
Oh, great. I could never get him to sing it, you know with you on right now
But he does sing it when he hears it well
We like you know the kind of infantile touch on his show. Yeah, it makes me feel it makes me feel at home
Two and up right yeah, that's really good now. Do I win the Wii U to tickets for that? No
Oh, well, at least I tried you know I gave it my best shot you sure did okay. You have a good day today YouTube
Okay, bye bye YouTube YouTube YouTube
7.33 on Zeta 4
Zeta 4 on a dial
Trying to work in my rules with a dolly nail with Zeta 4 on my dial
Un-feel-evalable
Neil Neil Neil
What do you think of a guy who runs you around in a retail store with a thing on his back a thing that says
Unbelievable and incredible. Hmm. What was his name again? I lose his card. I forget. Oh, that would be embarrassing
It was wolf camera. Yeah in the Howard Marl glass the Howard mall the Howard mall
The Howard mall is I guess all of them all is now just
Oh, yeah, oh God with incredible looking people these days
I told you yeah, so if you're into shopping or you into trolling good luck to you any mall do I think
Anyway, I turned around we were seeing there at the circus and I turned around and I looked behind me
It's a 25 before it was one of the most freaky things that has ever happened to me
What are the odds on that you know and here was this very attractive young man?
I would say 20
Yeah, and a nice-looking young lady. Oh, we're getting close to this story again
Well, I've already kind of like spelled it out. What do I have to say? No? I
Got it. Did you it was I get convoluted several times as a matter of fact, but that's another story
Yeah, anyway, we don't want to go into that because that could be interpreted as indecent and immoral and offensive to
Decent see and morally offensive and all of that other but I like this kind of like Tony Prato
Thought it was a good story that's gonna be our pull question little later on on Zeta for today
Seriously is Tony Prato indecent or obscene our promotions director
We're bringing in Lee himself to do that poll
That's a follow-up. Yeah, I think that's a poll that calls for a professional pollster
So Lee if you're listening
Yeah, we're not bringing she's gonna get all been out of shape
Oh, I know she's gonna be whispering with Sherry Hall in the hall
Prato was ca pretation what I'm doing there in the pool to put on the air with it now that I always just a scud
They were eating on the air making federal sounds. Oh, it's just terrible
There's still upset about me
What do you want you still want your point three honey is that what you want because we can arrange it
You know what I'm saying no problem at all call up Jeff Chase get him back in here
That's good for an immediate one point decline automatic. He won't you're only doing a one so why do they still have Jeff Chase's picture in the
You notice are they try to give us a message like none of us
Okay, isn't it interesting? This is the morning show on what is obviously the more important to them of the two stations
So this is the biggie and none of the three of us have a picture anywhere on either wall not just on the FM wall
But a m b m b m or FM there is no picture of any of us but Jeff Chase a Jeff Chase who doesn't even work here anymore
He's got this beautiful color portrait. It's a good picture. Yeah, don't you have a Polaroid camera?
Yeah, I'll bring in my Polaroid. Oh get Sally will bring in our specimen camera
I'm bringing some of those pictures
Yeah, why don't you do that? I don't have no going there in Atlanta
737 trust me on Zeta 4 and where should we go next he asked?
Oh, I see no don't worry about it. I'll just I'll just punch him up. I'm used to this date County. Hello
Hi
Hey
Not much what's happening by you. How come you're not in school yet?
Say what I got suspended you got suspended for what?
Because I'm black kid, you know mess with me a black kid wrestled with you
Messed with it
Yeah, now you're both suspended
We're then any out of jerseys get off call you and tell you
They don't want the tickets and cursing at you. Yeah, what kind of morons are they right?
Yeah, man
First call a statement telling you
That first you wanted the tickets and told you that he started ripping Tony sigredo nobody rips Tony sigredo on my show
He's a good guy. I know and then that only got called you all bad name and everything
They're sure to have this yeah, you believe that but I'm out of jerk. You know what?
You're still not getting the ticket
Ha, not the black kid that he got no
Yeah, you you went to black kid that you were fighting with we would have given you the tickets, but you're suspended
Yeah
Suspended a sentence suspended a sentence remember that in the godfather
Go ahead what what are you talking about?
Best about how we started with the studio. Let me say this to you if you would say ask you a question
Then you and that black kid wouldn't be fighting
Okay, ask me anything
Oh, yeah, that was a great call
You thought I was gonna give you the tickets
What is it to you what are you concerned about what people are doing with their private parts?
Are you writing are you writing a book?
96
Okay, have a nice day. He's gonna start talking about Queens at power 96. Oh really?
Is that where he was headed? We don't have enough time for that call sir
I didn't cut him off because I was afraid he was gonna say I just we just don't have that much time left in the show
That's right. He starts running down that list. It's like reading the phone book
You want to play a spot? No, it's not due till the end of the hour
I think this is no spot Monday. No, you're wrong. You're absolutely wrong. We got three minutes look at that log
That's a six o'clock one. No, it's not. It's the seven o'clock one and next hour
We got three minutes in the last hour. No, I think we got four this hour. Oh, yeah, you're right
We do have four this hour. Well, why the hell don't you go in there? We'll play two of them now and two of them later
Seven forty I think we're gonna do a four-minute break just because you're sitting here on your ass you idiot
I was with him anyway, man
He just comes in with a cup of coffee at his tangerine and hey, baby. I'm just lounging around
I'm playing most of the music on cart today. You notice he's like got nothing to do in there
Yeah, played yes, and that was his like his big production number for the day
Okay, let's do a little break. It's a six seven eight. What the hell is it now seven seven forty?
Are you sure? Yes, I am are you positive? We're getting to my cast here twenty two late on Zeta four
Listen
He's got it
He's got the
When I first heard him with his wit so mighty, his soul was so weak, but always excited.
Now I always hear him, but won't get to the other end.
All who knows when you look at my rear end, that way, it's a new living morning.
He's up over the line, he's got the battle rim in, there's seen such a pride.
The morning will never be the same, all in a ragil, all in vain.
He's a new living morning, he's up over the line, he's got the battle rim in, there's seen such a pride.
The morning will never be the same, all in a ragil, all in vain.
All in a ragil, all in vain.
All in a ragil, all in vain.
Thank you Elvis.
I can't hold it that long, I can't hold it that long.
It's 745 on Zeta 4, that's Elvis Jr. and never sounding better, right?
They had an Elvis impersonator with the fare, but I don't think it was him.
You don't think it was Elvis Jr.
No, because it seemed like a bigger guy, he's kind of like a small guy, you've met him, haven't you?
Yes I have, good guy.
I like him.
And for a minute I thought it was him, because the guy was pretty good, but I don't think it was him.
Well this guy doesn't look like Elvis.
No, he's sound like Elvis.
Well, any of these guys they like make up and look like him.
Yeah, and he could probably do that, but the guy was too big, to be E.J.
Some of them went out of the knife and had plastic surgery to look like Elvis.
And that was a knife.
Yes.
Interesting choice of words.
Wait a minute, who is that that's just what running out there again?
Was that that same maniac A.M. salesman again?
Probably, and more people are coming in to the compound.
Well, are they coming into the compound?
Well sure, it's nice seeing you folks, so we were here on Friday, we were here on Thanksgiving Day.
It sure is nice seeing some of you come back to work again.
Some.
Yeah, now you'll have something to be thankful for again, next Thanksgiving Day, if you're still here.
Who's coming in, anybody we know?
I can't tell you Tony Prado here yet, with her sauce.
No, it's the car wash people.
Oh great, those are some of my favorite folks, although I did wash my car yesterday, so I will pass.
Now who's behind the car wash?
Sales people.
Here goes another one.
Now that looks like what that looks like Jean Cashman.
Now there he goes, he's leaving.
Didn't that look like Jean, who's leaving?
The A.M. sales nut.
Gary, Gary.
Isn't his name Gary?
Lawrence?
No.
Gary Lawrence is leaving?
I'm totally confused.
He just got here and he's leaving already.
Okay, well, Lawrence family is listening.
Boy, you believe they gave us a window?
I don't know if they love it.
Yeah, I love it.
And you know that they hate it.
These people can't stand it.
In fact, they were sitting here monitoring that.
Yeah.
Bye-bye.
Okay, you too.
Little hyper.
Oh, him or me.
Yeah, he was a little hyper, but can't turn me off though.
That is a good guy.
And pretty soon we'll get somebody called in to turn me on.
That would be a good start.
You believe he lived in this town?
You know what I mean?
Like, I don't want to troll on the year like Stan Major, but it's getting to the point
now.
If something really exciting doesn't happen soon, I'm going to have, I'm going to go to
Sweden and have that operation.
Finally.
Yeah.
Okay.
Will we be doing the show?
I don't know, but I might sound a little different when I come back.
I might sound like Michael Jackson.
But I just, you know, sooner or later something's going to happen.
Something good.
Something good.
I mean, why did that happen at the circus?
Why couldn't I have been, for example, in Windixie?
And as I went around the corner of one of the aisles with my shopping cart, I could have
run into that same individual.
That's correct.
And at that point, if he would have probably would have been alone, and I would have said,
gee, that would you, it's a good time for something.
But not me.
That's not my luck.
I turn around and there he is with his very attractive young lady, by the way.
She was very nice.
It is so hot in here.
It's not my imagination.
And you know what I don't understand?
When we played Mitch Ryder, I went out in the hall and in the atrium, and it's like freezing
out.
I know.
But there is no air where it's got to be comfortable.
Don't you people understand it?
You manage, you mismanagement people.
It's got to be comfortable.
You've got to be able to breathe to be on the air.
Really?
And they just, well, it helps.
It does help.
You know, it never hindered Alan Courtney that he wasn't breathing all those years when he was on the air.
But most of us, it does help if you're breathing a little bit while you're on the air.
A little bit.
Yeah.
I mean, it doesn't bother Bill Ross on Channel 7.
He hasn't breathing for 15 years.
Barnaby Jones gets his man.
Oh, jeez.
Oh.
29 past eight on Zeta 4, and where are we going to take a call from?
Boca.
Boy, this is pretty exciting.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
How are you doing?
Good, how are you?
This is everybody, the guy with the Hungarian girlfriend, John Colony from Boca.
Oh, yeah.
How you been?
All right, listen.
I sent you a little something through the mail yesterday.
You should get it within a couple days.
I know you're a big Michigan State fan.
A friend of mine went up there to watch the big game against Indiana a couple weeks back.
I told him to bring me up a program.
And when I got my hands on it, I immediately sent it to you.
I know you like Michigan State.
I hope you enjoy it.
Great.
Along with that program, I sent a cassette for the bird.
It's going to be in a big envelope, you know, a UPS, whatever.
I want to ask you something.
What?
Wait a minute.
You mean like a blank cassette?
Oh, of course.
Oh, good.
A lot of go right in the right of my waste basket.
I told you not to send me any of those.
No, don't.
Don't listen to them.
On that first cassette, Neil.
Send those tapes in, folks.
Yeah.
Wait a minute, Neil, Neil, Neil.
Is there what?
Wasted away on Halndale.
Is that on your first cassette?
Yes.
Thank God.
I'm trying to get that desperately trying to get that waste away from Halndale song on there.
And another thing.
It always seems every day I listen to you guys that the next day it's hard to say.
It's hard for me to realize that the show gets better and better.
You seem to go one step above than the day before, but completely so.
I can't imagine how you guys keep topping yourself day after day.
We're climbing so high pretty soon, the show will be on Mount Rushmore.
Yeah.
And I know that Jean Cashman can relate to that.
Take care and enjoy the magazine.
Have a great day.
And hopefully, let us know what goes on at that meeting tomorrow.
Okay.
We'll get you the inside scoop.
See you later.
It's not Jean Cashman.
I apologize to Jean.
It's Arlene Ross, who's butt.
Is he picked it up on Mount Rushmore?
I don't like the way Captain David's laughing a lot of noise.
He wants to see it and know he's here.
Yeah, no, I like that.
It's a morning show and we want to keep the audience alert and awake.
Now, who's driving it in that vehicle?
What is that?
Wow.
Fisinder.
Pretty strange stuff that comes into this building.
You know?
Most of it is guests on the J-Michael show.
How do I feel for the station on my radio?
Wait till the book comes out, check.
Not for the locked in, David.
What's there major on my radio?
All together now, everybody.
I guess you say W-I-N-C-2-D.
I don't think so.
It's eight.
Can you believe that?
I come in for those of you who missed the beginning of the show.
And I realize this is a little in.
Okay.
But I think if you stop, somebody who's listening to me for a while,
if you stop and think about this, it'll give you an idea of how totally confused and chaotic
and screwed up this place is.
I come in here this morning and I always come in the side door through the newsroom
because that's the only place you really can get in.
And anyway, what's his name again?
Dave Reynolds.
I don't know why I keep forgetting his name.
But the David, speaking of our good friend, there he is ladies and gentlemen.
J-J-L-M-J.
Wait a minute.
We have to wait with the story.
Talking about Stamina J.
Because J just drove up.
But anyway, I come in and Dave Reynolds is there and he says,
and he's a pretty good guy.
And he says, good morning and I told him, hey, yeah.
And he says, by the way, over by the sports,
there's a green copy thing there for you.
And I think that's a spot for you.
And immediately, that puzzled me because why would a spot that has anything to do
with the station with Zeta be in the AM newsroom?
Okay.
And I go over and I look at it and it's a spot for mineral ice for the AM.
I mean, obviously we are not running mineral ice spots on Zeta.
Okay. And I don't think it's going to start between now and next look is.
And it says Neil Tericott.
Neil doesn't work on WINZ anymore.
I mean, are those people out of their cut and picking minds?
Maybe they don't realize.
See, before I left over there, there were some spots that I cut in my voice,
which they have continued to run.
And there were some other ones that we did for here that they took a dub of
and they played on the air up there.
Dub of and they played on the air up there.
But that's it.
I don't work for that station.
I have nothing to do with that.
Thank God.
I have nothing to do with WINZ anymore.
And I mean, nothing.
Well, I want to disavow any association with that part of the building.
Why don't you ask Jay Michaels?
And then when I'm finished doing that, I want to disavow any association
with this part of the building.
No, Jay's the production director on the AM.
Well, I don't think it was his writing.
I know, but why don't you ask him?
He would know better.
He knows that I'm not going to do that.
Right.
There's not a chance in 10 million.
Well, when he pops in over here.
Well, I saw him with his briefcase and his party, just came in.
Did he have his red pants?
And his red pants and his chemistry set.
It's 834 or a Zeta 4.
You know, there's a guy in my complex who has a little dog, Doug.
And he walks this, he drags this dog around all day.
And you remember me talking about the guy Wain who called in and turned out to be a pretty decent guy.
But Wain is like out there all day.
All day.
I don't know if he works.
I don't know what his story is.
But this guy is not only outside of it, but he's walking that dog.
Anytime more, you can come at three in the mornings now walking that dog.
So I kind of thought we could have, and not only that, but I have two other neighbors who are very nice people
on the other side of where I live, who are obsessed with washing their car.
I mean, it's way, you know, I like to keep my car clean when I get a chance.
But it's something to be obsessed with washing your car.
Okay.
In fact, if you open up my door and I walk out front and hear car wash blues, like 15 hours a day.
And they're out there scrubbing and waxing and polishing and waxing and scrubbing and ripping and tearing.
And I thought it would make, we could make an interesting movie in my complex.
You know, here it would be Wain wandering around looking like Harry Reams, you know, with all that furball all over his body.
Just wandering around aimlessly being a Yenta.
And here'd be this guy dragging this poor little dog on a leash, you know, and then there would be my other friend who's like the space cadet wandering around aimlessly looking like somebody who's been in the house.
And you've got lost from the Harry Christmas.
And then the other people washing, frantically washing up the store.
Man, it's what a scene.
But you left out my favorite character.
Which one is that in the movie?
Well, the guy who runs out into the parking lot and the second he sees you come out, you're doing it.
No, that's the same guy who wanders around like the space cadet.
That's him.
Like a space cadet.
Yeah, he's like a wandering Jew.
Yeah, and what does he yell out?
Oh, yeah.
Like different Yiddish word that are totally disconnected like...
Get filter face.
Tuckers.
Out of the blue.
Yeah, Coxa Huis, you know, little cuties.
At the top of his love.
Yeah, they'd have nothing to do with anything.
Sim Costa Tishubov.
Why don't we write a screenplay?
Yeah, I'm Tonya.
I think we've got the cash already set.
I think there's a lot of potential there.
We could call it complex.
Yeah.
And Richard Dreyfus could star as you.
We could river Phoenix.
Yeah, we would be great.
River Phoenix could play my roommate.
Yeah, no, I don't think so.
836 on Zeta 4 and where should we go next?
He asked to line for it.
Isn't it amazing that we did the show just keeps going on and on and on and on.
I mean, are we making up for lost time now or what?
It just, oh, there she is.
Hey, by the way, I got a little present for you, sure.
Write me some copy.
Will you honey?
I'll be more than happy to do that one of these days.
But get serious.
Well, I just thought it was an endorsement spot.
Well, I got news for you.
I don't write copy.
You know, the first time I did a magnificent job, but when I get pushed, I start getting
testing.
And what about that spot for the AM?
I had nothing to do with it.
I mean, can you believe, did you hear that story?
Yeah, I heard it.
I come in this morning.
Here's a spot for me to recut for INZ.
I don't work at INZ.
I know.
I have nothing to do with INZ.
I don't want anything to do with that station.
Can you give you yellow sheets?
Not green one.
Yeah, okay.
Oh, that's the difference.
Write me some copy, please.
She's messed up.
I'm too much hanky-panky with Paul.
I'm John.
And I got news for you.
Nothing's ever going to come of that.
Okay.
Where are we going next, Broward County?
Hello.
I know what it is.
What it is?
Got Tony.
I got some hot, Joe.
What you be, man?
You know, you got some hot stuff?
Hot stuff, man.
Okay.
Well, you bring it in about what?
We're having a big sale two in the morning tomorrow morning.
I got the best deal in town.
Oh, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I got to watch here.
Let me take a look at it.
Let me take a look at this.
It's a cycle from JC Pennings.
Okay.
It was about $2.29.
I did it.
Not $200.
Not $200.
Oh, that's good because it's only $2.29.
Okay.
Oh, man, you jive.
I'm not being jive, and you'll be ill, sir.
The pet Tony, I'll be over there with the good selection.
Okay.
All right, down.
See y'all.
That's somebody called from the Thunderbird and the fly market.
Yeah.
And the flea market.
Yeah, that's really good.
We need just one, and that's to tie around Tony Prado's neck.
What's up, man?
I mean, oh, my God, I didn't recognize him.
Elvis.
That's Elvis Jr.
Put Elvis over here for a minute, and let's put him on first.
I didn't recognize you.
It's been so long.
I know.
You weren't at the Broward County Fair, were you?
No, but I was one of my daddy's design personators.
Yeah, I saw him.
He was pretty good.
It was really.
Yeah, not as good as you, but he was good.
I have a cartoon to show you, Elvis Jr.
in this morning's USA Today.
Did you guys happen to catch this week's National Inquirer?
Oh, yeah.
He was reading it on the area yesterday.
And it kind of runs parallel with the tapes that you got.
Something about my daddy talking from his grave.
Yeah, that's what this cartoon can get upset about that.
Yeah, read that cartoon in USA Today.
I think we have a grave situation, don't you?
That was good.
By what to say?
Yeah.
Now your daddy was big on jewelry, Elvis.
Every day cartoon.
You think about some story of my life.
I was visited by the ghost of an Elvis impersonator.
Yeah, yeah.
Jewry.
I've heard about this woman coming in here to sell jewelry.
Yeah, great.
Oh, yeah.
I think I'll call it.
Some of your daddy's jewelry, maybe, in a collection button.
I'll make a special trip to come in here.
I'll make you a star.
I had to make a special trip this morning to come in because I'm coming in the cut of spots.
I don't think I don't want to replace anything that you guys have done because I think that is the spot that you guys have done for the brick oven,
I think that should go into the archives.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe you like to cut this mineralized spot that they got up there, Elvis.
I think the spot that the bird did for the brick oven is.
I think that you go into the archives.
Yeah, my favorite is where he says a slight of Pete.
That's my favorite.
You can't get close to it, but you'll never...
Nobody can do that.
I don't think I could ever do that.
No.
And I don't even hope to replace that.
I wouldn't think as long as you know that.
I think it should go into the archives.
So what are you really doing here?
You're hanging around for Stan Major's at it.
Is he milking another free performance off of you today?
Not quite.
I'm actually in here to do a spot.
I've done a lot of work over there.
And I really...
I'm still living in the phone booth, so I have to make money somehow.
So I'm coming in here to do a spot.
I wonder how he takes those showers in that phone booth.
The ones that he calls in on the air with the Michelle.
Oh, yeah.
Remember Michelle?
No, that's not Michelle.
Her name is Suzanne.
And you've got...
Her name used to be Michelle.
You've got me into a lot of trouble there, buddy.
Oh, I see.
Oh, really?
So in other words, we have a little change of characters.
Some of you know what I'm saying.
Sort of speak, yeah.
Hmm.
That interesting.
Do you think Stan will be upset that you dropped in here?
Perfume in it?
I'm really worried, you know what I'm saying?
He may not like that.
I think we ought to play in honor of Elvis's appearance here.
I think we ought to play that one straight one.
Straight?
That he could have even pardoned that expression.
Yeah, what do you talk about?
Don't be cruel.
I think that's what he was.
I didn't even know that was being recorded.
That was right after we did the Stan majors.
Don't be cruel version.
And I think I forgot one of the verses.
Yeah, that's what we like about it.
He said you just sort of go away for a few minutes.
I will like that.
You should change when I go away.
That's nice.
Well, just for a minute.
There's a few people like that.
No, no, just for a minute.
Don't tell me that it disappeared because that would be...
That would be so obvious as to where it went if it disappeared.
Well, you couldn't even figure that one out of.
How could that be possible?
Well, he was talking the other day about coming by here
and just kind of walking by the studio and it was unlocked.
Yeah, I heard that.
He said he didn't come in.
Yeah, he said that.
Yeah, that was yesterday.
But you would have to believe him, wouldn't you?
No.
Where the hell is that?
Well...
I'll tell you one thing.
If that disappeared, I'm going to be apple-plugged.
Mm-hmm.
I think it's gone.
Yeah, keep playing that in the background there because I can't find this card.
I've got it. It's Neil or never. I've got that.
But that's...
Where the hell could that have gone to?
And though I do.
Do you have a special rack over there for El with Junior?
Yeah.
Do we have a special rack for Don Jun?
Yeah, Don Jun.
Did you happen to listen to the show of things given?
I missed that.
You did.
Yeah, we're kind of busy with family, you know.
I'm Neil, did you eat the bird?
Yeah, I'm sure.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Yeah, stuff the bird.
You guys were in there together?
Sorry, I missed that.
Yeah, we were there together.
No.
It was interesting.
Is that the word you want to use?
Yeah, it was interesting.
Interesting.
And another friend of Stan's was there his friend...
...his girlfriend.
Don't say it.
Don't say it.
Yeah, which one?
Trust me.
Yeah, I know.
It's gone.
So, Elvis, Junior.
Do you ever see my friend Corey James?
Yeah, I've seen him quite often.
I haven't seen him in the past month or so, but I've seen him up until the time I talked to you.
I told you to say that he said hi to you.
Good guy.
I hear him on commercials and I see him on my cable TV.
Yeah, he's doing eight.
In fact, he did one of those live television spots a few weeks ago during one of the Saturday football games.
Live.
Yeah, the live spots from the Tammy Amitriot where they had the same sound.
They cut him short.
Which was pretty interesting.
I kept Dave Sawd.
He said they cut him short.
Did they cut him off at the end or something?
Well, I didn't see it.
I really didn't see every one of them, but the ones that I saw he did pretty good on.
Well, that's good.
Oh, yeah, he did a good job.
That is working.
You cannot find that.
Oh, God.
And I played it a couple of times because I was so impressed.
Remember, I played it twice that one morning because it was really great.
Yeah, I did hear it.
I did hear it.
You played it just the other day.
Gone.
I'm telling you, it's not in here.
You played it just the other day.
I know.
What's it?
What's it saying on the way?
It says don't be cruel, Elvis Jr.
What do you think it says?
I don't know.
I don't know.
CCR?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what I thought it said.
One of it has something to do with a door being open.
Yeah.
Peter, are you idiot?
Eugene Cashman said to say hi when I got in here.
Oh, good.
One of my favorite people.
It's gone.
I'm just looking.
She dropped in here Thanksgiving day.
I did she really incredible.
Well, she did the show right after you guys.
Thanks.
Mm-hmm.
And she dropped in.
She told me that she loves to follow Neil.
Whatever that means.
Let's analyze that statement.
What do you say?
Yeah, let's not analyze it at all.
Well, it's gone, Elvis.
I was just itching to play it.
Sorry.
Long gone.
So you're going to have to talk to your buddy about what happened to it.
Yeah.
Disappeared.
I'll bring it up with him.
I definitely will sort of speak.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, listen, what can I say?
It's certainly exciting having Elvis here.
We've got our jewelry sale coming up.
Things are really happening.
One more could you want.
Things are really happening.
I'll say it for her, aren't they?
Oh, good more.
Okay.
Should we take a caller or two here?
Sure.
Okay.
By the way, we did lose somebody in date County.
It was probably the guy stole the cart 620 3600.
Date County.
Hello.
Deal.
Yeah.
This is Jeff Strecker's press agent here.
Yes, Jeff Jr.
And he would like to know if you could play a song for him, he's kind of busy right now.
He'd like to hear Stroke Me by Billy Squire.
Really?
How many would?
And on behalf of Jeff and he'll make a lot.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Good luck to you.
I think he's more than his agent.
I'll tell you that right now.
That was excellent.
Yeah.
I think he was calling from our doctor's office.
You know which one I'm talking about, don't you?
But what doctor would that be?
I don't know.
Okay.
Let's move on.
Number two, it seems like just moments ago we took number two.
Since he put that painter's hand on it, he's been as useless as ears on a frog, you know.
Trying to answer these hot phones.
Oh, I know.
The phones are hot.
That's because Elvis Jr. is here and everybody made people think of Stan.
Yeah.
And I'm saying that.
Yeah.
That's what we said.
Broward County.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
It went ever happen to your CD player.
I had the same problem.
Well, I took it into that place on Griffin Road.
Yeah.
That place.
And they said in a day or two, it's going to be just like new.
How did they say they're going to fix it?
Well, they didn't exactly tear it apart and show me all the, you know, what they were going to do.
I have no idea.
The beam needs to be adjusted.
Uh.
It's like this show.
It's a little off beam.
You're not going to give it away on the show.
No, I don't think so.
You buy the quality products like Stan, your buddy Stan does.
Like, what is it?
Emerson?
Emerson.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I feel like I like filtering.
So.
Yeah.
If I get myself a new stereo, I'm definitely going to get a filter or maybe a K-Tel.
Yeah.
Uh.
Go ahead, sir.
I'm sorry.
Hey, no problem.
No, I had the same problem.
And all I did was just shove the, you know how when you press the button, it goes in automatically.
Yeah.
You just shove the thing in by the hand one time and it works great.
No, sir.
You know, it's a quarter to nine in the morning.
It's not even close to those hours that the commission set aside for indecent discussions on a radio.
I mean, this is, I don't want to probe too much to find out where you're coming from, but this is getting a little bit personal.
All right, I'll keep it clean.
Okay.
Hey, Van, away, she makes more than a hundred thousand.
Yeah, I think about 120.
Uh, at least she's still in clothes and everything else.
Good job, Elvis.
Okay.
He's always going.
Elvis, he'd be going to cut a spot.
Uh, all right.
We're not going to hear him sing.
Well, I'll have to play the other one.
I have to play the one at the Marriott, but I was hoping to play.
Don't be cruel because it's, uh, as I said, when we played it the other day, it sounds exactly like Elvis.
Yeah.
Now, do you have any venture of a guess of what might have happened to that card?
Yeah.
I think Jay Michaels got it.
No, you're getting close though.
Same, same studio, wrong times.
I think it's all right.
His show.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's.
Now he's back there.
So.
Who says?
Oh, you tell me Jay or Stan.
Hey.
Jay.
Oh, Stan says sucks.
Oh, boy.
This is getting vicious.
I like this.
Yeah, I like it.
Yeah, he comes in here and steals our Elvis card.
It's getting good and vicious.
Go ahead, sir.
I don't know.
I'm running out of material.
Oh, that's it for him.
Yeah, we are too.
All right.
You too, huh?
Yeah.
Get out of here, duck.
Okay, have a nice day, sir.
But enough is enough.
Oh, I'm going to play the other one.
Okay, it's 849, 848 somewhere around there.
It's almost news time.
And I don't know.
These newscasts today have been pretty depressing, pretty morbid.
Have they ever?
You know, off of that Mary Alito stuff
and a Cuban immigration deal and all these other, uh,
there were a couple of other really morbid into Wall Street, uh, you know,
and trying to ask about that.
No, that's depressing.
We're on FM.
Well, I've been trying.
It's about that.
Happy news.
You know, just pretend you're Scott Lezier.
Like you're a happy simple.
Now, I have to deal with what's available in the news.
I yesterday, there was plenty of happy news today.
There's not as much.
Oh, well, maybe if you'd brought the inquire back again today,
we could have some happy news.
Well, I do have the inquire, but we used most of the thing.
Of course, that is my Bible, by the way, the National Enquirer.
You know, it'll never lead you wrong.
You're just going to continue to look for that card, right?
Where could it be?
Continue and continue and looking over and over these things.
You've already looked through these things.
It's not here.
I hear Ellen.
It's 8.49.
Good job, Arlene.
Maybe we can get the current temp here.
That was loud and clear.
Oh.
You know, some people talk from like the depths of their lungs.
Arlene talks from like the depths of her cheeks.
That's why she's got such a butch voice.
Okay, it's getting close enough to do the news now.
And I apologize, and especially to Elvis,
even though he's in production,
I apologize that I cannot find that magnificent cut that he did,
because as usual, somebody came in here and got their fingers in the pot.
Well, I think this decides that we locked the studio at 10 a.m.
Yeah, and if God's it, I'm like, you know, he's going to have to get his act together.
He's been spoiled.
He's used to this being just like his library.
You know, he comes in here.
He spins that carousel.
And you know what I'm saying?
Just put it here.
But I have to get his stuff.
He's got all kinds of room and erected.
Certainly are no spots.
Neil Rogers, the rock and roll monster.
Okay, that's the news intro, because Elvis was in here.
No, I forgot to put the news intro in here.
That's okay.
He's don't like it anyway.
You don't like that anyway.
I hate it.
You know, we don't have to use anything.
Would you like that?
Sure.
Like ABC on some of their networks.
Which one is it?
Contemporary that they start cold?
Yeah.
Would you prefer that?
No.
I want to.
I'm going to get a new one.
All right.
About...
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
Hi, Glenn.
Hi.
You said like a blue Zelda, a fissure, not all.
Oh, yeah.
I like it.
I'm just kind of wondering if I've seen the movie about 10 times.
What?
You know, nothing to say what was it about, but why?
What kind of a movie was it supposed to represent?
Today.
Today.
Today.
Today.
In the movie, you think you're in the 50s, right?
Yeah, but what difference does it make?
He has no frame of reference.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the way David Lynch likes it.
He doesn't want you to have a frame of reference.
I see.
It's part of the whole mood of the movie.
Now, did you ultimately like the movie?
Very much.
Yeah.
Me too.
You know, I got hooked on that song, number one blues all over it.
I got hooked on it.
Roy Robinson's song, In Dreams.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
music. It's true. It is. Somebody understood the idea. Yeah. He talked it up. Yeah. That
was a good job. Okay. So long. I see he said goodbye and I'm too soon. Now, but that was good. He
understood the movie. Okay. Do you want to check this out after the ID? I think we could have just made
radio history. Okay. As he mentioned Roy Orbison. Mm-hmm. Just the only like fit all the pieces together.
Well, that's the only music you know. Because you remember that bag. What was your name? Paddy Murray.
Paddy Murray. Very good memory. Yeah. Memory like a hawk. The only face to match. And all I know is
that Roy Orbison, all of us aging jocks. That's right. Okay. Let's do the ID and make it legal.
And then we'll see what happened with that car. She wore a pad. Today Bobby Vinton and tomorrow on
the show. Oh, don't keep saying that. Oh, don't keep saying that.
I bet most of the people in the audience didn't recognize the voice from the little boy IDs, but he has
these split personality, you know, like 20 different personalities. So like one of them is
I wasn't at the same guy. Mm-hmm. But the oldest Harrison one. Uh-oh. What is he doing looking for a
job up here? Boy, shame on you. 903 on Zeta 4. Now, let's let this loose. Okay. And see if it was
good. Great. If it was good for us. Mm-hmm. Ah. Walking down the street. Now that would even
impress me. We just made radio history. I would even impress Ricky Tiki. Uh, impress. No,
would depress him because there's no way in the world he could match that. That sounds like you're
on his slickest day. Yeah, you're competing against the master of talkups. It sounds like to me.
Yeah. You're trying to show him up and the master of mong. That's it. That's right. Yeah. And you're
doing a hell of a job too. Yeah. We've outdone him at his own game. Mm-hmm. What is he going to do now?
Mm-hmm. Oops. I'm sorry. Wait a minute. That's okay. All right. We don't mind hearing your watch
fleet. In fact, I'm going to set mine for like the middle of the show. Ah, I just so every day it
goes off at a different time. We don't have time for you to set your watch. I just created it. We
don't have time. Oh, well. For you to adjust your time. Hi. As a matter of fact, I got a good idea. Why
don't you just ditch that one? Because on the 11th of December and just 10 days Tony Prado has got this
hot jewelry coming in here from the flea market. Yeah. Read that memo, Ryan. I read that. I read
that on here. That is one of the most embarrassing memos in the history of the broadcast industry.
Sure to go down to the anals of broadcasting. Now wait a minute. Who's that? Is that Michael Mendes?
Yeah. Who's used to work here? And Tony is here. Oh, and Tony's here too.
Cars here. Oh, that's great. I wonder what she's selling today. What are they peddling in Tony's
office today? That's the question, ladies and gentlemen. Watch all the call in the business
office right now. Do we know what the numbers are here? We've been on for eight weeks. I have no idea.
The business number. But the business number is for Zulu. Let's see. I don't have the I&Z business number.
6246101. Yeah. 6246101. Indeed. Ask what merchandise is being sold at the winds Zeta.
What are we called indoor flea market? I guess that's a trend for. Yeah. They might have some really
good hot stuff and give you some great bargains before Christmas time. And the God only knows we're
not giving any any on the log because on both stations it looks like we are out of business.
Yeah. Right. Well, hey listen, it's only 24 days before Christmas. Just told your breath in
a way. It's going to get a lot better. Well, I actually I kind of like this. It gives you sort
of a feeling of what it's like to work for, you know, public radio. Welcome to WLRN, which I
never had experienced before. Seriously, I've never seen anything like this in my life. This is
mind boggling. And they're going to have a meeting and give us some kind of instruction. I have no
idea. They're going to talk to us like they know something. Yeah. What do they know? Well,
I carry Lawrence, man. You should have heard his calls here this morning. He's losing it. The man
is irrational. He was fumbling and carrying on and making guttural sounds on the air. I just couldn't
believe that. How do you know that was Gary? Oh, I'd recognize that. It's like that. There's a
certain like psychosis in the like Tony Perkins, you know, in psycho. There's a trembling in the voice.
Yeah. That's the word you absolutely. Okay. I stay. I rest my case. Okay. Let's see. He's got
a line one on there, but that's flashing. Dave, Dave, county. Hello. Howdy. Yes, sir. I can
solve the problem of your missing tape. Okay. On Saturday morning. Oh, no. Uh oh.
So was doing a comparison. Oh, and the.
AJ, you know, I'm going to tell you something. This meat. We're going to take Peter Bulger and
Stan major. We're going to lock them both in padded cell in straight jackets and then maybe.
I'm not saying that that's any guarantee, but maybe after about a week and get through a month
and not have anything disappear out of this room. And he was cutting back and forth between the two
cuts. I couldn't tell the difference. What a mung-briss made confirms our worst fears. In other
words, why did he bring it up here and why did we play it if he was going to rip it off?
I thought it was a dub that was made for us. Didn't you think so? Yeah. Exactly. I mean,
I thought it was great. Yeah, it is great. But it's something the other part of the building now.
Oh, that's the answer to your mystery. Well, I appreciate it. What we thought. And just my worst
fears have been confirmed. Right. That's right. Okay. Another major problem. Okay. Thanks a lot.
You too. Yeah, it's going to be great after hearing about that.
You want to bet just way to let next monthly comes down. Yes, you're on the sunshine.
Be the darkest cloud in the history of the human race. Look like Hiroshima after they dropped the bomb.
Look up in the sky. It's pretty dark. It looks like nighttime.
Yeah, Arlene. That's it. I love it after nine. If you don't listen, if I give the time quite a bit,
maybe a little bit too much. But if you're one of those time intensive people who's too
cheap to buy a watch, even a Tony Prado's jewelry sale, no sweat. Because if you listen very
closely, you'll hear Arlene in the all morning long with those very good, those piercing time checks
in the background. Those are my favorites. Also the latest news and weather. Yeah. What's the new motto?
Deep down inside. You know what's happening. Oh, uh, something like that. Yeah. So blin,
oh, so blin, blin. And that's on the Jeff Stryker show. That's coming up at noon today on Zeta 4.
Rowered County. Hello. Hello. How you doing? Okay. This is the second time of call.
A call last week. I'm a seven day listener. Really? And I was or a seventh day Adventist. Okay.
I was with some friends this morning. And they heard you talk about the FM Mungbirds or
yeah, Mungrains. Free, free, freebies. Yeah. Yeah. And they did. They were really pissed off. Why?
Because what you were saying. Oh, they don't like the truth? Well, I guess that's what it is. You
see? Because everybody was calling for those tickets. But I'm glad that you said that this morning
because now I probably can get through more often because the lines won't be tied up. And then
after Thursday, the lines will never be tied up. After Thursday? Yeah. Well, that's when that
show is Thursday. So it's Thursday. Oh, you mean after the YouTube? Oh, but there's always
something else. Don't you understand? Yeah, but not as big as that. Well, yeah, but like the police
are coming. In fact, the police are coming because Captain Dave called him the other day when we're
talking about that specimen bottle. He called the police. Well, I don't want to be as crazy as that.
No, that's for sure. Well, maybe we'll rain on them Thursday. Yeah. Serve serves them right.
Yeah. Well, I was glad you said all that. You lost a couple listeners, but I'll hang in there.
What do you mean? Why? Because we're not giving anything away? Well, that's good. Hey, listen,
great. That's it. Let's weed those people out and let them go over to GTR and wherever else to
give it all is. Donald and Greg. Yeah, GTR, a woman. The one that sounds like she's talking through
the toilet. Yeah, Panty Murray. Right. Yeah. No, she's talking from down inside with the tidy bullman.
Right. Well, that's the toilet. They have a lot in common those two. Okay, I forget I call
in fact, she's got a mouth like a toilet and brains to match. Okay, listen, have a nice day.
Okay, we have an indignant little Eva fan in line. Two. Hello. Little Eva fan. Why are you
indignant? I heard what you said. Yes, I was told you talked about her today also. Okay,
I do have said that she had done. What was the song you said? Don't say. Yeah, look emotion. And
she also said something that she had done also. Don't say nothing bad about my baby. Yeah,
she did match potatoes. No, that was that was DD sharp. Oh my God. Oh, well, I guess you know,
it's just she may have made mashed potatoes. And she she may have eaten mashed potatoes. I'm sure
sure. That's right. Yeah, but she never recorded it. Okay. Oh, it was DD sharp. She had something
to do with choppy checker. Yeah, well, in the same era. Oh, God. Yeah. Okay, well, in fact,
the DD sharp also did the mashed potato time. You're right. Right? Yes. Yeah, she kind of looked,
she looked the ill. She looked like Bobby Ridell with a dark complexion. She did. She had
a place in here. The dark compared complexion. I can tell you some interesting stories about Bobby
Ridell, but it's not between midnight and six in the morning. So I'll say them. All right. Okay,
you know the kind of stories I mean. Yes, I know. Bobby had what did he do? Tallahassee? No, that was
Freddie Cannon. Boom boom. Oh, my God. You're like you really, in other words, you got the right
general time period. But other than that, you're all screwed up. You know what I'm saying? Like
Freddie Cannon did Palisades Park and Tallahassee Lassie completely screwed up. Yeah. And Bobby Ridell
did Wild One. Be Wild? No, no, not be. Yeah. Yeah, born to be wild. Yeah, we will. Yes,
Steppenwolf. Yes. Yeah, but you didn't know that Bobby Ridell became the lead singer in Steppenwolf,
didn't you? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, for the first time called this is two shocking
for me. And I heard that he was the rumor is sir that he was backed up by tab hunter.
Tab hunter and
uh
Antivine. Yeah, now you're getting
all right. Okay, now you got it. Have a nice day, sir. He finally got the message finally putting it together.
Yeah, so to speak. Mm-hmm. It's 12 and it's past nine on say to four. What would have happened to a tab hunter?
He they just released another movie. Yeah, he does movies with divine. They just released him. Oh,
he does movies with divine. Yeah, they released another one this past summer. Really? Yeah. Oh,
boy, I bet you there's something there that meets the eye. Okay, where should we go now?
Tab hunter when he was young was a pretty interesting looking guy. I'll say that now when he opened his mouth,
right that created a problem still basically the same. Yeah, kind of an airhead. Mm-hmm. But
when he was younger and he always made those western movies where he ran around with almost no clothes on
during the entire movie. Yeah, that's it. Nice to sit when I was a little kid I used to sit very close to the screen.
Where are we going next to a Broward County? Hello. Hi, how you doing today? Real good.
Good. I just called in to tell you I think you're doing an excellent job here on FM. You're absolutely
right, sir. And I'm glad you had a good time at the Fair on Saturday. Oh, it was great. I only
wished that Zeta could have been there. Yeah, you know, I heard you're talking about that and I
had seen you at the fair. I met you. My wife was sitting across from you on the pirate ride.
Oh, yeah, right. Yeah, so I was going to mention that to you that you know, walking around the midway,
there was there was nothing there for you guys. And I like like you said yesterday,
everybody that shouldn't have been there was there and the guys that should be there weren't there.
That's right. Well, that's our chief our chief of Mangler in general manager. That's their brilliance,
you know. I'll tell you unbelievable. You can say that again. Well, now you understand why I
are slogan here at wins and Zeta's we hire the handicap. All you got to do is look in the management
office and that's where we start. Well, I'm sure you know that better than myself. Trust me.
These people I see some of the cars they drive. I would never lead you down to garden pants or trust me.
At least not too many times. Right. That's right. Well, that's good. How's everything else going today?
Everything is great. We found out who stole our don't be cruel cut. Yeah. Yeah.
We are FM program director was in here making all kinds of defensive excuses until he discovered
that he was dead wrong as usual and ran out of here. A twanging his suspenders. So, you know,
I know that he wore those suspenders today. I guess that must have something to do with this
meeting. We're going to have it known because he had his suspenders on. They're going to hang them
up by his suspenders or hopefully. Yeah. Well, I'm happy that you got that that mystery solved that
major mystery. Yeah, another major dilemma. Yeah, here at W here in Kerala city. You got it. Okay,
have a nice day. All right. You two take care now. Thanks a lot. You too. You too. You too. See,
ordinarily, we would never notice that because that comes up in most calls ordinarily. Oh, yeah.
But now that there's all this YouTube friends, you by the way, if you missed the early part of the show,
we're not giving away a damn thing on this show anymore. Okay. We give away the unbelievable buttons.
Now, did you get a lot of mail on that or just a smattering? Yeah. That's the word. The mail is just
weak. I mean, what is it with you? People are you brain dead? I know there's a lot of people listening.
Sure. No question about that. But it's a different kind of it's a totally passive. Give me, give me,
give me good love and buy the crazy elephant. I remember that. Yeah. I couldn't. I just, it just
came out. Yeah. Give me, give me good love and buy crazy. It was crazy elephant. Yeah. Do we have that?
Let's cue that up right away. I've never seen that. No, you won't see that in there. It's too good.
God just called me Mark on the phone. Where'd he get that? Mark in the dark. I thought you were Mark
shans. He writes a Mark shans stationary. Does he really? Yes, he does. Are you talking about
give me, give me good love and never again? The pop up pop up. Yeah. That's it. You got it. Crazy elephant.
No, we're talking about a different one, but the one by Sonia Henny. What is he talking about?
Like, how many would there be with the same name? We're talking about psychotic reaction. That's
coming up shortly on Zeta 4, very relatable. Jeff Beck on leave. Leave this 916 on Zeta 4. Let's go to
date County. Hello. Hello. I know you're there. I'm positive. I would bet serious money on it.
Not my money. Now they're gone. Date County. Hello. Yes. I know the guy who replaced Peter
and Chicago. Okay. He was Joe Williams and he's the son of Ted Williams, the conductor of the
Boston pop. How about that? And Neil, I need to ask you a question that pop boom picture. Is this
from a girlie magazine? Yeah, it's from Hustler. I do have that issue then. Let it's no big deal
as I'm sure you saw. Yeah. It is shocking though, isn't it? Well, you know, they say about big feet.
Yeah. Well, that's got about size three feet. So that explains a lot. I don't know why he turned
to religion because if I were in his shoes, I'd be bitter at the Lord, you know. In fact, I already am.
Okay. Listen, have a wonderful day and thanks for the update. Okay. How do I see YouTube? You too. Yeah,
YouTube. From that Chicago update. Now, maybe we ought to play Peter Satira. What is the thing with
Peter Satira? I grant you he's wimpy. Yeah. I mean real wimpy. Two saccharine. No, it's not. It's
sugary. No, it's not. I think great. Now, who the hell is that that just drove in? I think that's
what's his name? I looked like Gary. What is it? Gary Lawrence got five cars now? And who is it
that drove in before? I don't know what that is. Gary. Oh, that is Gary. Okay. Scratch the nine o'clock,
nine sixteen folks come straggling in here at nine sixteen. I think he has somebody who looks like
him who comes in early. Yeah. Sort of like that. Very good point. He has a decoy that comes in about
fifteen minutes to a half hour early because he knows we keep given the time on the year and then
he makes it look good. Now, this song you wanted to play by Chicago beginnings. Yeah, it might be
a lot. I was going to say it might be a good idea to wait like about thirty minutes from now and play it.
At the end of the show, what is it about eight minutes? Eight minutes. Oh, that's the unedited. That's
the whole thing. That's a great record. With the percussion at the end. Oh, it's phenomenal. Yeah.
That's from their first album, isn't it? Chicago Transit Authority. No, no. It is a second album.
It's one of the early. It's a really. It's got it. It's Chicago. No, Chicago won. It's not
see the Chicago Transit Authority. So the second second, that's what I just said. I thought only
moments ago. Yeah. Well, what about twenty five or six till four? Is that that was not on the same
album? I think that was the one that was on CTA. That's Chicago to. What? That's Chicago to.
Huh. Now, all right. Now, what about does anybody know what time it is?
What is like Ron Harris and talking about registered a winning something? What?
What about does anybody really know what time it is? It's about nine eight seven. Yeah. Come on.
That's Chicago one Robert Lam. Bobby Lam. Yeah. He wrote it too. He wrote it. He sings it. He plays
the piano and that was before Terry Cath's spilled his brains, right? What a way to put it.
Well, is there a better way to put it about? How about Dwyer? Did he, uh, how would you describe that?
I mean, this isn't like the Howard Stern show where we play the audio tape of it over and over and
over. Oh, we don't have that. If we had it, we would. I used to have it. Did you really?
Oh, but don't do it. Bam, you know, you hear people screaming and moaning and whining and
Howard was playing it over and over. Right. Must have played it like a hundred times.
What he did was there was a woman in it who really screamed right before he did it, you know,
like, ah, yeah, and he kept playing it like that. Like that. What you do with the dentist, which is open
say, ah, Howard. So Howard. So Howard, one of those tongue-to-tongue oppressors in. Yeah.
He took that scream and he put it on a James Brown record. So we go, I feel good and you hear
the woman go, ah, pretty morbid. That's what he did. That's what the controversy was about.
He would last a long time here. 920 now and stated the Pebbleau, Colorado,
Chieftain has reinstated the comic strip Bloom County by popular demand, but they put it in the
classified sections with the controversial Dunesbury comic strip. Now the Chieftain stopped running,
the Pulitzer Prize winning Bloom County three weeks ago when in the comic strip it kept saying
Reagan sucks, but readers protested and radio stations in the area started reading the comic strip
on the air. Heraldo Rivera's latest live special is tonight. It's on Channel 6 and 29. It's called
Modern Love. It's going to be on time. It's going to talk about social and sexual practices
according to Heraldo. Now on the show will be Helen Gurley Brown, Hugh Heffner,
US Surgeon General Sea Everett Coop, and Donna Rice's former friend Lynn Armott will be on the show.
Also a live interview with Reverend Jerry Falwell, a visit to a boarddello in Reno,
Nevada, and also Nevada. Nevada? I thought that was a watch. Yeah, Nevada. Is that a watch? Sorry.
In Reno and also a visit to a Chicago male strip joint. Can you say kinky?
All right, mostly cloudy today. 40% chance of rain. High 72 low tonight, 57. It's 66 degrees.
That's data. Okay, and you thought we were going to take a break there. I could tell the way you
said that and we're not. Okay, we're just moving right along. Good. Okay, 21 past nine and it says
owner of a copy of in dreams in dreams. Is on one. I have no idea what that meant. I'll do.
Well, we'll find out. Hello. Oh, there in dreams. What? In dreams. From Blue Velvet.
More Blue Velvet stuff. I got all the Royal boys. Yeah. You know what? You've never seen
Gary Lawrence and Ricky take it together. Please. Is there a twin? And that should have pulled
up before Gary actually came in. Never thought about that very very strong possibility. Yeah.
Okay, what? Oh, that's right. The boy. Yeah, Sam. Yeah, from Blue Velvet. See, some people are
aware out there and hip and movie is just hopeless. It is not. It is. Did you sit there and you watch
a few minutes and you say, what the hell is this? Because you have to stick with it. I can't stick with it.
Okay, you have to. Well, I know that Regis Philbitt is on lifetime. I can't, you know, I can't stick with it.
Tough competition. That's right. I like. Regis. Yes. Okay, let's slam those doors a little louder. Come on.
Give it a shot. Yes. Hello, Glenn. I think you lost the show. Yeah, I think so. We lost control.
Why do we this guy here? He's out of business. I was wondering. I'm out of business. Yeah. What did they do now?
Quickly, John? I was wondering. Oh, is this John? Oh, geez. Come on. I have to hold it in a while. In a
while, at least five minutes. I was wondering if if me else taking lessons from the Pete Moon School of
Spinnam and Brett. Yeah, Spinnam and Split. That's one of my favorite desserts. Have a nice day, John.
Okay, I'm sweating. Bye. Bye. Bye. Boy, boy. We call it. 23 after nine. God's was in here. I will tell you on the air.
No, not your out of business. But if there's anything you want out of this room, get it out and find a nice
place in there to keep it every day. And then the next day you can come in and the. You retrieve it.
I know I'm not retrieving anything. Do I look like a retriever? I'm not doing any of that stuff.
But that's a way because at 10 o'clock from now on, this room is locked. Well, you mean we have to pay
for Stan's greedy little thing. Exactly. That's it. Or, essentially, because the whole.
The leader of older sticky little figures that took the book out of here too.
Do you use that book? Not often. No. Rarely. In other words, once in a blue moon. Hear the Marcel's on Zeta 4.
I'm about that. Yeah. And nobody else uses that book. But Peter is like insisted, you know,
by Scott, like he's pretending to be organized. The man is the most disorganized PD. I've ever seen
him in my life. And he's pretending that he's organized. Now, what's this meaning about today?
I think it's about the U2 show on Thursday. Yeah. I know it's not. It isn't. Well, it is. Yeah,
to set up about the logistics of broadcasting from the orange. Well, why do we have to go?
What the hell has that got to do with me? Nothing is the correct answer. I'm going to tell you one
thing. If that's what it is. And I come back here for that meeting tomorrow show.
You remember what President Roosevelt said? He said that this is a day that will live in infinity.
Tomorrow show you will everybody will want to tape and save for their grandchildren, okay?
Well, were you personally informed that you had to come to the exactly. And I was informed that Gary
Lawrence was going to be there. And Peter Moon was spreading rumors this morning. And of course,
anybody should know it's him because he's here at these important hours of the morning.
He's spreading rumors that the show is what do you say? It's about corporate stuff is in station stuff.
Corporate stuff. Are you going Jeff?
He's going to be here. What are you talking about? Now, who does your show while let me know?
That's the question. Transcribed. Oh, it's a. The retainer puts on an 80 minute cut.
Now I take my little breaks and make believe that it's long. Okay. Do you hear that, ladies and gentlemen?
Gonser will not be in there in the noon hour. And Sherry Valancy will be running the tape.
She is. Yeah. Well, that's good. While she's in there, maybe she can write some copy too.
You think so? That would be good. Hey, Waxi used to do whole weekends of programming this.
I know. They still do. By the way, don't miss the big sale.
Hey, did you get the your memo yet? Do you have to be a jewelryish?
You have to be Jewish to cash in on that. The better effect. You can get those combination Jewish
stars and cross. See, now I know what Tony Prego does all day while she's not making her spaghetti sauce.
She's no selling hot stuff all over the building. That's how she makes it. Yeah, a little
rake off because she's sure not doing anything with promotion. That's for damn sure. Okay.
26 past nine on Zeta for. Yeah, get him out now. Trust me.
And a clock man. No chance.
Broward County. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted to ask you a favor. Okay.
Yesterday I heard this. The song you played about the wheel of fortune. Yeah.
And then we're talking Spanish and stuff. Yeah. I want to ask you if you could play that today.
Vanna picked me a letter. Yeah, that's it. I'll tell you what. By the time. Where is your radio right now?
Oh, right beside me. Okay. By the time you hang up in just a second here and turn your radio back up,
it'll already be playing. How's that for service? Excellent. Okay. Have a great day. I really love your show.
Boy boy. They got to push the you got to push the start button. I did. Now you push the stop button.
I've never done that before. How about it? No. Why the hell did I do that? Well, it doesn't matter.
Is there something Freudian about that? I pushed the stop button.
Probably the pressure that's building here. Just move along because I want to tell you if that
meeting is really about the you two thing on Thursday. That's frightening what he says.
The spit is going to hit the fan. Trust me. You can go to the bank on it.
Thanks. What do you mean? Bank right on. How much money I got to spend?
Content to look at that. Say Jack again won't throw in the towers.
Still like by your powers. Oh, Vanna. Pick me a letter. Hey, man. What do you mean? There's no
F and F? Vanna picked me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream about you. Hey,
Vanna. Is that an all over? Tanner? What? Vanna, I don't understand why you make a
hundred grand. Not for me to say. Anyway, get me a ticket for an error plane.
Gonna be on the Wheel of Fortune game. I just got to win. Spend the Wheel again.
Oh, Vanna. Pick me a letter. Go, Vanna. Go, baby. Go, alright.
Hey, get out of my face, Pat. Is that a two wing? Is there an L in that word?
Is there L? All right.
Forget the letter, man. I'll take Vanna. Why are you beautiful, baby?
You and me could play the home game. Got me a ticket for an error plane.
All right. I'm on the Wheel of Fortune game. I just love that sound. I'm in the bonus
rounds. Hey, Vanna. Pick me a letter. Lose a turn. Hey, Pat. Lose it.
Vanna picked me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream about you.
All right. That isn't all over, man. Vanna, I don't mean to stare,
but are you wearing underwear? Not for me to say. Anyway, I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look. Get Pat's a jack again. Won't throw in the towel.
Till I buy your vowels. Oh, Vanna. Pick me a letter. Please, Vanna. Pick me a letter.
All right. I'm ready to pick, baby.
APCDEFGHJJK. LMOPQICWXYZ. That's your cover, man.
All right. I'll take the sofa, the blender, the microwave, the refrigerator.
Hey, man. Pat, what do you mean? $500,000, for a black and white five-inch portable TV set.
You got ripped off, man. My brother and I can get it for your whole sale.
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man. All right. Hey, Vanna, come on, baby.
Neil wakes me up in the morning.
In the morning.
Neil wakes me up with a smile.
With a smile, yeah.
Drinking my coffee, bunching on my donut.
Whips in the fur of the dial.
Get patty because you're slow with me. Whips in the fur of the dial.
Tired of you working my rules with a dialy nail.
Whips in the fur on my dial. Oh, rid of.
Neil Neil Neil, I am sweety.
Neil Neil Neil, Neil Neil, Neil Neil.
Neil Neil Neil, I will say this. You did an excellent job.
I was really good. I just surprised myself on this one.
Why don't you carry it away?
No, he did.
He really did the magnificent job of redoing it.
It's better, isn't it?
It sounds like that.
I thought that they had redone the jingle.
Which there's no way in the world this outfit would pay for that.
Can you believe he liked this captain Dave?
Well, he didn't say that.
I didn't say I liked it at all.
I said he did a good job of redoing it.
I said it did it again.
So I'm putting it together.
It is pretty smooth.
I must say myself.
Well, those are the same people singing on that that did this that Pete gave me yesterday.
Memories.
He wakes me up in the morning.
Okay.
All right, let's go to Broward County and get back with just loads of these great calls
from all these people.
And the thing I like about the callers today, they know they're getting nothing.
Okay.
Those are the kind of listeners we want.
Not these FM free loaders.
Broward County.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
That's not just this close to being completely psychotic.
Oh, really?
Yes.
Do you have one of those impossible dreams, sir?
Yes.
I heard you were the greatest talk show in the country.
That's right.
Well, anyway, when it happened, I took my kitty.
That's in the plastic, $5,000.
And you'll never dream in a million years to it.
It looked like.
You sound like the guy on the screen.
He sure does, Jim.
Who is that?
That's the man, Major.
So sweet.
It was so horrible.
My cat just popped.
It was so bad.
It was horrible.
Oh.
Yeah.
Well, it sounds like you've had an emotional experience over it.
Haven't you?
That's fairly new.
You know who was on MTV this weekend besides Howard Stern?
Who's that?
Divine.
Yeah, I heard about that.
I didn't see it.
I missed it.
You know what you looked like?
Yeah.
Yeah, he's seen.
I've seen him on David Letterman.
Oh, really?
He's enormous.
Yeah, I was going to say if he didn't know, he's going to use it good analogy, but
he might have been offended.
Oh, OK.
Well, go ahead.
I can handle it.
Are you sure?
I was going to say you looked like you and drag.
Oh, he's a lot bigger than I am.
Yeah, that's true.
A lot.
Well, he doesn't know Roger.
Yeah.
Well, in fact, one day this week I'm coming in and drag just for the hell of it.
OK.
Are you going to do the YouTube concert?
You just like totally hate them.
No, I don't hate them at all.
In fact, you know, it's really amazing to me.
I brought in, this is before anybody was even talking about the concert.
Weeks ago, I brought in my very own Joshua Tree CD that I had bought from the Columbia
CD Club.
Give it away at the children.
And I gave it away on the air, right?
Remember that?
That was back on AM.
That's many moons ago, OK?
Before anybody even knew they were coming here.
And now, why would I buy that if I didn't like YouTube?
I need to know.
He thought Bona was disgusting.
Well, he is disgusting, but I like the music.
Yeah, they're OK.
You got it?
Yeah.
OK, you're going to the concert, right?
Yeah.
OK, I hope you enjoy it.
Have a good life.
You too.
You too.
You too.
Well, Elvis Jr. is back from another pressing engagement.
There he is.
Are you going to the Me Too concerto?
No, I'm not going to Me Too or You Too, Elvis.
I'm going to the O2.
Is that right?
So how does the spot come out?
A slice of pizza.
I guess.
A slice of pizza.
Come on, Elvis Jr.
I don't think I can match.
No.
Well, nobody can.
Well, did you hear the story about what happened to our cart?
Oh, we got to call about it.
We don't know what to do with a certain individual.
It certainly might.
On the other.
Yeah.
Somebody playing it Saturday.
Yeah.
Was he really?
It was playing it back and forth with the original and doing this big comparison thing.
And of course, as usual, I didn't bother to bring it back to where it was nesting
originally, which means he probably took it out of here Saturday.
Yeah.
Wouldn't you say?
Well, yeah.
And Peter Boulder keeps insisting, oh, there's nobody in that room.
It's locked.
I guess Stan pays a lot of money for those locksmiths, huh?
He really does.
He would do that too.
You're joking, but he would do it.
He's desperate enough.
Yeah.
When you're as dry of material as he is, when the well has run dry, man, you'll be able to
sit around this studio about 130 in the afternoon, man.
Yeah.
That's a thought.
No, he could just like, he could hide in the A-track room there and he could just like
peer over the top of the window.
And as he sees somebody skulking down the hall and wandering in here and rifling through these
carts, can there be any question?
Okay.
So I guess what we'll do is we'll do, it's Niggler never.
Because we got to do something in honor of his being here, right?
And this is great.
Okay.
Not as good as Don't Be Cruel, though.
I don't think I did it that well because, uh, well, I wrote that copy right before I went
on stage that night and I used one of my dad's songs.
I was quite ready for it.
In other words, he's rolling in his grave.
Is that what you're saying?
I believe he's always going to rock and roll.
He's rocking and rolling in his grave.
In fact, we might even play Graceland too, my Paul Simon.
We can really get unlikely.
We can get carried away.
Oh, for me.
I'm not the first person here with his witty sob.
If you're so weak, but always excited.
Now I always hear him, but won't get to me again.
Paul knows when he'll look at my rear end that way.
It's a new early morning.
He's up for the night.
He's got to the federal room and it seems such a pride.
The morning will never be the same.
Paul knows when he'll come.
He's getting my third
Oh, here I am.
Oh, here I am.
Oh, here I am.
Oh, here I am.
Oh, here I am.
I can't hold it that long, there was.
I'll bet.
Maybe you can hold it for me.
Yeah, hold this.
Okay, there he is.
Elvis Jr.
And it's Neil or never.
That's great.
It really is.
I mean, you don't, you're very modest about that.
But, uh...
Well, I got to tell you the night that I was there, the band, uh...
It's like they, they weren't there.
Have you ever been to one of these J-Mikols get together?
No, no, no.
I'll pass.
I can't handle the excitement.
Too much pressure for me.
I turned around to like give him a signal of one night, you know, I, though, I wanted the
song to stop and they just didn't follow along with me like my daddy's band used to do.
Yeah.
It's almost like they weren't there, you know.
I like they were lost.
It's kind of like they were lost.
Well, they were following Jay's lead, I guess.
You have her.
You have her.
You have her.
You have her.
Yeah.
In fact, that's going to be the new name for your show, The Land of the Lost.
He's a good guy.
I guess.
A terrible show, but a good guy.
He's the party animal.
Yes, he is.
So, EJ, how do you like these Noiman mics over here on the FM?
Well, these are fantastic.
You like these?
Yeah.
I've worked with these before and studios before.
Aren't they good?
Yes, I agree.
They're fantastic.
Your favorite.
Oh, I don't know.
Yeah, I would, I would imagine they're my favorite.
Well, let's just like pretend we play Don't Be Cruel because it was so good.
I'm going to fix him so bad.
You have no idea.
I'm going to fix him.
He gave me the key to his apartment because he said like if something ever happens to him,
you know him, Mr. Paranoia, somebody should have the key.
And one day when he's on the year, I'm going to go up in there.
I'm going to take like every tape and every cassette and every videotape that the man has got the mean.
Not that tinker tinker soldier day.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that old thing.
I can take that.
I hate that.
I'm going to take that.
What is that?
I mean, hours I spent dubbing that thing for him.
That's like some stupid PBS BBC.
Didn't he watch like 18 episodes and missed the last one?
He taped them and it's like 18 hour episodes and the last 20 minutes was missing.
Betty told the story.
He's a grown man to be watching.
I bet he will, you know.
And Betty comes to town four years later and he comes up to all excited.
And he goes, guess what I got, Betty?
The last 20 minutes.
I don't want to touch them.
I bet that's what he said.
He did.
And you know what?
It turned out she wasn't interested.
At the end of the week, all I talk and not in the least bit interested.
But I can't say that I blame her.
Okay, 24 or 10 on J4.
Let's take a couple of calls and then we're going to play a long record and go home and.
If I don't think we'll even do the last news cast, do you?
I don't.
No, I don't.
Stan tells me that you leave like at nine of 57.
You're out of the building and it's going to be earlier than that.
Is that your limo right outside?
And you know what else?
We only work five days on this show.
We don't work on Saturday.
You know, he mentions that a lot every once in a while.
And like on Friday at 9.55.
See, we got all the rest of the day off Friday, all day Saturday.
That's a tough one.
And all day Sunday.
So it's almost like a three hour, a three day weekend.
You know, you live a life much like my daddy used to have.
Yeah.
Yeah, I do spend a lot of time in the job.
When you work for this company, man, you never, you never go too far.
From the nearest job.
Just don't bring in your reading material in there.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
I try to avoid it.
And I remember that I learned my lesson well.
Okay, well, we don't take the call from if we're going to split early,
we got to do the spots now.
Hmm.
Yeah, you know, is there any special?
Now, you see the problem.
The problem with that is you're assuming that the break has to be at 40 is at it.
Because we have 19 minutes to go.
Now, eight and three, my arithmetic could be a little bit off.
That sounds like 11 minutes to me.
Okay.
In other words, you're saying in other words, let me just ask you this question.
Do I have trouble getting out of here at 10 o'clock?
Are we usually within 30 seconds a minute, one way or the other?
At the other show.
Am I correct?
I was under the assumption that we either had to take it around 35 or 50.
Oh, in other words, is that the law?
In addition to the eight minutes.
In other words, you don't want us to get chewed out at the meeting today.
If we don't take the break, it won't go as a proof time.
I don't know.
What do you mean you're not going to be there?
I told you, I've got to do this.
This is an important meeting about the YouTube concert.
I had to pull out this of something really good.
Wait a minute.
Hold up.
You have to pull out.
Don't you know there's a penalty for early withdrawal?
What is this man talking about?
I don't know.
I'm really going to pull out.
I don't want to know.
Okay, now we did come on at a minute to six this morning and you used some vulgar language,
which is totally unrelated to my show.
It was before the idea.
I hope it was talking about the Christmas tree.
Whatever the hell it was, it had nothing to do with this show.
It was still part of the Peter Moonshow.
It was part of the midnight to six block.
You bet.
Maybe he should try the rhythm method.
Yeah, I think that might help.
So you're going to get out 11 minutes before the top of the hour.
Because we'll have three spots and then an eight minutes.
No, no, what we'll do is we'll do the spots now.
Like I was which I know is shocking because it actually covers like parts of two quarter hours,
which the consultants will not they will not be able to handle that.
Okay, you know, the understand what I'm saying.
In other words, we might lose credit for both quarter hours.
Now there's no logic in that because nobody's going anywhere, right?
The phones are solid.
Everything's been great, but we're taking the break at the wrong time.
That's right.
So we'll probably get chastised for that by Peter Bulger.
Notice he's got his suspenders on today because we have this big meeting.
Many days during the week lately, I've noticed no suspenders,
but during the days when we have meetings, suspenders.
Well, he's got to have something to hold on to, right?
Yeah. Well, that's about all he's got.
That's the popular rumor and plantation.
I'll tell you that.
Okay, let's take the break.
You know, we come back.
We can chat with Elvis Jr.
We can take a caller to and then without any pressure,
any of your hysteria, then we can do it.
Hey, this is Dave.
Okay, here we go.
And not only do we have Elvis Jr.,
we have a surprise celebrity standing by.
Hello.
Hey, pal.
How you doing, pal?
All right.
No changes.
Listen, is my pal E.J. there?
What's up, buddy?
Hey, pal.
How are you?
You're up pretty early this morning, buddy.
I am, man. I'm hurtin'.
Are you calling from the Ferrari?
No, man. I'm at home.
I'm walkin' phone, you know.
I'll listen to you on the balcony.
Oh, are you locked out?
No, man. I'm just diggin' the cool air, you know what I mean?
Is that right?
Yeah. Hey, listen, man.
I got a question for Glenn.
Yes, sir.
You have a picture of more beautiful guys.
Oh, my gosh.
You know, that was Sinon, Don Jr.
That was Sinon by a listener.
Isn't that interesting?
Hey, man. I got an overnumber.
Do you, Ruth?
I know she's up to no good, man.
Is that anonymous?
Was that anonymous?
Yeah, was Sinon anonymously, Don Jr.
What does he mean?
He knows she's up to no good.
And he wants to be in on that. Is that what you're sayin'?
That's it, Don.
I'm gonna say.
I understand.
You got this thing for young blondes, it sounds like.
I got a thing for anything, you're lookin' like that.
In other words, he wants to say, oh, God, that's no good.
Is that what you're tryin' to say, Don?
Hey, Jay, I heard that, too, man.
That sounds really good.
Well, I guess. Thank you very much.
Are we gonna get together and jamp out?
Oh, I...
Are you still playing down at that club in the beautiful downtown
Hallondale area?
Yeah, I am at the button south.
I'm surprised Neil hasn't stopped by there because he hangs out in Hallondale.
Yeah, they like me a lot there.
Sonny Rosenberg's throwing a big bash for me there next week.
Big bang.
Yeah, the big bang.
Yeah, they were hot, man.
Did you get together with your keyboard player and...
Yeah, we're doin' that this weekend, but...
Man, I'm serious.
I got laid up.
My arms are all messed up.
You got what?
I got laid up.
I laid down, but laid up, you know what I mean?
What happened to you?
It's up my arms, so we had to cancel last night.
Is that right?
I heard it was a riot, but you know what can I do?
Well, I'm close.
I'll go live in EJ.
Yeah, buddy.
Take it easy, pal.
And I'll get in touch with you, all right?
You got it, buddy.
You can have a...
Don Jr., you can have those pictures if that will do any good at all.
Is that a problem?
You got it.
I'll bring you one.
That'll help a lot of lonely nights, you know what I mean?
No problem, Don Jr.
You guys have a great show.
Take it easy.
Okay, Don.
See you later.
Okay, he's just like his daddy.
He's spent a lot of those lonely nights.
Yeah, yeah.
Stan will come by and keep him warm and no question about that.
It's 12 minutes before 10, and we can take a caller to here.
And man, just, you know, then we got Chicago standing by with that eight minute cut.
Also, we do have a couple of minutes.
What's cutting it down from Chicago?
Beginnings.
You can relate to that.
Of course.
I like it's now or never.
It's kind of like the same.
I also had the one that you played during the Irianc contra here.
What was that one?
Conversations or dialogue?
Something like that.
That's a great song.
Yeah, it is.
That's one of the first ones, wasn't it?
You never hear that one.
It was about, what, 69?
Well, one of the days.
One of the days.
