General temporary help while your secretary goes on her summer vacation,
then call us.
All the girl temporary services, hello?
Every all the girl has been personally drilled by Colonel North himself
in his fully trained in typing, filing and shredding.
And they'll work part-time so you won't do time.
So I need a girl who'll stop some top secret documents down her boss
but listen, she should be very loyal and a hot-looking bimbo.
Got it.
Remember, next time you need a real professional who'll cover your phone
as well as your butt.
Get yourself an Oli girl, part-time help with full-time immunity.
Okay, 108 at WINZ and all those people in the audience who are upset
because we're not caring the hearings today and we got a lot of calls.
They're all too dull, he says.
But no, that's the fun way to go with a real dull one.
That's the way the audience wants us to go with dull razor blades.
Sharp ones, you know, immediately, no pain, no problem.
But when they're dull, that's where the pain comes in.
There is so much potential in this area and the people in this state,
the majority of them are so goddamn dumb that it's unbelievable.
It's embarrassing, it's humiliating, it's debasing, it's degrading.
And as far as, you know, anybody who would suggest to you that I'm insulting the audience,
we've only got about 9% of the audience, which means 91% of the people who live here,
who listen to the radio, don't even listen to this show.
So there are about 9% of us who've got our heads on straight
and the other 91% are a bunch of morons.
Well, let's round it off, let's make it 90.
And I keep hearing all of this, see what they love to do in this town is rationalize.
Like if it weren't for the Cubans, Miami would be nothing.
That's a line that really sticks in my craw, or stick somewhere.
That is the biggest bunch of hogwash.
And again, you're supposed to lie, you're not supposed to say the truth
because then you're Cuban bashing, you're anti-Cuban, you're a hate-monger, you're this, you're that whatever.
And as I've told you, 50 million times, I don't deal with people as members of groups,
I deal with them as individuals.
Because in every group, there are the good, the bad, and the ugly to quote,
Hugo Montenegro and Colonel North, okay?
The good, the bad, and the ugly.
I wonder which of those Colonel North is, but we know one of those for sure, the last one.
Wouldn't you think with all that money that they were siphoning off,
you at least could have done something with his teeth?
Get a good dentist, call Dr. Rosa, will you please?
We got a good dentist in the Hallendale for you, Ali.
Miami at this point is like Calcutta.
It's like a hodgepodge of, I hate to say it, because you know, people will then stay there.
And we'll start with all that typical pseudo-intellectual crap about Amzina Fobick and Abyss and all that,
and about all the other cities are melting pot.
Melting pot is one thing.
But just the city of foreign intrigue and crime is another thing, and that's basically what Miami is.
And no question about it.
Basside is loaded with cars and loaded with people,
and even though they're belly-aking, because they're overcharging everybody in some of the stores
to try to make up for those humongous rents,
granted, if you want to see some action in the city of Miami, that's one place I will confess,
major I'm sure is listening.
No question.
Every time we've gone by there, loaded with cars.
But how about the rest of the, you see, when you talk about Miami,
you're not just talking about the city of Miami.
I know many of us who live in places like Coral Springs, Implantation and Sunrise,
and wherever we like to kind of in our own minds, isolate ourselves from Miami,
because we assume that Miami is not for me.
Miami is alien, no speaking to English.
It's a totally foreign country, which is why people are not going to go there to see basketball games in over town.
People are not going to go there from Broward and from Palm Beach to go to Basside.
They're not even going to the Galaria in Broward County.
We can talk about that again.
All those liars who called in two days ago and wasted all the stands gas money.
They wasted his gas allowance for the whole week.
He's going to be staying at home all weekend because you people wasted his budget gas for the whole week.
Shlumping to the Galaria to see absolutely nothing and nobody.
Oh, but it's a Thursday.
You know, it's the middle of July and there's nobody here.
Whoever heard us such a thing.
In the middle of the winter, in the dead of winter, in the middle of December or January.
You could go to Chicago or Detroit, two of the schmutziest northern cities I can think of.
And no matter where you go, it'd be loaded with people at least unless they're snowed in that day.
And nobody would say, oh, well, it's not the summer season.
It's the dead of winter and the weather, it's 20 below zero.
There's nobody here.
Nobody ever heard from such crap.
But here are the minute that the Easter bunny crawls back into the hole.
Does the Easter bunny live in a hole?
Or is he related that pig from West Virginia?
Oh, he lives in a hutch.
That's cute.
But wherever he crawls into, that's it.
Adios, Areva Durch, until Thanksgiving may be Christmas, maybe a little after sookas.
Who knows when it's going to be when they start coming back?
And how many of you can name me another American city where a sizeable percentage of the population.
And I'm talking about warm climate cities.
Do you think that a big chunk of the population in San Diego gets up and leaves in the summertime?
No.
Or Houston.
I mean, you could fry eggs on the sidewalk in Houston or Phoenix.
Major can tell you about 120 in the shade in the summertime.
Do you think that in cities like that in the summertime, a big chunk of the population just disappears?
We've got it all.
We've got snowbirds.
We've got early birds.
And sees our audio in Sergio Pereira, the man of many faces and many suits.
Very upset.
And I want to correct something, by the way.
Yesterday, I think that Sergio Pereira was the number one asshole in Dave County.
Now that's going a little bit far.
He's up there in the top five.
But number one, giving him a little bit too much credit, I think.
I got carried away because he was already making all of these comments and holding, you know, this meeting.
He hadn't even read the article.
Now the only reason I'm talking about it is because, well, everybody else has gotten opinion about it.
Nobody's read the article except the people in the newsrooms.
At those stations in town fortunate enough to have it.
We do have a copy of the weekly reader, by the way.
Our lien left it last night.
Also a little bit later on.
I asked the question yesterday.
We never got one response to it about Delta.
Would you fly Delta if you're going on vacation this summer?
They had another episode night before last.
Another one.
Yeah, I think what I would do is fly them to Boston.
They seem to be having real good luck in Boston and L.A.
My only experience on Delta was the first leg when I went to Hawaii a few years ago.
The first leg from here to Denver.
And then supposedly to L.A., supposedly.
But didn't quite work out that way because I wound up being on two planes on the ground in Denver.
Delta sitting an hour and a half on each one with malfunctions, technical malfunctions.
Finally, we were up flown to Long Beach.
This is a true story.
Long Beach, it took an hour to get my luggage.
Bust to L.A.
Put up in a hotel overnight and then flew Eastern to Hawaii, which was great.
You know, for all the ragging people do on Eastern.
It's like they've got a death wish.
I mean, it would be like the people in Rochester ragging on Kodak.
Which they don't do. They're not stupid.
But here, of course, the people are stupid.
So they rag all the time on Eastern.
I've been flying Eastern for, I don't know how many years.
I never have any big problem.
Oh, sure, there are times when a flight takes off a half hour later, whatever it is.
But generally speaking, I don't have any major problems.
I think most of their problems are between labor and management.
That's where 99% of the problems are.
But at least they land on the right runway.
You know, they say they're going to land in Alabama.
At least it's the right state.
You know, a Delta might not even be the right country.
But because Eastern is such an important component of our economy here,
it's a very popular to rag on Eastern.
See, if you just talk in general about how the town has degenerated,
then you're a bad guy.
But it's okay to specifically pick out major industries and ripen the shreds.
That's okay.
And encourage people to fly other airlines.
You know, good airlines like people's express.
You know, those airlines where they have like a little door.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like not even a gate.
There's like you go downstairs and there's a little door.
And you really never, I've always wondered where those people wind up.
Like, is there really a runway out there somewhere?
Is there really an aircraft or are they just, is that just for show?
So other people will think that there really is an airline.
It's like at the Rochester airport.
It's one of the only places in the world you get off the plane.
And hey, there's the stairs.
And you walk down the stairs.
Oh, come on.
I mean, this is 1987.
Whoever heard of walking down, you know, and the steps on airplanes are really fragile.
You know, and they have those rinky tank handrails that every time you hold them,
you know, you feel that they're going to fall apart.
I wonder if Delta has those.
No, it's serious.
I mean, that's what a Mickey Mouse airport that is up in Rochester.
You get off the plane and you get out and you go down the steps and you're on the ground.
You kiss the ground, you kiss the Pope's ring, and there you are.
Unbelievable.
Okay, 1035 at W. Y. N. Z.
I'm going to get back to a bunkie buyer and some of the other brain dead folks that we want to talk about.
And then a little later on, I want to, you know, do a couple of hours on Delta.
And then we'll see how things go and maybe we'll take some calls.
Maybe not.
Maybe we'll leave all the callers for Stan.
Especially Stan's callers.
Now yesterday, in the early part of the show, I just want to warn you upfront, some of Stan's callers must have gotten up early.
Yesterday, I could say on the wrong side of bed, but with them, it does make any difference with side.
And the rain came a little bit early as well.
So I just want to caution you if there any of those major misfits, please, Stan starts it to a clock.
Now is the top.
There are over 6,000, 21 before 11 at W. Y. N. Z.
If anybody has seen Harvey Rubin's dog, we certainly encourage you to call.
Okay.
This town is just so incredible that I could write volumes about it.
Nobody would believe it.
So I applaud the Cheryl guy, whoever the hell he is.
You know, so he lives in Tallahassee.
Who cares?
What does that mean?
And some of the statistics they say are old.
Of course, we don't have any crime now.
We don't have violent crime.
Not by regular criminals.
Most of the crime now in Miami is committed by the police.
You know, when you really come right down to it, it's almost humorous.
It's almost hilarious to stop and think about the reaction about this.
It's kind of like the Catholic Church.
You can't criticize us.
You can't say that.
In other words, the first amendment exists only so far as it comes to certain things.
But when there are other things, when the sacred cows are involved, then you can't speak.
You cannot criticize South Florida.
And you certainly can't criticize the Catholic Church or the Pope.
Very, very few other institutions.
Of course, you also can't criticize the president if you live in South Florida.
Because then you're Kamal Nista.
You're unpatriotic, etc.
And that, of course, is another part of the wonderful flavor.
The international flavor of Miami.
Is this right wing?
And I understand the article deals with this.
This right wing, this rabid insane.
I'm not just talking about political leanings.
I mean, there are places where there are a lot of liberals who live or whatever.
We're not just talking about liberal or conservative.
We're talking about people who are in a frenzy.
People who are obsessed with their rabid, blind, anti-communist,
the mentality who know nothing else.
I mean, you're entitled to feel however you want.
But when that's all consuming and you're obsessed with it, then we got problems.
And so we're not supposed to think about the Dolores Prida incident
or about all of these silly resolutions that keep putting on a ballot.
We don't allow communist country members to come in.
And of course, a Joe Caroyo who didn't want to have the Sister City's Convention here.
And on and on and on it goes.
And all of this posturing in the last 48 hours or so since they learned about this article
and they had their emergency meeting yesterday or Thursday morning, whatever day it was.
All of this posturing reminds me exactly a Bruce Singer and all those blue skyers on the Miami Beach.
It's the same thing.
They think that by continuing to its scream loudly and of course nobody's got any answers.
They're not going to change anything.
They scream a lot.
And now of course they're going to write a letter to the editor of the New York Times.
That's heavy.
Man, they're not going to take this sitting down.
They're going to write a letter to the editor of the New York Times.
How do you like that?
And all of these mavens on the beach include, and I like Bruce.
He's, you know, he never stole a freight train.
He's kind of like a schlub, but he's not a bad guy.
But he's full of it.
The beach looks like Kell on Wheels and I said that a few minutes ago.
I'll be happy to say it again. It's deadly.
Oh yeah, we got the Ovo.
Surprise. The Ovo is gone.
Club Z is gone.
The comedy womb is gone.
And the reason things disappear.
There's one reason why things disappear.
And that's because they don't make it.
And why don't they make it?
Because everything over there is a flash.
Oh, we got all these young people.
And I applaud Bob Blum.
Now Bob Blum is not a schlub like Bruce Singer.
Bob is legitimately a good businessman and has, you know, some real good ideas.
And he's got some guts, which is very rare.
And singers got some guts.
No brains, but guts.
And you can, you can just document all of this.
If you want to get in your car and you want to drive around and look at it,
or if you just want to stop and take the newspapers from the last couple of years,
look at the spring break thing in Fort Lauderdale.
It's like systematically we have a bunch of morons who are doing everything in their power
to make reality what all these articles are saying.
So what's everybody upset about?
They should be applauding.
They should be delighted.
Because everything that they're working so feverishly to make happen is happening.
I mean, if you think Calcutta is a world-class city, then I agree.
We're a world-class city.
No question about it.
We have world-class crime, world-class criminals, world-class mafia.
You name it. We got it.
And as far as people comparing it to New York,
what is the comparison?
I have to laugh when I hear that kind of crap.
I heard somebody this morning talking about that.
Oh, well, New York, you know, the New York Times, what business have they got?
New York is so full of crime.
And of course, but this is supposed to be a tropical paradise.
And I challenge you.
I challenge you to go to Honolulu and to go to Waikiki Beach to go to a real tourist area,
to go to Vegas.
You don't have to go all the way to Honolulu.
You don't have to sit in Denver on Delta for three hours waiting until they're ready,
even when you are.
Just go out to Vegas and see the difference.
I'm not just talking about the rudeness and the way people are treated.
I'm talking about the fact that people are doing business.
Things are going on. There's excitement.
Remember that family building the legislature?
What happened to that?
Governor Martinez, Governor Dracula, vetoed the bill.
That's the kind of state we're in.
And oh, yeah, sometime between January and April of next year or the year after,
we're going to get the lottery.
Sometimes somewhere down the road.
I wouldn't be too surprised.
I mean, it's only the middle of July between now and then they could screw it up good.
By the way, did you see one of the people who offered his name,
who wanted to be considered to be the director of the state lottery?
Did you see one of the people who wanted to be director was Ralph Rennick?
And who was one of the outspoken people against the lottery and casino gambling Ralph Rennick?
You know what that would be like?
That would be like if they passed casino gambling next year.
And Dick Capen of the Miami Herald then wanted to be the state director of gambling.
That's what that's like.
Oh, yeah, they have a logo for the lottery.
Yeah, it's a little picture of Dracula sucking tax money out of the next of taxpayers.
He's biting somebody's neck and pennies are falling out.
And we can sit here and you know, it's very depressing to me because I know a lot of the people in this audience voted for casino gambling.
It's a dead issue. I don't really want to get into it.
But I bring it up only for the fact that it's not that the answers aren't there for the problems of this community.
And you know, all those people who say, well, this is a residential town.
It's not like it was years ago. This isn't the tourist town anymore.
Whoever heard us such a thing.
With the tropical climate and all these beaches, what are we supposed to say?
Well, like they did in the Eden Rock that 84 year old guy a few years ago put up a sign tourist go home.
I mean, we've got all the attributes for it and everybody wants to come here because they're freezing their tushies off of North for six, seven months out of the year.
But hey, we don't need that anymore. We're becoming a world class city.
See, when in doubt, when you're desperate, use one of those clichés, world class city.
We're in.
We have world class morons here.
And most of them hold public office.
But you see cities like New York and Los Angeles and Chicago and San Francisco and Philadelphia.
They're tourist cities. They do tremendous tourist business.
But they also are cities where there are other businesses that are going on.
There's manufacturing. There's a lot of industry. There are all kinds of things going on.
Of course, we could talk about the movie industry out in Los Angeles and we kept hearing the movie industry was going to be big here, right?
Until the governor helped to chase them away.
Rarely a day goes by that we don't have another story about how the booming film industry in South Florida is right on the ropes in jeopardy because of the new tax.
You see one of the things in this state that amazes me is that anything like natural that you just inherit the people here can find a way to screw it up.
I mean, if it's just there and you can go out and take it, they'll still find a way to screw it up.
As opposed to being able to exploit it and you know, profit by it.
So tomorrow morning when you get up one of the first orders of business, those of you who don't, you know, don't have the 50 bucks for the newspaper.
To subscribe every week, go out to your new stand. I mean, there are at least three of them in South Florida or to one of those coin boxes and pick up the Sunday times.
What is that? Not in coin boxes on Sunday. Are you sure? Like I said, forget about the coin box.
Are you positive about that? Boy, that's depressing. Well, in that case, you'll have to drive around for a couple of hours.
It'll be a good excuse to take the South Florida tour that I'm always encouraging you to take.
There's not enough space for all the coins. That's true. And you have to put in $30 worth of coins. It's kind of difficult.
But you'll find a new stand somewhere and you'll be able to pick it up. And then you can read all of this terrible propaganda.
You know, from the people who have actually read the article, most of them say, you know, even though they're like the picture that's a phony picture and so on, you can nitpick with any article.
I mean, we can't all be perfect like traffic magazine articles are. You know, we can't be fair and accurate.
And by the way, if the what's that guy's name, Gene Winegarten, that moron who's the editor of Traffic Magazine, is he still there?
I still have my hair, okay? I mean, there may not be a lot of it there, but I still have some hair. I know that comes as a shock to you.
We can't all have as much hair as Mr. Capen. The bold atheist homosexual Jewish douchebag tacos.
We can't all be, you know, fair like traffic magazine. Nobody's perfect except the Harold.
But as I started to say, most of the people have really read it. It's a hey, you know, basically it's not a bad article and it's pretty fair.
And it does show a lot of the positives and it talks about the new basketball team and Bayside, you know, the guy tries to balance it out.
But don't confuse the city, the powers that pee, be with that. They don't want to hear from that. All I know is that somebody has said some bad things about us and right away they're Miami bashing.
What they're doing is they're telling the truth about an area that's turning into a toilet.
And I've been telling you that for the last seven years. And as for this miraculous recovery and this great turnaround and all this other stuff that they keep talking about the last 48 hours,
I don't know what they're talking about. Is it the metro rail, the people mover, the basketball arena.
And then all these, all these little brats, all these spoiled sports, not all upset because they can't all sit on the 50 yard line in the new stadium.
The new stadium is the most beautiful damn thing that's ever been in this town.
When you go up to Calder this afternoon to Punger Brains out, go up there on the fourth floor in the clubhouse and go outside on the roof garden and take a look.
You can almost spit at the stadium. And of course some of the season ticket holders would like to do that.
No, I mean, this is a place where you can no matter where you sit, you can actually see the game.
And of course, we've got a lot of phonies here. They don't really want to see the game. They just want to be able to tell all their friends and all the people in the office, oh, I got seats on a 45 yard line.
Even though of course it's behind a pole in the orange bowl. I can't see anything.
So I'm very, you know, when there's something good that happens here, I'm delighted like the new stadium.
I think as much as Joe Robbie may be a douchebag, I'll say this, there are damn few other people, especially with all the adversity and all the crappy staking from the politicians and all the heat he said to take.
There are a few people who would still be here with that team.
There are a dozen cities that would love to have Don Schule and the dolphins right now tomorrow before Sookas.
And how long will it be? How many games will they play before some people find excuses as to why it's no good?
That's the thing that I've never been able to figure out when something is garbage. When a real lemon comes along like the metro rail, everybody comes along.
Hey, this is the greatest thing since they invented mozzas. You know, it's fantastic. It's great. I mean, you had to be a moron when they started when they started making the first pillars for the metro rail.
We used to go out and watch them crack every night. That used to be the big exciting thing to do. Sometimes they go out and they watch and make bread.
Here we'd go out and watch the pillars cracking on the metro rail and sure enough, they had to report most of those pillars and redo them.
And I'll never forget the night that we did the show a couple of years ago when we had the guy who was the head hauncho, the supervisor of the whole construction project.
He said he wouldn't write it no matter how much they paid him.
But everybody in the media loved the metro rail. It couldn't get enough of it being a shule in this time. And it's the number one thing being a shield covering up all the inadequacies, all the problems and just pretending everything's marvelous.
But having the balls to really point out and identify the tremendous insanity that goes on here.
If it weren't so pathetic, it would be funny like the thing would spring break. All of those idiots who said, hey, listen, we don't want all those kids send them away.
They did everything in their power to get rid of them. Now they've gotten rid of them. And just as I said, I said it right on the year I said, what are they going to replace it with?
Just like the people who were anti-cassino gambling and I kept saying, okay, give me an alternative. What else are we going to do to compete with Orlando and with all these that with the Bahamas? What do we do? Nobody had any answers?
Well, we had the little fishing boats with Howard Kaufman. Remember the little fishing boats and we had the night beach bathing.
Jaws five with Howard Kaufman. Talk about an idiot. And maybe we can make some little mini buses and we can take people on junkets from a South Beach up and they can see the picture on this side of the fountain blue building.
And then we can turn around and go the other way on Indian Creek Drive and take them back and they can sit on the steps and they can rock back and forth and they can wait to die.
And that's what's going to be in Fort Lauderdale pretty soon. You know, all those little motels on the strip there on the side streets were generally there.
A lot of young people five to ten years. Man, it's going to be just like the beach. You're going to start seeing all springing up all these retirement homes.
So we can make Fort Lauderdale into a gigantic nursing home. Then wait till you see the line at Sadie's buffet.
Oh boy. All the way from all the way from A1A to Sadie's buffet.
You know, when we used to have spring break here, you couldn't drive on A1A because there were all those crowds of young people.
Now you won't be able to drive because there be crowds of old people. They'll all be out there with their walkers and it'd be great. It'll be terrific.
Now they can jay walk across university drive.
1055 at WR&Z. We do have another break to do. So let's do it.
It's the first time ever and it's making a Hyundai history at Gulf St.
You know, where was Oli North when we needed it, right? Where was Oli North in 1959 and 1960 when we needed them so we could have convinced all of those Cubans to stay there.
They could have become countries, freedom fighters in our own country. Stay there and fought the commonistas.
Instead of invading and turning this into a foreign country and there are a lot of wonderful Cuban people out there.
There's the disclaimer that we always have to give, you know, less IB chastised for generalizing.
And I've always said that. But the idea that Cubans made Miami is a lie because the influx of all of these boat people has prevented this from being the kind of great city that it could be.
And I underline American because Miami by any barometer by any stretch of anyone's imagination is not an American city. It's a foreign country. It's a banana republic.
I mean, when they took the city seal and they put you key this picture on it, I mean that should have given you an idea right there.
Jim Lonies here with local and area news headlines next the world news from CBS upcoming at the top of the hour.
And then we'll come back with our number two at 11.0.5. 11.06. Somewhere around in there. You know, a little bit after the top of the hour and Stan Major and his communist frogs will be along from two to six this afternoon.
Sweet cash.
Hey Rosita. I have to go shopping down down from my motor. She needs some tortillas and chili pepper.
The sounds of a world-class city, ladies and gentlemen.
And then we'll talk about it.
Middle. Sweet water.
11.06 at W Y and Z were back for our number two and there's one other aspect of this whole thing because everybody wants the New York Times thing comes out tomorrow.
Everybody's going to be talking about it. So it's good that Fred shots is going to be here on Monday because we won't talk about it.
Then Tuesday when they're all done talking about it, then we'll talk about it or not is the case may be.
Did I say anything about anybody calling this show?
I didn't ask anybody to call. See the one thing I've discovered in 11.5 long, long, long years.
And I say this almost every day, but it's a constant reminder is that when you want people to call because they're anti-social to begin with, when you want them to call, it's always there's always that tooth pulling kind of thing you got to go through.
When you don't want them to call me into phone lights up like a Hanukkah bush constantly look at that all seven lines going nuts.
What did I do?
I say, hey, now would be good to oh, I know what it is. The tea lady on the card gives the numbers out.
I've never been able to figure out why they do that on the cards like in the intro to the show on all these talk shows they give the phone numbers out.
I can give you the phone numbers. They're very simple. They're only two of them first of all and they're very easy to remember and there's no problem.
Oh, the Broward calls are probably for the plant guy on IOD or Jim Mandage, one or the other.
I think what they ought to do one day over there. I think it would be fun for them to do sports talk 24 hours one day just for the fun of it. Wouldn't that be great?
They could talk about even the Miami tropics.
Now come on Joe. Joe Zagaki has let the tropics down. I think that when Joe is on again you want to talk about the Miami tropics on a because you've let them down.
Nobody knows about them.
I must confess that I was embarrassed because I sat there and I'm reading that newspaper and I felt like I was in a different town.
I said there's no such team as the tropics. Did anybody ever hear of them?
So the article was going on about the fact that they only drew 300 and some odd people. Wouldn't it be probably nice if somebody knew that they existed?
Not that the United Basketball League is probably going to make it any way that anybody really cares, but wouldn't it be interesting?
If somebody knew that they existed that would probably be a good start.
I also see I'm a little bit nervous for Ron Fraser by the way.
I'm a little nervous for Ron because on the front page I think it's on the front page of today's hero.
See one nice thing one of the perks about working here is you can get the hero for free and since I don't get it at home it's for yeah it's the bottom right hand corner big picture.
Castro greets us all stars and here's a picture of Fidel.
I don't know who this one kid is who's got his hand up in the air but Fidel is pointing at him.
Now there are a lot of things that I can assume I'm not really sure about Fidel you know he never be too sure about a crazy Cuban.
To the cheers of 30,000 spectators Castro left his seat walked into the American dugout and shook hands with US coach Ron Fraser and the other Americans spoke with the players for about five minutes.
And I like Ron a lot he's one of the real he's a breath of fresh air if you pardon that expression and otherwise depressing town.
But when Ron comes back he may have a little bit of problems next season over at Mark Lloyd Stadium because now that he has shaken hands with Fidel Castro in the minds of some he may be tarnished.
Fidel wants a contract with the Yankees and a kid knows George Steinbrenner who is probably one of the most objectionable human beings on the face of the earth George Steinbrenner.
And I say that with no reservation whatsoever but getting back to this whole diet tribe that you know it's it's compulsory everybody must go through this because we you know the powers that be discovered ahead of time that this article was coming out.
Just like the time magazine article back six seven years ago paradise lost the article was absolutely truthful it was a very in fact if anything it was an understatement it was a very accurate reflection of what a toilet this town had been turned into by the Murray all boat lift.
And the Jimmy Carter River come back and apologize no.
Instead of writing his memoirs what he should have done was come down here moved into little Havana or moved into South Beach.
Could have brought his brother along they wouldn't have had to wash the buildings anymore Chris Billy is off all of that now he's clean now.
He still occasionally tinkels outdoors but he's not drinking you know one step at a time.
Every time this happens we get the same reaction and I get the same reaction and I know some of you are just waiting dying to ask the question so I'm going to beat you to the punch.
Because they ask me this every time you know and they ask everybody this question if you don't like it here why don't you get out.
I didn't say I didn't like it here if I didn't like it here I'm sure there are plenty of other places I could get a good job make plenty of money.
And actually talk to living and breathing people who are anxious to talk to you who are not anti social.
But I do like the weather I don't like freezing my Tushia for eight months out of the year and when I went to Rochester a couple of weeks ago in the middle of the summertime and it was cold and bitter and rainy and windy and nasty I said wait a minute.
When does the good stuff come when is the summertime and then I remembered it's about three days in late July and early August and that's it.
But when you live somewhere and you care see if it's only for me if it's only selfishly doesn't make a lot of difference to me because whether we have casino gambling or not and I was accused of having all kinds of interest I was being paid off and I was going to be the casino commissioner me and the capon I guess going to be the ca see all of this crap I have no vested interest in it.
But wouldn't it be nice instead of people every weekend go to the Bahamas to all those fakers down there that stand exposes very accurately every day or having to fly all the way to Vegas which is so so far away.
Or God forbid go to Atlantic City which is an absolute toilet wouldn't it be nice to be able to right here in our own community have some action have some fun and bring back the big name entertainment see the idea of bringing back the old days as people you know reopening old restaurants with the same name.
With garbage I don't want to mention a particular restaurant in Dania that is you know looks very closed and dark to me but that's people's idea they're going to bring back the past you can't bring back the past the past is over with finished I read the arch.
But you can certainly start over again you can say hey listen we've got an opportunity to really do things here like they do in Orlando I mean Orlando is one of the one of the.
Slimey is little town you could ever imagine it's a it's a.
Filthy slimey disgusting place with a bunch of Yahoo red necks.
So what does that say about us.
I mean if they've been able to do what they do they've got that beautiful new airport.
And they're building business building that big movie complex and they just keep expanding and expanding and doing all these incredible things while we sit here getting peal because people are writing bad things about us so we're going to write a letter to the editor of the New York Times.
That take this.
And of course once we write the letter once they put it in the mailbox that'll make everything improve right.
And all of a sudden the cops will all be honest and the politicians will stop buying stolen suits and everything will be great and people will come back to the gallery and the kids will come back to a one a and everything will be wonderful again like it used to be see when you've lived here for any period of time and you've seen the rapid decline you know some of the Johnny come lately who's been here a couple of years ago.
And all of a sudden they're instant mavens on what this area is as I said before you have no perspective to judge by.
If you go right now to New York City for the first time in your life.
I guarantee unless you're unless you're a dodo bird you're going to think boy this is an incredible and exciting this is man this is phenomenal.
And yes it still is an exciting city and there are a lot of things to do there but it's a toilet compared to what it was 20 years ago.
This is urban blight urban decay rot crotch rot that's what's happening in a big cities around the country.
Crotch rot.
The better sent them that under gear under garment catalog.
But when you have an area that's got all the natural beauty and all of the natural attributes like we do and when the federal government spends millions and millions of dollars to rebuild the beach that washed away and it give you a beach that looks like the Sahara desert.
And you still can't do the right things.
I beg you I'd be seat you if there's anybody who doubts what I have to say because a lot of people in this town they live like in they live in fantasy land they live in Kendall or they live like I do in plantation.
And that's that's basically where it's at you know they just stay with an a relatively small radius of wherever they are once in a great while or drive down to base side or whatever and that's it.
So they don't know what the hell I'm talking about.
But take the trip I beg you.
And you can do it on the weekend if you like but the best time to do it during the week like on a Tuesday.
On a Tuesday as Bruce Williams would say take the trip go down to South Beach to where that big they were bankrupt for a while now they're back in business maybe next week who knows what the story is with that what is that South point towers or something.
And start right there and go north on Collins Avenue and look at the Lucerne and the Atlantic towers and the Versailles and just.
Just scream.
And that already is getting up into the 40s now you know when you start way down in the end you have to go through all the South Beach but go all the way up and look at the denys where Wolfies used to be I'm Lincoln road mall.
And look at where the Wolfies on 21st Street is now and look inside and see the three derelict sitting inside the couple of drunks slumped over.
And the waitresses pulling their pulling off their aprons running out and resigning in the middle of the afternoon screaming and yelling bloody murder.
And dread and then drive up of course through the concrete canyon where it all looks very wonderful there for about what 10 blocks 10 15 blocks until the road turns again and then you're in for a real treat.
And you can go all the way on a one a with the exception of Bal Harbor which of course you know most of us can't afford to live in Bal Harbor.
We can't afford to shop there because you even have to pay to park to go shopping there but with the exception of a couple isolated areas you go all the way up there.
To Galto Shemail went bankrupt right how far do you go before you finally see I guess to Boka right all the way to Boka.
And when you get to North Miami Beach that's why I'd like you to take special interest where the castaways used to be there's a big fence there now.
Big wall here we keep building walls you know what was all of this crap about the Berlin wall they were screaming about a couple of weeks ago we got walls in for a lot of day we now have a wall in hell and they'll keep these senile people from going out and doing kamikaze routines in the middle of the street.
We build a lot of walls because we're trying to hide the shame of what we've become.
So don't give me that if you don't like it here why don't you leave I like it it's okay the weather's great I like called a racetrack got a good job I've got some friends here that's fine I have a beautiful house.
But boy this area is so far short of what it ought to be and the fact that our community leaders in their infinite wisdom would rather lie to the public and lie to themselves instead of saying hey boy we got a long way to go we ought to do something.
That's that's answers the problem right there that explains why we've come this far.
And the other thing I'll just mention it briefly I mentioned before about delta now I'm not going to be going on vacation again for another five months till about Christmas time so I'm not you know delta doesn't need me and I probably wouldn't fly them anyway.
I wouldn't fly delta if they paid me to fly in other words if they paid me the airfare to go on the airline.
And when you watch the representatives of delta getting on the news the last few days and saying you know shaking their heads well human air human air there's no other answer for it.
I don't know about you I'm not that crazy about flying to begin with I'm not all it doesn't bother me as much as it used to but I'm always a little edgy because I know that my life isn't somebody else's hands it's like letting somebody else drive I don't like that I like to drive myself.
I'm not too comfortable being a passenger in somebody else's car because I like to have my own destiny in my hands.
In the idea that somebody with an IQ of over three there are people still getting on those delta jets every day what do they have to do they have to have a couple of them collide head on.
Before some even that wouldn't do it would it it still get on there.
Okay let me give the numbers out because invariably you know we get to that time when it's time to take our lives into our hands as I just said.
Okay 25 past 11.
Would that be good? Hey we get if I could promote that not on a weekend though we can do that on a weekday show what I was going to do is light my head with this butane fuel that somebody sent with this beautiful lighter and then just you know flip the lighters see what happens.
Okay let's go to your calls now they're just lit up like a Hanukkah bush and I can I told you at the beginning of the show today don't expect much tonight tell you that so don't get your hopes up Miami Beach hello.
I'm calling into agree with everything you're saying and to tell you that I'm going to be your first one at the box to buy a copy of the New York Times magazine tonight and see what my friends are reading about.
You know one thing that you're that you've been saying that I really agree with and I want to emphasize is that the one mistake that's being made is they're trying to recreate the past.
If the past were so good the president wouldn't wouldn't be like it is well you know it doesn't really make any difference I'm sure that there were things in the past that were great but you can't recapture the past.
One of the worst human exercises is living in the past and I know a lot of people like that and they fritter away their whole lives living in the past and once the past is gone and I've discovered this through you know the hard way but once it's gone man it's gone and you know you have to look to the present in the future and you can't bring recapture some wonderful nostalgic thing from the past.
Well there tends to be there's a tendency down here towards superficiality and a fast buck and I think that a lot of the hotels not casinos and resorts and restaurants and so on and so forth and even a lot of the service industry down here that was developed during that hey day was really a bit of a flim flam and that's why you're left with this decaying infrastructure down here.
There's hardly anything left to build on it is if those of us who are looking ahead to the future have to really start all over again.
Well okay but you say there's hardly anything left to build on it's not that many years ago that we still had it's you know I've only been here 11 and a half years and that when I first came here was still after the peak of the hey day but when I came here it wasn't so bad and there was still plenty of activity in the beach and spring break was at its peak and the castaways and all those places were still there and there was a lot of work.
There was a lot of activity and this game Boulevard wasn't as bad as it is now I mean you know there were hookers and everything and basically what has happened is the same thing that happens in the urban cities you see this flight to the suburbs the only problem is here that we've got all suburbs and we have no core city I talked about this few weeks ago.
There is no hub there are just unrelated little bedroom towns and this is where everybody's gone and they keep fleeing and running farther and farther because of the blight that exists in Miami and for a lot of day.
Well it's like any illness the illness started quite some time ago and what we're seeing now is the aftermath of devastation.
I mean I still think that the profit motive is a big factor I mean there's so much done down here is done for a quick buck and it results in not looking for the long term needs of the community.
Yeah well there are a lot of bad business people here let's put it that way and I've said this ever since the first day I came here the way that people do business in this area just astonishes me.
I mean I told it very quick story the other day about going into two guys restaurant for lunch and I'm standing there and standing there and I'll be right with you and she's buzzing away on the phone and she and there's nobody in the place she finally sits me down and she throws and I mean literally throws in a very nasty way the menu on the table and walks away with a peal look on her face.
Now that's really a great way to invite somebody to come back.
I thought that was part of the attitude that was you know it was that horny desirable attitude here I'll be mean to you so you'll love me and feel it.
Yeah the SNM attitude right.
I assume you're you're talking about a restaurant that was once one of your sponsors not too long ago weren't they?
Would a relatively famous restaurant tour?
Yeah.
Sorry it's liquid of tongue looking at it.
Relatively infamous yeah.
Hey listen keep up the good work and keep the oldies off the air.
We're doing our best.
Okay bye bye.
Okay the oldies are with the old what's his name they're offered waxy 29 past 11 at W.I. and Z and open line and date 624 940 North Miami.
Hello.
Hello Mr. Rogers.
Yes ma'am.
Good morning.
I only wanted to cue you in on the fact that for those people who cannot afford to buy the Sunday times tomorrow every public library in South.
Now I am a South day South Broward and Palm Beach County carries the Sunday editions on Monday morning.
Great.
So they can see it for nothing.
Good.
Thank you sir.
Okay.
Well that'll be great because here everybody wants something for nothing so I'm sure a lot of takers on that.
Crawl Springs hello.
Neil how are you?
Okay.
Good.
You were talking about New York City about a couple minutes ago.
Yeah.
Did you say catch rat or crotch rat?
Crotch.
Okay.
All right then thanks a lot.
I like Ed Codd.
Okay.
Yeah I do too.
He's a terrific man.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Best Myerson used to like him too but you know he's trying to distance himself at this point.
1130 at Wion Z we have an open line in Broward.
524 9400 North Miami Beach.
Hello.
But Neil?
Yes.
I just where do you think the people?
Oh boy.
Call the people are going to park when they have a stop.
Oh boy.
When are you going to stop?
Okay.
When are you going to stop?
All the people from the beginning.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Okay.
Okay let's slow down.
When are you going to stop?
I'm telling you the truth.
You're going to stop belly aching, Saul.
When are you going to stop?
I'm telling you that the people from Calder are from the...
Can I ask you a question?
I could call there.
Do you like anything?
Yeah I like to go to the racetrack on Sunday without the dolphins.
It seems parking in the parking space where I won't be able to park it.
Calder.
All right you don't like Joe Robby.
You don't like Don Shula.
You don't like, I'm sure you don't like Moreno.
You just don't like the dolphins isn't at the bottom line?
I don't like the organization.
I don't like the rip off that they're doing to the public.
With the prices and with the...
Here the man takes the responsibility.
After he's been jerked around by the city for how many years
takes the responsibility of going out and financing his own stadium,
builds a state-of-the-art magnificent stadium in a podonk town
that doesn't even support his team and you're still bitching.
I'm saying that the people from the board game are going to be parking
at the Calder racetrack for a lousy dollar
and the people that go to Calder like I do every Saturday in sunny
with some more my way right now are going to be able to park
at Calder racetrack and there's going to be some of the lot of scuffles there
and I don't know what the Calder people can do about this situation.
It's going to happen.
Well Park Valley for Crano Lollagai Doof for lousy two bucks.
Come on spring for a couple of bucks.
All right Park and don't be parking at Valet Park.
What do they care?
And no state there for a clock.
They'll come back and get their car from Valet Park.
It's not going to be a big scene out there.
When they have a big race or something on a Saturday in sunny
or what do you think that we think I'm going to park even Valet
I won't be able to park because all the people from the board game
will be parking in and walking over to the stadium.
And if you don't think that's going to be a problem
then you got another thing coming to you.
You just think about it.
You ask me.
All right. I got the solution to the problem.
Okay.
Yeah, you tell me.
WIOD is the Dolphin station.
They're very, as you know, they have this incestuous relationship with Joe Robby.
Okay.
All they got to do is take the jet copter on a weekend.
They're not doing anything with it and they can provide free transportation
to and from the track.
1132.
I mean, they spend a half a million dollars for it.
They might as well do something constructive.
You know, when Clarence is back in the Everglades on a weekend.
We have a, I mean, that is Saul who just called.
The name is Saul.
He calls. He's called me for years.
And you know, the guy is just, I don't know what to make of him
because there's something about him that just is so emblematic.
Of all of South Florida.
I mean, yeah, there are a lot of things that I'm upset about.
And I spend an hour and 20 minutes telling you about him.
But I don't dislike everything.
I mean, if there's something positive that comes along that really legitimately is,
is a plus like the stadium.
Hey, great.
All right.
So there's going to be some parking problems.
It's like the people who said, well, we don't want casino gambling.
Where's everybody going to park?
Isn't that terrible that we should have so many tourists that we have to worry about
building new parking garages?
Isn't that just the kind of problem that every tourist town would love to have?
Because no, we know that we have to have the Atlantic towers
and all those other empty, beautiful buildings, all those eyesores.
We need those there on Collins Avenue, right?
Do you realize if they tore down about 10 of those buildings,
they could build enough parking spaces there for 20 casinos?
Pompano, hello.
Hi, Neil.
I happen to agree with you.
I was born and bred in Miami Beach.
I live in New York now.
I still have a place down here.
And as you know, I'm down here right now.
I happen to agree with you as far as Miami Beach is concerned right now.
If that knocked too long ago, I had a conference at the Omni Hotel.
The first word that was given on arrival at the Omni was,
if you're going to go out, drive.
Do not leave the hotel by yourself.
Yeah, don't leave on foot.
That's right.
And when you're in the car, lock the doors.
That's correct.
Those were the first words upon my arrival at the Omni Hotel.
That in itself speaks for the whole situation.
As I say, I come from New York.
I agree with you.
What's happening in Miami is happening in all the big cities.
I do a tremendous amount of traveling.
Probably the only city that I find on the East Coast has done anything to any degree
is beautiful downtown Boston, which is trying to bring itself back to life
by tearing down and rebuilding.
Other than that, no.
Nothing.
Do not be.
I happen to agree with you.
I think you come across very intellectually.
I enjoy your program and you.
And when I come down here, my radio is automatically set on your program
and I look forward to it.
Okay, I appreciate it.
I appreciate it.
Good hearing from you.
I mean, it's easy to say, well, we've become a big city.
So therefore, we automatically should expect all the urban problems
that any big city experiences.
And that's garbage.
That's crap.
It's been through the laxness of the powers that be in Dave Broward
and in Palm Beach counties.
I mean, if you could see West Palm Beach, I worked there 12 years ago.
And I'm going to tell you that was one of the best years of my life.
It was a great place.
I mean, it wasn't New York and it wasn't the Vegas with casinos and all kinds of excitement.
But it was a nice place to live.
And it was clean and it had great restaurants and a lot of activity and a lot of people and great beaches.
That city looks like they had a war there and the media failed to report it.
That's what it looks like.
I can't believe what that town looks like.
What now?
Kyle is up there getting the razor blade sharpening.
What now?
Just more dummies?
Stan comes on it too.
Don't you understand, folks?
Okay, we have an open line in each county.
And Dave, 624, 9400 in Broward, 524, 9400 and we'll come back right after this.
Have you tried to get a good deal on a Cadillac lately?
Well, take a look at some of these ads.
Well, here's one dealer who says he's number one.
Here's the 24 news.
Wait.
So I don't want it on it on it on it on.
I mean, there's no discussion of situations or defense.
22 minutes before noon at W.I. and Zieg, let's go to plantation.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hi, Neil. It's Richie from Plantation.
How are you?
Okay.
I just have to tell you something real funny.
My wife and my child are out here.
We're sitting in our backyard looking at how beautiful this is up here, right?
And I'm leaving this afternoon at 330 to go up to the sewage of New York for business.
And I'm also flying down to airlines.
You're making me a nervous wreck out here.
You know?
Yeah.
I don't want to make you nervous, Richie.
Neil.
Yeah.
Did you ever go to that restaurant and I told you to go to P. August?
Have I been there?
No, I haven't been there yet.
Oh, yes.
No.
All right.
I always have to tell you to go up there.
Anyway, you want to hear a funny story?
Go ahead.
All right.
I'm standing out here waiting for, you know, to talk to you for like 20 minutes.
And I have to take a walk from the chair and I'm standing by the pool.
And the sun just broke through the clouds.
I put my face up to the sun.
And all of a sudden, my legs went out for a month to be out of the water.
And then my sun's a star.
I'm standing here on a portable, far-waited to talk to you and I'll fall on in the pool.
That could be an almond, Richie.
What do you mean?
Delta's ready when you are.
Give me an almond of things not to come.
Well, listen, you always wanted to visit Newark anyway, right?
No.
Anyway, so what do you think the solution is to South Florida?
I don't have any more solutions.
You know, we already had the chance.
We had a chance, you know, with a snap of the finger to turn this town around.
You know, and I don't want to mention those dreaded words because it's a dead issue.
That's right.
But we already had the chance and in our infinite ways, then we said no way, Jose.
What the crazy thing is, is really one unbelievably positive thing that this area has.
And that being the Miami Dolphins.
You know, since 1972, they've been a pretty good asset to the community.
No question about it and everybody wants to bitch about them and they don't support them.
And right now, everybody's upset because they don't have the exact seats that they had in the biggest sewage kit.
Yeah.
In the country, as far as the stadium is concerned.
Yeah.
So they can go to a nice stadium and go like a, like a manch and they're all upset.
You notice, like Saul, who called a couple of calls back, you know, he's having a nervous breakdown about the parking already and there are people having nervous breakdowns about their season tickets.
Everybody already is looking for all the negatives.
Right.
And that is because we got a lot of negative people here, you know, like I say, something positive comes along.
And oh, no, we don't want gambling here and a mob's going to come in and it's where we put all the parking and the traffic will be bad.
We've got 8 million reasons why we don't like the good things.
But the stupid thing we love, what's that?
You know, the new Ramata in up here in Plantation. Right near where we live.
Yeah.
You live in Plantation, right?
Yes.
I don't know if they told you, but they are installing slot machines in that hotel.
Well, they're wiring it for gambling.
Let's pay.
They're not installing slot machines in their wiring.
Can you imagine all the people coming out of the, the bagel host up there on university, all those old,
the gold, all the, they can see no, the Ramata in?
They, they, they, they can be, they can be, they can write to the table.
Absolutely.
Well listen.
Okay.
Hold on.
I'm converting about to AM.
Good.
Hold on.
First of all, no, he's not going to come to me to AM, but I have to ask you something.
Yes, Carol.
Okay.
I don't understand something.
Why is it, I'm expecting you to answer this now.
Why are all these people listening to you?
Why are all these people so turned on to you?
What is your explanation for everybody I know?
Why don't you hear you and your view on things?
And I mean, it's like, first of all, they're looking to a, I don't want to say the word,
the gaggy like all over North is a hero, which is the most ridiculous thing in the world.
Right.
And they listen to people like you, you have your viewpoint, which is fine, but you're turning into, it's like a cult.
A Neil Rogers cult.
Can you explain this to me?
Yes.
You can't.
Because 10% of the public wants the truth.
The other 10% wants the truth.
The other 90% the ones who love Oliver North like to be lined to.
So 10% of them listen to me and 90% of them love Colonel North.
What can I tell you?
Well, one of those 90% want to listen to you.
What do you think you have to say to it?
So unbelievably different than the other normal people and plantation or South Florida.
Adios.
What?
Hasta luego.
You can speak English.
Have a nice day, Carol.
Thank you.
I feel awesome.
17 till noon at W.I.N.Z.
Boy, she was just wrapped up into a frenzy.
I bet you she bought Richie the ticket on Delta.
I bet you anything.
Don't go Richie, don't do it.
I'm telling you.
I don't want to scare you.
But when they land at Newark, of course a lot of the flights to New York do go to Newark.
So if your flight is going to Newark, you'll probably land at Kennedy.
Okay, where are we going?
Let's go to Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, first time caller.
Great.
You're definitely, you do tell it like it is.
You bet.
Even when it hurts.
Even when it hurts.
Which is most of the time.
I don't know.
I don't understand what these people are bitching about.
I read that thing in the Herald today.
Harrison between the 81 article and this article.
The thing that time did.
It comes out, you know what I mean?
They say we've gotten better.
We're just a young city.
Yeah, just wait another 20 years.
Then wait till you see the crime we've got.
Man, it's really going to be good.
Till we have Casino gambling again, right?
And then we can get a vote it out again.
Yeah.
Right?
Hey, you should tell your buddy Saul.
Right?
You should tell him to take the issue up with Mr. Robbie.
They call him when you work at IOD, they call him Mr.
That's right.
Hey, did you hear the other day on sports talk?
They were talking about.
Except for Rick Weaver who calls him God.
God, they were talking about Rick Weaver.
They called in an asshole about changing the helmet in the NFL.
Right?
And he goes, I don't think there's much to it.
I don't like it.
And Mr. Robbie doesn't like it.
Oh, well that says it all.
That's going to happen.
Yeah.
That says it all.
Till.
The man's definitely a shill.
They have a lot of credibility, don't they?
A lot.
That guy's got a lot of debt cop.
That guy's got a lot of credit.
Yeah, credit is good.
Actually, credit is a Bill McQuig.
He's got nothing to do in the afternoon,
so they put him up in the copter.
In drag.
Okay, well listen, have a wonderful life down here in Kendall.
We'll see you at the next episode.
I'm going to get to the town of Country Mall, yes.
What?
A great restaurant for you.
Okay.
276.
276 Alhabra.
The name of it is 276.
Really?
In the Gables.
Yes, in the Gables.
French, contemporary food.
Very excellent.
Really classy.
You know what they say in the Gables, don't you?
What?
Are the Oss?
All right, Neil.
See you later.
Bye.
This great international city, this flavor.
Man, where else can you get this flavor?
We've got Jamaican gangs, we've got Haitian gangs,
we've got Cuban gangs, we've got every kind of criminal that's ever been
invented.
We have contres, we've got banks.
I mean, this is the center of mystery and intrigue.
You notice how much of the whole Iran contra hearing centered around this area.
This is like the focal point.
This is the stopping off point for drugs and contraband of all kinds.
I mean, you name it, we got it.
It's incredible.
But we're in international cities.
See the people in this town, the morons.
And they really are.
The people in the Chamber of Commerce and the politicians.
I mean, when you look up the word moron in the dictionary,
you'll probably see a picture of one of those people.
Like Seth Gordon, he's another one of those real geniuses with the Chamber of Commerce.
Remember when the Chamber of Commerce took a little informal vote in the majority of the membership,
wanted to endorse Casino gambling.
And the board of the greater Miami Chamber said, oh no, no way Jose.
That's the label.
Right.
Because after all, that's not the kind of community we want to live in.
We don't want business.
We want to be a little seasonal town.
So if you don't make it between Thanksgiving and Easter, tough luck.
You know what I'm saying?
You have to wait till Sookas, at least.
Boy, that trip to the gallery, really, that was like the last nail in the coffin for me.
I mean, if I needed it, that was the real reinforcement to me.
Speaking of death.
Hey, the meds are only nine out.
What are you worried about?
They're playing okay.
Look who just look what the cat dragged in.
Watch every line on the board go out.
No, that's okay.
I'm not going to talk.
What do you mean you're not going to talk?
I just came here to look for some information on my guest and naturally it's not here.
What do you mean it's not there?
It says right on the board, Philip Worth.
Yeah, but it's supposed to be a federal express down here and there's nothing.
The press copy, the press guide.
The literature.
No need any information.
You don't need literature.
You're just wing it.
An old pro like you.
You've been faking your way through for 12, 13 years now.
No, I understand.
Listening on Monday.
Yeah, I heard that.
Look at that.
Who are those boring shirts like I do?
Well, I was going to wear my med hat, but I figured I'd look too childish if I walked in with that.
Oh, and I see the sensitivity is starting again.
How long have I been in this business and I'm still sensitive?
When are you going to let that go?
I have to have a brain track.
Okay, a week from Monday, we're going to have the poll.
We're going to bring in Fowler and we're going to take a poll and find out who's the most sensitive broadcaster.
I'm employed or unemployed.
I mean, call Darabian there.
He'll be on the house.
Bill is so sensitive.
And I can't understand why because he's gotten screwed so many times in a business.
By now, you think you're beginning used to it, but he's very sensitive.
And you're right up there.
Oh, I'll give you that.
And the day that last hit her called in, the press me boy, you were on the phone within seconds.
Within a matter of moments.
I got news for you.
It's the good old boy network from Penelope Park.
He called me about three hours later trying to explain to me why he sounded so depressed.
And I said, you're going to have to change.
I said, you're going to have to change your act, Bob.
And he gave me expletives deleted.
Are you sir deleted?
And then he called me at home that afternoon.
Did he?
Yeah, 340.
I don't know why I remember the time.
It's like certain things in your life, you know, like when Elvis died or whatever, you remember the time and where you were.
340 of that afternoon in the phone rings.
I'm sitting there watching the hearings, I'm minding my own business.
And here it is.
And you'll never believe what he said to me.
He said, I'm so depressed.
I'm the lady.
Ah.
And by the time I finished the conversation, I went in, I drank some borac acid and I felt better.
It was great.
Boy, is he a depressing guy?
I tell you, I don't understand him.
And the thing is, it's almost like he wants to spread the wealth, so to speak.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is the Treasury Loves Company.
Am I allowed to?
I told you that.
And the Treasury Loves Company.
That's why there's so many people.
So you came in as a nice guy on a weekend on a day off to let me go to Calderonoon.
It's a good card today.
No, I have to go to the movies today.
I came in to see if this literature had arrived, talking about Second Harvest, which is
help for the homeless back on that stick again.
I don't know why.
You never give up.
I never give up.
You never know when to throw in the towel.
But look what I'm following.
I mean, it's a very good topic.
They'll be talking about Africa and the Ira Everett show.
Is Ira ever going to have a white guest on that show or what?
Seriously.
And the Haitian task force is going to be marching on this station also.
Oh, that would be good.
Boy, Stan ought to be monitoring that show tomorrow morning.
You'll have to get up early.
By the way, you talked about board ops getting jobs in this business.
I got to fill in.
I got to tell you something.
Our good friend over at the cat.
Our good friend Howard Prima started his career as a weekend board op.
Howard called me the other day.
Did he really?
For some advice.
I'm serious.
What do you call for?
I said it wouldn't be ethical.
I said it just I can't do it.
Howard.
He wants to go back to talk.
I don't know what he wants.
No, he doesn't want that.
He's not a room rice.
He wants advice.
But Howard was a board op.
He was monitoring.
And I should have said get out of the business.
Howard, that would have been my best advice.
I mean Howard is.
He was.
I remember those days.
And I remember that he took over as an assistant news director for.
But he does witchcraft.
That's why he got to own the thing.
Do you see Abraham Kadebri?
The amazing Howard.
So what's doing?
What's doing?
Let's look at too much Bruce Williams.
Listen, I have something here.
By the way, there was a caller on Neil Myers show who had a great point.
At a great line on talk net.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't say that.
I mean, you're desperate to say that one shift you got left is relaxed.
Anyway, made a good point.
You know that it's illegal because now they're trying to ban smoking on cigarette on.
Airlines flights of two hours or less, which I think they should.
Okay, I'll light up and I'll start smoking two Dutch masters at once.
Give me one.
I'll light up.
But anyway, you made a very good point.
It's illegal to smoke cigar cigarettes or pipes in federal buildings.
Right?
Absolutely.
It's federal law.
And point Dexter was there a week long.
That's right.
He's been breaking the law.
But of course, that's nothing new to him.
But it's true.
He's been sitting there puffing away all week long.
Can I have one of those?
Oh, exactly.
As many of these you like.
I didn't know you smoked.
Oh, well, listen.
There's a lot of pressure in this business.
Kyle has a smokebuster up there.
A noise maker in the control room.
And look at this beautiful butane layer there.
One of them, my list of semi-necret.
Terrific.
Okay, so now we got Spindell smoking cigars.
Proving again that he's a clone, you know.
If I were in here.
Don't do it.
I'll play.
Hold it out for a hero.
I thought you went to San Diego to get the clone.
De-reciously different marijuana.
De-reciously different.
While we're sitting in here smoking a joint, he would be lighting up.
You know, but we don't do that because first of all, I don't smoke it.
And secondly, it's illegal.
And we at WINZ do not break the law.
I have this cassette.
Although it has been said some of the people here couldn't get arrested.
Back to the future.
And what I did is I pulled that part for the laugh of the father.
And I'm going to try to put it on to CART to see if it matches you know who's laugh.
So maybe in the next hour I'll have this thing card it up if I could figure out how to do it.
I'm very technologically ignorant, which is probably why I'm a talk show host rather than a board op.
I understand board ops have a big career in this business.
What are you looking for?
The laugh of the cat.
I can't find anything in this right-hand corner of the game, man.
You've got another rack here.
Do you have a rack for Stan now?
Oh, I thought that was for I or Everett and all of his notes.
That's what I've got.
All the pictures of the little girls on it, that stands rack.
Okay, 74 new in at WINZ.
If you're on hold, just to hang in here with us, you're not going to go anywhere and do anything anyway.
But you know, we have to humor Mike.
He's become very insecure since there have been a lot of changes in the market.
He starts calling all of these celebrities at the various stations.
You know, that Sunday show means a lot to him.
It means little to the audience because they don't like talking to him.
And they just basically don't like him.
But he keeps coming back a week after we.
People love me.
No, they don't.
They always tell me that on the phone.
I love the show.
They love you.
They can't stand you.
They think you're a nerd.
But they do listen in.
I mean, I don't know why, but they listen because they get some kind of perverse pleasure from it.
They love when it gets to be about 10 after 11 and you start screaming.
Now, I don't know if anybody wants to talk about this.
Okay, you people.
All right.
No more serious.
Only a time I ever seen a high laugh.
Because he knows it's true.
But it's not true.
And he also takes a perverse enjoyment in that because he loves to hear you die.
I do agree.
I hear you hanging out there.
I didn't say you didn't do a good job, but they don't like you.
But they don't like you.
Would you admit it just for once in your life, be honest.
I don't like you.
I think that they, they don't like me.
They don't look how well I'm doing.
They hate my guts.
So I'm doing great.
I got to start doing a lot.
I've tried to tell the call to that for years.
Being loved is not where it's at in this business.
That's not where it's at.
No.
No.
Well, I don't care.
Be the spy.
Do you love or hate me?
But the point is, they listen.
That's the whole reason that what's his name is not working six days a week.
He said, Fred, I might beat him again on Sunday.
Who's that?
What's his name?
Oh, is he back on the ear?
Okay, six minutes till noon at W.I. and Z.
We're going to come right back.
Have you ever heard of growing man cry?
No.
So the meds lost him.
It's only a ball game.
I mean, you know, it could be worse.
Could be the Miami tropics.
The tropics.
Did you ever hear the tropics?
Absolutely.
Okay.
They play again.
Wait a minute.
If you're in the USBL.
If you're in the listening audience, you're part of history, ladies and gentlemen.
We have two people in the same building, Kyle and Mike Spindell, who had both heard of the Miami tropics prior to today.
That's, you know, they have it's the United States basketball league and they play such great area.
They play Long Island, the Long Islanders.
And what are the other games?
How can they miss?
Yeah, if they play Long Island.
That's it.
And they also play Orlando.
It's a good brand to basketball.
A lot of those guys are getting ready to go to the pros, Michael.
Princesses.
Princesses don't like basketball.
Princesses don't like basketball.
I got stuff thinking about that one for a second.
But anyway, you guys getting all upside because I told him, David Johnson is a choke manager.
And the fact that they had the best team in the league, let the best team in baseball last year.
And they still almost blew it as it turned out.
I mean, they were lucky to win.
What about the previous two years?
What about that he has the best managing record one of all time?
Because he's inherited a lot of great talent.
But when push comes to shove, man, any given game, who is he can lose it?
Who is the best manager that you have ever seen in the years that you've been talking about?
Danny Murtaugh.
Okay.
Have you ever questioned the decision that Murtaugh has ever made?
Of course.
Okay.
But I didn't sit back and watch him day in and day out.
You're only upset because he pulled Dale Murphy.
That's all.
Exactly.
A lot of people would like to pull Dale Murphy, but that's a whole program in itself.
Did you hear what he just said?
What a disgusting, what a grotesque, even if it's true.
Okay.
Jim Lonnie's back with some of those exciting headlines, world news from...
Four.
You're alive.
Boy, that's frightening, man.
I live in Invera.
I'm barely alive, really, when I go to publics and stuff.
Why are you walking your back when you went to New York?
Did you get a chance to listen to Howard Stern or drop in or anything?
Oh, I didn't go to New York City.
I went to Upstate.
You can't pick it up way up there.
You can't pick it up there?
No, it's 500 miles away.
Okay.
Well, what I did is I visited up there about a year ago and I was...
Because I've visited Putnam Valley.
I'm from Mount Vernon.
And coming back, I listened to a show.
I was coming on a flight and you can hear him in Philadelphia also.
Yeah.
And he was doing some really nasty stuff about asking this woman about what she wears to bed.
But I was just wondering, what are you going to do when you're out there?
I can't see.
I can't see.
I can't see you.
All right, here.
If you want to, I'm not sure.
I don't care.
I'm not sure.
Go to my jacket because I know your teeth.
Go on, love.
Okay, we had to have a little Howard there just for nostalgia's sake.
It's all good.
It's all good.
I want to get into that.
Why don't you get into that?
Okay, raise track a lot and you gave me a tip a long time ago.
Okay, it's my fake tip with the information.
It's no one know, it wasn't information.
That's the worst word you could use was information.
I don't get information.
Okay, okay, what you gave out to the public, there was Leo Castelli.
Boy, did he kill me?
I did everything I could.
I put it all on down and then he killed me.
It came out.
Well, that's that Jose Santos.
You know, he's got a bad sense of humor.
What do you think of this horse coming up on, I don't know if you want to talk about horse racing,
but I need to ask you another question.
What do you think of your Guda?
The horse you Guda.
What do I think about him?
A couple of times I looked at him.
He came and laughed and then he's been moving up and now he came in third the other day.
You think he's coming up or something?
It's somebody from work.
They keep on mentioning him.
Well, I had him me off.
I don't know.
I had the, in fact, he won the second race one day.
He won the double for me with the Vallez.
I think there was his first start at Calder.
Oh.
Or maybe it was, no, it was at Calder.
But I haven't seen him run since then, so I'm not touting anymore.
Okay, on another thing on the pick six.
I never knew how to bet that.
How do you bet that?
I don't know if it's a, I know it's from the third race of the age race.
What do you mean, how do you bet it?
Yeah, how do you bet it?
I don't, see, when I go to the races, I just don't bet.
I'm not a gambler that much.
Well, that's a different one that goes nuts though.
And she was interested in the pick six and I couldn't answer the question.
Okay, okay.
Well, let me answer the question for you.
When you go into track on the walls, you will see little containers that have got cards in them for the pick six.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
They're all over on every floor and you take those cards however many you want and you have to pick a winner and you mark a winner in each race from a third through the eighth.
Okay.
Oh, and it's two bucks a ticket.
Okay, that's what she wanted to know to make it easy for her because she thinks that she can do it but it's pretty hard to do picking all six and six.
Yeah, you know, I have tough time with a pick one.
Are you going tomorrow?
Could be, I'll see.
Okay, guys, what do you say?
Because last time I heard I was there the day you would build call to running for the Jockey Club you mentioned that day on the radio.
Oh, yeah, the day we're running into the Jockey Dream, yeah.
Yeah, so I just haven't seen you yet been there after that and I just trying to get there.
I agree with you this morning also on Miami.
I can't believe that's going.
I used to live in Peron in 63 and it has totally changed.
I moved up here and it's moving up this way now that I got to move on to Bokeh and where the hell are we going to go from there after we leave Bokeh?
Jacksonville.
No, I would never go there. It's too dead.
Yeah.
I would get out of the state.
Okay, I'll see you at Calder.
All right, definitely take care.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Okay, now Spindel just came in and has handed me a card.
We have an open line in each county by the way the callers obviously are going to fall off at this point.
In Dade County 6249400 in Broward 5249400, everybody and his brother has got the Glenhill Cackle.
Has got another version of it, okay?
And here is the new one.
I'm not even going to audition at first.
I'm going to take my life into my hands and trust Spindel.
Not bad, huh?
Not too bad.
Okay, 1213 at W.I.N.Z.
Don't forget one of the days this week.
I'm not sure which day we're going to have the great winds cackle off and we're going to take all of the cards.
In fact, maybe we ought to invite the listeners in the audience to do their own Glenhill Cackle and put it on a cassette.
And we'll find some great prize to give away, you know, like Stan Major or something.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward 5249400.
We'll go to Hollywood. Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Good. I'm glad to be able to speak with you now.
I want to tell you I had out of state guests and the TV was on while we were chitchatting.
And the...
How shall I say to sort of a disclaimer, something came on regarding that there would normally be an advertisement.
However, the corporation cannot advertise in Florida because of this new tax.
And we went into quite a discussion. Have you seen those?
Yeah.
And, yeah.
Isn't that embarrassing?
Well, that's typical of the whole state.
Yeah.
That's the way we do everything.
We love to drive people out.
You know, first we heard that, you know, Florida was going to become second only to California in the movie industry.
And we were, you know, making some inroads and not right away the governor puts his tax on and affects all of the services and just about every aspect of the industry.
And, you know, we're going to drive most of those people out.
Well, here in Hollywood, one of the major employers we have is the diplomat hotel because it hires so many and brought so many conventions in.
And we had political figures and so forth.
Ancient history.
I know exactly and the cancellations are really cruel.
We need these jobs. We need these visitors.
Then, earlier you spoke about coming up the beach in Miami from 24th right on up past the century towers and all those and then back into the poor rundown areas.
And then the beautiful site is Bell Harbor.
Okay, Bell Harbor is a glorified, gorgeous, retirement village.
These people have worked and paid their dues and they're retired and they are not an active part.
Politically, they will not solve problems. They're older people.
Yeah.
Now, having said that, I was so happy to hear some of the young people who have called you.
Of course, you had one young woman who was rather in name.
But you've had some good comments and if you should be able to have a program sometime with a young productive people, perhaps 25 to 55 years of age, where possibly you could ask,
what is it in their work area that they could wish to have and as far as their recreation time, what would they like to have?
You know, new ideas come from the young.
But wait a minute. Wait a minute. I understand what you're saying.
But when the area is doing its damnedest to drive all the young people out of here, what difference does it make?
No, no, let me give you two examples. It's not only the spring break in Fort Lauderdale, but here Barry Schreiber, who I think is probably the number one Jackass in Dade County,
a Barry Schreiber is trying to undo the fair housing ordinance in Dade County, which has been an effect for seven years or something like that now.
What he wants to do is make exemptions so that we can discriminate and we can take in Dade and do just what they do in Broward and have all of these adult retirement communities and you know, turn it into another outdoor funeral parlor.
We do everything in our power to discourage young people from staying here and everything in our power to invite new dying people to come in here and turn it into a nursing home.
I understand I agree. However, I'm hoping that there will be some young blood that will be politically motivated because we need a major issue that will be cohesive and bring them together with power and force.
Well, don't hold your breath. Don't hold your breath.
Okay, now very quickly moving right along the last good bit of publicity that I saw for this community,
which I believe was approximately two years ago at Christmas time when they had the yacht parade on the intercostal in Fort Lauderdale and they taped it and a week later it was shown on national television and it was so beautiful with the colored lights and these gorgeous yachts.
People were in awe of it and they say, gee, we must go down to Fort Lauderdale and see some of these things and they feel they'd like to be part of it. And that's such a small item.
We're doing things on the local level in a local way about sports. But if you were to say, what is it that people go to New Orleans for? They go for the Mardi Gras and they go down to Bourbon Street. I know you spent some time there.
What do they go to Chicago for? What do they go? We have to have one powerful major theme to bring people.
It's not going to happen. Don't you understand? Because the people, the powers that be in this community can't get together on what underwear they're going to wear that day, much less on some kind of theme for the whole community. It just isn't going to happen. It's like the sports authority and all the other attempts for date and brown to get together.
There is no cooperation here. It doesn't happen. And I appreciate your positive attitude and your enthusiasm and your blue sky that you convinced yourself up. But it just isn't going to happen.
And that's why Casino gambling while it wouldn't have been a panacea would certainly might got all the jobs it would have created for young people and all the tourists it would have brought in here and all the activity and all the building and the renovation.
Just the jobs in a construction would have been incredible. All the people it would have put to work.
And I realize, you know, I people think I'm obsessed with it. And the reason I was obsessed with it is because it made so much sense. You'd have to be a full not to see. It would be like, you know, people Orlando saying to Walt Disney, no, we don't want you here like the people in date county did a few years before.
We don't want you here. You want to go to the deal. We don't want to give you all of that.
Absolutely. And we have a break. We have to take a break. But Mike Spindell is back. I had to do that to him. I could know we do it. It's 12 19 right? Didn't I write 19? Am I log? Absolutely.
No, I don't go to a restaurant and get a stale kinesh. I'm responsible for everything bad that you have in your life to complain about. I'm responsible for.
I hear it all the time. I once did a big one. I once did a stick on the fact that I am not responsible for what goes on in the station. But people who know that I work here and speak to me during the week. They all have a complaint. Why is this one gone? Why is that one gone?
I heard somebody the other day wanted to know why Larry Kent was gone. I got news for it. Well, we couldn't fit in the building anymore. No, it's true. We couldn't get him in the door.
But no, seriously, people who listen to this radio station ought to be there to kiss the ground that we are as stable as we are as they say on the backstretched caulder.
Whereas stable. I mean, yeah, we've had changes, but gradual changes. But like these other stations, then you got to keep you really have to keep a score card. And I guess it's appropriate with IOD because they are the sports station.
Yeah, they're appropriate. The audience ought to have a score card and keep erasing names and penciling in new ones. What are they calling the Mount St. Helens of Radio?
Exactly. There's always an eruption there.
That clock is ticking again. I heard must have fixed it. No, Stan fixed it and it was two minutes slow. Stan has he has gotten his finger into everything in this building.
So you'd be well there. Yeah, boy, what a great line that is. Everything except what he wanted to. But now he's really had an influence on this talk studio. There's no question about that.
Certainly is. I mean, we have the. Did you hear that? I heard the break. I mean, her intentions were good. But boy, she living in a dream world or what?
The best thing was the regatta and was that. Yeah, that's a little bit of a sued aspect of it. But the thing that's bizarre is people are blaming the messenger.
See, I like the message. I like it again. The lights on the metro area. You know, there's about three yards on the downtown three yards where there are fluorescent lights with the different colors.
And you notice that when they take photographs like the chamber of commerce, all these promotional things, they photograph not the grungy part of the metro rail with all the graffiti and with those weeds growing up or whatever they have on the side of the pillars.
And you know, the and the little trains with nobody on them. They always photograph the neon lights that are about three yards long.
In fact, the Miami Highlight spot, which has been got to be three, four years now that that spot's been running. Isn't it?
At least the one with the beautiful girls and the the salsa beat to the musical bit. Sure. This is the new Miami. And I wonder what Miami they're looking at, man.
Because it looks pretty interesting, pretty exciting. You know, I have to say one thing. I mean, stand comes in here.
There was an article in today's paper saying that the ratings for Miami Vice have gone up considerably locally and they're showing vintage vice from two years ago.
Where did he read that? I just read that Miami Vice last week wasn't in the top 25 in this market. But in today's local newspaper, the fish wrap. Well, don't believe anything. They put in.
They said it absolutely and they're going back to what they call the vintage episodes, the older episodes for the first and second season, which Stan was.
Why can't the people in New York have a good paper like the hero? You know, why have they got to put up with a communist rag like the New York Times?
Yeah, blame the propaganda. Well, you know that the whole reason is because New York is not a beautiful place. It's filthy. It's dirty. It's got Puerto Ricans there. That's what I heard on the area yesterday.
The fact that that's and they are picking on Miami because they have problems in New York, not understanding the fact that I heard a national newspaper.
I heard it. Yeah, the New York Times, of course, the national edition goes all over the country. And as I said yesterday, we're still getting response for so far from the end we put in the New York Times two months ago.
The times far out distance any other publication that we put an ad in. It's just like the rap job that the LA Times did on the Miami Herald when they exposed it for what it is. A bunch of pandas.
Exactly. So, you know, they don't like the message. And then they start saying, you know, all the folks get they don't like people bashing Miami. And they were saying that you're one of the major perpetrators to that saying terrible things about it.
No, it's just exposing the problem. And these people who are being quoted in the paper don't realize that the problem still exists in a percentage.
Very easy for greedy people to sit back and fill their pockets. And the oblivious to all the things that go on around them. And I said in the opening hour today, then make a big difference to me.
If we have casino gambling or if the hotels go out of business or they all become condos or other than the fact that I would like to live. And I think you probably wouldn't a community with that that's happening or a lot of activity.
And where we have, you know, all the big league sports in the theater and all kinds of things to do and living and reading place.
What they talk about paranoid anti communism coming two days after the herald ran a story about Corolla who wants to support an amendment.
No communists can come down to South Florida. I guess maybe the good communist one that Ali is talking to the Polish and of course the Chinese who were selling all kinds of industry.
But we can have Nazis come down. That's true. That's true. And of course, he'll be. I heard that when Pope comes, he's bringing Kurt Waldheim. I heard they're going on tour together.
The Pope tour. I could just see the. Marlins. The Jackets. He just came back from Europe. And he said that he was in St. Peter Square and they were selling. This is the truth.
They were selling popsicles on believe. Yeah, the popsicles on a stick with a picture of the Pope's face. And do you suck on it in St. Peter Square?
You suck on the popsicle, exactly. Unbelievable. Well, listen, I have to do part very. I'm going to check the front desk to see if my literature otherwise I'm going to do a poll tomorrow on that positive.
Positive negative positive. Well, that will get that one out of the way. As soon as I get off the air and tell him you're ripping him off again. Call him first before he calls.
I don't want to get depressed. Have a good day. Take a great life. Mets are bounced back. Believe me. By this time in two weeks, there'll be only eight games out. You watch.
Okay, there he goes. Mr. Mets. He's a little bit depressed, but if you've been watching the Mets lately, you can understand it. Kendall, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Just wanted to comment on what you were talking about a year ago.
Yeah, let's. I had to show two years ago. That was incredible. And I'm going to take some calls on that in the next hour. Wonderful. Listen.
When I left Miami the first time, the thing to do is to go down to Collins Avenue and to walk four and five deep. And sometimes have to step out into the streets.
The numbers of people around the castaways. Yeah, just like it is now sure. Of course, you have to climb over the fence first now.
Right. The wall. The wall. Exactly. You know, it's a real paradox of city. Can you just think about what a paradox is?
Think of all the people who came here by train and car and plane boats.
Yeah, when I came back from overseas, I couldn't wait because I had to observe the customs and speak the languages overseas of the many countries I was in.
To cut back to America to get down and kiss the ground and to get back to my native home, Miami. You know, there's a very significant point that a lot of people miss when it comes to immigration and comes to this melting pot concept.
And that is that it has to happen simultaneously. And in the early part of the century, we had this big, as you know, you had this big flood of immigration and we had all of these people going to work in the sweatshops and doing their thing.
And over a period of generations, those people become Americanized and the culture evolved. But when it happens at a different time, then it disrupts the whole evolution of the culture.
Do you follow what I'm saying? I'm not saying it very well. But the point is that when all of a sudden you have this tremendous waves of immigration after we've developed a certain culture in society.
And now all of a sudden we have all of this conflict of ethnicity and culture like all these people, you know, who want to go out and do Santa Ria and Halea and so on.
Then what you've got is just it's insanity. And that's what we got in South Florida. This is a perfect example of it.
To the director of the I and S just woke up the day before yesterday and realized before it didn't have all these farms for all these people who are registered as farm workers from other countries.
Yeah. And listen, you've missed the whole point of the channel 10 logo song. This is the No Miami. You have to listen to the accent.
Here's a new Miami. It's not the United States, but it's a new Miami.
Right. Hello, I go. Okay, have a wonderful life, sir. See you in Calcutta 1231 at W. I. Z. We have an open line in date 624 9400 North Miami Beach. Hello. Hello, sir. How you doing? I'm doing pretty well. Thank you. I have a legitimate gripe. I wish I could talk about it sometimes. I have any handicap person. And I'm able to drive a car. I cannot walk too well.
Matter of fact, they're hardly I use two kids. The thing that gripes me is when I see people who have the authorized tag for handicapped people and are permitted to park in a handicap space.
And I watch them get out of the car, walk away. They come back. Nothing was wrong with them. And they have a tag. My gripe is this to the.
So in other words, the prerequisite ought to be that they're either in a wheelchair or they have to crawl on their hands and knees, right? Okay, good call 28 before one at W. I. Z. We have an open line in day and 624 9400.
And let's go to a pay. A pay phone in the Galleria. Hello.
Very good. That was excellent. Very good. I can't believe Glenn called in on his day off. Plantation. Hello.
It was worth 25 cents. Exactly. Well, he's at the Galleria. It affects your mind. You know, when you stand around alone for that long.
Yeah, hey, didn't you know that Miami tropics are part of the new Miami? That's probably true. Big secret. Hey, I was wondering if you ever got my postcard from Chicago from Rigly Field. Yes.
Okay, and in here you mentioned it. So I was just. Well, listen, I mean, you know, we have a lot of valuable time on this show. We can't waste it with trivial. Exactly. Exactly.
I'm proud of your pirate that day. What did they do? They destroyed the cops. Great. Yeah. Well, listen. Yeah, they really dog has his day.
It looked like a real party out there. Yeah. You know, now they could probably be direct just your red wing. Don't get carried away. Okay. Hey, I was wondering, when is the FM going talk?
Are you? Yeah, that would be interesting. Why don't we already have Spanish talk?
Yeah, I know. This ratings can go down much further. You know that they got to do something. Well, a book is going to be out on Tuesday.
They the spring rating book and of course everybody here is in fact, it's kind of amusing because everybody's been in management upper level and middle level.
You know, we got so many levels, layers of management. And they've all been kind of like in limbo. You know, they're waiting. And of course Tuesday morning at about nine o'clock.
I just know they're all going to be hovering around that computer. And then when a book comes out, it's going to be pretty interesting to look at those FM numbers.
Is that the new format? It could be. In fact, in this market, that could be a bit we call it death radio. That could that could work.
God's waiting room WGWR God's waiting room. I like it. Yeah. We could put life to sleep. Hey, could you imagine Mike Spindell in the hospital?
Well, God forbid, but let's just you know, just as an example say you know minor operation, nothing major and brain transplant. Just something minor.
Something a minor like that and standing over him ready to build the operation as a newly trained brain surgeon is Jeff, you're off.
Excellent. Would Darrell Strabbery is his backup? Yeah, would that be good? That would be excellent. Well, Mike would deserve it.
You know, he's been sticking with them through thick and thin and you know, I'm a med spam, but I don't even watch it anymore. I get so frustrated.
Well, they don't have very many games on now. You know, we're getting really screwed now. Those of us who have cable because they have all of these sports networks to keep ripping off all of the games from these New York teams.
And now you know, very, very grim. You have to listen to the games. No, I'll pass. I can't handle Bob Murphy. Bob Murphy was never any good, but now that he's about 120 years old, I'm sorry.
Yeah, well, you know, I used to I tried to listen to some of the games, but one thing about New York, you know, they have the best of everything. People from New York think that as long as it's in New York, it's the greatest.
Like all those great New York sports casters like Phil Rosuto and Bill White and Spencer Ross and Ralph Kiner. Oh, I mean, it is it's desperate.
They need to get rid of kind of a Murphy. Gary Thorn is all right. He's yeah, he's not too bad. Well, he he sounds real good because he's next to Murphy. So he sounds much better than he really is. I'd guess anybody could sound good next to Murphy. Yeah.
But anyway, so I left the country farm. I just but I tell you that their history. Yeah. I'm the bigger and better things. Okay. Well, listen, have a great life. Wonderful life. And we'll see you at the Red Winds cave.
Okay, I'll see you at Silver Stadium 24 before one at W I and Z. In fact, in the one o'clock hour, we're going to be doing a tribute to Rochester in Broward. We have an open line now, 524 9400 and we'll come right back.
The following is a special.
22 before one at W I and Z and let's go to Miami next. Hello.
Neil. Yes. I just want to tell you I read the article in the New York Times magazine section. Where did you get it? I went over to the new stand and bought it. Oh, they've got it already. Well, they have the, you know, part of the time. They have the book review and the travel section and the magazine section. That was all I was interested in cost me almost $3 to get it. Oh, you're really a big spender.
You. But it's interesting. It's the same thing they've been saying that one thing that they always say is how great it was before 1980. And, you know, after 1980s, when it really got bad. Well, what they're talking about and they don't want to say it is the Maryl Bolt lift. Right. But but before 1980 was it so great. No, no, it was. I came here in 1976 and it was. There were still remnants of greatness.
It was still, you know, the full decay had not set in. But I think that probably the 50s and 60s were the heyday for this time. I was here then in the 50s up, but I wanted to tell you about the one full color picture they ran with the story. It says opposite page supporting the Nicaraguan contrast Cuban. Both have shifted board it to the right. There's a picture of some Cuban standing here and they carrying a sign that says. The Cubans were the first.
Freedom fighters. Did you know that? The first freedom fight. Well, if that's the case, our advice to the Contras is don't buy a house. Really. I wanted to say I agree with you on spring break. They've ruined that. They they we should have had gambling. Why they I don't know what. Didn't we just last Thursday celebrate the bison teniole of the Constitution? Whatever happened to the American revolutionaries. Whatever happened to those freedom fighters. They don't think.
No, they don't count. I said right here in the paper. Okay. Well, if it says in the paper, then it must be true. Listen, can I say I want to say something about Irene. I haven't heard this. Although maybe you have I don't listen too much, but I have been listening to you quite a bit lately. I kind of feel that Reagan. That none of this has to do with humanitarian reasons or help the Contras or help the hostages. I just felt that he.
He promised the arms manufacturers that he would sell their their wares because they put him in power. And so he said I'm going to sell for you. You know, and I'll do it any way I can. Even though he thought Congress would say okay. And you know, we could sell them this stuff. But they didn't. So he had to figure out some way to do it. Does that make sense to you? No. No. It doesn't.
I thought that was the reason. I still label 18 before one at W. I. N. G. Let's go to Miami Beach. Hello. Hi. Hi. Good morning. Good afternoon. I guess now. It was morning where I started. I disagree with you. There is some redeeming value in Miami or something. Well, I didn't say there wasn't any redeeming value. Let's not get carried away. Yeah, what I like. I like to go to go. I like to go. It's a fun place to go.
I was born here. I've lived here all my life except for. I was in a service. And I still look forward to coming back here whenever I go whenever I travel. It still feels like home. It's something that Miami has.
But that's true. Wherever you live, no matter where you live, when you go on vacation, for example, and you come back home, there is something. There's an
intangible about coming home. That's true everywhere. I still, I don't know. I like the city. There's something about it. There's something. What? What? Wait a minute. There's a vitality. Yeah. I think so. Well, I'm really I'm dismayed that you would use that word because if there's one thing that's lacking here, it's vitality. This is like a laid back, vegetating. Maybe it's the heat in the humidity. But I've noticed that since I first came here, boy, it's very. It's you know, I've noticed that there's not something that I'm looking at. I'm looking at what it is. It's just like a bird, just like a bird. It's just like a bird. It's like a bird. You know, I'm looking at it. It's just like a bird. It's just like a bird. It's just like a bird. It's just like a bird. It's just like a bird. It's
So that's why I use that term brain dead.
Well maybe that's not the right word, if I tell you.
No, vitality is not the word.
Try another one.
The place, let's see, exotic or it's different.
You can find different things.
It's different, yeah.
Different people.
The rules are different and the town is different.
For nationalities and you can find different kinds of foods here and everything.
Of course it probably doesn't compare with New York.
It being a lot bigger city and everything.
But of course I've never.
When you say you can find different kinds of food here, I'm not so sure I understand what that means.
I mean you can go to little Havana and get black beans and rice.
But in Sarasota you can go to the Columbia restaurant and get black beans and rice.
And you can find 80 Chinese restaurants and you can find French restaurants and you can find German restaurants in Sarasota.
And Sarasota is a little town.
And Belgium restaurants.
Yeah.
Or whatever.
Finish, finish.
Green.
And uh.
Finish.
Finish, right.
Yeah, I think that was the word.
Got a caller on a mobile phone on Saturday.
Hello.
How are you?
Okay.
I would like to tell all those people that voted against Casino Dambling that it's their fault that we have that additional tax on services.
Right.
Because I think that that would have never even been mentioned if you had Casino Dambling.
I have a relative who is in the boat brokerage business.
And I believe what he's going to have to do now is charge not only sales tax on the same boat every time it gets sold over and over and over.
Aligning the state to collect several times on the same item.
But he's also going to have to charge a tax on his service so the customer will be double taxed.
Great.
Isn't that illegal?
Great.
Double taxation.
Yeah.
Well, maybe we need another Boston Tea Party.
Tea.
I know.
I know who just who can eat it.
Can we do we have Gail Stewart's phone number?
Who?
The tea lady.
Huh?
We have a special tea lady here at Windsor.
We're going to hire her back to have another revolt.
Uh.
Well, I'll tell you what.
I don't know, but a lot of people are just sitting back making this.
I don't know if you're going to do something about this tax, but it's absurd, ridiculous.
Well, listen, it's Governor Martinez that you talk about the people voting against Casino gambling.
They voted for this Neanderthal.
He was a loser in Tampa.
He's a major loser in Tallahassee now.
He's an unmitigated disaster.
And what they wanted is what they got.
You know, these things don't happen by osmosis.
You see, you know, it's very easy to sit back and always blame the politicians.
But who is it that keeps putting the very shribers and the George Valdezes and the Bob Martinez is in office?
It's the electorate that goes out and picks these people.
Well, it's a little bag on the beach.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Okay.
Okay, good luck to you, sir.
Barry goes up there into point east, wherever all those condos and he does his little Kazatsky.
And he wears his garamalki and he shmuses with everybody and eats lots of conishes.
And everybody chevels from him and they all run out and that's all it takes.
And the man, I said it to an earlier caller and I want to go on record.
I mentioned this earlier.
I retract my statement from yesterday.
Sergio Pereira is not the county's number one asshole.
Barry Shriber is.
I mean, it's not even a contest.
How could I have forgotten?
And I noticed nobody has anything to say about the fact that he would like to pass this resolution,
which would amend the fair housing ordinance to permit some exception so that we can have these adult only retirement communities in Dade County.
We can have 80 century villages in Dade County.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Santoria, yandai, yandia.
Buenos dias.
Buenos dias.
Adios.
Adios already?
No, that was just a preview of things to come.
Okay, well let me know.
I just returned from Chicago, had a fabulous time.
And there was so much going on there and I can really apply the name by tell, I mean the word, vitality to the people there.
In fact, they all looked like they were on speed.
And then I suddenly realized it's because they all have some place to go and something to do.
We wander around here, we get up, we think, what the hell am I going to do today?
And that's the difference.
And they're so proud of what's happening there.
And they're building so many new buildings and they're revitalizing an area when I grew up, I mean you wouldn't even think of going there.
And the townhouses now are selling for two between 250,000 to 500,000 in this neglected area.
Well, it's just unreal.
They had best deal day and taste of food in the park and all kinds of things.
And it really made me stop and think.
And as a man said, when you come home, or you said rather, when you do come home, everything looks great.
And that lasted less than 24 hours with me.
And I just drove up to the market after I got home to get some orange juice and things from the morning.
And I was...
The scenes in my car had the keys to my car in my hand.
And a nice Cuban lady came along and took the whole front end off of my sports car.
So I thought, well, it's less than 24 hours I'm home.
There goes the other way.
I'm just sick.
So I'm right back in the same frame of mind that I want to move again and I'm quite sure I'm going to.
You know, again, it sounds like ethnic bashing, which it's not.
I'm going to say it again.
I'm not talking about what you said, but what I'm saying.
And I want to reiterate it.
This business about the Cubans made this area and all of this other garbage is the worst lie that anyone could tell.
It's nonsense.
It's absolute nonsense.
And the fact that there was that much of an influx permitted.
Cubans Haitians, Nicaraguan's, you name it, to come in to such a small geographical area in such a short period of time.
Has been devastating.
I don't know if we're ever going to recover from it, which, you know, basically is the essence of the article of this guy wrote in the Times.
Is Miami ever going to come back?
Can we survive?
I don't think we are because what I noticed in Chicago, they have a lot of Mexicans, a lot of Puerto Ricans.
I went to Greek town and had wonderful Greek food.
And I mean, they have ethnicity there also, but not at all.
Like we see down here and, of course, a lot of blacks, black mayor, so forth.
But everybody just seems to get along.
They hold the door open when they see you running for an elevator.
Here, it's almost with glee that they let it shut.
And there's a Dan with shopping bags in your hand.
Everyone's polite.
And I don't think that they're going to ever create this feeling of warmth.
And they don't care.
They just, they've taken it over.
They want it.
And as far as I'm concerned, they can have it.
I just, I'm sorry they have to give up on it.
I've been here over 20 years, but I really can't take it anymore.
And I had a call on the other day who debated the fact that this thing is spread into plantation.
And I don't know where this individual is hanging out, but if you go into Broward Mall, there's some of the shops.
You hear some of the help babbling away in Espanol.
And, you know, it's just a matter of time.
You know, in the old days, when immigration was, was the kind of immigration I was talking about before,
there were ethnic neighborhoods.
There were a few blocks, maybe a square mile or a few blocks that were Italian.
And another area that was Jewish or Polish or whatever it was.
But this immigration has been so uncontrolled and so out of hand that it's just sweeping over the entire area.
And we have another culture and another mindset and another, a whole other world that's come in here
and just devastated and completely turned around what this area used to be.
I totally agree.
I want to tell you about my one date.
Well, my cousin used to be married to this man. He's a jeweler and he's Jewish and he sells beads.
And so I just, well, behind his back, I call him, Jew, Jew, bead.
But it means, I know that was terrible, but he deserved it.
He deserved a lot more.
When you hear what I tell you, I say with the girlfriend, the whole time I was there, so it's very fortunate, very cheap vacation for me.
We went out to one of the loveliest hotels there and had dinner and my friend came along.
And after dinner, after lovely dinner, this man picked up the napkin, blew his nose in the napkin.
After we got home, I said to my girlfriend, her name is Gay.
And I call her Gaysie.
And her middle name is Leon.
So her mother must have been all messed up.
I don't know, but anyway, I have...
Her middle name is Leon?
Her middle name.
Gay Leon.
What?
Gay Leon.
Gay Leon.
Oh, I think I know him.
Well, I said Gaysie, did you see that? You said, darling, you must be nuts.
It was, it was, it had to have been a handkerchief.
I said, well, I'll know tomorrow.
The next, the following evening, I went to, I went out with him again.
I'm a blood and pro punishment.
And we went to a Greek restaurant.
Thank God they had red napkins.
Now I was along with this man.
And oh, he was just so obnoxious at this point.
I knew I wanted to get home, but I really didn't take that much money with me because I just had a little bag.
You put lipstick and a handkerchief, you know, one of those things.
Uh-huh.
Two.
And so I ordered the cheapest thing on the menu, Musaka.
And he sent his food back.
He was just, nothing would please him.
And at the end of the dinner, he picked up the red napkins.
And I knew that I had been right all along and he, and they all know him there.
I mean, it must be a big spender.
And he blew his nose in the napkin again.
And this was the first for me.
It was the only distasteful thing that happened to me the entire time I was here.
So it's a great place to visit, but uh...
I don't know.
Yeah.
Don't hang around with that guy.
Okay, well, listen.
So, I've used six minutes before what at WINZ.
We have an open line in Broward, 524, 9400.
We have an hour and six minutes to go.
And for some bizarre reason, it's flying by here today, but I know in that last hour, we'll probably make up for it.
America, you sure have a thing.
I'm saying I'm a gun owner and I've had a concealed weapons permit for about the last 10 years because of the kind of business that I'm in.
But he has an idea that if everybody carried a gun on their side, that we would reduce crime.
And I think it's a really unrealistic idea, because I think the one thing that he doesn't have in mind,
and this is a personal experience of my brother-in-law was shot in the back four weeks ago after a traffic incident,
and now he's paralyzed from the waist down.
If he would read some of the statistics of accidental gun injuries and just from flare-ups of temper and domestic violence,
and that ends with a gun shot.
Did you see the story, one of the most tragic stories I've ever seen about the vendor in Miami a couple days ago?
Yeah, right, exactly.
And this guy was closing up his little vending shop and getting ready to go home and a friend of his was standing there,
and the guy carried a gun on him, the vendor.
And his friend, as a joke, came up behind him and said, this is a stick up or something like that,
and he put his finger in his back like he had a gun and the guy turned around and blew his friend away.
Absolutely.
Thought it was a stick up and killed him.
I mean, you read about it every single day in a paper.
You read about one tragedy after another and to think that to have everybody carrying a weapon,
it's just ridiculous.
You can run away from a club, you can run away from a knife, you can run away from a stick,
but it's very difficult to run away from a maniac with a gun that's one shot and just ruin your life.
Well, you said maniac and that stands, so what can I tell you?
Thanks a lot, Neil, I'll enjoy your show.
Thanks for calling.
By the way, people in Century Village of course are up in arms and Pemberg Pines about this latest crime wave
and they're asking for more security and they have a very unique way.
They're not into this violent business either because they don't want to see any innocent bystander get blown away.
So they're arming themselves with sweet and low at Century Village and this probably, you know, we owe an apology,
I would think to a lot of these folks, because this is what happens if you have enough packs in your purse,
what you do is when you see trouble coming, you open them up and in a flutter of pink,
these people are blinded and shocked and it gives you ample time to hobble away, so it works out very well.
Hollywood, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you?
You know, after many years of research, they finally came out with a way to avoid AIDS.
Let's go to Hollywood, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
I just wanted to call and I wanted to touch on a couple of points.
I've lived here all my life and I love it down here and I agree with you though that there are just so many people out to destroy what we have here.
Like the last caller, you know, you can tell about 70% of the time on these shows if the voice is old and crotchety sounding,
it's going to be, you know, a disaster, it's going to be some bitter night.
I didn't even let them finish, you know, but somebody who just wants to take a miserable shot at the whole human race.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, the shot I want to take is that Dick Maracox, if I can say that.
Yeah.
Okay, good.
Because that's the way I feel about him.
You know, I read about, about three years ago, I read in the paper just before all this, you know, before they killed off the spring break.
I started reading where a lot of the more influential people that lived there on the street were starting to complain to the council and to Maracox.
And, you know, the thing that gets me is those people, you know, they were complaining that they were having a hard time getting into their park and spots and their condominiums and, you know, so forth.
And those people, I believe those people are behind the reason why Maracox is doing what he's doing.
Those same people had bought that property there on the beach so they could, you know, when they were a little bit younger so they could look at the young hard bodies have gone impenet now.
And now they're more concerned about whether or not they can park their cars.
Yeah.
All they want to look at is old soft bodies.
Yeah, well, they don't even care anymore.
They just want to get in an out of their park and spots.
But, you know, that's about it.
I just wanted to, you know, tell you let you know how I felt about Maracox.
Well, he's, you know, he's a relic of the past and a real Neanderthal and the fact that he's the mayor of Fort Lauderdale, I think says it all.
He's a throwback to the dark ages and that's exactly what he and his cohorts have managed to do.
And between them and the fascist Gestapo police up there, boy, they've, they really done a great number.
Isn't it amazing that an area that always had all that good free press, all that free publicity from the movie where the boys are and all those other, you know, movies about Fort Lauderdale?
And the general image of spring break only because, you know, we were lucky enough to have the natural geographical attribute.
Nobody did anything special to create it.
It just happened to be there.
Isn't it amazing how they've been able in just a couple of quick years to destroy the whole thing?
Yeah. Well, it under the water.
Well, it doesn't take long to kill a rose, you know.
Yep, you got it.
Okay, well thanks a lot.
Have a nice weekend. Hollywood. Hello.
Good morning.
Hi.
Good afternoon. Whatever.
Whatever it is, man.
This made my day.
Okay.
They had Pope Pop Sickles.
Yeah.
Because one time when I was a widow at 24, my husband died during World War II.
And I accidentally dated this person that had been a dropout priest.
He had been in the seminary of whatever it is they have about five years and almost lost his mind.
So he got out of it.
But he told me that they taught them oral genital sex to protect the nuns.
And so I think that Pope Pop Sickles are just great.
Okay, man.
How about that?
Okay. Well, we'll certainly give the Archbishop your highest regards.
113 at WYNZ. We have an open line in date now.
624-9400.
And we'll go to Pompano. Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes.
Listen to you for the past six weeks.
I think you're doing a great show.
Absolutely.
Hey, I'll find a mind.
I got a morselence for the first time.
He loves Madonna.
And I wanted you to him to hear your comments about her.
Well, I mean, what is her to say?
I mean, she's a slot, a sleaze bag, disgusting vulgar grotesque.
What is her to say?
Not to mention his hairy and probably smells bad.
Not much more, I guess.
But I will say this.
I will say this that when she hooked up with Sean Penn, that was a match made in Heaven.
I mean, two eternal sleaze bags.
Good.
Okay.
One more thing.
Could you play a song for me?
Well, it all depends.
If it's Madonna, forget it.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
You can call Stan Hillplay Madonna.
That's for sure.
How about Ali Be Good for everybody who hasn't had their fill about that country right here?
Oh, yeah.
I have to dig around for that.
I haven't played that yet.
Okay.
All right.
See you later.
Yes, Stan Hillplay Madonna.
In fact, you noticed that almost all of the songs that Stan plays, except for I want to be
Don Johnson and that long, terminal Elvis cut that live album, are female, whether it's
Abba or Madonna.
See, I like music because it sounds good.
Whether it's male, female, whether it's a group, makes no difference to me.
I like it because it sounds good.
I like the sound of the beat, whatever.
Stan, of course, likes it only because it is a fantasy or is an accessory to a fantasy.
Although, how anybody could fantasize about Madonna beats a hell out of me.
I don't understand it.
Surfside, hello.
Oh.
Oh, very good.
From Surfside, no less.
Shame on you, honey.
Wash your mouth out with chlorox.
Stan comes on it to a clock, okay?
Miami Shore is, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Breathe that last lady.
She was good, wasn't she?
Yeah.
Real talented.
Good head on her shoulders.
Yeah.
Literally.
I moved down here in 66.
Back in those days, Miami was a really fun town.
They had a lot of things going for young people.
They used to have in the late 60s, they had love-ins in Grenel's Park on the weekends.
They had a place called the image that had live music.
Big bands used to come down there like the doors and led Zeppelin and bands like that.
I think personally, in 1970, after Jim Morrison did his famous masturbating on stage act at the dinner key auditorium,
they had this big decency rally in the Orange Bowl and Jackie Gleason, may he rest, was involved in that.
I think that was that actual incident could have been the beginning of the end,
because that's when all the righteous people came out of the closet and decided they were going to trash the free-wheeling image of Miami
and turned it into the subtitle town and it's just split that way ever since.
Well, I'll tell you another one of the real turning points.
And this is a little bit pre-1980 when everybody claims that the demarcation line was,
when the Anita Bryant business went on here in 1977,
that really focused national spotlight on this town and it made this look like a real repressive right wing backwards.
It really focused a lot of negativity on this town.
And the guy who called earlier about Fort Lauderdale being such a contradiction, and I've said that for years,
on the one hand, we want to do all these PR campaigns and have the posters with the half-naked women and so on and the sun and fun and all of that.
But on the other hand, we don't want to have that here. In other words, we want to pedal a good image to everybody else to sucker them into coming here,
but then when they get here, we don't want anything going on.
Exactly. Exactly.
It's like Spring Break. It's one thing to say it. Say this is what we're all about, but if you try to live it, watch out fast, they slam you down.
You got it.
Yeah. Well, listen, Neil, I've been listening to you for a while now and I really enjoy it.
And, you know, thanks for being there. Keep it up.
Okay, thanks for calling.
Okay.
One 18 at W.I. and Z. Of course, the Jim Morrison is doing his thing on Zeta several times each hour.
So if you're one of those Jim Morrison fans, I do like the doors. I have all their albums and all of that, but, you know, how many times can you hear LA woman in one hour, right?
Okay, we have one open line. It's in Dade County, 6249400 Stan Major is in the room.
Hi, honey.
And he's smoking one of those Dominican supositories that he received yesterday.
Kyle, by the way, tells me that the whole building is now infested with the smoke and they've actually got him a little smoke eater up there.
I'm not really a smoke eater. It's a noise machine.
Remember the one we had in here? Well, this one makes three times the amount of noise that that one did.
That's good. You won't be able to hear us.
Well, in the case of your show, you think that's a public service.
So what do you have lined up for us today? Well, let me take my break first and then I'll take your break because I see a lot of spots in here today.
You may not have much of a show.
I have nothing show when I don't have any commercial. Well, I didn't want to be the one to say it.
Okay, 119 at W.I.N.C. when we come back, Stan is going to preview. How are the frogs last night, by the way?
They should have been really wild because it was pouring.
I've found them. Oh, did you find them? I found them.
Did you get rid of them? No, but I'm going to be open to ideas.
Okay. In fact, that's going to be the whole show today, probably.
No, it is not. Hey, listen, you got a microwave.
Okay, welcome back right after this.
A sister of the man who was shot in the back. Oh, this is going to really be something. Hello.
Hi. Hi.
Yes, it was my brother who got shot in the back.
Boy.
And he was in a traffic altercation is what they called it.
This guy was weaving in and out of traffic and cutting everybody off.
My brother got his license tag number to report him for, you know, because you can do that.
And my brother had passed him and that's when he shot him in the back.
Unbelievable.
Okay, now this guy is out and he owns three guns.
My brother doesn't own a gun. My brother is now paralyzed from the waist down.
But this guy is out walking around and owns three guns.
You see what I mean? It's like, it's crazy.
And I don't think the answer is to run away from what's happening here.
You know, because all we're doing is giving in.
You know, it's like what we need to do is not fight.
I'm against violence.
But if we let him take over my army, how far does it go from there?
Yeah, well, we need to scream bloody murder.
We need to make some noise.
And the first thing we need to do is, you know, bring out the truth.
And maybe this article that's coming out in the Times tomorrow, if nothing else,
at least it'll focus attention on it again, whether they like it or not.
Yeah, right. Exactly.
You like that.
It's corrupt all over the place.
And besides that, teaching our children morals.
What kind of morals are they learning when they see the government is, you know, denying.
You know, and stuff like this, you know?
I mean, I think that they learn and they, you know, children are really brilliant.
And they're not going to, you know, it's like when they say, do as I say, not as I do, you know,
you've got to show them that, you know, that there's morals.
But what are we showing them as far as the government, as far as everything?
You know, that's the thing.
Yeah.
So these kids, you know, they have deniability to begin with because they try and test you and, you know, and stuff.
But now it's even worse, you know, even when I was growing up, it wasn't this bad, you know.
But I have a young daughter and, you know, but the thing is, the last American, you know, please bring the flag.
Where, too? How far do we run?
Okay. Hang in there.
I will. I will. And my brother happens to be doing great, but I'll tell you.
It's really shame because it's, you know, it's like this guy is out and walking around and, you know, he has three guns and who knows what can happen.
You know, it's like, where does it all end or where can we begin without violence?
Okay. I appreciate hearing from you, dear.
Okay. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
I know.
25 past one at W.I. and Z. We have two open lines now. They're both in day, it's 624 9400.
I have a feeling it's going to be quite a stand major show this afternoon. Why don't you just keep his mic off the whole show? That's all.
See, upset?
You don't know. You don't care, do you? Good.
Okay. I don't run, you know, everybody is so uptight around here lately. They're just all uptight.
I mean, they were ripping me yesterday from what he just tells me. I didn't even hear it.
Him and Tweety Bird were ripping me because I've been such a pussycat since I came back from vacation.
Could have fooled me.
Miami Beach, hello.
Hello, me, Neil. How are you?
Good.
Listen, can I talk about the Ignoamus on WIOU?
No. Margued, hello.
Yes, Neil, how are you doing?
Good.
Neil, I was wondering when the folks coming down.
You were wondering?
Yeah.
Why did you want to buy him some underwear or something?
I want to go down and see him, of course.
September 12th.
How about a power, doesn't he?
September 12th.
Okay, September 12th.
Okay, you go down and see him?
No.
Oh, why not?
I have to go to the track that day.
How often do you see an important man like that, though?
An important man like that?
Yeah.
Well, the president's going to be here at the same time, so we'll see two important men.
Yeah, that's great.
Together, yeah.
Thanks.
Okay, good luck to you, sir.
I hope you enjoy your popsicle.
Miramar, hello.
Miramar.
Miramar.
I'm going to get some water.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, it's Neil.
Yeah.
This is Hollywood, not Miramar.
Okay, well, it's close.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Okay, glad to have you back.
Neil, okay, you can play that I-95 song for that young lady, the one not the last one, but the one before.
Now, I only had a couple of words to say.
Oh, that, I dumped it.
Oh, it was on the radio.
I heard it.
No, it wasn't on the radio.
It was on the phone.
Oh, okay, maybe so.
Okay, Neil, I talked to you quite a while back about having some tapes from your old shows.
You could play on the radio.
Yeah.
Are you still going to do that?
Yeah, next time I go on vacation, in fact, they're taping all the shows now.
So that next time I go on vacation, we don't have to have Oli North hearings on.
Do you see how it, up there when you went up to New York?
No, I wasn't in New York City.
Oh, I see.
Rochester then.
Right, which is a long way from the city.
Okay, I got one here for you.
Okay, you know, the people in the market, you know, like yourself and everything.
You know, they're taking polls all the time.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, you could take one for Uncle Oli, and we'll call it the North Pole.
That's kind of dry.
Yeah.
Yeah, you had a beather.
Okay.
Appreciate listening to your show, Neil.
See you at Galleria.
Okay.
Goodbye now.
Good luck to you, sir.
Have a wonderful life.
We have a couple of open lines in Broward, not in fact all of Broward lines just opened up.
524...
9400.
524...
9400.
Everything was coasting along, and then Major came in, and we seemed to have had a major altercation here in the last couple of minutes.
And I don't know what's going on, but I'm just very pleased.
I'm ready to kiss the ground, or even the Pope's ring, that in 32 minutes I'm going to be long going out of here.
Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hi, how are you?
Good.
Good.
Let's get the heavy back.
Neil, you were early on, you know, we were arguing about Delta, and I wanted to tell you that my husband is in the airline business station here out of Miami.
And he told me that two or three days ago, an incident was not reported in the newspaper on the TV.
He doesn't know how it ever got through, but he told me this incident where there was a Delta Headah.
767, leaving from California to New York.
And not too far out into the flight, one of the engines went out.
And a 767 only has two engines.
So naturally, pilots are told immediately when that engine goes out to fly to the nearest airport.
Well, we do believe what this pilot did.
He flew from California all the way to New York with one engine.
And when he landed in New York and his feet hit terra firmer, he was fired on the spot, but that never got out.
Can you imagine him in danger, the rise of all those people?
How'd you like the one who shut off both engines?
Oh, but I mean, and the plane dropped to within a few hundred feet of the ocean.
That was almost a bit real uplifting in here.
My husband says, you know, the shuttle, but, you know, among the pilots, they cannot believe, of course, they, they, they all contributed to very poor training.
But I think, I mean, I couldn't, when he told me that story, I just couldn't believe a seven-year-old child would have had better judgment.
And they're told immediately in training, if that ever, I mean, if, whether you have three engines, four engines or whatever, immediately fly to the next destination.
Immediately, this follows to what 3,000 miles to New York with most of the people on that airplane?
Yeah. Well, you know, to solve a comment we've had about this, I brought it up yesterday briefly.
And then I mentioned it to get, again, today a couple of times, and then nobody cares about it.
And I guarantee you, people are going to go out there and do business as usual, and wherever they have to get, whatever is the cheapest and the most convenient, the most, and that's all they care about.
But I mean, as that is, to me, that is unbelievable.
Absolutely, like I say, no, I'm a petitioner.
A child would have had better, you know, if he would have, a child would have used better judgment in that.
Well, you know, a pilot is like a brain surgeon or, you know, any kind of physician he's got the power of life and death in his hands.
And when it kind of incredibly stupid and lacks things go on, and I notice, you know, nobody cares.
Nobody gives a damn about it. I don't hear anybody else talking about it. So, life goes on in a big city.
We have an open line in date, 6249-400-131 at WINZ, our next call from Haya Lea. Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you today?
Good.
Listen, I just yesterday there was a comment made about the people going on welfare and not getting unemployment.
Not on issue.
No, sir, on the gentleman that followed you.
Well, call him and talk about it.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
Well, I forgot.
I forgot.
I forgot.
I forgot.
That we don't know why!
All we know now.
It's not easy, it's not easy, it's not easy, it's not easy.
I wonder why I hadn't played that before. They fed it down the CBS line a few days ago.
You won't hear that on this show again.
18 before 2 at WINZ, we have a couple of open lines still in Broward, 5249400.
Where shall we go? He asked, and the answer is...
