In the middle of no man's land, all right, we go into that public's and stand immediately says look at all of these incredible people
Coming out of this store even one of the bag boys approached me in that store and said are you neo-rojers? I couldn't believe it
Now it might not necessarily have been the one that I was hoping for but that was a first we're starting to move in the right direction
One of the bag boys in that public's
Recognized me listens to the show is brother listen to it was just
Incredible
Then stay went into a little store in that same shopping center called scoop to nuts
Or they sell coffee and nuts and stuff like that
And the kid who was working behind a counter was sitting there on a Hershey's chocolate milk telephone
Have you ever seen one of those? I mean it really is impressive when you walk into a place of business
And a guy is sitting there behind a cash register talking on a what looks like a big container of chocolate milk
You know that's impressive like maybe they belong in a rubber room or something in this store
And he also had a very interesting companion sitting there next to him which was I don't know what function he was serving
Other than perhaps to boost morale
But that was a really interesting experience and Stan was grinding the coffee and I was hanging out at the counter
And then came the moment of truth
Because finally he's got his scooped his coffee and I've scooped everything I can get my hands on in there
And now he says you want to go up for some ice cream
To E-Mac and Bolios and I said well boy this could be embarrassing
And then I said that's a good that's good enough reason in itself let's go
And we drive up there and who's behind a counter but a young lady that I've never seen before
No Brian no Josh not even Susette
Who I shouldn't have said it that way should I Susette will take except well I don't mean not even but I mean we know Susette
Here's this new young lady and of course Stan is now at this point
Salivating foaming at the mouth crawling over the counter carrying on in his usual subhuman barbaric behavior right
And it comes to find out that this young lady is
Michel
Not the one from Channel 10
Michel my bell
These onwards that go together well
Okay so now we get the ice cream Stan is just dribbling and drooling over the counter we go outside
There was almost nobody there last night by the way
Look like a ghost town
There was a couple that came in while we were there we go outside now this couple comes out and it turns out that it's Dan and Lisa
Not David and Lisa but Dan from Chicago and Lisa
Okay
And this just it kind of starts to snowball now and now there are other people who know us who are showing up not a whole lot
And it turns out that Michelle knew who we were assumed that we were very upset because Brian wasn't there
Stan of course took great umbrage of that because his his image is rapidly wilting
But anyway to make a long story short we ensues that finally showed up a little bit later on everybody is happy
Nobody's upset they did take my name off the blackboard I will mention that
They did for some bizarre reason take Uncle Niels name off the blackboard
And as a peace offering because I like there I've always liked the ice cream Stan who really wasn't that crazy until he saw
Michelle last night now has suddenly taken a great turn and
Loves he earns for their ice cream okay he salivates for it and at about three thirty this afternoon
He's gonna make such a jackass out of my want you whatever you do make a note on your calendar now at about three thirty this afternoon
Be sure to be listening to the Stan major show because he's gonna just totally humiliate and degrade himself on the air for this little
High school girl now would we do that on this show no for Brian for example of course not just a radio show
When I go there I go for the ice cream if there are any other amusements to look at that's great
But you know Stan he takes all of this very seriously I mean super seriously so Monday night we decided that there are no football football games on Monday night right
No football games on Monday now I'm getting choked up about it you know I'm one of those people who can't survive without my football
And so we thought that we would try it again the last Monday was very spontaneous and even though it was just a couple of mentions look at the crowd
We had we had people from everywhere who showed up and this Monday night at about seven o'clock
Not only will Stan major and Neil Rogers be at the ice cream store but for his first public appearance ladies and gentlemen the bird
Now we know that it's a mistake we know that his image will never be the same again and those of you who want to bring your cameras those of you or
And the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of
the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the
the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the
the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the
other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other one of the other
and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone and then we had a couple of really desperate people on the phone
and then we had a couple of people who we actually felt they needed a couple of people I don't know if you imagine there would not be a couple of people who you actually couldn't introduce anybody and let you know that you'll see what they learned from them and let you know what they learned from them and let you know what they learned from those people who I was like, what he learned from the phone, the phone, the phone, the phone, was his phone, all the friends and the other people I was like, this would be one thing and it was like, what they learned from the phone, the phone, the phone, the phone, the phone
really fascinating to watch John McLaughlin last night up there. Kyle should have been here to
oversee that because it was one of the most incredible jobs in the history. Took him, I would say,
no more than 10, 15 minutes to get the two people on together at the very most. It was a little nerve
racking to say the best, but we did our best. We tried. We did get Jeff muttering somewhere in
the background. He said something like, oh God, that's good. And that was it. So probably we'll hear
from some people who got through on that line. And then we had the guy who called in, who gave us
these other numbers for date. And we gave the sweet blues number out. So we probably have a
lot of satisfied customers this morning who've been calling these numbers all over the country.
And they're just having a hell of a great time. Okay.
It's a good time. 24 before 11 and W I and Z. Our first caller this morning, we are very
honored to have on a mobile phone. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Very good. What's up?
Neil, listen, I was listening here, sure, yesterday. You mentioned Michael Jackson in the video.
Yeah. Yeah. The spurs on his boots, so it's like silver things. Yeah. I want to get a pair.
You know, I can get some. Yeah, I think at the Olympiast Corral, I think they're having a sale
on them this weekend in Miramar. They look pretty good at me. Yeah. I want to get a pair of
them. Listen, how that bird that he belongs in that wing thing for Y-100. The wing thing?
Yeah. That's what they're having over that. They're having a wing thing?
Yeah. It's a wing thing. It sounds like some one breasted, yes, me.
Okay. Well, listen, have a wonderful life, my friend. How much is this call cost in
it? Oh, I don't know. We'll find out when I get the bill.
Okay. Well, send it to the bird. He'll take care of it for you, sir.
Okay. Okay. There he goes. He's gone. Someone mailed you a cart again.
You know, I don't know what's going on, but you know, they're like listeners who are
mailing us cartridges from radio stations. If all you engineers are wondering where the carts
are disappearing to in South Florida, don't blame us. Look at that. 7.20.79. That's an old car.
That's how it all off. That's what it was reweld. How long is it? It's a four minute. That's
good. We like those. We can use those. Who is this from?
Mike Future Broadcaster. Do you know Mike Future? I guess that's a disc jockey name. Mike Future,
like Linda Energy and Oh, I see it came from a broadcasting school. Johnny Dark.
Oh, there's radio names. He's the one who sent a sex over the phone. Oh, Yamama. That's
Yo, Mama. Yo, Mama. Yo, Mama.
Okay. We'd be good and you'd be bad.
Okay. Should I try this on the ear? Should I play it cold? He says it's clean. It's by
teaching Chong. It could be good. It could be good. It could be disgusting. It could be filthy.
Well, teaching Chong, you had a chance. Did Vanna, you know, pick me a letter or that?
Teaching Chong. It is? Yeah. Obviously. It's teaching Chong. How do you know that?
You can tell by the by the sound by the voice. You know, it's them for sure. Absolutely.
Positive. Sure. You'd bet your life on it. You bet. A man of the payphone said that WKPX
need $6,000 to repair the damage it was done by the lightning strike. And what are we supposed to
do? Take donate. Hey, we'll raise the money for him. We can't afford to go non-directional in
the daytime because we have all that equipment sitting back on EFM, but we certainly would be
delighted to raise money for WKPX so they can be very nice to us again. What can we do for you,
Mr. Rogers? You douche? Would you like to send them a couple of noemists? You'd like to make a
donation. Call the business line at WKPX 748-286-0. 748-286-0 and, you know, dig deep into your pocket
because we know that the students at Piper High always have their hands deep in their pockets.
Good morning class. Good morning class. Here's the biology class this morning at Piper High.
Thank you. As you know, your regular teacher, Sister Rosetta Stowe, is on a small vacation.
However, she does send her love at least finger paintings and thus cloth she's making.
I am your substitute teacher, Sister Mary Elephant.
Okay, I think we'll be joining that in progress a little bit. Wouldn't that be good? We can
join that back and forth throughout the day. I want to overdo it. That was a minor hit.
I think they used to play that on Y100 back in the 1970s. Yeah, are you serious? I think so,
Sister Mary Elephant. Okay, now what was this about Crazy Creamer that somebody was saying the other day?
The Music Man? Crazy Creamer. Crazy Creamer. The Music Man. What about them? What about the old guy?
Somebody made some kind of a psychosexual innuendo the other day when I was on with Stan.
No, yes. The Kramer? Kramer and me as a matter of fact, we were going to do something with the cheerleaders?
Like what? Not much.
Sorry about that. That sounds like Kramer to me.
Yeah, it's kind of like you're an odd couple. Well, we'll check with Tanner and see what he has to say about it.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Mobile.
Hello. Mobile.
I'm just thanking you for the album I received yesterday in the mail.
Okay, now let me ask you this. Was it all folded up and crinkled like the one that the other guy called in about?
Oh, I checked that out first thing I was figuring the Carol City post office. Did something with it?
Yeah, but I looked at the post mark and you know what it said?
Oh, Baraka. Oh, yeah. That's all our mail goes through. Oh, it goes through Opalaka?
Yeah. Oh, that explains it. You know, by way of the salt and I guess.
Anyway, it did come to the mail and I thought it'd be good.
Okay. What's that? Okay. Okay. Is that it?
That's it. You know, people can talk in a water cooler, you know.
Are you going to come up and see us at the ice cream store on Monday? That's the question.
Probably not. What time? 7 o'clock, 7, 8, you know, around in there.
Yeah, I might do that. Sure. Good. You might fall for eight.
Yeah, I can relate to this. Tanner can relate to this.
And he del and the Rick and Spuds, you bet.
You what you del did.
Because of that, Eric. Okay. How'd it go?
Wait a minute. You were probably waiting for a response, weren't you?
And one of the ways, one of the very easy and inexpensive,
underlying in red ways of doing that is doing what he was doing.
I know. Okay. Listen, have a wonderful day.
You too. Okay. These presents yesterday were from Power 96.
No, they stole you a freight train. We didn't get the joke, but that's what the train.
What do you mean they were from Power 96? They called yesterday.
Well, who are these people that brought them in?
That was that magazine, right? That was from the people.
You mean inches? The one that you were telling Terry about in the hall is I was leaving.
He asked me. You are the worst yin-tay.
He really asked me leaving the studio and he's got Terry cornered up against the wall.
He's saying no. She had this magazine today called inches.
No, she came to me and asked me about it.
About what? It's just a picture of Jeff Stryker again on the cover with his beautiful deep-ten body.
That's what I told her. I mean, who cares about that?
The people brought you that. And if you open it up to the center fold,
it's got another picture of Jeff Stryker with his beautifully-tanned body and his motor cycle.
And what a motor cycle it is. That's disgusting. I mean, I hate to say that too,
but it's just it's wrong for him. Okay. He needs to have a transplant. That does not belong on his body.
It doesn't fit. Now, first of all, it looks very red and swollen, first of all.
And it just does not belong on his body. The rest of everything is great.
They can't help it. That's, no, that does not belong there. I'm sorry. Am I right, Terry?
That just doesn't... No, it doesn't. It doesn't fit. It's disgusting.
Now, I could recommend him to a great surgeon that I saw last night for the...
We did the preliminaries. And this weekend, I'm having the surgery finished.
Not coming on Monday. He said my voice might be a little higher, but Michael Jackson,
such a big hit already. That's just a genetic accident.
Yeah. Like the rest of them as a genetic accident.
So, you have to take the good with the bad. That's right.
Right? You can't help. You have to take the thick with the lean.
Point and B, shallow. On his dime, I can't believe it. What a...
Okay, last of the big time spenders. I spent money on you last night too.
What do you mean by that? I spoke to Jeff Stryker for you.
Okay. You didn't get to really talk to him, did you?
Yes, I did, actually.
Finally.
There was a minute.
No.
Listen, maybe you're not breathing hard, but I am.
An enormous, literate conversation.
An enormous, literate, articulate conversation.
Eight, very, very nice person.
What did he have to say?
Well, I spoke about you.
And he would like to speak to you.
And he gave me a number and he'd like me to get some numbers to knew
and call him back and he'd like to call you.
He'd like to what?
Oh, you are in the air.
Do you realize what we do?
We could have an 89 share on that.
Even the straight guys in town are now obsessed with Jeff Stryker.
I found that.
It's true.
He offered to send you an autograph, picture.
Oh.
He offered to send me one, but I didn't want to give him my address.
Why not?
Oh, you...
He got my phone number.
So what's wrong with that?
Because he said he's coming to Miami.
He's going to be spending a lot of time down here.
And you didn't give him your number?
Well, I've got his number to call him back.
When's he coming to town?
Oh, my God.
Hi. When's he coming to town?
Actually, I don't know.
He's expected to come down here.
He's got a lot of work to do.
I bet.
Yeah.
He said, you know, he worked very hard.
My audience alone could keep him busy for days on end.
That's what I told him, I said, he's got devoted fans all over the place.
Oh, boy.
I asked him, I said, are you getting an inordinate amount of phone calls from Miami?
And he said, yes.
He said, you know why?
I said, well, this person, the old roger.
And...
You said this person?
You didn't say that, did you?
Yeah.
I don't want you to spoil my image.
Try to butcher up a little bit.
Come on.
It's just a coincidence.
So how did you get through to him?
You just dialed the number?
Yeah, I'll tell you what.
I was going to a movie last night.
I got dressed.
I was standing around waiting for my ride.
What was it?
Power Tool Part 6?
The big easy.
Okay.
Close.
Yeah.
Anyway, so I'm standing there waiting and I said, what the heck?
I'll call him up.
And I, the phone rang through and I thought it'd be one of these stupid recordings.
Yeah.
And the phone rang and it clicked over.
And I didn't say anything and I heard this hello.
And I said, hello.
He said, who says?
I said, well, who says?
He said, Jeff.
I said, is this really Jeff Stryker?
He said, yeah.
He said, where are you calling from?
He asked me my name and all this stuff.
And then it clicked off and I had called him back.
You know, you had your little two minutes.
And then I started talking to me.
He said, well, here call me back as this number.
Yeah.
As it won't be interrupted.
Are you serious?
Oh, boy.
And non-interruptus?
An interrupted.
We talked about...
Jeff is non-interruptus.
As the Greeks used to say, yes.
But he would very much like to speak to you on the...
I think he wants to promote his new movie.
Yeah, of course.
We think a light of the promote is new movie.
How to Stryker for us?
Stryker for us?
Stryker for us.
Oh, yeah. That's the buy one, isn't it?
Where he teaches you if you want it, you've got to buy it.
Yeah.
I don't know.
So what are all these numbers?
Do you want to give them to Kyle?
Because we don't want to give him money here.
He told me not to give them out.
He asked me to get the numbers from you and call him back.
To do what?
He wanted me to call him with the number.
Oh, with what number?
With your number.
Oh, we can give him the hotline.
Yeah, you have a number that he wouldn't have to wait on hold by Kyle.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
But you know, in other words, you don't want to give us his private number.
Oh, he asked me not to.
Oh, but we can give him how much how much would it cost?
I
know.
Do we have any prizes to give away?
I would.
How about my last week's TV guy?
With Brook Shields on the covers.
How about Teen Magazine 16?
It's got a Kirk Cameron on the cover.
I'm telling you.
Nothing.
No.
Okay, we can't this guy can't be bought.
River Phoenix inside.
Right.
No, he's tough.
This guy's tough.
Not even the whole Phoenix family.
Really?
Rainbow River.
None of us.
All right.
How about Jason Gedrich's home phone number?
You have to.
I think we're getting close.
Everyone has that price.
Here from one Jason Gedrich.
Okay.
How about the Pat Peterson's own Michael Jackson glow?
Used.
No.
Pat's going to get kicked off on the show.
How about you say that?
He was on there last night.
They were having his birthday party.
Yeah.
And we didn't get to see anything.
Did you see it?
I'd be out.
I did.
How do you know he's getting kicked off the show?
I don't know that.
No, no changes.
Sure they're going to replace him with probably red buttons.
Red buttons.
At red buttons now have Bob Hope and now.
Yeah, right.
And they bring back Bing Cros.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, Bing's not the singing too well.
He's like,
but a mill's.
They're both about as excited.
Yeah, Donna Mills and Bing both they shoot them both
through the same screen as a matter of fact.
Well, listen, how are we going to do this?
He's on a four.
So give him the hotline number and then you can pass it on.
Now, how are you sure you're going to get through to him again?
Oh, you've got the good number.
Yeah.
Wow.
Oh, boy.
This guy, you don't realize what it is.
You don't seem to understand that if people.
I understand the position.
The position you're in, well, we don't want to get into that.
Okay, it's 11 in the morning and it's a family show and they're monitoring
important.
And so we don't want to get into that position.
That's right.
Huh?
It's three hours early.
So how did he sound?
I mean, you can give us a little, a little something.
How did he sound?
It's very nice.
Because in the movies, to be honest with you, he has a rather limited vocabulary,
you know?
Uh, he doesn't seem all that bright, but he's very nice.
Strangely.
Oh, yeah.
Very friendly.
Is he related to Brian, the ice cream store by any chance?
Am I?
No, him.
Oh, no, I don't.
You haven't been to the ice cream store.
No.
No way up here.
No, what do you mean?
Where are you?
Pointing beach.
Oh, he that's right.
He's in Boiton and this is on his dime.
Good lord.
Well, this is important.
You mean there are Jeff Stryker fans in Boiton Beach?
Holy cow.
Now there are.
Holy Toledo.
And my own fan court.
So how long did you talk to him?
About 15 minutes.
Oh my god, just long enough, huh?
Just, uh, no.
No.
You wouldn't do anything like that.
No, not on the phone.
Why waste the time?
Of course, when you can have the real thing.
I know.
If I wait long enough.
If we all wait a lifetime.
Okay, well, I guess we're not going to squeeze any more out of you.
So, uh, hold on a minute and Kyle will give you the bad line number.
Then you can give it to, uh, you know, and tell him, now listen to problem is
we're on 10 to two Eastern time.
That's like seven in the morning till 11 7 11.
This one is on that 12 and the little hand it.
He understood me.
Keep those numbers in mind.
7 11.
It should be easy for him to remember.
7 11 his time.
Yeah.
In between there.
Like he's probably up by 10.
Yeah.
Maybe even after a long rough night's work.
He knew W I and Z.
He did?
He did.
Oh, that's because he comes down here all of a sudden.
He said he's down there a lot.
I said, I know.
Yeah, he said 21.
I understand.
I don't want to mention Alice's name, but somebody ran.
Then don't pick on him.
Okay.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Did we do something to offend you?
Two kids.
Okay.
I'm trying to be very nice and you're picking on him.
Okay.
Sorry.
Okay, hold on.
Okay.
He's on four and if you would just give him the bad line and we'll be all set.
One of these days when we've he's expected.
Mm-hmm.
We'll come this voice on the radio.
Hello.
Is this Neil?
Now, just a just a joke, Jeff, don't get upset.
We know that you're good.
We've seen the movie and he sounds okay to me.
Limited vocabulary, but talent.
But certain talents and certain ability to stimulate this crowd.
Exactly.
No, I'm serious.
Even the straight guys like this Dan who brought his girlfriend.
It was very beautiful, by the way.
The girlfriend that is Alisa.
Although it was interesting.
The stand did not end.
Of course, she was blonde.
Oh, well, Stan has no taste anyway,
but she was really nice.
But Dan, of course, has a little earring,
but he's a straight, you know.
But he seemed to know who Jeff Striker was.
Sort of like me.
It's eight minutes before 11 at W-1.
Yeah, I wouldn't dignify that comment.
We'll come right back.
Oh, you're never going to believe this letter.
It's the one that came with the little button here.
In that nice.
It's a good time.
Put that right on.
Put that right on.
Yeah, put it right on your beach.
You don't shut up.
And I'm just reading a letter.
It says, don't change a thing.
Sooner or later, you will score.
I wonder what he means by that.
With someone who can handle reality,
don't stop trusting people because of Brian.
We should stop picking on Brian.
It wasn't in his own way.
In his own way.
He don't need the brain dead anyway.
Keep up the great work.
Your bababa.
And it says,
PS, I changed my opinion of the bird
while you were on vacation.
He ran a hell of a show
and gained much credibility and respect.
He's worth keeping around.
Now, isn't that what I told you?
And you laughed in my face.
Yeah.
Okay, we did have a call.
It is, after all,
yesterday was the first day of the observance
of the Jewish New Year.
New New Year.
Russia, Shona.
We're in the year one.
We're starting over again because it's been
Jews have had a tough history.
And we just had a lady who called,
or rather elderly lady who called Kyle upstairs
was a little upset, she wants.
Can't he play some wonderful Jewish music?
We would just love to hear some Jewish music.
When some Swami,
O, tries to put me down
and says He has a larger congregation.
I tell him right away now,
listen here to decay your heart.
What is the definition of a costume?
I swear on the foundation.
I go round the other hazy aids They don't go out to say
Don't be true to your show
My flash, my eyes for the nation
My flash, my eyes for the nation
Be true to your show
My flash, my eyes for the nation
My flash, my eyes for the nation
Be true to your show
Ooh, ooh.
Be true to your show
My flash, my eyes for the nation
Be true to your show
My life is a dream, my life is a dream, my life is a dream, my life is a dream, my life is a dream.
If you ever, if you ever dream, I will be there.
If you ever, if you ever dream, I will be there.
If you ever, if you ever dream, I will be there.
If you ever, if you ever dream, I will be there.
If you ever dream, I will be there.
If you ever, if you ever dream, I will be there.
If you ever, if you ever dream, I will be there.
Good yon-diff, wherever you are, happy new year, happy sookas, and all that other good stuff.
I don't understand what this is. It's an open-unnie year and there are a couple of cassettes in here with a $5 bill.
I don't understand. What is this? What's it say?
It says, Mike Wolf is back from a couple of days under a cyclist.
It says, I know the guy in this bill isn't big jam, but if you look at the serial number, you'll see he's packing a full house.
I don't understand what this is. I guess they want to pay you $5 for dubbing the cassettes.
So I'll give you the cassettes. I'll give you the buy.
It sounds like a good deal to me. Mike is back and certainly wonderful to have a real great American and backwoodsman in the studio here.
Bring you the headlines, world news from CBS with all the spots at 11 and we'll come back to lift your spirits and whatever else you can get up at 1106.
Now we've got double trouble. Neil Rogers tend to do and stand major 2 to 6.
Exclusively on 94 news wins. W-I-N-Z, Miami 4th Lauderdale.
Thank you for watching.
In the mail today, among other things, we have a beautiful card that somebody said I'm not making this up so it won't accuse me of using foul language on here.
But it has a photograph. This is an actual photo of the sign at a restaurant in Ocean City, Maryland.
And there's a picture. In fact, it looks like a member of your family.
It's very reminiscent, very familiar of a big bird and it says big peckers barring at grill.
I read it right off the sign in Ocean City, Maryland.
And how do you spell that? It's a little bit different.
It's a little different.
It's a little different.
I'm not going to say it's a little tour to certain individual being on this program. I'm not going to mention any names.
But it is absolutely hostile and Jane Curtis, who is 34, not a prune, says, please, please help us to listen.
That giggling idiot, that bird, that baboon, that hyena, please, I am begging you.
But I just want you to have a guilty conscience.
I want to weigh heavy on your mind.
Oh, it is. Look at those brown lines, poor. They hotter what? They dropped out during the news.
During the news. They dropped off and browned and we just can't seem to get them back. Can we?
If they call in, we might make them a super star or just insipid.
Might be what will make them if they keep listening to you long enough.
524, 9400. This is our last cattle call for brown. Let's go to Miami first. Hello.
Hello. Yeah. Who are you calling, sir? Who are you calling?
I'm sorry, lady. I got the wrong number. Yeah, I know. Miramar. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi.
Listen, you know that she can tell you that you played earlier a class shut up.
I have already heard that. It's very good. But have you heard the one about your ink, my eye? No. Why not? That is even better. You should. Why not?
I don't know. I guess I live a sheltered life. Do you live under a rock? Yes. Right. No, but really I think you should. I heard that. That's very old. I think you should get the earache, my eye went back to funny.
Okay. I beg you to get the earache, my eye. Do you beg us to get the bird off the show? No, not the bird. He's all right. I guess. Yeah. I've heard earache, my eye anyway. Oh boy.
I've heard you doing Saturday night at nine. What? No, I'm not going to ask you out. All right. What are you doing? Saturday night at nine.
Who? You. No. The guy down to three. Come on. I haven't got any idea. I don't plan that for a head today's only Friday. Well, yeah, you know me. Oh, well, I have Friday on my mind.
I pray what are you doing tonight? No one will be kidding. I want to know what you're doing tomorrow night at nine. All right. First body of cable.
Oh, what about it? No, don't worry. The hitcher's not on. Well, the hitcher. Wait a minute. The hitcher was on a couple of nights ago, and I watched it again.
Great. I have it on tape. I watch it out. I mean, I watch it all the time. I love what he goes because he does what's your name? He gets brighter. No, my favorite part is when when he goes into the diner there.
No, my favorite part is when he when he gives him the gun to bullets. I don't care what your favorite part is. Don't you care what my favorite part is?
You're going to do the same. They said the same part in the diner when he's washing up in the restroom there. And he takes a shirt off. And he's just all goose flesh there.
I got very excited. I got very excited. He is very hot. But then he can't always. I've got to stand. Of course things. Rutger. How are his hot? Oh, very hot. That's the one I'm in love with. I'm in love with Rutger. Very, very much.
So I would take Rutger over the other one. Yeah, if you're into SNM, I think Rutger. Now what's happening Saturday night at nine? Well, I know you're not going to be interested, but I beg you to do it anyway. It's on VH one.
Oh, Barf City. Yeah. Well, we don't care about the how much Lionel Richie can you want? Obviously, you don't know who I am yet. Because if you knew who I was, you would know what's on at nine o'clock at night on Saturday.
And it's Elton, John in Australia. Oh boy. I've only seen that about 30 times. But of course you saw the new one on the street. Yes, it's great. Is it with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra? Yes, yes. Yes.
I had showtime in movie channel and she's great there. Elton is great in that. Of course. He's great. Anything. He's terrific. No, okay. Don't kid yourself. Come on now. I mean in the future. Come into the real world. Into the future. Yeah, into the future with Michael J. Fox. Oh, no, I forget him. I mean, I really get out one day. But listen, that's the five point. The point I'm sure I got his one VH one right now. Okay. But anyway, anyway. I'm not kidding you. Oh my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God
Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, oh, my God. I think he was anyways a
Okay. She's begging us. Oh, no, what are you doing?
I said, listen. Here it is.
Oh my god. Wouldn't it bear with me?
This is the lady who plans
to marry Elton John. Aww. Yeah. Look at him.
in助 the story. I think I maybe
is going to tell all of the
One.
okay and how about europe you know you can have the whole group or the whole
continent if you want really you really have to integrate their great
okay well see that because i think the elite the late zinger in europe is so
pretty that uh...
he makes uh... susan day pale and win significance
and he is is becoming a very big spot because i thought i was on some
you know k-k-l doing you know
i've lost our respect for you know she almost used to be as pretty as david
cacidy but that was a lot but we talked about him
okay well isn't have a great weekend and uh...
but one more minute
oh my god
you're down
you're serious
warning calm down show out
still up for a minute one of the one that you take a couple of
value or something just relax
relax
i've a point i was trying to make you this is the he'll be a lady
was that we had to try to move the tail
but then we we got rid of them so now i can only rely on vh1 to see this
all boy
but anyway i'm gonna take i know it was great but i really glad you enjoyed it
okay
okay
okay
all right good night
tonight
scat Saturday on her mind
it's pretty interesting that that records you to make a big comeback in town
if you notice that
here again on gloves and even now you know who yeah what's it you know who all
jimmy hummel was planted the other day
you know that we've got a plan to the seeds in his mind or a little
subliminally
my amy welcome to win
hello hi
meal hi
this is the sister of the lady and brick all
yeah what happened
uh... well she's not a brick one more she's not an office she's now teaching for
the day
uh...
are you cereal
i am cereal
isn't that great well that means we're never gonna hear from her again maybe she
can call on Saturday huh
yeah maybe she can she does listen to that that's good
that's good
yeah well that'll be good we can wait till Saturday because she knows not
slanting like nobody knows
i know that she always seems nobody knows the trouble i've seen when she calls
in
and i'm sure she was watching last night
or we were we were or you watch it with her
yeah i do
and i was so relieved you know in the beginning when they and they've changed the
opening which i think is really mong this year i don't like it at all
well i'm glad because they don't have that because you music i need more
yeah that's true well i kind of impartial to kazoo music
but anyway they show all these characters and pat peterson was nowhere to be
found and i thought all in it said
special guest our red buttons or something
i said that's not much of a trade you know even the pirates wouldn't make a
trade like that
and then just before the show started it said and uh... also appearing and it
said the pat peter said as michael
and i i was screaming in the living room she was cheering and there was nobody
else there but i was applauding and she was very excited very emotional time of
my life
yeah we thought you would enjoy that last night
