Now 9.95 the other night, somebody nearly cut me right off the road.
I decided wasn't going to do any good to get mad, so I wrote a song about him instead.
It goes like this.
We're evil, an asshole, or did you work it your whole life?
Either way it worked out fine, because you're an asshole tonight.
Yes, you're an SSH OLE, and don't you try to blame it on me.
You deserve all the credit, you're an asshole tonight.
You were an asshole yesterday, you're an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling, you'll be an asshole the rest of your life.
Well I guess she told you a finger too right?
When you see Glenn driving on the Palmetto, just crank this up in a background, give a little honk.
Give a little toop, those of you she listeners.
I was talking to your mother just the other night.
I told her I thought you were an asshole, she said yes, I think you're right.
And all your friends are asshole, because you know them your whole life.
Somebody told me you've got an asshole for life.
Were you born an asshole, or did you work it your whole life?
Either way it worked out fine, because you're an asshole tonight.
And now a continuous Neil Rogers commercial sweep, three commercials in a row without music or phone call in a Russian.
A very cool WINZ.
We had asked a bird to not only got a store wide sale, but we've got new equipment in our tailor shop and ensures good fit.
74 every size in between tall talls and short short short short short short short.
And we've got pure silk shirts up to 38.
Dress shirts up to 38.
Of course we carry size 14.
Well, of course.
Every size there is.
A birke.
And sport cuts from size 27 to 74 and every size in between.
Remember.
Saxons, Saxons, Saxons.
And we'll probably do you save money we're never under sold.
I know.
But it's the biggest selection under one roof anywhere.
I said that.
It's for $99 to 250.
This sell up to $500.
The world's finest double and single breasted.
It's including white.
What?
The finest selection anywhere.
21.
21.
Northwest 6th Avenue facing 9.95.
What?
It's a fantastic store wide sale at Austin markets.
Never been equal before.
I know.
Every man.
94 news wins.
Don't, don't, don't.
This whole show is done.
What you're about to hear is dumb.
Totally and completely dumb.
The people responsible for this criminally insane broadcast
or no genius is either.
In fact, before I'd listen to this show,
I'd rather hit myself over the head with a large hammer.
Where is it?
There it is.
You're below.
You better.
You better.
You better.
Okay, thank you, Jack.
22 past 11 at Windsor got somebody at the Miami Airport
ready to fly out of here.
Hello.
Hi Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
First time caller from Tampa.
Great.
But I worked down here quite a bit.
Yep.
My best friend down here got me interested in your show
about a year ago.
And it's the best thing going.
You're the king of talk.
No question about it, sir.
We've got nothing in Tampa, as you well know.
Well, you got Bob Lasseter.
I don't know about Bob Lasseter.
Like you said.
But I just want to let you know you're doing a great job.
And when I left here a year ago,
I was living up in the West Palm area.
I told myself I never come back.
But after you've become addicted to your show,
you want to come back.
Yeah, this show is the only thing that keeps any population
in this town.
There's just too many rude people down here.
Neil.
Yeah, you got it.
So, come to Tampa.
We really appreciate some good entertainment up there.
Okay, I'll see you at Bernstake House.
Got it.
Okay.
Have a safe trip.
Well, that's great, man.
We're big in Tampa.
Wait till we get that non-directional signal
if we're still on the AM when that happens.
I shouldn't keep saying that because the people on the FM
are starting to get real paranoid, nervous.
No, not paranoid because paranoid means with no justification.
Okay, we have an open line indeed.
624, 9400.
Let's go to Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
How you doing?
Okay, how are you doing?
Great.
I want to go for a glen.
I like it.
I'd like to see him become a permanent fixture.
A permanent fixture.
Well, as a matter of fact, we're nailing him to the chair right now.
And we're taking him out to tower number three during the lunch hour.
You know, I had a request.
You know how people call up and they say, can I talk about this?
You say, no, and you hang up.
Yeah.
It strikes me so funny.
I thought that's what he'll do to me this morning.
No.
How's going to request that you not play that song anymore?
Don't you know you just played it?
Which one?
So when you opened with yesterday morning.
Oh, really?
How come?
I was just...
You know, I've listened to you.
You know, when you switched over today.
I know.
Me too.
I've only missed a couple.
Yeah, I missed two.
And all the rest of since you been on the air, including your baseball narrations.
I haven't missed anything of yours.
You were in 33 when you were on it.
You know, I really died in the world.
University of Miami, baseball.
However, yesterday morning, I couldn't believe it when I had just...
But today it didn't bother me at all.
No, you just have to get used to it.
No, but don't you?
I don't know.
It's so...
Nothing you do shocks me.
I think yesterday was the first time I was a bit shocked.
Well, this is not shock radio.
I don't want to start spreading that rumor because all those...
No, you don't think it's a little much?
No.
Well, when I first heard it, I thought so, but it's not one of the food that you ordered.
Yeah, not only that.
Not only that.
Well, not only that, but in colloquially usage, that just refers to a characterization of a person
that has nothing to do with a body part.
I would never say that.
You wouldn't?
No way.
Don't you know any people who fit into that category?
I don't say naughty words.
No, no, that wasn't a question.
I don't want you to say it.
But don't you know any people who you think of in that category?
But most of the people that...
You don't think what bothered me, Neil,
is most of the people that use those words,
and not particularly people that I would want to socialize with.
Oh.
I mean, this doesn't sound maybe...
I sound like a prude of many of my friends think I am,
but most of my friends don't use naughty language.
Well, at least not in your presence.
That's right.
They don't.
I think there's something...
If other people around them are doing it, they'll do it.
But if you don't hear someone ever use those kind of words
or tell bad jokes or anything like that, they kind of respond in kind.
Yeah.
I don't label on down and I don't demand that they don't.
I don't say anything.
Yeah.
But I just don't.
I don't care for it.
But I never heard anything on your program that has shocked me.
That's why...
Well, no, this is not shock radio.
That's quite what her many McClubbans and the news.
You hear that they refer to you as a shock shock.
I don't know, I don't understand what they're talking about.
Well, those are people that don't realize they've been on the year here for over 11 years.
Not nine like that young douchebag said yesterday on the stand show.
I've been on the year here for over 11 years.
I know.
And I'm not doing anything all that different.
I mean, the format of the show is a little different.
And we got rid of the boring guests.
But you know, it's just a matter of degree.
And all of a sudden, it's been, you know, shock-jock has become a very popular term.
And the people love cliches.
I'm not because they love cliches.
It would be me. That's why I had to admit yesterday.
I really... I can't believe he's playing this record.
Well, see, now today you got used to it and tomorrow you'll like it.
I liked it today.
And by Monday, you'll be singing it.
I got cut off on I-95.
And I really wished that I could have played that record for that person.
Oh, see?
See? Now we're getting a little of your aggressions here.
That's good.
You know, what we do and what we like to do sometimes, the two different things.
Right.
But I really...
Well, there's no question about that.
And I think you're one of the few reasons that I remain here.
Me too. Okay, listen, have a great weekend.
Thank you very much, Donald.
And have a great life.
Marlon Bailey said that the jackets, those Miami Vice Jackets,
will be going out by Tuesday.
Tapes are going out.
No material next week for Glenda.
And all kinds of exciting things going on.
Boy, what a day this is.
Huh? It's turning in another one of those banner Fridays.
And what we have done...
And I don't know.
Marlon always bites off more than he can choose, so to speak.
And what we have done is we've added the record that she was just speaking about.
The I-95 misfit.
Well, I can't keep saying that word on the ear.
He can say it in the song.
We've added that to the end of the material that we've already been sending out.
The other seven or eight songs be true to your shul and the Michael Jackson glove
and the other stuff that's on it.
And we're adding that on.
It's like a little bonus today.
This is part of our Friday sale.
So if you want to send us a blank cassette and a stamped self-adreced envelope,
we'll turn them over to Marlon Bailey,
part of the Ringling Brothers Bartomen Bailey Circus.
And now he's in that incredible.
Young woman wants to hear that record again.
We just played it.
You know, we're not going to start spreading those things all over town.
And Mike Wolf wants to hear it again.
And probably Glenda wants to hear it again.
Now, the woman on Oshie wants to tape it.
Well, we'll do that a little bit.
Okay, a little bit later.
We don't want to run it into the ground.
A lunchtime with the moldees.
He's talking again.
Have you noticed that?
Got a couple of positive calls this art.
And you notice Kyle has no intention even thinking about opening that mic.
But we do have this bull.
No, that's not.
That's not a curated way.
You'll have to wait a while.
Okay, 29 past 11 at Windsom, New York Rogers.
We warm up the chair for Stan Major every day.
We used to warm it up for Daffy,
but then she used to bring in convicts to try to sit in it.
And we figured that got a little disgusting right on the year.
So, and now we warm it up for Stan.
And he comes in here and cools it off.
With those wonderful radio celebrities,
the greats, the near greats, the has-bins, and then ever-was-as.
And yesterday you had a couple from the latter category,
Herman and McQueen's.
And, you know, the entry, you remember the guy called yesterday and he wanted,
you know, are you strong enough to take a shot?
You know, this guy doesn't even know what he's talking about.
About ascending somebody over to Waxi to apologize to Rick.
He didn't even hear it.
He didn't know what he was talking about.
He read a couple of lines in the herald,
which of course instantly gives anybody misinformation.
And then he said that I would an apology to Herman and McBean
and when I asked why, well, Herman and McQueen and all that stuff,
first of all, I think he was obviously one of their perfect listeners,
because he has no sense of humor like them.
So, he fit their show perfectly.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Yes, so Neil, this is probably going to be one of those hystericals
that seem to go nowhere.
And I'll tell you the most of our calls are esoteric and go nowhere.
I'll try it for the board.
Right away, it's a month soon, you know, Fort Lauderdale.
I got my convertible side with the top down and I'm going to be wet when I leave.
I found you during the day because I was waiting for electric lunch to come on, you know.
And I like to do with Neil Rogers.
I used to listen to you at night when you talk about my amy beach and all that.
Oh, yeah. Well, that's past say now.
Does now the hip contemporary 1980s and your Rogers, and hey, I like it.
Yeah. I like the beaches hip and contemporary.
I don't know. Yeah, but actually I was thinking of some radio personalities
and you definitely are on the top 10 now of World Prime Radio personalities.
No question. I'm right up there with Ricky Tickey.
No, nobody has the nerve to sort of like relate to me as a relative like Uncle Ricky
or your cousin Brucey.
No, those guys are out. I don't know. I have no relatives.
Yeah, let's not mention cousin Brucey on this show, please.
Okay, well, number nine, I like Irish a still because he had a confusing type of,
I don't know, benevolent way of God having talk.
Boopies definitely up there.
Boopie because he's because he's soupy, right?
He's definitely on the top.
Oh, I'm Tony, you're really lumping me into a mung pile. I'll tell you that.
Yes, he's like a macinoid.
Exactly.
He never came out of town.
I mean, you can be exactly radio personalities in New York or bliss.
Yeah.
Yeah, Bruce Williams. You got to have them up there.
Oh, yeah, Bruce is the best.
What's he doing? What's he doing?
Yes. He wants each and every one of you.
Makes me feel like the part of this show.
Okay, if you can, somebody has to do that type of stuff, you know,
a little bit about information.
Oh, wait a minute, wait a minute, where I went yesterday was I land.
And did I say I lab?
I know.
They're freaking out. I went to I land.
Did I misspeak? You better write it on the log again.
It was I land. Cross out the first one, Kyle.
I land. It's on a corner of University in sunrise.
And they were listening to Waxi, by the way, while I was getting my exam.
So that was the one thing against them.
But it was I land. And I'm really sorry if I didn't say I lab.
Did I?
I lab.
Good to you, you know, I guess.
But did I really say that? I lab.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. Well, I don't know if I'm sorry.
Maybe I lab okay, but I land was great to me.
I mean, within like a matter of moments, they had these done.
And I can see and they were real nice in there.
Really? Who you were?
Huh? They didn't recognize me.
No, I think they did.
Well, they must have. How else would they be listening today?
They took my picture and everything for their crap book.
And it was great.
Okay.
How it's starting would be up there because he's just hoping to come down.
Yeah. How it's staring at our pistol, all those grim Bruce Williams.
What's doing? What's doing? Another Tuesday.
But you know, I like Bruce. You know, Bruce will answer a question very intellectually.
And then all of a sudden, he'll lapse into that Brooklyn ease of his.
You know, I don't understand that. I've never been able to figure that out.
What's doing?
But you know, it should be up there that this doesn't get a chance.
Give this man a chance or any solution.
Oh, yeah. Ernie's up there.
I mean, he wants.
He's in Tel Aviv today.
And of course, the number one, I think is that Dr. Demento.
Yeah, he's the best. He's my favorite.
Okay. That's about all right. I guess the cold didn't go nowhere.
I guess it was right.
No, you were right. It was esoteric and it didn't go anywhere.
And we liked that. That's perfect for our show.
Okay. Be a hospital or later.
Okay. Adios. Are we a durch?
I land. And I said, I lab.
Now, my intentions were great. I wanted to give them a nice plug.
Not they'd give me no discount. They'd give me no special favors.
They did a great job. But I just figured I'd mention it.
That's all.
Despite of what are stuck in the mud program director thinks,
there's nothing wrong. There's not not getting any payoffs.
I don't get anything for free. No, the only thing we get for free
is once in a while, one of our groupies brings food in here the other day.
Right?
Like yesterday, Rich, what's his name? Rich brought in all that pizza from Godfathers.
And it was great. Okay. And I'm sure he paid for it.
He brought it up here and Godfather's is sensational.
I get nothing free there. In fact, there isn't one anywhere near where I live.
But it was really good. And the fact that some of the Godfathers are gone out of business
as a monument to the bad taste of the people in this town.
Seriously, I mean, that taco pizza they make is so good,
it's enough to grow hair on your chest.
Even if you're only about 10th, even if you're a young lady,
it'll make hair grow on your chest.
It was good. Trust me. And you wouldn't need any.
You don't know what you're missing, but that's good.
Because in my house, we were very happy that Kyle didn't need any.
Because they left a lot for us later in the day.
And the Stan Major, who's always so big into the Mexican food,
I don't understand you, Stan Lee. He wouldn't touch it.
Okay, here comes another one of those poignant questions from Kyle's wicked pen.
Do you want to mention anyone else? Well, not right now.
Not right now. Just leave the log alone for a little while.
We actually got some business today. And, you know, I land.
Well, I did say it was at the corner of university in sunrise, didn't I?
How can I be any more specific than that?
They were great. And I'm sorry, Cheryl. I'm sorry.
Okay? Okay, I'll break the glasses now right on the air.
And I'll come and get some new ones. Okay?
If that'll make another really great. You know what freaked me out?
Is that usually when you're going to get new glasses and they put them on,
and then they have to start adjusting and twisting.
Nothing. The guy just slipped them on my face.
And they were perfect. And I could see, which was a miracle.
The guy was pretty ugly, but no, I could see.
And they fit fine and they don't weigh 80 pounds. And they're comfortable.
And they don't have those big ugly lenses like the ones I had before,
or those disgusting goofy ones like Glenwares.
But, uh, now they feel great. And I can see something.
So when they come and bomb my house on Tuesday, I'll be able to see very clearly who it is.
And I'll write your initials right in my carpeting, okay?
So look out. Now, that was the Hermann and McBean fan club.
There's no question about that. 65. See, they gave it away with the number.
65. Or is that the average demographic that we used to have on the AM?
One or the other? Okay, it's 1136 at WINZ.
We have all kinds of things going on here today.
We're not sure exactly what the Pope's going to be stopping in a little later for another, uh, linguistics lesson.
And we'll come back right after this.
Start your weekend off right.
Join Lori Shepherd, Jim Looney and me, Tom Gallagher.
For all the latest news, sports and weather information you'll need, Saturday mornings, five till 10, right here on Wednesday.
Okay, he still can't get over the fact Glenn that he lost that Saturday morning show, but the hailus and those news people,
they wanted a little bit of their time back and I don't blame him.
They deserve to have it.
22 before noon at WINZ.
And of course, the Supreme Court today said, no, you cannot teach the little green gremlins are the ones who created the world.
Isn't that amazing?
They're still hope for us.
A seven to two vote against so-called creation science by the Supreme Court.
I wonder who the two were.
Now, we know that Supreme Court chief justice, Renquist must have been one of the two, right?
And who would have been the other one?
Maybe Sandra Day O'Connor.
She's trying to make, uh, eyes at Ronnie or something at this point.
She's trying to make up for all the failures in the past.
Or, oh, yeah, justice, powels with those booming powels of his.
Yeah, that could have been a one.
Or could have been Wizard White.
Don't forget about him.
Good old Wizard White who never met a football.
He didn't like too many years without a helmet, Wizard.
Wait till I tell you what's going to be exciting when we have Jack Kemp and Ed Mies and Gerald Ford sitting on the Supreme Court.
That's when you know it's really going to be good.
Get all the ex-jocks sitting on the Supreme Court.
Joe Nameth.
You see him on the today show this morning's becoming an intellectual in middle age.
Now, he's really great.
Okay, let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood?
Oh, I can't believe that.
Isn't that embarrassing?
Well, that opens up a line somewhere on the board now and Broward, and of course, if that line doesn't fill up rapidly, you know what that means, don't you?
You know what that means.
He's sitting right here in the chair.
Just waiting.
Oh, it flashed quick.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm going to vote on his Glen Hill thing.
Okay.
If the one Frank or Burton, Charlie McCronkey just be sitting on the wood, Paul, yet.
Oh.
And I don't think he belongs on your show.
Yeah, well, that's certainly something to think about.
That's right.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
I think you may have been the deciding vote.
Justice William Brennan said in writing the Court's opinion that the law violated the First Amendment by endorsing a particular religion.
Now, that was the majority opinion.
Now, see, you've got this backwards, Jeff.
Justice Brennan wrote the majority opinion.
But Justice Renquist, Chief Justice Renquist joined the descent.
So we still have to find out who the other one was.
Who was one of the two who said, hey, it's okay to teach about, you know, fairy tales in school.
Scalia?
Good old Antonin Scalia.
That Reagan appointee isn't that wonderful.
Well, that figures.
Next thing he and Mike Thompson will be voting with the
Paul Cameron on the Supreme Court.
We understand that Ronald Reagan before he leaves office, if Thurgood Marshall or one of the others doesn't hang on, he might want to appoint Paul Cameron on the Supreme Court.
That ought to be really good.
Or Mike Thompson.
Or maybe you need a Bryant.
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
My name.
Yes, sir.
I have some good news for you.
I can't wait.
Okay.
Dr. Cronkite at the Rock Lutters Institute.
As far as the cure for Tweety Bird and they are just waiting for FDA approval.
And that should come within the next 24 hours.
Oh, boy.
Oh, let Glenn leave.
Rush it over here.
Okay.
Other serious side, let me ask you something.
Your opinion on a scale of one to ten.
How would you rate Jackie Mason's talent?
Minus, I don't like Jackie Mason.
Really not.
He's funny the first time.
I agree.
But after that boy, he does the same stick.
I have a red ovary.
He's been doing it for 30 years.
Yeah.
When I was a little kid in 1956, we came to the Versailles Hotel.
We were staying at the Atlantic Towers.
I came with my parents.
I was 14 years old.
And we saw Jackie Mason at the Versailles.
Okay.
And he was funny then.
But he, here it's 31 years later, he's still doing the same stick.
Yeah.
It's amazing.
I want to be careful.
He became my Broadway unbelievable.
I know.
Well, it goes to show you.
I mean, look at Oprah.
She's making eight million a year and she can't get her legs untied.
Are you right, yeah?
Okay.
You doing the fantastic job.
Love you.
Have a long life.
Okay, you too.
Bye bye.
Okay.
Coffee with latte.
I'm going with Giovanni.
And he wrote it with a little hammer.
I'm warming up for the Pope's visit.
How much did it cost?
Same mark.
Have you got anything else?
From the same place?
Isn't that interesting?
How the Pope's sidekick there kind of switches from Italian into whatever that second language is.
With great authority, isn't that something?
Pretty interesting.
Very facile.
Let's go to North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, you've got to keep on with the hill.
Over the hill.
Yeah.
Well, that could be worse.
It could be under the hill, sir.
Don't let it get away.
My original car was to give you a Scalia.
Isn't that something?
Well, he never met a fascist.
He didn't like.
He never met a fairy tale.
He didn't like.
But it's more amazing that the wind at least a couple of those others that didn't throw in a boat.
Well, listen, you know, the embarrassment factor is so great that even they can't handle that.
Yeah, the open hour is closed.
Okay.
Okay, Neil.
Are you for Durge?
Yes.
16-till noon at W.I. and Zenial Rogers here with our silent sidekick today.
It's been silenced.
We have that gag order.
In fact, the Sandy had that gag order yesterday.
Do we still have that picture around?
Don't bring it out.
I can't, I went to pieces.
If we could have only shown that to the audience, they would have had a nervous breakdown.
Although today is Friday.
So if we could bring that gigantic perch back in here or whatever that was, it was unbelievable, folks.
Miami, hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
I just talked to you a while ago.
My boyfriend called me and told me that Neil Rogers is not an asshole.
I got you to play that song.
So I had to vote for him.
Wait a minute.
You didn't call me that in the first place.
You said Glenn Hill was.
Oh, excuse me.
Glenn Hill.
Oh, boy.
Well, you guys are so confused.
Yeah.
So in other words, you want to retract that?
No, no, no, no.
My vote stands.
Oh, your vote stands.
I'm voting for him.
Wait, you're voting for what?
For my boyfriend, he called and told me Glenn Hill was an asshole.
Oh, okay.
So is that two votes?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, it wasn't good and one bad.
Okay.
Okay.
I have a little message because she's a new listener.
Once a king, always a king, but once a night's enough.
That's the, we only take one call per show.
Okay.
So don't get right away.
We're delighted to hear from you.
You sound like a real, you never stole a freight train as they say on a rantell show.
But, uh, okay, where do we go?
We have an open line in day.
We want to see those lines fill up very quickly.
Or you know what the consequences are, right?
That's the new name of our show, Truth or Consequences.
Speak up or you know what the penalty is.
I am here.
Miami here.
Okay.
This is Carol City here.
I want to thank a vote for Glenn.
Over and out.
Yes.
95 song?
Good hearing.
I want to make a vote for Glenn on the 95 song.
I need to know who did that record because I'm a bartender and I need a lot of my jukebox.
Yeah, I think that would go for big in the bars.
Yeah.
I mean, no.
Well, I'm a little country, you know.
Yeah.
My accent.
But then, like, I need to know who does it.
Uh, I'll be honest with you.
I don't, we were, we were, we gave it to Marlin.
Well, I'll let you know on Monday.
The money.
I can, I can, I can order it though, right?
Oh, yeah.
It's on record.
It's published.
Mm-hmm.
Great.
I'll get a hold of it then.
Okay.
This.
Okay, bottom.
This is great.
I like the song.
I mean, that's only reason I get a vote for Glenn.
Okay.
And make you feel good, too.
Thank you.
You got it.
Bottom's up.
Love you.
14-D4 new in a WINZ.
Boy, the audience is mellowing out here.
In the first hour, we heard from some of the leftover malcontents from yesterday's Hermann and McVean appearance on a Stan Major show.
You know, the Stan was trolling at the end of the show.
I just heard the last five minutes.
I heard him in kind of like bits and pieces yesterday, but it did here the last five minutes and Stan was trolling for a date on the year.
Now, I get accused of that by some of the homophobic lunatics in the audience and I have never made a date on the year.
I've never met anybody through this program.
Where do I intend to?
However, school is out today.
If there's anybody of the legal age, now come on.
Now, let's get serious.
Okay.
School is finally out though, right?
We've been, this is like Father's Day.
We've been predicting it for three weeks.
It's finally coming up this Sunday.
And the problem in this town is everybody is so stupid.
They don't even know when school is out.
But I have a feeling in the paper this morning it said school is out or some dumb thing like that.
I have a question, by the way.
Can anybody answer this question?
You know, these speed zones, like we have one on the corner here, okay?
All right.
Now, when, first of all, how are you supposed to know when school is out?
Now, you do know on certain holidays like, you know, Tisha above that school is out, sookist.
But, you know, how do you know for sure if school is out?
They're still locked away at that school on the corner.
They're still in school, so you better be careful in that speed zone.
And I notice some of our wins and employees come barreling down that street about 80 through that 15 mile an hour school zone.
And yes, some of our salespeople are in a hurry to go out to lunch.
And it's just incredible.
And my question is, you know, there are some kids who go to summer school.
Right?
So how do we know for sure on which days we can, you know, drive like a bat out of hell in those areas,
in which days we have to look out for the pigs waiting in the back, you know, with their radar?
Yeah, driving right down, what do you have to drive down the middle of the road on our street,
because there are dogs and kids lying on a, you know, a couple years ago we got rid of that.
I ran a campaign.
You should see what it used to be like out here.
All these little puppies and there were dogs making puppies and people making puppies in the middle of the road.
It was, it was like a jungle out here in the street.
And I went nuts a couple nights and finally, you know, when we threatened to open up the winds microwave,
these people, no, seriously dogs were getting hit out here.
It was disgraceful.
And they finally got all our animals off the street, dogs and otherwise.
And things have been pretty quiet.
But I notice again, they're lapsing into the same old jazz again,
and now we're starting to see little kids playing in the middle of the street.
And horrible things going on out there.
Of course, I think a few of those people, some of the Haitians who marched here on Saturday,
are lost and are still out here in Carroll City.
Let's go.
No, I'm not touching that one, Kyle.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes.
Jim Baker here this morning.
How you doing?
How you doing, Jim?
Good.
Hey, I've got to say something really plus.
I know it's going to break your heart.
This is Bob McQueen here.
Jim, how you doing?
It's my new hours, my new show, a double out.
Listen now, don't get heavy duty, but this is going to break your heart.
But without that compound rate of yours, or Mr. I, 95, you wouldn't be anything.
I know.
How did I ever survive 11 years without him?
How did I ever get those big numbers out?
I know.
That's what I say.
In fact, there are a lot of people in town praying about it.
Anyway, I don't like his tape laughter.
I think it's real laughter.
The mucle laughter is the top of the mark.
First class.
Neil, have a good vacation when you go, bud.
Thank you.
We'll see you later.
Adios.
A rivet arch.
Okay, there he goes.
That was Bob McQueen, who's going to be doing mid days in IOD.
It's 10 till noon at WINZ.
We have an open line in Broward, and let's, you know what I'm saying, 5249-400.
Let's see it flash real quick.
You know the consequences.
In fact, now we have another one.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
We have another one in Broward, and of course, that may be a little more than they can handle.
Two open lines in Broward.
Okay, how long should we give him?
It's 29 seconds after.
You have about 15 seconds.
Oh, boy.
It took about two and a half seconds.
Look at that.
Okay, it's pretty obvious that, oh, that was not a legitimate call.
It's flashing again.
Carl is answering the phone.
We'll give a little play-by-play on this.
Putting it on hold.
Putting the phone back in a cradle.
And we can all rest easy again for another couple of minutes.
Okay, let's take our last break of the arm.
We'll come back and see what the verdict is.
Thank you for new swear.
Okay, now wait a minute.
I've got to find the right sound effects because we have a major announcement coming up here in just a moment.
Okay, now that...
That was recorded yesterday at a very important radio show.
Radio meeting in town.
You hear all the radio...
Well, not just gossip because it usually turns out to be true on this show.
Now, if you want to open that very carefully for a limited time only.
Carl's checking his watch, checking the...
He's got one of those not second-hands, but like hundreds of a second.
Now, we want you to understand that we're not putting this creature on ear here to participate in the show.
But he just is bringing more news.
We're trying to recapture his old rule on Gloves 94 of gossip editor.
Or whatever it was that they called him.
Yeah.
Gossip editor.
Okay, let's set this up now.
Okay, that was taped at 441 yesterday at a very important meeting at WNWS.
We always like to report on these important radio meetings.
Exactly. We gave you first the new lineup of WSNews before it happened.
Yeah.
We gave you the departure of Mike Miller before it happened on the air.
We told you that Sandy was in limbo and litigation.
All came to limbo rock with Mike Anthony.
And then amazing how it all came true.
Yeah, we were just hallucinating here, but our hallucinations seemed to come true.
They denied it and denied it and denied it.
And sooner or later it happened.
Bingo.
La Bamba as Richie Valens would have said,
you could be here to sing the West today.
Maybe we could get Shirley McClain to get Richie Valens to sing a little later in the show.
And the big bopper to do a little chantilly lace for Mike Thompson.
Yeah.
Okay, so anyway, they had this very major meeting over at WSNews.
And the consultants were there and all the other gonsome authors, the big shots.
That's right.
Dennis Collins, the big guy, and we follow calls him.
The big guy.
Mm-hmm.
That's so big. I've seen it.
And what else?
Well, you heard the show that Alice did a couple of weeks ago where he was complaining about Mike Thompson.
You know, it was advocating that genocide.
Genocide.
Yeah, that AIDS victims should have a tattoo like on the wrist.
Buckley, let's say a fry and routine.
Put an A on their arm or something.
Yeah.
And this really upset Alice.
Maybe we ought to put an A on one of Mike Thompson's arms and an H on the other arm because certainly those are the two appropriate initials.
That's an idea.
And the interesting A H could be ass on one arm and hole on the other or could be eight off on one arm and who knows what it might be on the other arm, right?
Himmler.
Just a coincidence. It might be Hummel.
Yeah.
Hummel.
There you go.
And thought about that.
No, you haven't thought about that.
Anyway, you know, you heard the show and I heard the show and I feel like riding a horse.
Where Al was very upset that Mike advocated this and Al called him a Nazi on the air many times, right?
So Mike is very upset that Al did that.
And he burst in to the meeting.
It's kind of like a German Shepherd in a heat.
Yeah, German Shepherd.
Yes.
And they were screaming at each other about this.
You know, that's what I hear.
So I don't know.
Al of course was talking about this on the air yesterday.
So this is no secret.
Yeah.
They're fighting cats and dogs if you pardon that expression.
Yeah.
Tooth and nail.
Yeah.
And as a matter of fact, Mike didn't know it.
But our Wednesday news team never to be outdone had a little hidden microphone in that meeting.
Uh-huh.
And when Mike burst in in the middle of that meeting, we have some of his intemperate remarks.
I'm quite the...
How much does it cost?
10 marks.
Have you got anything else?
From the same sort.
So there's just a little recording from yesterday's big powwow or bowwow is the case maybe over at the WS News.
Man, I'm telling you this market is just going to hell in a hand basket isn't it?
It really is.
Okay, shut his mic off immediately.
Okay, we're almost at the end of this hour.
Let's get a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I...
Now that you have songs dedicated to Bioby Bundy, the Michael Jackson song, I think we should have a song in the memory of Bioby the Mike Miller.
I can't be trails or...
You know, you should create activity.
Mm-hmm.
What do you think?
I think that's a great idea.
Yeah, it's only fair like you said, man.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You had him stole a freight train.
I had a great idea.
Maybe we could have a short song that relates to Mike's ratings, okay?
Well, you know...
Should I give you a little sample?
Maybe something like this.
It was an intimate TV meeting.
I think that fits.
I think so or perhaps something a little bit more peppy or happy trails or...
Right.
Or maybe we could get peppy fields to record it.
Yeah, I don't know.
I mean, you're the...
You're the...
You're the Maestro, so...
I'll let you work on that, okay?
Okay, we'll do it.
We'll put our ears together.
And also, what do you...
You're a big baseball fish, you know, all right?
Yeah.
Don't you think that the Major League's recycle of same old talent over and over again?
Over and over again.
Well, don't you think that's the same thing in talk radio?
Yeah, in this market, you bet.
Well, that's why I'm glad that this Bob McQuig is getting a shot.
He ought to be a breath or fresh air.
Okay, good buddy.
It's the end of the hour.
We're going to pause, make way for Michael Wolff now,
who's sitting there in amazement waiting for his favorite record,
which is coming up right after the news.
And then we'll come back, continue our little countdown.
And we do have one open line in Broward,
which I don't want to threaten the audience.
524-9400 or else.
We make it our business to keep business people up on business.
94 News wins.
W-I-N-Z Miami Fourth Lauderdale.
94 News wins.
The Neil Rogers Show continues on W-I-N-Z.
If you'd like to participate on today's program,
you can call Neil on 624-9400 in date,
or 524-9400 in Broward.
And now here again, Neil Rogers.
And now, a continuous Neil Rogers music suite.
One song in a row.
Three minutes of continuous music.
A 94 W-I-N-Z.
Well, I was driving down 995 the other night.
And somebody nearly cut me right off the road.
I decided wasn't going to do any good to get mad.
So I wrote a song about him instead.
It goes like this.
Or you born an asshole.
Or did you forget it your whole life?
Either way, it worked out fine.
Cause you're an asshole tonight.
Yesterday, here and have a full tonight.
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole
the rest of your life.
And I was talking to your mother just the other night.
I told her I thought you were an asshole.
She said yes, I think you're right.
And all your friends are asshole.
Cause you've known them your whole life.
And somebody told me you've got an asshole for life.
Or you born an asshole.
Or did you forget it your whole life?
Either way, it worked out fine.
Cause you're an asshole tonight.
Okay, we have a special dedication on that.
From Mike Wolfe and all the people in the newsroom.
They want to dedicate that to all the people who call the newsroom.
We want to speak to me, complain about me.
All the people who call Kyle and give messages off the air.
All the people who call a programming office with complaints and a glory of brown.
So that's you know, lumping all the good stuff in together.
Okay, let's go back to the calls and all the lines are lit up,
which is a very promising sign.
Otherwise, you know what?
Pompo-no, hello.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, somebody disappeared for lunch in Pompo-no.
They're out to lunch in Pompo-no again.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I'm glad to say that I'm none of the above.
Okay.
You just read off.
This is a Let's be on an esponial.
Let's see.
It's silly, Conto, Hill, Loma, Glenn Hill, Conto, Loma.
So he has a new name.
Now I like Glenn.
Conto, Loma.
Conto?
You know, as in Hi-Hose overs, Conto?
Yeah, I was thinking Conto might be a little better.
Oh, all right.
Well, whatever it is to you.
Yeah, Conto, Loma.
But I like Glenn in person.
It's the Kackle box.
And box is caught in C-A-J-A.
Not like that man's belt the other day.
Yeah, right.
Like I really know what I'm talking about here.
You and me both.
I have my Burlitz bandage dictionary in front of me.
But no, I really like Glenn.
I think he is nice.
And I think it's nice to have some levity and some silly people
and not be serious and these people that take all of those nonsense.
So seriously.
Yeah, just a radio show, man.
Some of these people they have an nervous breakdown about all of them.
I know, I know.
Well, let's.
So what if he does come in here and cackle and make a fool of himself, right?
Well.
And alienate my whole audience.
I mean, what's a big deal?
I don't think the alienate you.
It could be worse.
They could be listening to Ron Sacks.
Do you know that I finally turned to you, man, because you're the only show I listen to.
After you look, the radio goes off.
And I've heard you talk about him so much that I finally turned over to that station.
How did you like it?
Oh, my God.
I don't know how you say nasal in Spanish.
Oh, this man is not to be believed.
And I know I have an nasal twang from the middle west.
Yeah, but there's a reason for it.
What?
Do you know why he sounds like that?
Oh, why?
I don't do my job as well when I'm constipated.
That's the answer to the whole Ron Sacks problem.
On the deep aisle.
Tell you one thing, if he ever has a good BM, man, we're all in a lot of trouble.
It sound just like Walter Cronkite.
Oh, please let me know so that I can make sounds.
All right, my love.
Thank you for playing that other song again.
Oh, did you enjoy that, too?
Yeah, of course.
I taped it.
I'm going to take that with me.
Yeah, that's moving up the charts.
It's number three with a bullet already.
I would think so.
I don't even think it well with the bullet.
All right, I'm just not going to say anything.
Okay.
All right, thank you.
All right, thank you.
Okay, see you later.
Bye bye.
Hasta luego.
1214 at WINZ.
There's an open line in Broward 5249400 Neoranges with you as we warm up the chair for Stan Major
who'll be along from two to six this afternoon.
Stan's going to have some auto work plumbers today.
Bernard Barker.
Barker.
And what was the other guy's name?
Martinas, right?
Some of Stan's favorites, probably a Gordon Liddy will be stopping by.
Some of Stan's favorite plumbers.
Hollywood, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Do you remember me?
Do I remember?
Yeah, I'm the one who had Machacha Alicia.
Oh, yeah.
Buenas dias.
Thank you.
And I told you when I spoke to you last week, I had a horse running Wednesday.
And you, if you were sharp, would have been looking for the same owners and the same
trainer.
Well, I wasn't out there Wednesday.
So how sharp can I be?
To find you.
Anyway, when you, the horse's name was, the horse was the one to one to tenth race.
Oh, no.
It only paid 37 dollars.
Oh, no.
It was only a $415 double.
Oh, you've paid.
I paid $200 exactly.
Yeah, well, that's not much.
Seriously, I think.
When they get to be a couple of thousand, then I get nervous.
And then that guy called yesterday and gave us, and you had a tip I understand in the
same race.
The horse by name was something he, the favorite.
Went off the $2, 2, 2 to 1 in the same race as mine.
So maybe kind of happy.
I like to hit a tipping you on a horse.
Oh, was yesterday we had the tip in the tenth race.
You had a tip Wednesday.
Oh, did we?
The tenth race.
Somebody called you.
Oh, yeah.
Well, we had another one in the tenth race yesterday and he was a desperate third.
Oh, I know.
It was Charlie Hussie.
You got it.
Well, what can you do?
I already had my winner with Charlie Hussie this year.
I'm not going to press my luck.
What?
I said, I already had my winner with Charlie Hussie this year.
I'm not pressing my luck.
We've been lucky.
He's rode for us the two times we won with this horse.
He won.
But anyway, we've been last coming in the stretch in one by five lengths.
Step and wide.
Can you imagine if Mike Gonzalez would have rode him you'd have won by 40 lengths.
You write your own songs?
Do I write my own songs?
No.
You write often unfortunately.
No.
All the songs that I hear that you're playing like the last one, I had a very good
beat.
It's easy to dance to.
I gave it a no.
