Talk about it at the water cooler and that's what we all strive for every day.
You know, I know Tanner can relate to this.
You go try to get people to talk about your radio station after 10 o'clock in the morning.
Hey Rosita, I have to go shopping downtown for my mother.
She needs some tortillas and chili pepper.
What happened to that tape? You hear that?
It's unbelievable. It's self-destructing at the beginning of the show.
That could be a real almond folks.
That could be a real almond. It does sound a lot better that way.
It adds a little bit of flavor to it, like a little salsa to the sound of that tape.
Anyway, it's a 10-07 or 8 or whatever it is here at WINZ.
I'm Neil Rogers and every day we go through this incredible exercise.
This great trauma from 10 to 2 and then Stan Major comes a log and kind of cleans up the mess from 2 to 6.
Or makes his own mess, I guess is the way you'd put it.
Well, ratings are going to be out sometime in this next hour, right?
Boy, that's exciting. Everybody in the building is kind of sitting on eggs.
In fact, there are a couple of people in the building laying some eggs right now even as we speak.
And our new slogan here at WINZ this week is Mess With Success.
You remember dress for success? Well, we have a new one. It's called Mess With Success.
But we won't get into that until the book comes out.
Okay, now speaking of books, I have The New York Times magazine in my hand and now that it's Tuesday.
We had Fred Chantz here yesterday and I think we had a pretty good show, especially since we didn't take any calls.
And I think Fred gave out a lot of good information.
Unfortunately, I'm not all that convinced that most people are going to pay any attention,
but even if a few of them do, and they can benefit from it, then it's worthwhile.
But on this show, unlike all the other shows in town, we haven't really had a chance to talk about this outrageous.
I heard a woman calling up Stan yesterday. I'd like to beat her with a stick.
She was going on about how everybody got a right to letter to The New York Times and right
letters to their advertisers and I really let them have it. Let them have it for what?
For telling the truth and kind of a milked over a way?
I mean, this article is so much to do about nothing and the only reason I'm bringing it up is because
I want to make that point again.
Can Miami save itself? A city be set by drugs and violence by Robert Sherrill?
And if you read the article as I did on Sunday morning, you find out that it's,
it's number one, 99 percent accurate and number two, it's no big deal.
It's no big deal. It basically is true. It's a pretty accurate reflection of the way this town
has been turned into a cesspool. And if there's anybody in this audience, whether they're one of the,
you know, Chamber of Commerce types, the Beacon Council or the non-group or any of these other
self-appointed mavens who wants to refute it, man, you ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
And instead of constantly refuting it, why don't these people come up with some answers?
And the bottom line, of course, is that none of them have any answers.
They have nothing positive to contribute to this community. And I want to come to chasing away
the kids in Fort Lauderdale on spring break, politicians in Fort Lauderdale in a
Broward County did a magnificent job on that. When it comes to dividing the community and constantly
doing the ethnic thing and getting all the ethnic tensions built up over and over again,
people like George Valdez and others have a tremendous ability to do that
and to keep the fires burning. And when it comes to a total inability to
prosecute major drug dealers and certainly the date-state attorney, who remains, by the way,
incredibly popular. Everybody loves Janet Reno. She never got anybody convicted, you know,
unless maybe they were a pickpocket, but everybody loves Janet Reno.
And then, of course, we have that cowboy of a police chief in the city of Miami,
Clarence Dixon. And in a city that's overrun with cocaine cowboys, I guess it's appropriate
that we have a cowboy as the chief of police in the city of Miami on the Anderthal.
Who, by the way, is very thin-skinned. He is not only dark-skinned, he is thin-skinned.
Because, and I'm sure that today, somewhere in this building, there will be a phone call from
his office. We want a tape of what did he say about Chief Dixon? Nothing that I haven't said before,
that he is a cowboy and that he's an Anderthal and a total disaster. The city of Miami,
and Dade County in general is so overrun by drugs as to be just unbelievable. I mean, it's everywhere,
these barbarians, these animals, these subhumans are out there peddling, not just crack,
but every kind. It's like a supermarket everywhere. And we're supposed to be upset.
I mean, even a moron like Charlie Whitehead could see through this in a herald.
On Saturday. And Mike Spindell was kind enough in his own juvenile way.
Mike was kind enough to leave me the Whitehead column because I don't get the herald.
I know that's hard for some of you to believe I don't get the herald. I get the New York Times
and the Sun Sentinel. Why? I get the Sun Sentinel. I have no idea because it's not a real
newspaper. A lot of ads in it. If you like to read the ads, man, the Sun Sentinels for you.
And it's kind of interesting. The Sun Sentinel continuing the ponder to Palm Beach County.
It's really like a Palm Beach newspaper. And like maybe if you live in the northernmost
two or three miles of Broward, you might find something that relates to you in your life.
But for example, all of this business about the New York Times, if there is anything or has
been anything about this whole business in the Sun Sentinel, then it's been very well buried.
And I just don't go through it all that much because there's nothing to read in it except ads.
Here comes our first message of the morning. They have a new building beside I-95
in Del Rey, who the Sun Sentinel. Oh sure, pretty soon they'll be in Jacksonville.
I mean, the Sun Sentinel is doing very well, but they could do so much better
if they would put something in the paper that related to most of us who live in Broward County.
And to those, you know, two million people live in Dade County. But they just don't want to do that.
They for some morbid reason, they continue to want to be a primarily Palm Beach County
Northern Broward newspaper in that order. And of course, this article brings up all the business
again about bilingualism. And I hear all these discussions on radio shows again, the same stuff we've
heard over and over and over again. And you folks can continue beating that into the ground from
not to the end of time. And I'm telling you, it's not going to change because you have this segment of
people here who are rude and arrogant and obnoxious and who think that they've taken the thing over.
And, you know, in some cases, there are those of us who believe that they have certain parts of the
area. And they don't give it to them about, you know, they're not going to hire people who aren't
their own people and they don't want to talk to people who don't want to speak their language. And
that's it. Period. It's not debatable. It is rude and obnoxious and disgusting and you cannot
legislate civility. You can't pass a law that says that people have to be civil to each other.
You can pass all the laws in the world that one doctor out there who's made himself a real
chronic regular caller, the one who always happens to mention that he would love to send whichever
host he's talking to his English-only petitions or whatever they call it, new campaign. What a pain
in the ass he is, isn't he? Unbelievable. Is there anybody who learned anything? I don't know why
I'm asking that question because obviously Joe sold 350 copies, which is all they had. All of the
copies sold out and they're probably a relative handful of people in South Florida who's subscribed
to the times like I do. So, you know, when you come right down to it, how many people potentially
have even read this thing? It's interesting to me that everybody in his brother, it's like noses,
everybody's got one. And that's how opinions are. Everybody's got an opinion on this, but most everybody
has it read it. Just like Sergio Pereira who had an immediate opinion on it before he even read it.
And on all the shows, even on this one, we were referring to it because it became a big cause
celebs. And isn't it amazing how former Mayor Fere is making all of these very frank comments in
this article which he never would have made while he was still the mayor? I'm not going to even
bother to take the time to quote from them, but there are certainly things that he never would have
said when he was the mayor. When he was mayor, he was busy saying brilliant things like well, the
economy around the rest of the country is really in desperate straits, but in Miami, we don't worry
about that because we've got all of the money in our banks. Ha ha ha, like big joke. You know,
people are dying from drugs on the streets and people are blowing each other away and people are
fleeing like crazy from all of this, but ha ha ha, all our banks are full of drug money.
See, it's people like Maurice Fere, it's Neanderthal's morons like that who have helped us to get
to the point that we're at today. And now when something like this comes out, these same morons all
raise their arms in dismay and the beacon council and the chamber of commerce and all these other
leaders, self-appointed leaders. We're going to do something about this man. We're going to write a
letter to the editor, dammit, of the damn New York Times. How do you like that? Put that in your
pipe, put that in your bong and smoke it. Put that in your beer can and smoke it.
And then of course the pictures in here and everybody makes a big deal. See, the herald
manipulates the public even even to this day. They still manipulate a good segment of the public
and the herald, as Mike pointed out very accurately the other day, the herald has errors and pictures
all the time. There's hardly a day that goes by that you won't find a little retraction or
correction somewhere in the newspaper about the wrong name on a picture or something that was a
mistake. And I grant you this is a big picture, but nonetheless, who cares about that? Is that why
people really bought the magazine to see that there was a picture in here that was only staged and
it wasn't for real? What difference does it make? I mean, it's still part of the reality of what
this town is all about. And this town is going to hell in a hand basket and you drive around different
sections of town and basically all we have left now are like the kindle's not so great either
anymore. Trust me, Kendall is a crime ridden Spanish speaking town basically, which is why I moved
out of there years ago. I can't believe it. If you could see what I'm looking at right now, we have
the Zeta Sync. I cannot believe that with a little hole in the bottom. Well, I tell you, you better
get that thing ready. I'm talking about the hole in the bottom. You better get that thing ready. I
think that Portableca be used as a Portajon. And it's got its own little sync to kind of wash all the
evil away. Zeta 94.9 on the sync. Isn't that great? Where's that going to go? Okay, I'm going to
restrain myself because I got some ideas where it could go, but that's another story for another
day. Excuse me for the distraction, but I was so overwhelmed by that. That is cute. Now, see,
here on the AM, we don't have that. We don't have syncs with our insignia. We don't have any of the
good stuff on the AM. We've got all the numbers and we got most of the revenue, but we'd listen,
we're like the peons, we're like the lost children. We're still waiting for Moses to come and lead us
out of the desert, out of the bowels of the building. But anyway, I'm sure that there are lots of
people in this audience. I'm just positive. There are lots of people who've got all kinds of things
to say about the New York Times article and all a reaction to it, even though most of you haven't
read it, that's okay. Don't let that stand in your way. Okay? Never. It's just like Admiral Point
Dexter don't ever let the truth stand in your way. I mean, if your memory gets bad, hey, we understand.
That seems to be very popular in Washington last the what, 15, 20 years. People have bad memories as
we get older. Our memories start to fade. We can't remember what we shredded yesterday.
Much less today. And certainly much less six months a year ago.
Do you think we're going to get response on the New York Times article?
You're withholding judgment. Okay. Hey, listen, you're going to be surprised because everybody
wants to say all those same things all over again that they've been saying for the last to six,
seven years now. They come to America, they ought to speak English. And when they come to my country,
they, you know, and I don't disagree with that, you know, I don't disagree with it. And I said
the other day and it's amazing that nobody commented on it. I guess maybe it was a blessing that
nobody commented on it, but all of this crap about how if the Cubans hadn't come here in the early
60s, Miami would be nothing. That's a lot of garbage. Miami would have evolved like most other,
like a lot of other American cities. Miami might be like Houston or like Atlanta or a lot of
other southern American cities or maybe even like San Diego with a better climate.
But Sergio Pereira, you're right, better still not be discriminating against Cubans. He better
hire a lot more Hispanics in Dade County. Did you see that in the herald the other day?
We're not hiring enough Hispanics. Big headline on the local section. Now, and of course,
who are they kidding over there? I mean, they're so desperate. They're running around. They're just
going through the phone book, finding Hispanic surnames and calling those people up.
Begging them to subscribe. Even if it's only for a week, just to goose up the circulation numbers.
Okay, let's give our numbers out and see if we can't just kill a little bit of time here today.
How do you like that? That moron George Valdez is going to bring that crap up again today at the
Metro Commission meeting. Look at the response on the phone here today. How's this good? I told you,
I felt it. The minute I sat down here. Now in about 30 seconds, what I'm really going to do is
pick up the magazine and rip up the New York Times magazine. I can't throw it in the waste basket
and assume that there is nobody in the audience who has anything to say about it, which is fine with
me. I'll just go home. I'm ready to go home. No problem. Because if I sit here long enough, I might
say what I originally intended to come in here and say this morning anyway, which you would have
really enjoyed. Mess with success. I'm going to give the numbers one more time.
And if we don't really see anything going on here today, I'm just going to take the day off.
I can be out there. Doesn't Flagler have a matinee on Tuesday? Sure they do. I can be out at Flagler
by 1230. No problem at all. I can stop. Have a good breakfast beforehand. Go to Flagler.
Plunge my brains out. I see Kyle screaming into the phone just shouting and yelling and
carrying on like a banshee. But that's this market, man. That's what this town is all about. That's
another thing that he doesn't. First of all, the article really doesn't say anything about the
market as a whole. That's with the W. Said nothing about it as a whole. It's like, I mentioned
this the other day. It's like Miami is the whole area and like all the rest of us are non-existent.
And of course, sometimes you feel that way. But it doesn't give you anything of the flavor
of how anti-social it is here. The people aren't friendly. They're not outgoing. They don't
want to talk to each other. They don't want to talk to you when you're on the air.
And after we're 11 and a half years, it gets old to come in every day. I ought to be able to come
in here and sit down and say, hi, how you doing? And every line on the board should light up. Not
because it's me, but just because that's the way it should be. That's the way it isn't a lot of places.
But the people here are just hard to get to. Man, they're just hard to reach.
Like I've said so many times before, this is a tough town. A real tough town.
And I don't know why we're waiting for those ratings to come out anyway, because you could have
an 80-year here. I've told you this before. It means nothing, zero, nada, nothing.
And I spent almost an hour this morning telling our management that it doesn't mean anything,
nothing, zero. We could have, how do you like this? We could have a 100-year, in other words,
every person who has a radio and is listening to it in this area could be listening to this show.
And it wouldn't mean anything. Tom, to bring back that Zeta Sync, would you please? I'm going to
jump in a sink and just, you know, wash myself down the hall. That's it.
Lauderdale, hello. Hello, Neil. I'll wait some time with you. I read most of the article that was
in the New York Times on Sunday, but I read it in the Sun Sentinel. They reprinted it in most part
with permission from the New York Times. It wasn't that nice. I mean, there was really something to
read in the Sun Sentinel for a change. Of course, you know, it's easy to reprint something, isn't it?
Yeah, well it is, but it was in the Sun Sentinel and you see, I couldn't get the New York Times because
my new stand had it sold out by 8 o'clock in the morning, and I got there at 8.30. But I think
Miami or that the city fathers and date and Miami overreacted, I have read articles knocking New
York City and telling it like it is about that, and Los Angeles and San Francisco. And this was
no great stuff. This was telling the truth and these guys are going, the crying is, oh my god,
we can't do this anymore. I want to tell you something. This article was a superficial piece of
garbage. It was such an understatement of what's going on here that if anything, Cheryl ought to be
criticized not for knocking, but for really, he went over backward when that woman called Stan
yesterday and said that he didn't mention anything that was positive. She obviously didn't even read
the article because he went on and on and on about the new basketball team and the new Symphony,
which is in the works and the this and that. And then the last part of the article, which I'm going
to turn to, the last several paragraphs, he keeps quoting all of these different self-verklinged
like Amitch Maidique over at FIU, who also I wonder if he's ever going to learn to speak English.
He goes on about the growing the Karagwan community and all the new entrepreneurs and
about the business community is going to develop such in such a way and the University of Miami
raised all of this money. So really when you read the whole thing and on balance, it is so positive
compared to what the reality of the community is that it's almost like a blue sky.
I read the old article of Paradise Lost in Time Magazine when it first came out, I guess it was about
45 years ago. No, 1981. Six years ago. Yeah. And that was a lot more negative than this article.
It was also accurate. There was nothing in that article that was inaccurate.
No, there wasn't any, but that was Time Magazine and it had time to study and do a good
investigative reporting job. The newspaper Cheryl used to be down here. He lives right at up in
Tallahassee and he's doing something from a long distance and the people down here in Miami
didn't read the paper. They just listened to Pereira and Suarez or whatever the heck his name is.
All these people complaining about what the Times article had said and not listening to or not
reading and forming their own opinions on it. These people, I don't think there's any hope left
for any of these people down here in South Florida because they're just walking dead and it upsets
me. And I can see it happening in Broward County now too. It's already died in
fade and now it's still throwing up the Broward with their kicking out the kids during spring
break, spring break, which was the only thing that kept the hotels going. The diplomat is going
belly up. The EMR on the beach is offering $43 a night and stay six night and get one free because
they can't get anybody to come down here anymore. People are afraid too. There's nothing to do. They're
upset and this article really didn't say much about that at all. How most of South Florida now
is just falling into the ocean. Have a wonderful day. Bye.
Almost, it's almost like I invited a call from Bob Lassiter today. Isn't it 1030 at W.I.N.Z.
No, I'm not knocking the caller because I mean he was getting it off his chest and I invite people
to do that. It's frustrating. And those people who knock me for a Miami bashing and knocking the
area shame on you. Boy, the way this area is deteriorated since I've come here and long before
that it started is enough to make you want to cry. And if somebody has the, well really,
I mean the guy was commissioned to write the article. He's a freelance writer so I'm not going to
give him a tremendous amount of credit. But nonetheless if somebody is honest and tells it like it is
or even tells a little slice of what's going on here, right away let's attack the messenger man
because we don't like the story. We don't like the message. We have an open line in Broward,
right? 5249400 in Broward, home of the brain dead, Kendall, good morning. Good morning.
I have a couple of things, Fady. First of all I'm a Miami native. But that doesn't change the fact
that I've seen the deterioration here. How long have you been here? I've been back just over two
years. I left just after the riots. I had a dinner party and one of my friends brought a bottle of wine
and another one brought a gun and I said, well, is that how you feel, Fave? It's time to leave this
town. But I wanted to say I went to Colorado because I'd heard so much about the frontier mentality
and how people were warmer. And it's a bunch of superficial nonsense. It's no different. Wait a
minute. You had to go to Colorado for a frontier mentality. Well, I thought I would go. We have a
frontier mentality here. No, different than Miami. Somewhere less, less decadent. For lack of a better
word, I went out west as it were. And I found that that unity, it's not different anywhere.
There's there's hostilities there. There's there's interracial problems there. They're
worried about Mexicans here. They're worried about Cubans. But when I moved back, I moved from Miami
to Kendall and then I heard you saying, well, you said about Kendall, I almost cried. I just got here.
I thought it was going to be better here. Oh, good luck to you. But I walked into a restaurant the
other day and I went up and I asked them in Spanish if they spoke English because I could tell
it was predominantly Spanish. And they said, nope, I had to fake it with my limited Spanish.
It didn't speak any English at all. Yeah, Kendall will be the next, you know, see we had Miami and
Hylia and Sweetwater. And Kendall is, well, if I say will be, probably we already could include it.
I mean, there are some people who speak English. But when you go into the convenience stores and
even some of the other establishments now, and even some of the stores in daylight and years ago,
I mean, it's nothing new. You go in and they approach you in Spanish. So Kendall is the next
lost community. Back when the May fair first opened and they were hiring, I remember seeing the
ads in the paper and they would not hire unless you were buying more. So Spanish had become a
requirement even back then. Yeah, that's terrific. But I, one thing I want to say in our
favor is that I found, when I first moved back here, I lived in Boca for a while. And I think that
to Miami's credit as horrible as it can be, the communities that don't have all the stress and all
the interracial mixes are so white bread, Neil. I mean, I couldn't even find a good restaurant to eat
and I'm a gourmet food addict. So I have to say that, oh, that reminds me, I was listening to
you Saturday morning. And I heard somebody call and talk about a new restaurant in Coral Gables.
I think it was called 276. Yeah. It's over on Alhambra Cirque. I don't know me. I think it was called.
I went in there myself and then I was listening to you Saturday and I must tell you that it's fabulous.
It's a fabulous new place. You have to try it. The food is really unique. It's a tiny little place.
But it's really warm and the food is really different and I just, I have any insight in
this place in a long time. Great. Now, but I want to go back to what you said. I'm a little confused.
I don't want to misunderstand you about good restaurant. What kind of communities did you say that
where you can't find good restaurants? In Boca, in Boca, in Boca, everything is so.
Oh, that's ridiculous. Oh, I don't think there were two nice places in Boca. There was there was
Lovey Mesa and there was another time in place, Raphael O. You had to go either up to Palm Beach
or go out to Fort Lauderdale. They're really out of here. Now, let me, let me make a point for you.
Okay. When I lived in Detroit, downtown Detroit was a sewer. It is still a sewer even with all the
renovation. It's still a sewer, but there was something to go there for. There was the London
Chop House and there were a lot of other fine. There was Carl's and there were a lot of other fine
restaurants in downtown Detroit, even Coney Island hot dog joints. I mean, there were all kinds of
places to go. Now, where do you go when you go to eat in downtown Miami? Over there used to be
place. I'm not talking about base. I'm not talking about base side because base side is like, you know,
it's like a shopping center, but I'm talking about downtown Miami. When you go there, where's the
more of the fine eating establishments? I don't know anymore because I've just gotten back and the
fear that I asked my friends about that used to be there like Tulio and Andres and those little
places that were hidden away are gone. Yeah. That, you know, they couldn't stand it anymore.
Even what's his name? The Northern Italian guy, um, Romando. He moved. So I guess you're right on
that count, but it's just it's an aura that I was really it's the attitude. Um, maybe it's because
I grew up in Miami and I'm used to the ethnic mix and I like a little bit of of the differences
that when there's a difference between an ethnic mix and feeling alienated and being in a foreign
country. Absolutely. I'm sorry. I can't explain it. I guess it's not a cultural mix. It is a foreign
country. Period. I can't disagree with that because I'm confused about the issue myself. I don't
think that it's fair to mandate that we be bilingual. I do agree with the people that say if
you're going to live in our country, you have an obligation to at least attempt to speak the
language in public. I agree that you're with you that it's rude and crude and it's disgusting. It
is vulgar. It is obnoxious. It's one of the most to use one's language as a weapon as a divisive
force to beat other people over the head with to isolate yourselves with and to bring
scorn upon yourselves and then to turn around and say, oh, big it, big it. Well, what the hell do
people expect when they behave in such a way that says very clearly we don't want to assimilate.
We don't want to be part of your damn culture. We're going to do our own thing. We're going to take
over. We're going to hire our own people. We're going to have our own thing. And if you don't like it,
you can get the hell out. And we're going to do it in your country with the benefits that your
society provides. Exactly. With all the benefits you gave us with all those cheap low interest loans,
with all the help that you gave them. Are you with the food stamps and the welfare of your and
my tax dollars. We have people turning around and spitting in our face. And that's why there are so
many people leaving a date county. And that's why there's so much divisiveness in this town. And
here we, you know, we just had that promo on a few minutes ago. Here George Valdez again today
is going to bring up the attempt to repeal the anti-bilingual ordinance. So we can open up all
those wounds again and we can everybody fighting with each other and bring back all the old hatreds
again. Isn't that just what we need? Perfect. It's perfect. But on my run about the New York Times
article, I admit I didn't read it. So I'll open myself up for that criticism. But the news did
say that most of the negatives that they stated were from the riot period in the 80s. Was that
a... Oh, nonsense. That's a lot of baloney. What they talked about was an understatement of exactly
what's going on here today. This is not a rehash. This isn't something that, you know, again, as I said,
it just warmed over because there's nothing new in here. But in terms of what's really going on now,
it's accurate. For example, it talks about the survey that was taken by Lewis Harris last
spring. When they asked all the CEOs all over the country to rank 30 metropolitan areas in terms
of desirability, Miami came in 28th out of 30. Okay? And it talks about the reasons why they felt
that way about the crime and the drugs and all the other things and about housing prices and how
they declined and so on. It's up to date. This is not a rehash of 1981. That's just an excuse by
those people who would try to say, oh, this is all ancient history. We've made a comeback. Everything's
wonderful now. Right. Everything's great. And I'm going to say to you again, if you believe these
people that everything's wonderful, you'll get in your automobile and go down to South Point or whatever
that thing is there on Miami Beach where the dog track used to be, a government cut, and you drive
all the way up, all the way up, Collins Avenue and up a bisqueen or A1A or bisqueen boulevard, whichever
you choose, federal highway, up, Dayton, Broward, and take a look around you and you'll cry. You will cry
when you see what's going on. Bad what's happening to us because the area of the landmass has
such potential. Yeah. Well, good luck to us all, man. Yeah. Thank you. Bye-bye. What am I getting hysterical
about? Mess with success. 20 minutes before 11 at WINZ and let's go to North Miami Beach. Hello. Yes. This is Nature Boy Dino.
I like to get a few things off my chest if I can on the air. It's nothing
dirty or nothing. It's just how I feel about what's happened to my land. The reason I call it my land
is I've been here for 40 years. I'm 42 years old. I was born in Brooklyn in Raisin, Miami in
Haya, Liyah. Excuse me. I just moved out of Haya, Liyah. I built my own house there. I spent 25
years on my life building it. I lived 35 years there, as I said, and I've seen it change, as I've
seen a lot of other things change in my land. And I kind of discussed it about the whole thing. There's
not much anybody wants to do about it except like you said, smile about how nice everything is and
it's really not. I'm an old diver, skin diver, and you're talking about South Beach. I know just about
every rock out there on the Jeddies. I've been diving here since I was about seven or eight years old.
And first I want to attack the Army Corps of Engineers. They come down here and they say, oh,
what you got to do is replenish the land on the beaches. And the hotel owners who has all the money
says, yeah, fine, it's a good idea. We'll buy it. But the people didn't say have a chance to say
anything about it because the people just don't know. How many people living here are divers?
Know anything about what's underneath the water. So the Army Corps of Engineers come here with
their big pipes and they suck up all the dirt and rock. Sir, for the benefit of the audience,
I understand the point you're trying to make, but you're going to put the audience into a coma.
Oh, yeah, my wife does now put my kids to sleep all the time. Exactly. And you know, the point is a
valid one, but you know, that isn't really rough. That's just a tip of the iceberg. Exactly.
I like to talk about the train and jails. I think if we got rid of the jails and build barracks
out there instead of building barracks on the school grounds, they're putting the children in a little
barracks and we build barracks out in the Everglades. And we put all these guys that are
selling drugs in jail without air conditioning and color TV. I think they'll think twice about going to jail.
I still live. Okay, let's go to Miami Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. Neil, can I know just
going to waste a little time, but you might as well do it. It's just probably part of the purpose.
I have not read the article of New York Times because I can't find it yet. I want you to have
a copy of it right in my hand. Yeah, what about if you read it? The whole thing. At the fall. No,
it goes on for like seven or eight pages. Stand there, but that way, you know, I don't want to make
a comic without knowing what, you know, is in the article. So I'm not going to make a comic. I've
already said the essence of the article is it says can Miami save itself a city be set by drugs
in violence? And it talks about the fact that most corporations don't want to come here because of
the image of the community and about the fact that we have a housing cost in Dave County have gone
way down since 1982 and the last five years and about, you know, the ethnic tensions that exist
here and about the right wing mentality of the big segment of the Cuban population, which is
alienated the rest of the population and the fact that this ought to be the most liberal day
used to be the most liberal county in the state of Florida. Now, of course, it's become a right
wing county. You know, basically, it's, it's just an understatement of the truth about what this
town has become. That's all it, you know, it doesn't require taking an hour and a half or two hours
to sit and read the whole thing on the air. It just it just tells it like it is. But again,
it's very superficial. It's only just scratching the tiniest tip of the iceberg in terms of how
this community has deteriorated. It doesn't even go into the fact that about tourism, for example,
no mention of the way that Orlando is taking away so much of our tourism or the fact that, you know,
we allow Disney to get away in the casino gambling thing doesn't make any mention of that.
We're trying to be taken away. Exactly. No mention of that. Okay, what about
this is only this is only about the city of Miami. There is no mention of Fort Lauderdale,
no mention of anything else as though the city is like kind of self-sustaining and supporting.
And there's nothing else but marsh and the Everglades around it. Okay, then in other words,
it's an overreaction by the politicians again. Exactly. Exactly. They're just trying to, you know,
you know, when a dog does its number in the backyard, how it kind of runs a couple of feet away
and then it kicks its hind legs up and kicks some dirt up in the air like it's trying to cover up.
That's what the politicians are doing. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay.
And the politicians have done exactly to us what the dog did in the backyard. Okay, they've done that
on us over and over and over again. They have no solutions, they have no suggestions, they have no
answers, they have no nothing. But Blue Sky, that's all they can do is continue to lie and to lie and
to lie. And Chief Dixon, I'm going to tell you something what's going on in your city.
In all parts of the city of Miami with animals and I do mean animals out there on the streets
selling crack and just a smorgasbord of every kind of drug that's ever been invented is so pervasive
and so disgusting, you want to hang your head in shame. And the people who live in those neighborhoods
with those barbarians and those animals who permit this to go on in their back yards and right
under their noses, they ought to hang their heads in shame. What a disgrace. What an absolute disgrace.
And here we have all these big stories on the nightly news on our local channels Crack cocaine
and this and and you know something it's getting worse, not better it's getting worse as every day
goes by. Worse. And I see our friends in Broward are really into this man. We got every line in
Broward is wide open. This is just like old times again, isn't it? Now you understand why I gave up
doing this kind of show because the people who live here also are a big part of the problem. They don't
give a damn. They're willing to accept any kind of crap. They don't you know, oh, we're going to get
the attempting on our windows and we're going to go out and buy some more guns and we'll get some more
security systems. They don't give a damn about anything. That's the thing that really gets me.
Boy, I never forget living through that business in 1980 and 1981. I mean, that was really some picnic.
I mean, there were bodies popping. They were almost like bodies falling out of the sky in this town.
A couple nights when I left the South day to go home on Dixie Highway, I remember seeing these big cars
sideways in the middle of the on the opposite lanes of Dixie Highway with bodies and blood. It was
like watching Miami Vice-Sony. It was the real world. And nobody wanted to talk about it. Nobody
cared about it. And you people, those of you who are here who live in your little ivory towers,
you don't care. You don't care. So I don't know why the politicians are overreacting,
getting hysterical or why I'm even bringing this up again this morning because the people don't give
it then. And when it comes to the politicians and when it comes to our quality of life and when
it comes to the drugs and when it comes to anything serious, that's why six months ago on this
program or seven months ago, I stopped trying to save the world from itself because the people in
this community, man, are like vegetables. They are brain dead and then some. They're beyond brain
dead. Whatever the stage is beyond brain dead, that's what the people are in this area. So we'll laugh
and we'll puke and we'll play all our cute little stuff and we'll do our thing and that's what we're
going to do on this show. Believe me, I have no idea whatever possessed me, whatever got into me.
To come in and bring this crap up again today.
It's like never, never land. Oh, I live in plantation and I live in Davy and I live in Cooper City
and I live in Kendall and what, like I said a couple of weeks ago, what is it all revolve around
in the answer is nothing, nothing. These are isolated little meaningless communities that have
nothing to do with each other and nothing to do with nothing.
Royal Oak, Harper Woods, Gross Point, they're suburbs of Detroit, they're something real,
they're something, I mean, it may not be great but at least it's real, they're something tangible.
And the same in New York and in Chicago, in LA and San Francisco, in every real city in America,
but this is not a real city, this is just fantasy land. Let's make believe.
Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. You are so right, you predicted always years ago and it happens.
It happens. And you know something the people didn't care then and they still don't care now.
I want you to know if they don't get up and start doing something. What, wait a minute, wait a minute,
what are they going to do? Start doing what? They're crazy. Get up and fight the goddamn politicians
that are in here. How dare they come here and try to dictate to us? Well here, for years I was born here.
They got no rights to dictate the way they are to tell you that you got a higher mark.
Newspings, how many unemployed Americans are there here? How dare they say this?
And how dare they come from all over the world and grab the places back with countries and kill
animals and slaughter them with gold juice and they're crazy. These people are absolutely out of their mind.
And goddamn it, brain, I blame Carter. They ought to take them back where he lives and keep them there.
Are you?
Like I said, we should have called last year this morning. It's 11 before 11 at WYNZ. We have an open line in
Brown, and it's before 11 at WYNZ. Carl Geibels, hello.
Hey, good morning Neil. Yes. How you doing? Okay.
Listen, I'm only 16, but unlike unfortunately many of my friends, I happen to know exactly what's
going on in this town and it's very frightening. I've lived your all my life born here and it scares
me very much. And that, you know, the problem is I think about like if I remain in this town,
what will this city, if it's, you know, the way it is now, what's going to be like in 20 years?
And it's absolutely, it's scary to think of what this town will be like in 20 years because
the politicians right now, they're just, they're combatose, they're intellectually combatose.
I mean the lights are on and no one is home in these politicians heads.
But it's not only the politicians, the people who live here, re-elect every incumbent,
they're, the people are the most unsophisticated voters, perhaps, of any large city in America here.
They go out, there are never any issues, you know, and it's not only Cubans, the Jews are the same
way. There's Barry Schriver with his Yamakan. Hey, we love Barry, he's dancing the horror and it
makes no difference. All they got to do is go out and pander to the ethnic group that's, that
predominates their particular area that they're in and man, they're back in over and over and over
again. And no matter how stupid they are and how divisive they are and how counterproductive they
are, we keep putting them back over and over again. And then every time something like this article
comes on, everybody gets on a year. Well, it's the politicians who the hell keeps putting
them back into office. The thing is, I look at that, they, all the kids in my high school and most
of these people, most of these kids in 10 years are going to be the same way I can tell, I can see it.
The, I mean, it's in 10 years, they'll be doing the same thing. The politicians will pander to them.
All right, I want to ask you a question, a serious question. If kids in your school want to get crack
or they want to get any drug they want, do they have to go far to get it? Not my school. I mean,
I'm in it. I go to a very, I go to a, not a, it's an I go to school in Kendall. Yeah, it's a pretty
basically a white collar school, about a third, third black, about a third, a little less than
third black predominant, the majority one is white and then you guys, you know, a lot of
spandex too. But I'm telling you, if you want it, if you want the drugs, if you want the crack,
there are connections you can make, okay? It's just that it's very sad too. And the thing is,
we're one of the better schools too. I go to one of the better schools in terms of drug,
during some of the inner city schools, Miami High and who knows what else there? I mean, it's
disgusting. I mean, I've heard things that they really do scare me and these kids in 10 years,
if they even, you know, know how to vote who knows. But they'll be doing the same thing in 20 years
from now will be in the same thing New York Times. Can Miami save itself part 62? Yeah. And it's
really scary. Okay. I appreciate hearing from you. And I'm going to say something that's going to
get a lot of, I've said this before, it's nothing brand new, but you're just not supposed to say it in
polite company and especially not on the air. You people in the black community, you blacks in this
town who sit back and, and I'm not saying that all blacks pedal drugs and all blacks are permissive,
but I'm going to tell you something what's going on in the black sections of Dayton,
Broward County. And I'm guaranteeing in a lot of the black sections of big cities all across
this country, is it a disgrace and don't tell me about discrimination and don't tell me that you
can't go out and get an honest job. Oh, but it's the white man. We'd be the lackeys of the white
man. They'd be the ones that are getting, providing all the drugs. You know, it's, you know, nobody is
twisting anybody's arm. Nobody's holding a gun to anybody's head forcing them to go out and pedal
drugs. Nobody. But boy, what a cushway that is to make a living man. And every place that you
will find large numbers of black people in Dayton, Broward counties, and I'm not saying that, you
know, we don't have Hispanics dealing in drugs. We don't have Anglo-is-dealing in drugs, but the
black areas and where blacks continue moving in are just overrun with people standing on the streets
from Miami to Homestead to Fort Lauderdale to Lauderdale. You name it. And I'm going to tell you
something. Those aren't human beings. Those are animals. Those are barbarians.
And I don't know, Chief Thicks. And maybe we don't have enough jail cells, but I'm going to tell
you something. We got to find some way to round those barbarians up and get them off the streets.
We didn't have any problem putting illegal aliens in the chrome detention center. Why don't we put
some of the barbarians in chrome and lock them away there until we get cells available in our prisons?
Because this is what's destroying this town. And as I said yesterday, if anybody really thinks that
the majority of people here understand how pervasive the drug problem is in this town, they're
living in a dream world. It's everywhere. Tourism long since, long ago, stopped being the number one.
Economic part of our community. Drugs has been the number one part of the economy in this area for
years now. And it's getting bigger and worse every single day. And how people with any kind of
conscience, how people with any kind of soul can sit back and permit this to go on under their
noses and permit their children and their grandchildren to be doing this and to be destroying other
people's lives beats the hell out of me. But we're not supposed to talk about it and then the
art title bombs come along and all the other we have what is that group foot down there where we have
the community relations board and oh gee we better do something about these talk show hosts and
about neo-rodgers. I'm going to tell you something the truth never heard anybody. The truth only
hurt those people who deserve to be hurt and expose those people who deserve to be exposed.
And this is a community that's asleep a community that's a la la land because the people don't give a
damn they're busy off in their little ivory tower as I said off in plantation and they're off in
Cooper City and wherever the hell it is. And don't confuse them with you know the bigger picture
because they don't care. And I'm getting a headache sitting here you know deluding myself into
thinking that I'm going to get them to care I know differently they're not going to care for
love or money. Mike Wolf is here with the headlines CBS News at 11 o'clock and we'll come back with
our number two here. I'll tell you if you want to make this very simplistic the two biggest
problems with this whole area there are too many old people and there are too many I'm looking
for the right word I don't want to say foreigners because that would sound like taffy McCallum.
There is too much riff raff that has come here on boats and on rafts and God only knows how they
got here and they're you know destroying the area destroying it they're turning it into a cesspool.
And all of these limousine liberal friends of mine you know the ones who love to live in the sub-roves
but like to tell everybody else they should live in the inner city all of those limousine liberals
who would point the finger and call you a bigot because you move out when certain groups start
moving in how many of your people would like to live in a cesspool how many of you would like to
live in the kind of conditions that you can see in this community where people are living like animals
like barbarians who throw their garbage on their front lawn whose children peddle drugs on the
street corner it'll five o'clock in the morning till the sun comes up but see that's a problem in
this country if you say what you really feel then you're a bigot then everybody's going to attack you
and they're going to try to muzzle you and shut you up and then you know the status quo we go back
to the way things are and nobody can understand why we can't solve the problems Miami hello
good morning Neil how you doing okay yeah i wouldn't like to live in a cesspool leader
i'd tell you one thing i'm kind of from i'm in i'm between a rock and a hard place i'm i'm a
a Cuban American first and a Cuban second and you can tell by my language i speak pretty good english
and my Spanish isn't that bad but like i'm like i said i'm like between a hard and a hard place i
love this country i love what it stands for i hate some of these people they come out here and they
come to this country and they don't learn the language and they pose their views and their language
on other people no it's even worse is when they do learn the language and they refuse to speak it
in public because they want to be rude and obnoxious and arrogant and disgusting that's even worse
yes it is and i want to tell you something that happened the on friday i wrote with a highway
patrol officer as an observer we pulled over a Latin male he was drunk and took him down to the
when the officer started reading them his rights you know to do the d.y. test and the
videotape and all that when he was videotape the officer asked him i'm going to read your rights
in english and the guy goes i know i speak english and the officer read him in english and
then read him in spanish but about 10 minutes into the whole the whole steel about the d.y.or s
the guy goes in perfect english he goes i need to go to a bathroom i don't go to the bathroom i'm
going to tinkle all over myself and that was being read a videotape so i imagine when that guy
stands in front of a judge and the judge views that videotape what's the judge going to do
you know i can't understand and one of these people come to this country and they love this
country but then again they want to impose who says they love this country what makes you say that
well that's what they say yeah no they love to take advantage of what
opportunities the country has given them but that doesn't mean they love the country
and it takes me off because like i said i don't keep my love this country and i've been here and
and you know there's nothing i wouldn't do and if for del Castro falls tomorrow i bet you
that half of these people that you listen to on these spanish radio stations who are getting all
these old Cubans all riled up about cuban for the other one they wouldn't go back they wouldn't go
back you're crazy now you think they're going to give up all the stuff that they got here the houses
and all the other way back there and no way and no yeah but see in order to get listeners and
audited to to to to to to scruly american public that people that live the americans that live
down here in Miami they're sitting there plugging away plugging away plugging away oh i like to tell
you that that's my spiel for for now but i like to tell you on first of your friday i was listening
to steve can on the way home and somebody called about uh you and your numbers and all this stuff and
uh he was um uh talking about uh by the time he called you a show when he just left w's news
and uh how you treated them and uh you know when he's not talking to you he's sitting there you know
you're sitting there screaming and yelling and seeing all these things but then when when he calls you
or you know whatever we don't even discuss him you know we don't even breathe his name on this show
well he called you a coward because you're not willing to face the facts in front of him
and well the the facts in front will be out this afternoon will be out in the next hour will be
the next set of numbers and i guarantee you the numbers for this show will be even better than they
were the day that he called in yeah those are the facts uh but uh the caller was defending you
and he would say well i make we know what tells me who's better is not the numbers it's how much i'm
making i make more new rotters you know something i couldn't couldn't care less if he made five
million a year he's still small potatoes and we don't discuss him and it's an arrogant SOB
exactly all right he thank you very much Neil have a good day 12 minutes after 11 at wion z we have
an open line in day 624 9400 let's go to Miami hello oh Neil yes hey how you doing okay great
show today i really enjoyed this uh listen to you all the time uh i was watching channel four news
last night in ten mitten ten minton today uh i have some investigative reporting and uncovered that
there's a may a uh manager of date county surgeo per era yeah suit tie this guy had
car phones installed in his and his car his county car his white car his deputy managers car and
this other deputy's car and they ask him about all the uh car phones and he says when i have to
when i need to be reached i need to be reached so they surveyed every other metropolis in the nation
and not one county manager and the whole nation had a car phone yeah oh he's having a good time you
know he's taken us for all he can get just like most of these other guys do and they're just like
rosario kennedy with her eighty billion dollars worth of furniture or whatever it is you know
they they're just taking us for a great ride and you know as long as they realize the public is
oblivious and all of the other way they're gonna squeeze and suck every dime and every perk out
of us that they can get his wife had one in her car though yeah well listen you never know
what he might be in her car you know oh this this is really comical she may have him hidden in the
trunk that was amazing i thought that was uh i thought i just bring you light i don't know if
everyone saw it but uh it was quite interesting yeah well you know what they say about
nero is fiddling while Rome was burning in this case it's just the opposite the community is
fiddling while the politicians are burning the rest of us exactly okay okay Neil thanks a lot
what is that now he's holding up nine fingers and here comes a sheet of paper that says oh well
this is a good response to the uh to the last caller and while we ordinarily don't mention Steve's
name on the show we certainly would at this point because we know that he's listening and from
10 to 3 the ratings are just in from the spring arbitrage rating book is in that interesting
well let's start from the bottom let's start from the very bottom with w and w s a 3.3
w i o d a 3.6 and w i n z a 9.0 by the way i'm not working Saturdays anymore okay um let's say
it's 11.14 at w i n z we'll get you know a lot more on this and we'll you know spend just we don't
want to spend a lot of time on it right you know maybe till like maybe till four or five i'll stick
around with Stan and we'll go over all of the numbers and to break it down because we like to
spread the truth on this show a nine okay is there anybody in the audience who had and of course
now the logical thing if Bob Rich were the general manager Bob would come in and sit down and say to
me we need an 18 realistically minimum 18 in order to survive okay a nine share in midday and I
thank the audience because really as I said 9% of the people did I say this just the other day
9 or 10% of the people in this town have their heads on straight they listen to this show the other
90% more on so okay so i'm not insulting the audience i'm insulting the rest of the public out
there who are doing whatever they're doing what are they doing listening to music they're listening
to life they're listening to that wonderful elevator music oh it's so wonderful got through
they are they really are they're living in their little cocoons in their ivory towers and their
adult only retirement communities and they're vegetating vegetating we have more number this
just like election night we have more numbers coming in right now here they are oh look at this
this is good this is all of the stations we ought to go now wait a minute we need you here for
just a second you can even open his mic i mean when you got a nine share you'd even let a douchebag
on your show i wasn't saying that about you necessarily but yes well who do you think i was
talking to the moon okay well let's see w i n z's on here somewhere
to alphabet couldn't it a six three oh did we beat qba god the levo
w q qba oh no are you gonna believe this they only had a five one it wasn't even close we killed
them well let's see if anybody beat us we had a six three i guess life of course lifeless uh yeah
they were down a little bit in eight six is in that wonderful or after them next now what about
w snooze what about w news and talk on the lee louder show talks louder than anybody in the market
you know i haven't a something hit me yes they but why good i played something hit you but why he
talks so loud Neil why i think he's going deaf i think you know after i met him at the softwa
game i think he's going deaf boy look at this a m seems to be i thought a m radio was dying all the
a m seem to be going up except the Spanish language a m somebody said a m was dying look at that uh
w a q i isn't at wacky radio mom b why mom b went way down from a four six through a three two
in this and double a qba went down from a five six to a five one w r a c went from a one seven
to a one one so these Spanish language stations are going adios oh boy isn't that a breath of
fresh air hot about time w c m q a m down from a one four to a one two what about qba FM this
will get stand-up said now they went up okay stand you're okay from a one nine to a two three
that's super cool yeah yeah what about w e dr from a five oh to a four one oh i can't
you see all these ethnic minorities man they're going down weird so they're listening to the truth
in ingles oh you will be depressed to know okay i'll actually get go up from a three oh to a
three five not exciting first up book and god oh yeah well you know when you get down to oh you
know what i haven't even looked at yet i almost forgot oh the last station uh oh i don't think
i'll mention that one who should i that'll take the pressure off you if i read it there's no pressure
what pressure i mean would you prefer that i read it look at this the rostad you just brought
in the mail thanks rostad oh this be pretty good mail here rostad this be pretty good oh thank you
bae here's soccer America this oh look at that soccer America you sure you don't want this oh wait
a minute rostad you don't play soccer do they i'm sure okay a nine you shared you have any idea
what that means from a seven nothing it means nothing that's the incredible part of it a nine
in midday okay a nine this is a radio station they used to do ones and twos ones and twos and those
were all old people okay real old i mean like over a hundred by the way the news is coming back
tomorrow on midday well listen they made the decision before the book came out what can i tell you
this is great what's that coupon we don't have time for that right now this is from the New York times
we still don't have time for it this is from the New York times two okay this magazine that everybody
so up in arms about okay the fm yeah why dairy should i read this because i have been already
told in no uncertain terms don't go overboard on this although Peter Bulger you were witness he said
i could say anything i wanted read it anyway well listen it's a uh maybe it'll stay by itself
on a year plan on the fm maybe it'll stay by itself if you just read it well how about if i look
at the other a or rs first okay like that w g t r and she went from a two two to two six
oh okay yeah she yeah went from a two seven to a two two so that was like kind of a turnaround
yeah they sort of flip flop yeah and zeta go ahead went from a one six
two a one two
a stale label now what are you why are you doing that what are you doing that there's still you know
just a couple of years away from greatness all right let's take our first break here and i'm
apologize there are a lot of people online they've been waiting a long time and you know
you're eleven twenty six at w i n z so i guess we beat everybody but life right
let me go up and down to listen does anybody care about this do you think our audio they care
no why care and the other all the other people in the business care and of course they're all listening
is there anybody else this station had a six point three share twelve plus in the spring book i
mean that is so incredible it is so mind-vogeling of course the question now is will they be able to
sell my show and the answer is of course not let's see now who's this with a five four uh oh
tenor powerless ninety six went way up way up to a five four of course that's all those people are
into that scratch music they be some real interesting people no so we're like number two in the
market with the number one a m and number two overall behind lifeless and of course you know two
thirds of their audience are in offices their captive audience they're listening in dentist
offices and doctors offices and psychiatrists offices etc look warm one oh five
what is lukewarm one oh five what is that what is it oh hot one oh five i'm sorry i forgot
see i have totally forgot about them other about flat three four to a three three flat
they're going to be playing chinese mizurka's next week on not so hot one oh five
or maybe they'll become a little hotter maybe there'll be such one one oh five you never know
okay so those are the numbers as we have them and of course so we'll be getting a little bit more
on this is the returns from the farm belt comes in so a stick around and we can gloat and we can
jump up and down carry on and uh... just you know do a kazansky on a year together so all of those
people out there who'd like me to be off the air and all the people who send the hate mail and
who would like to have the news back in midday and are all upset because we don't have admiral
point dexter will give them the italian salute exactly stick it where the moon don't shine is basically
the message but of course it was a lot of fun but now i think we have to go back
of course we don't want to do too well because like i told you when you do too well
then everybody starts getting real nervous real nervous like the people in the programming
department there always nervous and if you do too well then you attract a lot of attention so
if we can cut it you know like slide back a lot of guests exactly let's bring back those boring
guests you know i was thinking our fred shots was really good yesterday and he put passed out a
lot of good information very important information but i want to say this
i sat in there with tuity bird in the programming office this morning and i said to him
as of this moment i'm beginning to think that perhaps no guests ever
might be the way to go
now i hate to say that because there's some people we have on every now and then i really like like jica
and cospherd and linda thorton and uh... steanie segretto and you know there there may be about a
half a dozen ten whatever it is
that i enjoy and we have a good time together but i i don't know
i don't know
we'll find out okay we had a couple of people drop off in date and i have you know profusely
apologize from the bottom of my heart because i know we kept you waiting
and you're really i got you worked up to a frenzy about what this town is turning into a
new york times and all this other stuff
and uh... you know we lost three callers while i went through this whole tirade this self-aggrandizement
about the ratings
but this is what it's all about this is what we live in di four okay now i'm sitting here with a nine
now mister pompus over there on that other station whose name we don't mention
when his book comes out uh... you know obviously he wasn't a part of this but when the um...
summer book comes out
i'd be very curious to see what that number is we compare numbers that would be interesting
okay let's go back to the call look at that just about everybody dropped off
you know something i don't think i'm even going to try to go back to it i really don't
now i don't think i'm going to go back to it i think i'm just going to play uh... the whole rack
don't you
we didn't take any calls yesterday look how painless that was everything was wonderful
until two o'clock when i was about to leave and i got called into our program directors office
and then it was not so wonderful
and i thought to myself when i got up this morning should i really go in there to work today or should i just
you know kind of go out on strike should i pick at the radio station and just have a big
placard that says mess with success
you see because obviously based on these numbers i don't know what i'm doing in any
delotted direction and a lot of restrictions
and one of the things that's happened on this radio station and it's because thank goodness
we have had a tremendous amount of latitude is that we've
brought
enormous numbers of people back to a m radio
because we've had a lot of latitude and we haven't had people standing over our shoulders
assuming that we didn't know what we were doing
i don't hear you how come i don't hear him
ron herrison is driving home he just stopped at the shell city liquor store to get a bottle of champagne
he wants to hear the morning numbers again
all i don't i don't have the morning numbers
how come i don't have the numbers for the rest of the day
maybe there's still things probably yeah no i don't think so because i got 10 to 3
six to 10 would come first yeah exactly how come they don't bring me i'd love to
attute the horn about the rest of the station
about our great morning drive news which is i mean if anybody listens to the news in the
morning on any other station they got to be a fool
and i've been saying that ever since i came to this radio station i'd say it with all sincerity
we have great news people in the morning and for the life of me i have no idea why anybody would
choose to listen to any other station for news in the morning or any time for that matter
well there is one hour but i'm not going to get into that because i've been told don't you know
don't say it there is one hour in the early evening i don't want to mention what time it is after
staying gets off the air but i'm not going to talk about it
let me just give the numbers out again and i don't you know at this point i don't care what you do
you know what i'm saying i don't care what you want to talk about if you want to keep up with the
New York Times because i know that nobody gives it am i can sit here and get all emotional
get my blood pressure up and scream and holler about the animals peddling drugs and the towns
turned into a cesspool and we've got you making gangs and this kind of gang and you know it's
pathetic it's really sad you know i guess the new thing you know when you're when you're some part
of a ethnic minority now the new thing in america unlike what it used to be years ago then
no i shouldn't say that because even years ago we had all these other gangs that's true it's not
different but it's just a lot more unpleasant now because we're living through it
but what is it that gives you the right when you come into the country to all of a sudden
have a large segment of your people be barbarians i'm not sure i understand that
north day perhaps has the answer to the question hello i wish i did but i don't i didn't think so
wish i did well first of all congratulations thank you okay and for god's
make don't give up the phone we live for it let me ask you something well i don't even know
what to talk about that at the truth i know you know but the thing that irk to me is that
these god damn telephones that we are paying phone bills for every employee of the city they're
calling australia they're calling all of the universe and we are paying for those calls
i think the auto called trailways for a one-way bus ticket
and i think we'd be delighted to donate 75 bucks a piece for each one of them to
for a one-way ticket to anywhere they want to go this is terrible deal and him with five phones
yeah well he has to have a phone for each suit of course but you know what it's funny and yet
it is so pathetic do we by the way do we know where he got the phones and how much he paid for them
oh that might be interesting yeah that's it the only thing i heard he got him at the flea market at
a special discount it's all good i hope probably yeah i don't know what else to talk about i just
want to say congratulations thanks a lot hang in there keep your head above water okay okay
that's all we try to do in south florida is tread water now here's michael who of course is the
dean of the winds newscasters five one in morning drive an excellent number excellent so we beat him
again uh oh hi od was a four something in the morning and mike has been told he has to do a
twelve minimum minimum that's a true story by the way how would you feel if they told us that you
know like we've got to do a fifteen in the next book or you're all out of work exactly it's time
to open up a second bar mike what can i say thank you for those numbers okay and congratulations to
our morning news team who again have beaten a competition what was that they were saying it's
news after the softball game the other night about how we may have beaten them off the air but they
beat us on the air well last couple of books that hasn't happened so perhaps uh tom shaffer and his
midget sidekick over there auditor you know if you're going to talk loud at least have something to brag
about north maiammy hello hi a neo yes first i want to congratulate you when i'm very very happy
thank you so much and uh secondly uh i hope you're just kidding when you said that you're not going to
work on Saturday that means that you'll be denying all these people who work all week long and
can't listen to you during the week i look look forward to listening to you on Saturday let me tell
you something the chances of them letting me off on Saturday are nonexistent okay oh now you make
me happy i really mean that i had to interrupt a very important thing that i was doing to get you on
a telephone and to verify it to verify what that you're going to continue working on Saturday well how
about if they let me have off like every third or fourth Saturday wouldn't that be a good deal well
that wouldn't be too bad yeah i mean they even let Alice off every fourth Saturday and he only works
three hours on Saturday uh-huh right yeah that's right well anyway again i congratulate you you
just say everything uh all the ratings that you get all the good ratings that you get thank you
is really uh there's no one like you working like that well i know that's what they tell me okay
have a great day thank you to i continue working on Saturday okay the Saturday people
are listening to you okay bye bye maybe Sunday too how about Sunday and then i can do a let's see a show
on the FM on the weekend on one of the nights on the weekend i can do an oldie show on the FM
and what else and then i can over go over to love 94 and i can sit around with uh noodles
and all those other exciting people over there in the morning before i come to work here
okay we have an open line in day six two four nine four hundred and we have a very bright
caller from deer field coming up next hello hello uh nil yes i i'm gonna echo the congratulations
and with your numbers you shouldn't have any difficulties getting off whenever you want to get off
exactly like like it known for example today if i want to go over to flag there they should bring
somebody in here i'll just take off a show for limon or anything you want you got it you got it
that's the price the numbers of anybody around the place right at least they ought to the least they
can do you know is bring me a cake that isn't still not you should never have a bit of aggravation with
so-called management people at all they should be suburb suburb of subbishop to your
your desires uh after all you make it go all right now that's stroking i want to get down to
something that i know about personally and i think it might be interesting i'd give
to your listening people back in the sixties when the first cubans came over the so-called
they weren't wealthy people they had the retinues and they had the groups of they had tremendous
retinues i was a mailman i delivered mail to them we had a project out there called westchester
it's not a project that is very shouldn't be used but it was very fine homes built in the
wonderful neighborhood these homes were just begging nobody wanted nobody could buy them
they were too expensive at that time back in the early sixties i think they were eighteen
vowed and they had central air they had every convene is so on all of a sudden i see this
influx of groups of people going into each home and i see from from six months old all the way up
and then i see what retinue retinue similar to what marcos would have and then i started
delivering checks and then i would find my amazing that everybody got a check welfare whatever
them these are let me see all those are mirrors i never called them on radio before but they were the
rest oh did you want me to stop that now go ahead i'm listening and then once a month i found out
that i was delivering two hundred fifty dollar checks to anybody that was in the bill of they have
picked they have picked operation so this is where a lot of the money was now these were the people
that were supposed to be the cadre or the by the way a lot of those folks that were out there that
i recognized names from those days at presidents of banks for nowadays and really have gotten up in
this world but they let's place it they were never down in any other world in cuba or here
but if you can just imagine all those checks and went out there and the funny part of a sidebar
this is i want to deliver the the seats uh cia checks they were in the regular envelope
and i noticed that the place was in the building in coral gables and i sent something to the
coral gables he said nobody's supposed to know that's cia but um was just was interesting to me
anyway he got let me see i'm a little nervous i never called them on radio before but i knew
it all right okay 20 minutes till noon at wion z we have an open line in day six two four
9400 we have a um i think we'll take the collect call from west palm beach because we're trying
to conserve hello hi nale hi congratulations on your numbers thank you and despite what management
says continue to do we just what you're doing right now obviously it's working yeah i always do the
opposite of what they say and look how well it's worked out that's right and i think you should get
Saturdays off i think only at you everyone else works five days a week yeah and slave labor i thought
that was illegal that's right management doesn't work six days a week no do you that'd be a cold day
in hell when you'd see them here on the weekend you should get off also question on iod what happened to
them not that i care anymore what happened to them now i care you said four is number well you
got to remember that uh... i don't i don't well it's in the midday they had a three six which was
up quite a bit amazingly from a two four well but you got to remember that all the people who were on
then are gone that's right well when they left i left i said just a little way go to them yeah and i
got a call from my Anthony you what yeah what he wants you to do a show the my Anthony of iod
call me for what i had written an asking out to him you know complaining about all the
pyrons and so forth yeah at a form letter response and that could be off further uh-huh
so when you had uh... tom jick on when he's on when you're on vacation yeah he mentioned that mr
mouse up in Atlanta was the head big wake as far as i know your mr mouse the mouse mr mouse
back i thought that was i'm telling us the notes and his brother mr rat is down here in my
army that's about what i said i think you know what's going on with this lousy station so i guess by way
of network they sent it back to my company and said answer this lady so he called me up and said
they are now into high tech radio what high tech radio did he really see that high tech what is that
it's other than the helicopter i think you misunderstood him i think he said high-dreck
he said high tech radio you want it you want to know what high tech radio is listen
you hear it can you hear it yeah what is it that's it that's high tech
at down yeah okay that's where the boat's gonna be those are their numbers yeah
uh next time there it goes here it comes look out
in fact it's hovering over channel seven right now right next door
i think a lot longer than i thought it would wait a minute rick weaver is changing his underwear in the
blimp first time this year
there comes Joe okay there they go that's high tech a tie tech yep thank you i appreciate that
okay have a good day you have my best of mic oh yeah okay see you later high tech radio boy that's
exciting that means you're well you know what that really means it just dawned on me see high tech i
guess has to do with equipment and that's why they're putting all those board ops on the air
because they're familiar with all that new modern equipment that they brought in so that's high
tech radio you bring in all your board ops and you put them on the air okay we have a couple of
open lines one on each county in day six two four nine four hundred and in brownered five two
four nine four hundred i promise you that tomorrow we'll go back to whatever we've been doing for the
last several months but you know some of us never learn and of course when i left here yesterday
i was somewhat psychotic a little bit psychotic because i got a good talking to yesterday and i was
told no uncertain terms that you know some of these things they just have got a change and of course
if we go up into an eleven in the next book then for sure we'll have to change because we like to
mess with success at w i n z now you see it's like the old saying about if it's not broken don't fix it
we like to do the opposite okay let's go to a hollywood hello uncle nia yes sir congratulations
heartiest congratulations thank you i've the only reason i call words to say they have a one other
thing across the mind ball i just need a lady before me can't believe i'm hearing this voice Steve
don't you don't have to say what it is uh just let me say the only other thing is that that uh
i i i i try i talked to Tom drick of the day the date he's referring to him is mr. standley mouse
standley is his first name i also wrote in coldium and internally about what's going over there at IOD
standley mouse standley mouse is what i got in fact when i talked to the effort it says you put me
on right he says no sir wait a minute didn't we used to have rgm used to be called standley j mouse
well i don't know i don't know but the same guy but this is the guy that's not a corporate headquarters
until they cut his tail off
i don't know about that but i spoke to him and i said him a note
you know like i really don't care about that station but you know you know
why i was concerned and that was part of a call for you today
and i don't know how this will sound but i'm going to say it anyhow if you wish to
believe me you make it your finger ready
well wait a minute what are you going to say Steve?
is there any chance of getting Bill Calder back on your on your station?
nobody would like that better than i would i think he would be so great from
eight to midnight on this station but unfortunately they're just in love with
talk net here they just love that swill on talk net and it you know what can i
tell you?
well what what what what a host of letters postcards Caluipidian don't you
express i mean with what what any kind of communication help change that
well couldn't hurt let's put it that way i don't want to offer you a lot of
hope and i've talked you know to bill about that but it's just they're very hard
headed around here i'm telling you
i don't think i'll take up a lot of time but again heart-spoken
congratulations they'll keep knocking them down thanks a lot Steve
bye bye yeah they have that burger king mentality they want to do it their
way you know which generally when you're dealing with management in this
business their way is the wrong way and don't you know don't bother with us
those of us one year because we're morons we don't know anything we're just you
know those on a year people man we're just a bunch of p-ons so they go ahead and
they p-on us all the time you know that's the bottom line we're just p-ons
and i'm only sitting here with a nine share in the midday
there's no such thing there is no such number okay no such number in daytime
radio in a market with thirty seven signals it doesn't exist
but i will say this Gary did come in here and he went like that and then he ran
out of the building because he knows that we're going to be renegotiating my
contract or i'm not showing up tomorrow okay where we going south Miami
hello hello how you doing fine thank you mr. Rogers just got off work a couple
hours ago we're listening to you at the station and i work for the federal government
when the agencies mentioned in that article in New York Times yeah and been in
Miami now about seven years and i'd say that the people here in Miami are some
of the most uncooperative people well you can say that again i can i can vouch
for that on this show i'll tell you i mean it's unbelievable and the stigma that
my wife or myself you get in this community being employed by an agency
it's unbelievable they think that we're some kind of outcast and you know it's
in eighteen years and sometimes you just want to give up and maybe the best thing to do
is let all these people run a muck run a muck run a muck all the i mean we try to do
what we can but all we get is bad publicity and in no cooperation whatsoever i
think i may have a good idea maybe what we ought to do is take all of the rift
wrath all of the drug people all of the undesirables and what we do is we'll build
you know they're very big on walls here lately you know the big wall in for
Lauderdale and the wall in Helen Delao I had to do is build a big wall around
the city of Miami like the Berlin wall and jam all of these people in there and
you know we'll let all the nice people out who want to get out first and we'll just jam
a wall in there we'll leave them in there and we'll just ignore it and we'll let the
politicians you know try to control them and you know they'll deserve each other
and you know they make it harder and harder now because one of the little tricks a lot of them
have is a lot of these people is that they don't speak English and they understand
and they do speak English well when it's convenient for them they speak it
that you know always the innocent the stupidity type act they put on yeah
and now with all these new policies from the I.N.S. you don't know who it is who
you don't know whether this person is a legal alien illegal alien and it's one of
these things that the policy is just unbelievable just let everybody in and we'll
take worry about it later so you know it's just a shame that in Texas it was
completely different thing the people in here in Miami they just want to be
left alone they don't care what's going on next door yeah now they're oblivious
and don't forget most of them came here to escape and to get away and they're just
they have that kind of mindset and nothing you can do is going to change it and we
just have far too many of these retirees here there's nothing wrong with being
retired there's nothing wrong with being old but we just got this really warped
population here and it's just not working out yeah I'm one of these I guess I grew
up wrong or you know someone tries to sell you a new color television for $50
yeah you know that it's stolen so if there's no buyers there'll be no sellers
and and people you know that on the up and up we'll go ahead and brag about buying
a TV for $50 yeah like like Sergio you know he wants to be a great rule model for
our youth in the date county yeah and they want to raise taxes now well yeah
because we got to you know subsidize all of those suits that he's buying and I
don't see how people can continue living here because it just gets outrageous
and property value going down but he says they're going up I don't understand
well sir good luck we'll need it thanks for calling thank you sir
ten minutes till noon at w.i.n.c we have two open lines in date now where people
are expiring like flies did you hear the story on the news this morning by the
way about the new state gun law where they repeal the previous law and what they
didn't our legislature in their infinite wisdom what they didn't realize when they
repeal the previous law what they did in effect was make it legal for people
in Florida now to walk around carrying guns as long as they're not completely
concealed based on the new law now you can walk around anywhere and carry a gun
even if you don't have a permit as long as it's not concealed you can walk around
with a gun so stand must really be excited about that because he you know he's a
great advocate of bringing a wild west back and having everybody carry a gun on
their holster so that when you go trolling around in the broward mall and somebody
gives you a dirty look you can get even real quick we have another break to do
don't we I think nine minutes till noon at w.i.n.c I can't believe we have
night for midnight for so many years and I made the point that you know my goal
was to expand not to take away anybody else's audience maybe a little bit here
although it is interesting that all those people are on at this time period are
gone all of them are gone in ten months they're either off the
air or there in another time period it's really bizarre but anyway my point
was to expand the talk market during this period of time because we got this
incredible signal which is going to be even better the day that we get to go
non-directional in the daytime even in Tampa even Lassiter can hear it every day
and steal my material fresh every day instead of getting its second hand
and it's kind of interesting if you add up the numbers from our station and IOD
and W.S. and midday now in this latest rating book it's 16% of the audience
whereas before when there was only sandy and l basically on in midday between
them they did about six seven percent put together six to seven percent so we
have more than doubled the talk list newship during this day part
does that mean anything no I'm sorry okay excuse me my amy hello
hello yes I just wanted to say to keep up the good work I have you people on I
don't even gain my doubt twenty four hours a day and the only I'm doing is getting
bags out of the eyes yeah well they're a lot of bags in this town sir
right I understand perfectly but you're doing a wonderful job and I only hope to
keep up the good work okay thank you Davey hello hi Neil hi I have a couple
of questions about the rating system and how it works maybe you can clear me up on it
what is the latest time of day that the ratings actually go towards I mean they
don't go into the midnight hour oh sure they're 24 hours a day
other 24 hours a day and they are listed hour by hour which we don't have the whole
book yet they won't be out for a couple of days but they are listed hour by hour
true the midnight hour till one in the morning because I'm just curious I mean I'm
not a big fan of you know talk net are just picking up a pot and receiving it now
I enjoyed it much better before when you actually had someone there in the evening
right when Bill Carter was here I agree with you I was wondering if they could
if there's a difference in the books between I mean if the rating is just a
five okay that's one thing but I'm just wondering if it's justifiable or not
as far as money is concerned well I see that's a big problem and even when I was
on from eight to midnight and I had great numbers at night for years but always
the story was well we can't sell nighttime and the problem is that advertisers in
this market and agencies especially do not want to buy after seven p.m.
which is unfortunate because you know I used to have a very large audience at
night and the bill had a big audience at night in fact his midnight hour he had
like an 11 share in his last book on this station but you know it's very
difficult to retrain old dogs to do new tricks yeah I have another quick question
about the rating system to now you have a nine is your rating correct right
for this last book right now what percentage of that rating can you contribute
to yourself how much would actually go towards the cackel and how much would
Kyle take out of that nine percent okay I think probably the cackel has about eight
percent you're kidding me I hope so yeah because I you know I mean a show isn't
just one person it's the whole concept and your whole show during that time period
no question about it that's it keep up the good work thanks a lot
yeah the writers all those people to write our material we don't have any
but see that's the one thing that astonishes me is they give us nothing I was
talking to Stan last night we're having one of those on the phone bitching
sessions that people in this business love to have and I was saying you know what
are they give us nothing I mentioned that I said it took me Stan was very
fortunate in days I don't know what it is with major but you notice how the
first day before even went on the air Rick Edwards was in here with the boom
Mike and they brought that stupid old Mike and they messed up my show and you
know they were running around with all this equipment took me months to get the
first cart rack in here for all of these crazy things that we play on the air
majors here for like a couple of weeks in bingo look at this we got a second
cart rack for all of his stuff for I want to be Don Johnson and all I can Madonna
this man has got a sense of humor you know I just realized he deserves to be on
between six and seven you know that he deserves that every night just slowly
but surely each evening his credibility is just you remember that thing that the
Max was carrying around before that had Zeta on it that was pretending to be a
sink but looked like some other something else you'd find I'm telling you just
kind of like the tidie bull man just swimming away exactly and between six and
seven I think for one of those tears I'm not sure but I'm not supposed to talk
about that okay all of a sudden I have this sick literally the sick feeling in the
pythomis stomach I am sick to my stomach I'm nauseous wait a minute the
island queen said that Rick and suds said that Saturday the vulture and Lee had
lunch Lee who fouler Lee fouler had lunch with the vulture you have got to be pulling
my beak are you serious Lee fouler had lunch with the vulture on Saturday now
what could that be all about I have noticed that he's been acting pretty
bizarre this week so that we better check that out we ought to start our own
rumor line and find out what that's all about probably something they arranged at the
softball game though that right wonder how much he's getting paid off the
vulture super spy okay Mike Wolf is here with the headlines world news from CBS
at noon and we'll come back with more award-winning birds at 1206 so a little
bit better right right so just send us your name and address you don't even have to
put in the stamped envelope and we'll use our own we'll use those old 95
I and Z envelopes that they refuse do you know this is an interesting story okay
this company has no gripes coming when we do this kind of thing it's not like we
have a shortage of envelopes we have seven million four hundred thousand and
six envelopes that say 95 I and Z and I imagine a couple of letter heads along
with them to right and they won't let us use them because the embarrassment
factor is too great well there is no more 95 I and Z it's now of course Zeta
94.9236 and if you can remember all those numbers see that's the problem they
have a few listeners but they can't remember all of those numbers so they can
write it down in the appropriate book I love those stations that every rating
period you know write it down right that's that is so crass and so disgusting do you
buddy out there writes it down because somebody on the earth says write it down
of course not and it sounds like hell it is so it comes across so bad but of course
if you are listening to W I and Z 940 on your AM dial write it down but anyway the
address postcards letters will be delighted to send you all you want boom in the
box here of Neil Rogers W I N Z Miami 330 now I do want to remind you that Pat
and Debbie Boone are coming to town of the sunrise musical theater next month
to do sound music those wonderful religious Bible-toting God fearing
and wax are coming here next month and of course we have sent out literally
thousands of copies of the boom in the box picture from the would you try to
control yourself from the January 1984 issue of Hustler magazine and if you
would like your very own copy because listen when you got a nine share now especially
we don't give a damn we'll pay the postage you don't even have to send the stamp
self-addressed envelope just send us your name and address on a card in a
letter to Boone in the box and will send you believe me it'll be worth the
effort I will not disappoint you on this one send it to Boone in the box
care of Neil Rogers W I N Z Miami and the zip code is 33055 because we want to
make sure that every man woman in child every living man woman in child
indeed which leaves a lot of people out and leaves the brain dead out we want to make
sure you all have your copy by the time Pat and Debbie come into town what are
you trying to say what do you why are you over there it's not open and when
Carla's ready he'll open it well you need to deny the rumor but in the meantime
think up something good because everybody believes it now that you and Lee Fowler
had launched on Saturday probably being paid off to be a spy who a spy who
said wait a minute doesn't that sound of the vulture sound like a spy to you it
does to me who's kind of hovering over all the dead bodies it wins I was sitting
at home Saturday afternoon mining my own business yeah bothering nobody and
how many witnesses you have to confirm this nobody I was by myself see he has
unsubstantiated testimony bring Arthur Arthur Lyman is going to come in he has a few
questions he'd like to ask you Mr. Hill who said I had lunch with him that's
what I want to know who is spreading this militant spots well there you go consider
the source what do you mean Rick and Spud that's the message it called me is
they my right that's the message we have that Rick and Spud they said this on the
year on the air tell them not to call the station ever again they didn't call
somebody who heard it called it all is that right you heard them saying that on the
air oh boy they're wrong they're absolutely wrong and I deny it in
fact it was from that same station I think we have a tape of the call it's a lie I
am not a Nazi yeah that should give you an idea of who it was exactly what they're
wrong and I vehemiles see he's not no you're not vehemently denying it because I know you
too well now and it's kind of a lukewarm denial so that beyond the shadow of a
doubt indicates it's true a I would not break bread with that man first off he
hurts my ears when he talks yeah and I think he's going deaf is why he talks a lot
and I think we should take up a collection to buy leaf out there a miracle ear I
really do I think it would be a good thing for a miracle rear
well leaf I don't know if I can muster a post is absolutely untrue you post
a scream it what do you think what do you think now I want to tell you
something that's going to really get you depressed what what our management I
mean upper level management told me this morning oh god that he thinks that Jeff
Charles is real competition and I tried for 15 minutes in the middle of the rest of
what I was trying to tell him to tell him that this man is so bad that it's
embarrassing in addition to which he cannot buy a call every time I turn him on
if stand goes into one of those rare commercial breaks I punch over to
seven ninety he can't buy a call and he keeps pumping those numbers and pumping
the numbers come on you want to talk to us call those numbers they don't want to
talk to him see Ron sax had an annoying voice Ron sounded kind of like the
culture okay but at least he had some semblance he had an IQ of over one not very much
over but an IQ of over one but this guy has nothing there is nothing there
there is no substance well there may be a substance but it's one of those that
we can't mention on the air yeah you know I I have speaking of the dog kicking up
its hind legs in the lawn we mentioned that earlier in the show so you have to
kind of keep in mind all of the different things that we touch on during the show
and then sooner or later they come back and fit in perfectly I've always said that
yeah if you listen to the show in total in total you also notice that I was told
the same mong brain that gave me my lecture yesterday
miss mr. mess with success also told us in no uncertain terms he didn't want you on
the show quite today no no no quite some time ago yeah yeah and that you were
going to destroy this program remember how upset they used to get yeah and now
we're in a course unfortunately you have been on the show for quite some time
and now we're up to a nine we did a seven last time which was a miracle now
we've got a nine even the pope couldn't get a nine okay I'm serious in
Bogota Colombia and as you said eight percent of that is the cackle
what does that tell you about this market what does that say
and you what you did your usual thing they hated it when I came on the show
they used to get so upset and you kept having me on the show you did your
usual thing you did exactly the opposite of what they wanted you to do and
it's worked out as usual it is worked out just absolutely beautiful now
you're looking for something you can't find anything and that stands rack you
can't find anything in that rack here it is okay
he's got that in your rack
yeah
adios
yeah
yeah
this is an upper level programming meeting at wyanc
that you're listening in up
I don't know who I wonder who they said that to
you're looking for our studios it's that building out in carol city in the
middle of nowhere where the big sign reads mess with success
exactly why don't they just leave me alone why don't they just leave me alone
I thought they were they were for a long time they just let them I came back
from vacation and I attacked our program director for putting those boring
hearings on that's what that's what I'll see now he's this is a backline he's
responding he's flexing his muscle you're right he still upset about you yeah
he's flexing his muscle yeah absolutely right yeah oh well and I will not call
that news person psychotic anymore embarrassing yes but not psychotic I will not
use that word well thank god I'm not retracting it but I just won't use it anymore
well good embarrassing humiliating degrading and debasing yes psychotic I'm just not
going to say it I know fool anything else so what did you have for lunch with
Lee I did not go to lunch where did he I would not with him shorties no I met one of those
joints over on 441 that Lee likes with the donuts I met him for the first time
at the softball game first time I've ever met and I was set up lunch no of course it all fits in doesn't it no I did not have
jury is deliberating right now someone's hallucinating in this market who uses that
term all the time to cover up his tracks who who only one that I know of Lee foul
yeah hallucinating like me and jica we were hallucinating when jeep when Jefferson
pilot was going to buy W snooze we were hallucinating right and when Bev Smith
was going to Orlando I was hallucinating I didn't have a lot of that new lineup was coming in I was
hallucinating well besides all that and when Bill McQuig was going to be on midday on IOD we were
hallucinating yeah the redneck boat up with those heavy top we're going to discuss brain
surgery today I forgot to check the radio highlights today to see who he has on today I don't
know brain surgeon guy who operated on Bill Casey right and Bunky buyer yeah and he mixed
the brains up you remember like in Frankenstein he's at the brains confused no wonder we
went into that whole around thing it's all Bunky buyers fault poor Bill Casey man and never
get a chance to redeem himself boy oh boy what would happen to you if they opened up your
head but Bunky buyers brain inside man you'd be off the deep end too you'd be selling
weapons to the Soviets good point am I right good point
don't you think please going deaf well you know I'm pretty well I don't know the man at all I
told you if you came in here you would dig a hole for yourself so deep that even a
fault you would never be able to fly out of it I didn't have lunch with anybody Saturday
and that's the truth always at the wrong day or Sunday I'd mind it my own business we had
a wonderful weekend it was gloomy and rainy and dark and cool we I what is that like patch
rotor if we are president we're going to talk about this arms control thing what is it with
her she is such a airhead such a moron it's right and all those diesel bikes man are running
around yeah yeah yeah beat those men over the head man beat them up did you see that
thing yes you see it man it's disgusting yeah obnoxious I like their old leader better
here's somebody in North Miami who is very upset that you're on hello yes let him have it
uh mr. Rogers yes ma'am I just got home a little while ago and I turned in when you
were talking about Miami turning into a cesspool yes ma'am you're absolutely right it's gotten
so you're afraid to even go out during the daytime let alone at night right and I live
alone in an apartment and I'll tell you I have window cards I have a chain on my door
a deadbolt and a regular lock now is this any way to live no I swear to God I get panic
attacks just from everything that you hear that's going on and with this new gun
alarm we're going to be like the okay Karel they'll just have a shootout I'm
flagler or something that's all I wanted to say and the other thing is that I like the
way you say it the way it is thank you okay we may have something to help that lady
it's late at night you're fast asleep and a shadowy figure is about to break into your home
but you're protected
yes it's the James Brown home security alarm
the heart is working alarm in the safety business
design by the Godfather of home protection himself
the James Brown alarm protects you from burglar's handles peeping talk
and if you act now we'll include it no extra cost the patented James Brown hot pants
but the soul patrol on your keyhole with a James Brown home security system
you'll say okay now we have a quiesa art that we're going to be attaching to the FM transmitter
well they make some pretty interesting noises now I'm not I'm not going to write because I've
already been told don't over with and don't rag on them because there are a lot of
reemotional people up there and that we like a lot of the people up there right
like lead Gillette yeah and Peter Bolger and Jeff Gonzer is there anybody I left out
Scott Lezier I don't know him I like him he's a row he does six at night good to you on
yeah who else do we like no I don't I don't care I mean it's up to you you're a
Kyle running the show well I think you're off again yeah yeah if it was up to him you'd never be on
well just maybe he likes you to be on only when you're on the defensive now you can put him
back on he's on the defensive it's true I am you're in big brother yes I know that they
want to be with the enemy boy that's a that's a fate worse than death we're going to probably have
hearings that will be carrying in fact I get another couple of weeks vacation I was
we're going to be hearing the W I N Z Contra hearings contra gate Valor gates news
gate so we're going to shorties we didn't I didn't I wouldn't you wouldn't no and you
didn't well he talks too well I could tell you hurts my ears when I talk to the
man you you and Lori Sheffield really make a great team over there I'll tell you
it'll be great you'll have a good time I'm not going over the one you're leaving I
don't like it over I'm not they don't want me over there Jeff Charles is over there I
can't go oh boy yeah well you could get some body by solo flex information the
collars are here comes another message now apple par man because they've been
waiting a long time and because you're sitting here making a mockery of this show well
you've got the highest rated show now if they would bring me in the rest of the
numbers I'll go out and I'll you would go out like the 25 to 54 is because obviously
that's where you know we are bread and butter resent that'll get me out of the way
here look at this log you can you know we're on a big diet that'll get me out of the
way here I'll get the numbers and I'd also like the date parts all right okay
would that be a reasonable request I'd like to be able to give the audience some
information here I'll be happy to do what to whom and when I'll be happy to go
out and bother our man and I would also like to be able to see if there's any other
show I kind of doubted because there's a certain morning banana mouth who was
talking the other day I didn't hear it but I understand I already has more
listeners than I have that's right now I kind of wonder now what did Y100 do I don't
want to make it down they were down they were down Fox's name on the air but I have a
feeling that he didn't do no nine in the morning okay because overall they did
a four five right they were down from a four nine I do think sunny did a nine in
the morning I want to compare his numbers with Bill Tanner's yeah Tanner I'm sure
must have beat him this time you think so because they were up way up they went
over five four the closest station to us I think in the morning yeah powerless
90 I think you're right I think they're number three
soggers and Tanner you laughing about the big guns in the markets
you hear what we can say it or do you hear what you tell it that's the kind of
stuff that we strive for we spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to try and
make that happen and of course you're not that's that's the way it goes in the big
city right I'm gonna go find a please I'm gonna go stand around the water cooler
yeah round of water cooler you see who's sure they're talking about today that's
right okay we'll do something useful and go give me the rest of the numbers
because I was lucky they brought these in because they're not too happy with me
these days I'm doing too well didn't I say that a few weeks ago on the air when
you start doing too well you become a little independent and then they can't
boss you around and manipulate you and bring you in and brow beach you and so on
okay 23 minutes past noon at W Y and Z I promise when we come back we might take
some calls 25 past noon at W Y and Z we do have an open line in the day at 624
9400 let's go to Fort Lauderdale hello how you doing how you doing listen I just
like to say I enjoy you show a lot I haven't gone back at that moment about a couple
of months great but listen I got something you might be interested in searching through my
record collection of the day and I found a sound effects record and on it it has
authentic vulture sounds I can't wait
they try to get these on a cassette they have the first one is a one authentic
vulture they never family of vultures and after that they have tweeting birds
all fantastic boy that's perfect for us the tweeting birds
tweeting birds they sound real good so you might have some things to play with there
listen so to speak so to speak one other thing to before I go I just want to say
what's the matter with Kyle today he sounds like he needs a double height colonic
well he's a little irritated today I think so I think we should get you get him
something some appropriation nature so I wasn't irritated until you just said
that but now he's a little irritated alright get some through the mouth
alright well you got to understand first of all the corporate chief engineers
in the building which gets him nervous to begin with and we've had many misfits
on the phone that I notice he's becoming apoplectic about so you have no
concept of what he goes through up there you just you can't even begin to
imagine he keeps gluing it in when he leaves every day
okay now get those on get set here I should get him down here in a couple days
thanks a lot appreciate it okay okay what Kyle's typing another message
in response to the last caller it says the misfits on the phones it's the summer
and all the intelligent or semi intelligent people are gone
what does that say about us okay 27 well if we were intelligent we wouldn't be
here in the first place 27 pass noon at w i n z right it down as they say on the
fm on restroom walls and on your shaman from coast to coast okay we have a couple
of open lines I don't you know I don't know what the problem is it is lunchtime
in date county 6 to 4 9400 and embrowered 524 9400 fort Lauderdale hello
hello yes sir how are you good how you doing I'm not too bad I just want to call you
and tell you that during the Iran country hearings I was listening to your show
now actually to the to the hearings and then afterwards I got kind of hooked on listen to
a m talk radio great and it's been years since I've listened to a m but I think there's been
an advancement in the quality of the sound because my radio picks it up really
well and now I'm I'm converted I listen to a m all the time fantastic and I just want
to tell you that you're doing a super job and I listen to a stand in the afternoon
and he was talking yesterday about you keeping him from getting dates and what seems
to me like he does a good job by himself wait a minute this is interesting because
Stan is one of those who likes to trans he likes to place blame on others for his own
failings for example how many times have you heard him say that I glenn or
Neil gave him some stiff subject that didn't work out and that's why he wasn't
doing any response you heard him yeah yeah exactly exactly and now he's blaming
me for him not getting dates yeah he said that he was out with a young lady or maybe
not a young lady I he was out with a lady about eleven and he said that her parents
told her that she could not go out with him anymore because they knew you and any
friend of Neil Rogers he could not go out with okay now isn't it interesting I
can take a little bit of the truth and you can just you know mess it all up he never
he never went out with this young lady this young lady isn't any more interested
in him then she is in the frogs that croak in his pond okay but but Stan and I've
known him for a long time and he's a great guy but he has this ability to create
these fantasy for example if some attract if you were walking into mall and for
whatever reason uh... you went into a shop and a young lady in the shop said hi
how you doing or something and then you walked out of there and you thought boy she's
in love with me and I'm gonna leave her my phone number you know based on nothing you see
what I'm saying and Stan has this amazing facility to do that to take nothing
and in his own mind to transpose it into this incredible romantic interlude
that with nothing is going on
i'm saying i'm not exaggerating it's true so i guess it makes for a fantastic
vicarious romance life but that's about it
well he's misleading is listeners that
i would hear all of the right there waiting
with baited breath to hear about this guy's love life and he starts talking about
how he's got this guy right where he wants her and then you go and screw up his
love life yeah okay well i'm responsible for all the other bad things that
happens well i'll take the fall for it
it's good talking to you and i really like you show thanks for calling
bye bye
another message on the screen a woman said that ray charles is asking for calls
from people who want mason freed and i guess he's trying to be a natural quinella
with foulers the one who did about seventeen shows on a guy in california and i can
never think of that guy's name you know his name the one that cut the girl
no he cut up
rape that fourteen year old girl and cut her arms off
and uh... finally got parole from jail and everybody because nobody wants him in
the neighborhood and the founder to about seven shows defending the guy and
the talking about how mean the public was because you know nobody wanted to give
this guy break
and now evidently a ray charles is desperate enough i mean you talk about trying
to be outrageous talk about being desperate
and it's so obvious you know to come on here and say something so outrageous
that you're going to get everybody crazy and the most embarrassing part about
that is to still not get a call
it's it's it would be like coming on here and saying i think all little children
ought to be put in in uh...
garbage disposal
and you look at the phone and nothing is happening and i'm sure a lot of you have
seen that bit on tv you know where the guy is doing the talk show and he just
everything and then the phone finally rings and it's a wrong number
so if you want to talk to ray charles about charlie mason the number in date is three
seven nine eight two five five and in brown three eight nine eight two five five
come on light up his phone to give him some action
because we understand through upper level management that the guy is a
legitimate competitor
for what i'm not sure but legitimate competitor
let's go to a coconut grove hello
graduations and numbers now thank you
i incidentally have you heard the latest
the story
is there a new one
it i heard the one about uh... the plane with a hundred and forty four people
on board that landed in both wheels blew out is that the one
there was another one that there was an Atlanta
this happening to land also
the plane was getting the urge to take off
and uh...
there was a bag of time with that locked in the bag of
the plan
lady kept her in something under her feet
and
and
and
and
and
and every day you see one of that same dumb looking spokesman for delta
and he says we have no explanation it's human error and there's you know
i'm telling you they might know what those people are on but they must be doing
some wild stuff at delta
uh... i don't know about the battle about his
and i
and i just
i just
i've never had any major problem with eastern i know that a lot of people have but i
mean i guess i've been lucky
but my one experience with delta was so bad that i wouldn't fly i would walk
before i would fly them again
i've never flown them and i don't think that this one ever will
no this would not be a good time to start i guess
okay
i'll see in a baggage compartment
okay
and you know the crazy part about these theories is that they're true
you know somebody wrote a satire about an airline
and uh... you know pilots were taking off with doors unlocked and they were landing at the wrong
airport in the wrong city or on the wrong work runway
uh... you know it would be funny
but it ain't so funny when it's true as uh...
William Conrad would say for fp and l
okay we have an open line in date six two four ninety four hundred
and in brow there's one line at five two four ninety four hundred if you'd like to talk about whether or not
Charles Manson should be freed from prison
let's go to fort lauderdale hello
hi hi congratulations thank you
we'd be very happy in fort lauderdale all the time
sitting around with you
but i just want to congratulate myself for having a good taste for listening to you for at least eight years
well you see you're not the only one
no absolutely i'm not the only one
which vindicates you
what?
which vindicates you
oh all right
i heard you got the picture of the polpia today that i sent you
yeah
did you like that?
it was great the one with the bird and the dropings
aching poplops
it was excellent
in fact you know what those almost looked like
those look like those burger bundles that they got at burger king now
they didn't have any cheese on them but they looked like those little burger bundles
i could do a whole show on burger king and the burger bundles
you know it's just amazing to me have you seen the size of those things?
uh... no i've only seen them on television
oh man i mean they are so tiny that they're almost microscopic
i don't understand why they're doing that
i'm not saying this is only a one
no this is their answer to royal castle and crystal and white castle and all
the people like those little you remember those little the good ones
yeah
and this is their answer to them and i'm telling you they are so bad that it's
unbelievable
i have a new stand for us
because we are we're going to make some money on the pope
they're selling bags of dirt
a couple down the street that want to build a new swimming pool and they have
given me carp launch to their backyard dig up all the dirt i want
and so i figured we could go down there and sell bags of dirt
when the pope comes and some dirt bags too that i like to get rid of
around here and all and makes money on it
that appeal to?
sound sensational
the polls don't work
and uh...
well we think about it
and a note esponial
ok when is this
and gradually
when is that this?
and when is that is
ok a mobile man wanted to hear
fowler
fowlers versus ours
what the numbers we don't have the hour by hour they don't come in until
what about probably Friday?
Friday
so if you want hour by hour numbers you'll have to wait till the entire
rating book comes in
but from ten a.m. to three p.m. which is kind of a spillover
w.s. news was in last place
of the three news and talk
stations as they say
i had a nine here midday nine point oh a nice and even number
w.i.o.d. had a three point six and w.n.w.s. had a three point three
a distant last
pulling up the rear
let's go to cutler Ridge hello
hello
hi how you doing?
fine i'm the first time caller here
and i've been listening to you about a month
and didn't before you went on vacation
why aren't you for the cubans?
what do you mean for the cubans?
what does that mean?
everybody just vote to make it
speak Spanish
what?
in cutler Ridge where i live
no no wait a minute wait a minute everybody vote to make a speak Spanish
what are you talking about?
well you were firm
no i'm not for everybody speaking Spanish
i'm for english and i always have been
and i noticed by the way i'm glad you mentioned that because i forgot
on the news earlier that the metro commission and their infinite stupidity
is going to put this thing on the ballot again so we can be sure that we're going to have another big divisive thing all over again
isn't that great?
because they're too spineless to tell George Valdez
to stick it where the moon don't shine we're going to have to go through another big divisive campaign
and another big divisive election
well i've been in my amy 25 years
and i think it's a great city
you know as compared as compared to what old just
no compared to new york
no no it's not a great city compared to new york
i mean you're entitled to that opinion
based on what?
more down here you find out more down here than you do in new york
oh yeah from all the great newspapers here you have so much information here
it's such an intellectual uh... you know bastion here i mean what are you talking about you find out more what does that mean?
they let everything out down here they tell you what's going on down here
like what?
like everything about the drugs
oh yeah right everybody knows all about where the drug sure everything is great
but it's great down here
yeah it's better down here than up north
mm-hmm
the weather is better here than up north
don't let me say it again the weather is better here than up north
period
no period
it's great living down here
right because because the weather is better
it shouldn't be down here
mm-hmm
click here she goes cutler ridge
i tell you there are a lot of real neanderthals down here in that cutler ridge perinery a boil
and there's some nice people you know five or six
but that's another one of those vast redneck wastelands of date county
21 till one at wionz we have two open lines are both indeed
6249400
6249400 and we be going to north Miami next hello
you should make that last call or listen to Ray Charles three weeks straight
yeah we should tie her into a chair with a radio on as loud as it'll go
I mean there is so much humor in that Ray Charles I mean you could cut out this or just his laugh
forget about the voltage his laugh is unbelievable
I'm glad you mention that because the vulture gets a lot of heat from the audience for his cackel
and I the first time I heard Ray Charles and I heard that
that hyena laugh
well well well it's incredible that laugh I couldn't believe it
I mean he did he came on today with with a subject that just so talk about
contrived I mean that subject today I think mansions should be let free
yeah well you see this is the guy's idea of being outrageous is to come on a
year and to desperately start lashing out and everything and anything with you
know these obvious attempts to get the audience hysterical and just not going to work
because like you see you see through it in five seconds
I mean who's responsible for this guy?
Lee Fowler
another winner from the Lee
yeah well Lee is got one thing about Lee's track record man he may not be good
but he's consistent
now guy like this I brought him down from Minnesota right
but did I have to get or do you think they gave this guy a contract or they obligated
to this guy?
I have no idea I don't know
I one thing that I've always I really was down on on the vulture
till the other day when I heard him do Lee Fowler screaming
his best act for sure and I thought of a conversation between you doing
great worthings and him doing Fowler
but monitoring him for something or other and I would be think that a big star
okay we'll work on that
okay you thanks a lot
okay yes so what do you think Charles Manson should we let him in or keep him
keep him out
and what about Jerry Koch or and what about Stacon shake I hear they're all closing up
you see I really have no idea what this business is all about in fact that was my first question
to our general manager this morning is what the hell is this all about you know
when you tell me what is it all about
and after an hour I realized that he didn't know any more than I do
19 before one and wins let's go to Miami Lakes hello
hello yes sir is there any good or any good fallout from all of this drug trade in Miami
is there any good from us yes not not that I know of other you know if you're talking about individual good
people getting wealthy and buying cars and you know buying big houses and having a lot of money
maybe individually there's good but certainly for the community there's not
well there is one what is that you've developed the finest trauma unit at the medical center
in the United States thanks to all of the knife and gun society's going on isn't that great
yeah good thing sir what a genius you what 25 to 54
and he's very slowly zeroxing the day parts by the way did you hear the guy
said that the Rachel's laugh vindicates you almost in other words the
cacola is now almost commonplace because Rachel's laugh is so embarrassing
now wait a minute what is this oh this is the weekend
oh boy I panicked wait a minute what are you giving me here now what are you giving me
25 to 54 okay 6 to 10 am 6 am to midnight why don't you give me like a 10 am to 3 pm
wouldn't that be nice 25 to 54 and the day parts 12 plus oh man I'm going to tell you
something this man on a scale of zero like I said laugh or no laugh he could just
put you into a coma okay I mean he has brought me stuff here that is so useless
as to make you want to just do handstands in the middle of the atrium
isn't that something overall 25 to 54 huh huh boy W snooze is really got that
young audience don't they I mean like almost invisible but that's on a weekend
but he's got me even the pages oh this is also the weekend weekend weekend
we don't care about the weekend you need andrth all all of these pages are the weekend
oh man give us a break Helen Dale hello hello Neil hi I got a comment about that
Delta deal yeah yeah I'm about a couple months ago when I got out of school for the summer
I got a job working Mary I didn't fly it up in Lauderdale and you would not believe
the stuff that goes on to the Delta planes and how unsafe they are I mean one day
I opened the door to load the plane and the the emergency shoots shot out
just the food is disgusting the unsanitary I mean Delta used to be the best airline
around and you know what's happened to them you know what it ought to say you
you see I know you're seeing those ads where it says Delta is ready where you
when you are yeah and after the word ready somebody ought to take like a
little mark in there and above it write the words to crash when you are
no but like just like I'll give you a word of advice like if when you fly on any of these
airlines like your coffee pots and stuff like that yeah when the guys go out if they're
sure they just take the coffee pot that's come in from the wherever the plane just
landed from and they'll just wash it in the dirty water in the dirty garbage that's
come off the plane and just wipe it and put it right back on the airplane I mean if
you're going to order a drink anything with a lemon or lime or ice the guys they have
dirty hands and grease all over from being on a truck they just go ahead and make it
up your meals are pretty safe especially if you order the what do you call it
special meals like kosher meal vegetarian meals yeah you know but other than that
yeah yeah I'm very selective about what I eat on a plane in fact when I was on
vacation I was on two breakfast flights and they bring you and I'm not an egg
eater to begin with but they bring you these eggs that look like like this
called out of a bad egg exactly like death warmed over right and I eat generally
like things out of little packages like sometimes there's I'm trying like
little cakes or something in packages right when when they're sealed they may be
still but least you feel they're fairly safe they haven't been read on and
stuff exactly exactly there anything that's sealed on there is all right it's
that the prepared meals are pretty good because the girls prepare them in the
kitchen and you know they're fairly clean you know what I don't understand why does
it have to be so hard I mean we're talking about what a couple hundred people on a
jet maybe three hundred on the biggest why is it so hard to prepare meals even
if they took regular TV dinners they would be better than most of what they feed
you oh yeah exactly the food is really awful I mean the one of their company
benefits their wages were so low that's why I quit the wages were so low what they
do they they're benefit they feed you big deal who wants to eat airline food all
day yeah you can say that again well that's one of the ways they get even with
you yeah really I just want to call it you know about that okay thanks a lot
thank you okay it's 14 to one at W I N Z will not do that so I think W I O D used
to do they yeah yeah yeah they did it of course now lately since they changed no
lately they would not be too crazy about doing it well listen to four four and a
half shares in a shabby they don't have they don't have a four they've got a three
six and was that also when they had last the people on there in other words as far as
Mike and that was that was when everybody was there which is what makes it so
ironic is that they went up with the people that they had there with Sandy and
Mike and Bill and now all of those people are gone they haven't improved I think the
people the on air people have on now are worse than what they have that's my
point that's what I'm trying to tell you so even though they went up a little
bit to a three six they can't brag about it and they can't sell it because none of
those people are there anymore really does management really like when you got your
numbers in today does management sit down and look this stuff over and make
important decisions is to who's going to remain on the air after looking at the
stuff or not or they just say well we're down for whatever reason or so fluke
see every time a radio station gets a lousy book but they do as they say well
look you know barber time they don't know what they're doing the nilson draw
face on all I don't agree with you I think the bad part of it is in this business
in radio at least is that most management reacts from book to book which you
really should never do one one book can be a fluke or one change can be a fluke
this business is not a one book business it's got to be over a sustained period
of time but unfortunately a lot of management just waits for the book come out
then they you know start wholesale firing people and we've seen it more than once
in the last couple of years that management has you know reacted you know and
done wild things and for and then the book comes out and it turns out that the
previous people were doing well and that's exactly what happened in i.o.d. their
previous people were going up and they're all gone you know you know I happen to
know and you can take this to think I happen to know that you for whatever
reason make other radio stations very nervous now they never have something
nice to say about you don't say that you've got this you've got problems you've got
this and that but you make them feel very very nervous yeah yeah of course I do
because I talk about them openly and honestly and I tell it like it is and they can't
speak about that and most radio stations don't like to discuss the inside stuff
going on things that you're in an in-house right the type thing and you just don't
want to talk about it on the air to thousands of people and that's one of the
reasons why all the people in the business listen to this show well they do they
do and I think it's kind of ironic and what they do is they'll listen to you they'll
trash you they'll indicate well this guy that what have you and then the book
comes out and you get whatever number that you said you have what do we share they
have for nine nine well nine is pretty big heavy duty stuff let me tell you
something nine in the daytime in the market of this size is I don't I don't know
how many years it's been since anybody has had a nine in this market in the day
time I don't it's almost impossible that I'm not at twice at your radio station
that he has more listenership than you do not anymore not anymore that's why I'm
anxious to see the um day parts if Tweety bird ever gets his finger out of his
ear or wherever he's got it hidden I'm really anxious to see that because if they
did a four five or something overall there's no way that he did some humongous
number in the morning and just very unlikely now with all your numbers with
everything that's going well for you what not it seems like that you have less
commercials than other radio stations true am I correct true why because in other
words they don't think your sort of radio is marketable I haven't I haven't got
any idea I asked our management that question this morning and unfortunately the
sales department here has gone through a series of upheavals and the previous
sales manager when he left before he left this station did everything of his
power to sabotage this radio station that's not right no it's not right it is not
professional and not perfect exactly so you know we got some good people back
there but they are practically starting from scratch even what good are big
numbers if in fact it's it does not precisely and actually exactly that's
exactly what I asked this morning so we'll find out almost like I was there yeah
almost maybe you've got one of those the bugs I don't have a but that is that's
really one thing I don't understand I mean if the numbers are there what have you the
ideas to transfer that into dollars you bet and I cannot transferring into
dollars and something is wrong something is rotten in Denmark right but see I
think the type of radio that you do and I think people are getting a little bit
more used to it is not all that outrageous people are talking about this
radio station no I'm out in about quite a bit and the type of radio you do is not
that off base I agree with you it is not that great I agree and I don't I think
it I think the type of radio you're doing is is the type of life that we all
leave to certain extent each each and every day of our lives you got it and I
think it's not wrong funny right listen I'm happy for you and I think it's
great one thing you can do is get my friend Billy back from here I'd sure
love to what's he doing what's Bill doing yeah he's taking a paycheck every
other week oh that's right he's hanging out the November right well what the heck he'll
be okay don't worry about okay see you later do we have another break to do we
do another break on this show okay and when we come back old look what happened to
the phone when you just came in the door look at that four lights are empty now
since you just came to they can sense it they can feel you coming okay let's
take this break and when we come back he's got all of the stuff that we don't want in
his hand okay I want to just say one thing and again I you know people look at it
like I'm tuning my own horn and in some extent I guess I need to because
certainly nobody else in the market is going to come I hey Neil had this nine share
you know the cum of this show is 198,000 people okay the cum of some
stations in this market is considerably less I'm talking about the entire
station okay that the cum is the total number of people that you're reaching
unbelievable as far as sunny fox in the morning is concerned Glenn has brought me
all of these pages some of which are right and some of which are wrong but you know
when you're dealing with mental incompetence what do you expect now let's see why
100 why 100 oh I see he always talks about cum because they've got that
gigantic a cum of all these people listening like for five minutes in the
morning okay so in cum banana mouth is right he's got 235,400 but average
quarter hour average quarter hour is pathetic sunny 38,100 and average
quarter hour on this show wait a minute is 63,000 almost double and that's what
they look at that's what the agencies look at the course course like the
listenership and you know cum mean all that means on an FM station like that is
people punching up the button in the morning listening for five minutes sunny well
congratulations thank you so much and if you don't if you don't self promote and
destruct during the next couple hours I'll do it for you from from three to six
what do you mean the next couple of hours what you were complaining about you
know you don't want to sound like you're you know being a part of the last
year you would do that you're the only one who would do that do you think leaf
hours got come on you're not and say do you believe Neil Rogers had a nine share
in his day part and we ought to build a statue to him in the Smithsonian Institute
of Broadcasting well and Gary Lawrence and Mark you ought to be on their hands and
knees kissing his feet right now of course not they're preparing another nasty
memo right now if like nobody don't get too big of a head and you will
continue working Saturday and buzz off if anybody wants to know by the way
congratulations on a good book if anybody wants to know how incredible this
number that you know got is tune into my show after three o'clock we have a guest
Alabraera you mean there really is such a person there yet we're going to find out
credit we're going to find out about the wonderful things like the saw grass express
way I've only been here three and a half years I've never seen him you've never
met a house I've never seen a be here at two o'clock while I'm leaving early I have
an appointment flagler for the fifth race seriously I heard there's a hot dog
in the fifth race anyway congratulations dynamite number incredible number
as a matter of fact I would challenge in the top 15 markets yeah I'll even stretch
it further than that the top 20 markets yeah I'll challenge anybody to find a
comparable number on an AM station during those hours in the entire country
probably she had in Chicago probably as a matter of fact I'm going to go out and
call GN right now and find out what they got yeah make it a long call we've got
to build up that long distance bill now what was sunny share in the morning a
five five a five five sunny yeah all those little 10 year olds who don't
well here we are one more hour and then Stan major is going to be along with
alabrera to boy then I'd be really exciting are you responsible for that
try it again I just do what I'm told around here oh in other words so Stan told
you to book alabrera on issue remember I'm I mean I'm sure Alice a wonderful guy
I've never met him have you you've never met him never saw I've never seen
him we're going to find out if he really exists I don't you think that the least
they could have done I mean I know I've said that you know the weight things
a problem and I don't want to eat all of the food but you know it couldn't have
gone out to public some got one of those party planters and put it in in the kitchen
now wait a minute here is there a message coming here's a message maybe they're
going to do this Gary and Mark are eating it
or in other words they did get one and they're eating it are you serious oh no
oh that's probably true they probably went out to lunch to celebrate and we're just
sitting in here with nothing wouldn't that have been a nice gesture instead of the
stale cake with a douche bag on it which is such a we're such a mung brain kind of
a thing to do you know what are they going to go out for that we don't even say
douche bag on to show much anymore right not much because we've gotten finally
gotten rid of most of the douche bags we're here doing the work that we can say
anything we want about them because they're at lunch all of some place no you can't
we are not supposed to be giving it to management don't you understand that I
was told that yesterday no uncertain terms that we have to cool it we in terms
of this attack we we as an OUI forget it it says on the screen right get it
so as they say at Windixie we are so well we have a couple of lines on the board we have
one open line in Broward 524 9400 and indeed if you speak it in English 624 9400
you did hear that they're going to put the anti-bilingual thing on the ballot
you're kidding so we're going to have to go through all of that all over again again
how many times we have to do this the Metro Commission every year we have
disgusting subhuman vulgar power again we're going to put it on the ballot well
that was on the first reading they have to do it a second time and maybe
between now and then enough people can call them and raise hell about it as Bob
Blaster would say how would be pressing oh South Miami you say what yeah
two things first of all I used to work in the gallery and mall it's always been dead
absolutely dead yeah there's no former life there right what were all those people
lying to us about last week I have no idea I worked there for seven months and I've
never been in a mall that you could hear your voice in from one end to the other
exactly is like going into the Grand Canyon exactly and secondly last night my
parents went a Delta flight that went through kind of a tornado storm heading
into a hair and they heard engines shutting off shutting on shutting off shutting
on when I finally got down and landed the captain came on the loud speaker
and said everybody on board you should thank God right now we're alive because
five more minutes and we wouldn't have made it oh boy nice thing to tell the
passengers wow unbelievable that's it's want to let you know that little bit of
bit of information terrific well listen words to live by right right okay see
you later all right bye eleven after one at W.I. and Z. Don't forget Delta is
ready when you are folks we have three open lines in date we have an epidemic of
open lines in Dade County noise the engines will turn them off for you six two four
ninety four hundred well it's probably true you know Rachel's is some pretty heavy
competition now so after noon we better you know not take anything for granted
here's a caller in bocah who needs to talk to Glenn about where is his jacket
bocah they hung up thank God yeah so obviously that wasn't for real because if it was
somebody in bocah who wanted their jacket they would have hung around just another
false alarm well I guess we don't have too many people who want to talk about this
Chuck Manson thing huh what should we let him out or keep him in what do you think
question for you question for you get in on the action is Donna Rice telling the
truth how big was it he hasn't taken a poll yet we do have two open lines in
Dade if we've heard from quite a few Dade people today so probably we are exhausted most of
those who still speak any English but if you do speak English and you're somewhere in
Dade County right now we certainly invite your participation in this exercise in
American democracy six two four nine four hundred wait a minute look at all the
mail stands getting these days what do you think this is from the book open
and be my he's been he's fingering that and though it to look at the shape of
it when you stop fingering stands mail police west just you know you rip off his
mail westchester hello yeah yes I went to the broard mall last weekend and I went
to buy a tape recorder and you wouldn't get to I thought the mall well I have a
month tape so you want to hear it I have a little portion of I had it luckily I
bought a tape machine and hear it as I ain't listen go ahead
oh stand was there okay that's great okay well I can vouch for that he was
there one thirteen one thirteen at w i n z and we have an open line in each
county in Dade six two four nine four hundred and a broard five two four nine
four hundred as we ask our poll question what do you think about Chuck
Manson would you like to have him to lunch with Lee and the Tweety bird we the
above loath and despise Neil Rogers we have joined forces to house this
cretin from the local airwaves and look at the names on the list jack McDermott
Edwin Pope Dick Capen Jim Hampton Bob Rich John the Baptist Lee Fowler Bill
Broucher Raoul Martinez and Bunky buyer oh wait a minute wait a minute we left
off the names on the other side of the page Judy Wilson father John juiced
father Joseph McCarthy Joseph McCarthy I don't think so is that that's his new
name now Archbishop Joseph McCarthy George Valdez Steve Clark Sergio
Pereira Joe Caroyo Annie Ackerman Rick Shaw Sonny Fox Jean Steven Sonny Rosenberg
John Lamello John Broward Terry Robbins Barry Young Michelle Gillan Steve
Kane John McHugh Richard Richard what can't read it a Jed Bush Rick Ciderman
Barry Schreiber Al Dowd Merrill Marley from the beach O'Marcy Alvin Steve
from Miami Beach and Mayor Bob Cox very very good excellent good mail stand
okay where are we going next to hollywood hello okay captain Cunney Captain
what Cunney Cunney when we tell you new honey Lingas sir you know that night
sharing you got to that me you the host with the most don't count on it sir I
see that nine it gets me excited you know while you didn't see where the decimal
point was okay can I make a request please yes I'd love to hear I really
would either can be finished great or I'll be you know what oh no now walk with you
know what we're not allowed to play anymore the management starting to get real
cowardly now and they've given us a little list of things which were not
supposed to play including the Michael Jackson glove which by the way we will
continue to play come hell or high water but walk with you know what has been
removed that's probably because the people in the programming department can't
get a you know what but that's another story along with what you know the
go with me condom oh yeah well no that was for another reason oh that was
a little problem with the rights on that one okay is that what I like huh
you know the condoms are like the ones that are pink and a real bump on them yeah
those are great aren't they fun those are really terrific yeah but I was
thinking about our business by yourself hello go ahead I'm listening you know
like I stand as a real attitude problem no question about it we need to do
something about them send them out I got a place for them and you know what
it is for heeding then I'm to to heeding for about a week and they have
gotten the water there and one of them big fish will take care of them you know
I've seen some of those on Ford water they'll be okay listen I got you a
piece here now so just go back to the radio and calm down with your place
yeah this is Captain Cunning you're the king of Cunning you know okay
okay put your tongue away and have a great day
he's day when I wake up I still have all my makeup and see a lot of
friends for you finally the ten record set you've been waiting for Tammy
phase unbelievable new album here's the rock I crawled out from under
I put six taintons of makeup on then my husband does it with Jessica home
oh baby Ford called and go I will a most grown out on booze and pee
it's all here the headache the heartache the pancake
rock of age just is my face my mascara only race Tammy phase he is the rock
but I crawled out from under okay one seventeen at w i z and I have a mobile
caller on south beach hello hello how are you Neil how you doing you're going to
describe all the exciting activities going on on south beach sir everything you've
said exist out here this is this is ridiculous yeah it's fantastic I listen to you
all the time and happen to be over here and the first opportunity to get on but tell
it's just like you said I enjoy your show and my relatives and friends are all
listening to you know and I'm 40 but there are twenty three twenty four twenty five
years old so you have a lot of you folks listening and living and breathing
huh right right and okay we appreciate it okay have a good day have a good trip
on the beach all right okay pampered pines hello hello hello you want to talk to
me hello yeah waiting for Neil yes okay hold on a minute hello yes good afternoon
now hi how you doing pretty good I agree with you let's see a part of the morning while
it's driving around then I forget I had a bigger chance to get on with you and I
agree with you that most people are in their own little dream worlds and they're in
their own little cocoon mines yeah like in pampered pines well I'm probably one of the
exceptions since I'm over there yeah well I used to over there I agree with you well
that bilingual audience will probably go through now since there's only thirty-seven
percent white so now the times probably right to have a new election we'll do it
until we get it right yeah yeah and no at thirty-seven percent white that I mean what else could
you vote what that I've been trying to was running actively opposed to a floor right
over here where I distributed a thousand flyers book at the county commission meetings
and actually you know politics either what have it yeah would go ahead and be
funneled the minds of the ignorant by the way somebody sent me an article I should have
saved it but I threw it out about the new base side that they're going to build in
pampered pines seriously seriously stand is laughing this is serious I haven't seen
it's true and this is just what we need in pampered pines is another shopping center
yeah we don't have enough of it all my shop and centers and walk handles yeah few
more strip shopping centers another base side and we'll be all set exactly now I've been
trying to get get some support I got a few supporters but not enough to make any
difference no they're brain dead over there exactly now but as far as people stand
up for their rights as far as coming coming from New York City I seen neighborhoods
go down the tubes where white prove down black food in is just said earlier I see
what happens in neighborhoods and I can see that happen in an hour of a year where
it's predominantly white and you get one or two here and there now I feel that I'm
going to start seeing for sales signs pop up my neighborhood yeah and the lights move
out the blacks move in but the same people liberals as you mentioned earlier the ones
that say well they keep the house in bed to shape the most whites I have in my
neighborhood so that may be true for that one particular person person which may be
the exception to a rule but however if there was such desirable neighbors these
people professing this would still the house and move to live the city and yeah I don't
see I don't see a lot of that happening to be honest we don't see a lot of white
middle and upper class people waiting online to move into Liberty City now that
you mentioned it now yeah well that's more into overtown exactly people that are
in the little hating hypocrites and yeah they just well say not big hits and
racist their hypocrites they would they would like you and they would like for
me to move in Liberty City but they're gonna you know they're gonna be living
in Pembroke Lakes I feel a lot of people had a push in this and so on and so forth
and the Jewish community staying their own little segregated area I don't see them
race mixing or professing into racial marriages and like you said I I
have seen papers distributed on the college campus where I have went also on my
window from a white student union and it was also an article referenced that
from as you would put in the title bomb giving negative publicity on it which
I thought newspapers and coverage from whatever organization it be were covered
under the First Amendment Freedom of Speech well you don't like it don't read it.
Okay well listen I'm not really sure what you're saying but have a wonderful day
22 minutes past one at W. I. and Z we have an open line in a day 624 9400
two open lines in Broward 524 9400 which is incredible because the phones have
been sold all day until of course Stan came in the building look at that
frogs in love cause upper in neighborhood is that in your neighborhood or is that
in a different one. Coral Springs Coral Springs. Well there probably a few of the
there goes the neighborhood. Yepy. Yepy. Few of those Coral Springs frogs have
moved into plantation and Stan and his neighbors are running around screaming
dead goes the neighborhood unbelievable okay it's 123 let's take a little
break we'll hop right back take a trip to Europe without ever leaving the
South Florida soil experience a unique culinary treat the Jame International
restaurant in North Miami Beach here you'll find hearty Yugoslavian fear as
well as an eclectic international menu served with penache and elegant
atmosphere of starlit ceilings and colorful aquariums feast on the freshest
the most succulent lobster that you choose yourself from the lobster tank enjoy
steams salmon with the tangy mustard sauce or flavorful grilled salmon with a light
creamy dill sauce absolutely delicious indulge in the exquisite rack of lamb
marinated and grilled with jama zone special sauce try the veal chop tender
and juicy grill to perfection and top with the delicate mushroom sauce the taste
is European the flavor absolutely out of this world the Jama International
restaurant an unforgettable experience you tell them that Neil Rogers sent
you by for great dining any evening to Jama at 33 63 Northeast to 163rd
Street east of Biscayne Boulevard North Miami Beach NCNB personal loans Mr. Moore
may I help you I finally got that new woman in my office complex to go out with me
let's nice yeah I'm taking her sailing next weekend you know small boats
spectacular sunset bottle of wine sounds great yeah except what I don't have a boat
oh well we can help you with that you see our boat loans are decided NCNB personal
loans Mr. Moore may help you I just saw the best looking thing I ever laid eyes on excuse me
at the bus stop it stopped right in front of me it the cutest little sports car I've ever seen
oh I see can I get a car loan today yes ma'am I'll take your application now and you may
even have the money by this afternoon for fast answers and simple interest personal loans
call NCNB National Bank NCNB personal loans Mr. Moore may I help you
yes Mr. Moore we need to home improve alone hi Annie the home improvement loan
we're going to need a nursery a nursery oh like for roses and gardenias
no more like a baby spread baby spread NCNB National Bank equal housing lending
24 years win okay 125 at W.I. and Z we still have two open lines in
Broward and what we've been really cooking until you know who came into building
I'm leaving 524 524 9400 and we have somebody in Miami who wants to speak to the
Vulture hello go ahead sir yes less week you made mention that you were that
you made mention of Lakeland did you live there or that's where I was born sir that's
where I grew up that's where he was had play how about that yeah the wrestling capital
of Florida that's not that not that that Lakeland's very nice you've ever been there
oh get out of here it's not very nice not very school there what school Florida
oh sure Florida Southern College yeah very nice and quiet and it's a horrible place
get out of here you have fond memories of Lakeland don't you yeah it's very very slow
up there yeah yeah I like to go up there for about three days
I think I have a good time now you hear people actually speak to you on the street
oh yeah red now they speak to you all right like what are you doing at our town now
it's very you don't look like one of us let's go get him Lee Roy
that's a strange time I went up there to visit and the service up there in the restaurants
was so much different down here they actually spoke to you and spoke English
matter fact yeah well listen very nice up there you want to move to Lakeland good luck to you
a real exciting town back but just want to maybe it's a nice place to drive through
it about 70 but you know that's about it you wouldn't want to get out it's a good place to go relax
I want to go through the drive through at Burger King and get 10 of those burger bundles
now they have a steak and shaken Lakeland oh yeah I like I've always liked Lakeland
a you have any of those burger bundles by the way oh boy you don't like them they're like bird droppings
well you know they're reminiscent of the old no they're not oil can they're not white cam no they're not
they're supposed to be but they're not you think they're have you had any sir no no no no no no you know what we're talking about don't you
Burger King has these little tiny burger bundles they call them which are little they're about the size of a bird droppings
little little cheeseburgers and they like in packs of three or six or six pack and if you're smart and you're really hungry
you'll get like about 20 of them because 20 of them comprise about an 18th of a whopper or something they're horrible
so sir we'd like you to try some and call this back and report on that okay we understand they're big in Lakeland by the way
so I'm still alive I'll definitely call back okay pretty nice a lot do they have crystal in Lakeland also
I love crystal in Tampa they do I know in Tampa they do I don't land or they do if I didn't know I would have asked
do they have a Tampa they might in like amazing how you answer questions with non sequitres you ask them do they have them in Lakeland in Tampa
they do well Tampa is not Lakeland I say probably but I'm not a hundred percent positive yeah well we're going to get on
we'll call Mike Miller and find out my any beach hello oh no yeah hold on a minute hold on we have a mobile phone caller
who's in heat hello hello how you doing good how are you doing okay good I just wanted to wait a minute were you calling
I want to tell Stan that uh where are you calling from from Boka okay I want to tell Stan that the Tom Dick and Harry Spon was great yesterday
well that's the last time you'll hear that one sir and I wanted to request a song from you the Pope's mocks dope
yeah that one will get on okay thanks a lot okay now probably today I'll get a memo at two o'clock saying I can't believe we can play the Pope's mocks dope
but we can't play walk with it you know what I see you have Diane Florida out there on the are you going to play that I haven't heard that in a long time
it's in there I didn't you played earlier today a little bit yeah where to go well we put them in that rack and they
there's the Pope Danny's from the face of the okay well well I'm looking for it Miami Beach I'm sorry I did that to you hello
okay Neil listen I have a question to ask you about this bilingualism thing in the event our week need commissioners
allowed us to go for referendum in March and all are assimilated Hispanics vote to repeal the current ordinance
which means that in day county any foreign language will do what will happen when this drive for Florida English is passed
and I'm sure it will be passed in 1988 or later that year will that aggregate this day county thing
would be a wish I believe that one one thirty at W. I. and he let's go to North Bay village hello yeah and it's not done a right
feel sorry listen Neil yeah a couple of calls back you had some guys some El Smucco
uh wait a minute wait a minute some what El Smucco kind of languages
uh what do you mean does it what are the seven words what did I say why don't you just call them a call
a mishmendrick okay yeah okay I want to tell you something if you want to see be tear
dear your agents come over to North Bay villages see what happened here there's a little
I want to tell you something it's grim I think I'm going to move to South Beach yeah well I do anything to get away from my
O. D. over there I'll tell you that I want to tell you something male you can take my any beach you know where I'm going
yes where I'm going Lakeland
we're faster but that guy what what do you say I could make it I went to ask for that figure maybe
something maybe uh change your life or something look at it could any of the last ten callers it could have been that okay so
don't worry about I want to do something Neil is getting it can't get better it can't get worse it's got to get better
yeah well I'm not going to talk about this anymore tomorrow because it's too depressing this is not a
depressing call right no I don't know you know who I meant yeah I sure did don't talk about our programming
department that way will you please are you still there are you uh no she's gone she's gone
great she's she's off to else mucco
you can't
pember legs can you please bring us back to reality yeah that's what I'm going to attempt to do
nil please I'm really concerned with your Michael Jackson jokes here the man is working extremely hard trying to buy the
elephant man's skeleton and I think he's got enough on his mind without his white glove being the object of everybody's
ridicule I mean I would really hope that his his one goal to get the skeleton doesn't doesn't
depress him let alone all this other talk I don't see it hello I'm here I'm looking for something he's
setting you up anyway yes nil and I've enjoyed your show it's excellent and but I do want to say pember
g Lakes is a great place to live in it's beautiful we've got plenty of shopping every day there's more and more
shopping available there is a tape missing from this rack sir oh hello I'm still here but there's a
tape missing from my rack oh well no I didn't take it honestly you have to look all over that's not
well hello still here sir oh okay there is a tape I'm going to say it for the third time missing from the
rack which one do you think it is I have no idea I'll give that to you I hope it's not the one about
Michael Jackson but I really do hope that he does get to get get the elephant man's skeleton I mean
that's to me is one of uh life's greatest uh pleasures nil what do you think of you think you
really don't like pember lakes I love pember lakes beautiful places it is yeah but what they need
there is probably like you know base side but my only quest we don't have enough shopping here yeah
which you need a more strip shopping center I just want to know you know where how to get to the
beach from pember lakes you can't get there you have that I don't think people realize they're in Florida
alibrary will be on stand show at two he'll be glad to explain it to you you have to get on a plane
without well we have a major crisis here at wins and it's a good thing for management that it's
134 and not 10 o'clock in the morning because there seems to be a tape missing from carousel number one
now it is possible it's not very likely but it is possible that it could be in carousel number two
right so instead of both of you acting like dummies over there why doesn't one of you look in carousel
number two and I'm looking in the window at the reflections of both of you perusing desperately
and uh I have a feeling it's not there right because there were two copies of it
you could be a major problem a serious problem developing in the next 25 minutes in fact there
could be 25 minutes of dead air I don't care means nothing means absolutely nothing
you found it you found it now how is it isn't it interesting that all three of us kept looking and
looking and looking and we couldn't find it unbelievable oh oh no wonder we couldn't find no wonder
okay now of course those of you in the audience we want you to take note that you are not hearing
this because we are not permitted to play this on the air
hello this is Michael Jackson urgent you to help stop the spread of social disease
don't risk your life by having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar queen's
I urge you to do like I do go it alone but make sure you wear protection
that's why I recommend the Michael Jackson glove worn on either hand the Michael Jackson glove
add the security and kiss of mine that I need to do it myself so remember before you put it out put it on and
the Michael Jackson glove proving once again that a bird on the hand is better than one in the bush
a better than sequin models for extra stimulation
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
guys I am Michael in 15 I have back
once in one gets thrown on grass Jesus breaks our back
Jesus Christ is super heavy never shout
once in one gets thrown on a lot
we've been searching for the world's power to go given the grass
the power to stop is like she's fucking mad
the power to stop is a gruby hand that's the power to stop the power to stop
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
Oh
The poppin' getting higher
The poppin' getting higher
The poppin' getting higher
The poppin' getting higher
The poppin' getting higher
It makes me so convinced
The poppin' getting higher
He's a curvy headdance
The poppin' getting higher
The poppin' getting higher
The poppin' getting higher
Okay, one thirty eight of W.I.N.C. let's take some sound.
Okay, I think your show is disgusting and it doesn't stand for anything decent.
So why are you listening to it you misfit?
Because I'm switching over to Steve Kane at least.
Okay, good, okay, good for you pal.
You're exactly the kind of listener he needs.
A misfit.
Do you believe that?
I mean it's only a one forty in the afternoon and the guy was on so much grandma
boon or boon in the box.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes.
Oh, I was just calling for Senator about the fourth guy that called before me.
I was talking about the nigga.
About what?
After nigga.
No, he didn't say nigger.
Nobody said nigger on this show until you did.
Talking about racist, the race and the beat.
He didn't say nigger, man.
Okay, he was talking about between black and the white.
Yeah, he didn't say nigger.
Sitting all of that.
Why did you use that word?
Because I thought that if I'm misunderstanding still I thought he said you had a sign of on his car saying something about the name.
I didn't hear exactly what was it.
I just had just turned my right.
Why don't you ask?
You must be listening to a different show than I am.
No, I'm not listening to this show.
And now getting to the point that God made us all to me.
God made us all.
Oh, yeah, right.
Black, blue, green.
Yeah.
And when this world come to an end, it's not going to be a place for the white in a place,
place for a black and black or a place for a green or whatever.
Yeah.
Everybody's going to be there together.
Yeah.
The hardest way you want to be there or not everybody's going to be there.
We all going to be there.
That's right.
We all be here now and when we die, we all be there.
And get along here on Earth.
Find where they expect to get along up in Heaven.
Right.
Terrific.
Very good.
Excellent to the rationale of the whole problem.
We've solved it almost immediately, folks.
No more racial tension.
No more problems in sound Florida.
Thanks to a very astute caller.
Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Let me try one more time.
Yes.
Yes, congratulations on them.
Thank you all.
At this point, with these calls, what does it mean?
Well, the last one that's going to go over and listen to Steve, I think, before long,
IOD is going to have to ask for a rebate on there.
Yeah.
No question about it.
There.
I mean, this guy's getting ridiculous.
He's just repeating the same formats he had with all the same old tired garbage and we
don't talk about him.
Really?
Listen.
I want to ask you, did you happen to hear the resolutions that they put before the UN
on the Iran war?
No.
That they want to cease fire and George Schultz has introduced a second resolution if that
one fails, which is to ask all countries to put an embargo on arms to Iran.
Terrific.
That's original idea.
Yeah.
We want to put an embargo on here where we're...
Exactly.
That's because we want to make sure that General Seekord can sell them all himself and Mr.
Hakeem.
We want to make sure they get all the profit.
Just American capitalism, that's all.
I just don't believe the things that they got the goal to come on and ask all the countries
to do these things and then put this all over the...
Were we doing that before?
Were we chastising all the other countries and admonishing them, not to sell any arms
to Iran and we were doing the same thing?
And now we got the goal to come back and ask for it again?
Of course.
That is really incredible.
No, I do want to congratulate you.
Listen to you all the time, Neil.
I've got a lot of people turning on you.
I mean, your show, so.
So to speak.
Okay.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay.
143 at W.I.N.Z.
Hello.
Hello.
Goodbye.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
How are you doing?
I am there.
Okay.
First of all, I'd like to say a little of my boss who is in the next room listening to
your show just for the heck of it.
Okay.
Secondly, is that all you want to tell him?
No, he recognized my voice.
Isn't there something else you'd like to say to him?
He could get busy, but you know, that's beside the point.
That you might not want to say to his face, but that might sound good over the ear.
There's nothing I would say to his face.
I would say behind his back.
Okay, in other words, you need the job is what you're saying, right?
Well, yeah, it's nice to, you know, to pay nice, it's good to have money coming in and
all that stuff.
Even if he is a little bit of a schmendrick.
He gets excited.
Okay.
But you know, bosses are like that, right?
Of course.
Not our bosses here.
They're always in a coma.
They never get excited.
No kidding.
Yeah.
Well, maybe mine should be in a coma every now and again.
That way he could relax.
Okay.
I want to wrap on Miami City Commission.
Okay.
Why did these people approve zoning changes in the strip center and tendle when we're
assholes and elbows and cars down there now?
Why do they do things like that?
Do you want to stop and think about what you just said, asshole to elbow?
Have you stopped and really thought about that?
Can you visualize that in your own mind?
I spent five years in the Marine Corps.
What has this got?
Contortionist?
Listen.
If you're from the service, you know what asshole elbow means.
Okay.
You can't move.
Are you calling for this show or for Stan's show?
Because I noticed the last few days now, we started getting these misfits.
I'm not saying you're a misfit.
Oh, well, I'm close, I think.
I think you're borderline.
But we're starting to get a lot of Stan's callers from like about one o'clock, one
fifteen.
They start rolling or trolling in.
And it really has a dramatic change in the thrust of the show.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Maybe I should hang up and call later.
No, no, this is fine.
You can call later on Stan's show and just repeat the whole call.
I was just interested in in your opinion about the Miami City Commission and why they
keep approving.
Forget about them.
Will you please forget about politics in this town?
Forget about them.
Forget about them.
I know, but you see if you forget about them, then they walk on you.
Well, that's okay.
No.
Just lay down on the ground and let them walk on you.
Yeah, right.
And serious?
Yeah.
I mean, I have nothing real life.
You can't let these commission, why do they keep approving stuff like that?
They keep approving script centers and Kendall keeps getting.
First of all, can I say something to you in all honesty, the Miami City Commission has
nothing to do with Kendall.
Kendall is part of unincorporated day.
That's the Metro Commission.
Metro Commission.
Okay.
So if you're going to step on somebody, step on the right people, okay?
I'm the right people.
I mean, the Miami City Commission doesn't speak any English, so leave them alone.
Oh.
Yeah.
Well, I'm here to stay.
So me too.
All the Latin that are here can either learn English or go home.
Okay.
Buenos dias.
How are the oaths?
0.7 to a 4.3.
From 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. 18 to 34.
Of course, that's so we have all these young living and breathing people on.
Which is why we have a lot of funeral parlors on the air, of course.
A lot of nursing homes, there any nursing homes out there that want to advertise will be
delighted to put you on the air.
Because that's our audience.
Of all those a 4.3 and 18 to 34.
How do you like that?
No, they're not teenagers.
Okay.
No, 12 to 17 is teenagers in in arbitron, Lingo.
Okay.
When are you going to come into the real world?
When are you going to break out of this lethargic mindset that you got into it gloves 94 for all those years?
When are you going to come back and be with us?
Those are the members of the living.
When?
When's it going to happen?
Or is it too late?
You sitting here making guttural sound.
Teenagers, like this, you know, unbelievable.
We ask him for certain numbers in a book.
He goes, it's me weekends.
I don't care about the weekend because after this Saturday I'm not working weekends anymore anyway.
Whether they like it or not.
Don't you think it's about time that some of us stood up for our rights?
Slave labor is illegal in the United States.
Does Wally Phillips work on a weekend?
No.
Does Howard Stern work on the weekend?
No.
Does Irene Richard work on the weekend?
No.
The sunny fox work on the weekend.
No.
Does Bill Tanner work on the weekend?
No.
Does Mike Miller work?
No.
Again, same answer.
No.
Call her on a mobile phone.
Yeah, this is a bell.
How are you doing, a bell?
I'm afraid of the bell and I'm not here.
Is this patty a bell?
No.
Just a bell, Florida.
Okay.
How y'all doing in a bell?
Well, I'm not here.
We're surviving.
You doing well in a bell?
Well, in a bell.
Oh, okay.
I'm one of these, uh...
That's well.
Poor folks that couldn't...
Man needs to stay in that county.
I lived there from 45 to 82 and I got to stay in that county.
Well, I don't blame it.
And I had to get out.
You got out just at the right time.
Right.
But I want to make a comment about this dollar thing.
That nobody's even mentioned.
I don't really want to put any blame on anybody.
Okay.
But...
You know the dollar is a non-union airline.
It's never had a union.
And there is an awful lot of people
who have been trying over the years to get them to go union.
Yeah.
You think there's a little sabotage here?
I wouldn't say that, but it's just something to think about.
In other words, you think that they're purposely blowing out the tires?
You think the pilots are kamikazis?
Well, you never know.
I mean, there's nothing.
There hasn't been no real accidents.
There's just been a lot of clothes.
Yeah, that's true.
Well, show me something to think about.
We'll check it out for you.
It's eight minutes before two at W-Y's.
Well, my glad this day is coming to an end.
I knew that, didn't I say it at the beginning of the show?
Did I not say it to you?
It was going to be a real...
I mean, it's almost four hours now.
And I feel like I've been here.
It's like a marathon.
I feel like I've been on the air for 20 hours.
At least, maybe longer.
Okay, we do have one more break to take, right?
I pray.
And we'll come right back.
Let me end.
Okay, we got all of this now.
This should be the Bob Lanciter Memorial Show today,
because it was all very depressing.
And we got it out of the way.
And we also in this last hour,
I've got a lot of Stan's misfits calling in early.
Now, why don't you explain T-R-O-K-N-Y?
Why don't you explain...
How can you be depressed with a nine first?
Why don't you explain to your listeners
that your show starts at two
and that at that time your progress will end until four?
Your callers can begin calling in at two o'clock.
No.
Because lately, last few days,
I've been starting to call in early.
That's great.
And they're incoherent.
Because your callers always call me until six anyway.
They're incoherent.
Well, after yesterday,
and all those right-wing leanings coming back to the surface again,
it's very obvious.
Well, I have to need expensive therapy.
You know, once in a while, I have...
A Jordan Litty syndrome strikes a charge, my batter.
It's not a just like, in fact,
it was even quoting from Pat Buchanan,
one of America's foremost legal figures.
You can tell me you didn't hear yesterday, shoot.
I heard bits and pieces.
And as a matter of fact,
the reason I didn't hear most of it
is because of what I did here.
I'll let the fascist craft...
Oh, I see.
Well, the good part started at four.
Did it really?
When we had the livens, the singles call.
Well, that's...
Kyle agrees with me.
I must have started four because he was gone in,
and I was gone by then from the radio.
Why don't you...
Nothing that we hear old blue-haired lady called in
and wanted to...
Taffy backer, whatever her name is.
Yeah.
You know, and one of the discusses all over the place.
Well, I did hear that call.
I was Taffy's audience.
So, I made her happy.
I programmed my...
I stopped whatever I planned,
and I programmed my old program...
The way the audience...
Blue way, I'm all.
Okay.
Well, when the summer book comes out,
you'll be able to use that.
That'll be a good excuse.
That's what I'm going to say.
Okay.
That allows you topics you lead me.
By the way, I got a great subject about Manson,
which I'll pass along, dear.
But Alibra is going to be in here first, boy.
Well, I don't see him yet.
Is he not in the building?
I don't know.
Well, he probably landed at the wrong airport.
I'm telling you.
Well, he's probably landed at home state Air Force,
maybe he's bucking to work for Delta.
Exactly.
Good idea, Al.
Are you going to be here at 3 o'clock?
I'll be around.
I'd like for you to do that.
I'll be around.
They're going to bring a little food in.
Nothing too fattening, but I've eaten nothing all day.
A zero.
But for all those people who don't...
Don't you think when you get a nine-share,
they ought to bring something in?
Like maybe from the unicorn, something healthful?
At 305, I will tell people what this management should do
with your nine-share.
Okay. Well, I'm going to tell them what to do with it right now.
You've been listening to The Neil Rogers Show.
The views and opinions expressed on this program are those of the host guests and callers.
And I'm not necessarily...
