was here like one of the big prize was a stereo system are you kidding yeah it was it it was
like a big box but he could carry it so i mean it couldn't have been how did he win it they picked
his number you know i mean oh man he probably slipped somebody ten bucks or something but uh you
didn't win anything like that like little calculated that i live that he got there and then they had
like little chotch good gifts too you know like for everybody he want a stereo system that's right
and somebody i did it was a vcr and a and a cd player and i forget the one of those that's all
the stuff they gave away to different people yeah yeah it was exciting but i didn't win anything so
yeah and he did you you may have won david and you didn't hear them call your number i may have
already been a winner okay should we go to a phone call and see if we can get our levels up here
this morning brown County hi hello hello oh your level sound great oh hi how you doing great um
listen i have two things to ask you want if anybody would know you would know okay have a
game a song called society child Janice and oh is i know i trying to find it nobody even knew who
it was he believed i knew that right off the top of my head i would say 1968
Janice and society's child right yeah Janice and okay i have one more thing i guess when you put
the commercials on you really don't listen to them right sometimes i do and you know sometimes we
have other things to do okay well there's a commercial that you put on to be an insurance and
if they keep insurance and it's about two cars and they get an accident no one i mean no do you know
which one she talking about cap and date oh what how about i was listening oh jeez i'm checking the
news okay anyway the next one of like news insurance oh yeah okay with when they get an accident
they say you do animal they do it does not know i listen to it like bad guy is like he's talking
with a fake Spanish accent he's going you animals you would like you know like the way the
Spanish say you yeah so calm down okay do you believe him i guess i think he's right
because i was listening to few times and i was really surprised yeah they they wouldn't do that
you animal yeah it's a car insurance for Nazi generals that's what it is
okay well you guys have a good day good to hear from you okay bye good to a call from date
county hi yeah hi hey what's up are you awake yeah why is Dave called captain that's an excellent
question sir do you know what i think the theory is i thought about this because he threw that at me
the first day i worked with uh Neil was that my last name is caprita cap thing it's that's just sort
of your and that's like that was my father's name too was cap so i think he got like the cap from
caprita and just cap and day just remember sir it's not captain day it's captain captain day
c-a-p apostrophe yeah there's a there's an apostrophe in there okay can you sleep well now
now i have a little critique um when are you two at the you two concert no i wasn't were you there
cap day no no sir uh let's just appointing man they were lame man the concert was disappointing
yeah the bass was 30 and and the edge was inconsistent the what was inconsistent the edge the edge
the drumming was great i mean i did enjoy where his name is well are you are you glad you went or would you
well glad i saw it because i never saw it before i was just gonna see them about five years ago
when they're a bit younger and not so commercial on it you know would this happen to be a
tom moon for the mimey herald oh sounds like a it sounds like one of those reviews that you read in
the herald i like the word you choose the the bass was rough and the dirty it didn't come out
the ambiance the bass was dirty and the edge was rough oh i'm sorry i felt like a shaving foam and
they pay too much of the new music yeah it's so you know which is pretty you know i do you think
that do you think this was one of these deals where you your anticipation was just too much you
thought it was going to be greater than you know it actually wasn't reality the thing was that i
i'm that i like like their old stuff like i sing or in october you know and they yeah and they did
they played you know this crap from the josh or two which i hate oh i see well that's a good
arm don't you like that album that's what i does not with the was such as made i'm looking for
something is the worst and the the song that i've heard the most by you two on the radio is the
worst you two song i've heard now now why do you think that is it's the worst you two
are for effort every you two son remember me it's the worst one is this bill a worst okay all right
see you later good to hear from now we uh he was the only one everybody else that they really
like everybody loved the concert yeah but maybe they didn't notice that dirty bass and the
inconsistent edge that he happened to discern probably from his seat we got another memo and this
is not concerning us directly this is from peter and i i i don't think peter's up yet so i'm
going to read it says at the bottom please don't talk about this memo on the air just do the promos
you know uh so i'm going to do them from the bottom up i'll do like one an hour or something now
as you do them it says john make log notations when needed when needed later i have to log this one
i get one of these promos i mean one of these uh numbo is there something i'll read it to you and
you'll see if you want if you want a copy at the end of the show i'll get you on every weekday is
now a no repeat work day on zeta four listen all day from nine to five never hear the same song twice
oh just the best classic rock and roll the best of the new the best of the old now and they say nine
to five you notice so if you hear anything from nine to ten you're probably not going to hear it
the rest of the day which would keep me listening you see you see how that goes dayd county hi
hello hello what's the guy talking about dirty base i think he should go back to bed and clean out his
cobwebs he sounds like he should be in bed i think but now come on now i like the i like the
Joshua tree what can i tell you i like that album and everyone said the concert was fine i loved it
mm-hmm well it's monday but uh so we're slowly going here i want to tell you i haven't had my first
cup of coffee yet the coffee in the kitchen here w-i-n-z was so strong so i had to make another cup of coffee
so i'm gonna have to run back and get one it was i mean i don't even know how to say it um i put in
the regular amount of half an half that i put in for a cup of coffee right i poured like a third of a
cup and it was so dark i just i couldn't drink it yeah so i made another cup well the what you
may this is excellent i must say well maybe you'll you'll take mercy on me and run back and get me a
cup sometime and then speaking of mercy who took my other car you know i have now we have a crisis
here sir so hold on a second uh cap and davis lost his coffee cup i didn't lose it there's for
different moves you know moods you know i have this one yeah but do you think it for monday maybe
hello did he leave us i think he's gone well goodbye
it's the all new leave it to beaver starring Barbara Billingsley
you bumman Tony Tao and Billy Idol as the beaver
you
here
did you notice how he had his hair cut this afternoon
i didn't see him do you have a cut too short no but you shouldn't see what he had that
Barbara do to him like it's up on the side and in the back it sort of goes all like this
and it's all full of oil well honey i can't describe it you just have to see it
oh let's take a look at it
do you see what i mean in that tarot
certainly yes i'm poor he just looks like a like a gangster
i can't help but next thing he's going to be wearing a leather jacket and motorcycle boon
come not do you've been watching too many of those live television shows
you think he could see how ridiculous he looks to us
well i'm sure you will see sooner or later june but in the meantime it's practically impossible
for parents to make a boy see himself through their eyes well i wish he'd see himself do
somebody's eyes i just bad had enough of it
beaver would you pipe down make him nervous
so
16 zeta four and the new Roger show now we do have the uh the uh zeta four computer set up today
now if if so if one young lady wants to take a stab at this maybe early we can get this
on the way okay i'm a little nervous about it just hit hit a button yeah now what we need is
your weight and your height and we'll put it in the computer right now that's my weather
here use this memo yeah yeah use the memo yeah all we need is your weight and your height
and we'll put it through there and with this formula and i'm embarrassed to say that but what
will come out will be your broad size and what we would like to do is see if it comes out
accurately right that's how you're going to test this have them come by or no no no they'll just
tell us we'll have to have someone we can trust so if you want if you want to take a stab at it
you can can i give those zeta 73 degrees warm morning well that just blew the whole climax
that's supposed to be the last thing that i say oh no did i steal your thunder oh i'm sorry
go ahead and give it anywhere i thought oh no you're not going to give it and you're too much oh
i'm partly cloudy in my own today of the high 80 low tonight 69 increasing cloudiness
tomorrow the high of 82 increasing chance of rain tomorrow the outlook for Christmas partly cloudy
in my own it's going to be one of the south florida type christmas oh yeah it's going to be about 80
right you two color the you two color wants to hear the elvis comedy pit we'll see i don't know
it's got kind of a dirty base in it i know and the edge just drives me crazy rowered county hi how
all right what's going on today well nothing yet you know we're still sort of waking up you know what i
mean how about you pretty good yeah i got a friend sleeping in the room right now so i thought i
just come up to the kitchen and talk yeah yeah yeah hey listen i heard a um song i'm the other day
that santeria song oh yeah there where i can get that on the uh santeria thing wait a second
kaffataria santeria i'd like to him for a second Dave let me see if i can
hey don't get it so did you go to the youtube concert too of course did you like it
oh i've seen better yeah i thought billy joe was a little bit better what i thought billy joe
was a little bit better he puts on more of a show huh yeah to me he did did you see the video that
they did of him in lennon grad yeah i did that thought that was real good yeah that was yeah usually
i don't go for live tape shows like that but i thought that was uh really well done now that was a
pretty good show i got a question for you guys what are how long you guys stay there after your show
well you know it depends hour two oh yeah yeah i don't know i plan on being down in the studio like
around quarter to eleven eleven o'clock we'll be gone by ten fifteen oh really time out today yeah
we may be here we may not really yeah but if we're here we'll be glad to say hi to you
yeah cuz i'm gonna go down to see um Jeff conser oh why he's gonna he's gonna let me watch him
for a little bit because i'm in broad testing school i see which one so huh which school
which school mommy lakes tech oh yeah i've done lectures there oh have you yeah well have a good
time and uh and here's your thing for you okay thanks all right see you later
i hired of the same old restaurants try the cafeteria centria of hialia how much is that
doggy on the menu the one with the barbeque tail how much is that doggy on the menu
i'm sure glad the chef's out of jail that's right no matter what the weather's like outside it's
always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria centria of hialia we'll make your stomach stop
growling and make your neighbors pit bull stop doing the same thing talk about delicious
mm your meal is always fresh we kill it right on the premises for a heavenly meal at a
sacrifice price it's the cafeteria centria try it once you'll eat there religiously how much is that
doggy on the menu the one that is fried in deep fat please bring me that doggy on the menu
you and bring a side order of cat walk run or catch your gray hound for the cafeteria centria of
hialia where we give new meaning to the word pet food yeah six twenty one is eight of four is
school out this week can't they they're not in school that i don't think they're in school so
you're probably right we probably have a a less of an audience this morning so we should probably
just relax right just i think we should anyway so all right i found that we're still we have not
organized the car chat we still have this incredible stack of cars we've got to do that today
we do it today yeah i found another one it says 30 something on it i'm gonna play that in a minute
you don't have any idea what that is it's got to be a takeoff on the tv show all right we'll see
what it is in a minute first let me take this call from bowered county hello hello hi hi how you
okay i just want to tell you that friday at work we have by the formula on a whole bunch of
different women there uh-huh and it came within an inch on everybody except for one are you serious
curious it's unbelievable it's unbelievable i'm unbelievable now what you do is you take now let's
go through it briefly all right you take the grip the you take the woman to wait and you multiply
by what five forty nine i forty nine then you take her height subtract 10 inches right right so
another she's five five that would be 65 inches so then you so you make it 55 divided into the number
you got when you multiplied and then take the square root of what you got correct correct all right
now i said it right correct and it can't he said it came out within an inch on every woman they
tried in the office maybe we should do that to the women in our office here later today
and then we'll give you a report tomorrow that's a thought it's no work at our
what it did work yep well thanks for the report sir you're welcome thanks a lot
all right bye bye all right now here's this card i found it all it says on it is 30 something
next week on 30 something two oh i think i'm coming down with something yeah you really
should eat something maybe later say what time is it anyway i don't know seven something
okay how about something chinese or something Italian something live
no something well then maybe a movie or something yeah something fun that'd be something
30 something twos is a 10 something nine something central it's really something oh yeah
remember that i've heard that in a long time so we're trying to clean out get this
organized and we're finding a lot of a lot of things we haven't played in a long time that's okay
all right riches here who helps us out you're our resident what
mammalian mammalian he's got the computer there so someone wants to give it a shot
on the formula you'll be more than thrilled to punch the buttons right
I'll punch the buttons in and let the computer calculate the the breast size and if they want to
give their actual breast size we're going to accumulate the data and even apply let's say a
standard deviation for all us deviates and maybe we can tweak the formula a little and come out
with a more precise more precise formula for this thing yeah you could get our first victim here
yeah wait it says on the screen a formula victim is on brouwered one so let's see what this is
hello hi hi how you doing this morning great are you a formula victim well i haven't considered
myself as such until now well actually i was calling with regard to the formula uh-huh
and as i was sitting here on hold i got to hear it spurted forth however i didn't have my
ten in hand yet so all i've got is weight plus five forty nine and then height minus ten
that's correct all right now now what's your weight my weight yeah hundred eighteen
hundred eighteen oh we will put it into the computer and how tall are you five six five six
okay we're putting it in the in the computer now that's the breast machine service
breast machine says that your breast size should be thirty four thirty four there you go it's right
right on the money are you serious i'm a heart attack i can't believe this is working you believe the
one is i tell you the society we live in today isn't it amazing that right now we know the
whole reason for all of the computers that we have well i am just amazed but i'm really kind of
happy that it worked you know because we were having while i was trying to do it in my head you know
last year and you know how i am what's easier to tell somebody's high weight huh oh well i just
my addition it but it was well i can't the square root to kind of get difficult in your head
yeah try to do square root in your head it was just like virtually impossible at least you know
within a few sentences of conversation yeah yeah you know when you first meet somebody and you're
trying to size it all up you know listen guys i just want to say i'm enjoying you good yeah how
nice day thanks a lot okay well now there's there's a we tried it and it worked now we're doing now
here's yelton over the engineer from can we call you the a m engineer we're doing a lot of
important work here yelton yeah sure we're working on the formula you know the formula
or if you take a woman's weight multiply it by 549 take her height subtract 10 inches
and divide that into your number and then you take the square root of that number and you get
her bra size and we hit just how to call her and and we do it we did it in computer and it worked
beautifully you know some people put model airplanes together
you figure out people's bra sizes well you're abreast of the time uh-huh and if uncle
niel comes back and find out and finds out that this is what we've been doing on his airwaves
we're never we're never gonna hear the end of it trust me okay just when you thought crap
call records couldn't possibly be more tasteless
that's right it's the cat skills cowboy himself dr. erbing paycheck singing the all-time greatest
hits of noshville you'll hear the accountant you gotta know how to feed him know how to cheat him
if you want to live your good life deep a second set of books and who could forget this flavorful cut
to my soul and no collection of old country music would be complete without dr. erbing paycheck's
dietary classic i've his coach and coach and coo yes crap call records proudly presents the
all-time greatest hits of noshville those not my amymoo to order noshville hits dial one eight hundred
a six-by-d dr. erbing paycheck because he's got those not my amymoo's yeah
yeah i had the north Miami blues one time boy those are bad okay now uh six twenty eight now
on say to cap day if it's been we um can you describe for us just exactly what we're working with
here this is impressive this is a compact three portable computer okay it's IBM compatible it has a
forty million bite hard drive that's a lot that's a lot okay six hundred and forty k of memory
and it's it's got a two eighty six chip in there which means it's very fast and it only weighs about
ten pounds and you can carry it around uh you know like a like a cylinder you are talking into the
back of that microphone AC if you turn it around it says front on it now you see that now try it
now let's see what we go how's that no you're still it now turn now see the see the purple diamond
there you go that's the front okay but it did sound kind of neat it made it sound like an engineer
yeah made it sound kind of engineering because we had the noise in the back of it anyway it did work
is is the point uh when we tried it on the last listener and we'll see if we can give it another
shot here this morning sometime brown county high fine good morning good morning listen is there any way
we could take that computer um and use two pick numbers at highlight
oh the formula if you will absolutely you get the breast size of the players but i don't know
if you get the winner what do you say about that rich uh yes they're they're all they're
in fact there are some programs out there that you can buy that uh that do predict the winners at
highlight and at the track uh i haven't seen any you know i haven't tried any actually but uh
they they just compile a lot of statistics and uh they'll probably pick at 50% of the time which
is probably what you would do in our use series yeah does that do you think it helps at all well
you know it's you know they sell for like fifty nine sixty nine dollars a piece and um you know
if you're if you're into that sort of stuff and uh you know you're afraid to stick a pin in uh
in a racing form uh you know you give it a shot um what do you think about that well i think i'll
you're doing an excellent job in captain Dave and um i hope he'll make it back before you take over
yeah he'll be back okay don't worry okay thanks a lot take care six thirty at the day to four
you know i now see rich when you're trying to that mike you something before it was great when
you're talking into the back because you had all this noise it really sounded like he was in a
in it like in a a a laboratory you know like a lab doing my experimenting yeah high tech it really
turn them back around yeah talking the back of the uh okay now captain Dave you were talking
to yelton about you you are just just apoplectic this morning because you left your calculator
at the christmas world i was in a huff to leave why i was with this really lovely lady
it's like the first date i've had since seventy nine uh would you like to tell us who it was
is someone we know i don't want to tell you okay um i picked up the calculator and i made sure
that i picked it up off the table because do you remember one time at love ninety four the general
manager gave us these little gold pins from christmas said love ninety four you put into your shirt
no no no that's not the one remember the time he gave us the gold chain yeah i yeah by the way i
melted all of that down and i got a guy i got a couple of bucks for that remember the gold chain
sure he gave it to us we were out on the south beach location on south Miami beach and uh i used
to go to a gym on the way home in the omni that we had members use that so i got this christmas
president of a beautiful gold chain that everybody got one at the station 30 minutes later i was at
the gym took it off like an idiot hung it up with a locker and it was like this christmas
president was gone 30 minutes later and this is like day jade damn food
that's the exact same thing happened Saturday night man i had this beautiful christmas president
for 30 minutes and then it was gone well yelton said that you could get another one they have
extra wins and all you'd have to do is go up to the bookkeeper and tell him that you get it for
glen yeah which means you're left out in the lurch i don't get one anyway i don't really think i
need one but uh well i don't either but they were so nice where they were at a little clock
and a little date thing on them and they were solar powered and they could figure out broad sizes
and yeah and a leatherette case oh they were in a case oh they were solar powered i like to
and a little note pad and a pen okay so if if you would like if any if any young woman uh would like
to or older woman it doesn't matter would like to take a chance we do have the computer here
now we tried one experiment this morning and it worked perfectly so all you have to do is give
us your weight and your height and all those guys here will do a really guy thing will give you
your boss as we we're just curious if it's correct or not that's all just sort of uh like an
experiment like no like i asked Friday before we left this for the weekend is there a formula
that women can get into we don't like the equivalent of this well see like nia would love as if
we did that but um trust me we can't get into that this is the time of year when everyone's a
wee bit Irish say Colleen would you be wanting to come over to my place to help me uh wax my
shellily oh now this i would matter Patrick if you be wet in the green i know there's a smart
lassie she's making sure her lad is wearing the kelly green protection of leopard condoms
don't be wishing her a full lift clover a fallen for the gift of gab especially if you're
planning on kissing some blindy stones her whatever be doubling your protection with leopard
condoms they're strong enough for a man but i like them too so catch yourself a leopard condom
and you won't be catching anything else
Neil wakes me up in the morning and i'm on it Neil wakes me up with a smile with a smile yeah
drinking my coffee a bunch of my donga with two four of the dogs
get ready to go to school with Neil with Santa for a dial
trying to work in my rules with a dolly nail with Santa for my dial
oh really Neil Neil Neil and Tweet
Neil Neil and Tweet
635 it's 8-4 and Neil ride your show with Glen Hill Neil's on vacation this week it is
Christmas week and i can't believe that this is what we're doing in Christmas week you know
it's not the only thing we're doing this way just uh just a thought rich drop by and he's got
the computer but it is not the main a it's not the only thing we want to talk about so there's
something else you know we had to call her about the youtube oh he wanted to hear the Elvis bits didn't he
okay let me uh let me play this in august if i can find that for him all right
wake me up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up
here comes the sun good day sunshine get up get up get up get up morning it's a beautiful morning
yeah
that's me in the morning
in accordance with the new FCC guidelines this station will broadcast material
characterized as indecence only between the hours of midnight and 6 a.m
the time at the tone 12 midnight
636 i cannot find the Elvis thing we're looking through all the cards here now now here's
something that says uh something this is from Elvis Jr let's see what this is okay now that's uh
that's that yeah this this is yeah that i know what this is
well you know we can be this is Elvis Jr
let me look and see if i can find him he was the Elvis comedy bit right what he said he was he was
like really in going here in any way he's probably why unconscious by now anyway but let me look
anywhere
Yeah, alright. Okay, I found it. Here's what he wanted. This is the Elvis comedy tapes,
which is something else I don't think Neil plays much anymore and that's what we're rolling for you this week alive.
You've bought his record, you've seen his film, you've even purchased the day glow velvet memorial paintings of the gas station.
As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all, but wait, there's more. Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations.
Yes, it's the Elvis tapes. Hello, baby. This is Elvis.
I don't want you to come over right now and make me a big peanut butter and never so much.
I'll be using the butter and then that is the one that will give me a two with the night.
Yo, here elders in his most intimate moments. All the piece of me a piece of me.
Yeah, this is the Elvis. Won't you bring over a couple large piles? Don't make it three. Don't make a sex double cheese.
Yeah, I'm hungry. I'm alone. And I'm hungry.
And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one true love of his life.
Won't you back? Won't you back in my life, baby? And I don't do way back. Would you pick up some donuts, please?
Make jelly cream donuts. Crullest G-Datest two. All of my baby honey glows donuts.
Without them I can't do the Elvis tapes.
Okay, baby. Give me. Give me. Give me more. Doors available now. We in the garage doors everywhere.
I love eat. I love eat lemon. I want to do. I give a big pot of spaghetti.
The Neil Roger show on say before.
Okay, the dolphins did win last night, Captain Dave, right? Yes.
Oh, it's a score. 2321. Okay. The redskins tried to win the game in the last two seconds with a 67 yard field goal.
And even if the guy would have been 30 yards away, he would have missed. That was a terrible kick.
Okay. So the dolphins won. Yeah. All right. Okay. All right. Broward County. Hello. Hello. Hi.
Hi. How you doing? Fine. Neil. I mean, look.
Now it's all right. You can call me Neil. I feel honored that you do that.
When? Yes. I went to the Melty Pot finally. Oh my gosh. How was it?
Oh my god. It was so great. This guy. I guess he must have heard the show. Uh oh.
But he let me have all the chocolate I wanted. Are you serious? Oh my god. I mean, yes.
Oh, you told him who you were? No. But I took my sister to dinner. Uh huh.
But all she kept saying was, oh, she's a chocolate maniac. She's a chocolate maniac.
Uh huh. She said, you're okay. Hey. I'll give you any. You want?
Uh, well now you are a chocolate maniac, aren't you? Yeah. Yeah. So you had a good time.
Oh, I had both kinds. It was so great. Yeah. What was your favorite? What do you think you liked the best?
I don't know. How do you like the fruits? Well, whatever. I personally really enjoy, you know, um, dipping the fruits.
Why does they hold banana? The whole banana? Yeah. An entire banana? Yeah. Oh boy.
But I was kind of disappointed there, but he let me have a hold on. Oh, you didn't want just the little I see.
I didn't like those. Uh huh. And I was at my store the other day. And this guy was with, we were just kidding around.
We went shopping. And this woman, she came up to me and says, because he was talking about chocolate.
And she said to me, you're the one that's always on Zeta 4. Wow. And she said to the mind, I'm five feet tall. Uh huh.
And this woman stands around five eight. And the guy she was with, I swear with more.
It's not around six foot five. Wow. And I'm like, I'm going to die.
Because she had such a stern look on her face.
There's something in her basket and pulled out the tertiary syrup. And she just started talking to me. It's really wow.
Um, obviously, everyone, this is the chocolate syrup lady or just chalky. Oh, or can we just call you chalky?
Chucky. She pulled out a thing. Now, tell us again, she pulled out a big bottle of chocolate of Hershey's chocolate syrup.
Yeah. At first, it looked like she was going to kill me. And then her, I guess her husband or whatever, but her name is Sandy. She listens to you.
And she just grinning at me. And she looked like, I mean, I was going to end up five feet under.
What, what, what do you think you did that bothered him so much? Just the way you thought?
But I didn't. That's just the way she looked. Oh, I see.
But she just smiled when she pulled out the Hershey's and she just started talking to me.
Okay. We're going to put you in the computer. Just curious. See how you come out in the, in the actual computer. Okay?
Okay. Now, how much do you weigh?
135. Put in 135. 5 feet. And she's 5 feet tall. Now, let's see how this comes out.
I don't know how you can stand up straight, my dear. He says he doesn't know how you can stand up straight.
Okay. Browseye says the computer says, I used to lift weights.
38. The computer says 38. Okay. Now, breastfeeding, you go up a couple of sizes. So that would be right.
So it is right. In other words, you're saying. Are you saying it's correct?
It's probably. Otherwise, we're 40 feet a long time.
Uh oh. Yeah. Members, she told us this last week. She's a 40-D.
There are some people that like this because I have a friend that's only 5-4. If she weighs 120.
Okay. Now, we're going to put her in the computer. Okay. Well, we're going to see what this comes out. Okay.
5 foot 4, 120. How much comes out to 35? 35. No. No. I mean, she's big.
Well, 35 is nothing to sneeze at, so to speak. Her cup runneth over.
Oh, she's as big as me. Is she really? Yeah. Well, you guys are must be exceptions to the formula.
I don't know. Well, my whole family's like that. Oh, are they? Yeah. You inherited it.
Uh huh. And John there. Mm hmm.
You sure? Do you know someone from she, John? I used to work there a few years ago.
You used to work at she? I was up to three years. Yeah. He was the one that invented.
Didn't you invent psychedelic days? Yeah, psychedelic Sunday.
He invented psychedelic Sunday. That's his claim to fame. He invented the psychedelic Sunday.
Okay. Um, are you okay? How's your? How come you're up so early this morning?
I always get up early to listen to listen to us do whatever we're doing here.
Oh, I really like you. So you have you've gone against the formula.
You know, all we tried today, everyone said it's correct, but you seem to be an exception for some reason.
I don't know. I have to send a bra to you to prove it, but.
Well, oh, and Josh, somebody that listens to your show from another station.
Right. And can I say good morning? Sure.
Okay. I promise I won't say anything wrong. Okay.
And tell me if I get out of line. Go ahead.
Okay. Good morning. This is the chocolate syrup lady coming through your lives through the airways.
Yes, it's time to get up here. Around me to pull the covers off.
Oh, looks like you're already up. Well, let us go and take a shower.
Not yet. Well, just remember, when you turn on say to floor, you're turning me on also.
Not bad. Not bad for this hour of the morning at all.
Okay. Are you okay? Are you okay?
Yeah. I think I'll, I think I'll be all right.
Okay. We'll talk to you later. Okay. Bye. Bye.
Yeah. Um, John.
Yeah. So you were a chief for three years. Yeah, like 79 to 82.
Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Who was the PD then?
First Neil Merzky and then Fox. Oh, sunny Fox. Sunny Fox. Yeah.
You mean a guy? He's not. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy.
He's a nice guy though. Actually, he's not. I mean, he won't take your calls, but he's, he's pretty nice guy.
Yeah. He's been here and I met Sunny. He was on one of the AEM shows we did over the summer. He's a real nice guy.
In fact, he introduced me to the greatest chips I've ever had in my entire life.
No, I'm not a chips guy per se. You know, I'm not really into chips, but Sunny had these wine kettle chips
that were incredible. Did he steal those back in the old days? Boy, they were.
No, he's been most of his time at the saddle up down the street there on Davey Road. Yeah. Yeah.
That fits in with all the stories I've heard about Sunny. Okay.
647. We're gonna have to take a break in a second, but before we do, we were sort of on this Elvis thing
and we have our Christmas message from Elvis first.
And now, here with a special Christmas message, the immortal Elvis.
All lucky, like a member.
This here is the king.
I know I haven't been around for a while, but I want y'all to know what up here in Rock and Roll Heaven.
I'll be thinking of you, but it's Christmas. And I'd like to give you all a special Christmas message.
A message of peace. Like how about a little piece of that tie going by.
Thank you.
I'll go back.
Rock and Roll slam. Christmas is a time of hoot.
Time of joy.
A time for love.
And I sure would love it. Thanks for the last speech you got there.
I can't. I can't. I can't.
No more worry about it. Oh yeah, Christmas.
The Christmas to me means family. If family means friends, the friends means getting together.
And getting together means eating.
I'll pass me that drumstick. Which please.
Well, like it. I'm going to rest.
Now, I just want to say to you right now, you know, I may be a big star.
Maybe too big, but ain't nobody's so big. You can't reach out a helping hand.
Or a helping hand.
Oh yeah, hand me a helping.
Those my data's over there. Which I believe.
Like it. Like a remodeling.
Now, like I was playing with. Ain't nobody so big. You can't.
Stoop to help a friend of me over the holiday season.
Speaking of season, you won't pass me that soul-sucker when you get the chance.
Like it. Yeah, just just those scruly cover. That's right. Like I don't know.
So let's Christmas. Why don't y'all take a tip from old A.O. Lawrence.
Now, now, I'll leave those staked-gets right where they are. You know what I mean?
You know, I appreciate it. Thank you.
I want you to remember, we're all part of God's great big family.
And you know, God made man into his own image.
And look at the mirror. I have to say God must be a big, big sinner we're going to be.
You know what I mean? I like you, dude.
But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing.
And y'all of whom is Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the tree.
Save a big, big bowl of a cane. Extra butter, what am I? I like you, dude.
I like you. I like you. I like you.
Good morning. It's 6.49. I'm day for three down here.
What's happening? I'd like to get my own chingles.
Is that possible to do? You're on jingle?
I mean, for this week, baby, change the D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-
The FAA is handling the investigation as spokesman says anyone convicted of interfering with the air safety system can get up to 99 years in jail.
A Miami schoolteacher scaled a 145-foot telephone tower and declared he would not come down unless the city gave him $8 million for the poor.
Police say they spent four hours trying to talk Norris Barker, a former US Army officer, into descending.
But Barker responded by demanding a press conference in the sky.
SWAT teams finally removed him from the tower. Police thanked camera crews who showed up, though the news representatives say they didn't even turn on their equipment.
Now here's this guy in jail. What do you think he hears this on the air? He knows that he was duped like that.
You know, why does that remind me of the episode where Beaver was in the giant coffee cup up on the billboard? Remember that episode? You don't remember that classically, but to be her episode?
This is all the way the teacher would look to me, you know.
You know, actually I thought the fake medical helicopter crash was kind of reminding me of Beaver at a coffee cup. I don't know why.
It's down to the final week before Christmas and retailers are looking for help from Santa to boost holiday sales.
A spokesman for Kmart, the nation's third largest retailer says he expects the season to be satisfactory and not as depressed as people had anticipated several weeks ago.
Sales had flattened after an encouraging Thanksgiving weekend boom.
Really? For people like me that do their shopping 24 hours before Christmas they probably got mine.
I did mind over the weekend, Dave. It's real busy. I don't know what they're worrying about.
I'm waiting for a couple of days. I got mine done. I'm real happy.
Well, if you're planning on doing some shopping today or this week it's going to be pretty mild. Partly cloudy and mild today with a high of 80, low tonight 69.
Increasing cloudiness tomorrow with a high of 82. The outlook for Christmas should be partly cloudy and mild later on in the week.
Currently it is 73 at 652.
