Right.
Hello.
Hello, gentlemen.
Yeah, I got you.
Things like Miami is amazing.
Isn't it?
It is.
Real quick, I know you guys are anything to show.
I'm married to a...
Gateway to insanity.
I'm married to a...
So I'm not prejudice.
But a couple of points to ponder.
One, the Cuban Americans that are in this country that are fighting like crazy to free
cash to a really butcher carpet baggers like Jose Mosa, who is grooming to be president
of Cuba.
But these guys are going to all go back there and make millions and millions of dollars
on the Cuban people.
I say if the Cubans are schooling on the Cubans and Cuba, let the Cubans dictate their own
where, their own direction on where to go.
And let's keep that out of it.
I think it's a good deal what we're doing now is for us to continue.
Okay.
Great day, guys.
Thank you.
Let's try Pomano.
Hello.
Hello.
Do me a bear with you.
Oh.
Don't hang up.
Don't hang up.
I want Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I think the whole thing is getting really out of hand.
Somebody nobody cares when the Haitians were.
Yeah, it's getting out of hand right now.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Well, sure, you got sweet.
We have one.
Exactly.
Let's try to have the yellow.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
I heard it's on today.
The Cubans are going to block the Pomano.
Yeah.
1230.
Yeah, 1230.
What's the point of that?
I mean, what do they think?
They're going to lift him barbell because they block everybody else.
They're going to be able to do it.
Everybody else in town gets a.
You know that there's a problem.
No, no, not to know that there's a problem.
We get everybody else pissed off.
That's all the accomplishers.
Well, yeah.
To break the law.
That's something better than to do something.
And the problem is not with Cubans with traffic.
Okay.
Let's go.
Are we straightening him out?
Exactly.
Let's try.
Come rock by and tell him.
Let's try.
That was Edie.
I mean.
I'll be goddamn.
We got him.
Let's.
Oh, yeah.
We have yellow.
Longest lasting dickheader in a history of time.
Padelka.
That's right.
Yeah.
Right.
Oh, there's a good call.
That's profound.
This is kind of like politically screenless.
Let's go to Hollywood on a mobile.
Hello.
Hey, bus.
Hey, I hope that 1230 can play in America by Louis Miguel.
That's good.
Yeah.
Nice.
That's good.
That's good.
Let's try.
And this is it.
All the lines are open after this.
Miami, hello.
Yes.
The way you live very Cuba is to get rid of the arudges.
There you go.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
Alright.
Copy that.
This is the great co teams, gobierno i, as we are going to be coming up.
And appalling with, what's sorry, my mom in here?
What's the secret for you, Ohio?
you know i'm american said i was born and raised in the country
okay and i'm really set up with it
and i'm not the only one that's that up with it the white american for all
set up with it with a white american a black americans are fed up with it
there's planes leave it every day
i understand that there's planes leaving every day and they should be putting
them on them
if they cannot
listen to what president clinton says okay what are government that
okay then they should be supported
but are you know the government's been saying for the last 30 years
hey come on over yeah yeah right i don't know why we change our mind
but you know another thing is is i want to find out something okay because we
want to form our own group
yeah okay call wwco with all we want our country
well we'll be looking for all great okay i mean m.e.shafer nice hearing from
me again
well hello hello yeah
yeah so i think ladies we're coming up to the top there we'll just let you
fade out okay
okay you're faded out oh is Neil
you know they're finished i shall call back to be back
he's still on that she's for she's busy with warming wind and this one so i have a great day everybody
on the stool on her too i think yeah
oof i've seen something like you get out but i'll push it here still
hey we're out of here
hot eels are really
when Neil speaks everybody listens with limbal talks nobody cares news talk and entertainment
radio 610 wiod my m a fort lotterdale
the sum with the energy
nonca edges and pop in
in a soy milk
okay
news talk entertainment radio 610 wiod presents the Neil Roger show
to talk with the old call 751 wiod in date
524 wiod in broad outside the three oh five area code
it's all free 1 800 944 wiod
and say you the one customer can call pound iod at no charge
now the new Roger show a news talk and entertainment radio
610 wiod
ok
技
Long you've lasted the bay of pigs should have worked
Fiddle you make me sick get out of Cuba quick
You are so goddamn rich you amigo son of a bitch
Baseball we didn't know you like are you behind the strike
Where were you in 63 did you kill Kennedy?
More than more than more than more than more than more than more than more than more than
There will be the embargo Cuba will become another
Lago USA USA
We're turning all the raps and boats away
You check out
We just can't use you you've been around way too long
I
Strow you ugly past
How long you last the bay of pigs should have worked
I'm happy they'll be sick get out of you back quick
You are so goddamn rich you amigo son of a bitch
Baseball we know you like are you behind the strike
Where were you in 63 did you kill John Kennedy?
What day what day what day what day what day what day what day what day what day
Get out now in your nation are you in your nation
You will be in the embargo you will be coming to the Cigarro USA
USA
We're turning all the raps and boats away
Lucy
Lucy
Audio seer ghost okay 10 on 9 and WID happy Wednesday to you and of course neurotic repetition here we go again
As long as you live in Miami man just wait a little while wait about five minutes and the same old stuff keeps popping up over and over and over again
And the sad part of it is that the poor bastards those of us who live and work here were the ones that have to put up with the fallout and we got no control over any of it
That's the really sad part but all you know the good part of this thing is it brings out the best in everybody
Notice that all the old redneck start calling especially the women I mentioned that yesterday and I was driving home listening to Phil
I have never heard so many female voices on this radio station since I've been here never ever during a hurricane during the Gulf War
At any time I have never heard so many family of voice a lot of old redneck ladies a lot of Hispanic women a lot of voices
We've never heard before I think the word I'm looking for is one dimensional right?
Let's have a little diet tribe about bilingual as much hook up with Sandy Peyton and do a two girl show today how's that sound?
So anyway, it's kind of interesting though that this protest that took place in Washington yesterday within just a matter of moments
Miami date commissioner Pedro R. what is this guy's name?
And Lincoln Diaz Balardt a self-appointed deduces back that they were arrested in a little way in handcuffs and released within two hours
Because they were conducting an illegal protest
Civil disobedience at the Capitol of course we've already had people trying to kill a president and flying helicopters in the White House
We had terrorism in Oklahoma City so they're a little bit nervous needless to say about crap like that
So how come it is that when people here are going out in the middle of the highway blocking off the roads of this community
So they can disrupt and inconvenience the other people who live here who've got nothing to do with this problem how come they're not getting arrested?
So I think that if anybody who's like basically even in the most general sense a law-abiding person who has a little respect for other people
I think you ought to be asking some very serious questions of the FHP and of the Metro Dade Police and of anybody else who's in power in this goddamn town
As to why they're allowing this crap to go on it happened two days ago?
And from what we understand it's going to happen again today
What happened on Flagler Street yesterday without one jackass did Park Discardament
How come they couldn't arrest him one guy
And that went on for a hell of a long time
They should have maced him
You said that I said that jackass how come Ilya on a record?
Ilya on a record
Where was Ilya on a record?
I'm watching remember what they said at Attica
In some language it's what they said it's an Al Pacino said
So anyway these must be the dog days
So anyway like I said any of you assholes out there who are planning on the time of the Palmetto or any other goddamn road
Shame on you and shame on the police here that don't have the politicians who don't have the balls to take all these people away in patty wagons
And tow away their cars and like you know we store a little bit of sanity to this community
There's not a goddamn thing that the people like the people on the Palmetto need a little bit of extra grief right
Like there's going to be a traffic jam on a Palmetto
What a concept that's your unusual like they need a little bit of assistance right?
Little extra helping hand
And I'm going to say it again I don't want to hear from no 18 year old punks calling about the goddamn Bay of Pigs
That took place like double your age and that's how many years ago it took
35 years ago their experts on the Bay of Pigs, okay
We've led over a million Cubans come into this community not in this country but into this community in Dayton Broward counties alone
In the last 35 years we're taking 21,000 more from Guantanamo that everybody was up in arms about
We sent 13 back and right away
Oi!
And my favorite call of the morning was that one bitch that was going on with Rick and Suds about well you know Clinton
This is just to start
Clinton is starting with a Cubans now now he's going to go after every group in America
It's just a matter of time
We'll all be in camps in time for summer
Nice going lady makes a lot of sense to me
Because if you want to make politics out of it I'm going to tell you right now
If slick willy if Bill Clinton opened up the door wide open as far open as it'll go
And said okay everybody from Cuba that wants to come in you come in right now
We'll take the entire population and we'll spread them out and we'll feed them
And we'll give them green stamps and blue stamps and green cards
I'm going to tell you every every right winger in this town was still vote for whoever ran Bob Dole
Phil Graham did ol boy Jesse Helms any right winger they can find
So it's got nothing to do with politics that's just a guy they'm excuse
That's just another way to justify your right wing anti social fascist views
But let me ask you this question like I asked yesterday we had 12 years of Ronald Reagan and George Bush
Who made every kind of lie and every kind of promise and so and just sucked up all that money out of the Cuban community
Every time they came here to mind me by the way those fundraisers
How come Castro's still in there baby we had a regular Reagan forgot why he's still in there
And Bush he's too busy trying to get the rest of his family to got some his foster elected
He don't have time to monkey row with crap like that
So anyway it's going to be a real beautiful list like I said look at those brow lines
They don't care they're insulated everybody else is on a phone but not in Broward
524 WIOD how about those leafs?
All right now let's talk about something important
How about those sharks in those maple leaves?
1014 at WIOD it's the Shell Oil Company sweepstakes you can play and win right now at your nearby shell station
Every month you can win a brand new car exotic vacations, cruises, a sea-do watercraft, gift certificates, shopping sprees, free gas from Shell, valuable coupons and a lot more
And it's easy to play just stop by your participating shell station and pick up a free game card
Or you can use your existing shell card shell fleet card or shell master card
Stick whatever shell card you have in the shell sweepstakes kiosk
Just stick it right in there and see what you win that's all there is to it
You can be driving a brand new car or be on your way to the Caribbean
There's a new sweepstakes and new prizes every month including a new car
So stop by your participating shell station often
The Shell Oil Company sweepstakes going on now at your nearby participating shell station
Everyone is a winner at Shell
No purchase necessary complete sweepstakes rules are available at your participating shell station
The Shell Oil Company sweepstakes play and win now at Shell
It's the XX10 WIOD
Make it all your blood rust here in King Leap Farts
Get out of here Spencer we'll send you back where you came from
No, sir, seguir al baño, o darle cuerta a mi reloos
That's what Spencer says, okay 1017 at WIOD
Let's have a real good rational conversation here today, right?
Oh boy, here's Miami, hello
Miami
Hello Neil
Yes sir
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, what's going on today?
I don't know yet
Really?
You tell me
So what is this guy they call the finger man?
What was he talking about yesterday because I caught the tail end of it yesterday?
I'm still trying to finger it out
Really?
Yeah, I think it had something to do with Rutger Howard
Oh really?
Yeah, in other words, take a look at the French fry before you stick it in your mouth
You think he's for real?
Always take a look at that finger before you stick it in your mouth
Do I think what's for real?
Him
The finger man, oh yeah, he's for real, all right?
You believe him?
Absolutely
Really?
What do you mean do I believe him?
You don't know what he's talking about so I don't understand the question
You can't understand what he's talking about how can you disbelieve him?
All right Neil
Have a great day, Paul.
Thanks for your great call.
We have an open line indeed.
There's a good call.
North Miami, hello.
North Miami's gone already?
Okay, like I said, we have two open lines indeed.
751.
Here's Virginia key.
Hello.
Good morning.
Buenos dias.
I drove to Key West and back yesterday and walked crossing Ramrod key.
I found out that some finger dissolution out for the Cuban crisis.
While crossing the Ramrod?
Well, I was going to call you but I didn't know you were 100 number.
Okay.
What we should do is anyone today you got stuck in one of these bloody traffic blocks.
They're better not be any traffic blocks today.
You know what I mean we should get up.
Well, I'm not going to wait a minute.
Let's slow down a second.
Yeah.
First of all, people have already announced alleged that they're going to block the Palmetto.
Okay, at 12.30 and at 4 o'clock and we're there in rush hour.
Now, if the people in law enforcement have already been alerted to the possibility that this could happen,
they should be ready to deal with it and if they're not, then there's something really God damn wrong.
They should start answering some questions real fast.
To quote a great person, IEU.
Is that news?
Yeah, right.
Well, I think we should all get up tomorrow at 6 and block.
All the roads going in and out of Halea.
That way, we can see how lots of people are going to Halea.
Well, I know, but then we can stop them from going in and play self-suffent and give them a best turn, miss.
Okay, brilliant.
Okay, I'll see you there.
Oh, geez.
Here's a pepper pine.
Hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yes.
The hell with the traffic jams, let's talk leaf hockey.
All right.
Oh.
What a great game.
You saw it?
Well, yeah, I tuned into an X2.
There you go.
And with a man with a brain and a big satellite dish.
Now we're talking.
I tell you, feel it to the cat.
He was bringing last night 40 of a bowl.
Who says he stopped the penalty shot late in the game when it was too nothing that could have turned the game around.
He stopped the penalty shot.
He was phenomenal and the hawks are on the away due to a disappearing again.
Like they do in the playoffs every year lately, the hawks do a vanishing act.
I think Chicago and Calgary ought to be on the same boat.
Calgary, there was another great game.
I saw the ass end of that game.
So I got to tie it up right at the end there.
Four or four, they go in overtime and a shark.
So when it, I might actually have some highlights from both of those games.
Go sharks.
OK.
But I tell you guys, if you can get by Chicago and maybe squeezed by Detroit, you guys are on your way.
What do you mean squeezed by Detroit?
Well, I think I'd be right.
They don't play, wouldn't play Detroit.
They would play the winner.
I believe with the Vancouver St. Louis series.
Well, I'm saying.
So go can I.
How about that, Bob L. Burri?
I saw a lot of that game last night too.
Did you see that movie?
Louis blowing a tune out and leading.
Bob L. gets a break away and goes in there and the sticks are right past Curtis Joseph.
It was a beautiful thing.
Well, a deep, little time to go.
Yeah.
OK, Neil.
OK.
Have a great day.
See you.
Little did see, dude.
I was playing goal earlier tonight, but Dowsie does have a short-handed goal.
For sure.
Ball and outfit.
Breeze and Miller, Raffty and Ozilir.
And the players can't play and it's losing by the guard.
Off-guard and Winston.
So weird.
How do you like that?
Jalio shoots it right back in.
Jalit around the boards.
Go hop on the ski but does come outside the line.
And now Hope gets chased.
Benoit home.
What I'm wanting to see her.
Nichols.
Nice defensive play to come back.
So the Ridley scores.
Mike Ridley was 6.8 seconds left.
Here on the second period.
Well, it's on me.
It believes it.
Again, D.B.
X-row did it yesterday.
Or something.
Excuse me.
And Mike Ridley on what looked like a nothing play.
The puck's bounced into the neutral zone.
And then it is taken away by Ridley.
And he pulls it past.
Jalio shoots and swaps it from a 21-feet out.
Gilmore and Smith go to the boards.
Andrew check up with it.
So he's out of the penalty box.
Steve Andrew check it for some of these players.
Great lead.
Andrew check to some of these.
Leap 72 nothingly.
Oh.
Yeah, let's get our eyes on the important stuff that's going on life.
And quit being so god damn one dimensional.
Like I've always said that.
And no matter what the subject is, I always believe in that.
People who are strictly one dimensional.
And like that woman had called Rick just like a quarter to 10.
And I was asking her about Chetney and about Afghanistan
and about all these other people who have, you know,
with the Soviets, with all of their firepower,
with all of their main power, with all of their resources.
And somehow those people have managed to, especially in Afghanistan.
And even in Chetney and other, I mean, it's just miraculous.
What's going on over there?
And yet, oh no, we got, we need a little bit more help.
We need its Bay of Pigs.
We need somebody else to do it.
It ain't going to happen that way.
Okay.
Somebody else ain't going to do it.
10-22 at WIOD.
Think about all the things your mom has done for you.
Like giving you a bad headache.
Remember what she let you borrow her car, even though she really needed it?
Your mom did things for you 365 days a year,
like wiping up that mess off your bottom.
And what does she get in return?
Just one day.
Mother's Day.
So this Mother's Day, this Sunday,
give mom something special.
Of Vermont Teddy Bear, a special spring gift basket.
It's a great way to show mom how much she really means to you.
While you're ordering a Vermont Teddy Bear for mom,
don't forget your wife is a mom too.
She's a real mother.
Where do you think your kids came from?
Oh really?
For new moms, Vermont Teddy Bear has a mother and cub set.
If your wife's expecting, get her a pregnancy bear.
Let her know how great a mom she's going to be.
Call 1-800-829-BIRB-E-A-R.
1-800-829-BIRR and get your mom a gift she really wants.
A genuine Vermont Teddy Bear.
Instead of the same old candy and flowers and the stupid crap,
give her something really unique.
You'll get delivery on the day you want.
But don't wait until the last minute call today.
1-800-829-BIRR 24 hours a day,
and give mom the gift she'll cherish for her lifetime.
She might even let you borrow her car again, but unlikely.
For Mott Teddy Bear is called 1-800-829-BIRB-E-A-R.
I never thought I'd have mom anymore.
6-10-W-I-D.
What is it like?
A chantalide?
A picking hood?
If it was a forneal, we'd never get to go home.
Yeah.
Whoah!
Come on, baby!
Come on, oh my God!
Don't tell my boss.
I love Gohendry.
Artigling.
Artigling.
Brilliant.
That is a step up from Walmart.
Tell your eyes, oh, these are real amelons.
This is them, W-I-O-D.
No facts.
Just our opinions all the time.
Can I insuminate you?
Red hamster.
Hey there, rodent lovers.
March is all you can eat. Weasel month at Red Hamster.
There's hamsters on the road.
With three tasty new rodent flatters.
There's deep fried veal mice.
Peel and eat muskrat.
And of course our world famous hamster melt.
Scamicky bacon double cheese, weasel plays and the whole of hair.
And our flatters are always fresh.
Not like those other rodent places.
Because we keep them spilling on the wheel,
right up until they hit the fat.
Try our tasty roadside pizza.
Press from the highway to your table in minutes.
It's good.
And don't forget dessert.
We have some chocolate chip on cookies.
Yeah, and I have a hot apple pie.
I have a mold.
I'm not.
Red hamster for the road is never new.
Red hamster.
On Main Street across from TurboKey.
1027 at WIWD.
So we're gonna solve all this.
I don't know.
Let's go to a pepperpines.
Hello.
Hello, Nioh.
Yes sir.
I only believe in you for like six months.
My wife turned me on to you.
And I'm gonna say that you are absolutely hilarious.
Hey, absolutely correct.
Okay.
I used to be the best, but now Jeff DeForest is the best.
Bill was the best for about two days, but now DeFo is the best.
Okay, they listen.
I wanted to talk about something that reference to the,
the kids, I mean the humans, the way they've been acting.
I've been a pork for 14 years.
And we have gotten to specific instructions.
Specific instructions, not to what?
Not to touch these people.
Not to do anything to them at all.
Isn't that nice?
Exactly.
In other words, in other words, if Bob Green takes his little Jeep out there
in the middle of the goddamn pometta with 1230 going to lunch,
and just decides to park its sideways and block off a couple of lanes,
you're gonna tow his Jewish ass off to jail and throw away the key, right?
Well, you have to consider something.
Who's in charge of the city?
Julios.
The exactly.
Right.
They're running the city and they're telling us what to do.
So hey, we have to march to their feet.
Well, what kind of crap is that?
In some other words, we don't live in a democracy.
We don't live in a land of laws.
We live in a land where we have different laws for different groups of people.
Is that what you're telling me?
Neil, you're absolutely 110% correct.
Well, that's not a bulletin.
Right.
Well, that's, in other words, you can honestly tell me for sure that you've been told just the hands off.
Exactly.
Not to bother them because even if the audio is set on the radio.
Mr. Odeus?
Yeah.
Say Saur Odeus, yes.
He said specifically on the news yesterday.
Say Saur Mos Odeus.
That this is a peaceful protest and not really doing anything.
So let's just say.
It's a peaceful protest when people go out in the middle of the highway
and they block people off and back up traffic for miles
and cause people to be late and disrupt everybody's God damn life
and cause people's radiators to overheat and ruin their cars.
That's a peaceful protest.
I think.
If these are Odeus, wouldn't they be peaceful protest if they stuck it up his ass?
I just want to say one thing.
You know, pandering jackass.
There are a lot of Latin officers that I work with.
Yeah.
And they are plenty pissed off and it's hitting hot.
It's getting humid.
And eventually they're going to take the wrong person off.
And I'm going to tell you that some sparks are going to be flying eventually.
Isn't that being a long hot film?
Just what we need.
Okay.
Thank you.
I will.
God, we're not in the nation's heartland.
Okay.
And great day, pal.
Because the only tear of course is in the heartland.
That's what Rick Sanchez says.
We have an open line in Broward 5249463.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I have a QA inspired report.
Yep.
I was.
I worked nights.
So I was slipping together.
You know, the scores of all the games last night.
Yeah.
And two year old punk from Buffalo is on there.
And they're saying, well, thanks in LA.
And then he goes, look, you know, the other guy was saying.
And he goes, yeah, I lay with all the fruits, you know, the fruit
word I OD guy from my OD hangs out with a fruit friend.
Yeah.
And then he goes, and then he goes, what a homo's know about hot.
Yeah.
You know, so not much.
Well, obviously he doesn't know who you are.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Paul coffee.
See what he knows.
Why is it every time there's a few numbers?
Yeah.
Why is it every time that somebody wants to like, you know, downgrade you?
What did they say?
Because that's the only shot.
They can't say that the show sucks.
They can't say I don't know what I'm talking about.
So that's the only comeback they got.
And basically what I hear, there are a bunch of faggots over there anyway at QAM.
That's what Jay Heiler told me from Channel 7.
He said, if you ever go over to QAM, whatever you do, hang out of that soap tight as helmet.
Well, at least Jay Heiler put it on a rope.
At least Jay Heiler got this in the gear.
He knows his bag.
Yeah, sure he does.
And Rick Sanchez.
Have a great day, amigo.
Okay.
Open line of day, 7-5-1.
So they started right off the van.
That's a good way to get your head up to Gacky's ass.
I wonder if he's got eyebrows on the inside too.
Let's do a South Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, they all have something semi-intelligent to say.
Well, that would be a first on this station, yeah.
I'll tell you what this Cuban thing means to me.
I was driving on the way to work in the Palmello.
I was hoping to God that it wasn't going to be in any of those traffic incidents.
Yeah, I couldn't imagine being late to working guys.
Well, in this ad like a nice new chapter now in the history of Miami.
Now, not only do we have to worry about getting shot, not only do we have to worry about getting run into by somebody with a beat up.
By one of those mini bus drivers.
But now we got to worry about whether we're going to be on just the wrong road at the wrong time.
That a bunch of discontented screw balls decide to block it off.
Yeah, I don't care what they do.
And they have a right to free speech.
I don't care what they do.
But people over there at the airport, the people at the airport, like Rick and Sudge went over there this morning.
That's fine.
If you want to protest, you want to go on a hunger strike.
If you want to have a peaceful demonstration somewhere.
But you've got no right.
Nobody has got a right to disrupt the whole town here.
Neil, once President Clinton makes some type of a judgment like he did.
You think he's going to go back and reverse it no matter what anybody does?
Of course not. That's totally ridiculous.
Well, he never changed his mind.
Right. That's like Willie.
He looks like a asshole.
I did.
Anything he's going to do is going to make a look like more of an asshole.
No.
Neil, I love him.
Well, he's sure not going to do it because we got a bunch of people.
You know, he's in Russia and we got people screwing up traffic on 836.
I'm sure he's very impressed with that.
He could care less no matter what they do.
They're there.
They arrested the commerce person right here at Lincoln D.S.
The All-Art douchebag.
Yeah.
That's so stupid.
It's always the time.
He's not going to change his mind.
You know, like a big enough pass, why is it?
I want to say it again.
We've taken it over a million people from Cuba.
We're taking it in all of the 21,000 plus from Guantanamo.
That everybody was all up in arms about how unfair it was that they were being detained.
And now we sent 13 people back.
And right away, we've got people carrying on like it was the end of the world.
This is not right.
We can't afford to have any more people.
We don't have to.
All of the oppressed, all of the starving, all of the desperate people from all over the world, man.
This country is going to be finished.
It doesn't matter where the Cuban hash and the corrupt.
It doesn't matter.
But we just can't afford any more.
We just can't afford any more.
Where are we going to put these people?
Send them to Texas.
Send them back to New York.
Send them someplace else.
I love it.
Send them up to North Carolina at Jesse Holmes.
Okay, have a great day.
We have an open line.
In day 751, you said he loves me.
Let's go to Haya Leon, a brown line.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes sir.
How are you sir?
Okay.
I'd like to make a few comments on what's going on with the Cuban.
Yes sir.
I'm Cuban.
I came here when I was 10 years old.
I came on the beautiful Mario Polis.
Okay.
I support the US 100%.
Okay.
I'm a US citizen.
All right.
I feel that nothing is going to happen from 90 miles away.
Okay.
No matter how hard they protest.
I heard one guy call Rick and said this morning talking about the Berlin Wall.
As though we're like right next door.
We're talking about 90 miles.
We're talking about all kinds of countries in the Caribbean.
We're talking about Mexico, which is right on our border.
We're talking about Central and South America, where there still is tremendous injustice,
and where there is massive starvation and unemployment.
I mean, there are all kinds of problems, but because it's 90 miles away,
it's supposed to mean it's like right next door.
We've got a responsibility to take everybody in.
That's a bunch of bull crap.
We can't do it.
Well, it's mainly, you know, you're hearing a lot of it here because we're mainly
a Spanish or Hispanic population here in Miami.
But you hear a lot of it here and you know, you're closest to it.
But what the thing is that if we're just going to allow for capture
the dictate what we do, okay?
We already let that do it.
And we already let every one's.
Every time we get a little heat on the collar, he opens up and that's everybody else.
Yeah.
All right.
Now, I appreciate your opportunity and the chance to make over here and make up,
make something of myself and have a life and have a freedom.
Yeah.
But I believe, I strongly believe that the Cubans that came in the boat that spent
the Cubans that have been coming over here, if they had to stay where we were,
okay?
But we would have stayed there.
We have to blow up.
Now, you can't compare Russia and all the other places because it's like a military war with them.
In this case, they don't have the weapons, they don't have the arms,
they don't have the strength to go ahead and go.
But somebody has to do it.
And just like in every war, hundreds and thousands of people die.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Thousands of people die.
It's not going to happen from here.
You got to get some balls.
It's puffs.
You're going to see a lot of people die.
I'm going to say it again every time that Reagan came here, every time Bush came here
when Jesse Helms was here a couple of months ago.
They talk a big game, all these right wingers.
They tell Cuban people here everything that they want to hear.
They had 12 years in power.
They had every opportunity under the sun to get cast throughout of their
area to invade Cuba to make that an important part of our foreign policy.
They didn't do it.
It's money.
It's money.
It's all about money.
Yeah.
The world is a business.
Yeah.
It's all about money.
That's what you have to invest in to make it a worthwhile place.
Well, let's get Marlensky back.
He knows how to do it right.
Have a great day, amigo.
All right, buddy.
See ya.
Yeah, I'm going to tell you something that really disturbed me.
And of course, you had a lot of ass and I called the last two days
because there were a lot of emotional people and other stupid people.
And you put that together and you got a lot of crap.
But there was one kid that called and I do mean kid.
He said, I don't know, maybe he was 18, 20, 23 at the most called Rick this morning
and he was going out about, oh, we just need a little more help from the Americans.
If the Americans were to, and I'm thinking to myself, this kid is speaking
perfect English.
He was probably born here.
What is he?
Why is he talking about the Americans as though he isn't one?
See, that crap has got to stop.
I am so sick and tired of hyphenated human beings.
We got African Americans and Cuban Americans.
How come we don't have like Polish Americans?
How come we don't have Russian Americans?
My grandparents came from Russia on one side, pulled them on the other side.
Does that make me a Russo-Pol-Bolak?
What does that make me?
Oh, fact.
No, seriously, what does that mean?
All these hyphenated people.
Can't win the program, baby.
This country's got more God than problem than you can shake a stick at.
You can't even walk the streets in this country.
Even in the medium sized cities anymore.
Without fear of getting shot by some lunatic.
But we're supposed to invest all of our energies
and we're supposed to get all wound up with everybody else's God damn problems.
It isn't going to happen.
And I'm going to say it again and I know it's not going to change anything.
But we had one wise guy called here yesterday.
You never know whether people are serious or not.
But now I'm hearing again today that the next thing that they want to do today is type the Palmetto.
All you're going to do is alienate more and more and more people and piss everybody off.
And people are finally going to say, they're going to get so fed up.
They're going to say, hey, go back where you came from.
Screw you, okay?
We don't care.
What you've done, we don't care.
What you've accomplished, we don't care what you are.
We're just sick and tired of you're disrupting the community because you're selfish.
Selfish is the operative word, okay?
I didn't see these people protesting or sitting in the middle of the highway when they were sending Haitians back.
I didn't see that when the government announced that policy.
But of course, Haiti, we know that the Aristides are real liberator.
We know that they never had the Tantan McCute.
We know that they're not slaughtering people over there.
We know that they don't have political prisoners.
Right.
It's a 1038 at WIOD.
There's only one way to buy diamonds and that's from certified diamonds and the sea bowl of building in downtown Miami.
There's a WIOD.
You're not necessarily those of this station or its sponsors.
All WIOD programs are copyright 1995 by WIOD Incorporated and may not be recorded or distributed without prior written consent.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When you're tracking through the Gulf of Mexico and a king with plenty of your closest friends,
the last thing you want to concern yourself with is engine trouble.
I've been working on this for a long time, but I'm not sure.
And that's why you need the one motor oil that prevents the high-biscocity thermal breakdowns frequently incurred in today's smaller outboard motories.
Castro.
Castro works hard to keep your outboard motor going and Castro comes with a 90 mile one-way guarantee.
Hi, WIOD.
I'm here with Castro Motor Oil.
You'll see across those shark-infested waters, Trouble Three.
Yeah, well, all right.
Well, almost Trouble Three, Castro Motor Oil, engineered for today's smaller outboard motories.
1043, a WIOD.
I was just thinking during the break, you know, about Israel, for example.
There is a whole segment of the Zionist people, which my father was one and probably still is Jews who are obsessed with Israel.
Now, I'm Jewish and I don't give a flying crap about Israel.
In fact, people are always saying, why do you go on these trips? You go to Europe, you go to Rome, you go to Amsterdam, you go to Berlin, even you go to all these different cities.
Why don't you go to Israel?
Why do I want to go to Israel and be surrounded by a bunch of crazy Arabs? Why do I want to go there? For what?
It's a desert. If I want to go to a desert, I'll go to Vegas.
Okay? I'll go where I can have a good time and be safe, as opposed to being some kind of a martyr.
I have no interest in Israel. It doesn't cross my mind like at all, each day. Okay?
So people are just like obsessed, obsessed. The best thing that could happen to the Cubans in this town would be if they were all moved.
I'm not talking about this in a drugitory way, but I'm talking in terms of the future.
I'll move to Seattle. That's a nice place. Whether it's not so great, or maybe how about where's the weather good? New Mexico.
Weather's pretty good there. Albuquerque.
A lot of Cubans in North Carolina already. And create some distance, man. That's what we need to some distance and stop with this hysterical obsession.
You can't live in the past. Start getting with the program. If you're here, you've got to be a part of what's going on here.
But hey, that could have happened. Here's a highly on a powered line. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Good morning.
I'm afraid of the good. Someone you guys shot. Sure. And we get people getting shot on the road everywhere, maybe because they parking around space or something.
You can just imagine what if they get enough people pissed off with this. We're going to have a real mess out there.
I was down 4.93 yesterday when the fight broke out. This guy jumped out of the car and started firing out.
I don't believe him. He wasn't going home. Yeah. This is not the right way to do it. But as far as I'm in addition to what's the guy that was getting hassled, he can't do anything about this.
He's not going to go over there and kill Castro. He's already told us right. Why do we think we should do?
We got to see we can do something. That's American troops. Perhaps keep us over there. What about writing?
I don't want to see any Americans lose their lives over this. Yeah. I don't think no one would see that either.
But you got to think that Castro has some poor risk country because you know.
Because they act. They act. They act. They don't have interest there. They act in time.
These are the guys are. Because we had interest there. That's right. That's right. There's no interest in the government. That's that is correct.
And that's why they like. Why do you think we went into Vietnam? We didn't go in there because we were concerned about injustice.
We went in there because of the Catholic church and the entire remember companies and because of special interest, because of dollars and cents and because of good old power.
That's what that was all about. You're nothing to do with freedom. And the same thing happens a couple years ago.
I got four. Why do we go there? Where they kill and babies? No. We want to be the oil. No. I know. That's it. Three letter word. You got it.
And the shame is American troops. The world is a business. Mr. Beal just keep that in mind. The world's nothing but a guy damn business.
That's right. But I'm afraid that these protests go to the end of the day. These idiots in the expressway. They want to go home.
Very pissed off. How is well? You know, I don't know if you heard that guy that called before that. Parker that called it. He said they got instructions to leave all these and a case.
Yeah. That's just what we need. Man glad that he called because I have no doubt that that's true. And if that's the case, the rest of the people in this time better start screaming about to the politicians and better start screaming to the
parkers. This is got to stop. Well, I say that we if they want to protest, if we I'm probably have to keep a hose born here, but my parents are keeping. Yeah. But if we have to protest,
take it to watch where the people can hear you or take it down to Bayfront Parkers somewhere where you're not going to like this.
Disrupt the whole community and piss people off. I'm a hero. Stop. You know, you know, get their attention to the air, but not through the expressway. This is going to turn.
Hey man. Okay, pal. Hey, thank you. See you to open line of power. Five to four one on the purple line. If you have selling to one, if you're out there on the highway, if you're out there in the highway,
get off of there. Okay. Just get off there and pull over where it's safe. Pound I. O. D. Yeah. We already got chaos in this town. And I said yesterday, and I really mean this. This town has been battered and brutalized and abused.
That I, you know, when you've lived here long enough, I've been here 20 years and it gets old. You get tired of it. The whole town being just beaten up and disrupted because this one's pissed off and that one's pissed off.
And this one's everybody can be pissed off. There's enough injustice in the world to get everybody pissed off 24 hours a day, seven days a week nonstop, round the clock, round the year. Okay.
But don't take it out on people who have first of all who didn't create the problem. And secondly, who haven't got the ability to do anything about it unless you're stupid.
1048. I said stupid and right away, animal looked up. 1048 at W. I. O. D. I. D. a lot of motorbid truck accessories. The ideal place to find the accessories you want for your truck. All you truckers out there.
Ideal has the largest, the most complete land of automotive truck accessories. They will be anybody's deal on bedliners. They got software. This largest inventory of bedliners over 2000 stock and starting at just 169.95 install.
They got your toolbox is sliding rear windows running boards and thousands more accessories in stock. Ideals 30,000 square foot warehouses stock with everything at wholesale prices.
Camper tops and vises for four mini trucks painted to match and installed rear spoilers for most cars, bug shields and tail light covers in the hottest styles and best prices.
Ideal is where you buy direct from the guys who supply the dealers at wholesale prices and they guarantee you that nobody's going to beat their price or selection. Find out for yourself by calling ideal at 1-800-621-6464.
1-800-621-6464. Come by at 701 North 50 set Northwest 57th place in Fort Lauderdale. Ideal automotive truck accessories. They'll smash anybody's deal to a bloody pulp.
W. I. O. D. We know you listen and we've seen your little black book too. So what else is that mean? I don't know. 1051 at W. I. D. So here's how come nobody's called in about Ron Achois column in the hero.
I'll tell you why because nobody reads the goddamn hero. Thank God for that. Here's Norm Kance push in there again. It says the judges are in place for Monday nights. Soko Ed Krakow is the boxing grudge match between WFTL Radio host Norm Kent and Cliff Dunn.
It's a pansy off to benefit the heralds holiday swish a wish book WFTL program director Nick Lawrence.
A station general manager Lou Cron and psychologist Michael Brennan will judge the match from ringside and I'll be in the ropes says Ron Ishoy as ringside referee trying to stop the below the build punches.
Oh, there'll be a lot of below the build activity of those two are in there. The supervisor of the judges is you above. It says the match at Krakow's bar in Fort Lauderdale will take place about 11 p.m. between other boxing amateur bouts and tag teams of women.
Well, that fits the tag team of women part among the undercards. We would love to see but that we won't for Lauderdale Mayor Jim Noggle and Commissioner Carlton Moore WFT Radio host deal Rogers and Wayne Heizenga.
So Wayne and I are going to hop in there. Maybe in our tights and our pink leotards going to be a beautiful thing. Take this at face. Here's a Miami. Hello. Niel. Yes, sir. I think you're missing the boat. So to speak a little bit of.
I never got on the boat. OK, I prefer planes trains cars. I was born in Cuba and I came to this country in 1974. Now I'm American. I'm not Cuban American. Yeah, American. But I'm still not ignorant to my roots. What does that mean? Your roots because you say Cuban Americans consider themselves Cuban Americans rather than Americans. I'm American and let me let me tell you something. I totally disagree with what the Cubans are doing.
And blocking the streets and all this and the expressways. I think that it is a totally stupid action and the only possible reaction that they could get negative. How am I missing the boat? I think where you're missing the boat is the reason for the frustration.
I don't think that they're doing this because 13 Cubans were returned to Cuba. If I could probably at 70% or more of the Cubans that are here don't want any more Cubans here. OK, because number one.
So what are they doing before them? The reason is the frustration of the hypocrisy and the lies. I'll tell you why the Cubans that are here don't want any more Cubans coming here. First of all, it is left in Cuba over there now because of communism. And it's all a generation that has been born with communism.
It's people communism killed in this. So what you're getting here is people that are not used to working are just looking for hand me down and the Cubans that are here that have been working don't want any of these Cubans coming here.
So I'm still so what's the frustration about you keep talking I missed the boat. They're frustrated. But you're not telling me what they're frustrated about.
The fact that we think that Clinton has been dealing behind the backs of everybody with customs something that you say you keep on saying about Reagan and Bush that they didn't they cast off but they didn't deal with him at all either.
And somehow they feel that there's dealing behind the backs of everybody.
So in other words, this is just like the woman that went over there in Kispedil on a cheek the author and right away because she did that we got to give her death threats.
Thank you. That's what we've been saying. I'm not always generalizing on his show. All I'm looking for is people like you who are willing to say that yesterday we expected to hear that.
What we heard was a lot of bull crap from Millington assholes including one guy who says one young guy is going to go out there and his truck today with some of his buddies and block the palmetto like it like it's an outing at the beach or something like it's a Sunday picnic. You know, it's something to do.
There's an easy solution to this and for years the United States has been saying that they've been putting economic sanctions against Cuba and then they're dealing with other countries like
through Nesta with Mexico that then deal with Cuba. The easy solution very easy is just for blockade of Cuba. Let the people in their revolve because when nothing when there's nothing coming from other countries, the people in their will revolve and get and get slaughtered and get a lot of them hundreds of thousands of them.
Yeah, like has happened in every other country that has had to stand to communism. And then. So why does it take a blockade to do that?
We keep hearing that people are starving already over there. They keep showing us all these pictures on Channel 7, especially this and the reporters over there and keep showing us that the you know the food supplies are very short and that the health care is bad and all this other crap they keep showing us.
And so so what why is it? Why is it our responsibility to do that? I don't understand. There's no responsibility. I don't want one American life to be shed. I just don't want the hypocrisy of it bouncing ourselves like the defenders of human rights.
Whoever said that where Clinton was over there yesterday in Russia, they're celebrating V.E. Day and he's over there shaking Yeltsin's hand at the same time that they're over there killing people in Chechnya.
You got it. Listen, man, you got to understand this is the real world. If you're going to be an idealist, you talk about frustration. You're going to want to blow in your brains out. You got to deal with the real world the way it is. Not the way it ought to be.
This is the real goddamn world like it or not. And most of us don't. All right. Okay, but have a great day. We have an open line of dates. 751.
And of course, they did not attend the ceremonies where they were operating around with all the weapons in Russia there because that would have been bad and it would have kind of like dignified what the Russians are doing in Chechnya.
Like what they did in Afghanistan. World is a slaughterhouse man. It's going on air be worth. That's just going on in Cuba.
And that woman had called us morning and I asked her about Chechnya and about all these other goddamn places and about the terrorism that's going on in Mexico about citizens that are being tortured.
They did a long piece on CNN International when I was on vacation about all they have all these old torture devices like from medieval times. They've got those cranked up again in Mexico.
So try to be a political dissident there but God forbid all those people that are pouring across the border all those shleppers all those and of course this all goes back again to the Pope.
But anyway, that's another story. Let's just keep making a lot of babies and creating a lot of chaos. That's what the Pope says. Just keep being a baby making machine man. We don't care if you're starving to death.
We don't care if you can't find a job. Just keep making those good old babies. Here's a point in beach. Hello.
Thank you. No good. Good. This guy every day so weak man. So we go find a life. Okay. Going away with Hank. Going to look with Hank. Okay. Here's my me. Sure. Hello.
I'll be quick. That's almost half the hour. I made four phone calls just today. One to city. My P.D. One to Metro. One to the highway. One to the States of Chinese.
Yeah. City of Miami wouldn't talk. They wouldn't answer anything. It was like talking to a dead. Yeah. Metro said it wasn't their problem. It was a city of Miami. Right. The Florida highway patrol said they had made two rest and the state attorneys off the set. Well, there's nothing that they can do until the rest is made.
And I tried to point out that as far as I know, there's a 20 year jail sentence for non-feasons of the law. When you deliberately and willfully see as a police on the law, be unbroken and don't do anything about it. That's non-feasons. And that is against the law. And when you get out there on the street and do things like that, that's inciting to riot. That is also a felony. And it is going to be a humans are well healed when it comes to the law.
And I think that's the reason why you're going to be the guy you watch and say this thing that can accelerate as they claim it will. That's going to be the next thing to shoot out on the highway.
Okay. Well, I'm sure you'll be right there in the middle of you be the judge innocent guilty or the news talking entertainment oil.
So, 610 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale. And say the one customer can call pound I O D at no charge. Now, the new Roger show, a news talking entertainment radio, 610 W I O D.
I am an orgasm just driving down I 95.
Well, I wish they were in the land of Castro. These Cubans are such a half a go away.
No away, float away, keep a man. The sanctions may have ruined your country. Blame the valve for being a coming away.
Roll away, float away, keep a man. In a van I wear you were born. Please say, please say my am is full of your unboys. So please hear what we're saying. Go away, roll away.
Roll away, down south the Cuba. Go away, roll away. Roll away, float away, down south the Cuba.
Love it. I was seven at W I O D. We have an open line on the purple line pound I O D. If you have said it to one one on a green line one on a shirt,
true line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. Is this Neil? Yes. Neil. I'm I looked. OK. Listen, I've been waiting for your long time. I'm sorry. I want to tell you something. Yeah. OK. You know, I wanted to discuss the situation with the Cuban demonstrating and everything. Yeah. Which I think is great. OK.
How did I guess? Go ahead. Well, I feel that you know, they should have stayed in their country and fought for their own country. Yeah. OK. If they're going to do it over here and fight President Clinton in our government,
why didn't they do it over there with Castro? Yeah. You know, I mean, they claimed that nobody could get a gun to shoot Castro. Yeah. But you know, we have people that are fascinated all president. Yeah.
With a bunch of secret service men around. And you know, I'm going to say, you know what I don't like? They're supposed to be demonstrating. OK. If they're demonstrating,
they should be in the side of the road, not launching the traffic. Yeah. OK. Amen. OK. Have a nice life. Here's a lot of day. Like tell them. Gone.
Waterdale, lakes is gone. Open line of day. 751 one and powered 524. One on the purple line. Sell you to one pound. I would be we pay. Here's a dear field. Hello. Yes.
Let me say it again. Yes. Hi, Cooper City says dear field. That's close enough. OK. I'm subject of the Cubist. I don't like that. A couple last year,
you were saying, you know, that, well, let me start over here. You're not going to renew your dolphin season tickets. Right. And last year when they were having the
let to see things, some whiners called and said, I don't need of it. If you don't get your tickets, I got to claim on them and get in and out.
He was going on and on about it. And now you're saying I'm going to get them. What? What do you mean he's got to claim on him?
Fat Rich has already got him. Nobody's got any clue. He's going to see the guy though. Wayne said, if you can put a claim on season tickets.
And not if somebody else knows tickets were never in my name. They were always in somebody else's name. So they're not going to get him. He's not. Don't worry about it.
I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it
I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it
The messed up 망 equals what this what in this room is by people who want to be killed and so on is funny, but we're looking up on social social people like you,men or other people listening who are believing movies, you're looking up on Corey Wells Foreman, you're looking� based bedroom, you're looking up next Subscribe i spent a lot of money on them, but you've got to
And you gotta find out if you have credit all the time. You get energy of not fooling away, pretty You get the ultimately I think, like, you know what, you wanna be interested in your new years as a guy. That's true. Cannot be deja vu about that you gonna be a Покаấtler Flying Hermitman어씔asta or morals Angel fox on Av 계속. that's true. It was 100 times a week, hmm I think I'm trying to remember because of
even over there for two days.
I think I'm making bothers out of people.
You know, the kid.
So, in other words, what you're saying, what you're saying is that we have to be held.
We have to let a, sir, do you want to have a conversation that you just want to ramble
on?
What you're saying is we have to let a handful of people dictate the quality of life in
this community and whatever they do will sit back in power because we're afraid if we
do something about it, a lot more people are going to do it.
That makes a lot of sense.
Yeah, well, unfortunately, you know, that's like I said, I'm glad I grew up from Broward.
Yeah, well guess what, we're coming up to Broward to get your ass.
What an idiot.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Two things.
Yes.
First of all, there is a double standard here, two law system that's violating our constitutional
rights and we should sue our, do a petition on a recall and get those people out of law.
Yeah, hold your breath.
Now, if anybody gets killed there, they should be held responsible for an accessory to murder.
Yeah.
And secondly, they need to start checking people's papers and get rid of the illegal.
There's too many illegal down here and they're throwing all our benefits.
Yeah.
So that's all I have to say.
Okay.
Open line of dates, seven, five, one.
See this whole business about illegal aliens having rights.
That's, I don't want to get back into that again.
I mean, it's just insanity.
It doesn't go on in any other country anywhere in the world.
And this is one of the biggest flaws with a whole so-called immigration policy, which we
don't really have one.
But it's insanity.
Basically, what it said, it's like a big message.
It's like it in a bullhorn and bouncing to the rest of the world.
Okay, if you get here, even if you come in illegally under any circumstances, right away
you got rights.
And that's what got them pissed off in California and that proposition 187 out there, which
to me is one of the most fascistic things I've ever seen because it affects kids.
Like, oh, well, you can't go to school.
And what that does, of course, is force people to become desperate and just escalate crime
out just skyrocketed.
So the idea that illegal aliens have inelienable rights is a potable crap.
But hey, that's America for you, man.
It's 1113.
And let me say it again, any country that can't enforce a sane immigration policy can never
be a great country.
Like Don Corleone said, a man that doesn't spend time with his wife and family can never
be a real man before he smacked him on the push.
And nobody said it's 1113 at WIOD.
You're in for another week of excitement and fun this week at Pompo, no part.
Yo, D.
Hiring people with a wild look in their eyes.
Not a no, but you know, in La Punta.
Sure, you're a fat homophobic racist.
But hey, don't despair.
Now there's an extremist way to lose weight, introducing that you can and you step into
the oldies.
Let's ride far, right third, right.
Come on, let those legs.
Please, Mr. Buchanan, we're going to burn off before the presidential race even begins.
presidential race.
Hell, brother, I'm built in a super race.
Come on, limbaugh, straighten that high, dessert.
Get those knees in the braids, dessert.
Yes, now you can start the insanity with Pappy of Canon's goose step into oldies.
Ask for it by secret answer.
Hey, Newton said the Pappy of Canon's e-gort and Liddy over there to fan and straighten
the whole thing out.
What do you think?
I don't know.
It's 1116 at WIOD.
Here's a call from Orlando.
Hello.
You're new.
Yeah.
How you doing, guy?
Okay, guy.
How long you been in the business about 24 years, right?
About over 20 years, right?
85 years, yeah.
That's great.
Yeah.
Yeah, you remember all over the day.
Kind of a dumb call, is this.
This sounds like a really dumb call to me.
No, Bob Lasser, who's called up.
Yeah, okay.
Bob Lasser.
Let's go to a crawlgabel.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I'm on my way to work this morning and I see a bunch of human protesters right here in
the crawlgabels.
Um, threatened student ties.
You think they're going to be a little bit civil?
Um, they're up there at the start of the road.
It's green, you know, Viva Cuba, the whole bit.
Yeah.
And, uh, my problem is that these guys look extremely educated, well dressed in student
ties, which doesn't mean much.
But anyway, they're there shouting, swearing.
Um, my wife is swearing.
It's just, just swearing like a full thing.
Miami is not helping America.
It's not helping how to, you know, leave us in a lurch like that.
Not helping what?
Exactly.
We're bringing another 21,000 in Cuban refugees from Guad-Tonimo in here.
They don't think it's enough.
Oh, I see.
But this is, how about if we just bring everybody over here?
Well, this is my situation.
I'm an American, um, American male action American gay male.
Um, I have great respect for the Cuban heritage and Cuban people.
But what I don't like and the same like the same reason I don't like it in gay men is
how offended it is.
I believe that anything that's offensive and if they get on this bandwagon, you don't
like what in gay men?
Well, this whole, this whole queen movement like the top beach surge of those that offend
the homosexuality offensive.
Oh, you mean talking about people like go out and march up and down and drag and then
can't be a, yeah, I agree with that.
And those people are an embarrassment.
Exactly, but this is how I'm now equating them.
And they create a stereotype, which is exactly, you're right.
That's exactly what these people are doing.
Right.
And that's why I'm saying that's why it's imperative that other Cuban people in this
community, which I hope is the overwhelming majority who don't go along with people
like block in the streets and disrupting everybody's life.
It's important that they open up their mouth and speak out against it.
But deal, that's what's till we were now because these guys that I see in Coral Gable,
there seem to be, you know, pillars of the time.
But how many of them are there?
I saw about 15, 20.
So what does that mean?
Well, it means that they're starting now a group of people that I didn't think would
actually get on the bandwagon.
So if you saw if you saw Pat, you can and Gordon Liddy and Bob Dornin, all dressed up
and suits out there, they looked like pillars of the community and they got lots of
money and they're driving big expensive cars.
What is that proof?
Exactly.
But luckily, hopefully there's only a handful of them.
Well, I mean, that's the scary thing.
I mean, I didn't think I would see it from that sort of group.
Well, it isn't.
You got a fanatic, you got fanatic people in every segment of society from the
upper to the lower man and everywhere in between.
I am right.
Well, let's just hope that Miami government or some sort of people that have sent in
here just stick to the cause and not for the issue at this point.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
See you.
Which up open line of day 751 to one of the green lines.
Boy, I tell you, we sure we sure value those green lines.
Thank God we put passion bones on here so it can really expand that whole
of bank of green lines.
1 890 444.
We don't care.
And bokeh and West Palm, etc.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Morning.
Morning.
You believe the city of Miami is what is going on?
Yes.
Outrage.
I can't believe that a handful of human citizens half of which part can take up
American citizens time.
People that are delivering things trying to make money.
Yeah.
People are ambulances that are trying to get dying people in the hospital right?
Right.
I mean, the city has let these people shut the roads down.
No one's going to jail.
Bull crap.
Sick back.
I mean, you know, when the city got a bunch up like you would say and take a stand.
It's not good because there is nobody here.
It's got the political courage to speak out against this.
A scared crap.
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean- I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean- I mean, I mean, I mean- I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean- I mean I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean- I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean you'd be just for- you know what?
is help cut down on you.
Yeah, right.
OK, that's your buddy to G man.
OK, brilliant.
A real genius.
We have an open line in the green line 1-800-944-9463.
Here's Hylia.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
OK, sir.
I am a Cuban American.
Now it was born and raised in American.
There we go with that hyphen again.
Well, I'm a little bit worried.
Where the hyphen amigo come on.
Lose it.
Let's put your rhythm in.
You're an American.
I remember you.
You were right.
And I was born and raised in this country.
I was born and raised in New York City.
And I came.
My parents came here in 1940s.
And I came to the Florida 1981.
I came from where from New York?
From New York City.
Yeah.
I don't you go back to New York, you want bastard?
No, no, not guy.
OK.
Anyway, I think that the behavior of the Cubans here
is very embarrassing to a lot of the other Cubans that
are trying to make something out of themselves.
I think they should just go on with their lives,
become American citizens, and productive members of society.
You know what really bothers me the most
is we go through different.
We keep going through these phases where a few years ago
by, I mean, like after Marielle, and everything kind
of settles down for a bit.
And then something like this starts up again.
And opens up all the old stories from the past,
and all the old red necks and the hate mongers
start coming out of the woods, and all the ultra-right wing
old Cubans start coming out of the woods.
And just stir up all the crap again.
It's absolutely great.
How do you say?
Well, it's the third world mentality that they have.
And when you have a third world mentality,
the mentality like that, there's no criteria for communication
because they don't know how to communicate.
They don't know how to do this yellow screen.
Yeah.
And it's to their old room, oceanally.
They don't know how to communicate.
They don't mandate.
They try to mandate American foreign policy, which they can't do.
I think they should respect the fact that Clinton did what he did.
And it's not.
Well, I've always said that the city of Miami
is the only city in America that's got its own foreign policy.
But it's true.
It's true.
You know, and Cubans doesn't even
be able to sustain a government for more than 20 years.
I mean, here's the United States.
They've sustained the least of government for 200 years.
And they don't even see it no gratitude on their part
because if it wasn't for America, they
wouldn't have their homes.
They wouldn't have their families.
They wouldn't have their jobs.
They wouldn't have their food stamps.
They wouldn't have their government benefits, government housing.
And prior to 1959, they never had any welfare in this country.
So people like Lincoln Diaz-Balard, who is a
strut ultra-right-wing Republican.
All he's doing is using this as a political tool.
That's all.
That's right.
And let me tell you, even so the foreign is even
curved and modified laws for Latin American speaking people.
You can get a driver's license in South Florida.
You're not going to speak a word of English.
Not a word of English.
All these examinations and those driving
schools is all in Spanish.
We have treated him a wrecked apartment for 30 years.
And all of a sudden the American government makes a decision.
And all of a sudden it's all, it's the third Roman calendar.
I think another thing is that Clinton should address this issue
that the government has let them know that this is what I
decided and they should respect this decision.
They have a right to protest, but they have no right
to disrespect America.
OK.
Thank you.
See you.
Open line in the Broward, 5249463.
Here's what is it?
Hollywood on the Purple Line.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Yeah.
Same thing about the engine.
Can't hear you.
I'll keep you from going all this guy must be on his speaker
thing.
OK, speaking to that thing with the holes in it and the phone
too.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, me.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm a Jamaican by birth.
Yeah.
I'm an American now.
Yeah.
OK.
And what these humans are doing is totally irresponsible.
Yeah.
I was caught.
I was caught in the traffic the other day.
I'm telling you the 836 was met.
Yeah.
And I'm surprised someone didn't take a gun out and start
shooting.
Well, if this crack keeps up, that's
what people are worried about because you know this time,
man.
All you got to do is look at somebody cross side.
And that's it.
Yeah.
And I was watching the news yesterday.
And this guy, this blocked the pal met her in a 49th
street.
And this guy got out of his car and he started punching
the crap out of them.
Hey, you know, let's face it.
The guy wants to go home and these people in the road
and they're lying down in front of the cars and all
that stuff.
Yeah.
I would just run straight over them.
All right.
We need some help.
OK, pal.
Hi, I knew it.
Good luck to you.
OK.
We give you a lot of points.
We have an open line at day 750 on the green line 1-800-944.
Here's a marathon.
Hello.
Marathon is gone.
I know.
Need to speak to me.
Yeah.
How you doing?
We're at phony accent.
Speak to me with a phony accent.
Yes.
Gone already.
OK.
It's gone already.
It took him forwards.
We've discovered he had a phony accent.
And he disappeared back into the marathon.
We have an open line.
Was that does the Hoffman open line at day 751?
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, I listened to your program on and off.
And today on the way home, I was listening about this Cuban
situation.
And I respect your opinion.
I respect everybody else's opinion.
Let me start by saying that I am American born here in the US.
My name is Rita.
Right.
And my parents are Cuban similar to some other guy
I said called earlier.
What I don't understand, maybe you can help me with this.
I've seen throughout history here that like the government
here in the US helped pay tea.
Like when they have a problem, you know, and overthrow
whatever government they have there.
I don't understand why they're like that.
We overthrew the government.
Yeah.
I think you're going to stretch it.
Whoever's over there giving them hell, you know,
as the governor.
Why don't they do this with Cuban?
When all the hastings come over here,
what have we been doing with them?
Even President Reagan, what do you do with the introduction
program?
They intercepted the votes and sent them all back, right?
Right.
Yeah.
Well, you know, I can understand what they're going through.
And I particularly, I respect my mom's opinion and my parents
and everything.
But I realize that there's a lot of people here.
I think that maybe they should let them in and, you know, up in
the US somewhere, move them up.
They should let them in anymore.
They should let who in?
You know, the Cuban, everybody.
Or help them at least in some way with that government, because I
see like I was telling you earlier, they help all these other
people.
Like Katie has a problem when he waits.
They had some crazy guy over there.
They went over there and they had a war.
Now, why don't they have a meeting?
No, wait a minute.
They had some crazy guy over there and Kuwait.
Yeah.
And why do you think we went over there?
That's what I'm referring to.
Why do you think we went there?
How much oil do they have in Cuba?
Well, I don't know.
That's what I was talking about.
Well, that's why we went there.
That's why we went there because we had economic interests.
I mean, big ones over there.
That's the only reason we went in there.
And you said some crazy guy.
You mean Sodom Hussein?
Yeah, sir.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, I take my opinion and that's what I call for.
Have a great day.
Yeah, cool.
Ah, like I said, man, a little education is a scary thing, especially in the US.
We have an open line in power.
It's 524-1147 at WIOD.
It's the Shell Oil Company Sweepstakes, speaking of oil, baby.
You can play and win right now.
You're nearby Shell Station.
Every month you can win a brand new car exotic vacations, cruises, a seedoo water
crap.
WIOD, you don't need an IQ to call.
That's a good thing.
How it's banned.
What the hell is going on?
You want to look like a rabbit?
You got a lot on the scene.
Make the girls scream.
Skin that's on the one hand.
It's 16.
Yeah, I want it.
It's a beautiful line.
I just find all my life.
It gets expensive from girls.
They stroke his pearls.
Never touch a behind.
It's 16.
It's beautiful and it's fine.
Oh, man.
It goes crazy when it's bad.
When it's bigger, it's better.
Yeah, when it's filled my hand.
It touched my chest.
Oh, when it blew.
It ruined my best to gain out of my dreams.
And into my life.
Oh, how it makes me feel fine.
It's 16.
It's so beautiful and it's mine.
Okay, let's go to WIOD.
And we're going to sell all these problems right here before noon today.
And we can cut the crap and go back to being barbarians.
Here's Hollywood on a purple line.
Hello.
Neil, Wayne must be stupid.
Because he's just about as arrogant as they're getting down there.
Give him an inch.
He'll take a mile.
Great.
Good call.
Let's go to West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, this is really kind of simple.
I'm excited.
Truth.
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
You're chronic.
Get out of here.
We have an open line on the purple line.
I don't want to talk to no chronic studio.
Okay, we got actually some people that got something to say today.
Most of which don't make too much sense.
But let's give it a rest.
Okay, with you, chronic.
That guy just kills me.
That's stubby junior junior.
Here's Miami Shore.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Okay.
Love you so.
Yeah, I don't know.
Why the hell these Cubans don't think that they deserve special treatment?
I mean, I don't get it.
I mean, the US has, you know, we don't think...
What about Annabelle?
Did you come in off of Pell?
I didn't come from that.
I was born here.
Yeah, but where are your parents come from?
Well, my parents were my mother's from Haiti.
My father from Haiti.
Yeah.
He came here legally now.
In the mid-century.
You came here illegally?
Trace this college, George.
What?
I said, I hope you have a great day.
Okay.
We have an open line in date.
751 on a green line.
1-800-9.
His parents came from Haiti.
Yeah, right.
With Desi Arnez, no doubt.
Here's a market in Carmen Miranda.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I don't understand why these Cubans are...
Here we go again with these Cubans again.
Yeah.
See, if you really believe that I'm going to sit here and listen to this swill for the next couple of weeks.
Well, I'll get a few more.
Your treatment, man.
But the problem is...
These Cubans, you mean the...
Which Cubans are we talking about?
All Cubans?
No, just the ones that are protesting.
Yeah.
No problem with the Cubans as a whole, but these are...
As a whole, how you spell on that?
H-O-L.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Okay.
But, um...
See, this supposed new policy is unpolicy.
Yeah.
That they have to apply to come here.
I've got a friend from Sweden who had a flying tree at a sponsor.
Yeah, but Sweden's not a communist country, man.
See, this whole thing, they keep going back to this damn policy that was adopted 8 million years ago, like in 1963.
And they keep talking about that over and over and over again, like it's in perpetuity.
Like it's going to go on forever.
Like we have an endless room at D in here, which it is not.
And the government has the prerogative of changing any and all immigration policies.
Anytime they want.
I know that may come as a shock to some people, but guess what? That's the deal.
Yeah, it's exactly the way it works, man.
Just to understand that.
Okay. Well, I don't understand either.
When you can explain it, call me back.
Open line of Broward, 524.
Little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil. Yes.
Neil, the guy said you can learn how to drive it's Spanish.
You can pass the test.
You can also wear such a boat that outgoing one word of.
Wait, is this Sandy Payton?
No.
The point is this, as you said, you're really trying to help out here this time.
The Allen Simpson has the bill up there.
Die's gal. Just call your conversation.
Has the bill has the bill to do what?
To repeal the Cuban Adjustment Act.
You brought it up again.
It died last year.
Yeah.
It died last year.
And this is the time to actually get it through.
I know the guys in the Congress people are not going to help out.
Stay, County.
This is a big problem.
But for those of your audience who live down there and Broward and Palm Beach, just get on the
door and phone.
And let me say one other quick thing if I can't.
I would like to really urge all of the black listeners to your station for even not registered
phone.
Both of them, yeah.
No, absolutely.
Really seriously.
Yeah.
It being heard a lot by people like Doe and Cambridge who are going gung.
Okay, listen, I'm just so glad George is going to send you over soaks.
You have a misadress.
You can stand out and okay, I know.
We have an open line in Broward.
There's you who want to make a political speech.
Forget it.
We don't do that on this show.
I'm not going to turn this into a goddamn political forum for all those you people want to play one against
the other.
The Democrats and the Republicans put them in a goddamn barrel.
And they all stink.
Okay, they all suck.
In fact, we can thank this president right now for the great resurgence we have of right-wing
fanaticism in this country.
Bill Clinton has done more to research his fascism in America than any other anybody I can
remember since Jimmy Carter, by the way.
And the problem is we have like a whole generation of people.
The only Democrats they know were Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton.
God help us, baby.
God help us.
And Clark Pepper, of course.
And walking lot with his pills full of his foot full of proza.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, me.
Let's call.
Thank you for the people magazine.
Okay.
All right.
Good call.
Open line of day 751 1 1 and Broward 524.
What are jackass?
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hail.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I just wanted to say this.
If you're not going to die, go down there and make any arrest.
We should just go down here.
Yeah, we should just go down there.
You go right ahead, pal.
You okay?
We'll arrest your ass.
So, guy, damn fast.
You will know what hits you.
Okay?
And be like Rumble Stiltskin.
Hop it up and down like a maniac in heat.
He's going to go on down there.
You're just another pussy on the other end of the phone.
It's all you are, man.
Big talk behind the anonymous end of a goddamn telephone.
Okay?
Talking into a bunch of little round holes, making big noise.
Okay?
He's going to come on down there.
He reminds me of that asshole from Loots that used to come around on S.U.N.
We're coming down there.
We are coming down there.
Yeah.
Come on down, asshole.
Here's a lady in Tania.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Yes.
I'm calling you in reference to the Cuban business.
Oi.
The Cuban business.
Thank goodness for nail.
I'm listening.
The Cuban business.
What the Cuban business is that?
Particles to guard.
The right wing.
The ultra right wing.
The ultra right wing.
The longest and fastest past row.
The longest and fastest past row.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How about Jesse Helms?
He's not Cuban.
How about Bob Dornan?
He's a fascist, Nazi son of a gun.
Yeah.
I was going to say son of a bitch, but I didn't say that.
Yeah.
Okay, you could say I've been listening to this 1978.
Good for you.
I love you.
I have.
You're the first one that is making the world.
I could word.
That's right.
That's what these Nazis have done.
They've made liberal authority work.
What else wrong with being liberal?
What the hell is wrong with being broad-minded and open-minded and compassionate?
Why does everybody have to be a goose stepping Nazi in America today?
What's that all about?
That's because we have the ganger reduce and they call it a map.
And the people who are just in a Bob Dornan's nation all rotten hell.
Amen.
Have a nice day and thanks, mom.
We have an open line in day 751 on a green line.
1-800-9.
You know how it is.
Here's a book on a purple line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, an operative Cuban Julio.
Yeah.
Why don't you put the asshole on an endless loop or else start to light me around and buzz out these assholes and call on his Cuban sub-sides?
Okay.
We'll buzz them right out, Pally.
When did that let's buzz them out.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Bueno.
Hola.
Toronto.
Long gone.
Open line in day 751.
Here's Coral Springs on five.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, do you ever get those air filters?
Did you look before?
No, I did not.
Okay, I get some for you if you want to hope you open those doors.
We mean get some for me.
23 and a half.
I'm 23.
Yeah, that's what where do you get them?
I tell them.
Huh?
I tell them.
Well, why can't you tell me?
Well, we're wholesale cups.
I can have them delivered over three days.
Well, that would be great.
Okay, hang on.
Now we're talking business.
Okay.
Hang on, amigo.
There's an important call on five.
He's got some filters from IAC and all this other crap nobody cares about this.
Let's get something for free, baby.
Or at least wholesale.
If you're going to be Jewish, at least get it wholesale.
That's what I always say, right?
Ah!
Exactly.
So, and they're all applauding in the other room.
They know where it's at.
And believe me, you can get a better beanie than that.
Okay, I can get one for you wholesale.
It looks a hell of a lot better.
I mean, a designer bean.
And that one, it looks like even a public toss.
We've had our DNA tested and the results are not pretty.
Oh!
News talking entertainment radio.
16 W I O D.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
