W-A-Y-N-E-S-U-C-A-S-T
Let's talk an entertainment radio 610
W-I-O-D presents the Neil Rogers Show
To talk with Neil call 751 W-I-O-D in date
524 W-I-O-D in Broward
Outside the 305 area code
It's toll free 1-800-944 W-I-O-D
And cellular one customers can call pound I-O-D at no charge
George just killed my diet
The Neil Rogers Show
A news talk and entertainment radio
510 W-I-O-D
Oh, Neil, my queen!
God!
Yeah, but wait a second
He lives on queer street
Linger's round on queer street
He has a house and garden
I would love to see what happens
Hases, toes and pants is monkey
Women close, they can look real funky
Just lick them
As the whizz whizz and knows what to do
He wants me and he
Don't you?
He lives on queer street
Near a door where all the creatures meet
I wonder what they're doing in there
He said he likes to just find
Now they're here
And if you know Jews, he's like I know Jews
He lives on queer street
Linger's a round on queer street
He has a house and garden
Yeah, and I'm going to tell you something right now
I'm going to mark it down
If Howard County would change their mind
and decide they wanted to build this facility
I will not play here
Lire
Because I will not hear
Lire, liar, bolts bought on fire
For the next 10 years
And here's a guy that said one thing
And went out and did say
Here's somebody that said
Talked that about sides of his ass
How do you like that
So anyway, somebody sends me a copy
Thank you so much
And a big minute envelope no less
Of the article which we did talk about
He's got a little tab on here saying
I didn't ever hear you talk about what we did
It was back in December
New times and it was a cover of things
Citizen Wayne, the unauthorized biography by Steve Alman
And speaking of Alman's, George just brought me
Thanks so much, I think
To this guy who sent all those nuts over here
I can't eat all those nuts
I just ate about 80 grams worth of carbohydrates
Screwed up my diet for probably the whole weekend
Just when I was starting to really get
Do it again
My blood sugar was 54 this morning
I was feeling great, I bet you it's like 354
Thanks George, why didn't you just take him home
I have to live with myself
Boy, could I say a lot there
Ralph Rotten's nut pound in Miami Lakes
Main street, Miami Lakes, great and great nuts
Ralph's got the best nuts in town
That's what the brainstem says
He knows his stuff in Miami Lakes
So my diet's screwed for the day
Thanks a lot and we have steak coming from the embers today
Which handcones a piece of that
I said I don't mind that you know
Because they have really good steak
I understand it just as long as he doesn't touch it first
Or the steak
So anyway this article some of the things that are highlighted in here
Which are really a bear repeating
It says it goes through his whole background
And at age 22 Harry Wayne High Pinger was
What can be characterized that a crisis point in his young career
His classmates from nearby Pinecrissed High were earning their diplomas from elite colleges
Slipping into comfortable jobs
High Pinger had done little but wander in the five years since graduating high school
Drifting from low-wage jobs to a brief stab at college to a hitch in the Army Reserve
A brief stab
He came back to Fort Lauderdale in 1960 with a newlywed wife
Seathing with ambition but without much in a way of prospects
He took a job selling trash hauling services door to door
Thomas Millwood however was not swayed by the sales pitch
A rejection that evidently caused something in young High Pinger to snap
According to a civil suit Millwood filed in November of 1961
High Pinger refused to vacate the premises
After using abusive and profanel language to both Millwood and his wife
The defendant High Pinger attacked Millwood in a fit of anger
And without provocation striking him on his face and body using great force and violence
Therefore inflicting great bodily harm and mental shock
The altercation left Millwood with a ripped shirt
Roken sunglasses abrasions on his push
Most painful noted the lawsuit was the permanent injury to the testicles and genital area
As a result of grabbing and twisting by the defendant
Oh he's got to solve by the nuts
How do you like that?
That's the best. Let me say it again
Most painful noted the lawsuit was the permanent injury to the testicles and genital area
As a result of grabbing and twisting by the defendant
Just lick him
The matter went to trial where High Pinger claimed Millwood had initiated or instigated the violence
The jury believed Millwood awarded him $1,000 in damages
This brand of prudent ruthlessness has in many ways propelled his stupefying rise from lowly garbage totor to the master of all he surveys
Master Bader
So anyway, last night I was mentioning this with Rick this morning and I don't know why I use all the great material on his show
But very seriously last night we went so far over the line
Wayne doesn't even have to feel bad about the screwing up the dump there so we let the F-word going on here
That is nothing compared to the indecent broadcast we had on sports talk between 6.30 and 6.50 last night
Even Todd Tungan from Channel 10 has never tung to anybody like what we had I'm going to talk about it at great length
I might just rip D-fo for next 3.5 hours
I have never heard such a spineless jellyfish ass-looking display in my life
Come on in on this show Wayne, okay?
Let's see what nice treatment you get here, okay?
Let's see how much I licky licky course it all depends on how much is in the bag
How much is in a little briefcase
12 minutes after 10 at WIOD
WIOD
Who's responsible for this?
The sisters, the devil or the FCC?
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers or any fight it and Hank Goldberg
OOOH!
Okay, it's 10.16 at WIOD and they don't suck any harder than Jeff DeForest man
I've always liked D-fo
I've always thought it was a pretty good guy when he wanted to fire his ass
I went to bat four, my cry, I carried on, I begged, I pleaded
I said to guys, you know, Jewish even with a phony name like that
He never stole a freight train, he drinks a little bit too much but other than that
You know, he's a good guy
And he is a good guy, he's just an ass sucker, that's all
And man, oh man, I get in the car last night, it's about 6.33
And maybe 6.35, so I may have missed the first minute or two and I can't believe my ears
In addition to which the technical quality of it, it's not only if you're both talking through a strainer
And it turns out he was out at Dolphin Camp and you know how great we always do these remotes
Well Wayne, let me ask you, where would you like me to start looking first?
I have never heard, seriously, such a tongue job for 20 minutes in my life
Even you put Larry King, Hank Goldberg and all the other great tongue liquors of America
It put together, couldn't have come close to this
And then I get back into car about 5 after 7, he comes back on after the news
And then now that Wayne is long gone, he's saying
Well, is there anybody out there who believed all that crap, he was saying?
Does the term Spinalist jellyfish conjure up any images in your mind?
Here is the golden opportunity, we had the perfect chance, the man actually got sucked into coming on this radio station
Which he hates like poison, except he does like D-fo now I understand why he must have called him Jeff by name
Like 800 times in the 15 or 20 minutes I heard
And just to sit there and let this man go on about the Sun Sentinel
And you know that it isn't true and just because they put it in the paper
I would never say anything to hurt my friends in Broward
And if they want to come up with the money in Yadi Yadi
And then in the paper this morning he's quoted as saying
Oh, anybody, you know Mickey and I talked and we're willing to put a deal
Miami, a Broward, we don't care, anybody, anybody who's stupid enough to put up the money will do it
And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down
If Broward County would change their mind, he's hiding one
He never said this, I will not play it
But you never said it
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying
Here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something
It was the Sun Sentinel, you know, and he never said it
Now we've played it on the year about 600 times yesterday and about 400 times already more today
And D-fo, I'm just, I am so dismayed, I am so, I just, I don't, there are no words to describe my discussed and disappointment
Okay, what we're going to do, save some of those nuts George
Because I think besides Rick Riley we found somebody also could use some
What would you like in it? You want to go to Potsky around with my log?
Yes, since when do you Potsky around with a log?
Oh, now she's graduated already, she went from accounting to continuity to traffic
And pretty soon she'll be taking a garbage out
And she's got a smile on her purse
You didn't even understand when they're being demoted, you know when they're being squeezed out the door?
Who's that?
The Burrito
Yeah, Dumb Burrito makes the big bucks, that's right
He gets to steal everything out of the dumpster that he can
Okay, where we going to Pompano on the Purple Line?
What just happened there? What was that? Pompano on the Purple Line? Hello?
Good morning
Yes sir, I wish you could come in here and see our space age equipment, it's fantastic
It sounds great out there
Just as I went to punch you up all the lines started rain boeing
I felt it, it was great
After a D-fo looked Wayne's ass
Did you hear it?
I didn't hear it, but I got in the car late last night
I was listening to the Marlins night
Can I tell you something?
If you would have heard it last night, you'd be in intensive care right now
But I can't say that
It was the most debilitating experience of my life
Well there's more to it
After the Marlins game last night, he got a death looked by two tongues on QAM
Oh my God
The boys, the boys were looking on
Maybe he's in intensive care right now recovering from all the burns
It was unbelievable
I'm telling you, it was like I was listening and I just couldn't believe what was coming out of the radio
It was like, you know, I can't listen to the person
It was coming out of the radio?
Of course, it worked
It was unbelievable, the two of them on QAM, the guy from Buffalo or whatever, those two morons
They were kissing a month and a half
Wait a second, why did you do that?
I don't know if I'm gonna be able to do that
But here's the copy right here, you're gonna change it?
Okay, okay, go ahead sir, I'm sorry
We have another little copy problem here, I know that's very unusual at WIOD, but go ahead
So they were kissing him up and down and when gets on there and he says, well that's, you know, the thing you just played
That's not what I said, he said they took it out of context
And then he said what I said was, and he said the whole thing again and then he had some little thing afterwards
And he said, and I wouldn't hurt my friends and Broward
And he said, Broward
And we'll tell you something right now and you can mark it down
If Broward County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility
I will not play here, okay?
Is there anything open to interpretation there you bald-headed Zid-Faiz Geek?
Well, what he said after that he said, well, and then when I see, he said, I said that, but after that I said
If there's no other deal blah blah blah, but like you said, I'm really inclined to believe exactly what you said
That he's doing a deal with Nash, maybe some because he said, well, if nobody comes up with a present deal
Then I'm going to go ahead and move on and see what other offers are out there
But all he's just playing the backyard bully, that's all
He's just trying to, he did this a couple of months ago, I'm going to give you three months
And if you guys don't come up with a deal to build me an arena, that's it, I'm pulling it out
Okay?
Now he's sticking it back in and threatening to pull it out again
Well, he said that he instructed his staff not to talk to anybody
Not to talk to Nash, but not to talk to this guy
Well, he's talking to Mickey Eerson though
Oh, well, no, he said he wasn't talking, he didn't even know who the guy was last night on QAM
Well, how come he talked to him for half hour yesterday according to the article today
And they're all smiles and everything
The erasins who owned a crew, you do know that, they own a cruise line thing
Right, oh yeah
They're worth billions of dollars, they make Wayne look like a piker, okay? They're worth billions
The two of them put together, they could like with pocket change, build a beautiful arena
And if it's such a great prospect that he wants the taxpayers to fund it, why should we take away from them from these two great entrepreneurs greedy business guys
The chance to own the whole thing themselves all the sky boxes all the advertising all the concessions
They can have their own great thing and Wayne doesn't have to spend a dime for the land
He's got all that land right by the stadium he could build the most beautiful arena anywhere in the world
I'd love to go there, I'd say I hate going down to the arena
It's just a...
What a sock sucker he is man, I'll tell you that right now
Furthermore, he started talking about just losing a million dollars a month deal
Yeah
And he said, well look, he's losing ten million, he was crying on DFO shoulder
I'm losing ten million this year, I've done the mollons
Even the meds are better
Yeah, exactly, he was squirting them all over the place
And tears too
Even if they build me an arena by the time that they've built it all, lost $114 million
And like you said, what did you say, he makes $80 million a year of money?
No, no, I said at 10%, he will make $80 million
Nobody who's worth a billion dollars has their money invested at 10%
He's probably making 20% so figure 160 million a year
Plus like I also said, guys like that generally are looking for a tax write-off
They got to be losing on something because he's making money up the ass on everything else he's got he touches
I mean, how about losing on just for once to make us feel better, lose a few bucks
Oh, well, his friends and Rowdy's been here 28 years, he's everybody's butt
That was the only good-lying DFO had at the very end of the interview
He said, well maybe you will stay in the arena, what's a few million among friends
And wait, he'll be back soon, what a funny guy, don't say it again
He's everybody's friend, you know you heard him last night, he's my buddy
Yeah, I asked him if he'd lend me $1 million a month, he said no
Yeah, I owe you whatever
Well, he wants to be real close to you, he wants you to open wide and have a good time
Yep, gotta say two things
Real close, real quick, and I'll be real fast, real soon
You can't spell Moisha Pupik without UM
And Larry and Acria, you're a douchebag
Okay, thank you
You can't spell Compulsive Liar without UM
It's 1023 at WIOD
At night when the lights are dimmed, there's passion on 610 WIOD
I'm a real big believer that the secret to oral sex performing our woman is not looking
It is light sucking
Just lick up
This tone is not suck
So I just am not gonna invest, and now only that to get one of these tongues man
What is it? 50 bucks maybe?
These tongues are expensive, I want a tongue-alcohol, I'm my own man
And now for the shotguns, with Aaron Summers, weeknights, ato midnight
Just lick them
And use talk and entertainment radio, 610 WIOD
610 WIOD, if you like to be humiliated in public, call us right now
Gunsula, I f***ing know
Just lick them
And use talk and entertainment radio, I f***ing know
Gunsula, I f***ing know
Gunsula, I f***ing know
The doctor says I'm sick, and I won't last long, but the priest has survived till the end of the song yet see
Oh, f***ing know
Gunsula
Okay, 1028 at WIOD, happy Thursday to you
At the risk of getting started on this diet thing again, all the way, do find out
Did you know, Tulsi was on this Atkins diet now, we got a whole bunch of people, closet people inside the building
People we even listen to this show in a closet to pretend that they don't
But they're on this Atkins diet now
And the one thing that you learn, as you go along, and you learn the hard way like I did this morning
I don't want to blame George, but it will anyway
Sorry
Yeah, you ought to be, peace out, walk and dreck
All the stuff, look at that stuff I gave you yesterday to take home that big beautiful basket that you basket sent over by here
My god, there was just, there was about a week's worth of food for you and your marginal family, how do you like that?
God Almighty, any voice on me this morning, nuts
I didn't know you were going to go nuts
If I want nuts in the morning believe me, it ain't going to be those, or yours
But anyway, the bottom line is the lessons that you learn as you go along
I mean, I am telling you, I mean that gave me religion right there
Some of us, and this is the message in the whole book, some people are not only have a carbohydrate intolerance
But some of us have a like wicked carbohydrate intolerance
I'm cutting them out man, for the next several days
I'm going to have to start like all over now, not that I'm going to get any weight back from a few nuts
But it's just that my blood sugar has gone way up
I went from feeling so goddamn great that usual euphoria when your blood sugar is real, real low
When you're diabetic and you got a nice little like 54, when I, by the time I got to work, I took a one more time with 66
When I left the house, 66, 60 goddamn six
It was the anti-Christ blood sugar
Now I would say the other six is in there, it's probably 66, 66
Thanks
Oh my God, so you learn your lesson baby, the hard way
That's, you know, when you dittle around with your own body, so to speak
And you find little things like this that, you know, oh my God, I just can't handle that
And that's, he talks about that in the book too, you find the foods that you're allergic to like that neutral sweet
You find out your immediate reaction to the, oh man, I'm telling you, I don't know how I'm going to continue
And I especially know how I'm going to eat that great steak
That's coming for lunch, you knew we had lunch coming, why didn't you just like sit on those nuts or something like that?
Good way to get a hernia, but why didn't you know something?
I thought they were allowed, what do I know about that?
A handful, but once I started eating and you put a whole bit and they were good, thanks a lot Ralph, whatever the hell your name is, you faker
No, he's a good guy, he's got good nuts
But there were cashews and there were macadamies, I mean, and those, I love them
Didn't see me eat the almonds did ya? I go for the good stuff, the cashews and the macadamie nuts
And man, I got such a heartburn right now, could kill me
Oh man, oh man alive, carbohydrates for it again, not everybody, if you're doing great and you can eat all that stuff, I'm jealous
More power to you, go out and have a banana split, have 20 pounds of pasta with the sausage, great
I only wish I could do the same, but like millions of the rest of us, I can't
And man, what the impact, you know, in a half an hour, in a half an hour, I went from feeling the very best I could possibly feel in this decryptal marginal body of mine
The feeling now like I got a goddamn anchor on my ass, I feel like I'm under about a 4,000 pound weight
Like that thing in my septic tank that they showed me that the day
But that's okay, this too shall pass and I'll be bouncing back
Here's Miramar, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay, you know, I don't have that book here, I want to get it, but I recently lost my weight size from a 40 to a 38
Yeah, I like the start, but I mean, I would do it
That's good, for me, you know, I don't know what part I do
How did you do that? Well, I deliver auto parts
And you started eating them? No, no, I delivered them and we're on a walk and I'm doing in the...
That'll solve that constipation problem a lot of our diners are complaining of, we start eating auto parts, right?
You could just imagine eating a sheet metal hood
Not right, yeah, hey, I'm out
You could be one of the boys eating the hood
Right, boys in the hood
You know that thing with high zinger, I wish he would have put the stame in him bro, I have never been in all my life
It just makes too much sense
I have never been in all my life
Soggrassing would be perfect, man, that would be the peace of, that would be the peace of the resistance
Right out there, right off the Soggrassing, Expressway, peace of cake
The only people who have a tough time, well, that would be the people in South-day
Then they're used to having a tough time anyway, I mean, they get hurricanes, they get everything
So they're used to it, they're a troopers
I never been to a hockey game, that's why I wish they would put it up here
Yeah, I never been there
Okay, well listen, when we put it next door to your house, I'll call you in a little...
Yeah
Um, there's a deli and daibi, and on Griffin Road, right?
Yeah, the daibi road extension?
Oh, these don't cook food, they have polka burgers
Well, I'm not eating them
We have an open line and date, 751, one in front of me, I'm just, I'm wild
I'm wild about those nuts
Anybody ever say that to you?
Oh my God, I can't, how could this happen to me?
How many days have I come in here, minding my own goddamn business?
And this guy at this nuts door, I'm gonna go down here and, uh, and give him about a bang right now
Okay, good intentions again, you know what they say about the best of intentions going to hell on a hand basket
Leave me alone, okay? We arrange in here, we arrange if we want, like I said the other day, I talked about what did I say?
Bring him in some nuts, no!
This, everybody wants to plug on this goddamn show because they realize it's the most powerful goddamn show on the face of the globe
Everybody knows that except our sales department
But Jesus, Joseph and, uh, and Ethel
What the hell, kind of crap is this? I was talking about weenies we wanted, even that
Even though I don't need that right now, it would have been something
The natural ones without the nitrates, I could have popped one of those in my purse
No carbohydrates, wouldn't have made me sick, wouldn't have moved that blood sugar and inch
But what do I want up eaten? Five pounds of nuts
And you have that drag down like right up here in the upper, like not in your heart but like to the left, upper by your shoulder like this strangling feeling
Like there's a hand inside of you that's just squeezing your kishkis and just bleeding the energy out of your pathetic little body
Carbohydrates, they suck
It's a sickness man, it's an illness, it's a disease and we've stuck our finger on it, we've tapped into what we've discovered it
For so many of us, it's killing us
And this guy's sending me nuts
Man, I've been searching and scouring for some good
Okay, let's go to what North Miami Beach has gone, two open lines
What the hell is going on with these people? They're here one second, they're gone, the next let's get with it here, okay?
Brian Blades is back in Seattle for Christ's sakes, his agent Drew Rosennows, he says
This guy's got to play football man, he ain't going to mess around screw up his whole life just because he shot his cousin and he's dead
He ain't going to mess around with some crap like that, he's playing football, he feels bad
But he got football to play and I got my 10% to take or whatever percent he's getting of that 3.7 million, he wants it
So don't you think you're going to mess with us? You know, it's a pain in the ass
We had to come back here and disrupt all that and the coach is just sick about it
Coach is drinking up a storm out there in Seattle, he's so pithed off
So don't mess with Brian, okay? Don't be messing with Brian
Two open lines in Dade, 751, WIOG, one in Broward, 524, 9463
No comments on it, I've told you that nobody who listens to sports talk listens to us the rest of the day
There's no crossover at all and thank God
But I would like to hear from just one person in this audience who are heard that embarrassing
That humiliating, that degrading, unclothing of Jeff DeForest by Wayne Hypinga last night
I mean a lick job, the likes of which I'm serious
If the authorities would have been listening, they'd have turned the station off right at that point
We'd lost our gang, their license, they'd yanked it right there
1035, it's WIOG
The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on WIOG are not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors
All WIOG programs are copyrighted 1995 by WIOG Incorporated
No tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOG Incorporated
I've never been around a team that has been more supportive of any player and the reason is that they know Brian
They know what kind of character Brian has, they know that this is an accident
They know that Brian would never do anything to hurt another person intentionally or negligent like
Oh man, they're not thinking about that because you know the salesman is thinking about bulls
You know what they're all like, they're not going to say that they're not going to fool another person
I tell you man, I'll do a crazy, we'll sell it right, we'll sell it right
I didn't do nothing with the night board man, I just didn't do nothing with that
So I'm going to tell him what they're all like, we'll sell it right now man
I didn't know what they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they
are all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're
all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all
like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like, they're all like
We have an open line in date, let me take a little swig right now, okay? To wash down those nuts, oh, I'm not kidding, man, I'm not exaggerating, Georgia's keeps feeling worse and that's why I keep repeating it I have the cramps and I think without the M There you go, that's sole, the best, especially the sparkling I mean if you like the plane if you have no personality like the blend that's okay I like mine with little sparkle and little something to cut through all the cut through the mustard
and the nuts, here's Hollywood, hello, how you doing today? Okay, sir, I was doing a lot better about an hour ago before I started eating those nuts I don't want to keep emphasizing that but I will
I'll just follow up the way I can every so
Oh yeah, but why I mean if I'm gonna fall off the wagon give me like a hot fudge sundae or something give me a banana split give me a pound of pasta but not nuts
That's where it is, I know
Listen, I heard Wayne not on your station on the QAM
Yeah, and I gotta say I think the guy has a couple of points number one
I've got a couple of points. Yeah, one on each side of his head like the devil absolutely
But I really think the guy was sincere about the brownie county thing he was well, what do you mean by that?
Well, he lied about it. What do you mean he was in Siri? He lied about it
The second state that I'm featured he wouldn't play in brown like was it was a personal decision
He wasn't gonna go around being accused of being blackmail being a blackmailer to the county as other owners have been accused
I'm gonna tell you something right now and you can mark it down if
Broward County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility. I will not play here, okay?
Is there any question what that means?
Yes, there is no there is not look at the statement after it is made it
You made it clear the reason why he said that was that he wasn't gonna be a blackmailer of brownie county
He lived the fact is no one what he said was that he wasn't gonna go back on his statement that he made before this man's gone back on
Every statement that he's ever made including he wasn't interested in the least in buying the dolphins and then within a matter of weeks after that
He bought the dolphins. It was the same with your obi stadium
He was had no interest in buying the stadium a matter of weeks after that
He bought the stadium if he tells you it's Tuesday you better look at the calendar and see what day it really is
Okay, if he tells you the sun is shining you better look for a big moon. Okay, the other thing he's probably flashing it at you
The other thing he said there he was willing not to make any money or
The 110 million that he invested in the thing. Yeah, just go for the whole thing is a break even operation and I think that's a you know a reasonable deal
Man says he's not gonna make any money if you can believe him. I don't I don't believe anything he says well
So how do we save hockey for Florida because you turn me on to it?
I'm a season to get over we save hockey for Florida by Mickey Erison and Wayne Heisenga sitting down
Figuring out that they're gonna put it right there on the property he owns by the stadium and
Right now to check and building a nice state of the art arena and owning all the sky boxes and everything there
And if it's such a great deal they'll make all the money and charge us a armored leg and we'll go and pay it and have a good time
Okay, I'll go for that. Okay. Okay. See you
Yeah, if you go see see how easy it is to manipulate the public you say something one day and then I never said that
You got it on tape, but I never said that listen to the rest of what I said. Yeah, well, I did listen to the rest of what he said
He says they're right there and he even emphasizes market down
Market down baby put it down in blood because that's what he said I got you down exactly we marked it down in
indelible ink
And it's right down there on Jeff DeForest's butt
That's what it says right there but but but but but but as in big ass-looking whatever and
Now he says oh, I didn't mean that will oh anybody we don't care who it is Broward Dave Monroe Palm Beach
Kyle your county the moon your rain is anybody that's willing that's dumb enough to start taxing the public and the Sun Sentinel comes right
Along like a bunch of obedient ass liquors like they are and they have a lead editorial here today in the Sun
Said oh boy, we can't wait to licky licky there's a hell of a line there waiting to lick him
No wonder he's got a shiny bald spot even Steve Ziggler's bald spot. Don't shine like that thing close a
New home for the Panthers and heat makes sense for South Florida lead editorial in the slum Sentinel today
In the initial discussions. Oh
Well before that
It says regardless of whether the civic center is located in sunrise
Fort Lauderdale Boca Miami or on high pinguas land near Joe Robbie Stadium in North-Dade
People need to keep an open behind an open mind concerning tax support
That's what he wants you to keep an open behind because he's gonna really
In the initial discussions on a Broward Civic Center knee jerk neck knee jerk negativity over well-debate
Rather than waiting for the data and carefully weighing costs versus benefits most Broward residents turned a quick thumbs down
Currently South Florida plays host to major league baseball football back to ball hockey
That says a lot about an arena that's quickly developed into one of the nation's great population and economic centers an
Area arena area here right South Florida is in the big leagues and it needs to do its best to make sure the big league teams
That gave it its national exposure here to say if Florida was in the big leagues
It wouldn't have the hero in the Sun Sentinel to that right now
It would have somebody with a balls to stand up to Wayne High Pingo and a couple of the writers at the papers like Dave Joseph and Dave Hyde and
Greg what's his name Kote
and
Who is the other one whatever the hell his name was a couple of the writers have got the balls to stand up to Wayne High Pingo
But all you butt-lickers out there like the editorial board every time he says jump he snaps his fingers and you guys go through hoops man
You see you don't want to get the message do you you don't want to get the message that people in this area with all the other
Pressing needs that we got
They're not willing to spend their tax money to help a bunch of millionaires build an arena
We're willing to spend our own dollars to go there and help subsidize the team if we like it which I do and a lot of other people do that's fine
But as far as building it with our money no way Jose
It's a slap in the face of the goddamn public and for him to come on here and whine about he's losing ten men
I'm gonna tell you something Andy if you don't stick your foot way up Jeff DeForest ass
There's gonna be a long line of people to do it exactly what a hose job there last night man Wayne
I understand is drained he's an intensive care this morning from getting the hose down two different radio stations last night
Man oh man. It's a miracle a man will ever walk again. It's quite frightening
1049 I think I think what you ought to do is send fill out there and next time we have the opportunity like that and pretend to be Jeff DeForest
And let the Steve Warnell do the interview on that bald headed geek
Then we'd have some serious questions boy. Yeah trust me
1049 at W. I. O. D. The
W. I. O. D. Channel surfing builds the right muscles but stop right here
I have so much cruelty that it is intended with you
Oh
Oh
That Wayne buys in good actually cash
machen ыки
With
Because he would take a shower with Hank Olberg as whole, as whole.
Each way, hyzing is such an asshole.
He's just like Hitler and Abe Abram.
What's that he's pounding on?
Yeah, but let me say something first. Let me say something.
As whole, as whole.
We miss the quintessential asshole.
The only thing there is left to say is drop to right away.
And I'm going to tell you something else, you people with short memories.
This is the most important thing to do.
This is the same guy who said about two months ago before just when the season was ending,
he says, if you guys don't put something together within the next three months,
I'm going to give you this deadline.
And if you don't put it together, the team will be sold.
That's what he said.
And now all of a sudden, this guy, because he comes on here and he tries to smooth it over
after opening his big temperamental psychotic mouth.
After that, you know, this guy and thousands of others out there believe it.
Because he comes on here and he lies a lot.
All he does is let you know again, the school yard bully, he just keeps threatening and threatening.
And if wow, there's just no way.
And if you guys don't do that.
And then last night, he's telling D.Fo in the middle of all this licking that's going on.
He said, oh, well, you know, when we went for the Panthers, I got to admit that was a mistake in the first place.
We didn't really study the lease with the arena well enough.
And we were in a big hurry and we only had a short period of time.
In other words, he's seen as a bad businessman and we're supposed to feel sorry for him.
Okay. Poor baby.
We're going to drown in that sea of crocodile tears underline the crock part.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
Going twice.
Okay. All of the data is wide open now.
7519-463. There's not one person who heard that on everybody heard him on sports.
On the after the game last night on QAN. That's kind of interesting.
That's revealing.
But nobody heard the Jeff DeForest ass licking with the Wayne Heising.
And now one person this audience heard it last night.
Now one.
That is astonishing.
Here's Cooper City on the purple line. Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil. I heard it.
All right. Here's the one guy.
I thought it was an early addition of passion phones and the topic was men doing men.
Oh, my God.
You know, I don't want to be labor, but I think we just we need to organize one day where we all just ban anything that has I think on it.
I know you do already, but a lot of people still, you know.
And all these people that are like, I am so disgusted with this column in the Sun Central.
I think it was Gordon Eads this morning who generally has a little bit of a brain, but I guess lost it.
He writes this butts marlins have earned the warm welcome home.
And oh, it's the player of the All-Star game, Jeff Konai and erotering him.
Nobody, I mean, he's a good player and he's a good guy, but nobody cares about Jeff Konai.
And it's the hideous Nomo that Jeff pitcher for the Dodgers that everybody is supposed to be so excited about.
He doesn't want to get it. Gordon Eads doesn't get it.
Wayne don't want to get it. The owners and the players don't want to get it.
The public is saying, we don't care.
We're not interested. And if the public gets sucked into coming out and I hear DeFo saying the same thing.
Oh, if we don't have 40,000 people out of that game tonight, there's something really wrong.
There is something wrong. All right. And that is that the people are pissed off of subsidizing spoiled rich people.
We're sick and tired of it.
And I'm going to tell you another thing about another reason I like hockey and I can't stand some of these other sports.
Hockey these guys go out there. They're putting out an effort. They get injured. They like crawl on their knees.
They hop over the bench to just, you know, they continue under the most impossible circumstances because their real men is managed would say baseball.
Gary Sheffield had that injury rounding second base. He's standing there holding a stomach. He gets tagged out.
He don't give a crap about anything. You watch these baseball players today.
The guy for the other team gets a base hit. He goes to first base and the first basement from the opposing team.
Pat Simony has with his glove. What the hell is that?
You would never have seen that 30 years ago. You never would have seen the kind of and basically the message you get in baseball and football.
Not in hockey, but in baseball and football is, hey, we're a bunch of spoiled millionaires. We got ours. I mean, if we win, that's nice.
But we don't care because winner lose. We're getting the big bucks. You know what I'm saying? That's all.
Yeah, they're not sports and they're not athletes. They're a bunch of drug addicts. They're a bunch of criminals. Look at boxing.
Look what's happening with that joke. You know, someone will form and won the fight. That was a fix by Don King if I've ever seen one.
What a concept. Yeah. And then this Brian Blades thing. You know, I'll tell me there wasn't drugs and booze involved.
You know, and what's he doing? Bring a gun into a room where there's a fight. That's the last thing you do in this world.
Unless you're defending yourself. Unless you live in Miami, right?
Unless you're in Miami, of course, too. Yeah, that's required. But and this thing with I think everybody wants to look and say,
oh, daddy has taken care of us. And then we can carry on. He's taking care of us. All right.
He's taking care of us. All right. Feed up three different counties. I'm sorry. Three different cities to get his own county established.
And then when it wasn't going to be profitable, walked away after beating up so many chambers of commerce and commissioners.
And now everybody still patronizes his stores. I guess everybody forgets about the, you know, that pizza place he put out of business.
And they forget about that sound warehouse deal and the guys that he fired because their hair was a little bit too long for Uncle Wayne.
He wants everybody to march into line and go step along on his agenda. That's right. And everybody else can be damned. That's the deal.
If everybody can't walk away from them for good, like people like you and I and people with brains have done.
I can't walk away from them for good. I'm going to the Panther games. I'm not walking. I'm not going to spite myself.
No, no, not the Panther games. Not that. Don't do that. But I'm saying don't go to the blockbuster world or whatever he's got out there and for Lauderdale.
Don't go to the blockbuster videos, the blockbuster music stores. You know, where everybody looks the same.
And when the press will all jacked up and you're getting ripped off right exactly what you know, how about just one day, one day, everybody boycott anything to have.
I think it's not going to happen. I know what it should happen. I know.
These people are lemming their sheep just like this guy. He represents thousands of others. They heard Big Daddy on a radio last night. Unfortunately not on the station.
They heard him on the ear last night and he lied through his teeth. Oh, yeah. Well, he's got a point. He's got a point. I'll write and you can probably feel it where you sit. Have a great life.
They like to us all. Badges. We don't need no stinking badges. New's talking entertainment radio. 610 W I O D Miami Ford Lauderdale.
W A Y N E S U C K S. New's talking entertainment radio. 610 W I O D presents the Neil Rogers show to talk with Neil call 751 W I O D in date.
It's two three one eight hundred nine four four W I O D. One customer can call pound I O D.
The Neil Rogers show a news talk and entertainment radio. 610 W I O D.
O I W U D N E S U C K S. Now I do what the Catholic say. And a father of Mary's communion. I get down on my knees and pray.
I'm going to be a little of the boy. How could you know what's right? You are the father's head. He likes some young and time.
He meant you over again. Over and over again.
Oh, what father of Mary's communion. He'll down in open wide. Yes, that father of Mary's communion. You receive the body of Christ. Oh, under father O's robe. He's naked because that's his style.
He makes for easy access. He's in all kind of files. He's all bent over again.
He's in the trail of a lifetime. Over and over again. Oh, I would not worship false gods now. I do what the Catholic say. And a father of Mary's communion. I get down on my knees and pray.
Oh, yes, the father of Mary's communion. Me, a dad and open wide. Yes, the father of Mary's communion. You receive the body of Christ. Oh, yes, the father of Mary's communion.
Okay, let's all pack up and go to Rosa Lopez's house and see if we can't get all this, you know, we're getting exorcism would be good. It's 11 awaited W.I.O.D. We have an open line of day one and brown and green line one here one there and one everywhere. Okay, that's what we got.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. How's it going? Oh, good. Good. Neil, were you with dessert lover before you started the act and diet? Not all that much. Not all that much.
Yeah, I like my ice cream and I like my pies and I like my cookies and I like my cakes and I like, but not, not, no, I'm not.
Not having particular. Well, I have some good news for you. You know, I have the old book. So it has some recipes in the back.
But I mean, that's something I don't do recipes. I don't need that. I don't need desserts. Okay. Well, for those listeners who do, simple, simple. I did the ice cream last night. It's great. And I also.
There's recipes in the new book. Oh, good. Well, then my advice is I tested it out and do try it. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Take care. See you. Open line and day 751 W I O D. We have two lines in
Broward. 5249463. You know what really pisses me off big time yesterday and again today. I come on a year and I share with you some of the things that I'm
discovering myself. I share with you. Doesn't that sound like some real psycho Babel crap? Uh oh. Now he's now we know the nuts are having effect on
Ed brain, whatever is left of it. And I get nothing. We've got thousands and thousands of people out there who have bought this book, who are on this diet, most of whom
that we're hearing from are really doing great a lot better than I am. Because obviously I'm one of those super resistant people. It's just about going to have to not eat any
carbohydrates for about the next two months, which is okay after I just discovered what it's all about. Nothing. Zero. See, I'm supposed to be the cheerleader. In fact, my mother said to me
several days ago. She says, well, you know, now's after that article in the Harold people are counting on you. You're going to have to be the ringleader. You're going to have to do
the real good. Now. And that's why she goes in puts onions in the hamburgers when I told her don't put any onion in the hamburger. God, damn it. Don't put no onions in there. She keeps
trying to slip all this extra stuff in there. She puts on the table all this crap that I can't eat, but it's on that page. Yeah, but that don't mean you're supposed to eat all of it with the
same meal. Okay, you got it. But I have to set the good example. But hey, they're not going to give me nothing back because they don't give a crap about me,
whether I lose the waiter feel good or not. All they are is like selfish or want something for themselves, like most people. Open line and
they want to be on the green line. Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I got a quick question for you. How many peanuts did you eat? I didn't eat any peanuts. Well, you when I turned
radio on this morning, you were talking about all these peanuts. I never know. I was not talking about peanuts. See here we go again. I do Bible
believers. There were nuts. Okay. I had almonds. No, I did not eat the almonds. I had cashews and I had macadamia nuts. Okay, enough to fill up a waste basket.
Because those things like we like mall carburetide rates, they're I'm addicted to it. And once I start having a couple and if the whole
the whole box, I could eat in the whole box. I'll tell you that right now. I could eat the whole box. And right now I'd be on the floor.
Puking my gut. So my husband and I've been on Dr. Atkins's diet for about five weeks now. Yeah, we both have done really good. I think we both lost
between 12 and 15 pounds. Great. And but the thing is we're trying to find what's a good snack food when you're sitting there watching television and cheese.
See, all that and we also, oh, I know. I love it. Do you ever try the yellow? Do you like yellow?
Diet gel or real bad for you? Nutri sweet. Oh, a newtri sweet. But if you don't have a problem with it, if it doesn't slow you down, that's okay.
But a lot of people, including me, no newtri sweet. It's a killer. Oh, okay. Bad. But and then the other thing we've been snacking on is probably just like maybe just a handful of peanuts. That's why I was when I heard you when I heard you.
Yeah, handful a very small handful. Otherwise, it's going to slow you way down. Okay. All right. But try like you know, a little piece of cheese.
Okay. Y'all's Berg, little salami. Yeah, those are good too. Yeah. All right. Well, listen, thank you for talking to me. Okay. Good luck. Bye. Bye. Bye.
Open line in Dave County. 7519463. One and Broward 524 W I O D. The deadest place on the face of the earth is Miami. That's why I have to laugh every time these assholes,
these newspapers keep. Oh, we've got all the sports. This is a real big league town. This is this is Poe donkville. This is a big hick town spread out over a big wide area with a bunch of venean to thos with a bunch of disconnected little municipalities and a bunch of disconnected disjointed people who have nothing in common and no common interest. And that's that's our Florida for you.
And all these red necks, all these yokals, all these very little parochial people like the newspaper people and the chamber of commerce people. Oh, this is a world class city. Well, obviously these people have never really been anywhere.
That is a real world class city because God Almighty, if there really is such a thing as a world class city, this ain't it.
But hey, we'll like some of your bastards up if it's the last god damn thing I do in the way I feel right now probably will be what time are they bringing that food? What time is Woody coming back in here again today? Oh, man, not only my nauseous from those nuts, but I got to look at his pussy again today. That's going to be it. I think that'll put me over the edge.
1113 at W I O D.
16 W I O D stress really without live. He's an orange on provocateur.
It's time to tell lies on projety. Projety's online chat fees are lets you chat anonymously with people all over the world. People you don't have a chance in hell of every meeting, which means you can lie your head off.
Hello fellow projety users. I'm six foot five ruggedly handsome no pimples especially not on my back and I must buy a pretty important spy too.
I'm currently involved in a very sensitive assignment working undercover at the drive through at Burger Hut. Oh, and our national securities at stake some don't tell anyone okay.
When you tell lies on projety you can join any discussion group you want and no one can call you on.
I'm so glad I found this new young mother's breastfeeding discussion group. As a new young mother myself I make it and my nipples are very sensitive.
Yes, when you tell lies on projety you can become anyone you want.
Confidential the stud muffin I'm a petite blue eyed blonde 105 pounds. I like warm walks along the beach.
Chili and a fault weapon. Oh wait, typo typo. I mean stasis.
Tell lies on projety. It's a great way to get a life especially if it's not your own and especially if you don't have one.
1118 at WIOD let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Praise the Lord for the angry prophet denouncing hypocrisy of our time.
Howard. What?
Howard. Beel. New Neil Rogers. What's wrong with being an angry prophet denouncing hypocrisy of our time.
I don't know. Do you want to be an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisy of our time.
Yeah, I think I would like to be an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisy of our time. Then go for it.
Praise the Lord. I can give you the whole goddamn dialogue from network starting right at the beginning.
Last night I don't forget. I'll get back to you. Diana.
Neil last night I ripped QAM for being shills of emperor Wayne.
Yeah, one of them cries to me. He's so sincere. He's losing so much money.
Who said that one? Rockhead or the mouse? No, Rocky.
Rockhead. Verified. Do you have access to? Rockhead bend over?
Yeah. Do you have access to his book? Secondly, if he's losing so much money and he doesn't want to lose so much money, then sell the goddamn team.
Right. It sounds like a simple prescription to me. Also yesterday, Joe Zagaki wondered out loud.
Where's the community support? Why aren't we helping this man? Joe Zagaki, my community support stuff that my goddamn wall.
Joe Zagaki sucks. Okay. The fact is the community is supporting the team like crazy 97% sell out in the two seasons or one and a half seasons we had so far,
which is better than most of the teams in league, and especially for a half-assed expansion team,
better than anybody could have expected in the backwater town like this.
So the fans have been there showing their support. The ticket prices are rejects way to hell up again this year.
Nobody's complaining too much about it. Fans are still going back.
So the fan support has been sensation, believe it to an ass sucker like Joe Zagaki with those cockamemei eyebrows to once again get that tongue out.
You know, when are we going to get rid of all these ass liquors we have in his town from Jeff DeForest and Joe Zagaki and the editorial board at the Sun Sentinel to just a few people who have the guts to tell the truth.
Well, there are no balls in his town, man. The reason why? No nuts.
The reason why is because QAM is desperate to get the dolphin to snare the dolphin because they snare the dolphin.
Can I tell you something? Can I tell you something? Very funny.
They're losing their ass on the Marlins. Okay.
Now, let me tell you at number two, the dolphin contract runs out on this station in a couple of years.
The dolphins don't make money on WIOD and never have. It's at a very expensive.
They pay $3 million a year for the rights. Then all the expenses for the line charges and paying the announcers and all the other stuff that they're the producers.
It is the most in the network. It's one of the most time consuming and expensive and got awful ventures that anybody would have ever have to get into.
And I think that would be perfect for the assholes of QAM. Let them have one more goddamn white elephant that they can lose their ass on.
And I'm telling you right now, those two bozos that own QAM and kiss, they can't afford to take any more punishment.
If they wind up getting another losing proposition, they're going to have to sell that thing.
Don't let up me. I'll keep the pressure on this.
Okay, pal. See ya.
Two open lines. They're both in Broward. Of course, Broward's been abused. They took it all back. He said, anywhere.
Okay, whatever you say, somebody, any place, anyone.
And I'm going to say it again, Mickey, Eris, Sid and Wayne, Heizanga, between the two of them.
They got enough money to buy and sell all the rest of us 50 million times over with.
And I for one, and I have a house, I'm a taxpayer in Broward County. I'm not spending a dime a tax money to subsidize any goddamn arena convention center, a white elephant, whatever the hell it is.
I'm not doing it. If it isn't enough that I go there and subsidize with my own harder money to buy tickets and promote it on the goddamn ear and put thousands of people in their seats.
Would you never got a thank you for, by the way, from the people who really counted that organization, thousands of people in a goddamn hockey arena the last two years.
Not for Wayne, Heizanga, but because I love the sport and I love the Panthers. That's why.
And by the way, I see there, we sign Tom Fitzgerald and Jody Hull and who is the other one, somebody else.
Nice going, Brian. Maybe we can work on some speech therapy for you.
So I'm doing my part, okay, but the taxpayer shouldn't have to get raped again.
And then you know, there was an interesting thing that came on that interview yesterday besides the fact that the D-Fo's such an ass-licker.
And that was the fact that he says, well, you know, that whole deal, that first deal there with the restaurant tax. That wasn't my idea. That's right.
And see, this is another thing the Sun Central obviously has got a bad memory lapse about.
The reason that there was such a negative immediate impact or feedback from the public on that deal was because they tried to slide it through.
They were working behind closed doors with the legislature up in Tallahassee and it was all, it wasn't even Wayne's idea.
You can't blame him for this one. It was a bunch of greedy hotel and restaurant operators over there on a strip on the beach who thought,
oh, yeah, well, I'll get the legislature to okay another cent the sales tax increase and we'll have it right over here,
which there's no way to get there. It made no sense over there. There are no highways. There's no road. There's no access to it.
And it made no sense. But just a bunch of greedy assholes who decided arbitrarily behind closed doors. Let's voice this on the public and let's go behind their back and go to Tallahassee and let's see if we can't squeeze this through.
And the public got pithed off. Well, what a surprise. Okay. So all you rocket scientists over there at the editorial board and the Sun sent a man. Maybe a lobotomy might help you out. Okay. Like you did that Kennedy daughter.
Put you off in a broom closet somewhere. Never to be heard from again like her. I mean, let's get serious. Keep slapping the public in the face over and over.
Well, I didn't really mean that. Okay. Oh, yeah, you're a good guy. Okay. Now we got you. All right. Now we're on the same page. How much do you want?
And you noticed by the way, I'm not getting one call today about that thing about waste management that we talked about yesterday, Southern sanitation, which I would think that we had gotten a lot of calls about that. Somebody who at least can give me what the law is about whether we have to keep subsidizing winds company,
whether we want to or not if we're a homeowner or we can't just get rid of our own garbage. Can't even get an answer from that from all you deadheads out there. God almighty.
And you wonder how this town is so easy and easily manipulated by a few greedy bastards. And also heard on it later on on depot show when he's asking,
ah, gee, anybody believe that crap he was saying, which he didn't have the balls to say to his face. And some guy caught in the depot trying to say, well, you know, Joe Robbie came to the public to him.
Joe Robbie did come to the public and when he got turned down instead of being a spoiled child, say, well, I'm packing up the dolphin and believe me,
there were plenty of markets in this country that would have given her left nut for the dolphins. Instead he went out there and used his own money and helped get the funding to build Joe Robbie Stadium,
which let's face it if we didn't have Joe Robbie Stadium, the dolphins and the marlins would be like in deep due to also. So the Sunsendle can remind us. Oh, we got the dolphins in the
room. Yeah, but we got Joe Robbie Stadium, which is now owned by the same goddamn grave robber, but was built by Joe Robbie, which everybody thought he was an asshole. He was a saint. He was a, he was a giant compared to this
Neil Roger. Hi, I'm so piacopola when I'm not acting, which is most of the time I like to cruise around with my famous father. Take a left, so be. Yes, daddy. And I'm really learning to take direction well too. Take a right, so be. Yes, daddy. And now I'm even doing car. I'm even doing car commercials.
Oh, daddy. What do you think this is anyway?
I'm not fighting. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so,
so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so
so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so
so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so
so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so
and it's getting congested. It's sometimes it's a problem just to get out. Well, guess what? Sometimes it's a problem just to get out on sunrise Boulevard where I live in the acres which three or four years ago was nice and peaceful before they built a sagras mall. I'm not complaining. I knew it was going to be all developed and built up. You know, time goes on. Time marches on, man.
So, what's wrong with that? No, nothing is anything wrong with that. It's great. I say, let it happen tomorrow. But I'm saying that's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and I'm going to go to the other side of the house and
I remember that Howard Foreman, that Torpey Howard Foreman, with his stupid little pipe and that stupid little mustache sitting there, I don't need, I'll go away for five years and come back and we'll get this all done. You're just so negative.
Yeah. And here we are. It's like 15 years later and they're still hawking a China about doing it right. And what was the name of the brothers that left the land? They gave the land of Jorabi. They left it to the Dolphins.
they owned that whole parcel. No, seriously, there was two brothers, very wealthy brothers,
and they owned that enormous lot out there, that whole dolphin complex, which there is
a name for that, but Lake Lucerne, and they owned all of that, and they just for like a dollar,
they left it to the dolphins to Joe Robbie, and of course Wayne bought it all. So he owns
that whole thing there, and then we kept here in a bottle, there was, this is not Blockbuster
Park. We're talking about the complex that was supposed to be there a long time ago.
And the original discussion was there was going to be a domed stadium for baseball never
happened, which I got news for even as pissed off as people are if they had a domed stadium
in this tropical slaughterhouse of a jungle, there'd be a hell of a lot more people going
to those games instead of sweating their ass off and fighting mosquitoes the size of bowling
balls. And there was supposed to be also a big Olympic track there, and it was going
to be all his other facilities, and there's plenty of room to build it all, it never happened.
And there was going to be the arena and it was going to be this end the end of the stadium.
So here we are 15, 20 years later, and they're still talking and squawking and everything
else, and they can't make up their god damn mind. No, it just makes too much sense. It reminds
me of those assholes that say, Oh, we missed the orange ball. The orange ball is a toilet.
Okay, it doesn't have any toilets, but it is a toilet. It's a piece of dreck, and nobody
in their right mind, except some of those demented drug-induced UM fans. Nobody wants to go to
that part of town under a penalty of death. Nobody wants to go to the goddamn orange
ball unless, of course, it's FSU and a horror hurricanes. Then all of a sudden it's a big
happening so they'll go anywhere. If they were playing in Boynton Beach, they would go
there. But don't fight this. These people with anything that's common sense because here's
something right at the daybroward line that's got its own exit on the turnpike for Cryne
Island. You drive in right off the turnpike and you're right inside there, man. What the
Oh no, it doesn't make too much sense to like that guy that called him the first hour.
He never seen a hockey game, but when he built an arena right next to his house he might
actually go, because he heard it's pretty good. Here's a lady in Del Rey. Hello. Yes,
ma'am. Calling you because I just heard a tiny bit of the forest last night. What I did
here made me turn it off because he was sitting there saying that he was talking about
the high concession prices and how, well, that's okay because this is America and free
enterprise and the fat and the other thing. Sure, free enterprise means rip off the fans
who are already pennies, big bucks for all your tickets. Right. Just more of the ass
sucking that you're talking about. Right. And then also on the actins, one thing for you
if you hadn't checked it out is the peppered jack chees has zero carbs and that's quite
a bit of spice. And. Prove alone has no carbs, which I love Prove
alone and in Yarl's book has zero. 12 pounds and two weeks. Great. Congratulations.
Thank you both times. It was you that got me started on it. Great. Keep doing it. Okay.
What the hell just happened? Did he get like a kidnapped or something there or what? It's
all like somebody just stuck her head in a waste basket and the dangle the phone against
it and the basket too. Oh, ma'am, we got an open line indeed. One in brown, two on the
green lines, four on the Mahogany line, 16 on the Burgundy lines, 27 on the red lines,
42 on black. Oh, I'm sorry. Here's Miami on the purple line. Hello.
They'll. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Good. Thinking with the greed and
wane for a minute. I've been a dolphin season ticket holder for about six years until this
year. Yeah. After that playoff game. Me too. When they went ahead and put out all the
parking passes for everybody rather than the season ticket holder. Yeah, that was a nice
touch. Right. That was great. And not now like that last call I was talking about the
caller before about all those other parking lots are building now. That's not preparing
anything except now that if you buy a ticket, even go in there for one, you can now get
a parking pass. So it's first come first serve. Nice. So if you want to go three hours
or four hours before a game, you may actually get close to the stadium. So that's the story
with Wayne. So he's really supporting the season ticket holders, maybe just to sum
the bend over and stick it in that pitch fork as far as it'll go. Well, I supported him.
I gave him up. So anyways, going to another subject. Brew, Rosen, how's is it? Yeah.
Which you wrote in house, which you buy a used car from that man. He's a piece of crap.
Everybody knows he's a piece of crap. All these agents and these promoters, man, they're
all out there just like Don King, man, they're just Don King with the different hairdo. I was watching him
on TV last night. Yeah, he had him talking his attitude. He this is the most arrogant son of a
bitch I've ever seen in my life. Well, he's not going to do this. What do you think he's going to
get all occupied his life with us just because he shot his cousin and he's dead. He's got football
to play. Man, who the hell are you people anyway? And he had to come all the way back here.
You got some goddamn nerve, man. It was just an accident. Let him go on a play some football.
It'd be a super star. What doesn't he remind you a little bit of a ferret? Yeah, a big ferret.
A big ferret. Okay, pal. Have a great life. We have an opaline on a purple line, one and
powered 524. He's got football to play. We can't be messing around his life with this little
contra-tompt here. This is just an inconvenience for us. He got to be in camp, man, because then it's
Eric's in a drinker like a maniac now, like a fish. And he better so burp when he gets back,
because he's going to run fast and jump high. And he'll be almost as high as Dennis.
It's 1137 at W-I-O-D.
610 W-I-O-D. Think of us as mutant genes looking for a new target organ every day.
It's me again, Bob. Dush when you're done.
No, when he's white.
No, you can feel it, baby.
No, it. Hear it.
He's timing so white.
You picked a white one, baby.
It is totally white, red, a bowl, and occasionally dread a bowl.
And he got no butter bowl. You picked a white one, baby.
You got the white one, baby.
You know when his wife, you just got the face there.
You got the white one, baby.
You got the white one, baby.
It is completely bad, but a bowl. Very uncomfortable and laughably full of bowl.
You picked a white one, baby.
1142 at W-I-O-D.
There's an opening in date.
A big white opening.
It looks like the Grand Canyon.
The purple cellular one line.
There's a big white hole right in the middle of it.
And there's one in brown and one on the green line.
Oh, man, I knew the dog days of summer.
I knew that we were like right on the ages of it now.
But now we got whimerieners.
We got German shepherds.
We got collies.
Golden retrievers.
We got men pins.
Big pins.
We got bowling pins.
We got it all.
We're a dine over here, man.
Every day is drudgery.
Because these people are dead and they need somebody to just just to stick.
I think Wayne's doing a service for you, man.
He keeps sticking that pitchfork in there.
Deeper and deeper and deeper.
And you can't feel it just yet.
But one of these days when it hurts the most,
here's Mimey Lakes.
Hello.
And Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Joe Robbie, you mentioned before.
You got to get him credit for bringing him down.
But he's also the guy that eventually brought in Wayne.
What do you mean eventually brought him in?
Well, because he constructed the stadium,
he was kind of strapped financially.
I think he was the one that they kind of
didn't list it and listed Wayne to bring in baseball and needed the financial
backing in order to put this whole thing together.
I think you're dreaming.
How many years ago did Joe Robbie die?
I think he died about five years ago.
If you remember just before just after he passed away,
Tim and Danny were the guys that signed the paperwork with Wayne.
Yeah, it was already in the works before, you know,
before obviously before Joe died.
Yeah.
Well, but so what does that mean?
Well, I'm just saying.
So in other words, we're going to blame him posthumously for the effect of
Wayne.
I think that's all the other stuff he's done since then.
Well, the guys are sane, but he means they, you know,
construct and GRS because they're strapped and so financially,
eventually he had to give away something that belonged to the family.
Belong to the one I want belongs to another family.
A worse family.
You know what family I'm talking about?
Yeah, that's what I'm playing.
You know what I'm talking about.
I'm not playing no music.
You know what family I'm talking about.
I don't want to get too specific,
but we all know exactly what we're talking about.
Have a great day pal.
Joe Robbie's gone.
Let's dig him up.
Okay, and build him a statue or something.
Let's stick his ass right there in that sea where Wayne is supposed to sit.
So the next time he goes there, there's Joe Robbie stiff sitting right there with that scene.
And of course, you never know with Joe because whether he was dead or alive,
he always had that same boring look on his post.
Just put a big stogie in his post.
He was miserable, bigoted old.
I mean, he was a piece of crap that's your Robbie.
But nonetheless for us sports fans, he was the same,
but as a human being, he was a turd.
Let's face it.
I wouldn't give you a nickel for any part of his.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward 524.
What he's here with lunch today from the Ember's No Doubt, right?
And we're not going to mention that Hank Olberg has a piece of the action over there
because then you know, I'll get into digestion.
And but the food is great.
Thank you so much for today's in a row.
We get a Woody in here.
How do you like that?
Ember's new American at 1661 Meridian at Lincoln Road on fashionable
pseudo intellectual Miami Beach.
The rebirth of a great dining tradition it says.
Oh yeah, that's the old Embers was there like a hundred years ago, right?
Just like the famous, right?
So when you're bringing the famous back,
you and big daddy, you and big daddy, it would be tear your kishkish kishkish.
Plus it's not out of diet.
So what do we got here today, little steak?
I apologize because I'm probably not going to eat as much as I would have,
except for all those goddamn nuts that George brought in here this morning.
And just made me sick as a dog, which I'll never forget as long as I live.
I have a long memory.
A lot of things I can't remember like which house is mine when I go home.
But things like that when somebody destroys my health and my livelihood, then I know.
Yeah.
Strip steak and filet, yeah.
And your own bottle of Peter Luger's.
Oh, I can't have that, but I'll take it home.
But thank you so much.
Yeah, I can't have it right now.
Oh, that would do it.
Although you know something the day is already shot.
Why the hell not?
All right.
Now we're talking.
Yeah, might as well.
It's not going to make any difference now.
This day is down the toilet.
Thanks to George.
So now I can enjoy my great Peter Luger steak sauce with my steak here.
Oh boy.
Okay, let's go to a mobile in D'Areal.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
God.
Yes, that's one.
Four and a half pounds.
Today is my 14th day of the induction diet.
How much?
42 and a half.
Yeah, that's what I say every morning when I visit the throne, but anyway.
I like your hope.
Nobody is, uh, nobody's trying to screw it up for you like they are for me.
Oh, you know, I still get some slack from the family.
Yeah, you're going to get that hard.
Get a heart attack and this and that, but you know, I'm paying all my money.
I came in here this morning.
My blood sugar was 66.
I felt so good.
I had enough energy to tear this whole building down in many days.
I would like to and buy another half hour after that.
Thanks to those nuts.
I would.
Oh, man, I'm just now getting my second wind.
There it is.
Prior to this thing, I was taking some, uh, well, I can call them like sedatives,
but for the stress and all that stuff.
Sedatives?
Yeah.
And I stopped taking them because I read the book.
And city didn't take that.
And I have no need for them anymore.
Great.
So I feel great.
And uh, in closing.
I wish a lot more of these goddamn dieting people who have been, you know,
I bet you a lot of people went out to buy the and bought the book and that's the end.
They're not listening to this show anymore.
They got what they wanted from me.
They hide, they held it down the road.
They're slim.
They're thin.
They're out there.
They're getting some action.
Whatever they're doing.
And now screw that old fat man.
We're done.
We don't need his ass anymore.
We got the book.
Class one slippers, huh?
Right.
In great.
Can I call somebody a major douchebag?
Yes.
Eddie Fernandez at the roofing inspections.
Tell them to get a life.
Okay.
Bye.
Keep it up, pal.
Man, noisy phone.
We have an open line of day one and brown.
You know how that works?
1148 at W.
D since 1951.
The Lorenzo family has been.
There's a good family for you.
We're not talking about Wayne's family.
We're talking about the Lorenzo family.
The one with the nose pointing straight ahead.
Not cock out off to the side.
They've been serving South Florida with old world taste and style growing into a gigantic
place called Lorenzo's Italian center at 163 85 West Dixie Highway in North Miami Beach.
Lorenzo's experience in dedication carries the traditions throughout everything they do.
Everything they put their finger on man.
Like Ralph Perrata from Napoli, the old country from Naples, Italy, not Florida.
He's the head chef and baker and for the past 15 years Ralph's been overseeing the production
of Lorenzo's baked and cooked products.
Every morning you'll find him making fresh mozzarella by hand for just 499 a pound.
He's pounding it by hand and he'll be fire roasting no salt, whole chickens for just 329.
He's also proud of the old fashioned crusty lows of bread just 2 1 1.
You'll also have to check out Lorenzo's fresh pasta shop for homemade ravioli.
Like the cheese mushroom, veal, vegetable sausage, Gorgonzola, meat chicken,
lobster even spinach and cheese ravioli out of this world.
Look at the look on what he's putt.
Try their great scratch break with the fresh pasta shopper like I said,
the best meat anywhere in the world and all the other great choices to real authentic Italian stuff,
not make believe, not earzots.
Lorenzo's Italian center 163 85 West Dixie Highway in North Miami Beach.
610 W I O D news to keep you informed.
Talk to make your laugh your ass off.
Hi, I'm Linda Blair and whenever I want to...
I love a good kid.
I go to 666 flags over America.
It's so easy.
You'll leave your car and all hope behind in the parking lot.
Then you ride the hand basket to hell.
And oh look, here's our park mascot, Jackie the Janko.
What you do next is up to you.
You can join the four horsemen of the apocalypse on the carousel of doom.
Yeah, it'll spin your head around.
Ride the lot, flume down the river stick.
We'll just be lags and have a snag at our possession stand.
Yeah, give me a double dog, two red hats and a large gauze.
What did you do?
The drop in.
666 flags over America.
It's the best park in the whole.
That's my sound.
1153 at WIDM.
We need a good exorcism and a good animal.
I think we'll clean this guy damn town out.
Anyway, our friends at the Embers, not only they bring delicious fillet and the New York strip,
but also come to find out that there are lots of you who are on the Atkins who are going in there
and ordering the extra crispy duck.
And I'm looking at their menu and they got like grilled gulf shrimp and seared salmon
and grilled double chicken breast and prime rib and of course needless to say the steaks.
So there's all kinds of stuff you can have on your Ony Atkins and have this is phenomenal.
And I didn't overdo it on a Peter Luger by the way, okay?
There's no sense in going off the deep end just because George ruined my day.
So now we're really paying George back for his indiscretion this morning with a nice bottle of wine
along with his steaks, his filet menu on New York strip and Peter Luger steak sauce.
What a rough life, baby.
Yeah, how's that camera?
Here's Coral Gables. Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Six days, five pounds.
Great.
Good start.
You briefly mentioned the Embers restaurants.
I'd like to, what do you mean I briefly mentioned?
I just give them a five minute spot.
Yeah, you should it.
And 1661 Meridian at Lincoln on Miami Beach.
Beyond.
Well, what are the restaurants we can do?
So we'll be deep induced of that you can go on this diet.
Well, what do you mean by that?
Any place that like a steady good steak house?
Yeah, I'll pick up off the menu.
Any good restaurant that has that's got good steaks and seafood?
Okay, I'll back.
How about some of the...
It's Chris?
Ethnic restaurants, Argentinian, Brazilian stuff like that.
I know something.
When I was in Germany, I don't know what it is because all the Nazis used to go to Argentina
to hide, so maybe they're in the meat business.
Exactly.
But they were very big on Argentina beef in Berlin.
Anyway, I don't know what that's all about.
Well, it's the way they cut the beef.
It's a different cut than what we're used to.
It was okay.
I mean, it was pretty good, but not like this.
Have you ever had like this?
Have you ever had tritip?
I beg your pardon.
Try it.
I get to personal now, sir.
It's only been like 30 seconds.
Try tip is part of the cow, the stomach lining.
Oh, I'm in the middle of my life.
So this guy's talking about cookies now.
No, next you're going to be talking about tripe.
I'm not talking about tripe.
Oh, f**k.
I'm talking about a Goyarsha world, this is.
It's kind of like a skirt steak.
It's very, very good.
It's very typical Argentinian beef.
A skirt steak?
I bet it's lovely.
It's beautiful.
Yeah.
Beautiful.
Also, how about the melting pot or outback steakhouse?
I just mentioned outback.
I just got through mentioning that.
How about the melting pot?
And the melting pot would be good too,
but I'm not sure about what they put in the fondue.
I mean, the meat, if you just get the beef and the chicken,
that would be fine as long as it's not,
you don't get the franthin deep fried.
If you get anything fried, forget it.
Then you're done.
See, I'm not sure about the peanut oil.
Somebody's going to have to tell me about the fondue deal,
because you see what happens there is you deep fry.
Well, you know that.
You've been here, I guess.
You deep fry the stuff in that peanut oil.
Fried is no good.
You know what I'm saying?
But if you just took like the cooked meat and you did that
in your own, if you did your own fondue,
I think that would be good.
Okay, maybe some other people can call up
and just some restaurants and why in house.
Yeah, but I mean, how complicated is it?
No, the reason I'm on this side.
Steaks, seafood.
Part of the reason I'm on this diet is that I travel quite a bit.
I'm out of town two to three weeks out of the month.
Yeah, but see, that's the one great part about this thing.
Is any place you go, even little poedong towns
that don't have a whole bunch of restaurants,
usually you got a place where they have pretty good steaks
and chicken and seafood.
I mean, that's about your most common place
American fare that you'll find anywhere.
And it's a very worst.
You drive through Wendy's and get a couple of burgers
and throw away the buns.
Okay.
You know, I mean, is the last resort?
What's the deal with the alcohol?
I can't have two separate ways.
No booze.
No booze, huh?
No booze.
You've got some metabolism off whack at that.
That's what he said.
No booze.
No caffeine and no booze.
Oh boy.
Hey, listen, you want to be healthy?
You want to live for a while?
You want to have like the temporary,
like all those nuts I indulged in this morning.
It made me sick as a dog.
Well, I'm not,
listen, I'm serious.
I'm not trying to be dramatic here.
But you really learn a lot about your body
and about why you've had all these problems over the years
when you go on this thing.
Because then when you've been off
of some of this stuff for a while
and you overindulge in carbohydrates
and you start going from one extreme of feeling great
to the other,
feel like you're choking on your fat.
You understand why?
When you have this problem,
and carbohydrates are like poison,
or like, they're like murder.
I feel like the attempted murder was done here this morning.
To that nut guy.
I think I'm going to have to go to the nut guy.
But keep it up pal.
Okay, thank you.
Okay.
Anybody got any good restaurants out there
that they want to plug?
We have an open line.
We just gave you a five minute plug pal.
I'll get nervous in there.
Okay, we give him this woody.
You know, this guy,
I'm telling you, he's just a graver,
Robert.
He's a step away from Wayne.
He's kind of like Wayne without the money and more here.
Open line and Broward,
5249463.
Here's Pemberg Pines.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Do you know if we had a dollar
for everybody who hated Drew Rosenail so much,
we could build that damn Wayne Heising
and his damn big enough arena for him.
Oh, good point.
Yeah, man, I'm telling you.
You know what?
Been off the diet for a week, gain 10 pounds.
Now I feel better because at least I'm not gaining any.
No, I'm not getting any.
You know what?
I had that go off of it.
I'll tell you another thing that really frost my ass
is that I'm, I got two scales,
one of which is a friendly scale,
which I knew months ago it was inaccurate
and it's low, you know.
But the problem is the new scale I've got,
which is supposedly accurate,
that's like stuck.
I mean, it's just moving so,
and the other scale, even though I know the number isn't right,
it's moving like this morning.
I lost two more pounds.
My total would be like about 18, 19 pounds now.
You got a chance of batteries and that thing.
There are no batteries in it.
Maybe that's the problem.
Yeah, can I have a shameless request?
Yes, sir.
I think you're talking about your pocket rocket.
That's what you're talking about.
Yes, sir.
Right, you can't.
What is it?
Right, you can't.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
See ya.
Open line and date, 751.
All a broward.
Why'd open, baby?
Why'd open up?
Well, I'm sitting here in desperately.
We're searching for the audience to lend a helping hand.
All they want to do is just yank it for me.
That's all.
Here's Neil.
Here's the doctor.
Here's the book.
And Edson, just leave him in the lurch with his god damn nuts.
I need can beer.
The beer for very good friends.
So, I'd like to tell you about my friend Lance.
Lance is in gay, but he has potential.
He's totally way-cute.
He's got tight little buns,
and he has good fashion sense.
Unfortunately, he likes girls.
So, here's my plan.
I'm going to invite him over to my place,
and I'm going to get him really drunk on a Heine can,
and then I'm going to b***** him.
When you want a piece of your friend's Heine,
make sure you've got lots of Heine can on hand.
Was that D-fo doing that or what?
Man, I'm serious.
If we could, when he comes in here today,
if he dares to show his push in this building,
he'll probably say, well, I'm going to be out of dolphin camp all day.
Yeah, we know.
I think there ought to be,
we ought to have a tongue checker
right at the top of the stairs.
When Andy Cal reports for work every morning,
nice and early, so we can go in the PD's office
and get a head start, so to speak.
And then when D-fo comes in,
and just check the shade,
you know how lucky you have the keto sticks,
and also if you have diabetes,
you have the thing where you prick your finger,
and you do the blood deal on the sticks,
and you check the shade of the color.
You check the shade of purple,
the shade of whatever.
I think we ought to start checking the shade of brown,
and we can have the award every day.
When it was the...
Sometimes.
Darkest of the half.
You have to say, what the f*****?
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 W I O D.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
