This is Connie Chon, Chris Baker is in here, but why don't you leave the message for him?
Smelly bitch, smelly bitch.
News talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD presents The Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD in date, 524 WIOD in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free, 1-800-944-WIOD.
And say the one customer's can call poundIOD at no charge.
Now, The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
Dr. Lament is hang cultured, but it's a photo.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
The Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
I know Michael from Coconut Creek and the only reason that he saw Forest Compass because I gave him a AMC gift certificate for his birthday.
PSC is ASHOL, love the show Thomas.
He is ASHOL, not an ASHOL, ASHOL.
And I know Michael, and you ain't no Michael.
I know John Kennedy, and you ain't no John Kennedy too, Thomas.
But brain dead, just like John Kennedy.
And brain stem Shula.
So here's another brilliant guy who knows, and of course yesterday I brought that up.
And we were just starting to get a little bit of response about Forest Gump.
And what happened then I just, the Tracy Nees screwed up my life again with those damn CDs.
And just when we were starting perhaps to get a little bit of herbal intercourse interchange on here here.
What happens but I bing all of a sudden the phone lines get flooded with freeloaders.
Oh, I'll take the aras berries and the cranberries and the strawberries and the fruit cakes and whatever you got, I'll take it.
Okay, you're tied away. It's in the mail, okay?
And we still have some of that left, but I had so locked away and because George is ill and he's actually not ill and his daughter.
Well, not really his daughter. Somebody in the neighborhood is ill today.
One of his daughter's little playmates is got a headache today.
So George is a business taking care of that.
Also, I do want to say this and I know this is not of import to 99% of you, but I'm going to say it anyway.
Because the last night I'm at Pomford O'Park in my good close personal friend Gary Sybel,
our prestige is tracking out to the best in the business.
It's sitting there having his dinner as he does every night with us before he goes upstairs to do his duty to do his thing.
And he's telling me a tale of woe because I do the handicapping show on Friday nights at Pomford O'Park.
And occasionally like every week I ripped a haul out of some of these so called drivers who couldn't drive their finger up there but or even somebody else's.
Because I think that if I'm going to give advice on people on which sources the bet and which drivers to bet on,
I should at least give a little information that don't waste your money on guys who almost never win a race.
I think that's a good piece of advice. Don't you? Yes, I do.
So, evidently some of the guys up there getting a little bit thin skinned and I don't want to mention any names all over Friday night tomorrow when I do my handicapping show I might at Pomford O'Park.
But anyway, so I had mentioned that Leon Cable who's one of our Michigan drivers.
Nice guy I've met Leon. In fact, he was up at my table a couple of years ago. One night he's a really good guy but can't drive much. Not too well.
And I mentioned, oh, this guy gets lost out there. Well, guess what?
Last night I got the program right here in the eighth race. Here's number one quality guy to be driven by Leon Cable.
Gary Sybel comes on the PA. Ladies and gentlemen, I let dry her change in this eighth race.
Number one will be driven by Kevin Wallace. Kevin Wallace, of course, is God, the greatest in the world, or at least the here anyway.
And guess what? Quality guy goes off at seven to one. I got him in the double, which paid like 57 bucks and wins the race.
A tough trip first over on a sloppy track and Kevin wins whipping and slashing and driving. Can't even see where he's going.
Wins the race, which if Leon was driving, he'd be finishing that race right about now. Here he comes.
So I, you know, you can bitch in mone all you want, but I rest my case. Okay. That to me, I think I embarrass Leon to put a real driver on at horse last night.
He wins the damn race. So you see 100% of something is something Leon.
100% of nothing is still nothing. Whatever the hell that means. In other words, get some real drivers on those horses.
All you would be guys and stop belly. I can stop the insidja bunch of cry, babies. Okay. Stop being such a bunch of pussy cats.
Anyway, also bell soft mobility is dead. You do know that I'm still a little bit leery. Hey, I was right indeed doing.
I'm still a little bit leery. Oh, I got so much to say about that about yesterday's Phil Henry show all that we can't say now.
I'm ready. Be so you got to leave a little pause in there because we say Ronnie. Be think it upset because yeah, I don't know what B has in be wildered.
But anyway, the bell south end comes first. I just I don't know. I'm a little bit leery because once again they haven't been very specific.
In fact, they don't they're not specific with us about anything between Bob Green and Steve Nickel bag who is busy doing his car and carpenter impersonation and doing a great job of it.
By the way, we don't know anything about what's going on. We just get a memo on one day while as of a couple of days, bell soft mobility is going off and they're disconnecting in too bad for them.
We'll still have the purple iron and that's it. Well, yeah.
I've got to be more to with than that. And then I asked the question of our general manager. What's the deal behind it? Well, they didn't want to be associated with us anymore.
About 45 days ago, they told us they gave us notice. They don't want to be associated with our station anymore. It's got to be a little bit more to with the meets the eyes.
So I wouldn't be surprised if some of our listeners out there have called bell soft mobility like that last guy that was on with Rick and Suds a few minutes ago.
I want to get some reports and spy reports on what they're saying and what this is really all about before I really go ballistic because I think as usual being a host here really good 1013 on your all host station W IOD.
We're trying sexual will try anything. All right, speaking of that by the way, big, big piece in the paper today. Can I say big piece I just did or hot piece in the paper today about Aaron summers. There she is.
A big I tell you that picture. It's it doesn't do her justice and that's not Larry justice. See the boys. He a goofball or what he is really sad. You should hear what Jason just said about Larry justice.
But anyway, phone sex here it is. Aaron summers is bringing passion phones or is that passion phone? Oh, sorry, sonny. Her very adult warm open honest discussion about sex to local airwaves and this again by Melissa Ruggieri Melissa Rogers and I said,
tell him girl, eh, I'll put you nose, eh? But and of course, like I said before, if you're a woman, see Randy always used to bitch off your woman.
And you don't get any publicity there. Bye bye bye. Women are I don't mind that at all women on the year get like a hundred times more publicity than anybody else.
And I've got my flight to Sweden booked already. I'm getting the change in a couple of months and that's it. Get back in the newspaper in a smokey murmur that could sue the rabid dog.
Aaron summers apologizes for calling 20 minutes late to discuss her Miami bound radio talk show. Scorch, she is contrite, but not flustered.
After all, what could embarrass someone who makes her living talking about orgasms and squirt squirt or all sex?
Summers is the newly defied. What is that? Nully def- oh, deified. Don't use big words like that, Melissa. We don't understand those here.
As in, no, God, the newly defied sex goddess of Florida radio whose passion phone show hits W.I.O.D. on Monday night.
She dabbled in sunbree job. She dabbled in it before coming to this thing and it goes on and on and on and on.
It's going to be great. We love you, Aaron. We're waiting with baited breath and so are all the guys in the audience. They're breathing hard already. They're working on it.
Including that Joe out there. He'll be listening. He'll be pretending to be listening to sports talk on QAM, but he'll be listening and he'll have his instrument in his hands. I guarantee you that.
Okay, Mr. Intellectual with all your stinking four letter words and all your radio expertise. You chronic. Oh, man. What a dick.
Okay, where are we going here to? And I got a million things about that Ronnie B thing yesterday, but I want to like stretch that out a little bit.
I don't want to lay it all on your right away. Here's Bill Glade. Hello.
Neil. Yeah. Good morning. Hey question. If one of your dogs takes a dump and you don't want it, you're giving it away for free. Can I have it?
Yeah. No problem. Hey, listen, I called you last bag. Is in the bag? Yeah.
Yeah. Excellent. I called you last week requesting a visit. The little one or the big one. I like the big one. Okay. It was free. I want a big no shortage. Yeah. I called you last week requesting a bit and you couldn't come up with it.
What is that? It was a John Bob at the Honey Motors thing. Did you ever find that? What are you talking about? I couldn't come up with it. My God. I searched and I scoured and I played it for you special. And you weren't listening to the show when I played it. You maniac. You played the same day? No. Okay. I my humble apology.
All right. I got it right here. I'll play it in a couple of minutes. My God. I went to like a mental hernia to get this. Just for you. Just for you. And you weren't there when I needed you the most. You weren't there. I appreciate you.
Sounds like a great song to me. Just what I needed you. You were gone. Where the hell were you? Well, Neil in a closing. Yeah. Chicken little. I plucked them. All right. Well, he deemed himself there beautifully. That was a lovely thing. Well, see now. That's why Bell South mobility doesn't want anything to do.
It's not us. It's you people. As Ross Piro would say with those beaty little eyes and those big embarrassing ears. It's you people. That's the problem.
Because they just don't want guys who talk about chicken pluckers on here using their phone. Of course, he was on cellular one and they don't mind that at all. In fact, they're pleased. They're delighted. And the cellular one line is open and available by the way at pound IOD.
And if that thing don't start ringing heavy duty pretty soon, I'm going to get really upset because it's going to prove to me that that thing still is a waste of time. And we don't see if this were a real. If this were an activist, if this were a spark plug kind of a town where you could light a fire under the public.
The only people, the only groups who can light fires under their audience are the ethnic groups. All they got to do is come on and fart right away. Everybody is marching. They got a 10,000 people parade. They want to raise money for some illegal aliens. They got a half a million dollars and two hours.
Here we're trying to do no matter what we try to do. It's like oh squeezing and yanking and pulling the most lethargic, the most non responsive, the most demonic, demonic as an evil.
And by the way, our center one total is still sitting there at 86,200. And I'm sure that's changed is the queen of the universe going to grace us with her presence today or what?
What's the deal on this? Is she ever going to come in and get her little fat ass up on that chair and change the total for us? Is she here today even? I didn't see her up there. She is here.
And Mr. Karen Carpenter in drag in there, the program directors, he's going to show his post. You know, I come in at nine. I'm waiting around 9, 10, 9, 15.
Not that I realize I get out of here right at 2 o'clock, but I'm involved in more stress and more angst and more grief and more pressure in the four hours and four and a half hours that I'm here every day.
Then these people if they were here from 9 in the morning till midnight.
And they just like wandering around. Well, where is everybody is somebody going to end like with a sales department? What are we doing? Are we taking them out to January off? Is that the deal now?
I have never in my life worked at a radio station where when the holidays come at the end of the year, they just kind of let everything disappears. And now, well, we're going to get our stuff there. We'll start all over again.
We'll start all over again.
There are stations that aren't even on the air anymore that have more spots on here than we got right. I'm serious.
There are stations that have been had their license revoked that aren't even on here that are running more business than we are.
Jason is pointing to the car racks up there. The commercial car racks. They're empty. There's nobody on the air.
And we also have an open line at Dave at 751 Forest Gump. I want a whole bunch of people, because that Michael at pseudo intellectual in coconut Greek, whose friend is illiterate.
I guarantee he's listening right now in town. He was challenging me by facts and speaking of by facts, by the way, oh gee, what did I do with that other great facts from Boy Greg, who says, don't use my name on your please.
Your damn right, I'm going to use your name on here to try to embarrass you and stop bothering me with this crap already. Get a life. Take up bowling. It's good for you. It's helpful. Go have a date with dog Carter or Gary Carter.
Please do not read this on the air. Once you send it to me, baby, it's my material. I'll read it if I want to, especially if it's from you.
It's been about a week since I last called you. He just called yesterday. I blew him off. Just called yesterday. It's been about a week.
This is like that guy that sings the poems all the time that always he called you the day before and he'll insist he hasn't called you for two weeks.
What is wrong with you people? Do you think my Alzheimer's is that bad? It's bad, but it ain't that bad. I wind up here every day. I find my way.
I don't call any other show besides yours besides yours. Let alone listen to them. Let alone. Let alone. Let me alone.
I had a shotload of material to discuss with you, but you cut me off in the call to. I'm not see there you go and the call to using little nealisms in his nealistic life.
I'm dropping in his facts there. Let me use the lines and you try to like come up with your own crap. Okay, Mr. Original. Call up Ronnie B.
I'm not like the other chronic that call your that call your show. Who called your show? Not that call your show. The guy can't spell his grammar sucks.
Not the chronic that call that would be like inanimate objects like cats and dogs that even they would be like whom?
I don't call unless I have interesting items to you. Greg, you've never had anything interesting to talk about. You call the show 700 times just today.
You said that I had nothing to say, but how do you know that because you didn't give me a chance? It's called neurotic repetition.
I'd like to continue to contribute to your show. And I promise that if you let me call again, I won't mention my name anymore.
PS, I've turned many of my friends on to your show. All young. Well under 100 years old. And then at the bottom, you're faithful.
Number one listener, boy Greg, boy, great. I'm just Greg. Now it's boy Greg. Where's that boy Greg? And at the bottom, he's got dolphins.
Number one with an arrow. Welcome back. When did I say it was a dolphins fan again? I'm going to jump on a bag of mine out because the Patriots lost.
And because I think Miami's going to be Sandy Diego, I'm going to jump out of it. You're crazy, man. You're dreaming. In fact, somewhere in Georgia's got those AFC championship game tickets locked away.
And by the way, if Miami should win a Cleveland Knox off Pittsburgh, which is unlikely that both will happen. But if it does, Tuesday night at the pizza loft, where we'll be for a center one fundraiser this Tuesday, five to nine p.m.
I'm going to like it. We'll have it drunk and we'll give them away. Not auction them off. Give them away. If those things should happen this weekend, but I doubt it.
1024 at your freebie station, W I O D. This is another snappy liner from the guy with a deep voice.
610 W I O D. Don't show up. I f**king don't.
Not to be outdone by the mad dog. The coach released an album of his own a collection of hand-dick tools sung by the coach himself.
Because you will say, all right, one fine day. You will look at me. You're going to know what I was doing with the Smiths of the East.
One fine day. You're going to want me for your dream and the coach never sounded old-fine.
So fine. So fine. So fine. My baby's not gone fast.
She's in the juice of the diamond's body.
One fine morning when I regained to the white-up brown brown.
She's in love with me. I feel fine. And for a change of taste, the coach is all kind, favorite.
My gal is red-high. Your gal is really good.
Well, he's so fine. So fine.
CUNE THE SING!
Available now at What the Sturm Music. Let's Bye.
Brainstem Shula Sings, man. It's a no more own already.
We need some help. 1028 at WI D. By the way, that other bit is in the machine already for that guy. It's getting very nervous that Jackie Gleason, a honeymooners bit my god.
I went through that exhaustive thing to find it. It happens every time. It's like that Elvis get done that I played at the start of the show today.
Get dug up. And I went through that big song of dance and I scoured through 8 million discs and I finally find it.
I played it about four times in two days just to make sure that guy didn't miss it because he was like dying.
He wasn't going to be able to conduct a business in his life unless he heard it.
And like three days later, oh, by the way, did you ever find it?
This is like your life, man. 10 to 2. You don't have time for other crap. You better get your priority straightened up.
Here is Weston. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Good morning. Yes, sir. First of all, I'm going to call every week and say, belt, south, sucks.
Yes. I'm home for 20 minutes. Not your fault. It's all their fault. Got to be important.
Yeah. And secondly, where Bob Soeper go?
Bob Soeper is his crew. Bob Soeper is dead meat on his station.
He's now the IODs. Get to him, huh?
We got the weather channel now. That's, uh, yeah, I agree.
Oh, well, that's part of our new deal that the Karen Carpenter got for us. The weather channel weather.
Yeah. Oh, in case you don't have the cable, you know, in case the weather channel goes out on your cable.
All right. I just want to find out where Bob was. Thanks. Go.
He's over there. Channel six. He's still doing it.
Take care, Neil.
Okay. See, okay. Good phone, too, by the way. Probably bought it from Bell Sound.
We have an open line in Broward 524 and the green line where they just see they have no interest in us in the green line.
They don't put, don't put on a pretense. Although if you are in Boken, you call. We'll give you something right away.
1-800-944-9463-1-800-944-WID. If you like something really great at no extra charge and you live in Bokeh, call immediately if not sooner.
And you're going to get something amazing. Trust me. Here's Pompano. Hello.
How you doing, Neil? Okay.
Uh, you have a Hank Goldberg spy report. Yeah.
Somebody called him up last night and asked him what he saw to manage. And he said, well, you know, it's a guy's job to analyze games and not to hoot and holler.
Hey, stupid. Yeah.
And every time the radio broadcast come into ESPN, everybody starts goofing on him. And he says I respect Jim, but I am embarrassed for him half the time.
Is he really? Yeah. I'm embarrassed for Hank all the time.
Yes!
But I started to get mad. I mean, we love him. We love our resume.
Everybody loves the mad dog. Hank is just sour grapes because, you know, keep in mind, the guy is calling in Ask in the Man who used to be the so-called Color Man, who is about as colorful as a dead frog.
Color Man on the soft and broadcast with Mr. Weaver. You do remember those days, not too middle-ungo a couple of years ago, right?
Sure do.
So he lost the job, which you know he'd give his left and right nut for to have that job back. So now every opportunity he gets, he's taking shots at Mandage.
Which again, Mandage is over here. He's over there. So he just another cheap shot.
Exactly.
Hank lives in a dream world, okay? Hank fancies himself. He wants to be Larry King. He wants to be Neil Rogers. He wants to be Howard Stern. He wants to be Jim Mandage.
And in the meantime, he's just fat Hank. That's all he would.
That's all he would. And if we didn't have Mandage on the Dolphin Broadcast, there wouldn't be six people listening to this radio station during Dolphin Gate.
Go to the bank with it.
Absolutely.
Tell Hank to get a life.
I will.
But Ask him how his wife's doing.
We have two open lines. They're both in Broward. Five two. Has he ever been married? Do we know for a fact?
We don't think so. We're checking on it. I haven't. Five two, four nine, four six three in Broward.
I wonder if there's a connection there. Let's go to Miami Lake. Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
You know, I picked up one of those monorodges shirts just today from Catcher Glory.
Great.
Excellent. Excellent shirt.
Larry King's fire report.
Do you see it last night?
Do I see what? Larry.
You think I watched the Larry King show? No, I do not.
Even channel surfing.
How was it the track?
Okay. Anyway, someone called up and asked about the size of Howard's penis.
Yeah.
And he didn't understand the question.
So Oprah had explained that it was a prank call.
Oprah had to explain how big Howard's penis was.
I should explain to him that it was a prank call because he didn't understand.
Because I, oh, that's right. Somebody told me about that this morning that when he got the call.
And he puts his thumb where they're supposed to be at penis.
And Oprah couldn't figure out what Larry was doing.
Exactly.
And then he said I don't have a ball spot.
Exactly.
Yeah.
The ice man is the orange ball.
And me will be there tomorrow night, sucking around without even fat rates.
The what?
The ice man is the orange ball.
The ice man?
From the orange ball.
The Italian ice guy.
Oh, yeah, right.
The Italian ice man.
Right.
Okay. Be a little more Pacific.
We'll be there sucking around tomorrow.
Okay.
All right. See it.
Oprah Line and Dave, 751.
You notice how none of these people every day come in here.
I go through the stuff that I think I really want to talk about.
Like the forest gump thing.
There must be somebody in this audience like about 500 people who saw it thought it was either a really crappy movie
Or maybe a horrendous movie or a piece of garbage.
Nobody wants to talk about that.
The thing with Bell Soft mobility.
I had to one guy with this scratchy phone, who let it suck, which we already know that.
But nobody evidently called over there.
I started to go into that and then I got sidetracked.
Because I got two million things going here including Ronnie B.
And man, I'm telling you, some of you people out there are so dumb that it's frightening.
It's just amazing.
It's astonishing.
It's almost in copyright freaking.
Henceable.
It really is.
Boy, I almost slipped on that one, but that would have been good.
Because that's what it is.
That I mean, Phil comes on and does his usual brilliant job yesterday.
And of course the timing was perfect with the demise of Ron and Ron in this market.
And they're saying one thing on the one hand and Neil Murseki and Zeta saying something else on the other hand.
And everybody's full of crap on both sides because the fact is that they went into a panic and Howard came in and they were about on the verge of getting blown out anyway.
And Rick had said already started them on their demise before how it even came on a year.
And they're a dead meat in this market and everybody knew that and that they would be.
And so Phil comes on and does his usual brilliant thing.
And the people that called in during that hour, I'm going to tell you, I handed on it home, which believe me, that takes a lot.
I'm always listening in the car on the way home to Phil.
But for me to turn on the radio at home, I mean, I get more than enough of my share here, okay?
But to turn it on in the house, and I'm listening to these people and these women, especially these women.
Oh, Ronnie, oh, you're a part of my life and mornings are never going to be the same.
And he started out the thing by talking about how they go the same thing that he did back a few months ago.
But they're more in the intellectual broadcast and their humor is more intellectual.
And the market is too stupid to understand their humor.
And then later on, the thing he goes into the thing about, he's starving, he hasn't eaten a meal in a week and a half in about 10 days.
And Phil is talking about he's going to send him $100.
And was he here in town now as he on a West Coast?
No, he's over in Tampa, but he can come on down and get it.
And these people are still calling in.
Ronnie B, hey, how you doing, Ronnie B?
It's just really, Phil Henry has opened up avenues of stupidity.
He's opened up my eyes so wide that my lids are ready to pop.
That's how open my eyes are.
I mean, I've always known, there was never a shadow of it, especially in this country, where education is a dirty word and being a jivas asshole dumb is the word.
The dumbing of America is complete, just about.
But I mean, this is above and beyond the call of normal stupidity or being naive or just a slow or just a gullible or easy or soft.
I mean, real soft, real real soft.
I'm just, I'm a stomach, I'm almost speechless.
And Phil is on many days opened up my flat, my eyes to the fact that there are a lot of just incredibly dumb people.
But yesterday was the coup de grace, 40-grar, Marty-grar.
Hey, Ronnie B, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Good luck, okay.
What?
What is that?
What do you, what do you be talking about, man?
What crap, what language would you be speaking?
I hope that many, many of you had an opportunity to hear that and are just shaking it right now, shaking your little head with all your might.
1036 at WIOD, please just keep it up.
The opinions expressed by the host, Guest or Colors, on WIOD, you're not necessarily those of this station or its sponsors.
All WIOD programs are copyrighted 1995 by WIOD Incorporated and may not be recorded or distributed without prior written consent.
Mr. Merrick.
Maditch.
You've seen the trial on CNN.
Now the TV movie America's been waiting for.
Ralph and Ella's Cremden Star has John and Lorena Bobbitt in Love Hurtz.
I'm warning you, John. Don't push me too far.
That's a laugh, Lorena. I'm the king in this castle, the K-I-N-G King.
I'm the one with the penis in this house.
Look, I'm tired of talking. I had a hard day driving a bus.
Now I'm going to take a nap and I don't want to be disturbed.
What was that?
Oh, she cut my penis off.
Hey, Johnny Boy, what's all the screaming in here?
Help me, Norton. She cut it off.
Cut you off from sex again, huh?
I don't have anything to have sex with.
You got to get me to a hospital. Any hospital, hurry.
Hey, Johnny Boy, looking for you that animal clinic was right down the street.
So you think I'm lucky, huh?
You think I'm lucky, do you?
I take a look at death-notting.
Who's right?
I think that elephant's trunk looks cuter down there.
How you do, huh? Hand me that playboy.
Help!
Hey, Johnny Boy, what a penis.
We need some help. We need some help.
Twenty to eleven at W.O.D.
Jason was just asking me if I was hungry and now we're going to get something to eat.
Of course, we haven't been doing a lot of that here, but Jason naturally is trying to seize the moment, the opportunity.
Because he knows a lot of free food does flow in here during these hours.
I just don't know where we would get food from at this point.
Although there is that Italian restaurant across the street that's somewhere we had the menu from.
The new one that'll last about a month like everything else over there.
And look pretty interesting.
And tomorrow we're getting more Italian by the way.
Tomorrow we're getting Rigatonis from Dan Trouser, Tropman, his other center food.
Anacopri is right across the street, by the way, where there used to be that deli that lasted for about five minutes.
And I don't know how we would get it or what the deal is, but maybe we can like investigate that.
Maybe like a little pasta or something.
Like maybe a little pasta and broccoli would like tomato sauce or Rigatonis anacopri with onion, prosciutto and pink cream sauce.
They got some pretty interesting things on a menu over there right across the street.
So maybe you can work on that and probably not.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward to indeed.
Boy, I was sitting here with Rick and said this morning and the phone was as I mean it was like not only bell soft mobility line had been yanked out.
Like somebody just yanked the whole goddamn thing out here.
And this morning they're here, they're there, they're gone.
You people are brutal today, okay? I'm going to tell you right now.
The one thing I'm doing, it's the new year.
I'm making not just a resolution, but I'm making a move right now.
And that is this.
From now on, instead of this, I'm not giving away anything more this week.
We can save those damn CDs for next week or I mean it's already Thursday.
But from now on, we're going to start talking about some crap instead of just having this entire radio station turn over to a bunch of free loaders.
Who the hell wants to hear a bunch of goddamn free loaders begging for crap on the radio?
Two open lines in days, seven, five, one.
I want some forest gump calls. I want some bell soft mobility calls.
I want some Phil Henry yesterday with Ronnie B calls.
I want to talk to some people who want to talk about crap that's going on.
Not about, oh hey, give me a washer and a dryer.
Give me a blender. Give me a million dollars.
That's not a goddamn radio station. That's not a life. That's not a show.
That's just massacism is what that is.
Free loading bastards.
Here's a nice lady in Miramar though. Hello.
Hello.
Hello. Yes ma'am.
I wanted to tell you I'm glad that there will be no more all-grade radio.
Right.
It's about time.
It's about your crap.
Well it is because...
I mean I don't mind once in a while if we got some like football tickets or something nice or like those Luis Miguel tickets.
You know what I mean? Give them the people in the audience who support you. You give them something back.
But I mean if that's all we're ever going to do here and we can't make a discussion about anything that's going on.
What kind of a show is that? What kind of a radio station is it?
My dad said that if you give somebody something for free or do it then my favor.
It's going to come back to buy you in the...
In the ass, that's right.
You're bad. Once you give it away for free you can never get a charge for it. You know that.
And I want to tell you I have cellular one. I've always had cellular one.
Look for you.
My husband got bell sounds in November.
What an idiot.
Yeah well he and I had a big discussion about it and he said no it was a better deal.
Well his first phone bill was $180.
And he had us on a contract and all this kind of crap.
So anyway...
See on cellular one you can say crap and they're not going to get upset about it.
Bell's off mobility they wouldn't want anything to do with you. They wouldn't want you using their phone if you say crap or even take one.
But I also wanted to say that I saw four scum.
It was different.
I like Tom Hanks.
Yeah.
I hate Tom Hanks.
Well sorry about that.
No but I'm just telling you that's why I wouldn't see the movie.
I mean if I like Tom Hanks I'd probably go see the movie.
I wouldn't see the movie and I wasn't really impressed.
Ah see this guy that sent me the facts yesterday he said that everybody, everybody that he had spoken to said it was excellent.
And I don't think it was excellent because based on most of the people I heard from it was pretty mediocre at best.
Well that's kind of what we thought about it.
Yeah.
And I took my 16 year old son, my husband who's 50 and I...
And you know we went through.
Yeah.
Well I hope your husband's getting with the program would sell it to one. Tom, why is up before it's too late?
Apparently I'm in a bad area over here by university drive.
But I wanted to tell you I'm glad that you're going to get back to some...
We're putting some meat back into it man. Trust me when I tell you.
Well I'm glad.
Okay.
I usually don't call because I'm laughing too hard.
Right.
Or pounding my steering wheel.
You're pounding it too hard.
Well the thing is I live in Jupiter and the only place I can get you is in my car because I'm not the light bulb makes you sound like QA.
There you go.
Well listen have a great day and tell your husband to butcher up a little bit.
See you.
Okay there was one of those real great cellular one connections too by the way.
I hope you appreciate that.
Pound IOD on that purple cellular one line.
Use it now or lose that too.
Let's start using it.
And I want to hear about some people and I'm going to say for the third time I keep trying to get into this
and I got so many other things on my plate today as Joey Reynolds would say if he had a show which he does not thank God.
But so many things on the agenda that I keep interrupting.
I was starting to say that if we had an activist kind of audience out there like the ethnic stations doing this town.
As soon as we whispered that Bellsoft mobility was yank of us we'd have had 20,000 people on the phone out there canceling their cellular orders with the Bellsoft mobility.
There would have been a stink the likes with which even the of the Japanese never sought Nagasaki baby.
That's how big that bomb would have been.
But in the meantime just like that day I was asking people to call over in Tampa on the center one thing because they wouldn't run the PSA's.
And they wanted to horror my show on the weekend and run the tapes.
And nothing.
A couple of old ladies called up over there that was it.
I mean you talk about a one way relationship man you talk about just lying down on the floor and spreading them.
That's what this place is all about.
And that includes whether we're talking about the management and I don't want to say that I heard it through the grapevine.
But I got a little note under the door here this morning that the Christmas bonuses this year that it was like in a minus column that the peons,
the people are coming here to put all the nuts and bolts and nuts especially together every guy damn day.
They were given like a little IOU slip like turn it back in you OAS $50.
That's how much we appreciate your efforts.
Have a nice holiday and pay us 50 bucks because we're losing money.
Oh here's a spy report on Bellsoft. Hello.
Hey now.
Yeah.
That update for you.
Bellsoft says the whole problem is with your station.
You guys would not renew your contract.
That's what I thought.
No.
No.
We're getting to the meeting.
You know something.
This is what I suspect.
And now again it's a question of who do you believe?
A question of credibility.
They said they wanted to but you guys wouldn't do it.
How do you speak to?
I spoke to customers rep supervisor.
You see this is the kind of thing that inside here they would tell us they would never.
I smelled it yesterday.
I started smelling it like you ever smell a dead rat that died.
Like when I used to work in Sarasota we used to have mice that died in the transmitter because it was out in the country.
And boy if you ever smelled a dead rat or mouse man there is no smell in the world anything like that.
Even when I cut one in here yesterday before Phil show it didn't come close to the.
I'm serious.
There's nothing like a smell in a rat.
And I am beginning to believe that we're being yanked around internally here.
That we're being lied to that there's information being withheld.
And I resent that bitterly and I hope that Bob Green is listening up in his office right now because I think this whole thing sucks.
I want to see I want to see the letter from Bellsoft mobility that says they don't want to be associated.
I mean here I'm putting my neck out on the line.
I'm going on the year I'm raining and raving about what a bench bench bud of people they are.
And in the meantime I'm not so sure that this is what the deal is really all about.
It just doesn't make any sense to me it doesn't sound right to me.
It's not right Neil.
Okay.
Who did you speak to?
I spoke to a supervisor of the customer service department.
Yeah.
They're quite upset about it themselves.
Are they really?
They really are.
What possible reason could we have for not wanting to renew the contract?
I guess it's a business decision.
But I thought the whole deal is like a trade.
I thought it's a pre-be this thing.
That's the radio business.
I don't know.
It's the radio.
It's the monkey business.
It is not the radio business.
This is our livelihood.
This is our bread and butter.
This is our life in here.
This is our life.
Well, they're sucking a blood out of us.
They have vampire days.
They have a shot about you.
Neil.
You're right.
Okay.
Good day.
Okay.
Now we're starting to sniff our nose in a little bit more.
And I believe this guy because they've been very evasive.
Very evasive on this whole thing.
And I challenge Bob Green or that nickel bag douche bags.
They're carrying carpenter.
Lookalike and arrow calls himself a program director.
I challenge them to come on a year here.
I'm not talking about one of Phil's voices.
I'm talking about coming here and tell us the real story.
What's going on with the Bell South mobility line?
And while all of a sudden, like one of our very important lines,
our communication, our link to the outside,
to the intellectuals on the outside of this building,
our link to the public, our link to the asset, the masses.
Why that's gone?
Don't you doubt the a veracity of these things that we've been?
Even Jason, who knows that these people are a bunch of putt whackers.
Even Jason's nodding his head and said, I think they're full of crap.
If he acts me.
Because certainly there would be something a little bit more specific,
a little bit more detailed.
But they've been very shady and very elusive and evasive.
And every time I ask a question about, well, what's the real story out of this?
Well, look at this.
Yeah, yeah, look at this.
How about that Pat Currie, huh?
Like I asked, what's Pat Currie doing in here yesterday?
And it's a big joke.
You can't get a straight people out of these answers.
Where we going?
Here's another spy report.
Hello.
Yeah, right.
I'm on my cell one line.
It's my dime and I've been waiting.
But I thought I would give you a little thing.
This other guy kind of stores full my funder.
That's OK.
I called it 920 customer rep.
I got a hold of a Mr. Bowers.
Mr. Bower?
Yeah, with not Johnny Bower, was it?
I don't know what his first name was.
But in any of the nights of over the school,
I said, we enjoyed the Bell South line of which I used to have,
which I no longer do.
Right.
And he indicated that they were, in fact, extremely upset
that they were happy with the relationship,
that they did get a good advertising program as they felt from you.
And they really had no understanding or maybe they did.
And he wasn't telling me because I was just somebody calling.
They had no understanding of what?
Well, they had no understanding.
Is that the YIOD didn't want to be associated with Bell South any longer?
And they were upset with it because they had to pay for it.
Wait a minute.
WIOD doesn't want to be associated with Bell South mobility line of longer?
You couldn't understand that because he thought it was a good deal
from his position as far as Bell South.
It was a good deal for both of you.
And of course it was.
Well, that's what I mean.
And now you're down to Spinole 1.
And of course I'll never be able to get in all this other stuff.
So for some particular reason, and of course you're the only one
or somebody going to find out at IODs,
exactly why they blew out Bell South.
I have no clue.
But they are concerned about it.
And they didn't want to lose the deal because they thought it was a good revenue
and have them from them as far as advertising my God all day long.
Well, okay, Bell South, Bell South.
And now that's no longer there.
Of course, of course they were getting like 80 billion mentions every day on a station.
And we were getting like a free phone calls for all you people out there with your cell phones.
And that's the way the deal works.
Anyway, I gotta go, but I thought you'd be interested in that.
And I really like to know why IOD blew them out the door.
Believe me, if there's anybody going to get to the bottom of it,
I got to shovel out right now.
Thanks a lot.
Uh-huh.
See, that's why I try to get you people involved in this stuff because internally here,
all I can say to these upper level and middle level and...
You're a bastard.
Exactly.
And they put us on here and stick our necks out.
Just just keep sticking out a little further.
Okay, here comes the old machete right down on your neck.
And go on here and try to speak.
And in the meantime, you don't have any goddamn information.
They're just playing with us here, man.
There's some kind of game going on in this place.
And before we come back from the 11 o'clock news during that 11 o'clock to 11 o'clock,
I'm gonna just storm up and down the halls and start like spitting in every direction
and find out what the hell's going on in this toilet of a sewer of a wonderful place.
The wonderful Isle of Dreams, where it's 1052.
610, W-I-O-D, the other electrically powered toy for adults.
Good for you, man.
And I second every emotion.
1054, in fact, I got something I want to play right now that I think is the timing is perfect for it right here.
Bus is on in Miami, walking downstairs.
It didn't see hangs like a stick and out.
By the grab the handrail, but Gary greased it good.
He won't be signing anybody out.
Oh, feeling pain is typical and working in this place.
Nothing, you ain't worth nothing unless you're working for free.
Oh, bust your ass or bust your arm, it's all the same to me.
Bustin' it is good enough for me.
It's good enough for me and Bob A. Green.
W-I-O-D, where we lie a lot.
It's 1055 here on a great Thursday.
Happy Thursday to you, man.
I would sure like to get to the bottom of what's going on in this place.
And as usual, we are the last ones to know.
And where you're a link, we're the ones on the air.
So what's going on over there?
We don't know.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Aaron Summers, I know.
Switchful thinking sounds like to me.
Here's Boka. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Question.
She don't start till Monday night and already they're hopping on it.
Yes.
Where does she look like in person?
Better than the picture.
That picture is incredible.
It is? Oh, yeah.
If you like the picture, you like her.
The picture doesn't do her justice.
No, can you send her over, please?
It doesn't do her justice.
Let me ask you a question.
These sports guys in this town.
Yes.
Most of them are pretty weak.
Does anyone really think that Dennis Erickson has the qualifications to coach in the NFL?
Yes. I don't.
I think it's the joke.
Although, you know, something the same might have been said about Jimmy Johnson.
A lot of people doubted, old Jimmy when he left here and went to Dallas and he lost 85,000 games that first season.
And then he winds up winning two Super Bowls.
Oh, Jimmy had a vision. This guy.
Jimmy had a vision. This guy's got bad vision.
You know what? You know what? I see the difference.
I don't know that there's that much difference because you know, if Howard Schnellenberger were here and a lot of people didn't like Howard,
he was a very tough, hard-nosed, asked-biting kind of guy.
But Howard Schnellenberger would never in a million years have permitted the kind of shenanigans to go on here that go on with this U of M football team.
It never could have happened in a million.
He wouldn't have sat still for it for a minute.
And it started. I'm going to say it again.
Now, care what Fat Hanks says. It started with Jimmy Johnson.
Just don't forget that fiesta ball going out there in those fatigues like a bunch of thugs and all that kind of phony tough-ass image they put and talking trash mouth and all this other.
And in the meantime, get their ass whipped by a very weak that earpens state team, right?
Remember that?
Well, I like you, I'm-
But I'm just- I don't care whether you like him or not. I'm just telling you what the story is. I don't care whether you like him or not.
Are you right, Jimmy? Start it.
He started allowing his crap and now Dennis comes along and he's just a prisoner at this point.
He's just a passenger. He's along for the ride and believe me what I tell you, this whole group of alumni and the players, they're the ones that are calling the shots.
They're the ones that are running the show.
And I also heard- and I can't tell you who I heard it from yesterday, but I heard on very good authority that there's a very serious racial rift that's going to be.
And there are those who believe that there are a lot of players on that team that will not play for Frank Costa. They will not put out for him.
That's a problem.
And after watching all the passes that got dropped on the Saturday night and after seeing the lack of any pass blocking for him, I'm beginning to believe that maybe that might be the case.
Probably the case.
Let me ask you one more question before you blow me off here.
A bigger pardon?
The thing with Ron and Ron?
Yes.
What was the station going after 18 to 34 with those guys to get technical here?
Yeah.
What did you like doing really well on that time?
Until howard, until, well yeah.
But Rick and Suds came on and they started eroding their overall audience, especially 25 to 54.
And then Howard came on and his main audience is 18 to 24 year old males.
And they started going in the right way, they panic over there and probably they made the right decision and they blew them out.
I'm not preferless than I am a...
Well there you go.
On $1,290.
Where are you?
I'm in Boca.
Oh well you can hear it.
That's $1,290.
Booms pretty much everywhere.
It seems like.
Well you can hear it like from Central Broward North, not too bad.
You can hear it.
I haven't really thought one day of even drought.
To some more morning if I'm thinking about he's still alive.
Yeah.
Because if he was like really alive, he was really great, you know.
But we'll see.
So what do I get?
You get my best wishes, Jose.
For a great new year.
Okay.
And go canes.
See ya.
Far soon we hope.
We'll pack your sandwiches.
We have an open line in the Green Line, 1-800-944-9463.
As the mystery continues here at WIOD, as we continue just surrounded by the shroud,
this cloud of lies and in you window and lack of integrity and lack of communication,
and just leaving us here to flounder for ourselves.
You just have to really wonder what the hell these people are thinking about.
You know, what are they thinking about?
I mean I've only got like four years and ten months left on my team.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see the real deal here, but who's counting of course.
I would be very disappointed if they came in here right now and said,
well, we're selling the station to Ron Popeeli's going to come on and sell pocket fisherman 24 hours a day.
Here's a check for $50 billion.
We're going to pay you off.
Thanks very much for your great work, those big ratings.
For working your ass off and really caring enough to bring your very best every day.
Have a nice life.
Go off to Italy, go wander around in Europe, go have a wonderful time, and good luck to you.
And see ya.
And I would look up at them and I would have to really think about that for one or two seconds.
And I would look back and I would say, see ya.
Tank Goldberg, eat your heart out.
News, talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Park this, good morning at 11 o'clock. I'm Tariq Griffin.
610 WIOD News, that dreaded trip to Miami International Airport won't be so bad once a news 1600.
News, talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD in date.
524 WIOD in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free.
1-800-944-WIOD.
And so you know, one customer's can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a news talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Oh my god, if you play Hank Goldberg again, I'm gonna fucking throw up.
What's the deal with the Glandel party?
Actin' tough since they climbed on top.
Don't they realize it's just too easy?
They might be on the floor and look in the up.
And the other side is acting so pathetic.
Like it's a bad disease to be democratic.
Everybody's saying there's a new way to come and bother still politics.
Oh, doesn't matter what they say they're gonna do.
Cause they never seem to get it done.
To save a little class, they say they'll come to tax.
But they wonder why they're not gonna come.
They must think we're really done.
Don't matter what part it was elected.
Cause the other one is gonna scream.
Now they're saying that they all work together, but it just ain't how it seems.
A damn agonist, a new house speaker.
Every day is their old problem's getting weaker.
Democrats, Republicans, liberals, conservatives, it's all politics to me.
Everybody says there's a new way of coming, but it's still politics to me.
Well, let's take a vote and find out.
It's 1107 at WID.
They know, but we don't.
As usual, the audience knows.
Let's find out from the audience who's gonna be on Sturdy Monday night at midnight, okay?
Maybe it's Chris Baker, but I sure am pretty sure it's not.
Although this article in the Sunsendle says his show hasn't been rescheduled yet.
A new time slot has not yet been decided for the Chris Baker show.
What the hell does that mean?
Don't got any new time slot.
And just all these bizarre things going on here that nobody can figure out.
This is Connie Sean, Chris Baker is in here, but why don't you leave the message for him?
Good luck, Chris.
You'll need it.
And don't buy a house.
But seriously, so I just went into our Steve Nickel bag, Karen Carpenter, and drag program director.
And he tells me that this, whatever bell soft mobility is telling us, some of these people is absolutely incorrect.
It's full of crap.
So, Liar Liar pants on fire.
We got a letter from them about, uh, whenever the hell it was saying that they were exercising a 60 day option that evidently was in a contract with this radio station.
And that they were opting out and not want to continue with the bell soft mobility line on WIOD.
And that in the letter there was no explanation offered.
And evidently, from what I had heard before, and Rick was just telling me, in other like ramblings and rumblings around the deal was they didn't want you people saying whatever it is you're saying on their phone line and didn't want to be associated with us.
And whatever whatever is going on in here here, period.
So, if there are people at Bell, South, and I hope they're listening right now, and I'm sure that some of them are, if you people, there we go with that line again.
If you people are telling the, uh, your customers that the reason that you're not, we don't have the, and their life goes on.
We still got 80 million calls on the board.
But it's just a, it's a pile of crap is what it is.
And it has to do again with this business of censorship and pressure and all this other garbage that's going on in America today.
Supposedly where we have a first amendment, but it's only good for people who want to shoot up abortion clinics.
And if you want to do a radio show or a TV show and a Newt King Richard, some other right wing asshole don't like it.
Ah, let's pull them off the air. Let's pull the Bell South line.
You're a bunch of liars over there at Bell South and Rility. That's what I say.
If the information I'm being given inside here is correct.
And I'm sure that nobody in this radio station would ever, ever deceive me, whatever twist the story, whatever embellish it in any way, shape or manner.
I'm positive of that. Then, then you people over there are liankin' a chain of these callers.
And I had two of them back to back right there who talked to Johnny Bowler or whatever the hell his name is.
And they're, they're going to start getting pretty upset when they find out that they've been deceived as in lied through somebody's teeth.
Here's Miami. Happy Thursday.
How you doing?
I was listening to that financial show on Waxy yesterday and someone brought you up, so that it's big.
Yeah. Can I hear it?
Can I hear what?
I don't know. I can't hear it.
Can't play their crap on here. What is wrong with you people? Is this man listening to this show or what?
What the hell gives a cruise listening to Waxy? He's listening to a station for 200-year-olds and he wants to play a piece of tape on here here.
Bring up this, you idiot.
We have an open line in date, 7-5-1.
And look at the purple line, a cellular one line. This is what we are left with now.
This is the line that nobody ever called on in the first place and now this is our, this is our link to the 75-80% of our audience that's out there driving for a living, riding and toiling up and down the just the terrain air hair out by the roots.
Pound IOD baby, before it's too late, we lose that one too.
Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood.
Hollywood.
That's you.
Yeah, that's me. Oh my god. I almost fell asleep and I have to go to work.
Almost fell asleep.
No.
Well, it's a good thing I woke you up then. I probably saved the day for it.
Oh my god.
Neal? Yes.
Am I talking to you? I just wanted to say, because then in your Keppla, I could listen to you all day.
Oh my god.
Any, I met you at Aventura when you were there.
Yeah.
I was the first one there to you, Ruth. I don't know if you remember.
No, I don't, Ruth.
No, that's okay. That's okay.
I don't expect you to.
We had at least 10 or 12 people show up that day. It's not easy to.
No, I was there before anybody. No, that's okay.
But I just wanted to tell you that I saw the Ron, Ron, listened yesterday to the Ron and Ron things.
He was so pathetic that he was so, oh I can't think of the word now.
Who is pathetic?
Ron, the one that was talking about...
Ron, he was just like begging and pleading and defensive.
I felt sorry for myself.
I felt so sorry for him that I thought, why don't they cut it off and a woman called and she was so nasty.
I couldn't believe anybody could talk like that.
They were cursed and dead.
She was nasty to Ronnie B?
Yes.
Terrible.
What?
Guys down and on is lucky.
He hasn't had a sandwich in 10 days and she was nasty to him.
He asked.
Relentless bitch.
He was asking for a, like a donation.
Yeah.
I couldn't believe, honestly, it just broke my heart.
I never knew about these people.
I never listened to it.
I work and I'm working now.
That's why I was so afraid if I hang up, you'll say see, Ali would always hang up.
And I didn't want to say that because I do have to go to work.
That's great.
But I just, and you know, I've noticed there was someone on Phil's show one day also.
He was going to write a letter to the Chamber of Commerce.
Why we have bad weather here?
Because they promised him good weather.
Yeah.
And I mean, these idiots that call them say,
it's frightening isn't it, how dumb people are, really, it's astonishing.
Oh, my, it's so swell.
I see it on the wrap.
Yeah, it's just frightening.
Yeah.
But I don't understand.
Terrifying.
Why, oh, you're the only one on a stuff you'd say.
I know.
The only one that can see through all the bull crap.
Well, I enjoy it.
I listen to you and I say, oh, I can't believe that I'm hearing these things.
Everything that I'm thinking.
Saying those things.
So, these guys, and I'm good, and I was good in English grammar.
Yeah.
Those things, I love that when you said it's correct.
And it's correct that it hurts in this morning.
It was cute.
You have a great day.
You're very cute.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Okay, there we go. I rest my case.
How are we doing over here?
Oh, we're fine.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward 5249463.
What on the green line there?
Baby, let's go wake up on the green line and Boka and West Palm Beach and Jupiter in Delray Beach and Lake Worth.
Let's get off your dairy air.
Let's get off your fat-pastairier.
Let's hop on the phone.
I want to hear from 100 people today who saw forest gump, rhymes with stuff.
I wonder if it was good that it sucked.
I want to respond to that fact I got yesterday saying that I'm not a real man.
Okay.
Until I go see forest gump and until I start licking Tom Hanks all over his putrid disgusting, wretched body.
With a rotting brain that he's like, there's something to happen to that man.
He just, you know, he's a legend in his own behind mind.
There's just something desperately wrong.
What was that?
Just an asshole on the green line?
The asshole line.
Hello.
Yeah.
Forest gump was awesome.
It was great.
It was.
Was this Mike and Coke on a creek?
No.
Call him for Juno Beach.
It was awesome.
Get out of here.
Oh, it was very good.
It was awesome.
Well, you got to be in there.
As compared to what?
Bambi come home?
You got to be into that kind of stuff.
You got to be into what kind of stuff?
Well, you got to like history and a little suspension of disbelief.
Suspension of disbelief.
Kind of like when you listen to Hank Olper.
That sounds like a pseudo intellectual phrase if I ever suspension of disbelief.
In other words, into bull crap is what you try to say.
I'm watching too much Larry King.
I think you've been listening to Ronnie Beat Too much on the Phil Henry show.
That's what I think.
Like that woman I just called from Hollywood.
Do I have to rest my case on that?
It was, you know, it's different strokes or different folks.
In other words, you could take it or leave it is what you're really saying.
Well, it was okay.
It was.
It had its moment.
Yeah.
But if you didn't like Tom Hanks, would you like the movie?
You could because it was like a, it was a history piece.
So if you like history and stuff, it was, it was good the way they did that.
It was hysterical or hysterical.
I think I'm both, the special effects were good.
Like Connie and a godfather.
Remember she's hysterical.
Like Connie Chung?
Connie Chung and a godfather, right?
When she looked, what's her name right in the face and she said,
she's a bitch.
Yeah.
You know what else didn't like you like this?
It was Harry Smith.
Didn't like what?
Didn't like Boris Gomp.
All right.
I always liked Harry.
I hate that bald spot, Harry.
All right.
Good man.
He said he was talking to the, he's a brilliant man.
He was talking to the possum and he said, uh, the possum?
Yeah.
The guy does the weather.
That's what I call him.
The possum.
Mark McEwan is the possum?
We look like one.
Possum's got a hell of a suntan.
I'll tell you that.
And a fat face.
Anyway.
A possum?
He said he didn't get it.
And I guess he was talking about the movie.
I don't know.
I don't think he gets it.
If you'd looked like that, you wouldn't be getting it either.
Well, thanks for your tremendous input, pal.
Time to suspend your beliefs.
Later.
Have a great life.
It's time for a suspension of disbelief.
That's a great line.
I like that.
That is a tremendous suit line.
If I ever heard one.
If you're into suspension of disbelief, then you'll love the bull crap we're going to lay on you right now.
In fact, speaking of suspension of disbelief, don't forget Phil Henry at two.
Oh, there we go.
He's big in the suspendering your, okay, disbelief.
All right.
All right.
Okay.
Calm down.
And don't be saying Ronnie B on here anymore.
Okay.
Cut it out, Phil.
It's a...
Oh, man, 1116 at W.I.O.D.
and my hats off to that lady in Hollywood, she just opened up a whole new dementia of my mind.
Collegations are put orphanages back in the news.
And that's why we're putting them back on Broadway.
In the cat mizgett, written by that little dickens, Newt Gingrich.
Please, Newt, please now have some more.
It's political twist.
Won't pay anything for kids not anything.
Your welfare free ride is through.
Political twist.
The story of one man with clouds and millions without.
Take them all away from their mothers.
Boys town is where they should go.
Here's what people are saying about political twist.
I miss my baby.
I'm a warrior.
Who's don't give a hoot?
He's trying to hold us.
Political twist.
It's the musical for the 90s.
The 17s.
1119 at W.I.O.D.
is we drift back into the dark ages with Newt and Bob.
And the Gantza Mishpah.
It's a beautiful thing, ain't it?
And of course everybody else is just rolling over and saying,
Hey, stick it to us baby.
We love it.
We like it.
It feels great.
Let's go to Aventura.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you today?
I am really parked off.
I'll tell you that right now would be lying people at Bell
Softmability.
How do you like that?
Lying to the public, turning it around, trying to say that it was our
decision when it was indeed not.
How do you know?
So I'm told.
Well, I'll tell you told.
No, no, listen, even the people in here would never go to that depth to lie about
things like that.
I hope not, Neil.
Neil, is your chronic caller called yesterday again?
You told me don't get chronic on you.
No, you call me every day now.
I think I've been called three days in a row.
I've listened to you.
I think you're great.
Well, great.
Have a nice day.
We have an open line in day, 7-5-1.
See, I don't understand what's wrong with some of these people.
They don't get the message.
This guy who quite frankly is a good guy, but has got a very boring sounding voice to begin
with and sounds like he's in a coma.
And of course, if you move here from Boston, you'd be coma to us very soon too, because
you'd be in culture shock.
But I'm sorry, man.
Cut the crap.
Call like once a week would be good.
That's a nice, if you want a definition of chronic, it's somebody who calls more than
like once a week.
Maybe twice a week if they really have something meaningful and important and stimulating and
testosterone inducing the contribute.
Otherwise, give it a rest.
Be a little passive.
Lay down and take it like we are right here.
Take it like a man.
And listen.
Oh, that's very sad.
Sad indeed.
The green line is open, which is also sad indeed.
I still say, what are we going to do with this line where the bell-soft line used to be?
And with a green line, let's have another date and another brow.
Let's have some phone lines, which I'm sure that that would be cheaper than that God-day
made hundred line, which every time somebody's on hold on there, they're paying up the
nose, right, on an 800, like the meter running.
At least some lines that might get it, I underline might get used once in a while, and
we've got something to give away.
I mean, what we have something to talk about.
But that green line, man, is Palm Beach sting.
Who the hell are we, Hoson, man?
Is nobody in the world believes we got anybody listening in Palm Beach?
Thank God that we canceled that thing at the Boca Town Center that we never got in
there.
That would have been the biggest, I mean, to the schlep all the way up there at a Boca and
sit there looking at an empty wall.
Who the hell was the broad that was sitting looking at an empty wall?
Some, oh, she had written a book and she didn't appearance in a wall.
They headed, I was watching it on the satellite newsfeed one day about ten days ago.
The wife of some entertainer also went at an old actress.
I can't think not Lauren Bacall.
She always, they line up, all the old bags line up for Lauren.
But this was some other bag.
And she was sitting there alone.
And they had like two security guys.
There nobody came by.
Nobody, they had an announcement in the mall.
And she just sat there staring off into wilderness.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Going once.
Up yours.
Here's Ojas.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
What's happening?
How you doing, sir?
Good.
I don't know.
This town seems pretty dead.
They got a hearing.
Seems pretty dead.
Pretty.
They got what?
They got Gary Shanling coming down in in concert with Sherman Hemsley opening up for him.
All right.
That's pretty heavy duty, man.
How are you going to go?
I'm going to be right over there.
Sherman going to wear his two-two or what?
Oh, man.
He's going to be wearing it all with Tom Willis.
I decide.
Anyway, if you want real entertainment, you got to check out the band Carnival.
Excellent group, man.
Freddie Takos on drums.
I'll necklace on bass.
Okay.
Have a nice life.
Call up Phil and talk about local entertainment.
We have an Opal line, Opal line, Opal line, in day 7-5-1, one in Broward 5-2-4, and the
green line, which today is the last day for the Florida Watch line.
By the way, I'm insisting they take that out.
If we have to do without Bell South mobility, we definitely can do without that.
Because it's like a slap in the push to sit here and look at that thing.
And then the minute that I give away the CDs, which I do have the raspberries that I'm
going to give away in a minute, 1-800-944-946-3 on the green line, this is your last opportunity
and you lose it.
And that's a promise for Lauderdale on the Purple Line.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Cellular one line.
Nobody there.
Okay, thank you so much.
Here's Pemberpine.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First of all, your first gone movie, I think?
Yes.
I think that guy just really, you know, he thought that was him, so that's why I think
he likes that much.
Wouldn't be surprised.
You know, I think he can relate to it.
I think you can really associate himself with that.
And when a guy's got a friend who's so illiterate, he says, I know that guy and he spells
no NO.
What does that tell you?
An A-A-F-L.
Everything you need to, NO.
Yeah.
But anyways, that Brian Banting guy yesterday?
Yeah.
One idiot.
I don't even know why people would even call and talk to that asshole.
He was pretty pathetic, wasn't he?
He was, I mean, he was given a sad story and then I was sent somebody asking a question
and he goes, Buck Wilde on.
He goes, why?
Buck Wilde.
Buck Wilde.
Yeah.
Buck Wilde?
Art Buck Wilde?
Yeah, like Buck Wilde, Buck Wilde, same thing.
Buck Wilde, yeah.
Yeah, you know, I mean, Ape shot.
I mean, you know, I wouldn't even give that guy the time of death because it's show
really.
In other words, you wouldn't give him 100 bucks that you need for a couple of meals either.
And we can probably want to eat at Donatello some expensive fancy restaurant too, you know.
If I saw him on the side of the street, I wouldn't even give him two cents.
Good thinking.
You know.
Have a great day, Bob.
Okay, see you later, yeah.
He probably wouldn't even eat at Crystal and they got a great Crystal over there on Dail
Maverick and Tampa right across from Donatello's as a matter of fact, right across the
down the street, little ways.
There's a great Crystal and you get like 600 burgers for a dollar there, I think.
And if Ronnie would just, if he would just, you know, budget his bucks a little bit better,
he could probably stretch it out.
I'll tell you, you know what I'm going to do?
The rest of the day, just take your radio, put it by the window, crank it up as loud as it
will go.
If you're in your auto right now, just roll down the window, crank it up.
They are, I'm telling you, stupid would be the utmost compliment I could pay to the American
people.
That would be a tremendous compliment, stupid, ignorant, retarded, mentally, mentally,
mentally, mentally missing, what is it?
I mean, what can you say?
But the guy had a point, Ronnie Bees sounded like a dodo bird to me yesterday.
Had the balls to come on here and beg for food.
That was real.
By the way, when's our lunch coming?
It's here now.
What are you pointing at?
Starlines ringing.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
How is that possible?
Now, what was that?
The starline, the Bell Soft mobility line, if you have Bell Soft mobility, just do us a test,
okay, like an EBS test.
Just pound, don't pound, just star it.
Star IOD real quick.
It just rang.
And then that click was the same click that we would always hear like the click.
Star IOD, baby.
If not, then you know that came from the inside.
That came from Bell Soft mobility.
Do you know what I'm saying?
What is that?
What do you like to shake in your head about?
I tried to get through on the line today earlier when I was out.
No, but it just happened now.
Just this moment.
Or did somebody in this building?
It's somebody inside the building?
It would be.
Nah.
In the back?
I don't think so.
I think it's somebody at Bell Soft mobility, dicking around with our phone line.
That was very, very interesting.
It just rang.
It just rang.
The goddamn thing just rang.
I'm going to tell you right now, you people at Bell Soft mobility, man.
Look at Broughtzi.
He's got a big fish in his vest.
And he's going to deliver it to you like in a second or two in a plane wax paper wrapper.
We have an open line in day, 7, 5, 1.
And it's not right.
It's not evidently still working on the outside, but somebody on the inside, somewhere.
What's the word?
Is that about the align?
That was Jeff.
Jeff, who?
Ponytail.
Jeff Ponytail.
What the hell does he want?
We got a radio show to run here.
We got an important crisis here.
And goddamn Jeff Cohen is calling here again to get his name on the air.
Bug off.
Needlehead.
What an idiot, man.
Just get it.
What did he want?
Say Starling doesn't work.
Not the only thing that ain't working on it.
I'll tell you that.
Here's Pompato.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Down on vacation from Winter Ontario.
Hey, Winter Ray.
How you doing?
How's Winter Raceway going?
How's that Mardi Adler doing up there at Winter Raceway?
Mardi Adler is doing fine.
I see him on a satellite.
I see him on an old satellite every night.
Mardi Adler is still calling a race.
He's 100 years old, eh?
Yeah, you got divorced last year.
Did he really?
Well, he sounds like a sour push to be honest with you.
Casino Winter is going great.
Other casinos going good?
They're doing over a million a day.
Unbelievable.
They're probably killing the track, eh?
It's hurting the track.
Well, that's the brakes.
You got to give the public what they want.
You got to give them the action.
Well, I'll ask for sure.
Public Watson, actual, man.
Ed Jovenowski is watching up.
All the goons in the league are taking a run at him.
So he's sort of holding his own there.
In what league?
He's in the IHL, the A-H-L, the...
Oh, HL.
Oh, HL.
All right.
And how's Don Cherry holding up through the middle of all this
and Bob Kohl and Harry Neal, which by the way, those guys
are getting paid in case you didn't know that.
They've got a good contract.
They've got a hell of a deal.
They're getting paid.
They're sitting on their ass.
It's a great deal.
They sure have.
Don Cherry's watching all his old tapes, huh?
The enclosing I want to give you this starting lineup
for the Maple Leafs 47-48.
A little bit before my time, Pally, but go right ahead.
The Oberokko Garth Bush on defense.
Yeah.
Peter Kennedy at center.
Foster, he went in the gondola.
It's thrown on left wing.
Foster, he went in the gondola.
Right.
And who was on a hot stove league?
Oh, my God.
What's that guy's name that red?
What's his name from the Toronto...
from the newspaper Red Something, or other?
Come on.
Red Fisher.
There you go.
Here's a man who knows this hockey.
Here's a man who knows something.
I can't believe it.
And Bob Davidson.
There you go.
And John Davidson.
Here's a Mike and a Remembrer.
Okay.
Foster's making a comeback, by the way.
They're going to dig him up and bring him back
for the 50-game season this year.
When down to Peaches, and bought your best of Neil.
Thank you so much.
Did that from my grandchildren?
I sent it down to them.
Beautiful.
So I enjoy your show, and I just want to tell you that.
I'll see you at the garden, say.
Hey.
Okay.
See ya.
There we go.
One of our old good old Kanak guys.
See those Canadians, those English-speaking Kanak's.
They're the good guys.
Some of them.
But those frogs, man, look out.
Just burrow a hole in the ground and dive in deep.
When those frogs come looking.
Now that wasn't you guys diddled around with that starline in there.
Was it?
It was not on the inside.
Huh?
We don't diddled.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Here's the guy who played the diddler on Batman himself right in there now.
The diddler.
The biggest diddler of all.
But anyway, that was from the outside.
That was Bell's soft mobility is porkin us.
I'll tell you that right now, man.
Guaranteed.
They are porkin' this radio station.
And I personally am thinking right now of filing a massive goddamn lawsuit.
I mean, if they want to yank the line, that's one thing.
If they want to try to censor what we say on the earth or what the you folks out there say on their phone.
Then that's another thing.
But when they want to start yanking with our emotions here, when they want to start lying to our customers out there and their customers.
And telling them that W-I-O-D, we decided to drop the deal and how bad they feel about it.
And how they're really wished that we continue the relationship.
They're full of crap.
I'm going to tell you that right now.
They make me sick.
Not to mention that.
And after you pay your bill on your goddamn cell phone, they're still sending you bills in a mail.
And they can't get their damn act together anyway.
Oh, please send us $800.
Well, the bill has paid.
Oh, I guess what?
You're right.
There's zero bells.
Oh, please disregard.
Yeah, disregard this.
And don't ever connect it again under penalty of death.
And by the way, here's a bend over.
Here's your phone back.
1131 at your happy station, W-I-O-D.
610, W-I-O-D.
If we're talking too loud and you're too old.
We're putting in new phone lines and we're not supposed to know about it.
Is that it?
They're holding information back again.
Steve Nichol in there.
You know, this is getting to be like a contest instead of being a place where you work together.
And the powers that keep you informed of what's happening.
I mean, are we going to be upset about that?
Of course not.
What the hell do we care?
We're putting in the passion phones.
How do you like that?
Squared, squared.
I knew you'd like it.
I knew you'd love it.
I knew you'd be dispassing all.
You'd be spastic.
You'd be grabbing yourself and squeezing all over the place right now.
As in...
Where the hell is it?
As in...
Neon God.
There you go.
Oh, yes.
He's in there already.
That bitch.
Neon God.
The lovely goddess of the evening, Aaron.
Aaron Obra.
What does that mean?
And Irish, by the way, Aaron Obra.
We know what it means in here.
We're Aaron Nobra.
That's what it means.
Aaron Nobra.
But anyway, there's a seven-digit number on it.
Bellsoft mobility line.
See, we're going to do this on here because I'm tired of being dicted around by Steve Nichol.
Steve Dickel.
Isn't that what his name is?
Steve Dickel?
That's what his name is.
Forget about that Nichol bag stuff.
I got a new name for him.
Steve Dickel.
His best friends just call him Dick for short.
Underline the short part.
And yeah, we're getting in new phone lines here.
But don't tell low of the guys on here.
Why not tell the guys on here?
We work here.
You stupid bastard.
You idiot.
You clown.
Everything with this guy, man, is a big little...
You're a bastard.
Right.
And he's in there with Andy.
And he's got his head so far up his ass that I thought I saw his tonsils popping out.
That was incredible.
And we have these new passion phone lines coming here for Orlando and Tampa, wherever it
is for Aaron who's going to be on it tonight, which why the hell shouldn't she?
She's got to have those phone lines if she's going to be getting calls from Hornet Guys
in Orlando, who are down there on Orange Blossom Trail looking for stuff that ain't there anymore.
That all those good religion is closed up, all those booby joints.
They did, man.
They closed up that town tighter in the drum.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
Welcome to the home of the big lies, sir.
Okay.
If we had had these people during World War II, they could have ended in 1943.
I guarantee you that right now.
They could have cut that war off two years early, saved a lot of American lives.
They probably could have been able to have a new...
They know the big lie better than anybody.
Even faster with forest gump helping them.
There you go.
The last callers that you had about run, but they could on Phil Schoes yesterday.
I'm sitting here.
I'm hanging out of the sides of this chair.
So tight that my hand, their blood is barely flowing above my wrist.
I could see your knuckles turning white.
Oh my God.
And those calls explain why that film did $300 million in this country.
The dumb relating to the dumb.
Oh, man.
Forest gump.
Some of them are calling you.
His relatives are calling you.
Must be.
I...
Or Michael's relatives in Coconut Creek.
Something like that.
Forest gump was not entirely unpleasant, but it was...
Yeah.
It was like eating popcorn.
When you're done, you say, okay, well, so what?
There was nothing to it.
The special effects that they did in that film with him talking to President Kennedy and President Johnson and Nixon.
It was the same thing that Woody Allen did years before in Zellig.
And Zellig was not one of Woody Allen's great films.
Yeah, there you go.
And they did it worse in forest gump because the mouse weren't even moving to the right words.
Well, I think you're nitpicking now.
Well, I think you want something to look realistic.
And like that guy, that pseudo-adlegial call before.
If you're ready to suspend your credibility in the afterlife, in the...
Ever about the beyond in the...
ETHRIC and whatever else he was talking about with his mumbo jumbo, then it was a great flick.
Well, if you want to suspend belief in real life, just look at what's in Congress.
If you want to suspend belief in real life, just look at real life in America and then you'll suspend it.
Exactly.
Or just come to work here, man, and you'll just forget about it.
We're in big trouble, Neil.
Good luck to West Pally and squeeze that passport tight.
See you.
I'll see you on the upper deck of the 747.
Okay.
We have an open line in Dave County, 751 Crap.
So there's just a whole bunch of little cute stuff going on here.
And we've got...
We thought the last program director was devious and dangerous.
This guy, he's the big D. Steve Dickel.
They just call him the big D as in devious dangerous and downright the douchebag.
How do you like that?
You know, instead of just sitting us down and talking intelligently and openly in honesty,
with what the hell is going on in here.
So now, now I don't believe anything he says.
At this point, his credibility is the big zero.
None.
He could say it's Thursday and I'm going to start looking...
I probably ought to be home watching Monday Night Football.
Which is all over, by the way, but hey, listen, why don't I give it a shot?
You might find something good on the dish.
Speaking of something good on the dish, where is that lovely lunch we're getting?
From across the street.
Free.
It is free, by the way, isn't it?
Because that's all I need, Steve.
You talk me in a good lunch and then fight out on paying for it.
That would be...
Not that I wouldn't, of course, Jason, because you do a hell of a job and you're starving.
Okay, let's continue with these fantastic calls as we work together.
This is what I want. This is what we need to do.
Is to get together and work together and hold hands like those football players and those bowl games.
I'll let you know which guys I'm holding hands with.
Here's Halondale. Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Forest Gump is very, very slow.
So, it's not terrible. It's not great.
Although the soundtrack is very, very good.
Well, that's great. So in other words, I can go on by that.
The music at Peaches, I can go home and listen to it.
I would not have to waste my time watching Tom Angst.
Right. And speaking of...
And dumb people.
Don Sherry.
Yes?
What do you think of his stick and his whole bit about sweeter hockey players and all that stuff?
I think he's great. I love Don Sherry.
And there are certain things where he gets...
Get up fast, Alain.
When he gets into that big homophobic thing and he did that business about Pavel Burry
and looking at the like unisexualness...
What about the spinner hockey coach?
That three years ago, he called Alpo.
Yeah.
What about that one?
I know, but he's still funny, Renheal.
I like Don Sherry.
I think he's great.
And he's on my leaf broadcast.
And...
And I wouldn't be without him.
And I miss him desperately.
In fact, I'll show you how desperate I am.
And I hate to admit this yesterday afternoon.
Yeah.
I flipped on a tape of Game 2.
The Leafs beat San Jose, five to one Game 2 of the playoffs last year.
I was a little kid when that series, by the way.
They were very lucky.
I know Game 6, the puck hit the crossbar.
I saw it.
I got that on tape and it hit the crossbar at overtime.
And even Bob Cole says, they score.
It hit the crossbar.
He started calling goal.
But they didn't go in.
I'm a big hamster and you all start to tell you.
Oh, Jesus.
And this Saturday on CBC.
Saturday on CBC.
I think they're going to show the seventh game of the game
with the Cain's Bruins, 379.
That's the game that cost Don Sherry his job in Boston.
Yeah, 20 men on the ice and overtime.
Yeah.
Oh, really?
Saturday on CBC.
Is that why you got to be on what time?
I think eight o'clock.
How can I get in Canada?
Oh, then it's going to be Danny Galovans going to be doing it.
Right.
Oh, right.
Oh, my God.
You don't have, sure, you have made my life.
I cannot believe it.
It's been a ram.
CBC on the satellite.
Saturday night.
You know what really pisses me off?
How come, like the Ineson with the Bruins?
They've been showing old Bruins games and sports channels
that kind of been showing.
How come the CBC on a Saturday nights instead of showing these
these stupid old movies because they're losing their ass.
They were supposed to have the double headers this season.
We had the lockout.
How come they're not showing a lot of these great old games?
I don't know.
You wouldn't.
You wouldn't, right?
Danny Galovans.
I have no idea.
I mean, man, I would be glued to that set or at least my VCR
would be gluing on it.
I don't have a satellite there.
If my father was telling me that all the stuff is going to be on this Saturday.
Well, that's great.
I'm going to get some of the highlights on AirFree on Monday.
Great.
And by the way, Red Fisher is not a Toronto sports player.
He is with the Montreal Gazette.
Well, I know that, but he used to be on the hot stove league.
Right.
Who was the Toronto guy that used to be on the hot stove league?
With a Frank Warren maybe?
No.
With a Neil Young's father, Scott Young.
Scott Young.
Yeah, he's Toronto a little bit of mail.
Is that what it is?
Yeah, he is the father of Vanilla Young.
There you go.
Well, nobody's perfect.
Anything alcoholic or...
I think he was.
Or working on it.
Yeah, like Jeff DeForest.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Dave.
Have a great life.
Goodbye, bye.
See you.
See you at the Maple Leaf Garden, Zay.
Oh, that's great news.
They're going to have the Bruins of Canadian's on there.
Don Sherry, behind the bench.
I wonder if they're going to have him on a telecast, making a lot of noise.
He's great.
I love Don Sherry.
I don't care if he is like a very uptight and homophobic.
That's all the night, anyway.
He's the funniest hell guy.
He probably would like a date with Pavel Burry.
He probably would like to be Pavel Burry.
And why not?
We have an open line on the purple line at Pavel, IOD.
His parents would say, and why not?
If he were alive to say it.
See all the great sportscasters are dead.
And what do we get?
We get Harry Callis.
Oh, gee, I can't get over that.
I can't get over the fact that you people accept the idea that Harry Callis is alive and on the
year somewhere.
How is that possible?
The man is off speed.
He's got like a tape inside his larynx that it just keeps stretching and stretching.
And one day it's going to break right on the year.
He's at the 30, the 20.
And that'll be it.
What are you doing in here, Steve?
What are you potsking around with now?
Oh, wait a minute.
Here we go.
Getting passionate.
It's a good thing that I found that little bird under the door, the whispered in my ear,
that hummingbird that was humming.
Oh, not Adam.
There wasn't Adam that said it wasn't.
I think it might have been.
Because Adam don't want to get himself in trouble with the PD.
Does he?
Again.
Well, he's Andy.
See, Andy won't leave any room in there for Adam's nose anymore.
Neon, God.
That's the problem.
He was, Adam was always first in line with his nose way up there in the rectal region.
But now Adam is just second on the list.
Andy's in there.
He's just morning noon tonight.
He gets in his licks, man.
Six, ten.
W-I-O-D.
No one getting lickers.
But it feels good when they try.
Neon, God.
Today's fast-paced world holds its share of headache.
Hey, there's a thumbprint on this report.
Do it again.
Oh, yes, sir.
Got a problem?
No, sir.
Under some pressure, huh?
Yeah, I feel like my head's going to explode and aspirin doesn't do anything.
Oh, here.
Take some ibuprofen.
I'll try anything.
Oh, I'm dirty rotten stuff.
I'm screwed up.
That's what he thinks he's talking to.
I had to make that little...
Do his own...
Report.
Oh!
Feel better?
Yeah, what's the inner ibuprofen?
Well, nothing we can admit to on the radio.
Except our secret ingredients, screw them all.
Which eliminates any inhibitions you might have about saying what's on your mind.
Oh, here comes your boss.
Look, I want this report done.
Even if you have to work through your lunch hour, okay?
Listen, I'm not...
What are you going to get off your...
...and do some work around here?
Oh, I see you take ibuprofen.
Yeah.
I take it too.
You lazy piece of...
Oh, not in.
I don't know.
I do pro-fake.
You only use fucking derailleur.
Okay, we got something.
You know what?
Exciting here for you.
We got a couple of...
...because we do have a lot of people online.
This will come in very handy for you.
When we have...
Are these deadlines now, Jason?
Did you say these are deadlines?
756-1102.
If you dial that up right now, you can be a moment in history.
And of course, we're not supposed to know about these.
Are we?
But Steve Ziegler, and he did not tell me the number.
But of course, it doesn't take a brain surgeon to figure out.
756-1102.
If there's anybody in date who will dial that number immediately,
let's see if it's going to work.
Okay? Is it hooked up?
It must be hooked up.
But the dial tone is on there.
It must be a functioning at the junction line.
756-1102 in date.
I don't see nothing happening.
Do you?
Wait a minute.
Well, what the hell just happened there?
What is that?
It's passionful.
Maybe this hooks you in with a 900 line.
What's going on here?
It sounds like a fart ring.
Doesn't I hate those fart rings?
What is that?
Now, see before.
And it's happening on the other one, too.
Maybe they're diddling with it back there.
Even though Steve Ziegler said he doesn't diddle.
They're diddling right now.
But I'll keep that number handy.
It's good to know.
Let's go on to plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Good to hear it.
All right, take care.
Okay, guys, talk to you.
There's a guy just totally blew it.
He just couldn't handle it.
He just dropped the phone and his apparatus at the same time.
I think it may be swinging on it right now.
Open line at Broward, 5249463.
As we have more duplicity and all kinds of devious stuff going on here,
it's beautiful.
Just hand me over the check and say goodbye.
That's all I say.
Miami, hello.
Hey, what's up?
How you doing, sir?
I'm a timeless nurse.
First time caller.
All right.
I just wanted to say that the seat is going to be in the middle of the
film.
I'm telling you, I don't know what to say anymore.
I really don't know what to say about these people.
They have left me speechless.
You know, it felt just took that first caller when she was given the phone around to be the hard time when he just ran with it.
Yeah.
It was just hilarious and I'm not...
Don't I mean, even now, even today, and I went through that whole
spiel about how embarrassing it was, not many stupid people are...
And I get like a whole bunch of these people going,
oh, they ran Bennington.
He was so stupid on the end.
He was so pathetic and he made such a fool of himself.
Why didn't they get rid of him sooner?
What are we talking about here?
And it's like the people that you have listened today, they still believe it was Ronnie B.
So, beyond a shadow of a doubt.
All right, now we'll talk in a while.
And have a real life.
All right.
See you in the real world.
All right.
If we ever find it, we have an open line of dates, 751, W-I-O-D.
There's that fart phone again.
Wait a minute.
Oh, I like that.
In one moment, please.
Maybe we should hook it up with some...
I love it.
Okay, we'll work on that thing.
By the way, when we get that number ready at 756-1102,
let's go to West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Well, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
For his dump, the greatest movie in the history of mankind.
Not...
Okay.
Well, two for one on that deal.
Um, dump rhymes with junk.
Yeah.
I think it's like a cartoon for old people.
Gump rhymes with dump.
As in you have to take one immediately if not sooner.
Oh, it's...
It's just a stupid movie for stupid people, I guess.
This is what you're trying to say.
Not that I want to pull words in your mouth, but it sounds like that.
But it's like a cartoon and there's no such thing.
There's no plot.
There's nothing to figure out.
It's basic.
It's garbage.
Well, in a perfect American movie then.
Kind of like a sliced-alone movie.
Um, I...
I...
That piece is the other day.
And I picked up your best stuff.
Yes, sir.
And they have your names out there.
On what?
Uh, on...
On the sales flip.
Best of Neil R-O-G-E.
Yeah.
Best of Neil Rowe, which in French, I think, means like...
You're a rogue.
Yeah.
Uh...
You were doing real well till you got out of this.
And you were asking about broth for...
Ope for...
Ope for...
Yeah.
For...
Forever.
Aaron Ope-Raw?
Yeah.
As in, keep on that broth for...
Or keep off the broth forever, is that to do?
Forever and ever.
Forever and ever.
So, he starts sagging real bad.
Can I shamelessly request that?
Shamelessly and closing.
What...
What does he want to hear?
Can I hang on for a cranberry CD?
Okay, hang on.
That.
We have an open line in day.
It's...
See, and he's talking about the people on the Phil Henry show.
And I just made that...
Anybody who's got a brain knew that I was just kidding.
We're not giving away anything.
They...
George's got them all locked away in a prize ass.
And George is not here today because some little kid down the street who once had a birthday party with his daughter has got a head cold.
And so he's taking a well-deserved day off today.
And what can I say?
We have an open line on that green line.
1-800-949-463.
How does it feel to be totally uninvolved up there in Palm Beach County?
It'd be so aloof and so distant from the real meeting potatoes of what this area is all about.
Here's a four-letter deal.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir?
Four is called was great.
Yeah.
And so is Paul Fiction.
What?
So is Paul Fiction.
What was Paul Fiction have to do with it?
I just thought that'd throw that in.
But who cares about that?
Phil, he's the one that talks about pulp fiction.
It was great.
I don't give a flying cap about pulp fiction.
Right by where you live.
Right by what?
Stargrass.
Yeah.
You saw what?
Paul Fiction.
What about for us, the dumb?
For us, Gump was the greatest movie of all time.
Oh, this must be Michael and Coconut Creek.
Yeah.
Yeah, get out of here, Mike.
We have an open line on the blue line.
We'll just let the other.
We already said that in a faxie.
There's another chronic guy.
We've got to start watching this guy.
Cannot control his bodily functions.
He keeps repeating the same things over and over.
We already know that you believe that, okay?
We've had several other people.
And you said that everybody in the world who saw it thinks it's the greatest amp thing since sliced tola va.
And you're wrong, baby.
You are wrong.
Baby.
As Dick Fytale would say, and if he ever says it again, we're going to get him because he's nauseating.
Yeah, baby.
Look at that, baby.
Oh, Jesus.
What kind of a world are we coming to, man?
When Dick Fytale and Harry Callis can both be alive?
Here's the homestead.
Hello.
I just want to let you know that I was one of those lucky few that were in the grove when you were doing that remote.
You and the three others, yeah.
And it was Lonnie Anderson who really when I saw that.
You're absolutely right.
Oh, you see, I was trying to forget about the burr Reynolds part.
I blocked that out of my mind.
When I saw her dying at that mall, you feel you thought of me?
I thought of you and we laughed and we laughed.
They even hired extra security guards for, and they just, and they went on and on about her dying.
But the good news is, first time she was dying.
She was dying, remorse than I was.
She was making big announcements.
I mean, she was sitting right in the middle of a mall with a lot of people in there.
I was sitting there like in a broom closet on a more, everybody was asleep.
You're right.
She was dying worse than you were.
Much worse.
I felt much better about my life.
Not about a little bit.
I felt a lot better for heat, too.
Yeah, but you did.
It was the worst.
And by the way, for us, come suck.
There you go.
If anybody should know, you're the expert.
That's right.
Okay.
I talk to there.
Say hi to Julio.
We have an open line in the day, day 751, WIOD.
Once that lunch getting here, I don't want to start getting pushy, Jason.
But when there was a wonderful people with a bitch cop with a lunch.
Huh?
What time did you talk to them?
About 20 minutes ago.
20 minutes ago.
She was out.
She just got there.
Oh, listen, if you folks are going to make it, you got to know how to get on top of these things
and get us the free food real early.
And we'll give you a great plug.
And then tomorrow, also in case George's daughter is framed down as straight as still sick tomorrow,
we got lunch from Rigatoni's coming tomorrow.
More Italian food.
So we're going to be just loaded with great Italian.
There'll be like a little Italian in me by the end of this week.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
No, I'm in Miami.
Well, close enough.
Mr. Rogers.
In Miami?
Miami.
This is nerve-shedler, is it?
No, sir.
He's the only other person I ever heard who said Miami.
I've lived in Miami Beach.
Miami.
I've lived in Miami all my life.
In Miami, where?
Yeah, Mama.
Mama.
Miami.
Mama, douchebag?
Sir, the national inquirer did say that a lot of people who did watch Forrest Cope actually believe
that the character existed.
Uh-huh.
Which, you know, until the movie was a good American movie, I do, uh, I do feel there are a lot
of, you know, people out there who just were ignorant of history.
Now, are these also people who talked to Ron Bennington on a Phil Henry show yesterday?
Probably a lot of the same ones.
Yeah, I've listened to Ron and Ron occasionally in the morning.
Yeah.
It was sad.
I mean, yesterday him, uh, you know, getting to the point where he had to beg for money.
That was sad.
I know.
Did you hear the show?
The parts of it I was in and out all day.
Yeah.
And you heard Ronnie on the phone.
Yeah, sir.
Lane it out.
Buddy, he sure, uh, unleashed his whole heart, the whole deal didn't he?
Well, he was, he poured his heart right on his sleeve.
It was sad because it was a good program and, uh, and basically the man seems to be in the,
the desperate, I would say desperate.
Desperate.
Desperate.
Uh, any chance that any of this money that he gets donated to your campaign can be, uh, forwarded to him?
We might siphon a little bit off for him.
That would be, that would be, uh, you know, an act of kindness, uh, yeah.
A true mercenac.
In fact, if we ever get our new total in here, Cheryl ever decides to stop with her imperious, uh, bull crap up front with the office and, uh,
come back, make a phone call and get us the new total on there.
We might have like a little spillover for Ronnie.
It was interesting that the inquire also said that a lot of people actually believe that the godfather, the movie, the movie the godfather said a lot of people
actually believe that that was a fact about, uh, historical character.
Oh, it wasn't.
And how about, how about Batman?
No, sir. That was a cartoon.
Superman?
A cartoon character.
Yeah.
How about Rocky?
Now Rocky Belboa.
Rocky was actually based on a mythical figure though, but it was loosely tied to Rocky Marciano.
How about Rocky Graziano?
Rocky Marciano?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
And what about the godfather?
Wasn't he loosely tied to some of the, uh, dons?
Uh, Donna Michi.
I believe, uh, actually they took Capone.
El Capone?
Yes.
Maron.
Yes.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
And say how to Ronnie B.
Oh my god.
We have an open line in date, 751.
It's going to get better.
Please tell me it's going to get better.
Please say something to make me feel like, uh, it's worth doing.
Where's lunch, by the way?
Boy, these people, I'm telling you, they make everything to order, everything from scratch.
I'm sure it's going to be phenomenal.
What am I getting, by the way?
Do you give me the menu back?
I don't think you did, by the way, Jason.
I just, did you?
Uh, he's still got it in his hand and the menu too.
Here's, uh, Pompano.
Hello.
Hi, Nail.
Where is this?
Uh, I'm hanging by my fingernails.
I'm back in town two weeks and waiting to hear what happened to Randy and nobody's talked to me.
Well, I can't talk about it every day.
She's been gone for months now.
She's on WJNO in Palm Beach.
In fact, she's going to be on right after the news from noon to three every day.
And she's dying a wicked death up there, but she was smart enough and had the big bow co-horns to tell these people.
Mr. Mary.
Manage.
If he wants me to sing, God bless America and paste these in a G-string up here, I'll do it.
Use Talk and Entertainment Radio 610.
WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD and date.
524 WIOD and Broward.
Outside the 305 area code.
It's toll free.
1-800-944-Diamonds.
And Broward's Merz can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a news talk and entertainment radio, 610 WIOD.
I have a lot of money, but I don't have a book.
I'm tired of the same boring old communion wafers at holiday mass.
Open wide and prepare to receive thy savior.
My G's father O'Malley wafers again.
Now Billy, this isn't just any wafers.
It's not?
No, through the divine miracle of transubstantiation, I've turned this ordinary wafer into the divine blessed body of Christ.
Why does a body of Christ have to taste so yucky?
Spice up your next communion with new Christ Aroni.
Christ Aroni is a special blend of rice, spices and seasonings, plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy forkful.
And Christ Aroni cooks up perfect every time, as he should.
Can I have some more Christ father?
That's Christ Aroni Billy.
Amen to that.
Christ Aroni, the transubstantiation tree.
1207 WIOD, so I'm looking at this thing right next to the year in summer's piece in the Sunsend of this morning.
The Lion King outdone for a dump, okay?
The Lion King done how much?
300.4 million dollars.
The year's highest grossing film.
And for his dump, total sales of 298.5.
Well, if I didn't see the Lion King, which was number one, why did I go see Forest Gump, which was number two?
An interview with a vampire, which was around 100 million.
Why would I want to see that?
Which I would not.
Paul Fiction became the boutique operations highest grossing release ever.
That's a Disney-owned art movie distributor, Miramax Films.
64 million dollars topping the company, peak said by the crying game.
See, everything in this country is like the college football pull mentality.
Where number one? No, we be number one.
Well, who gives a crap? See, then make any difference.
Like I said yesterday, I mean, MIT don't have a football game.
And yet I would say they're a far superior institution of higher learning than say maybe Nebraska or the University of Miami, if you pardon that horrendous expression on my part.
And the same thing with this, because it's the highest grossing movie of the year or maybe even of all time, don't make it good.
And in fact, probably it's just like Rosanne being number one.
Or like Bill Cosby used to be number one.
And you couldn't find anybody, Black or White, whoever watched that show.
But it was number one in ratings every week.
Because Americans believe that you're supposed to say you watch the God damn Bill Cosby show.
Who the hell ever watched the Bill Cosby show?
And who the hell ever heard of a family like the damn Huckstables?
Whoever heard a black people named Huckstable anyway?
Was there an anferny Huckstable? I don't think so.
Was there a Marcus? A Huckstable?
There was?
Okay, we have a couple open lines. They're both in Broward County.
5249-463-524-WIOD.
See, that's the way things work. I like this.
Therefore, you must agree with me.
Why can't we have a difference of opinion?
You like Forest Cump. It's like in Fatsaw, it says,
You love bread. I like bread.
I don't want so much bread. Okay? Cut the crap with the bread, Dom.
And the same is true here.
I don't want Tom Hanks. I can't even look at Tom Hanks.
And he makes me physically ill.
Nauseating.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello? Yes, sir?
We can shop, speaker.
Bill? Yeah.
I had a dangerous trip there back to the phone.
Yeah, I fell off a little apparatus here.
I wonder if the phone company has insurance to cover that just in case I sure hope so.
Oh, I doubt it. It's pretty be a pretty large thing.
A big thing, yeah.
Oh, a huge thing.
So I had a dream about Forest Cump last night.
Forest Stump?
Yeah, sure did. Well, no, it wasn't a stump. It was a... you'd be surprised.
I would be.
I guess. I'd be shocked.
Well, sort of shocked, maybe mildly amused.
But, uh, what would you like me to tell you about the dream?
About the dream or the movie?
No, the dream. I didn't see the movie.
Is this something we can discuss?
Or do we have to wait for Aaron Summers on Monday night?
Uh, no, I'm going to call her and tell her about it, too.
Really? Yeah, I heard her little thing the other night.
I thought that was, uh, some milk.
You heard her little thing? Well, me on God.
There's her little thing right there.
Her show sounds very interesting. She's so breathy. I love it. She's breathy.
I know. Very breathy.
Very breathy.
Going on, area. Well, yeah, I guess a breathy thing.
Like the 900 phone lines. That's why the...
Did you see the thing? Are you in the where?
Oh, you're in date. You wouldn't see the sun sentinel.
Yeah, the article in the paper this morning has their big picture,
not the best picture, but not too bad.
And underneath her picture it says, phone sex.
Yeah? Oh, really? Yeah.
And how... I guess it's, uh, you just call up and you don't have to pay for anything, right?
That's right. This is like a 900 number only for free.
Oh, wow.
And you're like that.
So you can... there's like lots of innuendos involved in everything.
Oh, yeah. Call up and say,
all kind of working out.
All kind of.
Right?
And there you go. She pretends to be like real intellectual about it,
but she's breathing hard. Well, the penis is a really very interesting organ.
You know, that kind of...
It's very interesting organ.
Yeah, very interesting, yeah.
It's a very hot topic.
It is. Well, sometimes.
Well, yeah. You know, when it's...
Anyway, getting back to Forest's stump.
Yeah, my dream. The dream that I had about him.
Yeah.
Well, you know, I was just kind of a sensuous dream.
I had him sort of bent over, you know, that fishing boat.
Yeah.
You're going to commercial.
Yeah.
bent over the boat.
And now is this a Frado or a Forest Gump?
A Forest Gump.
I think this is Frado in a fishing boat.
So you guys can't... they always keep coming back to the Godfather, man.
You got it so ingrained in your mind and I can't blame them.
No, the...
Was he doing a few Hail Marys at the time?
Oh, yeah.
I believe that.
He was probably saying...
Father O too.
Oh, yeah.
Just before the big one struck.
Yeah, the net's were full, man.
I bet they were.
It was fantastic.
Okay, well, listen, go back to it and give Aaron a big kiss for us.
We have an open line in date on passion phones, junior.
Yeah, let's do our own sex show here to help with all this other with this crazy bitch.
I mean, with this wonderful Aaron...
Neon God.
Aaron No Bra.
She will not, by the way, she will be wearing very scatty silk panties and no bra during the show.
That's a promise.
I have a word here.
Of course, that's not a thing we're not supposed to let that out of the bag either.
So to speak.
Open line at date, 751, what in Broward, 524, how those other lines are doing?
Nasty.
You know what they did?
I think they unleashed those until she starts on Monday because we did the unduable and I gave the number out on the end.
Now, that would probably try to change the number.
It won't make any difference what they do because you can always find out what the number is.
As long as they're operating lines.
Now, can they disconnect those during the day to try to stick it to us?
Because that would be really wrong.
Because we got a lot of people up there in Orlando like in Kassimi.
Oh, hear us on 610 during the daytime who are like real loyal listeners listening through all the AM.
Like that.
And all the, you know, the noise from the power lines not just barely snapily crackling and popling.
And, you know, they're just they want to hear our crap.
But boy, wouldn't that be something if they start calling on those lines during the daytime and building up a gigantic bill?
Which is probably what this whole Bell South mobility thing is all about.
I wouldn't be at all surprised.
Didn't they say that there were going to be three passion phone lines?
Isn't that what Adam?
Oops, somebody said like Adam.
Hey, he deserves it, man.
He had his head.
So you can see the tracks from his neck where Andy's got his head right now.
Here's dear field. Hello.
All right.
All right.
I'm through.
Listen now.
All right.
You're through how she hasn't even come on here yet and this guy's through already.
All right. Yeah. Really? That was correct.
That was quick.
Listen, these nighttime soap operas are driving me insane.
Such as 9021 Blow.
Yeah.
Models stink.
Mm-hmm.
And what else have we got there?
What else have we got?
Melrose Place.
Oh, yeah.
Monday and Wednesday.
How many bags on that Melrose Place, man?
Too many guys.
Too many guys.
They're not doing each other yet.
They just they're just beating around your old bush.
I'll tell you what though.
Now this is what I'm thinking.
That guy you got working for you.
Does this name George or is it Jorge?
Jorge.
Jorge.
He's a make-believe spick, yeah.
He sounds like he is a shot-stabber.
Is that true?
What do you mean by that?
I mean, he's got a little bit of a squishy sound to him.
I'm not saying that.
George, you're crazy, man.
You're dreaming.
Oh, I'm not even close.
If there's a 10 on the straight scale, he's a 12.
Is he?
Trust me.
Does he get some or what?
Does he get some?
What? He's married for Crannolot.
Does he get some?
Maybe once a year.
I've got everything back on that one, dude.
Huh?
I take everything back then.
Well, the fact that he's married doesn't prove that he's straight.
Very nice, man.
I don't know who he's married, too.
He's married to a very attractive, much taller than he is a young lady named Crystal, who
is knockout.
Well, that sounds good.
Crystal sounds good as it is.
Very ample hooters, too, by the way.
Oh, OK.
In the right place where they belong.
OK.
The fact that he's so much shorter makes for a very interesting relationship.
Well, listen, have a great day.
These guys are all getting worked up for Monday, man.
They can't wait for the Aaron Nobrah.
Neon God.
Oh, my God.
She's doing that.
Then I heard Phil doing that right now, Tidio yesterday, and somebody put the line in there
about how Aaron did something with her massive hooters and Neal.
I was out there in a parking lot drove up and I was yelling some hysterical.
I mean, why would I be yelling about Aaron's hooters?
What does that mean?
Get.
That's like the guy that wants to welcome me back to the dolphin.
Sorry, Greg.
Forget it.
Switchful thinking.
Open line and date.
One and brown and the green line.
The green line, I'm telling you right now, man.
Here's your last opportunity.
This is it.
Take it now or forever hold it.
1-800-944-9463.
Or this is going to roll over another one of those trifecta lines just like those other two
the passion phone lines.
And you're going to be S-O-L, baby.
You're going to be on the outside peaking in.
1-800-944.
This is my last effort.
Boka, Del Ray Beach.
I know you're there, man.
I know that you're dying to a part.
Here we go.
Crank, W-I-O-D.
I told you.
There you go.
The big belch in Boka.
That's what it's all about.
They're blowing it in Boka.
Come on, 1-800-944-9463.
We want to hear from somebody in Boka who wants a free prize.
Here we go.
W-I-O-D.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil.
You want a prize?
A party?
What do you want?
I want to talk to Neil about a forest gump.
Okay, speaking.
Oh, is this Neil?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Tom Hanks stuck.
Forest gump movie was actually pretty good.
Oh, so in other words, if they wouldn't have had a real actor in there, it might have been great.
Exactly.
You know, real quick, I'll just tell you.
I didn't see Philadelphia.
Oh, God forbid, no way.
I saw it in a video.
I saw it in a video.
Because that was the movie that made him lose his mind that fell it out.
Yeah, after that, and when he did the Oscar thing, he's just, he's nuts.
He's just crazy.
Exactly.
And when I saw it, after I threw up.
And then I saw the previews for Forest gump.
I thought, not another short-haired Tom Hanks movie.
Yeah.
That's quite disgusting.
He was fine in those silly movies like the one with a mermaid, whatever the whole name of that stupid one.
Flash.
Flash.
Whatever that was.
That was so cute.
It was okay.
It had its moments.
And that's the level that Tom Hanks should be operating.
And he's not a serious actor and he never will be.
I agree.
The early Saturday night live stuff, you know, that kind of thing was Tom Hanks movie.
I mean, it would be like trying to have the Godfather with Marlon Brando's role played by Jim Curie.
You know what I'm saying?
Jim Curie is great at being a goofball.
He's very good at that.
Although I take that back because he was good in that movie doing time on April drive where he played the alcoholic son.
I didn't say it.
Yeah, that was a made for TV movie.
That was okay.
But I mean, he just, he still wouldn't cut it as the odd father, you know what I'm saying?
That's true.
Let me also just say though that the movie itself though, really Tom Hanks didn't have that much to do with it.
And it was really a movie about, I'm 40 years old and it was about times, you know, in the past that it was a story of that human nature.
And it really wasn't about, you know, the character for stuff.
Yeah.
It just happened to be there.
Also, let me just quickly say to all the assholes who keep calling you and talking about Ron, what's his name that was on his go ahead?
Ron Bennington, yeah.
Ronny B.
How can these people be so goddamn stupid?
But aren't you, isn't this a real eye opener for you though?
How can you keep calling me?
How can you keep calling me?
And even some of the ones that I'm discussing that with during the course of the content, I don't think they're putting anybody on, including me.
Even some of them are saying, I heard it.
He was really a pathetic and I'm embarrassed for him.
Let's tell him.
Can I tell him?
No, don't tell him.
Please?
Don't do it.
If they haven't figured it out by now, don't do it.
Okay, well then, to all those assholes.
He was pretty weak.
Wasn't he, didn't you feel embarrassed for Ronny?
To all those assholes, they are the douchebags.
Okay.
All right, have a great life.
You man back to you.
See ya.
Yeah, I thought he was just unabashedly ashamed of what that thing about the begging for money and the ass-neaten a good solid meal in 10 days.
And I mean, they are still on the air like eight or nine markets.
And I just don't understand how a man could gravel so badly and do all that crap.
But hey, we sure don't want to get those around and around people upset because they tend to be very, very outtained skinned and have a very, you know, lack much of a sense of humor,
which if you're at the show, you'd already be aware of that.
And I see our fantastic lunches here today, which we appreciate so profusely.
And here she is.
Wait a minute. Finally, after hours and hours of begging and pleading, no wonder both her husband's ran out screaming and just, uh, oh my god.
How many hours can you beg and scream and yell and plead?
Here she is.
The Princess of the Nile.
Neon God.
Aaron Summers, Jr. with a slightly larger ass.
A slightly smaller paycheck.
Paycheck, I said.
Much smaller paycheck.
Here's our new total.
Okay.
87,403. Thank you so much, Cheryl.
And thanks to our Paisan from across the street, which I better get the thing out and give them a gigantic plug.
I bet you guys have just been dying for us to order food from across, right?
Annika Priya, which is right across from WIOD and Channel 7, right across the street here.
Cheryl, you were there and it was very good, wasn't it?
And it's here right now. We're going to like pick out right on the air.
And thank you so much, sir.
Okay, and we'll be calling on you again, of course, on the day of your daughter's wedding.
Okay, that's beautiful.
Are you going to unwrap that for me, Cheryl?
Are you just going to, you are?
That's why you're unwrapping.
No, that's a sheeting headlet.
I don't want to keep you from your appointed rounds.
You have some soup also.
Zupa.
Zupa, David Astron.
Zupa de pastifajol.
All right.
Excellent.
So I got that thing for you, by the way, Cheryl.
I'm so delighted that you're here almost.
Okay, hey, listen, we don't care because the management is lying through their teeth to us about all sorts of things.
We're used to that and Steve Dickel is in there just doing his thing.
And he's got his head all the way up to his armpit already.
Here's Miami and the Purple Line. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good, sir.
Forest Cump was not a bad movie.
Not bad.
Well, not bad.
Doesn't sound like, you know, you go back and see it over and over again.
Well, it was a shameless attempt at manipulating your emotions, you know,
that sympathy for the underdog kind of thing.
Right.
But still it was a good movie.
Okay.
I have.
I had other things to call about, but please, no, I don't want to listen.
I'm not spending four hours on four is dumb, you know, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I've got the thrust of my call.
What is the thrust?
I'll say that on the air.
You can only say it on the air on summer.
Oh, God.
I want to apologize to you.
Oh, you an apology for what?
The show you were doing with D-fo were given away the tickets.
Yeah.
I called up with a lame thing about people growing 200,000 square feet of skin from an infant's foreskin.
Yeah.
That was pretty lame.
It was extraordinarily lame.
How did they do it, by the way?
Well, they grow them on a tree, yeah.
Plastic, plastic grid.
On the foreskin tree.
Yeah, on the foreskin.
The tree of life.
And, yeah, I was pretty embarrassed about that.
So I'm trying to cleanse myself.
See, if you wouldn't have said that, we would have forgotten all about it, because it was a very
forgettable moment if you just slid right out with it just like we do on this show.
Well, it occurred to me, Lecker, that you, you know, you really only need if you had
two of those things you could give Rosanna a whole new look.
There you go.
If I had two of those things, I'd be busy.
Have a great day, pal.
In closing?
Yes.
A little something from Phil, Andrea, Brian, Cox to close out this call.
Yeah.
In smack.
Yeah, a few so smart to spend disbelief.
Okay.
Not bad.
See you, Neil.
Okay.
Do we have, what is that?
No, I don't, I don't want 85.
Oh, I see.
In other words, he brought a bunch of different things.
Is that what you're telling me?
Yes, I'm right.
Look at Jason's face just lit up like a Hanukkah bush.
Well, the stuffed mushrooms, I'll have a couple of those because I, that was my, but do we have, I don't care what you want.
You can have one, but do we have utensils?
See, I'm not going to eat this with my fingers.
Oh, there they are right there.
Well, I'm getting a little psychotic here because it looks so damn good.
Now, what is this?
Rigatoni, allah.
Wait, I'll read it.
Allah, Annika, pray.
Oh, mama, Mia.
Oh, this is, oh.
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Let me get that menu out again and give them another plug because we want them to stay in business.
Annika, pray.
Find Italian cuisine by the bay.
They're 14 number JFK Cosby across the street from our station.
And this is dynamite.
And we got beautiful crab meat stuffed mushrooms.
Mmm.
And Jason's standing in there wondering, when am I going to get some of that stuff?
I'll tell you what, Jason, when we're good and ready, that's when you'll get some of this stuff.
Mmm, mmm.
Oh, you don't have to stay in there.
Do what George does.
Get a plate.
Did you get out of there?
You come in here and get a plate and ladle some of your own here.
Well, here, put it back over on that side so we can get some of this.
And then I'll, you can have whatever you want.
There's enough here for the Chinese army and it's hot.
Jesus, God.
Excuse me.
We still didn't do the first break yet to start it.
Let's do it right now.
No, just, just a little joke.
We've got plenty of time.
Relax.
We have no business because the sales department is, here's Miami on the purple line.
Hello.
Oh, Neil, I just, please.
It's me again.
Neil, I just, what do you want, Woody?
I'd like to know.
Yeah, get out of here.
What do you, asshole?
That was Woody, just in case you didn't recognize the voice.
There's a guy who cannot recognize, who cannot change his voice no matter what.
Because basically, when you've got a big one, you are a big one.
Isn't that good stuff, huh?
Rigatoni, a la anacopri.
Mamma mia, that's a tight one.
That is delish.
Rhymes with, we have an open line in Broward, 524946,
how's that underlying doing, huh?
They're working.
Now, they're still, see, they still deaden that thing up and the line too.
Because they don't want us to be able to use it.
And they're, they're playing with us.
They're yanking us around.
See, all the newcomers, man.
First, it was Phil.
Phil gets 200,000 tickets to give away to the damn playoff game.
We get one or two pair and they throw us a little bone.
Phil gets 400,000 games for the tickets to give away to the Super Bowl.
We're not going to get none.
Then we got Aaron Summers comes in here now.
Of course, Aaron being the goddess.
Me on, God.
He's got 75 private lines.
He can speak to everybody from Orlando to Nashville to Memphis, Tennessee to Boston,
all over the goddamn country.
Not for those assholes that work in there, you've been there too long.
If you've been here more than six months, you're out.
Okay?
You're, you're old hat.
Just to hang on, pick up your check.
And speaking of check, where's my goddamn paycheck, Sharon?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I called that number that you said, a new number and you know, they answered the phone.
They said, yes.
And I said, this is WIOD.
They said, no.
And they, you know, like this.
Well, I'm sorry, I hung up.
Really?
Yeah.
How the hell is that possible?
I don't know.
Once I got a wrong number.
But this is the reason why I called.
I'm usually in agreement with you, but every once in a while you want to have a little verbal intercourse.
Like I say that.
About Hank Goldberg.
Goldberg.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
And Mandage.
After listening to Mandage, you know, about a year, you know, I like him.
I think he's out on a lot of the color.
But I think when he first came in, he did more analization.
Very.
Or analization, whatever.
And analyzing?
Yeah, analyzing.
I, you know, if I wanted to hear somebody saying, yes, Ray, yeah, right, right, right, right, right, right.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Exactly.
If I wanted to hear that, I'd listen to your show.
But, you know, I think it's great.
You need some kind of, you need some kind of, uh, uh, right, right, right, right, right, right.
But you also need some kind of analization, which, which is why I used to listen, why I still listen to the, uh, the Doppin's Floor Test,
and why I like to, uh, the Doppin's Floor Test.
And, uh, lately, I've been tuned back to the TV, you know, because they've been telling me a little bit more about the plays and the player.
Yeah, but that's why they keep working on it to make sure Lampley's doing a game on TV, so you turn back to radio.
Yeah. I, I think your, uh, Zimper, uh, Zimper Flute Zimper, uh, is, uh, an improvement over Weaver late.
Oh my God.
You gotta be kidding me.
Well, if anybody was embarrassing, it was Zimper losing it, which I might even be, uh, forced to play that call again on that interception.
You know, Manditch, uh, there was no excuse. He went out of control.
But to have the play by play guy lose control, uh, at the same time, it sounded like a simultaneous, uh, disaster to me.
Hear me out on this. You know, Weaver was, I'm here.
Weaver, Weaver was good. You know, he was with you a lot of years, but it was last few years.
Oh, he was in coherent.
But at least he's still ahead. Yeah, but he still had that certain timber, that tone of voice.
He, okay. Uh, he, cool it.
Maybe. Where is Weaver? He is on, on clear streak right now.
Okay.
Rick Weaver found it depressing.
Weaver.
Weaver.
Because life was depressing. He had a lot of personal problems and, you know, I'm, I'm hoping he's happy.
Well, he didn't have a lot of, he had one personal problem. His wife died a horrible death of cancer.
I was sick for a very long time. Yeah.
So, but even before she was sick, he was a very morbid man. He was not, he was not a pleasant guy.
Well, to say the least, I think I think the broad has nothing to do with his broadcast ability.
You don't have to be an ice guy to do a great job in the booth.
Anyway, Zimper's improvement and manage should get back a little bit to analyzing and one shameless request.
Yes.
I want any tickets or anything like that. No, you mean that's good.
You play, uh, the cat fell in the well.
Pussy in the well. Yeah, I don't want to say that. Why not? Well, was he cat fell in the well?
Well, my cat isn't here. She's on a vacation.
Well, I hope she's well. She's coming back. Okay. Okay. See ya.
Yes.
Yes.
Andy Calbus in the other room, tolling off after a strenuous session with the program director Steve Dickel in there.
It's 12. We can do two breaks this hour. There's nothing on the log. 1228 at WIOD.
Report him.
610 WIOD. If your friends don't listen, get new friends.
So Andy says you better be up if you're going to suck around with Steve Dickel.
It's 1231 at WIOD. We got an open line in date County.
And I'm a little bit to pork off about that right now.
I'll tell you we've been discussing the ins and the outs, the pseudo intellectual aspect of force and his dump,
which quite frankly, who cares?
You know, we went from Monxtue to the other. I was just hoping we get a couple of people who hated it.
And we did. And then this guy Mike who started the thing with his fax yesterday.
Well, you see, Mike, at least I was man enough to read your thing on here and discuss this at Great Lakes.
And guess what? Some people liked it. Some people didn't. Some people thought it was great.
Some people thought it sucked and some people are they don't care.
This chow is great. How's the lasagna thumbs up? Jason says it is aw freaking some awesome.
That's right. You said it is excellent. They man.
And this rigatoni ala anacopri delisioso.
The best. I mean, the very best by test.
And it's got even telly. He's all kinds of like fresh stuff in here, like little slight little pieces of pepper and tomato and oh, my mama mia.
It's great. And whatever happened to the what happened to the stuff mushrooms that I never got any of by the way,
are they in here that Cheryl was pochking around with her little Jewish hands on?
Boy, she is dangerous. That one. I'll tell you that right now. She is devious and dangerous.
We have a lot of people in this building. That's the new deal. The D&D guys. Goys.
Thank you so much. You getting any of this?
You want any? You sure? Okay. It's a little bit too rich for Jason.
It's a little above out of his out of his scale.
Mm. Mm.
Disgusting to eat and salivate on here. It's been so long since I've done this and I'm pretty proud of it.
But man does not live by forest stump alone. You know what I'm saying?
Stuffed mushrooms with crab meat and just delicious and I'm sure as rich as the day is long as in fat rich.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, hello, Neil. Yes. How's your box of chocolates doing?
Box of chocolates? Yeah.
The new one. Box of chocolates. Yeah. Okay. Let's get to the meat of the matter. Cut the crab.
Anyways, these guys probably don't like forest gumps probably because that they paid what quarter of a million dollars to get into.
Is that what it was? And then after that they probably lost their date.
Mm-hmm. Oh. Okay.
Open line and date. 751. What a goofball. Good call though.
Mm.
Man. See, I'm going to eat too much now and I'm going to feel real bad about it later as in big time.
But it's worth it now.
Open line and proud. 524. W-Y-O-D.
And we haven't had very many women here today which I have no idea why.
They're waiting for air in summers to come on so they can pretend that they're not listening and believe me they will be.
They will be especially all the bulldo. I mean, all the, here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Hi. How are you today?
Great.
Good. I wanted to discuss for if Gump I haven't seen it so I can't form an opinion.
Good. Let's forget about it.
Okay. But what I wanted to discuss was the news cast at 10 o'clock this morning.
Mm-hmm. There was something about a guy with a smashed penis and I did not, I didn't hear the story.
Why can't I imagine how you would get your testicles between the toilet bowl and the rim and can crush them?
Imagine, you know, the position you have to put your body into to do that for yourself.
It is testicles between the toilet, rim, rim in other words, the lid and the bowl itself.
Yes.
Well, maybe he knows father or two of God.
I just couldn't bet.
Maybe he was like at a kneeling position. In other words, maybe he had like a tough night on the town and was heaving his gut side.
It was like, I don't know. I don't know.
Oh, no, they say he did it intentionally.
He did it intentionally.
He did it intentionally to get injured so that he could be taken to the hospital and escaped from the hospital.
That's how desperate he was. That's what the correctional officer officer said.
Oh, I see. I didn't know this was an inmate.
It was an inmate.
And the correctional officer that was talking about him said that he intentionally injured himself so that he could go to the hospital.
Well, I do this for a lot of other parts of my body that I would rather injure than, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah. When he said he was a very desperate man, I guess.
Definitely. That's desperation.
Maybe he would like to be a desperate woman. Maybe that's what he's working on.
I'm gonna say he's more desperate now.
Maybe he's doing a little do it yourself, Dale there. Maybe it's a rompopil job.
Well, they keep saying that these guys have got to be in the area.
You have to be really stupid to stay in the area. Right?
Now, wait a minute. Now I'm getting confused. Is this one of the guys that was the escapees?
Right. Uh-huh. Yeah.
The escapee with the wounded peepies. That what this is?
Uh-huh.
Now I'm gonna tunnel it out.
So in other words, if you're looking for these guys, one of them no doubt is like walking kind of in lurching instead of like walking upright any wrecks.
No question about it. It should be pretty easy to spot that.
I just couldn't imagine. I couldn't tell them how you would get yourself.
Knowing how impressionable our audience is, I guarantee that by the end of the weekend there'll be at least 20-30 guys out there that do the experimentation.
Well, I sure made my day listen to that guy talk about it. That was really something.
Yeah, because I didn't hear the story. I was busy putting all my stuff together here and Rick Riley turned around and he said,
What do you got to think about this penis thing?
And I hadn't heard the story. Well, have a great day.
You too, Neil. Happy to hear.
And back to you. Bye.
Open line at Broward. 524. This chow is great. It isn't good. It's great.
And tomorrow we got another great Italian restaurant. So probably George's daughter in law or whoever that is Jason's gonna send some poison over there so he can get another free lunch tomorrow from Rigatonis.
Which is kind of interesting because I'm eating Rigatonis now as I speak. I find that very fascinating.
Don't you find that fascinating? You do not find that fascinating? Well, I don't give a crap whether you find it fascinating or not.
I find it somewhat interesting and I can't get my damn folk on the thing.
Mmm, mmm, mmm. Cooked Al dente just to perfection. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Hi there. How are you doing?
Oh, pretty good. I've talked to you in a long, long time.
Why not?
Working and basically they've had a semblance of a life.
Well, they allowed us to have radio shows at the first of the year. So I'm gonna be listening.
All right.
Yeah, I'm really happy about that. We used to talk about guiding light.
Right. I haven't seen that three years either.
Oh, I'm glad you mentioned soaps because I got to turn on a young and a horny right now which is my new favorite soap opera.
Oh, isn't that a great? I used to love that.
Which tomorrow by the way, Nick runs into Sharon in school of all places where she's trying to a transfer and wants out which he does know about that.
And they engage in a passionate kish and please call me, et cetera, and so on.
And of course, Nicky is very upset because hope just came back to town and Victor, they don't see eye to eye and she's hoping that they'll break up, et cetera.
You know, see, I see the show a day ahead of time on the satellite.
Oh, well, three years ago before I started this job, I think Nick was just born.
Yeah, and all of a sudden now he's like 18 years old and looking pretty good.
Oh, really? I got it. I got to have somebody tape this thing for me.
Trust me.
I saw four scum by the way and enjoyed it.
But it was kind of a history lesson and I think that's the reason why I enjoyed it.
So maybe I could watch the history channel on my satellite and get to this as much here.
Well, yeah. One thing it did bring out, he kept on falling into things. In other words, he became a millionaire sort of by happens to him.
So, you know, not because of it.
Well, I have an expression for that. He fell into a bucket of stuff.
Yeah, well, he sure did and it was golden too.
And he's made it.
Oh, one other thing I want to say, this one thing really is my fault.
I watched the channel for the morning before I got to work.
And Sigreto could not say the word bitch.
Really?
He had to say that Nick Hendrick had called the first lady a word that rhymes with witch.
Are you serious? What a bunch of pussy's in channel for smelly bitch.
I can't believe that. I mean, they had it on, oh, that's right.
It was on channel six because they can't receive the S at least as the moment.
No, no, they said it on channel four on the NBC news.
Right. But I'm saying the original clip of it because I saw it yesterday morning live when the newtmeister was sitting there with Paul Azon
and became like psychotic because they showed the clip from with Connie Chung and his mother.
And she said, well, you can whisper it to me and she said, he said she's a bitch.
And she said it so a lot. It was great. It was a, it was a beautiful thing.
So Tony Sigreto can't say bitch, okay? No.
I bet he knows a few.
Maybe he's one. Maybe he is one.
That's what I'm saying.
I hear he hangs with Jay Heiler next to her channel seven, but it could be just a rumor.
Oh, well.
Well, you have a great day and see how to ride your story.
It looks nice to be able to hear you again.
Thanks. See you.
How do you like that? That's good news.
We have an open line in a day at 7519 463 751 W I O D.
Oh, man, this launch. I'm having it is so rich and I know I'm going to eat too much and you know what? Too bad.
Too bad. Too bad for me.
It's like that Bell Soffin Bulley thing. Too bad for them.
That's what Steve Dickel says. Too bad for them.
Right. Here's a bokeh. Hello.
Yeah. Hi, Neil. How are you?
A call from Boca. I can't get over.
You want to call on the 800 line. Right. I wanted somebody alive in Bocah. You sound close.
Yeah, fairly alive. It's a long break.
I don't know how alive you get during lunchtime.
But the reason I'm calling is you said you wanted somebody to suck around for something,
some second around to get what you've given out.
You want one I'm giving out? Yeah.
What does that mean? I'm not sure.
In other words, I said that we're giving, I'd have something free if somebody would call on the Boca line.
Is that what you're referring to? That's right.
Okay, you ready? Yeah.
We have an open line on the green line.
What is that? I don't know. Listen, I'm not sure which and maybe you can analyze this for me.
All you experts out there, which is more perplexing, which is more confounding.
The reaction to Ronnie B and his appearance on a Phil Henry show yesterday,
that's pretty mind boggling, pretty blame blowing, or that.
Like I said earlier in a day, you can come on here and say anything, anything.
Like that guy who called yesterday about Herman and McBee,
and when did they start doing warnings on the coast?
Because I said the coast was going back to GTR.
I could say any kind of crap in the world that they believe in.
Hot 105 is going to start playing Spanish melodies all the week's Miguel all day on Hot 105.
Tune in tomorrow morning at six.
David K Jones on the coast in the morning, tomorrow morning at six,
being replaced by somebody with a personality.
I mean, you know, is it possible that any of these things could happen?
1242 at WIOD.
Sixth ten, WIOD, not quite as much fun as sex, but a whole lot safer.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers or any fatted and Hank Goldberg.
And now here's another exciting offer from Video Treasure Chest, just in time for Christmas.
The classic Nutcracker Ballet has become a favorite holiday tradition,
but some interpretations are a little looser than others,
as this lost classic performance featuring Miguel Barish-Nakoff and the New York City Ballet Company shows.
How are you kicked me into mysticals?
How are you kicked me into mysticals again?
How?
Oh my God!
So good!
The lost adaptation of the Nutcracker entitled The Ball Breaker Ballet can be yours for just 1995 and local video stores.
Video Treasure Chest, we've got rooms of this crap.
What do you guys think about this penis thing?
Neil God.
1247 at WIOD.
Don't forget, pizza lofts, Tuesday night, five to nine.
We'll have the center one, the best of everybody's CDs and cassettes.
We'll have those great t-shirts, rickensuds, Neil, Phil, Henry, et cetera.
And come on up and eat with us and hang out.
Russ will be there, he'll be showing off his pecs and Jose, I bet you'll say shows up.
He'll be covering in the background pretending he's not there, he'll be in the tea room no doubt.
Let's go to for Lauderdale on the purple line.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I'm going to tell you the benefit of listening to FM.
That was good, wasn't it?
Like that's going to get on the air?
Like that's going to get on the air?
What the hell does that mean?
You mean like him?
Was he talking about himself?
There's a man with a traumatic inferiority complex.
Using the effort to describe himself, which I think we can get some therapy for this guy.
Or maybe he can be Aaron's first caller on Monday night.
And she can soothe your wounds.
Open line on the purple line, pound IOD if you have cellular one.
That was probably some guy from Bellsoft Mobility trying to use to abuse the cellular one line.
That's the next deal.
The Bellsoft Mobility guys are going to be calling up on the purple line
and they're going to try to like use it and abuse it.
And guess what guys?
They're going to work.
Because cellular one loves this so much, I would be surprised that we have 10 cell one line pretty soon.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Oh, I need help.
Yes.
I just want to let you know that at this point in the end,
well, the people that say they've listened to Ron and Ron Schill and they can't even recognize his voice.
Yeah.
Crazy.
What does it tell you?
Isn't that a good lesson in life for you?
I really have moved somewhere else, man.
Exactly.
Now you understand why I'm always so frustrated.
I'm not saying that everywhere in America is like a bastion of intelligence.
But this town, this state, this is like a hotbed of stupidity.
It's like a festering disease here.
It's like growing.
Yeah.
You're on sand?
I like growing, I want to think you're on board.
But you know any of the things where it's just a plane going over me.
Yeah.
I think the lutes would be good.
Give it a shot.
I think that planes probably on their way there right now, lutes in an actual.
We have an open line in day 7519463.
How's that other?
Yeah.
See they got their diddling around with us.
I don't care what Steve Ziggler says.
He's a diddler.
Believe me when I tell you that anybody in this building knows he's diddled with the best of them.
I wonder how that that intern engineer is doing.
What's always?
What was his name?
That intern?
Manny?
No, not Manny.
What was his name?
You know I'm talking about the one I was here for about five minutes and they dragged him downstairs.
That intern engineer that you guys had here about three four.
Marco, what happened to Marco?
He's hanging out.
That's the problem.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, Renfrey.
How you doing, man?
Who is it?
Rintri.
Renfro.
Hey.
What is it?
Oh, this is Roddy B.
How you be, Roddy?
It's Roddy D and Roddy B.
It's, uh, they had those douchebags.
All right.
Some grease balls.
Yeah.
So what's up?
What is with that, all right?
I don't have any idea what the hell that's all about.
Bulkabergers are made out of people.
That's kind of good, but that's not the one I was hoping for, but I took it out of it.
I've yanked it out.
I don't even know where the hell that card is.
I'm glad you mentioned that.
I think I just ate it.
Hey, can I ask you something on the personal side?
Probably not.
Okay, I want that.
About what?
So what is with that?
I just actually get paid good money.
All right.
All right.
Is that on the personal side?
I could do that for free.
No, on the personal side.
Yeah.
One was it that you had your first homosexual experience.
How do you know that homosexual experience came first?
Didn't have any heterosexual experience.
So it was just started off as homosexual experience.
Yeah.
Why?
You looking for a date?
Well, maybe.
Yeah.
I don't think so.
I don't know.
I've seen you on TV and I'm bad.
Yeah, right.
You're desperate.
You might say that.
How long have you been without eyesight?
It's been getting worse over the years.
Okay.
That's obvious.
Well, listen.
Just keep working on it, and I'll be right over.
There's a guy who's also, he's going to be the second caller on passion phones on Monday night from 8 to midnight.
Now, what's the deal after midnight?
Are we going to have to wait until we tune in ourselves to find out?
See, this is ridiculous.
I mean, you think that this damned Steve Dickel, it's Thursday already.
Where the hell is the lineup for next week?
What's going to be on the midnight?
I mean, the most important thing.
And Rick Riley's got a very valid point.
What they're doing in that morning show on his station.
They're not giving those guys anything.
They're giving them a death wish, just like they did with Randy.
They're not giving them any assistance whatsoever.
What's important is what you are listening to before you stick your head on that pillow at night.
Where that radio dial is tuned.
And then when you wake up in the morning, it's still there.
So there are a lot of people up there who went here awake at midnight.
We want to know what all is on from midnight to two.
And allegedly, there's some damn show that's going to be on in here.
And we don't know what the hell it is.
And allegedly, Don and Mike are being shifted from two to five in the morning when almost everybody is asleep.
Which is a great time for their show.
And allegedly, the best of Neil is getting the hell out of there, which thank God for that.
Because enough already with that crap.
Over and over and over again.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Here's Summers.
Yeah, another swishful thinker.
Here's Cooper City. Hello.
Neil. How you doing? Great.
Just have a little time off.
I just graduated from the over university.
Oh!
One of your faithful listeners from the Cooper City High Days, 8788.
Who is it? Isada.
Do I know you?
You know my friend Alan. You don't know me.
Alan Dresler. Yes, sir.
Everybody I'd been out with that adventurer. They were guys there. They said, Hey, Alan Dresler.
We know Alan Dresler. Everybody knows Alan Dresler, but nobody knows where the hell he is.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Now, did he graduate from U of F?
Or if you haven't heard from him in several years.
See, that's the deal. Now, he called me a couple of times on the air.
And I think his face has gone to hell in a hand basket. He's got that David Johnson syndrome.
And that's why nobody sees him. He won't come out of the house anymore.
I'm sure he's in the closet.
I wouldn't be surprised. And I understand though his behavior, though, is still as juvenile as ever.
So it's the same old Alan that wouldn't be surprised.
That would be him, yeah.
And anyway, call it earlier.
I mentioned Mandage.
Yeah.
And you even said earlier today that if managed work on that station,
six people wouldn't be listening on the AM on Dolphin Days.
Yes!
Yeah.
And I have to make a confession that since you started talking about Mandage and ripping them,
I actually turned them on to see what he was about.
All right.
Being a Dolphin fan, I think the greatest things since the...
There you go.
He is a Homer.
In fact, a lot of people are at University of Michigan.
We was a Homer.
And we have the most Homer erotic broadcast in America.
He's an out-of-bashed Homer.
He roots, roots, roots for the home team.
And what's wrong with that? I like that.
Exactly.
I mean, but he does get a little bit too carried away.
I will rip him like on that one call, but he was emotional and Zinfra was squeezed him in a little bit too hard.
Right.
And he got a little carried away.
But other than that, I don't think there's anything wrong with...
Yeah!
What the hell is wrong with that?
Yes.
And as long as you mention that one call, if you could defy that first...
And if it happens to be a really great play that merits double enthusiasm...
Yeah!
Yes!
What the hell is wrong with that?
One more time, Neil, if you could play...
I know what you want.
I'm looking for it.
I'm...
I'm stalling here.
I'm going to play it right now if you ever say goodbye.
Goodbye.
See ya. Thank you.
Well, how do you like that?
I am quick, baby.
Just ask that Aaron Summers.
One looks.
Squirt, Squirt.
That's it, but not from her.
She's nice.
She is very nice.
We're going to give her a big send-off.
She's getting $100 million worth of publicity.
She's going to be the hottest property this company has ever had their hands on.
At least that's what they're telling everybody, even though they don't believe it.
She's going to be great.
And they are just going to fondle her with care.
And of course, the reason being that Steve Dickle, a program director,
has got the hots for that, babe.
I'll tell you that right now, even though her husband is moving to town with her.
He said she's got a great ass.
And yesterday he was, you talk about a hands-on PD.
Believe you me when I tell you.
So is this guy got his apparatus ready yet or what?
Second tight end comes into the game.
One running back is Greg Hill.
Both wide out to the left side now.
J.J. Burton in motion right.
First in ten.
Kansas City Bono back to pass again.
Has time.
He's throwing deep down the left side line.
It is taken away.
Intercepted by Gene Atkins.
He's returning up the side line.
Go and change.
Up to the middle.
He's to the 40s.
To the 45th lateral.
He knocks down the official and Troy Vincent is out.
Troy feels, oh my god.
The 35th.
The 30th.
He's got to.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Gene Atkins.
And Troy Vincent combined on the interception return.
And I think Gene Atkins maybe hurt.
Oh my god, what a sensational play.
Yes.
Yes.
Now I would like to point something out.
It's interesting that occurred at the time that it did.
Because a couple of weeks before that game, Steve Dickel,
our program director mentioned that he happened to run it
at one of the tailgate parties to Wayne Housinghi,
our good close personal friend,
and actually approached him and introduced himself
and instead of getting a punch in a mouth from Wayne's
a security guard, Wayne was very friendly,
put on the usual good push that he doesn't public,
and said, and here's the line.
Verbatim.
He says, you know, those broad dolphin broadcasts
are really coming together.
And if ever I heard anything that sounded like two guys
coming together, that was it right there at the end of that call.
Zimfer and Mandage in stereo.
Squirtz, Squirtz.
It was frightening.
Eat your heart out, Peter North.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Yeah.
Can you hear me?
What's all the beeping?
That's my amy.
What is all the beeping there?
I'm getting paged, Jesus.
With one.
You're getting paged by Jesus?
No.
I'm going to put on some new sandals.
The other ones are starting to smell real bad.
Right.
Listen.
Yeah.
And I'm not making my voice.
You're not making your voice?
No, I just want to ask you.
Where are you from?
With my telling experience.
Where are you from?
Where am I from?
Yeah.
Israel.
Israel.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Listen.
Oh, he veys me.
Oh, yeah.
With your telling experience, I'm talking about food.
A friend of mine invited me to his house for dinner.
For dinner?
Past the bajou.
Past the bajou.
What is that?
I have some right here.
As a matter of fact, I'm glad you mentioned it.
You must be psychic.
No, you're.
Are you a urethgeller?
This is the Israeli psychic, urethgeller, who makes spoons bend.
Oh, really?
He makes guys bend.
That's what I heard.
But anyway, yeah.
Past the bajou is like bean soup.
It's got beans and little macaroni in it.
It's Italian.
It is delicious.
And I got some great, past the bajou right here.
So it's like a soup, right?
It is a soup.
It is a soup.
It's a thick hearty.
It's really past the faggy oil.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
I'm telling you.
Okay.
Listen.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
So in other words, this man is circumcised.
We don't even have to have an investigation on this guy.
He's Israeli.
He is circumcised.
Oh, definitely.
A clean baby.
Okay.
Yes.
Go ahead.
Jim and Louis and John and the rest of them are the...
Fordlar the Lopez.
Yes.
They're all bunch of doodies bags.
And go ahead.
And go ahead.
Okay.
Sure.
See you, President.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
There's a Jewish pie zone for you.
There are, by the way, quite a few Jews in Rome.
I just thought I mentioned that who are circumcised.
Where the hell are they?
That will be my next endeavor, I guess, is to find all the Jewish young men in Rome to see
if we can't like indoctrinate them.
There we go.
See, I'm used that word intentionally indoctrinate them into the ways of Judaism.
Or maybe just manage and zimphur can indoctrinate them into that thing they were doing.
Wasn't that the song by the turtles coming together or happy together?
Same difference.
Here is Boka.
Hello.
Hey, I used to.
Pretty good.
I am embarrassed to share a zip code with these...
Shn...
Good man, bitch.
I f***ed him out.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
News talk at Entertainment Radio 610.
WIOD presents The Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD in date.
524 WIOD in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code.
It's toll free 1-800-944 WIOD.
And so you know one customer can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show.
A news talk at Entertainment Radio 610.
WIOD.
Don't you just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that 1-2-1?
It's the inspiring story of a man wrongly imprisoned for murder and a cellmate who helped him achieve redemption.
You know, when you're in here, they try to take everything from you.
They take your name, they give you a number.
They take away your freedom and they keep you behind bars.
They take your clothes and they give you different, less colorful clothes.
But the one thing they can't take away is the bond between us.
Because what we have is stronger than those iron bars.
Stronger than those guards.
Stronger than these concrete walls.
Because the bond we have is called love.
I'm not ashamed to say it, man.
I love you.
Yes, dear.
Columbia Pictures presents the sheep's shank redemption,
starring Tim Robinson as the prisoner, and Morgan Freeman as the sheep.
Hey, when we play find the flock, why do I always have to be little bopee?
Oh, yeah, you're a sheep.
The sheep's shank redemption.
Now playing in theaters everywhere.
Film live in Hillsborough County.
107 at WIOD.
Happy Thursday.
You know something? Where the hell is Sharon with my check?
Would you do me a favor, call down into accounting, please.
They have an extension, a coronal, I mean an extension.
And because George always does this for me, and that's why he gets the free food, Jason.
So it's the least you can do.
But see if Sharon is down here.
And if she has any intention of mosing on up here with that damn check.
And if she would have come up here earlier, could have had some of this great food.
In fact, if she's in time, there's still plenty of this rigotony left
that she could just heat up, put on a paper plates, pop it at microwave.
And it would be sensational, Sharon.
But I don't see her anywhere in sight.
Here is Boka on the Purple Line. Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Buenos Tuyah. Buenos tardes.
Buenos tardes to you. Two things, number one.
Yes.
Forest Gump. The music was great.
Did you like it?
I didn't see it.
You didn't see it.
Oh.
You think I'm going to go see Forest Gump?
Get the soundtrack. You'll like that.
Yeah. Well, what is Tom Hanksing?
Zero. Now that sounds pretty good, then, Neil.
Yeah. And the second thing is, I don't know if you're aware of it,
but the jets have just fired peak Carol.
Oh.
I say we're going to bring back Joe Walton.
That's what the jets need.
Well, they just hired a dick as in co-tight.
Are you serious?
And Jewish people.
No, get out of here. They hired rich co-tight.
Oh, my God. I bet you Harry Callas will be doing the jets games pretty soon.
You can get him back.
Here is the boomer going back. It's a wall.
Yeah.
That's where it goes.
Oh, my God. That is shocking.
So, and what's the deal with Vermeo, if I can say that?
Well, I hope he going to fill the dump.
It sure looks like a donut. Well, co-tight was already out,
and they're making a way.
But I understand that Vermeo wants Mossberg
to be there to give him a little oral support on the sidelines.
A little piece of the action.
That's right. That's it.
Okay, Neil.
Thanks for the good news.
Got it.
So the jets continue, foundering and floundering, and that's good.
You know, I was saying to somebody yesterday,
I don't want to make you feel bad because I know you're upset with me.
I'm not a dolphin fan, and I like fake my way through the last,
you know, I really was for several years,
and then they started getting me pissed off, and then of course they're,
well, I don't want to go through it again.
You know, they suck.
But the thing with the AFC East, when you come right down to it,
and the same is true in other divisions, like the AFC West.
I mean, San Francisco is definitely the team to be.
They're a great team.
But the other teams in their division are puke-inducing, man.
They suck.
And the same thing is true, other than the bills
who have become so old that even Methusel makes them look like teenagers,
other than that, who has there been last several years to beat out
for the AFC Championship.
Seriously, I mean, being very objective and being honest,
the spec- I mean, is it the Jets?
Was it the Colts?
Was it Prior to the arrival of Fatsopar Seltz?
Was it the Patriot?
So really, it's basically been a two-team division for a very, very long time,
and when in the AFC East is not perhaps the greatest to come,
not to diminish anything that Shula's brainstem and the group have done.
But, you know, it's not that big of a deal.
And I still say, I don't understand how come- maybe somebody can explain to me.
How come the Giants who were 9 and 7?
I don't understand how there can be three teams from the Central,
an AFC Central in a playoffs, especially.
I mean, really, Detroit, oh, and Chicago?
Ow!
And Chicago, of course, and Minnesota, which goes without saying that they beat the big one.
Warren Moon, baby.
He's choking it right now.
He's got that news around his neck.
He's still gagging out of it.
Come on, Warren.
It's all over, baby.
He don't want to play today.
He just, yeah, right.
That's right, because the pressure is on.
Man, his sphincter is just twitching.
But anyway, you know, the Giants were 9 and 7.
There were three teams in the AFC Central.
They all got the Green Bay, of course, one division.
And he got, I mean, Minnesota one, the division, didn't they?
Right.
Minnesota one, the division, and Green Bay and Chicago, and Detroit.
Four teams.
I'm sorry.
You had the division winner and then three four out of five teams.
What is that?
Everybody except the Bucket Ears from that division got into playoffs.
What is that?
And the Giants who wound up 9 and 7, and Dan Reeves pulled out their miraculous comeback after that horrendous start.
And certainly were much better than probably at least three of those NFC Central teams.
They're out of the playoffs.
Not in, of course, a lot of you people who hate New York are probably happy about that.
But it just don't seem right.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
How are you, sir?
I'm doing great.
Happy New Year.
And back to you.
Two things for you.
Okay.
Okay.
You heard the Larry King Sparry port.
I was, I didn't hear the show earlier.
Did anybody call and tell you about Larry King last night with Oprah?
Yes.
Somebody mentioned something about Larry in the first part of the show as a matter of fact.
He is so dead.
It went right over to say that somebody called him dead.
About Howard, yeah.
Yeah.
Somebody did.
And the second thing has, has a rep...
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
You know how much money you paid when Oprah sat down in a chair.
You know how much money she's got, Larry said.
It's only 50 dollars.
Several times.
Neil.
It was on his knees.
Yeah.
Neil, you know how you always say there are givers and takers?
Yeah.
People have been slipping you for tickets and everything.
And as a member of the African-American slash black, slash negro slash color community, I have something
for you.
Can I ask you a question?
Sure.
Can we stick with black?
Yeah, I prefer...
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
African-American thing.
I mean, it takes so long to say, you know, it's part of the con job that white America is doing on black people again.
First, it was...
First, it was nigger, which was unacceptable.
That was a disgusting term.
Then it was negro, which was kind of like a derivative of, you know, but less objectionable.
That was okay.
It was kind of a genteel word.
Then it was like a black, which just seemed to make sense, even though they're different shade brown and black and chocolate and whatever.
And now we got African-American.
I mean, like every five minutes you got to turn around and find out what adjective you got.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, you got...
Black was playing in symbol.
I think that speaks the thing, you know.
Well, is the represent of the community, since we don't show up on your numbers, I have something for you, okay?
Oh, Jason Simpson's Jewish.
Can you believe it?
Oi!
Such a tragic fall for Mr. Football.
Yes!
Luther Campbell's Jewish.
Could you conceive it?
Thank you, Abe.
Obscenities his niche and slapping up his bitch.
Jesse Jackson's Jewish.
So is the Reverend Oweshapton.
Unbelievable.
As well as that famous Jewish couple, Louis and Farrah Khan.
Yes!
Spike Lee's Jewish can't you see it?
Oi!
And Michael Jackson too.
Ooooooh!
As a matter of fact, the whole world's Jewish sense of fell in love with you.
Joyce L. Andersson.
So I fell in love with you.
Neil, Yahweh, Ben Yahweh.
Ooooooh!
Beautiful.
Thank you, Neil.
85 stars.
Love you.
See ya.
Okay.
Big juicy.
Give us a big juicy.
What movie was that line from, huh?
I bet you don't know that.
Don't know her name either.
Okay, Robert Duval was in the movie.
There's a hint for you.
The movie had two names.
Your first name was the Ace.
Was a bomb at the box office.
Big hit on the video and on cable.
The great Santini rhymes with.
You don't never saw the great Santini?
Oh my God, what a great movie.
Robert Duval, that southern gentila.
Oh my God, what the hell is her name that played his wife in there?
Be not Beatrice Straight.
She was a network.
Oh, what is her name?
She's always played that.
That southern.
She's great.
I like her a lot.
In spite of that southern draw, which I don't think she has to put on.
She is great.
Does anybody know what we're going to get to call?
How do I help him get a call on that?
Maybe call on one of the office lines.
Call somebody.
What the hell was her name?
I guess I'm going to have to look into book because nobody's going to get through on a thing there.
Give us a big juicy.
That was a funny line.
It was just, it wasn't funny.
It was just cute.
Give us a big juicy.
Oh man.
Well, let's see.
The great Santini now is going to be in a book under the anorys.
Are going to be under the ace.
Look at that.
There's a half of a five dollar bill in this book.
I bet your Roger will be back to get that, baby.
I think this is Roger McElan's book.
Here's the great McGinty, the great sinner, the great race, the great Rupert, the great Santini.
Star at Blight Dinner.
Well, that's close to Eva Marie Saint.
You don't know who Blight Dinner is?
Jason, you know, you ought to get out of the house like once a month would be good.
Of course, when you work here, you can't afford to.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
I just want to give you a little update.
I was watching the news on Channel 4.
Yes, sir.
Kelly Craig said bitch.
All right.
Oh, I always loved that Kelly Craig.
Yeah, with what?
Newt Gingrich said?
Yeah.
She said the word.
She's smelly bitch.
Yeah.
I love, and it goes to show you she's got bigger ones than cigarette.
Oh, how do you like that?
Exactly.
Isn't that great?
I knew that he had BBs for balls.
I knew it.
Okay, thanks for the new one.
I think I just wanted to tell you that.
Thanks, Nate.
Which is gross.
Yeah.
Kelly Craig is a goddess.
Oh, yeah.
She and Bob Weaver are the only real people over there left the channel for.
The rest of them are a bunch of pus-filled the slime balls who lied through their teeth about the casino gambling thing.
And especially that Hank, what's his name, Tess Nero, so whatever that guy's name is?
What an asshole.
Goes out there to Vegas and he stands in front of a 7-11 or whatever.
Then he goes out in the desert in front of a couple of drunks.
Yeah, the Miami-Herald pulled the same thing, Mr. Hot Shot.
Underlined the shot part.
Yeah, you see they don't have to resort to that because gambling is never going to pass here.
And the Indians are going to be raking in billions of dollars.
And the same asshole that called on the year that was bitching about, oh gee, the Indians are making like a 10 grand a month of peace.
They're going to be making a million a month of peace.
And we're all going to be sitting here holding hind, you know what?
And here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. What's up?
How you doing, sir?
Pretty good, sir.
I parked your vet a few years ago at Caldera's Tract.
Remember me?
Oh!
Now, let's see. Which guy is this?
Circus size.
That helps.
Who is it?
My name is Brian.
Brian.
I was too long ago.
I don't know who you are, Brian.
Now, who is the guy that used to be the valet parking guy that I knew that used to make himself into a celebrity?
Wasn't you, Brian?
No, probably some Puerto Rican fella.
No, no. What the hell was that guy's name?
He used to give him a big tip.
I mean, yeah.
You parked my car, Brian.
Were you like a real hot number?
And I said, hey, come and park it again or just stay in there.
I'll take you home.
Well, you know, you get me a handsome tip and you kind of squeeze my hand very hard.
Did I? Well, there was a little message in there, Brian, but it never works.
You know, it's always, you know, it's cute, but it never works.
I'll tell you what, it's my first time calling.
It's been a long time listening, though.
I've got a question for you.
Yeah, now, wait a minute.
What are you doing now?
Just hanging around.
You don't have a job?
No, sir. I listen to you all day.
Oh, that's better. That's better in a job.
It's much more educational and the price is right.
You don't have to use up a lot of gas.
And I crank all bell-fouth customer service line.
Okay.
All right. My question is, you've got to fill me in.
Okay.
You have to fill me in on what happened between you and Alan Dresner?
Because I went to high school and college.
You know, something, unfortunately, nothing happened between me.
And I can't, now, you see, there's two different, and of course people in the audience
they don't know who it is, but there's a lesson here.
And I've said this many times before.
Just because somebody looks great, whether it's a male, female or undecided,
doesn't mean that they're a great person.
And sometimes people who are fantastic looking turn out to be just assholes.
And Alan to me, Alan was really, sometimes if you go to school with somebody
and they're such a pain in the ass, you can't be objective in the fact that they look good.
Like even, seriously, even the girls at Cooper City High didn't want to go out with them
because he was always flashing and moaning.
It was just such a jackass, even though he was a great looking guy.
He really was.
He was a little, he was a little over the edge there.
Yeah, but he was a good looking young guy.
I'm telling you, when I first saw him at the melting pot down in Kendall,
I just about, I was drooling into my fondue out there.
It was drool fondue.
And he started hanging around, you know, we had all this Cooper City and Piper High kids.
And everybody kept telling me what a jerk he was and in many ways he was.
But he just, I have a soft spot in my heart for Alan.
So you guys were just friends, huh?
Well, what do you mean we were just friends?
I don't know.
They were rumors flying around.
They were rumors flying around.
Talked something more.
Yeah, don't I wish.
Oh, man.
I'm not believing anything I hear.
Oh, baby, don't I wish.
I wanted to hear it from the horse's mouth.
No, he just, Alan's straight as a hang there.
I mean, he was getting plenty of action from what I understand.
Well, from the ladies, from the real ladies.
From the real ladies.
Perhaps the prime animals as well.
You might not, I might be it.
At least they don't talk back anyway.
They don't care about your attitude.
But I don't know, everybody in their brother knows Alan Dresner.
He went off to Gainesville.
He called me a couple of times from school up there when he came home from school, called on here.
And he's vanished.
Now Bob from Cooper City, which I don't know if you remember, Bob.
Uh, last name would help.
Bob Garrison?
No.
He was working at Circus City.
He came out to our remote at the thing.
Was it Evan?
Where ever the hell was it?
The fountain shops.
And he's doing real well.
Married.
Got a baby on the way and just doing great.
That's cool.
Yeah, I'm just, uh, I'm just giving Alan our time.
We were good buddies in high school, actually.
Well, now let's see.
Now let's turn this thing around.
Okay.
Oh, here's my check.
Thank you so much, Sharon.
Thank you.
You're just, oh, here you want the rest of my rigatoni?
Please heat it up.
Put it out.
It's delicious.
Put it on a plate.
Put it in a microwave.
It's the best.
And then I will eat all the rest of that.
I had two pounds of it.
But anyway, uh, so you and Alan, uh, used to shower together in high schools.
That what you said?
From time to time.
Now he was Jewish in Korea.
Are you Jewish, Brian?
Absolutely.
Oh, so we had two circumcised guys.
So we don't have to worry about the cheese part.
You couldn't cut that away right off the bat.
I have none of that.
So you used to shower together in gym class, right?
None of that, Limberger.
Brian.
Yes, we did.
You did.
And?
No, no, I'm just kidding.
We didn't shower together.
We were just buddies.
We were straight buddies.
You were straight buddies and you never showered together?
Of course not.
Jim and it says all good buddies if you're real buddies.
You have to shower together once in a while.
I'll keep that in mind.
Yeah.
All right.
So in other words, you don't know like which was the better in doubt.
Not that I really cared.
How tall are you, Brian?
Uh, 5-11.
5-11.
Now I would say Alan's about like 6-1.
No.
6 feet?
No.
5-11?
Less.
5-10?
Maybe 5-9.
5-10.
No, not about 5-10.
Okay.
So in other words, you got an inch on him.
Is that what you're saying?
And more ways than one.
Okay.
Well, we believe you're Brian.
Okay, sir.
And keep thinking about it.
Listen, if you track him down, tell him we want to see him.
We want to hands-on experience.
I will.
Okay.
That's good that you were able to give me the full story.
Okay, Brian.
You got anything free to give away?
Oh, my loving kisses.
I hate to talk up to you about it.
It's something I had to do.
See ya.
Take care, Neil.
There is lovely Brian who once parked my car called a race course.
I think I'm going out to Gulfstream.
I got my passes, early some of them at home.
And I got my, you know, a Gulfstream has happened.
And even though of course you got those halenday.
See, that's the only reason I haven't gone to Gulfstream
last couple of years is because those blue hairs in Halendayl.
Oh, my God.
It's just one of those, oh, very experiences.
But it's a beautiful plant.
And the weather is still nice and mild and bommie.
And they got some great racing this year.
And why did I not go out there and go on up and say hi to Tom Durkin.
And my other good close personal friends in the press box,
like Hank Goldberg and Tom Jicke.
That would be kind of an interesting thing.
Hank and I always get along great in the face to face,
push the push in person.
Because you know, basically it's not that I dislike Hank
because I really don't.
It's just that he's, I don't know.
He's just full of crap.
But when you see, like at the hockey games, I would see Hank.
And I thought, well, this is nice that he's actually coming out.
He admits he knows nothing about hockey,
but he came out to a few games.
And we always had like a pleasant conversation.
And he always like, you know, give me that fat push look.
And he's okay.
But he's just so full of crap.
If you just stop not dropping so many names
and stop making so many bad predictions
and stop trying to be what you aren't, Hank.
Like a major talent.
It's around 22 at WIOD.
16 WIOD.
Maybe hazardous to your mental health.
I think you got a point there, Jason.
Jason and I were just having a little conversation about the big wedding
coming up between Jay Heiler and Jessica Aguirri next door,
Channel 7.
And it's one of those on again, off again deals evidently,
because Jessica, after I exposed certain rumors on the year,
the day following the big announcement,
she was no longer wearing that engagement ring on the year,
is what we understand.
And, well, he does have an engaging smile.
That's what Craig Stevens said.
We're an engaging, we have an open line in Broward.
Are they engaged?
Oh, that's the deal.
Craig Stevens and Jay Heilerri are engaged.
All right.
Well, I hope that our ex-newsman don't get upset about that.
You know, these jealous, uh,
here's Daniel. Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil. Happy New Year.
Back to you.
Uh, was down at Abentura,
bought your best of Neil Rodgers.
Thank you so much.
Great.
And it's great.
It is.
Uh, Neil, you were talking about the blue hairs of Halondale.
Oh, yes.
Well, you know Nikki Grossman, right?
Oh, yeah.
Uh, she ruined Fort Lauderdale.
I was talking about blue hair, not blue body.
Oh, my God.
Talk about the old wide body.
What a cow.
What a cow.
They have a truck that goes behind her.
That's a head of her wide, low to head.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah. Well, you know, uh, she's,
she's got the town past an ordinance.
I was down there yesterday.
I was so pissed off.
And we're down there trying to ride my bike.
And the cops told me I had to get a hell off the boardwalk.
Yeah.
Because the Canadians can't stay away from the bike lane.
Well, there's a sign in Halondale that says no kikes on bikes.
Now, I don't want, you know, I don't know what that means.
I was out with that.
I sure, Sonny Rosenberg won't take kindly to that.
Well, she's ruined.
She's ruined Hollywood just like she's ruined.
Yeah, much.
She's a lot of her.
At least she's consistent though.
You know, she really is consistent.
She's the only commissioner who can actually dance with herself cheek to cheek.
Well, you know, she likes the Canadian.
Well, can you imagine the words that she pops here?
You know, huh?
You know, what is it?
I said she likes the Canadian for the damn well.
Why doesn't she move north?
Hey, we'll pack her a salami sandwich.
A big one.
Boy, I'll tell you.
Hey, Neil, can you do me a favor?
She can use it as a seat.
Yes?
You've got a bit there called eating at the Y.
Yeah.
And the Kendall.
Yeah.
You think you can complete it?
Wait a minute.
That's two separate bits.
Yeah.
One per call, pal.
I think eating at the Y.
I played Kendall yesterday.
How about eating at the Y?
Oh, I love it.
I bet you do.
Have a great day, pal.
Take care.
See, you shouldn't talk about Nikki Grossman and the same.
I mean, that's very close to a lunchtime for a lot of people.
And I don't think that was probably the best choice of a burbiage.
By the way, speaking of eating at the Y, don't forget,
a passion phone starts on Monday with the great Aaron Nobra.
I hope I didn't have something really good in here that I was going to.
Oh, yeah, I was going to play the Maul boys.
That's a great bit.
But instead of that, now I've got to dig this damn thing out.
What is it that he wants to hear?
Or he wants to hear that disgusting, that filthy, that great bit.
Okay.
It's in there, pal.
I got my finger on it.
We have two open lines that are both in power.
How do you like that?
They're probably trying to write their bark on a boardwalk in Hellendale.
And probably going to get like a tossed in a Husqa.
They're probably going to get tossed in a damn outhouse gang.
That's another thing in Hellendale.
Isn't that a classy?
It's kind of the thing that Hellendale is famous for,
aside from Blue Hair and Sonny Rosenberg and the Andrithal thinking,
is the outhouse gang.
What does that tell you?
Talk about a crappy place to live.
And of course, banning MTV from the cable.
North Miami. Hello.
Neil.
What's happening?
What's happening?
What is this obsession with forced dump?
Beats a hell out of me.
I mean, they ought to call the movie forced dump.
They don't know what I'm saying.
Actually, I rented a movie called Forrest Stump,
but it started around Jeremy and Peter North.
Stumps me.
Yeah, I guarantee if Peter North was in it,
there'd have been no stumps in that time.
You got to, you got to rent it.
It's an excellent movie, man.
Yeah.
But I don't know.
I think this country is just a little too easily entertained.
Yeah.
I think so, but.
That's why sliced the loans getting $85 billion for his next movie.
They haven't even bought the film yet.
I'm a Kodak and they're already giving him $100 billion.
Exactly.
But I don't know.
I think the reason that these dolphins don't win the big games
because I think Shula's got too many other things happening.
See, he's got this golf course hotel, the restaurant.
I mean, you need someone who's going to eat sleep and live football,
like Parcells or someone.
I mean, he didn't even know if he had a Christmas tree in his house.
And they, you know, that's how we need some help.
We need some help.
We need some help.
That's the coach.
You need some help.
That's it.
But I'd like to dedicate this call to my friend Carlos,
whose wallet is his dead as his town and Neil Allah.
His wallet is dead.
Oh, his wallet.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Take care.
He said his apparatus is his dead as a door nail.
We have an open line in day 751,
purple line, cellular one.
Now you folks, I'm telling you right now,
there better not be a moment when that purple line is dead,
like it is right now,
or we're going to start really getting parked off about that bell
soft mobility thing.
We may have to take a frisky action if you don't cut the crap.
Pound IOD, baby, cellular one.
And how come we haven't had air be Bell soft mobility customer in town,
already make the big switch over to cellular one.
Of course, they can't do it in one day and they can't get hooked up in one day.
But at least you better be working on it right now.
If you want to speak to the important celebrities on this station
and me too, let's get with it.
Miami, hello.
Mail.
Yeah.
Are you doing?
No wonder.
Are you coming to the restaurant?
Go straight.
Oh, I don't know.
Am I?
I thought you said you were coming to the restaurant.
I want to see you.
Who is this?
This is Jeffrey.
Jeffrey Dahmer?
No, no, no, no.
Jeffrey Hunter?
That's it.
Yeah.
That's it.
How you been, buddy?
Jeffrey, who?
Jeffrey Hunter.
Yeah.
I thought you were dead, Jeffrey.
No.
I'm not dead.
I'm the second Jeff to do anyway.
I want to see you at the clubhouse.
I mean, at the, uh...
Well, what do you do?
Are you like to make your day, which I'm sure you're not,
because they're open right now, so you'd be working.
What do you do there?
Besides, hang out and make bad bets.
Yeah, well, I just hang around.
I'm an...
You don't know.
You don't know lester green shirt by any chance, do you?
No, I don't know.
Well, and you're out, uh...
Jeff, whatever the hell your name is.
We have two open lines to date, one in brown,
and a purple line, cellular one.
This is an emergency right now.
I cannot believe this.
I can't believe my eyes.
And nobody out there in this audience
saw the great Santini with, uh...
What's her name?
Ellen Burston.
I mean, uh...
Ellen Burston was in...
Was she in Cookeews Nest?
Was that Ellen Burston that played the nurse, Mr. Ratchet?
Or was she in the exorcist?
There's two that I always get confused.
Ellen Burston, and the other one that looks just like her,
that was in the, uh...
Lois Lane.
Louise Fletcher.
Isn't that who I'm thinking of?
Now Louise Fletcher, she was in Cookeews Nest, right?
I like my...
Sugar rats, Mr. Ratchet.
That's who she was.
Mr. Ratchet.
In fact, she was doing that Warren Moon routine.
Remember why she was lying there on the floor?
And Jack Nicholson had like...
Just gently put his...
Put his...
Uh...
Fist around her neck.
And she started doing that Warren Moon.
And...
Gagging and choking got all those purple marks around her neck.
Purple, kind of like his Minnesota Viking purple.
Huh.
And, uh...
In fact, wasn't that the name of the movie The Color Purple?
But that was Louise Fletcher, and Ellen Burston was in Exorcist 1,
and I do believe that Louise Fletcher was in like Exorcist 2,
which is why I always get them confused, plus the fact they look like twin seasters.
Don't they?
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Did you see those movies?
Long, long time ago.
Long, long time ago.
It sounds like a great song.
As an American pie.
I'm not exactly acclaimed to it.
But, uh, seriously, Louise Fletcher and, uh, now, um...
I gotta look it up.
I can't take it anymore.
See, I keep doing this to myself.
Why don't I stop?
Just stop it.
I mean, my mind, even the other day, I couldn't think of Harry Callis,
because I'm trying to block it from my mind.
I'm getting so old in Fibrile.
Okay, Exorcist 1, 2, 5.
And if you haven't seen the Exorcist yet, by the way, go out and read it.
It's a great movie for the whole family.
Here.
Oh, I think it is.
The spirit of Christ compels you.
I love it. It's the best.
Catholic Church don't like it too much.
That's what makes it great, right?
You betcha.
Here's the Exorcist 2, the Herodic, which by the way,
the other at these 2, 3, 4, and 5 were terrible.
Yeah, what did I tell you?
Now, wait a minute.
The first one had...
Where the hell is the thing here?
Oh, here it is.
Ellen Burstin.
I was right.
Once in my life, I got it right.
Mark the date on your calendar and the time.
The old fart got one right.
Exorcist, the original one, had Ellen Burstin, Max von Cedau, Jason Miller, Linda Blair,
Lee J. Cobb, man, he was great.
He was one of the great actors, dead, but one of the greats and some other people.
Exorcist 2, the Herodic, had Richard Burton, Linda Blair, Louise Fletcher,
as in Mother Fletcher, as in Yomama, and Max von Cedau and a bunch of others.
And James Earl Jones and Ed Bady, who was just...
And James was just healing up from deliverance when they made that movie.
And he's still pretty sore about it.
It's 133 at WIOD.
Jason.
It's only rock and roll without the music.
610, WIOD.
Florida sucks.
Suck it in and hold it.
Are you searching for a new sensation in dining?
If you're tired of that same old bump and grind, then why not revisit an old friend and eat it the why?
That's right folks, because here at the Y, we've turned our old facilities into a mouth-watering buffet.
And you've never seen us spread like this one.
Featuring some of the most delicious entrees you've ever tasted.
And if you like eating Mexican, you'll love the why because every night is taco night.
Or if you enjoy the taste of wild game, our chef, prepare a lip-spacking sauteed rabbit baked in a golden flower crust.
That's right.
Hair pie.
It's all here.
Literally, mounds of piping hot food, including juicy steaks, cook medium rare.
Cause when you eat at the Y, all the meat is pink in the middle.
Or if you like spicy food, here's an unusual entree.
A red hot-cage and mule steak.
Talk about a piece of ass that brings tears to your eyes.
It's lip-spacking. Good to chew.
What would I miss?
Old, the next time you eat out, slide on down to the Y.
Look at it just north of Percy Highway, up the Nisper 1 egg.
Eat a low.
Why?
Eat a low.
What was that?
What was that?
It's 137.
That was me.
I had a slippery finger on that one.
Sorry, Phil.
Okay.
Try it on.
Speaking of that, by the way, do you hear Jennifer start the 1 o'clock news?
You guys are so slow.
They're probably practicing right now.
Starts out the 1 o'clock news.
She says, for 32 cents, you can lick Maryland.
Start licking.
Unbelievable.
Now, she is a little bit cold, but most guys, they don't mind.
And, you know, can I be honest with you?
And this will raise.
I said the other day that Christy Brinkley wasn't all that great.
And I really don't think she is.
Did I say Christy Brinkley or did I say the other one?
Now, see, I'm there.
We go with it.
I just saw Dylan Burst and Louise Fletcher.
And I'm getting that all confused again.
I did not say Christy Brinkley.
I said, Cindy Crawford.
I'm sorry, Christy Brinkley is hot.
Cindy Crawford is a skank.
Not a skank, but she's nothing.
She's nothing.
Even Johnny Crawford used to look better than her.
He was a lot prettier.
But anyway, what am I talking about?
See, there it goes.
It's right down the drain.
I just want to show you right on your house.
See now, I am at this point.
It's all gone.
No, but the thing about Maryland Monroe, seriously.
What was the big deal with Maryland Monroe?
Now, she had nice hooters.
She had a very nice body.
And she did, she wasn't that movie where the wind and the thing
kept blowing her skirt up to her waist, up to her armpits.
But other than that, what was the big deal with Maryland Monroe?
I mean, Bobby Kennedy must have seen something.
And also JFK.
They must have seen something there that didn't meet the eye, or maybe
did meet the eye.
But I think as far as her face was concerned, she was like, in other
words, if she'd been without makeup, man, forget it.
You wouldn't want to wake up in the same building much less next to that.
I don't think she was all that great.
I thought she was very like kind of simple to looking.
Not the, but what do I know?
So anyway, we've got the Maryland Monroe stamp now for just 32 cents.
You can lick it.
Start licking.
Here's a lady in the bokeh.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, Robin.
I'm here on vacation.
From where?
From Toronto.
Oh, from Toronto, all right.
Yep.
And I'd just like to say that I'm not a big moose, where the Montrealers
are the big moose.
Oh, they're the worst.
The Pepsi's, the frogs.
I'm here at a cemetery or a century village.
Cemetery village, you got that right.
And the Montrealers, they just, they just threw it so loud.
The most obnoxious, the rudest, they're fat, they drive slow, they're cheap.
They're the cheapest people on the face of the earth next to the French.
And of course, they get that from the French.
Yep, but they're all the same family.
All the same family.
Huh?
We come here about a couple times a year.
About, yeah.
And that.
So let me ask you something.
Now, you must, I pray I hope you're a big maple leaf fan.
Uh, yes.
Oh, come on.
Don't say, ah, yes, like that.
Well, I'm not a bandwagon fan.
I'm always behind them.
I've been a maple leaf fan since 1958.
Win, loser, draw.
I've never been on or off the bandwagon.
I may, I live and die blue and white.
Oh, good.
You ever come to Toronto?
Yes, I was there last, not this past season, but I was there the year before.
For the second game, the one that went into, uh, well, two games went into double over time against the blues.
The one we lost two to one and double over time.
The night that it was so warm that it was like fogged up into gardens.
Right.
Well, it always gets that way.
Yeah, in May, because they're not supposed to be playing hockey in May.
And there's no AC in there.
But it, it was great.
And of course, I have a satellite dish.
So I watch every Saturday night when we're playing, of course, which I wish we were, uh, hockey night in Canada.
I don't talk like that.
Bob Cole and Harry Neal and Don Cherry and Ron McLean and the, uh, the Gontz and Mishpah.
It's my fan.
I'm dying without it.
We got to have our hockey.
Yeah, while they're building, they're thinking of building a new arena.
Are they?
And then they'll bring foster Huat back.
And they'll dig him up and prop him up air into Gondola.
What's wrong with that?
I don't know.
That would be a lot of fun.
Yeah, while just like to say that me and my family always come down here and listen to you.
Great.
My grandfather and everybody.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
Go Leafs Go.
Yep.
See ya.
Bye.
That was sweet, man.
That's enough to get me in the mood right now.
I'm going to go home and watch hours and hours of the Maple Leafs.
I'm doing it.
Tonya.
Where's our hockey Jeff Rimmer, you man?
Where is it?
I want it.
I want it.
I want it.
On CBC.
Where is it?
Brought to you by Moles and Exports.
Excess at all.
By board of Canada.
Where quality is job one.
It's working.
By Imperial Oil and Esu Azosias.
Proud to be one of the leading sponsors of Utah, Key and Canada.
And by Pepsi, gotta have it.
This time Gills, right up the edge to the blue line.
Gillmore takes the pass and shoots it from center.
Rapples on the boards, Portiotsky puts up.
Gills again, three blues chasing him.
And Gill fires it in.
There's Gillmore and Portiotsky, Portiotsky.
And Portiotsky puts up.
Look at my chances.
Travel for it.
And it's still out of there.
Into the corner and you're checking our great chance.
And then another.
A cow kept it in.
A cow was drilled.
A high rise around the last half of the other side.
Like Gill.
Gillmore back to the end.
Gillmore checking front before Shepsky.
And it's going for a leading.
Waiting around the half.
Waiting on the half.
Gillmore, Gillmore.
Gillmore, Gillmore.
He's won.
And it's time for time here.
Gillmore, Gillmore.
This is your ball in the place of the ball.
They believe.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Goosebumps, baby. Goosebumps.
How's Bill Hewitt doing?
Oh, I can't take it.
Where's our hockey, huh?
The hell with his stupid football, man,
with all these choke artist teams?
Eh!
Where's the beazer when we need him?
Oh, by the way, how they coming on that silent auction?
I'm getting choked up now.
At the Denny Poppans place.
See, we don't get any, we're just out to lunch.
Our set of one totals, 87,403.
Tuesday night will be five to nine at the pizza loft again.
69th and flag.
They're upstairs for another fundraiser.
And they will have all the shirts and CDs and cassettes
and beautiful people up there.
And Jeff Cohen, of course, my mother's perfect.
And that toll free number,
a capture glory, you can get all your stuff through them.
1-800-610-6285.
Want to get that 100,000 mark?
We really got a shot at it.
Now we got almost 90 grand with like 26 days to go.
Let's get out there and do it, baby.
And where is all those big checks coming in from all my good friends
that I don't see any of them?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, good afternoon.
So, when is Tias?
When is Tartus?
Uh, I was listening to a little radio accident.
Listening to Hank Goldberg.
That is an accident, yeah.
When you're running to Hank, that's a massive accident.
And that was the, it was last Thursday, the 88 hour,
when he had a Brian Cox on his head.
Oh, Brian was on.
And he's still pissed off.
That was funny.
It is.
And someone called him said, uh, his exact words were, you know,
Brian Cox being a role model is everything that's wrong with society.
Right.
And the guy said something, he goes, you know,
the nearer artist was right and Hank just went nuts.
Really?
He goes, oh, you know, something nearer.
Right.
And then he ended up, then he called you guys the dolphins, uh,
fagship.
Oh, yeah, he's doing that all day.
That's his big comeback, yeah.
Everything with me is fagged this and fagged it.
How's your wife doing, Hank?
Haven't seen her around lately.
Did you, uh, did you, uh,
whose Hank been down with these days?
I don't want to know or what.
Mm-hmm.
Did you, uh, did you get,
All I know is the Gaki Zybrow's look pretty nervous lately.
They've been twitching.
They've twitching a lot and his eyebrows too, yeah.
Did you finally catch that movie I talked to you about a couple weeks ago?
Which one?
Uh, bound by honor.
No.
That prison one?
No, he did not.
You didn't run it?
Bound by honor.
It, it would be...
Now that's not honor with a U in it like the Canadians, the H-O-N-O-U-R.
No.
Just H-O-N-O-R.
It, it, it'll either be under bound by honor or, uh, blood in, blood out.
Blood in, blood out.
Yeah.
You gotta see the guy in this movie.
The, the leading...
Oh, I see.
You gotta see.
Oh, in other words, there's a hot number in the movie.
Now we're talking.
I thought, I, I thought you're gonna give me another one of these movies that was like an intellectual story.
I just want to see some hot bodies.
I don't care about story.
Yeah, well.
That's why Forest Gump, who wants to see Tom Hanks with her without close-up forget that?
I think there's some interesting-looking people.
I think the ugly people at home in the mirror, I don't need that.
And there you go.
Nila, can I get one shameless request?
Anything you like, perfect.
If there's time, uh, the Pope smokes dope.
There's time.
Okay.
Ever in life, Palli?
You too, see it.
I'm the K.
See ya.
Okay.
See ya.
Okay, we had enough of our Leafs there for a second to get me going.
That's, that was great.
There's the winning goal A in game one against the St. Louis Blues, eh?
They don't talk that way.
They don't talk about them that way.
They don't speak that way, eh?
The Pope smokes dope.
How is the Pope doing, by the way?
Is he doing okay?
Is he in good health?
Is everything copacetic?
Are they doing their usual right-wing fascistic repressive overpopulating the world thing?
That's a good thing though.
A Pope smokes dope.
The Pope smokes dope.
God gave him the grace.
The Pope smokes dope.
He likes to smoke in masses.
The Pope smokes dope.
He's a good head there.
The Pope smokes dope.
The Pope smokes dope.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
God is higher than skill is.
He didn't high expect.
Bokes in wrong gets thrown on red.
Jesus breaks out back.
Jesus Christ is super.
He'll be never shot up.
Bokes in wrong gets thrown on red.
He's a church at twine.
The Pope smokes dope.
God gave him the grace.
The Pope smokes dope.
He likes to smoke in masses.
The Pope smokes dope.
He's a grumpy head there.
The Pope smokes dope.
The Pope smokes dope.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
They're taking two line up there.
Two Frenches fail on water.
Two forgot to take a pill.
Nice, he's got it in Georgia.
Taking pills in that age of four ain't told me both.
Bokes in talking pills took up narrow on his smoke.
The Pope smokes dope.
God gave him the grace.
The Pope smokes dope.
He likes to smoke in masses.
The Pope smokes dope.
He's a grumpy head there.
The Pope smokes dope.
The Pope smokes dope.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
The Pope is getting higher.
The Pope is getting higher.
The Pope is getting higher.
The Pope is getting higher.
The Pope's bounce dope.
God gave him the grace.
The Pope's bounce dope.
He likes to smoke in masses.
The Pope smokes dope.
He's a grumpy head there.
The Pope smokes dope.
The Pope smokes dope.
R ns
Is
20th of this afternoon Phil Henry picks up where he left on yesterday with that great interview
I think a Ron Diaz is gonna be on today not
This is your pussy station. It's 148 at WI-O-D
16 WI-O-D
Use only is directed. Hey Neil.
Fuck you
Kids you say hang out at the beach and sing about it, but beach boys are a thing in the past now
Case mail records gives you the chance to meet the new generation the mall boy
Grab your woody and hang with the mall boys
Grab my cheese now. I think I could eat a cow
Come on hit the food or with me
The mall boys are they aimless youth cast a drift on the barren beach of life?
Or are they just waiting for their parents to pick them up in the beamer?
The mall boys they're not a lost generation because you can always find them after mall
I'll buy the inforello
And the mall
Love one
Love a two
153 at WI-O-D where we always level with the audience not
Here's Johnny dark with the exclusive on the new coast format and the day that the announcement of the day that her
Eminem and Queen are returning to do mornings on the coast and
Read those liner cards which ought to be right within the limits of their abilities
Sure put that David case warts and his she was wouldn't boys. He had talent just ask him
Here's the wilton manners. Hello, they're Neil. Yes, sir. How you know great good talking about freebies, huh? Yeah
Why is everybody want freebies because they're that's their nature. They're in Florida, man
They came here to snore. It's absolutely disgusting. It's grotesque
I'm a restaurant business. It's absolutely ideal
See they think that when they come here, they're entitled to get everything for free
They're entitled to open up their bag and shove everything in there
And you know, I've been talking about this for 12 years now
That's all they know is just to take take take take grab grab grab squeeze squeeze and that's it
And then it squeeze all you guys out of business. Oh, yeah, and then they get mad at us. It's our fault. Right
Yeah, it's they're entitled. They paid their dues now
They're entitled to whatever the hell they want for free in other words to be a thief is what the word is that's true
It's a deal. Yes. I say round the rass up and put him in jail. Let's have an old farts prisoners. What I say there you go
Right, did you see in the sunset knows horse page?
About the on Sanders. No, he's your man. I thought yeah, right with that ice hat he has on me on Sanders
What the hell page I got a right here in the circular file
Deon Sanders as I see the Gulf Stream. I see Steve Young. I see Dave Joseph and black and white can't they afford to get a color picture of Dave Joseph
That's pathetic. Yeah, they see all the guys in you and have their hats on now. Where where are you looking? It's under sunset
I forget with page I saw this morning. Oh
My god, what is that? Yeah, do you believe it? What is that is that a meeting of the black Panthers?
What is that? That's the on Sanders with Eric Davis and Merton Hanks. Oh
My god, the 49ers. It's just unbelievable. I don't believe it. We'll talk about the boys with the hood and then they wear it all you went now
Yeah, I saw that. Yeah, they were all you know, they against the douchebags. That was nice. I hope they rip off every piece of silverware every piece of sweet and low
That was very very nice. Do you like that? Do you hear that last little shoddy through in there?
Something about he's looking to get a cruise on a jungle queen something like that. What an asshole you are, sir
You're an idiot. You're a moron
Call up Phil and try to say that and see how long you're on the year. I bet you're not more than a half an hour
So anyway, Ron D. Asseld beyond to refute all the allies that Ron Bennington told yesterday in a Phil Henry show
I thought Ronnie really sounded bummed out yesterday
I think it was probably exaggerating a little bit
It's probably in sometime in fact if you saw the picture of him in the paper with that Stogie in his purse unless it's a very old picture
He looks to me like he hasn't missed too many meals recently is the way I would put it
In fact probably the best thing that could happen around a B would be to be you know down and off for a few months and maybe like
Say put 20 years on his life get down to about 300 pounds and be a good start
But they really they really just this audience. I'm telling you today
I thought yesterday and just listening to that that was an education
But in listening to the audiences be sponsored today on this show
This has been even a greater education because I think the overwhelming majority of these full of these people
They just they all agree that Ronnie sounded really depressing and demeaned himself
Yes, they feel probably had been better off to just cut him right off
But you know Phil he's got a soft spot and a bold spot. Here's Miami. Hello
What is it brain? Brain stem Shula
That was definitely both camp remain if I ever heard a guy blowing it through a strainer that was him
Here's a Palm Beach. Hello
I need yes, I'm your biggest man David from Montreal. How you doing David?
This is chronic David from Montreal, eh?
But I'm really disappointed about what?
When I heard you talking to that girl about Toronto when I found out he wasn't a girl
It was a woman. It was not a girl. It was like an adult like a lady
She must have been like a hundred years old. Oh now she's an older first
She was a girl. She just aged rapidly since you started opening up your big post now
See you're gonna you're gonna dig a grave for yourself right here. I'll just let you keep shoveling
Okay, well here's where I'll tell you the first thing I do when I get to Florida
I'm gonna come to Palm Beach five or six times a year they turn on WIOD. Yeah, and I love you
Show and I listen to you all the time. Yeah, the second thing I do is I put the car in reverse
So I can keep up with this real fast moving I 95 traffic. Yeah
South Florida and the only thing slower than people who drive in Florida
That's Floridian is people who drive in Toronto. I've noticed a marked similarity. Yeah
Yeah, what is that what does that mean? Well it means that people who say that people in Montreal drive slowly
Have never been to Montreal. I've been in Toronto and I got news for I didn't see anybody driving slow
They all drove like like people have you come to Montreal?
You guy have never been to Montreal. I would if you if you paid me a thousand dollars an hour
I wouldn't come to Montreal
Give me a brain. Let me ask you something. How far did the Canadians get into playoffs the last two seasons were they in the final four either year?
Well the Canadians have their ups and downs
You know, they see that you're in the day when you're not answering you're not answering my question
Let's talk recent history didn't the Maple Leafs get in the final four
They're the only team in the NHL. I got in the final four the semi two years in a row the only one
There you go Lisa on the way back Canadians that Patrick raw he's just a shadow of his former self
And that jock dimmer
You know if there ever was a constipated Frenchman it's jock dimmer
Is my right he looks like he has that a good VM in 20 years, huh?
Canadians do have a few problems. They have a few and the expo's had lots of problems the sex pose had several and
Not to mention Gary Carter, but I never said that we were great. I just said that
First of all, I don't understand. Are you French David? No, no, no
What are you talking about? It's like you're having an argument with yourself
It's not bad enough that you separatist Quebecers a you want to like separate from the rest of the country
But now the English now you're now the English speaking guys are like siden with the frogs
Why don't you learn what side your thing is buttered on David? No, we love the don't don't line up with those frogs
Man, there are brutal pill to swallow
We don't have and they're on circumcised too, David
What is it? We're saying we see them all the time, but we have no interest in separating right?
It's like your super cousins or uncles that you see all the time and you put up with them
But you don't have to you know love them and agree with them. There you go. Whatever you said David
Hallelujah one in the last 10 seconds. Yes
In closing eight when we were six pages. We used to grow up listening to story ran also on WKB W to all that explains it
Not okay. I rest my case folks
The only radio station that doesn't suck
News talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D my Emmy for Glotterdale
