New's Talking Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD presents The Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD in date, 524 WIOD in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free, 1-800-944-WIOD, and cellular one customers can
call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a New's Talking Entertainment Radio, 610 WIOD.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Today's fast-paced world holds its share of headache.
Hey, there's a thumbprint on this report.
Do it again.
Yes, sir.
Got a problem?
No, sir.
And under some pressure, huh?
Yeah, I feel like my head's going to explode and aspirin doesn't do anything.
Oh, here, take some 5U Profe.
I have your Profe.
Well, I'll try anything.
Oh, and dirty rotten stuff.
I pulled up.
Don't think he's talking to.
I gotta make that little...do his own...report.
Feel better?
Yeah, what's the inner of your Profe?
Well, nothing we can admit to you on the radio except our secret ingredients, screw them
all.
Which eliminates any inhibitions you might have about saying what's on your mind.
Oh, here comes your boss.
Look, I want this report done, even if you have to work through your lunch hour, okay?
Listen, numb nuts.
Why don't you get off your...and do some work around here?
Well, I see you take ibuprofe.
Yeah.
And I take it too.
You lazy piece of...
Oh, nice gentle...the cop here.
I do Profe.
You only use fucking derailleur.
Okay, FN A, man.
It's 10-07 at W-I-D.
Is everybody happy?
Is everybody happy?
Yes!
God, they're a little slow on it today, but once they get it out, that's what Aaron said.
Aaron Summers starts Monday night, eight to midnight, the one with a great ass.
And Steve Dick a lot of no, because it takes one.
So anyway, we got 87,403 for center one, and we got all kinds of stuff coming up.
Tuesday, we're going to be at Pizza Troll from five to nine, loft, Troll.
Oh, and guess what, George?
We have lunch coming today.
You don't even know about it.
Yes, I do, I heard.
Oh, and lunch yesterday, man.
That place is about to be three.
I've never had any food there ever.
Well, Jason gave him the number and the contact.
If George's daughter is girlfriend down the street has got a headache, then the least
that you can do is feed me.
I said, okay, what do you want?
He had, oh no.
So I said, how about that great antica pri across the street, right?
Were all the other 85 restaurants that go out of business?
And the only sad part of it is I don't that we're going to be able to do anything for them.
It's a really great, I mean, the food, I don't know about inside, I haven't been in
there, but I mean, as far as the food, everybody in North Bay Village ought to be on their hands
and knees crawling over there right now for lunch.
It is tremendous.
We had rigatoni, ala, antica pri, anticoist tremendous and stuffed mushrooms and delicious
soups and it was great.
And today we got rigatonis is bringing.
Now, did you get to put your order in with the trouser trauma or not?
I just said, bring more of the same hilly heats, anything.
That's what Crystal said.
And now that we're paying 32 cents for a stamp, take a look at this.
Take a look at these two.
Rick is still in the clean up his crap.
Clean up your act.
Look at this.
Look at the addresses.
North West 39th place in sunrise.
I don't live anywhere near that.
Here's one, Northwest 31st place in sunrise.
I get mail now that's for people like aren't even in the same city, not even the same anywhere.
Like a couple of miles away, maybe, same zip code or at least part of the same zip code.
For 32 cents a stamp, we're getting this tremendous service now.
Then I'm out there getting my mail before I had a chance to look at it and see that most
of it was for other people I never heard of and who will never probably get this.
I wonder if there's anything good in there because it says forwarding an address correction
requested.
And I felt it's not a credit card.
I always feel to see if there's like plastic in there because then that's a good deal.
But yeah, what's wrong with that?
But a lot of times when it says forwarding address correction requested, it's a check.
Couldn't it be?
Should I open them?
Would you open them?
It was in my mailbox, right?
It's my here, take these granny glasses and get them out of here and stick them up somebody's
butt.
Give the old dick a little tickle.
But anyway, let's have a great weekend and come back, please.
So what do we got in here?
It's a, oh, these are bills.
Oh, from a credit agency, statement of account.
I'm doing these people in ice favor today.
Look at that.
Previous statement.
This is overdue, baby.
Passed to 135, 66.
George will take care of this.
Huh?
Why don't we just take care of this for these people and never even know what happened?
They'll think Santa came a little bit late.
Santa ever come late?
Squirt, squirt.
Well, better late than ever.
So in other words, I guess the other one also is probably overdue.
Just because it's got somebody else's name on it, if it's in your box, it's your property,
at least as long as it's in your box.
Let's see.
This one.
Oh, look at this.
Now what is this deal?
This one.
Oh, this is not a, oh yeah.
Here's one.
Another deadbeat.
$246 past due.
Past due.
Past due.
I should read their names on here.
Should I?
And really embarrass the crap out of these people.
But I'm not going to do that.
I'm just tossing the crap in a waste basket.
So there you go again.
There's the postal service at work.
I just, I don't want you to feel bad.
We're just into the new year.
But they just goost us.
And then my neighbor, my new neighbor across the street, she was walking her dog
through the day when I went out there to get the mail.
And she's telling me that her birthday was a few days ago.
Her mother every year on her birthday for many years now sends a record with a $50 bill
in it.
Well guess what?
She gets the envelope late, by the way.
She gets the envelope and it's been ripped on the edges and the $50 bill, guess what?
It's out.
Well obviously her mom is finally wise up.
That's always a good scam.
Say, you mean that 50 wasn't in there?
When you send it, you just kind of like rip it along the edges yourself and you make it
look like it fell out.
No, seriously.
So in other words, the postal carrier is even though we're now paying the extra $30 to
a $0.3.
So it's, you know, so they can make all that big bucks or whatever it is they're making.
They still can't make enough money that they aren't going to steal crap.
So shame on you.
Where is our sunshine when we need a man?
Wrong addresses.
And there was a thing on the paper yesterday about in Europe, they get mail twice a day.
Now I hate to break the news to you because I am an old fart.
I can remember when we used to get mail twice a day.
There used to be a morning delivery about 10 in the morning and then about the two, three
in the afternoon, guess what?
Another delivery.
Two deliveries on the same day.
Now the one delivery, you're lucky if by $5.530 it shows up at all.
Pretty soon you're going to have to get up in the middle of the night and go out and say,
I'm going to go check see if the mail's here yet because they're busy.
And if you like in Paris, it said in this article yesterday, you mail it in the morning
and that same afternoon very often, more often than not.
The same afternoon it's delivered.
Now that's not, we're not talking about Paris and Turkey.
We're talking about a city of millions of people and yet somehow they can do it.
Parle v. crappy.
Huh?
Pretty crappy if you ask me.
And I know we have a lot of postal workers who listen to this show, including my friend
who used to be my mail.
I don't know what ever happened to him.
Who was getting ready to turn the show off a couple of years ago and made a point of
coming to my door.
Rick, did you turn it off yet or what?
Yeah, we were ready to turn it off.
It was getting kind of pondry.
We were getting, we were had our finger on it.
Yeah, I bet.
A lot of those postal workers have their fingers on it.
Believe me.
Trust me when I tell you.
But you know, it's not, don't take it personally, even though it's intended that way, but it's
just one of these things that we're getting really parked off about the crappy service and
constantly increasing rates.
But I'm sure that newt will take care of it.
Okay?
They're straightening everything out by Monday.
Every problem in America will be solved by the fascist pigs because we'll all probably
be locked up somewhere.
So let's see.
We got pizza loft on the fifth on the, whatever the date is this Tuesday, the 10th, 5 to 9
p.m.
I'll be there.
We'll have all of our stuff.
I bet your rush shows up and he probably is dating Jose that night.
And then on the 14th, we're all going to be a Phil and Rick and Suds and I at Peaches.
And I'll be with Phil at Peaches Music and Video on Sunrise Boulevard Fort Lauderdale.
That's the original Peaches.
We'll have all our CDs, cassettes and t-shirts.
One to 3 p.m.
On the 14th.
And on that same day at the Fountains on South University driving plantation, Rick and
Suds will be doing everything one to three.
And then on the 21st of this month at the Coral Square Mall in Coral Springs, I'll be
doing my thing up there.
And Rick and Suds will be at Cutler Ridge Mall.
Now, well, it says time and mall location to be denounced.
Still, we haven't decided yet.
And like I said, Rick and Suds will be at Cutler Ridge Mall on the 21st and Phil will be
at the Miami International Mall speaking a variety of tongues as usual.
So that we still have a way to go.
I want to tell you one thing right now.
By Monday, when I come in here Monday morning and the Queen Bee gets up on a chair and puts
the new grease mark up on it board, I want it over 90,000.
I'll tell you that right now.
So a lot of these foot draggers who haven't been out to Peaches yet or called that toll-free
number and don't need to dime one yet or got any CD or cassette or any other guy did,
let's do it this weekend, okay?
Let's do it this weekend and cut the crap.
This is a real embarrassing thing that we don't have like two, three hundred thousand dollars
in there, even if we're raising it for like for me.
For whatever the hell it is, let's get with it.
Anyway, 10 or 4 and of course we got the big games this weekend.
Everybody's in Georgia's like hyperventilating about the big games.
Also we're hyperventilating about that great new schedule.
Now you do know the new schedule from Monday, don't you?
Huh?
For like nights and overnight and neither does anybody else.
See you must have a real psychotic day yesterday.
You picked a good day not to be here.
Although any day, but seriously you picked a real good, a psychotic day which during the
break I'll tell you a great story.
But anyway, yeah, so like I've been saying that we had a new show after Aaron Summer,
she starts Monday of course, eight to midnight with the phone sex.
And then from midnight to two, we were going to have a new show.
That's what I was told by our eye darting program director.
You ever see guys whose eyes dart around like a ferret real nervously?
But anyway, that's what he told me, Steve Dickily said that we were going to have like
a new show midnight to do and they were shoving what's their name, Don and Dick at two to
five in the morning.
They were shoving Dick and Don.
And now I find out that the new show from midnight to two ain't going to happen, but I don't
know what's going to happen.
I believe Don and Micah moving back to midnight to three and the best of Neil, there's still
milk and ease tapes from three to, I don't know.
But I guess we'll all have to listen Monday night and find out together.
1016 at WIOD.
WIOD.
Three mature modulation.
Well, all right.
Sports fans.
You from Disney.
It's the enchanting story.
The story of a vicious Chicago gangster and his cartoon gavers.
It's the heartwarming Al Cabone.
I hold, I hold, let's make the legal goal.
Run prostitution numbers to I hold.
Yes, it's Al Cabone on an incredible ride through the criminal underworld with his singing
Tommy gun.
I'm going on a hit.
Gonna shoot some dumbed wits.
Al Cabone.
It's the whole story from those wild bootlegging days to his conviction for income tax evasion.
Looks like I'm guilty.
Dissing my day.
Looks like scoffies are going away.
And the whole family will shed a tear as Al rots in his sing-sing cells.
Someday parole will come even though I am low life scum.
Al Cabone from Walt Disney.
And coming soon a real family favorite.
Manson.
Yeah, it's going to be a blast.
Neon God.
By the way, when Aaron Summer starts with passion phones on Monday night from 8 to midnight,
Jocelyn Elders was inquiring along with many others.
Mastervation will be discussed, but will not be permitted during those hours between 8
midnight.
Just wanted you to know that ahead of time.
So we got the big games tomorrow.
These Steelers will beat the crap out of the Browns tomorrow.
I hate to break the news to you on that because a lot of people are hoping the Browns win because
then if the dolphins went on Sunday, the game will be here and then my tickets will have
some value.
But I'm afraid that these Steelers will mop up the field.
They're a three-revers with the Browns and Vity Testive or E tomorrow.
That's just my I don't make predictions, but that's my prediction that the Browns will
kick the ass.
Speaking of football, by the way, and of course on Sunday will have like 85 hours of pre-game
for play.
The bad news is of course, and I don't want to dwell on this, even though I have people
I know who keep insisting, oh, no matter what they say, there will be a season.
The board of governors rhymes with manure, our meeting tomorrow morning, the National
Hockey League, and I think at that point it will be audio's, their regost because they're
rejecting the players' unions latest proposal and they're unhappy and they say, put to you
and it sits over.
Anyway, there's a survey.
Now what is this from?
This is from somewhere.
We always get this stuff.
It's from some damn business journal, some Florida business journal.
Study says dolphin fans just so so.
Denver has the best fans.
LA Raiders have the worst.
It says, forget last Saturday, sell out at Joe Robbie Stadium.
Miami, dolphin fans are just lukewarm and it comes to supporting their team.
Not me.
Not me.
That's the, in fact, I heard Phil say the other day and I think he's got a point.
If you lend tangible support, if you buy tickets, then you're a fan.
Even if you go and you don't want for the team to win, if you lend your, if you go out
and buy team paraphernalia, if you pay for parking, if you buy your own tickets like I
have for five years, then you're like supporting the team.
Even if you don't give a crap about them or you hit them like poison or if the coach is
just a brainstem.
It said the conclusion of a just completed an analization of attendance.
Dolphin fans ranked number 16.
Mighty low, I would say like way down here in the middle, submittal of the pack.
The index was compiled by South Florida business journal 3 research effort by its parent company
in Charlton, North Carolina, American city business, urinals.
The analization which gives extra points to fans who consistently showed up to watch losers
play year after year ranks.
The Denver Broncos is having the most loyal fans.
Denver was followed by four old NFL teams.
The Browns, the Giants, the Packers and the Eagles.
Oh yeah, you go to see the Eagles, you must be a serious fan.
The least the fickle fans were the Bears.
Attendance fluctuated only 6% between the best and most annual attendance between 85 and
94, excluding the 87 strike.
The most fickle fans, this I love, man, this I absolutely love.
I'll give you 28 guesses and the first 500 don't count.
Guess which team has the most fickle fans?
Buffalo blows and soda the bill.
Oh, Buffalo bills attendance fluctuated 52.1% during that same period of time.
And of course, all of us remember with great joy and vigor that last Buffalo home game
when he still had a chance to be in the playoffs by the way, but got their asses whipped
soundly.
It was a beautiful thing when he stands appeared to be very, very, very sparsely populated.
The winningest team and the coldest fans, Green Bay average, 10, 28 point.
Yes, see that's the thing.
The fans here got a good excuse because the weather is so cold here during these football
months.
That's probably a good reason why a lot of them stay away.
Or maybe they're just second-terred of all the mediocrity.
Maybe they're tired of Wayne.
Maybe they're tired of Shula.
Maybe they're just a bunch of front-running phonies, which is probably the truth.
And what's wrong with that?
Well, now what do you mean just listening?
What is that?
Hello?
Why do you have just listening on there in this line?
I didn't think we could be that cheesy.
What is it?
What is it?
I was just listening.
What do you mean you're just listening?
I have nothing to contribute.
I'm sorry, Neil.
But what do you mean you're just listening?
You're going to tie up the line all day to listen to the show?
No, I told them.
As soon as you didn't have any more room to just dump me.
Okay.
Well, at least he was cooperative with that and I just did.
I can't believe that.
I thought we actually had a couple of calls under when we have a couple, but nothing
to do exciting here because it's a very dead time right now.
Now I could tell you about a lot of things in this place, but you don't want to get depressed.
But that's another story for another day.
Is Old Mikey would say and look what they did for him.
Let's go to a lady in Miami.
Hello.
I'm a gentleman.
Neil.
Eh?
Yeah.
This is a tiny Hannah Ruby.
Listen to me.
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah.
Have you got a chance?
Oh, oh.
Hey, listen.
If you...
Ah!
Listen.
If you...
Ah!
Can't I talk to the guy who was just listening before?
Oh, yeah.
I really had a problem.
What do you want, Ruby?
Yes.
I like you to hear.
Listen.
I like you.
I like you to hear the Chris Baker show last night.
The Chris Baker show is...
You have to be careful.
When I see everybody say goodbye to him.
What is it?
Everybody say goodbye to him.
Why is he not going to be on tonight?
I thought tonight was his last show.
Yeah, last night was his last show.
What's up?
What's up?
What do you mean, please hear it?
Please hear the tape.
Why?
Because it's very funny.
If you get a chance...
If he was funny before last night, maybe he'd still have a show.
Oh, yeah.
But here was a very hilarious last night.
Ruby, don't you understand?
I have better things to do.
Like, pick my nose and listen to tapes of old shows on this radio station.
Don't you get that?
I'm sorry.
And see, the reason he's going off is because you were listening to his show.
Oh.
That's the reason he's not going to be here on the...
Well, um...
That's it.
Yes, but thank you very much, sir.
Thank you, Ruby.
Bye.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, okay.
Good call.
Best of the day so far.
The only one of the days so far.
So, how are we doing so far?
Pretty good.
Sounds pretty good to me.
Sounds like a real winner today.
By the way, I found a great new...
Not a new, but an old Luis Miguel song that I'd kind of like skipped over in the past that I'm going to play 45 times today.
Another obsession, a Luis Miguel obsession.
Speaking of that, by the way, Monday on the young and the horny, for those of you who have to wait all weekend to find out,
Monday on the young and the horny Nick goes over to see Sharon again.
After they had...
Today, you'll find that they kind of meet in school.
Well, they're not really in school, but they're like hanging out at school.
Because Sharon, unbeknownst to Nick, is going there like a...
Transfer.
She wants out.
She's going to go somewhere and maybe even have a baby.
But anyway, so she's there, and of course he's there, because he's going to go off to college.
He's going to graduate early.
And they just run into each other and he embraces her and they give each other a big, big kiss.
A lot of tongue.
And that's...
That's...
You're going to see that today.
But on Monday, goes over to her house.
And she goes into a big song and a dance about...
Well, she can't go anywhere with him and she doesn't want to go out with him.
And by babani's getting McSignals and he's getting bent out of shape.
And you know...
So she just storms out and he...
Slams the door like pretending that he left and then he comes back in.
And she's bursted into tears and she comes back into that little...
Whatever that cubicle that's supposed to be their apartment.
And she's got the mascaras running and she's been squirting more than Jack all over the face.
And he looks at her like, oh my god.
Well, I guess now the Chris Baker is not here anymore.
Can we play that like four or five hundred times today?
And where the hell is that?
You know, is there some special reason why we have this thing where...
Because everybody steals everybody's stuff anyway.
Why do we have to have two separate things?
Oh my god.
There you go.
But not only once.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Okay, there you go. Now I feel better. I feel more at home like Chris is still here.
So what have we got on tonight?
The Chris Baker's last show was last night.
Oh, and don't tell me Steve Patterson, please.
Don't say those two disgusting, grotesque, unmentionable words.
Steve Patterson.
I couldn't handle it.
Here's Davey. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
Listen, I got a little story for you about Alan Dresner.
Oh, it's the Alan Dresner show. I forgot about that.
What is this?
Yeah, it's written yesterday and I heard about it.
Everybody in this audience knows Alan Dresner.
They can't find him, but everybody knows him.
This isn't a good story.
What are you going to rip him?
What is this going to be some kind of a slanderous thing now?
Yes, it is.
Well, we're not going to put that on here. Get out of here.
Yes, it is.
Call it up to...
Nobody in this audience knows Alan Dresner from Alan Sherman.
Okay, and he's dead.
Let's get some people out here and put a little bit of meat on the table here today.
Let's sink our teeth into the reality of the world.
What about these abortion clinics?
What about the Warren Bosnia?
What about the God-day and Republican Congress?
What about Newt Kingrich's mother?
Do you know Tom Snyder was starting that late, late, late, late, late, late show Monday night after Letterman?
And guess who his first guest is going to be?
You're going to puke when he hears this.
I'll give you 85 guesses and I just told you.
Newt?
Newt Kingrich's mother.
She's hot.
Bitch.
I mean, what you talk about just neurotic repetition?
Who the hell wants to see Newt Kingrich's mother at two o'clock in a God-day morning?
Why not have Christie Brinkley on there at two o'clock in the morning?
How about David Brinkley at two in the morning?
If he can keep that one eye open long enough?
Who the hell wants to see God-day and fascist pig, fat face, hypocritical Newt Kingrich's mother,
at two o'clock in the morning?
That Tom Snyder, man, what a sense of humor he's got.
Oh, what a sense of humor.
The Santa Claus of late night television.
Kind of a sour push, too, you know, when you come right down to it.
1029 at WIOD.
When the dolphins arrive in San Diego Friday,
we'll be there waiting for the whole live from the Gas Lamp District.
Devo and Volkambra are 610 WIOD.
And that's just part of Friday's lineup.
While Sports Talk 16 is live from San Diego,
we'll also be live at Shulas All-Star Cafe in Miami Lakes with former dolphin Jim Kick.
Hey, it's a big game weekend.
So we're thinking big.
Jim Kick live at Shulas.
Looked up with Devo and Volkambra live in San Diego.
Friday night at 6 on News Talk and Entertainment Radio.
610 WIOD.
Where the seven words you can't say on radio are down to two.
Suck it in and hold it.
Tommy Lee Jones turned critics heads as Ty Cobb.
But his history forgotten Cobb's outcast cousin,
the funniest baseball player of all time.
Bob Hope stars as Corn Cobb.
Seven vending stretch.
Hold on as this baseball and aerobics class.
Corn Cobb.
A man who knew more about punchlines than Baselok.
Don't let coach ask me why I hit that foul pop up.
And I told him because I couldn't fit the chicken in their toaster.
Corn Cobb.
It's the Zigg field of dreams.
Sacrifice.
Hey, I gave it to you off.
And the day Baselok said goodbye to Corn Cobb is a day no one will ever forget.
Today I consider myself the funniest man in Baselok.
Corn Cobb.
Rated R for...
Orlando, do you hear that?
That was definitely his tongue.
I can smell that anywhere.
1032 at WIDA.
I do want to say this.
I have renewed respect this morning for old number 88.
I know that he has his moments.
We get a little upset when he gets a little bit too carried away.
Although he is Mr. Adolphin broadcast.
Make no mistake about that.
But last night I'm catching a little bit of his sports talk show.
And sure enough, here is a man whose all of a sudden I guess maybe he lost him for a while.
I'm sure he was losing all those football games.
But he must have found that old big pair that he was so famous for.
Wasn't he famous for a big well-emidium pair?
And had him sewn back on a La John Bobbitt style.
Because last night he was going on about the Give as Turkey's on U of M.
And what a bunch of assholes they are in their behavior is totally unacceptable.
It's got no place on a football field.
And of course the front running Cain's fan.
Well, that's just a Cain's.
That's their way.
And he's just really ripping him and ass.
Adaboy, my dog.
Yes!
Yes!
Here is a man who's not afraid.
See, you know, you can come on here and kiss up to what you think is going to be the popular thing to say.
Which there are a lot of people on here who do that by the way, who just are professional ass suckers.
And oh yeah, they're the greatest and whatever they think the majority of the people out there want you to say.
Make you very popular.
You see, if you don't have some people pissed off then you're not doing anything worthwhile.
I guarantee you that right now.
If everybody agrees, if everybody loves you then you're doing nothing right.
Now here she is, somebody who nobody thinks she's doing anything right and she's proud of it.
Especially Bob Green thinks she couldn't do anything right and she's delighted with that because just aggravating him is what she lives for.
And I'll give her several high marks for that.
Let's see how high she can stand on the old chair.
I'm not going to be happy with what?
The new total?
Well, it was 87,403.
What is it?
405?
Well, what is this include?
Today's peaches?
I understand that.
What do you mean I'm not going to be happy?
I'm not expecting much.
You mean from Capture Glory?
Tell him to leave us alone already.
He's a great guy but he is so neurotic for Christ's Exy out of work here.
It is very messy in here.
That's because Rick just left.
87,485 is our total.
That's okay by Monday we'll have 90 grand.
When you call over at peaches, when you call Joe, I guarantee we'll have 90 grand.
Joe is the best.
He knows his crap.
We love you Joe.
Over at peaches.
We love you.
Even though you're a little surly at times you're a hell of a guy.
So anyway, that's not too bad.
We'll have 90 by the weekend and then we got all these other big events going.
We're going to get to 100 if we have to get the last 10 from Wayne Heisenga himself.
We're going to get to 100 grand.
We'll all know why.
Here's sunrise on a purple line.
Hello?
Howdy.
Howdy.
Partner?
I was kind of wanted to comment on that postal thing.
The same problem has happened in our location and I called and complained about it.
They told me that they have installed some new, they're testing a new automated system that sorts the mail.
Oh, it's working great.
Yeah, and then puts it into trades for them.
And now the guys who, you know, these postal guys used to start their own mail and then take it out.
Well now the trades have come to them.
They leave an hour later.
That's why we're getting our mail much later.
And so they're not sorting and the machine is screwing up bad.
It's, you know, it's up in the open parts.
It was what they told me.
Well, that's great.
That means that we spend the extra three cents on every letter, which is millions and millions and millions of dollars,
so they can buy these new machines to screw up everybody's mail and you can get everybody else's bills.
That's great.
Yeah.
And then of course what you have to wonder is who's getting your mail.
You know what I'm saying?
In other words, if I'm getting all these other people's mail that aren't even living my area, who's getting my bills?
Well one day, and then probably in about a week, I'll be getting letters anyway.
And your pass, dude, those letters always show up.
Your pass, dude, how come we didn't get your check yet?
What it was, it was worth it.
That's what it was worth.
One day I found about six envelopes that belong to me on the ground down the block.
Yeah.
Now that must not have been a myth or, or maybe it was, but it had about $4,000 of, you know, receipt checks.
Oh nice.
They were coming to us.
You just wonder now where are they going to rent to the county when the machine's starting.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, just point of interest.
Well we'll keep our fly on it for next couple of weeks and see what a great job they're doing for you.
And you notice how it's simultaneous with the rate increase too.
And then I'm talking about that.
Just like sticking it right in there and twisting it a little bit.
And when you call, they just leave the, they just, you know, if you want to get in and, you know, and complain about it.
And they haven't tried to do something about it.
They just leave the phone off the hook so they can't get through.
Yeah, they're busy on a break right now.
I'm not a bride.
Don't be bothering them.
Have a great day, pal.
See ya.
I say, uh, federal express is always a good way to go.
Yeah, no, seriously, if you have anything important, they're great.
FedEx, that's the only way to fly.
I tell you that right now, the mail service blows.
Why don't we open up our own goddamn mail service?
Huh?
That sure is how beats being here with these people.
1037 at WIOD or Nickel and Dimes station.
Pressed by the host, Guest or Callers on WIOD.
You're not necessarily those of this station or its sponsors.
All WIOD programs are copyrighted 1995 by WIOD Incorporated
and may not be recorded or distributed without prior rippin consent.
Dasnick, everything is so big.
I like it.
I like it.
Me too.
1040 at WIOD.
Happy Friday to it's gonna be a big, big football field weekend.
And probably a lot of the women out there, the, uh, the couch potatoes are out there watching their football
and the women are getting really pissed off.
Although it seemed to me, this would give them a lot of time to go out and screw around on the side.
Sure does.
And go to them all with their, uh, you know, other, uh, with their lady friends and boyfriends and, uh, whoever else they're hanging out with.
And leave hubby sitting there with his 25, six packs and, uh, watching a ball game.
That's where it's, uh, that's what it's all about.
Sure is what?
Freeze up a lot of women this time of year.
Does it?
Oh, that's where you were yesterday, huh?
So how's your daughter's girlfriend down the street that had the head cold?
It's my daughter.
Your daughter, what? Is she very sick?
She's very sick.
What do you mean, very sick?
My wife was afraid that my husband and men and gideists,
what is just a fireman and gideists?
No, it's not.
But that's what my wife was afraid that she had.
In other words, she thought it was something very deadly serious, but it's not.
It's not.
A lot of it's not.
Like I said, it could have been bad, but it's not.
Let's do Pemberpines.
What happened to Pemberpines?
It was just about to punch up Pemberpines and they're going, you know, if you people are in a hurry today, I don't have time for you, okay?
I don't have time to do a dittle around with people who are in a, too big of a hurry for me.
We have two open lines that we have nothing here is basically what we got.
Two open lines in days, 751, two and Broward, 524 and a green line, 1-800.
We got three stick and calls on the board.
It's 10-40 in the morning here already.
Because we're not giving away anymore of those CDs that you locked away and let's keep them there wherever you locked them until at least Monday.
Oh my God, I'm sitting in here these people on Rick's show this morning.
Oh, are you still giving away washer and dryer?
Are you still giving away wheels of world of, oh, go away.
Oh my God, you would think that we were giving away something that was worth something for crying out loud.
And let me say it again, if by some miracle and it would take that, if Pittsburgh loses to the Browns tomorrow and the dolphins beat San Diego,
which I think they got a pretty good shot at that on Sunday, if both of those things happen in the AFC Championship game is here next week,
I still have in a very special spot those 250 yard line seats.
And by the way, the schoolteach, you ain't getting them, by the way.
Can you believe that? There's a message here for me to call the schoolteach, the one that she and her father sit next to me at the games when I used to go.
And I know what it's about because I already heard from the fat man from Mr. Yanta that Jeff moved her seats and they've been shuttled over to another side.
Hey, that's your problem, honey. I like you. You and your dad, you're okay. You're nice. You reformed. You've a butched up a little bit.
A nice Jewish family there or whatever they are. But hey, I got enough problems in my own. I can't worry that I'm sure that's what she wants.
Is to give me a go on a year and start screaming in the oven. I can't fight everybody else battles for me.
And I'm talking about because I'd be niggled and pennied and snorted to death in this joint. Here's a mobile in Boka. Hello.
Good morning. Yes, sir. That last caller made the comment of a fabulous service. We're not getting from the postal service.
They suck. You tell me about it. He also mentioned Oakland Park Boulevard. I give you a name in there. Joe and Leoni.
I went around around a lot about the man. It wasn't being delivered to my place. You went round and round with Joanne. Leoni.
Yeah, I told her flat out. There's two reasons why I'm talking about. Sounds Italian to me. Don't mess with those Italians. You better watch it.
All one myself. Well, you know what I'm talking about. I thought I said there's two reasons I'm moving out of the Lord or Hill.
Yeah, and the lousy service I'm getting here. All right. The top of the list. All right. I live up Margate now.
And I tell you my man was on time. It's perfect. I'm moving to Margate. In fact, I bet you in Margate,
they probably don't have all the repressive ordinances like we do in the acres where every time you fart, you got to get a permit.
Well, if they do, they haven't made me aware of it yet. There you go. I say let's start promoting Margate a great place to live.
Yeah, where the median age is 200. They don't bother me. They shuffle along. And I do my thing.
There's something to be said for that. Then of course in the supermarket, you just run him over with your shopping cart.
You just do it. I'll be there this afternoon. Do I pick up that excellent? Have you stopped a great one? Good move, pal. Thanks.
There's a smart man. He got there a lot of water. Hill and he moved to Margate. No way to run, no way to hide.
That's what Martha and the Van Della said. And then a bunch of other people who covered that song.
Anyway, I'm sure that there are a lot of people who think that I'm going to discuss this story about the Pizzeria, which I know is Gary Stein.
You know, you people are so predictable at the newspapers here, especially Gary Stein and at Ray Wrecked Wrecked.
You know, such parochial yokels. Can't we just pretend to be like a city, which we're not, but wouldn't it be nice if we like lived in what we could call a city?
A little bit a little more maturity, a little bit more instead of the scrap. Oh, they're picking on us. It's only the perception of all these bodies lying here.
Always the same old crap. And now there's this story about the Pizzeria, big Louise speaking of Italian, big Louise.
And here's another big article. Seems big cheese took on Pizzeria, badty, oddty, oddty about Doug Danzig and about its event data.
And they're like trying to bust down his Pizzeria, big Louise because there are a lot and too many people in there.
And the ordinance says there were only like 22 people in there and they got too many people in there. And they say that they were concerned about the safety, which you know is a bunch of crap and it's event data.
And the whole thing boils down to guess whose Pizzeria it is, George. I'll give you 685,000 guesses.
Wayne? No. Bill Lirio. Now do you think I'm going to go on the, yeah, right? It's got his hand over his push. I would too.
That was the local section, the local section of the Sun Central right there. You know, Bill Lirio, I'm so sick and tired all this crap just everybody's out to get him at big Louise.
Best of you all in the city. Oh, I'm sorry. That was Louise in the Bronx. Well, maybe there's a connection between big Louise and Louise in the Bronx.
And right away, Gary Stein. Of course, it is a dead time. There's nothing else going on. I mean, we just got the, you know, the Super Bowl coming up in a couple of weeks right here in town.
Got millions of things going on here. He's right about stupid pizza crap again. By the way, speaking of pizza, what times are lunch coming? Do we know from a trouser troutman?
We don't know what time it's coming. Here's the lady in Carroll City. Hello. Hi, happy New Year. Happy New Year.
I'm talking about pizza. Do you remember Alvis? Do you remember what? Alvis. What the hell is that? Alvis, pizza, rhea, and pepper pines. No. No, you used to be a customer of ours. No. Well, you mean across the street from where are you still living? Right.
And you're, are you still there? Yeah, we're still there. We're still going strong. Great. That's like by publics. Yeah, right. Your name came up the other day.
I was talking to my former boss and we were talking about Henry. And he just discovered Phil Henry's program and what a good show. And he enjoyed it. And I said, oh, I listened to him and Neil Rogers every day. He said, Oh, Neil Rogers. He used to be a former customer of ours when he lived across the street.
You bet. And he told me about how he said, I never saw him. He said, my customers start coming in and telling me they heard about me on the radio. That's right. And he said, one day Neil came in to pick up an order.
And I thanked him a lot for the free publicity. He said, and I had a hell of a time taking up his check. He said, he wouldn't even let me buy a pizza after all the free publicity. That's right. I don't like being a free loader. It's embarrassing. Makes you feel slimy. I know.
But he went on and on and on. And we're just good customers. I mean, good. Yeah, they have good pizza. I'm sure they still do as right across from our used to live in Villa's Lake. They're on tap street. Non-taft and hiatus.
Right. We're still the same place. Yeah, still the same good food. Anyway, stop picking on a post office. My son works for the post office.
I didn't say your son's a bad guy, although he might be. I don't know. But I'm just saying the post office blows. He just worked seven days a week, 12 hours a day to get your mail out. Now you're picking on him.
Don't you remember? Don't you remember? Because you got to be his old as I am or pretty close to your older nine. Then don't you remember when we used to get mail delivered twice a day?
And the mail man walked. He took. He got there. I was right. I forgot about that. We didn't have mail boxes out by the road. He used to walk right up to your house.
This is back home in Pennsylvania. He didn't have one of those little scooters to ride around in one of those little mail cards. He used to walk. He used to slip that big thing on his back. He used to come twice a day.
Yeah, for three cents he used to come twice a day. He was shining a bunch of guys like that. Even Lisa was she knew guys like that who would come twice for three cents a day.
Both were the days. Eight cents for the bus. You can't live in the past. You can't turn it back. Although I think now that we have this new deal in Washington, they're going to turn the clock back about 200 years.
Oh, yeah, all the kids are going to go to the orphanage. That's right. And we're all going to go to camp and it'll be for free. And you have a great weekend. Okay, you too. Bye bye. Go Dolphin.
Okay, go dolphins. Right. Let's go. Fins man. Where's that thing? Come on. Let's get out of bad wagon here. Let's really build up the dolphins here and pretend that I'm a big B.
That's enough. That's enough. Too much. Anyway, it's 1049. And let's take your call from a lady and Miami Lakes on the purple line. Hello.
Hi, my name is. Great. Listen to some gossip about the new blockbuster, Miami Lakes. Yes. By the way, before you do that, there's a blockbuster right by the sawgrass now that they built.
They kind of like sneaked it in there by the by the by the. No, by the gas station. There's an ex on station or share a share of our station.
They sneak there like in behind there between right in front of the sawgrass mills mall and the sunrise boulevard. They kind of like sneaked it in like in the middle of the night. One day it wasn't there the next morning. I'm driving a work and there's a blockbuster blockbuster music. What? Anyway, you were saying.
The type of spillage video store there. They took blockbuster and the gram companies to court. Yeah, he's got a hundred thousand dollars in escrow and he got a reprieve. He's going to be able to stay there for six more months. Yeah, the blockbuster says while he's there, they're not paying rent to the gram companies.
The gram companies offers. Cypress village like 50 grand to move out of there. They said no way they're going to fight blockbuster.
Well, good for them. Maybe they can get some pointers from Bill Iroh. Look what it did for him. Maybe they can sell pizza on the side too. Maybe they can have the original zip pizza. Maybe they can have the face of Wayne on a pizza. People are always seeing the Virgin Mary and Jesus on a pizza. Maybe we can have old zit face on a pie. Call it the zip pie. Have a great weekend. Thank you. Bye bye. Thanks for the good news. Not everybody's going to roll over and lay down dead for Wayne. And by the way, come Tuesday. We have a couple of days we're investigating certain things that have happened here very recently, which I'm sure.
You got a good idea what I'm talking about come Tuesday. Once I finally get some answers. If I do and I'm pretty damn sure I will because I'm pretty pissed off about all of this. But anyway, then the stuff is going to hit the fan because remember what I said several months ago if anything mysterious, if anything bad happens, forget about what it appears to be. Just look at old crater face. That's what it's all about because this is the way these people work. Squash everybody. Even the eight billion dollars sisters will ain't going to work. But just keep that in mind as we discuss some of these other things as we will.
How's that phone line coming 10 51 at W I O D 16 W I O D more fun than waxing your bikini line. Look at this. I just noticed a note here. I had seen this inside radio thing. Here's a note from a nickel Steve Dickel.
Neal that this happened if not something go after inside radio. See if he had any clue what was going on here. I don't expect him to be listening all the time because he does have that door closed in there. It's probably busy.
But it says Paxon Zeta drops classic rock for mainstream a or this is inside radio which goes to a radio stations all over the country on facts. It says that's today when but Paxon's Mime station finishes its eight is a to music stun.
Now this was yesterday. Meanwhile, there's a soap opera building cross town talent talker Neil Rogers accuses the dumped Ron and Ron morning team of using their on air
revelation about Ron D as wife having a to gain sympathy and stave off cancellation of the show suggesting they're trying to exploit the aids issue Ron and round of pronounced themselves devastated by what they claim was a sudden termination.
Paxon PD Neal Mercky says it was all about Lausy ratings and Bob a bond casted over this et cetera. Well, of course it happened. We had that on the year two weeks ago.
That people in the business all over the place who had known about this thing for months about a round a as wife having aids that it was not a big secret that was pretty well known in the industry.
They knew about it for more than a month over at Zeta and the timing of it according to a lot of people and that's I believe that I believe that this was in a desperate attempt to try to elicit a lot of support to rally the troops around.
And I think it stinks and that's my opinion whether anybody likes it or not I think that to exploit somebody's illness no matter what illness it is to try to like get brownie points and try to like hang on to a station that's bad could be wrong but I don't think so.
And as far as nickel dime is concerned get get busy in there do something where's that new schedule where's the new lineup for next week nickel dime come on let's let's put out a lineup so we know we can start promoting what's going to be on the year although if it's done in Mike let's let's not here is for a lot of day.
Hello new yes sir it is so great that you decided to stop giving away that free crap man I am so tired of those people calling you up and sucking around yeah it's just beautiful.
Why did you call me for sir to suck around to see if you place blue jack stuff oh what yeah no see he's upset because people because he wants to suck around all I by the way
but another fact yesterday from that boy Greg putts even after the one I read on the year which I see if I see it's got his name on it just toss it now just absolutely you hopeless take up part cheesy go out and get some what all of these to call those things that they used to sell they were illegal punch boards.
Wait before you were born jurors they had punch boards and they had like all these little holes in them and they were like am I it was it was an illegal thing was a gambling thing go on sell some punch board go on and check
everybody's mailbox and make sure that the mail is coming to the right house that would be a good public service Greg do something constructive we have an open line in date 751 we have one in a
brown or five to four and one on the purple line at pound I.O.D. and you notice that no matter how I've tried I've tried all week long because I believe it's
something that's very very very serious even though a lot of people take it cavalierly and most people don't want to talk about it the thing with the
jive as behavior in sports especially on a football field and not only but especially at university of Miami and like I said the here
and I was shocked I was so pleased that I'm not I'm not the only person that's got the balls to come on and talk about how unacceptable and
embarrassing and grotesque and disgusting that behavior is and the jive and around the dance and around and like you know there was one
really good call he at least on sports talk see a couple of people will talk about that but I miss you all they wanted
something for free but somebody made a very good point that is when you're going to go out there and behave like that as
you know that's unacceptable is you better win every game and because you're talking to trash and you're not you're not
carrying the cash you're blowing the big one and that's why they're on their hands and knees and tears when it's all
over when to get the rascals the joke is pathetic but hey like Phil says it's college ball it's little league man I've been trying to tell people
is done that for years all of those kids wake up and get with the program and elevate this community beyond a little league
place it's bush league it always has been and probably always will be can't we be a city can we be a real
place oh it's the what's the expression they always used that they love to use
all world class city when I hear that I laugh so hard man that my hemorrhage start itching I mean a world
class city anybody who's been aiming like north of a entry knows that this is about as world
class as lutes get serious here's Miami hello
hi you happy new year happy new year I got your best of CD great awesome I really like it is I got a little
story for you and trying to find a job and I've got long hair so a lot of people can oh we know how
you're right I walked into a skate shop yesterday and skate shop yeah skate shop and I applied and I
heard the show like in the guys office towards the back and I said oh you listening to me he says yeah so I showed
him the front of my car and I have like an airbrush of the the CD like the Mona Lisa on the front right and that was
it for the stuff the interview the guy relax and he was smiling and laughing and great I started 12 outstanding great I mean so
usually I'm here about guys that get pulled over and get a double ticket because they had one of my bumper
stickers on their bumper so this is like this is the second time that I've heard a story in the last week
about something got a job because they listen to the show oh it's great I'm in heaven now all right thanks Neil good luck
pali hang in there how do you like that so it pays to listen to Neil Roger show whether they believe it or not just ask
Wayne he'll tell you what's the name of that thing by the way that bit that we haven't played in ages about
long-haired freaky people need not apply that we were playing back in the days when don't give me a look about it I remember
oh my god I can't believe this I can't believe it you don't know the number of things we're late you know something
Rick Riley goes in the news five minutes after the hour I'll go in the news whenever the hell I feel like it and
they'll like it look at station too big for Randy Rose news talk and entertainment radio
six ten W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale they had a big gas problem this morning on the beach good morning at 11 o'clock I'm Terry Griffin six ten W I O D news
the US military has sent 54 Haitians back to their country from Guantanamo it is the first group of
this tone is full of deadbeat shoot them in the leg all right news talk at entertainment radio six ten W I O D presents
the Neil Roger show to talk with Neil call 751 W I O D in date 524 W I O D in Broward outside the 305 area code it's toll-free 1
800 944 W I O D and say the one customers can call pound I O D at no charge now the Neil Roger show a news talk and entertainment radio
six ten W I O D it's Friday you bastards
oh
n
oh
And the wings in all brass hovers will be firing on sight while I jump to the
pen and round be your shoutin' waitin' really fight
Oh you put up with the fans to keep who love for the key clone who's been in
And I mean, we're here all the time through the faces
They ran into some guy half full
Signs, lines, way up in a sign
Buying up a silly program in my mind
Do this, don't do that, we are they the signs
Oh hey now, Mr. Cashew Reach
You can't approach well on people's debris
You should talk to your tired ass geek
What we ain't supposed to be queer
Dreaming, feeling lonely
And the wings says you've got the high-level chip cause to ramp up the air
I know I already have
I hope you do this, won't you do that
And the wings is everybody welcome
Come in watch my things play
I'm sorry boy, you suck, he's right
Now I don't have a penny
Oh I got my whole free will
Can't hate my whole boy high
You won't see a load of doubt for me
Get out to see piece of shot
Sign, sign, way up in a sign
Buying up a silly program in my mind
Do you piece of shot, you piece of sign
You hurt
1109 and WID, the signs are everywhere
Man they all look like a big twist and cross hanging over America
As a matter of fact, next time you go to a ball game
To the racetracked any sporting event
You're going to notice that what used to be the stars and stripes
Is a giant swastika because that's where we're going now
In a case you missed it on 11 o'clock news
The fewer over Josh Lennelder's, Joyce Lennel and whatever to hell her name is
Doesn't quit
Now there's an outcry at the University of Arkansas
Medical Sciences School where she went to teach after Clinton and Fire
To a surgeon general because she had the audacity to tell it the way it is
Conservative state law makers in Arkansas say her views on abortion
Drug legislation and gay rights make her unfit for the med school
And at least want to suggesting that he and his colleagues might try to block the school's funding
If she gets a job
So we don't like what you say you can't work, you can't breathe, you can't live
We taught the truth in the back about masturbation
They should not be told lies
But you know hair is going to grow on their hands
They're going to go crazy, they're going to go blind
We shouldn't lie until we're going about the bomb
You mean they're not?
What do you got to think about this penis thing?
Oh my god
So anyway that's the latest as we continue
I mean they've only been in the like couple of days
They don't even have their ass warm on a CD even though they've been working 24 hours
Today just like the Nazis were back in the beginning of Nazi Germany
Like rewriting the entire constitution and kind of like taking apart
And little things like the Billorite stuff like that
We have an open line in Broward 5249463524 SIG HIL
And let's go to a mobile in Miami, hello?
Neil!
How you doing sir?
It's really great
Good, good, listen my son's only a year old and he's already playing with it
Really?
Oh yeah, I mean he's on, he's on I would hope
I would hope so
That's good
Human beings only going to do it, make some feel good
There you go
Don't tell a conservators that though
Listen first of all I don't think I'm going to get my voice back before the game
It's only going to get worse
But has anybody called and told you yet about Wayne Jr. in the paper?
No
Okay, about his boat that was stolen and to get it back he offered two super-bulk tickets
It's on the front page of the local section of the hero
Oh the hero, I don't read the hero down to penalty of death but I might make a set of five
Find the copy, it's great, but guess what seats he offered?
No bleed in the end zone
Oh now you don't expect good seats just to get his boat back to it
I would a little bit carried away
It was a 31-foot cabin cruiser and you know how quick they got it back after they offered to take it to our
Yeah, I'll tell you what, listen if anybody out there who stole Wayne Jr.'s boat
He's got that boat, it's a 31-foot cabin cruiser
Right
I'll give you my two seats right on a 50-yard line
How do you like that?
So bring it right by here, just zip it down the bay
Just, well, doc, right out here, be on till two o'clock
And I'll head on home and you can have the tickets, you got them right here in the building
That's an awesome deal
All right
Hey, go dolphin thanks
Thanks
See ya
Okay, we can put him to shame, I mean what a piker
Oh, I'll give you a couple of nosebleeds, he's might even get a little oxygen for you
If the coach don't use it all up first
Here is a shocking thing, I mean this makes Joyce Lynn Jocelyn pale in a win significance
Andrew Greeley as an going West young man, or was that Horace Greeley
Father Reverend Andrew Greeley, who's always writing this stuff that gets the Catholic hierarchy very very upset
The sexually oriented father says that Catholics really like sex
That's right, Catholics are doing it more than anybody else according to you
According to the Reverend Andrew Greeley
More than two-thirds of Catholics engage in sex at least once a week, not necessarily with their mate
Compared to 56% of non-Catholics, how do you like that?
A big difference there, I don't know how big he didn't draw a map
Among older persons half of Catholics, age 55 and older reported having sex at least once a week compared to only 40% of others
Catholics also score higher on sexual playfulness scales
For example, 30% of... oh man
The Pope is going to be foaming at the mouth when he hears about this
There's going to be a lot of these guys, one and a half come the altiboy's, haven't been paying attention to this
They also score higher on the sexual playfulness scales, for example, 30% of Catholics say
They have purchased erotic undergarments, either often or sometimes compared to 20% of non-Catholics
Even single Catholics are more sexually active than non-Catholics Greeley said
Just a third of single Catholic adults reported being chased during last year, anybody been chasing you?
Compared to 43% of single Protestants
Choose, of course, only do it when the credit cards get revoked
But I mean, that goes on to a big thing
This is in the herald of today's matter, pact on page 6f
Appropriately enough, huh?
Page 6f as in father, under the religion side
What's that guy to do with religion, man?
What does that guy do? This is disgusting. See, this is the impact of people like Joyce Lynn again
Now we even got these damn renegade priests writing about sex
Pretty soon they're going to be having it
Then we'll really all be going to hell again
Father O too, guy
Exactly
Let's do a lady in Miami, hello
Hi Neil
How you doing?
Good, how are you?
Are you Catholic?
No, okay
So a Catholic boyfriend
Are you a Catholic boyfriend?
Yes, I am
Is he like doing it a lot?
Um, I take the fifth
No, come on, a lot
I'll take the fifth
In other words, only once in a great while
No
Only once in a hour
Only once in a week
Sexual drive
Okay
Very healthy apathy
He knows how to drive it, right?
Listen, did you hear that Rick Sanchez, you know how he would sometimes go guess lecture at FIU?
And the paper yesterday, the herald, I know you don't read it, he's going to have his own class
Yeah, I heard Phil talking about that yesterday
They had the guy from Channel 7 on
And he's going to be teaching people how to make cocktails after you hit guys in your car after you do a little head and run
He's going to teach him how you slide away from the cops, how you sweet talk them and go home and have a couple of cocktails
Yeah, I thought that was good
It's going to be cute, yeah
I went to the Orange Bowl
Yeah
Game
And I'm a UM fan
But I graduated from University of Texas
So, they're first in my heart but I'm so far away that it's hard
Anyways, fourth quarter, the end of the third quarter and we still had the lead
And some jerks behind us as soon as they hit the fourth quarter
Everybody puts their fingers up for four
And he's like, we got it, this is it, we're home free, we won the game
They're home free, all right
Yeah, and I'm just going, oh no, you know, there's no way we're home free
Besides the fact that I knew we were going to blow it anyways
I mean, even after, we're still 17 to 9, what were you, I was 17?
No, 24
No, but we're still 17
It was 17 to 9, even after they had first a goal on the four
And Osborne said in that stupid pass plan, first down a gut intercepted
I know
And it was still 17 and I'm I'm going to hit the ball back
I know, it was sick, real sick
I don't know if you remember, I called you about my dog being on Prozac
Yeah
Do you remember that?
Yes I do
She's off
She's off the Prozac and let me tell you she has much more of her personality back
So maybe we should think about getting the governor off it
I was just going to say, you beat me to the punch, I was going to say if you keep giving it long enough, she's going to turn into a she-coon
No, I'm telling you, if you might have, if I did, she might have
Because the governor, if he runs again, he's going to go after the she-coon vote in the next election
That's true
I'm telling you, that's what got him over the top this year
Yeah, wow
Was that heavy-coon vote
All right, Neil, that's all out of material
Have a great weekend
See ya, bye-bye
Open line and date 751, 1 and Broward, 524, W-I-O-D
Catholics really like sex, they really do
All right
All the Catholics are going to be calling on a passion phone
They're going to be having passion with their phone when Aaron comes on Aaron Nobra on Monday night
Neon God
Anyway, it's 11-16 at W-I-O-D, it's Friday, you bastards, that's right
6-10 W-I-O-D
For better reception, take off your clothes and raise your antenna
This is the show of tomorrow with new rehearsals
This is the show of the show
Do you know what it is?
Politicians have put orphanages back in the mood
And that's why we're putting them back on Broadway
In the camp near the head, written by their little decons, Newt Gengri
Please, Newt, please now have some more
It's political twist
Won't pay anything for kids, not anything
Your well-fed free ride is through
Political twist, the story of one man with clouds and millions without
Take them all away from their bothers
Boys town as well as should go
Here's what people are saying about political twist
I miss my baby
Mama, where are you?
Who's don't give a hoot?
He's trying to ho-shot
Political twist, it's the musical for the 90s, the 1790s
It's 11-20 at W-I-O-D, there's an open line in day 751
And at Purple Line, now I'm starting to get a little bit pissed
You know what I'm saying?
Because that Purple Line is our only link to the people in the...
All those little mini-vans out there
People who are driving those little mini buses, they ought to every one of them be off the road
This thing in Dade County with these so-called...
And they're all Haitian drivers too
I don't want to say that Haitians can't drive but they can't
But I mean, where do they find these people that are driving these beat up old mini buses?
This is public transportation?
Like I said, in a major city, would you have a thing like this?
Would these rickety old smelly diesel-puking oil burning pieces of crap
With guys who just got off a banana boat who wouldn't know a driver's license if you stuck it up their ass
Which is probably where they found it
Mini bus, yeah man!
Just let me weave all over from one lane to the other
I've got to drop a few people off here like in the middle of the road
So get out of my way you ugly face, you very nice
Pound I-O-D on a cellular one line
If that don't start ringing pretty soon, we're...
That's just gonna be it, kiss the death, Wayne's put us out of business
Here's Margate, hello
Yes, Neil
Yes sir
Look, I'm the manager of restaurant in Coral Springs
Yes
And I'm an avid dolphin fan, I know you're not really fond of the dolphins
Right, that's correct
How come you don't like them so much?
Listen, I don't want to... do you listen to this show?
Yes I do
Then why do I have to repeat everything about what I've just... I've gone over it a million times
I see it's...
Is there all fat swabs?
What?
Because you say they're all fat swabs?
What does it have to do with what they look like?
What does that have to do with it?
I don't know
I don't like their attitude, I don't like their shoe-lite, I don't like Wayne
I don't like the ambiance of the whole team
I don't like their attitude toward this radio station
I don't like the way they stiff everybody all the time
I just add Brian Cox makes me nauseous
I have they really stiffed you before
But do you mean if they stiffed us?
I mean, I have they really like said they'd be on your show and they didn't
All the time, not on this show but on this station
I don't have guests on this show but they've done it on sports talk
Over and over, more often than not
Since Brian Cox decided that since he just happens to have a show on QAM
that we're going to stick it to the IOD
Plus the fact that he's just without a sense of humor
They're just a bunch of spoiled assholes is what they are for the most part
And I don't like them
If somebody's going to stick it to me, what am I going to do to go and support them?
Well, if you need any help getting rid of those tickets, Neil
What?
If you need any help getting rid of those tickets
Get outta here
What, and see there's what I just rest my case
If I need any help, I won't need any help and you won't be getting them
That's for sure, okay pal?
If I need any help, the guy's bringing the yacht right over here now
Wayne has in good juniors yacht is in the bay behind the station right now
I hope Rick Sanchez keeps his greasy hands off it please
It's just been polished and waxed and the boat too
And I got my two tickets and the guy who brings that yacht is the guy who's going to get him
And you ain't going to see him
Got a guy to go through this verbal foreplay
How come you don't like him?
Everybody who listens knows the story
I'm not going to go support their pretended support
A bunch of guys with a crappy attitude who want to like you
They have no sense of humor from the coach, the Brian Cox
To a lot of his teammates out there
There's a few good guys out there, Danny, Danny is great
You're never going to get me to knock Dan Moreno
Even if he don't ever show up on our show, I don't care about that
He's great, one of the all-time greats
One of the greatest players I ever put on a jockstrap
Takes a lot of abuse from people who expect him to be perfect and win every game
But that's Miami of course
Oh, the university lost a couple of football games
This guy is for all, geez, poor baby
I can just see it Michigan State
I can see on one of the great institutions in this land
I can just see they lose a couple of games which they lose several every year
And nobody is all I've concerned about
I can just see them running around
Oh, the sky is falling off
We better like, we better all lock ourselves in our rooms this weekend
And just beat ourselves with chains
Well now these people are going to grow up already
And the thing in the paper this morning says Dennis Erickson's on his way to Seattle
It's just about a done deal
If he's got even a small brain in his head left after drinking all that milk
If he's got a small one, I mean brain
He'll be on his way to San Jose which is not far from Seattle soon
Because I don't know the guy personally
The people in our sports department including DFO they tell me he's a good guy
Although I still think he's a prisoner of the program
He hasn't, he's had no control over what's going on over there
It's out of his hands, it's beyond his control
This whole ambiance of this barbaric crap
Whatever you call it that they're doing over there
And he'll get out here because the guy comes in here he had the audacity to lose a couple of games
Oh, he's out
It's getting worse than Notre Dame
All new people out there who always take on a shot at Notre Dame which believe me
Nobody hates them more than I do
They're obnoxious, Lou Holt should only croco wicked death
In fact, the kid that carries his cord around beyond him about a wrap it around his neck
I pay admission to see that
Hang him up there right next to Tiffany a couple of notches higher
But I mean everybody's always pointed the finger at them
All-member Terry Brennan, oh he lost a couple of games, you're out Terry
This is a good religious institution, praise the Lord
Let's do a 50 minute benediction because we're holier than everybody else
And I have a lot of sex like all the other good Catholics
Father
But everybody's pointing at them, what about right here?
It's becoming obsession, it's like neurotic
Oh they lost the game in the orange ball, who wise you know what are we gonna do?
What are we gonna do?
Like Al Martino, I think Don Corleone needs to come in and slap him around the push a little bit like he didn't a godfather
Act like a man, that's what you can do
We'll send Tom Hagen to California or to horse heads in New York
He'll take care of things for you, then you won't lose no more football game, then they will fear you
But in the meantime cut the crap
Anyway, where are we going? We're going to a mobile and crawl spring, hello?
Brian Cox, Sucks and Bokers
Yeah, here's a lady in Bokers, hello
Hi Neil, yes ma'am
Okay, I think Russian limbaugh is a Republican demon
And I certainly pray he doesn't spread his semen
For if he does in the world over, there'll be dolls and thurms and gingrichs and clovers
So I say to him, you're the right of the right
You know who the teacher is, that's that chronic woman
We have an open line in Brett, you know who that is?
That's someone from Locca Hatchy or wherever the hell she's from? You know that you wouldn't know that voice?
Oh come on
Open line at Broward, 524, what on the green line?
1-800-944-9463
Don't be saying disgusting things on the air like Newt gingrich, okay?
Do you hear what she said?
And then to make it even worse, she compounded it with doll
Here's Miami shores, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay
You know and I know that in 86 when the hurricanes went out to the fiesta ball
Probably the most talented hurricane team that choked
Yeah
Had they won that game?
The Teagues would be the uniform of the day today
But not only the hurricane and the rest of the country
We put the bottom line in
Wrong, wrong
If that's the case then how come since they won four national championships?
Right
How come that all the other teams aren't out there jivest and doing the same?
You think that Joe Patrano is going to allow that to happen?
Oh no, not any cl- not not any cl-
Anybody with any cl-
Do you think Lou Holtz is much as I dislike him?
Do you think they're going to let that go on at Notre Dame?
No, but what I'm trying to say is that the hurricane's
But the bottom line is Erickson is a prisoner and if they win
But don't try to extend it to everybody else
Because the coach he's the one that's supposed to be in charge
And the inmates are running the asylum in that particular institution over there
Which is one of the reasons that all this fraud and all these pelgrants and all this scandal
And again they're not alone, I mean that's going on everywhere
But the fact is this is why that's all gotten out of control
Is because they have this obsession with winning and winning and winning
And every, you know, Ted foot who's a turdburger but nonetheless a few years ago
He says, oh well you know we have to get back to academics at the University of Miami
And everybody's saying get out of here, even mad at you saying here's a guy
Don't want to shower with the guys, he doesn't understand what it's all about
See that's the problem with America is the dummy that's part of the dumbing of America
Is that being a junk is more important than having a brain
I agree with you, here's another example
And it takes no talent and no intellect to go out there and do that step and fetch it routine
And I'm going to tell you and I know I know this for a fact that most people who are listening to me right now
And all weeks since I've been talking agree with me but they don't have the balls to say it
I think you're right, I think you're going to be a moron
If black people aren't embarrassed by the behavior of those black athletes then there's something wrong with them
I agree with you, here's another example, University of Michigan
If you look at the basketball team with that Fab5 with the long shorts they basically ran that asylum
That coach Bill Fisher pretty much didn't know what was going on
Yeah but he's 200 years old
Who Fisher?
Yeah
He took over for the other guy who got fired on Arizona
Which guy, who follows the University of Michigan basketball?
Anyway, which one was the old guy the one that looked like he was in a coma on the sideline?
It looked like John Wooden plus a hundred years
Yeah, he's gone
Two things that really hurt me as far as the celebration
One is when now the big thing in the NFL in fact is you slow down at the 15 year line and you walk into the end zone
Oh yeah
If that isn't a show up, if that isn't the most ridiculous thing to do
Yeah but let me ask you something, do white guys do that?
On a whole no, no, I agree with you, they do not do that
Why is it acceptable for black athletes to be doing all these and Dion Sanders to be doing his gyve as crap?
And of course when the kids see that they're trying to emulate that behavior like it's acceptable
And white guys for some reason don't do that
Even the guy the other day brought up Mark Gastono
Mark Gastono did, I mean he was an asshole and he used to jump up and down and stuff
But he wasn't doing the kind of stuff we're talking about
Right, no, he was just an idiot jumping up and jumping his head and going nuts
He was just a self-aggrandizing asshole
Right, I guess because the announcers I think are afraid to be labeled racist and afraid to say that it's ridiculous behavior
On a whole, most of them, I can't call Burke who for instance says it's exciting and they should be playing for a fight
He's such a sharel, he kisses everybody's ass whether it's you a van or the dolphins
He wouldn't have the balls to give his real opinion
I guarantee you he doesn't really believe that, not a chance of a billion
Well, in closing Hank, if they did that in baseball, they do do it in baseball
Bobby Barnes showed up Bob Gibson like he does by looking at the ball
And you're a baseball, big baseball fan, his head will be handed to him in the next act that
No question about him, am I right or wrong?
Absolutely correct sir
Have a great weekend
Okay
Open line in two of them in dates, 7519463
Hey, stupid, just calm down Hank, you'll be alright
So anyway, the hockey season, it looks like it's definitely off, it's the sixth of January
They're having their holding their final meet, the board of governors tomorrow morning
And it's said, said, said, you know
But you know something will survive without it, even though I'm pissed off
I'm pissed off, like Bradcock, I'm real pissed off, but I'll survive without it
And it'll kind of like if this is what it took with baseball and hockey to bring reality back and put sports in perspective
And salaries back in perspective and stop all of this bull crap or at least slow away down
Well, maybe it was worth it
But in the meantime, of course the baseball owners are saying, well, we're getting ready, we're trying out our first amateur-hour ball players here
We're getting a, give me a break if they really believe, if they really believe that you folks are stupid enough to pay big bucks to go out there
To sit in these, in these just absolutely sweltering heat and humidity in the middle of summertime
To watch a bunch of goofball juveniles playing baseball
Oh, I'm sorry, that's the Marlins, that's right
Lament 32 at WIOD
Sixteen WIOD
The only good Canadians are still in Montreal
Oh my god, if you play Hank Goldberg again, I'm gonna fucking throw up
Hank is God, I love Hank, I'm having a GFF with Hank
Hi, I'm fitness guru Susan Powder, it's the time of year everyone's rise to get in shape
It's also called Influcies
And now with my new video, Copper Obex, you can use those gut-wrenching co-op stances to lose your gut habit
I don't have a cold
No problem, here
Oh, fine
You see when you order Copper Obex, you get my exciting new video
And a lot of used clean-up
You like, huh, huh, huh, huh
And three, and four
Wow, Copper Obex is a great way to get your heart pumping and your nose running
I can't breathe
I was sucking up your was
Oh, okay
And two, and three
I had feel of the birds
You have in thighs right?
I'm going by nostrils
And Copper Obex, catch the fever to the dead
Oh, what a
Suck it in and hold it
1134, WI-D, Phil Henry, a 2 this afternoon
And of course Phil, be out on the road, I assume, between 5 and 6 won't he?
Where are they going today? Do we have any idea? We don't?
Well, let's not get too carried away, and how about that schedule for Monday night?
Okay, I know I'm starting to get a little bit pushing now, just calm down, mind your own business
Yeah, but let's go to Sunrise, hello
Hello there
Yes sir
Good, good to hear it
Ryan Rond's off down here, do you know if there are still on up in Tampa?
Yes, they are
They're on a Tampa or Lando, and the only place they went off is Jacksonville and Miami
And Miami
Yep
Okay, and did I hear yesterday coming on a...
Is it Costa?
Did the players don't play as well for Costa?
I said that there are very strong rumors from people who are in a position to know that the black players that there's a racial rift on a U of M football team
And the rumor has it that black players because what's the other kids the other quarterback?
Rond, Rond, Rond
They don't want to play for... they don't want Costa to be quarterbacked and the team has a result that have been a lot of drop passes
And they don't pass block and they don't like him
Right
Which if that's true of course is scandalous
Yeah, and I was watching that game and you said that it kind of makes sense, but that's so hard to believe that they would do that
Yeah, I just lose the game
Yeah, because I sure don't think they want to lose the game
But on the other hand, maybe they want to get Collins in there in a second half if Costa got took enough punishment
I mean, he was on his ass every play in the game
Yeah, I can't remember one play even on running plays where he wasn't just getting brutalized
He used, yep
But what can you do?
And now I'm beginning to understand why he's got this habit of always opening his mouth after the game and pointing fingers
Because he's the guy gets blamed all the time and they're laying down for him
I mean, they're just not doing anything
Yeah, they're laughing back there
Yep
And, uh, stop and I think they're gonna do it
Yeah
Going to Super Bowl
Good, and they're gonna win?
Going to Super Bowl
Going to Super Bowl, that'll be ugly, but hey, at least they'll be there, right?
That's right
It'll be ugly, but just all sleep on that day
Have a great day, pal.
Bye
Okay, Dolphin Super Bowl, here we go
My Dolphin's, baby
Right?
What's the, um...
You're landed for us, gonna have some fun
You've turned
Gonna move the ball on everyone
Well, the pass and chance don't stand a chance
We need some help
Gaston will never do a single back dance
We need some help
Gonna shut you down to a big zero
We need some help
Go, you Dolphin's, go fish, go
We need some help
Go, you Dolphin's, go fish, go fish, go fish, go fish
It's, uh, 1137, at WIOD
That could be the all time right there
And I'm sure the coach show with his great sense of humor
I'm sure he understands it's all just in good clean fun
We have an open line in dead, of course he's now Catholic
Open line in dead, 7519-463-751-WIOD
Let's do a Hollywood, shall we?
Hollywood
Hello?
Hollywood is gone?
Like I said, Hollywood's a little late
Yes
That was good
That was excellent sir, nice ever
Wait, yeah, yeah
Okay, and he just stuck the phone up his ass
Good to get rid of those hemorrhoids man, it works like a charm
Open line in Broward now, 524-9463
Here's the lady in Miami, hello
Hello?
Yes?
Yeah, hi, how are you?
Okay
Why have you got your radio up?
Why?
Yes
I'm sorry
Because now you're going to get all confused and it's going to make everybody very upset including me
That's true
Yeah, so speak to me and forget about the radio
Okay
What can I do for you?
So, what are you doing?
Doing great, how are you doing?
Fine
What is the purpose of your call?
Did you call to speak to me about something to offer your opinion, your analization of the world affairs?
What is it?
What do you want?
Sorry
Sorry for what?
Nevermind
What did you want?
You called for a reason, spit it out
Even Dr. Ruth says, when did you spit it out?
Come on, you can do it
I want to give you the courage to be a reason
I called for a reason
Okay, well what is it?
Well, do you know that lady, what's her name?
Oh, is this a woman?
Is this a woman?
It is a woman, an adult woman
Yes
Right, okay
I just want to make sure
Because you sound, you're getting a little spastic
Susan powder with the right
With the Katie Lang haircut, yes?
Yes, I mean...
What about her?
No
What about her? Say it, just say it
This is a man, she hung up
And on Monday she won't be able to say it anymore because New King rich is passing along over the weekend
Whatever she was going to say about Susan powder, pull a powder, forget it
Boy, you talk about sad
This is just, it's just a phone conversation
What are these people also on nervous about?
Oh, why would never call him, I'm intimidated
Would stop being such woosey as man, God
It's like that woman at day in a homestead, I thought she was going to have a stroke underfoot
Yeah
Like what's her name this morning that called Ruby?
Yeah, you, yeah
I love Ruby though, she's a nice lady but just don't call the show, please
Look what you did to Chris Baker, call him once, he's off the air
Fort Lauderdale, hello
That was good
That was great
I did everything in my power to try to drag her out and get her because I know she didn't just call the dittle around
She wanted to say something, she just didn't have the balls
You know she picked up the phone, she dealt with her friend
She was a lady with no balls
She held on for 20 minutes
Right, and then she just couldn't spit it out
She was about it
Boy, what about Susan powder?
Stanky bitch
But anyway
The darn Shula card is the funniest thing
It is
Dunshula, I f***ing know
It's the best
And then afterwards when he says, thanks honey, then I really like it
Yeah
Alright, as bad as the, uh, jiminage call was, the interception return
That is the funniest thing
I thought you just said the darn Shula thing was the funniest thing
How can you be like two funniest things?
It's like having the 85 best Mexican restaurants in town, they can't all be the best
They're both good, the purpose of my call
The one thing that I've never...
It wasn't Susan powder, wasn't it?
No
I f***ed it out my mind with the orange bowl
Was the kid at the end and the brastic guy that scored the two touchdowns towards the end
Yeah, after he scored, he laid the ball down
Right
And, oh they weren't doing any of that crap
Tom Osborne is, in fact you'll notice that even though they did dunk him with the gatorade there at the end of the game
Very reserved and, uh, no nonsense, they don't play that crap
That's right, and there's sports people in this town that defend that, uh, and I don't feel the same
It's indefensible and inexcusable and unacceptable, especially at a collegiate level
Yeah
It's not acceptable, these are just a bunch of kids
That's all they have no business going out there and acting like a bunch of jivas goofballs
That's not what people pay their money to see and if they do in Miami
Then there's something wrong with this town and with that university and I think there is
Well, it's something desperately wrong
It's barely a cut above high school football
I mean, I watched almost every bowl game I saw Alabama pull the game out there
It was an exciting game there, the citrus bowl
They said a barker through the touchdown pass there at the end of a very exciting game they came from behind
I didn't see any of that going on in that game
Yeah
Any of it, I watched the, uh, the ducks and Penn State
I didn't see any of that crap going on in that game
There were like 575 million yards off and just by the ducks in that game
There were a very exciting game, didn't see any of that
You can have excitement, you can have great plays
You don't, that, that crap is unacceptable
Well, I think Eric's in that of there if he's, if he's smart, he's gonna be gone
And he, well, I don't know if he's smarter or not, but if he's gotta have a brain, he's out
Well, he could, if he's got even a small brain stem like Shula left, he's out
Listen, he could stick around for another 10 years and be, and be one of the best, you know, all time win
And take a lot of abuse
Yeah, or take a lot of abuse
Yeah, well, look at a guy like paternal, I don't like paternal, but you look at a guy like him
And he's been there a million years and he's won a billion games
And they don't give him any crap, I mean, they treat him like, uh, the king of the universe up there
Well, he's suing the, he's suing UM to reimburse him for the legal bills for that forte suit
And which was just in the paper today and you're not, you know, you're not gonna sue your university if you're planning on sticking around
Yeah, that's a good point
And, uh, anyway, so he, I guess he got, he's gone
Yes, and he says that paper today it says kiss him goodbye
And he, and he got Edwin Poe last week to write that, you know, he was definitely sticking around for, for one point here
When somebody says I'm definitely sticking around, it's like when an owner says I'm giving you a photo confidence
That means have a nice life, goodbye start packing
Yeah, we'll have a good week in there
And you too, thanks
So yeah, open line and brown, 5249463524 WIOD 1144
And you know, 610 WIOD reminds you, friends don't let friends listen to anyone else
It's Friday, you bastard
Susan Powder, you know her as the loud bald headed impovercial queen
With a bikini wax job
Okay, okay, I was fat, but my ex husband is a jerk
Now she's back with a new self-help tape that helps you deal with the jerks of the 90s
You gotta eat, you gotta breathe, you gotta swell
Come on, you gotta start the obscenities
Excuse me, wait, hold on
But I need to say is you gotta start the f***ing obscenities
Susan's been through it all and she knows how to deal with it
Every morning I wake up, look in the mirror and say
Who the hell's gonna f*** with me today
She's just like you, but she's making a lot more money
I'm just a housewife who figured it out
If you shave your f***ing head, wear tight f***ing clothes and get 8750 for a video
You'll make a f***ing lot of money
Learn how to deal with life in the 90s with Susan Powder's newest video, start the obscenities
What the f*** happened to my hair?
Available wherever stupid ass f***ing ass like you by f***ing like this
Okay, I think we answered that lady's question
1147 at WIOD, let's go to Boka
By the way, the food is here from Rigatonis
I just thought I would mention that for those of you who like to eat on the air
Which we haven't done too much of lately, but yesterday and today two days in a row
But this looks well worth it at half the price
At five times the price, Angel Hair Pasta and Italian Sausage
We got Rigatoni, 4G's Rigatoni, we got Big Ziti
Am I right? Am I guessing good?
I can smell it all the way over here
It's beautiful, and if George ever gets through pochking around
It's gonna be great
Rigatonis by the way is a 33-33 North University drive between Sheridan and Sterling Road
In Davi slash Hollywood
Officially Davi, but it's really Hollywood
Okay, unless you park your horse
Thank you so much, that's a beautiful thing
Let's go to Boka
Hello?
Mr. Roger
Yes sir
It's so good to hear your voice
I bet it is
I'm off, down to vacation going back tonight
When I get up in the morning every day and start talking to my dogs
I say to myself, boy, it sure is good to hear my voice
Then I know I'm alive
Exactly, son of Sam was hearing voices like that, wasn't he?
From his dog?
Yeah, anyway
I know you're a big fan of the Godfather
Me?
Yes, that's right
Not the Don, not in Shulah, but the Don Chololion
Now, are you familiar with another epic gangster movie, Miller's Crossing?
Yes, are you weak?
Weak
It's alright
I would hardly say it's an epic
Is that the one where he takes him out into woods and is supposed to kill him?
Yep
Yeah, exactly
It's alright, I've seen it about two or three times
In other words, if I saw it two or three times, it can't be that bad
True
True
So, I'm...
Okay, I just want to talk about it
Don't put it in the same league with the Godfather
Yeah, well, different
But, uh, but good
Alright, Neil, uh, auto-material, see how it's about it
Have a great day
Yeah
Great weekend
See ya
Thank you so much
Beautiful, all kinds of sausage here
Got a little garlic bread, we got cheese wrapped in prosciutto, I believe that is, am I right?
Yes
Oh, all kinds of like pepperoni's and salamis
Like maybe genoma per amps, am I right?
Or mortadella or whatever it is, it's a beautiful thing
And fresh, uh, I don't want to say buffalo mozzarella would be, that'd be a bad thing to say
Don't say the buffalo part
Here's, uh, a lady in Key West
Hello
Neil Honey
How you doing, sweetie?
You guys are killing us down here, no star IOD anymore
Oh, or, yeah, we're killing you right?
Yeah, we cut you off right
But you have a small loyal following, like me
Well, what do you mean we cut you off?
We had nothing to do with it
Yeah, we'll keep going back and forth, honey
No, it's not, it's not back and forth at all
I would feel real, it's them
Mm-hmm
Yeah, well then they're killing us
But I mean you guys, you should have a number where we can call you free, man, it should be free
What do you mean by that?
For Key West?
Yes, for my birthday
You gotta be dreaming, you gotta be kidding me
But I would call you Neil
That's why we don't have it
No, that's not very nice, I'm trying to be nice to you, but listen
Here's, let's get to it, let's stop with all this foreplay, because I know this is not why you called
I know you called it about Susan Pound
She's too weird, man
She was good, wasn't she?
Great, Susan or the caller?
The caller, but I can understand you're a little bit like my husband, because you said you were giving her every opportunity
I was
Come on, get with her, what is it? Tell me what you want
And she was at the moment
Yeah, but see it's a radio show and the audience is going
Like this, I mean you can't let the audience go into a coma while you're trying to get this woman to say something
You know, just say something
That is correct
Like I had bird, I hate the bird car, where she says just play anything, play something
That keeps talking, in her case it was the opposite
Okay, here's my question, and I want you to be honest
What's your question?
First of all, don't you think that the past two weeks were great short Fridays and no Mondays?
Yes
That's the way of the world as a good day
I think so
But right before I went away from the holiday
Let me give you a little more enthusiastic cancer than that, by the way
Okay
Here it is
Yeah
This is definitely the way it should be
I love him
In fact, they should give us a lot of Friday and or Mondays off
Exactly
They would have a happy holiday
I will say one thing about this company, it's about the only good thing I can say for them
Is that when you go, you take your vacations and like I have like a kind of hoarded extra days
You'll know that sometimes I'll take off on a Thursday and Friday and then all through the next week
And I've added tacked on a couple of extra days because then when you do that and you have the extra weekend in there
It really makes for a good like about a 10 day vacation
And they never say a peep about that
And of course if they did, I can tell them where to stick it
You're the golden goose, Neil
They would keep me believe you
But I noticed Rick and Sets did that last time too and I hope that a lot of people start doing that
I don't want to be the bearer of bad tidings for management
But the time off is well invested, it's a good investment because then you come back all with your batteries be charged like Sally
I agree, so here's my question
Before I went away, I listen to your station all day every day
And I think I've felt pretty good about myself being clued in with our buddy Phil Hendrick
Yeah
The Friday before I went away, the Friday before Christmas
Was that business with Bo Camper for real?
No, he, Phil told about that
But I didn't, I was away, that's what I meant
See, that's the only thing that Phil has ever done that really I didn't like
And it wasn't that I didn't like when he did Bo Camper the night before
Which obviously you know listen to sports talk and why should you be the one?
Actually, I heard about two minutes of him pissing because he wasn't at the party
That's all I heard because I've gone to the grocery store
Well, I didn't hear it either but evidently he went through a contrived deal about to Phil
And this and that and Phil is hurting his livelihood and yaddy yaddy yaddy yaddy yaddy
And all this other crap
Oh, that's beautiful
And and they you know it was all contrived
The whole thing
And evidently little Andy got his nose in them in a little bit
And they set this thing up for the next day
And it was all contrived and Phil finally came on here and fessed up about it later in the show
But if you only heard the first part of the show, a lot of people thought it was for real
And that they were really having a big feud
I even called and said like Bo Camper's a crybaby gets where it's ill
He got me man
See, I this is one thing that they're doing here which I am just vehemently
I mean absolutely a hundred and I mean with manage, manage is a character
He doesn't have to put on any phone, he's just a nutcase and everybody loves it
Or at least most people love it
But when these other guys want to start trying to be comedians
And they want to start trying to do our stick
And then this maniac program director wants depot to start playing comedy stuff that we play during our shows
I mean, you know we got enough people ripping off our stuff already
We don't need the sports guys trying to be amateur neo-rodgers and Rick and Southern Phil Henry's
I don't want to make you mad
But I know that you say like you don't get it
Why do people want to look at me through their binoculars and they expect me to put on a side show when they come meet me somewhere
When I say don't get it
I don't get it enough but that's another show I'm saying
Okay, but here's my question
And I'm not trying to be a joe pop psychologist
But you're right, but I've been diant to him
Why don't you admit it but you are
I hear you talk about mommy
I've heard a former chiropractor brother mentioned once
How come you never mentioned your father?
How come I don't mention him?
Yeah, like you never said
Because I have nothing to do with him
Is he living?
Yes
And you haven't had anything to do with him for...
Or I would say 20 some years
See, this... I had to break the news to you
This show is a radio show
And even though there are things in my life that I discuss here because it's part of me and my personality and my existence
This is not like a biography
I know and that's what I mean
It's just that we are so interested
I'm not interested in what?
Interested in everything about you, though?
But you wouldn't be interested in him at all, believe me
Is one of the least interesting people I can imagine
Well, he missed out because you are very interesting and I do listen every day
Well, thanks for sucking around
Enjoy your lunch
Have a great weekend
Bye-bye
Come on, Mary, dig in there, it's so the price is right
Mmm
Well, you can see how we do that food
Oh my God, do you think there's enough food here?
Jesus, Joseph and Esther, thank you very much
I pray it's fantastic
It's not good, it's spectacular
Sensational
But you didn't give me my knife back and I'll never forgive you for that
Because I'm going to eat my-ha-ha-ha
That's that I want to make you feel bad but if I can't cut my sausage
If you can't cut your meat, whatever they say there in England
Oh, then I just dropped it on the damn floor
Thanks a lot
Okay, this is beautiful
What a spread, huh?
Even air in summers never saw a spread like this
What?
What do you mean by that?
We used to do this all the time until you came to work here
And then we stopped because we figured that people have worked at INZ
And we don't deserve to eat for free
What do you mean by that?
You didn't work at INZ?
You were at INZ more than a short while sweetheart
Don't tell me you were when I left you left, yeah
That's what Ron and Ron said too
When Neil left say that we did too, that's what they said
It's an inside radio today
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir
First time caller
Alright, home is Rochester, New York
I've been down in Florida for about three years now
One fact, one fact, the Rochester, one last time he went to Niktaho
I've never been to Niktaho's for a garbage plate
No?
Yes I have
Yeah, I'll go pick an herb
Yeah
And that's how it is
About Don and Bob, see this is the problem with Rochester is that those of us who are from there
Even though it's in a relatively nice city when the law locks around in the sun is shining two weeks out of the year
But we try to make something out of nothing
No, you know that I'm right
Because it's a weather is horrendous
It's a very pleasant city if it had nice weather but it doesn't
And other than some very very good restaurants, which is all I ever talk about is Don and Bob's and C Breeze
And that's it
Rochester is basically nothingness
And most of the people who live there, even though they're very nice
There's some Italians, there's some Jews, there's some Black people
But generally they're farmers
It's pretty sad when you're right
Yes, it's a bunch of farmers
Pretty sad when you got to talk about a garbage plate is
Right
That's the highlight
Yeah, when you say hey, do you ever have the garbage plate and you say that's the highlight of Rochester
Then it almost makes you feel like you're talking about Buffalo
I'm sure the rest of your listeners are fascinating
But just keep in mind that Rochester is like Manhattan compared to Buffalo
So that makes us feel a lot better
Listen, I got one question
I live in Orlando so I can't pick you up very often just when I get down this way
Yeah
But you'll be able to hear Aaron Summers although you can hear already I guess
Oh, great, she's wonderful
What went on a couple of years ago with you and we?
What went on?
Yeah, was there like a...
Oh, he was doing that every year
Every time they would come down here he tried to do this contrived thing
And he would raise money to buy billboard
See, we raised money on this station to try to help charity
We don't raise money to put up stupid billboards to waste money
To try to piss somebody off in Buffalo
A bunch of nose pickers
Did he do it? They share or no?
I don't even remember
We just don't pay...
Yeah, the answer is yes
But we don't pay any attention to the billboard or to him
In fact, we did do some nice things on the billboard to the face it not we
But I mean some of the listeners who were very irate
And he's just a bandwagon jumper
He's not even from Buffalo, he's on here in Rochester
Yeah
And even the people there would call up
We'd get calls from people in Rochester saying don't believe anybody's a phony
He's just trying to exploit the situation
The first year he came down here he never even had the balls because we exposed him on the air
For being the phony that he is
And a lot of people start getting very irate and making idle and not so veiled threats to him
He didn't have the balls to leave the hotel room, he watched the game in his hotel
On television
He never got on your show and you never had a...
You know we had him on the air a couple of times
Yeah
Oh listen, that's a thank you
He's in the perfect market for him
Have a great day pal
So yeah, open line and a brow at 524 and a green line 18944
The only problem I got here, let's see I do, I got a spoon
I got too much, we got to get the news on for about 25 minutes
So I can finish eating all of this
Come on Adam dig in man
