10 Man's Edge I F***''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
610 WIOG.
This sweaty and my butt cheeks tight
It's this Ebola.
Ebola.
Brachome.
Now I know the bug is over as I hear
Gonna bring it to America in my room
Brachome.
I'm driving so slow that they're big and brown
Gonna move the jewellery edge till I'm under cry
I'll stay wasted that kid
See energy, God it's only just who will see it's Ebola
Alright.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Oh, life
I know the fun is over inside here
Gonna bring it to America if I wish
Rack on gravity though that they're big and round
Gonna move the joy at till I underground
Well, I'm not the most intellectual guy
But I know one thing
Up on my guitar you get it
Bola that's fucking bitch
Bola bola bola bola bola
Bola bola bola bola
Bola bola
Okay, happy Labor Day here we go
It's gonna be a tremendous four hours
It's gonna zip by like stuff through a mitt and I guarantee you that right now all this fear over a goddamn dead pussy cat
What the hell is wrong with these people around here?
Power for the course is this the same company where we had more crap in the vents here for like 30 years
We had stuff that was growing in there which even on at alien autopsy thing they never found stuff like that
Just every kind of mong and mold and mildew and garbage in the vents people sick choking and puking
And until we threatened to get OSHA involved in this the occupational safety hazard administration until we threatened to get them
Down on the ass of Cox broadcasting they couldn't give a crap less because it wasn't financially expedited at this time to worry about the health of our employees
But Rick and suds put a dead cat a dead pussy in the freezer
And right away we got people running around here in tears
We got one of them I don't want to mention Cirrus name on the air that fucking bitch
But she's in tears she's having a nervous breakdown because there's a dead ends in Jennifer ram who I hear I mean Jennifer
Talk about somebody that I thought was really and maybe it's just you know here's the same person who says
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob
How do you like that and she's worried about a dead cat in the freezer?
This is the same Jennifer who says can beat that gator meat boy
So there a little bit out of sorts around here, but that's the way it goes. Okay. I mean just uh no sense of humor
Everybody very uptight
So the dolphins played a girl school yesterday of girls team and they came out on top big time 52 to 14
What's everybody talking about today a punch over to the sports station?
You know the two or three people who were calling which ends about it
They're talking about their hurricanes getting a crap beat out of mid UCLA
What a shame, huh? In fact a couple are really tough breaks over the weekend. No, they're damn
Oh, yes
Oh my god. I saw the end of that game the last a few minutes of that game
And of course you just had that feeling that touchdown
Jesus was just about to pull the other one out of his ass and he dropped it something happened and he forgot about it
And the clock just ran out and Lou Holtz was standing there with a sour push on the sidelines
Man, I'm not sure which was better the hurricanes getting their ass whipped at UCLA or Notre Dame getting beat by a girl school north Western
Oh, man, let's take a vote on that okay, and boy you talk about ugly
You talk about ugly. Can you imagine what's gonna happen with the hurricanes travel up to a tallahassee in a couple of weeks and what FSU is gonna do to Miami?
I wonder how Luther Campbell feels now that he's blackmailed this team and a put in that kid there in quarterback who can't even play on a
I guarantee a Shannon thought they couldn't do the better job with her hands tied behind her back
even with that ugly pusher hers
So anyway 751 W.I.O.D. and Dave. I'm sure we're gonna get a lot of calls all the dolphin fans jumping right on that bandwagon today
We're really the best look at that 52 points against the worst team in the league
That's right. That was a good confidence builder
It's called building up a false sense of confidence getting ready for the big fall as in next week
The patriots of course coming from behind in dramatic style 19. Yeah seconds left in a game
blood so 30 out of 47
306 yards
What's really gonna get people warned is that all of a sudden they got a running back all of a sudden they got a running back
The patriots have got a running game. Okay
102 yards for this kid the Curtis Martin is in his name. I don't even know what that was name is
102 yards. I told you baby
102 yards for the rookie Curtis Martin on the ground
And they played a real team. That's the only difference. But hey, we'll find out
Think of us as mutant jeans looking for a new target organ every day
But you know, I'm fabulous with fabulous tips for life
You know, the size of a man's genitals is not important
Unless you're going to have sex with him
That is my tip for love and I am Fabio
Thanks to the tip Fabio on second thought keep it 1016 at WIOD our first call of the holiday
It's gonna be great for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil how are you? Okay?
Hey, I was watching the game yesterday and which game is that? The dolphin game. Yes
You haven't catch what Marv Albert said about Irving prior. Didn't see it. I wasn't there. I was out of town this weekend
Oh, well, he said the Irving prior. He came in or Jane minister during the office season
And he said that he had performed a warning ceremony on keep fires
With the way he said it was that he married keep fires. Yeah, and the two of Mario Loping with Louis Oliver
Yeah, it's amazing in it
Incredible only on a dolphins man
It all says everything about the dolphins and ministry everything
Yeah, okay, thanks for the good news
So friar tuck is that his new name now or what
Two open lines in date 751 WIOD that purple line of courses wide open cellular one pound IOD
Broward naturally. It's too early in the show. We don't want to get them two open lines in Broward five two four nine four six three and the two green lines
Miami dolphin linebacker Chris singleton will be the sports talk six ten guests tonight tonight sports talk six ten at flanagons in North Miami on
North East under 25th Street just west of which the with with the dexie highway go on over there and see a D-fo and manage
It's one of the rare opportunities to hear D-fo live on the station
Here's a lady in the cables. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am happy Labor Day in back to you
You have a sense of humor, right? Yeah, how would you like it if one of those guys that bring you lunch would
Bring you a dead cat
Do you think that would be funny? I feel sorry for Phil. He is a genius. What do you mean you feel sorry for Phil? In other words you really think Phil is upset about that?
I am I mean when he know he but he's not upset so in other words
You're buying into something that Phil is telling you want to hear again. How long do you have to listen before you want to stand?
He had to send you a telegram personal to your house. I've listened to you. He's not upset about a frozen cat
He got a frozen cat with a birthday cake. That is bad. Why is that?
That's just not nice. You wouldn't like it with you
We thought they could come up with you but would you like if somebody laid a dead cat beside it? No
How do you know they laid it beside it? Because he said it was beside the cake and they had to throw the cake away
Maybe he was beside himself. Maybe somebody ought to buy him a birthday cake and really celebrate
Yeah, why don't you come on over this afternoon and make a little whoopie with him. It sounds like you're
You don't know how you don't know how I would like to I tried to
I want a kid. I think he said
Phil Henry is a kid. Oh, I just celebrated 63rd birthday. I don't care. It could be a hundred
Have you ever seen Mark Barking Croft on our sports craft? That's not fair
It's not
You tell him that yeah, but let me say something for let me say something. Yeah, I know
I'll do that. Yeah, I've I asked him to bring me an A's tray for Minneapolis. He'll know who I am. Yeah
But he doesn't really know that kind of monkey around with some old bag like you. Are you crazy? Oh
Yeah, you sound old. How old do you think I am? I'm just nervous. I'm never
How do you like to be about 57?
57. I wish. Yeah, you wish. Yeah, 67
Right on the bus. 70. You're 67. Yes, I am. Yeah, I told you you're an old bag. I told you I was too old for anything else
I want to adopt him and nothing's happening that's fucking bitch
Really, I'm not no bitch either. I just love Phil and you do too
And you know that hurt me when he had a birthday cake with a dead cap aside
Well, why don't you come around and over we'll give you a title
We'll give you a desk. We'll give you your own orifice you can be in management
Make him a cake if he'd come and get it. I'd bake him one
Okay, if I knew you were coming at a baked you a dead pussy
Okay, honey have a nice day
Okay, warm up that pocket rocket sweetheart. We have all the day lines wide open 751
What did I tell you this is what they're excited about a goddamn frozen dead cat
It was a cat that just died it died
And died it died probably was too fat. Can we see a fat cat?
It was a fat cat and it died and that's it. That's the end of the story, okay
And they brought it over here in a
Shmata and they stuck it in the freezer to hang on do to give Phil I mean
It's more than most of us get
On my 400th anniversary on year and Miami. I get a card from my mother
I get one card. It's from my mother
They don't care enough to send their very best or even are very worse. They don't care to send you anything
I remember when Phil Henrietta's one year anniversary on year in his town and he comes on he had he had a card
It wasn't even from his mother
It was like from some probably from this bitch out there that you don't want nothing to do with this desperate
Desperado
Desperatus and how come nobody's talking about that great freedom flotilla get on the weekend
I don't get it. This is the big news story here people talking about a bunch of silly football game
man
One of these people ever gonna learn if they're not out in the Everglades shooting themselves in the foot
If they're not out there under thing getting their toe chopped off they seem to have a foot fetish
Maybe that's what it is. It's always some foot problem
And in this time there was one guy who drowned he died
He died he died
And there was like no life rafts on his little under there's a bad handful of these so-called exiles and they keep running out there
Did you see them trying to scramble up back on top of the boat with the their pants falling and their big fat the ass hanging out there
That was that was really classy man
When you people gonna understand you're making fools out of yourselves. You're making monkeys out of yourselves
How about our frozen monkey in the freezer next time
Man oh man oh man in the rest of the world is watching oh here's Miami again. They're uh, they're putting their best feet forward
Put your foot out there all right
610 W I O D
News to keep you informed talk to make you laugh your ass off
You know
Ladies and gentlemen
Please welcome the two newest New York Yankees
Darrell strawberry
I'm the doctor good in it and their personal coach
Steve
How
How
That good in the wind up the straw man snorts the lineup. He's drooling like a dog who heard a bell
All right, he's high as a lab rat from smoking the crack at a bat
He doesn't like cocaine just likes the way it smells
snort and a ball
Starrels rolling up the 20s, North and A ball and he's given good and planning they lick the 20 dollar bill
Their teeth are grinding like a peppermills
doing a balls
Out the hole in pills
Steve how is in the bullpen his nostrils are wide open
He's so
Okay, he gets advice from doc and doc prescribed some rock
So first he blew a line and then he blew to save snort and A ball say abused a magic powder snort and A ball sprinkle it on their clam chowder
Prescriptions got the pet you will refill
They do it in the pool if they had gills
Going
Out the hole in pills
All that money
Where I'll explode
I like to welcome you all aboard as your manager
Okay, 10 28 that's what they all are high that's what the Yankees are winning every day
How about those angels by the way in a row and counting hey you don't care about sports
It's just one of those things that it's a good diversion three open lines in date of course that's all of them
7519 463 and a purple cellular one line which we had a very important traffic report from four-letter
On a purple line so important they didn't hang on even though we're paying for it on the
AT&T wireless line, whatever it is for a lottery. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Okay? Happy Labor Day and back to you great football weekend
Was it love seeing Notre Dame lose oh man?
Was one of the great moments of my life to a girl school no less to North Western which never wins oh and they beat up on them every year
And the tide has been turned yes
Loved it and it was great because I'm a seminal fan and we kicked major ass. Oh wait 70 to 26 over Duke
I would say that they're gonna score over 100 points against you M. Oh, oh and the only thing better than seeing you
M lose was getting the boo their band out yesterday at the dolphins game
Their band was there their band was there and they played when a man loved the woman
Yeah, and I thought that was major tacky when a man loves a woman at a football game
Maybe Wayne had something to do with this was Perthy Thlegs there or what oh
What what is that mean? I mean, I don't know
Maybe it was better than all those stupid marches those teams always those bands always playing. Oh
I think
Bob
From the floor from that pop pop you know what I'm talking about pop pop pop pop. Oh, I hate I hate college marching bands man
They make me sick. I mean, maybe they'd be alright if they place something different like maybe when a man loved a woman
Oh, I know it you see L.A. Band was playing iron man by Ozzy Osborne
Really yeah, well, that's that's L.A. You know, they're all stone out of their minds. Oh, I know
They probably didn't know not not in Miami. Oh, no, no, no the reason that everybody's in mind the only people in Miami
Stone are the you and football team because they got all the drugs wrapped up
They got the good connections with Luther
And
Days of our lives is gonna be hot today. Is he gonna be on today? Austin's gonna be on there and his real name is Austin too
It is yep, and he replaces the old Austin. He's on Melrose and you boy
I would like to spend the Labor Day holiday weekend in Austin. It wouldn't be much of a labor
It would be easy God almighty am I right or what he's great? How long has he been on that show?
Just a few months actually
They always have the best guys on that show and actually days of our lives has more sex and violence than any other soap on TV
All right
Great now we're talking. I've been watching it for 10 years next month. Let's give the people what they want. Oh, we want it
We want it bad. Okay. Well, you have a great day. I'll be watching you just made my day. All right. Thanks. Take care. Bye-bye
So we have two open lines of date
It's gonna be a real battle here today. How is that when you folks are trying to tell me that's what Rick said
He said it was brutal, but what makes that different money?
Stana Halala Hazel from any other day. He asked
751 W I O D. I can't imagine why we don't have all those doll fans on here jumping on the bandwagon
Hey, we kicked some ass. Yeah, but you'll play the girls team. Okay. I mean, that's a great start 52 to 14
They were just the sharpest attack. They were running up and down at field. They were like Danny Boy was going nuts
And I did the get back in time here the end of the game on radio that's him for man
He's got the personality of a dead man. You know what man
He is and what happened to mandates did they tone him down or something?
He really did he sounded like Mercedes-Makame bridge. It was like a throttled
Right
Well, what is that? I don't get it. I think they've you know, we don't want them get carried away
Don't get too excited and then the rumors were which I wasn't here
I was out of town over the weekend didn't happen to hear the UM game on I and Z
And also they're carrying it on a light bulb is that true?
They're carrying on a light bulb so that they can because they have no brown or signal tonight
Well, whatever the deal was and from what I understand rumors about sunny having little technical problems out there
Poor sunny nice guy, but boys. He got a route that he got involved with them
He thinks that this place is screwed up which it is
But boy wait till he finds out what buddy but Paxons all about and I sure hope he catches that
He gets the check up front get the money out front when you work for buddy Paxon just ask suds and me. We'll tell you
Here's plantation. Hello the morning Neil. How you doing today? Okay, sir?
Happy Labor Day and back to you so the rules and fraction committee said the two million dollars that Dan Marino made
There was nothing wrong. It wasn't illegal. It was okay. No, that isn't what they said. That's not what they said
What did they say they said that's from the standpoint of the NFL right that he didn't violate any league policy
That doesn't make it legal in the culture
He didn't I'm sorry. He didn't violate any league policy. Right. That's right isn't down Shula part of the rules and fraction
Committee and all that stuff. Yeah. Okay. They probably just changed the rule over the weekend. I love your questions. Yeah
That's all I wanted to know. Okay, pal. Thank you, sir. See ya
Yeah, he's absolved of any wrongdoing. I mean insider trading. I mean outside of the NFL
It's illegal but inside the NFL get whatever you can. That's what it's all about. That's the message
751 W.I.O.D
We have two open lines in date to enbroward 524 one on a purple line
What are you expecting people to be called today? It's Labor Day. It's beautiful. It's gonna be 90 degrees
The sun is shining. They're out in their boats. They're out there puffing away. Whatever they're doing
So leave these poor bastards alone. Okay. They got nothing to say of course
If I was to play that goddamn stupid dolphin fight song then they would get all worked up to a frenzy, huh?
Here we go
Let's hop back on that badwagon for the big win
Miami has the dolphins the greatest football team
Oh, we take the ball from Golden Gold like no one's ever seen. All right. I can't stand it
So let's continue. Let's just fumble our way along before you know it will be time for lunch
Is there anybody open today on Labor Day? I would imagine this is the kind of day there are different kinds of holidays
There are those holidays that are like
When everybody gets let out for you know like Christmas day that either have religious significance or you feel guilty
You need to let everybody go home and to do their thing with their family and then there are other holidays that are have over the last several years
Become like real bonanzas for businesses where they have their big Labor Day sales
So aren't like a lot of places open today or am I wrong?
Huh are the shopping malls close today or what?
They're open right we wrote them all yesterday and one lady was telling another old lady who was asking that they were gonna
Be open it from 8 a.m. To like nine. Oh, sure
I mean there I mean there's a lot of people out there that got time to spend their money today go out and spend the money help the
God damn economy okay send a little over here in a brown paper sack and some money to
Here's Palm Beach hello, Neil. Yes, sir happy Labor Day to you and back to you at the game yesterday
They keep trying to do the wave all the time Neil. They're waving aggravating. Yeah, I hate the wave. I mean it's disgraceful
jeez these fans
But the greatest weekend in football I couldn't know which was better Notre Dame or Miami getting
That's a tough call. It's a really tough call. I mean to see two of these anxious sports teams two of these grotesque
Whatever the hell you want to call them both get dumped in a tank
I think Miami getting me 31 to 8 though. That was special. Yeah, but 31 to 8
You hate both themes, but you know you got to hate Lou Holtz
But you're forgetting you're forgetting something else what guess who else got his ass handed to a mono platter yesterday in Seattle
Oh, yeah, that was great. He was Dennis. Dennis give me a drink here. I said hey
Oh my god, how do you like that huh? You think you had a couple of drinks after I wouldn't be surprised
He's probably he's probably down on a few right now
And then the top of the night off was Mark Barkingcroft on sports rap huh? You see that boy that was great
How about Amy? I didn't get to listen last week
But the greatest call in Philhundry history was a week ago Friday when the guy called in looking for Manditch and they were talking about Bob greasy
Yeah, yeah, yes, I did great is calling the history of Philhundry
It the grace call in the history of the human right in the history of phones. They were I mean you were saying you got to get the slacks and the sport jacket
Yeah, we're gonna have the charity function for the you know something if Rick and suds
What have been thinking they could have saved the dead cat for a greasy exactly
Probably would have made a nice holiday meal have a great life
Okay, two open lines on the blue lines five two four nine four six three and Broward five two four
W I O D yeah, this will tie this over for about another four weeks this football stuff and then of course hockey will start
We'll get into a real sport with real men and real excitement and you know, we won't have to worry too much about this stuff
And some of those shows. Oh my god, you know
I used to really like Chris Burman on ESPN. He was a very funny guy
But you know something when you take something that's good in small doses
And you try to like make it into a big deal. You try to spread it out
It's just uh don't make it and they're trying so hard on that ESPN show to be funny
They're not
It's the same with ESPN radio where they're all sitting around with a feather up the race laughing and puking and carrying on about
Stuff that isn't even remotely amusing much less, uh, you know fall down laughing funny
And they got the sterling sharp on here now who's you know he uh can speak but that's basically he's got nothing to say
And they're throwing a ball back and forth and it's like uh, you know
They're trying to outdo Fox now everybody's trying to outdo Fox and Fox of course put themselves in a leak of their own
With that stupid the preseason show that followed the alien autopsy the other night
juvenile
Pathetic the one with the madden and the summer all the little kids on there tragic
I nothing to do with football then they bring out Terry god damn Bradshaw
Who doesn't have to try to be a jackass because he already is one
How about those how about those teams that just squeaked by yesterday boy like Atlanta and over time no less to be the girls team
And the Steelers just barely squeaking by and the Lions getting beat
I'll tell you one thing yesterday of now Benny blades his team lost the Lions and Brian blades out there in Seattle
Oh
I guess he's not jumping high enough and running fast enough
Here's Miami hello
Neil yes sir how happy later ready and back to you um listen
Yesterday was so interesting to watch uh
New Orleans almost kill
San Francisco no they didn't well they almost did no they didn't they were
Dominating that gave it a shot that's always a tough game especially in the
Orleans always compared to the champions they always played the 49ers tough always
Well also um in addition to which you notice when the guy recovered that fumble for the 49ers at the end of the game
Yeah, any kind of like drop the ball they were yelling at them from behind don't screw up the point spread okay
See the point spread on again the only one by two so they do the spread yeah
And also ricky waters is uh fellow Delta Eagles didn't come by yesterday either yeah, they were nice um
But I got to tell you man. I mean rich co-tites speaking of the Eagles
He screwed up that team entirely and now he goes to the jets and now if they win two games this year
I think they'll be lucky they were absolutely fun. They are abysmal
But let me tell you something it was important for us to pay such a girl school yesterday
I mean I'm a hardcore dolphin fan and I think it was something that we needed to do just to gel
I mean it you know
Damarino again the point everybody in to believe in that this is the year get everybody talking to big talk right no
I'm gonna say it's gonna be the year but I'm so happy
We've got weapons and I think if we just gel that's you know that's key
I mean our defense is about to come together. Yeah, I'm glad you know that
Carcson there again. I mean that was pretty scary last week
But uh, I don't know I was pretty happy with everything that turned out. I mean the score was you know was pretty
Pretty cool, I guess yeah
I'm out of material deal. Okay, good luck to pal
You know so they sound like they're trying to talk themselves into it. Well, okay. It was a good start though
You know a win is a win if you're playing a guy if you're playing vassier a win is a win
As long as somebody believes that
The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on wio v are not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors
All wio v programs are copyright 1995 by wio d incorporated
No tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of wio d
Incorporated so mark ferman says a 1042 at wio d here's pompato beach hello
Uncle me. Why are you working on labor day? What do you mean because these are a bunch of inseparable bastards?
And this is ridiculous. There are any addition to which I'm going on vacation later in the weekend would look bad not to be here
You know what I'm saying? Well, that is true. Did you see you went away this weekend? Yes? How would you go to Toronto
Toronto yes, okay, good. Hey, why are you writing a book? No, but you make you win on vacation
I did not go on vacation. I went away for one day. Well, hey for one day
Look, I went away this week and I went to Tampa, Sarasota
Getting out of here every weekend every every possible moment to me is the greatest thing in the world
I hear you learning I look forward to two weeks from tomorrow. I'm on my waiting New Zealand for five weeks great
I'm the guy that called you for a few months ago
I'm gonna get a few of my friends that are also nearly that a witness we're gonna report back into here
There's a casino at the hotel. We're staying at but I've got a lot more to do in New Zealand than go to a casino
I was curious if anybody got stuck in the traffic problem down in
Uh dolphin land yesterday because I was out of town and I've written the paper that it was pretty much of a mess
They had a traffic problem and a parking problem
I'm on the concept the park really the parking problem obviously people were going by empty lots
And then they got to the stadium people had parking passes and they got to the uh stadium
We're told to turn around and go back past call during everything
So I don't know
Common sense strikes again sure makes me feel a lot better. Well have a great time pal. Okay, bye-bye
Okay, open lines all over the place day at seven five one, but we got even a bad line ringing hello
Who the hell who keeps calling on a bad line
Who was that?
Defoe was the one that kept calling before but I don't know who that was what tell us he won
Earlier it was uh why is there really such a person there isn't his life on tape and if he doesn't stop typing out those goddamn monologues
Man, I'm telling you defo. I'm serious. I'm telling you this is a friend marginal friend, but as a friend those
monologues. Oh my god. Okay, where we going to uh, we just did that
To a point and beach hello. Hello, Lord
As how are you today? Yeah
Let's go to a western on a purple line. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? Okay. I want to ask you a question
You know, you know, uh, whatever happened with his health care system. We were never we're supposed to get
What are you talking about? I'm talking about the fact that I had a circumcision that's where you call me W-I-O-D
I'm from the top of the producer
Who's this? It's top secret
Top secret what?
What the hell is that
Some asshole on the bat line is uh, what is that?
Trying to talk to his producer who the hell is he thinking was talking to 751 okay, this is gonna be uh
We'll play all the bits is that it we don't have time to do that though. We got spots for some unknown reason look at that phone
Better grab this one while we got last call today. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Not much
Yeah, uh do you want to reconcred earlier today? Yes, would you uh
How I got to spend it oh
My god, so we got another it's the same four people that are gonna be called over and over
Yeah, I did hear how he were suspended and then was boring then it's gonna be I thought he was supposed to go back to school someday
Like even on a holiday would be good for practice. Okay. Get out of here. You same three or four people with no lives
Let's have a few different people with no lives. There should be no shortage of that here
751 W-I-O-D in date five two four and brown one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three on the green lines my god
You come back here you think this town was dead or something
And how about that flow tell off?
How about those freedom fighters out there those courageous freedom fighters on their way to liberate their country
Have a little bit of a problem on the way just a little bit of a goddamn problem and man overboard. Okay. What am I gonna tell you?
Nobody cares about these things laughing stock of the world right here. You're looking at it. You're in it. You're smelling it right here
W-I-O-D the purple line. I'd like to talk to Neil speaking sir. Oh, Neil. How are you? Okay? Yeah, just get back from
Boston mass. Yes, and
You have eaten in brigands many years ago many many times what ice cream. Yeah, that's unbelievable
And uh somebody told me that they have it an extra down here. They have what?
Briggum's ice cream never heard of that
I don't know that's what they said. I don't think so. I think they're bogey. I think they're yanking now
You take so you did that or I would go over here and check it out
That's right. That's right. That's where I'm headed right now. Okay. Good luck to pal. Thanks a lot. Okay
There's a guy's going to extra right now. He's got something to do on his holiday
He's going to extra to see if they got brigams ice cream. All right. That's Miami for you. All right on a holidays
What are we gonna do? We're not gonna go out in our yacht because we don't have a yacht
We're not gonna go out and play golf or tennis. We can do that almost any day of the year
We're gonna go to brigams and see if they have extra
Open line on the green line 18944. Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello
Yes, sir. Okay
Happy Labor Day. I am laboring as well. I'm on my way to it
Just one quick note. I want to touch on my stuff open today or what stores are open malls what?
Yeah, I'm an insurance salesman up at the West Palm Auto Mall. So I'm going up there to make some deals today. Okay
I just want to touch based on one quick thing and I know you're not or
I know you don't lead on to be a big fan of the mad dog man
That's and I take it. What do you mean by that? Well, I listen to you show quite regularly
I'm not either a man of his I just don't wait a minute don't say either when did you when did I ever say I wasn't the big fan of
Amanda see what you're trying to do is put words in my mouth so that we can agree now
Why do all colors want to twist the host around their point of view?
Why can't we just admit that I like manage and you hate them?
You like man. This and I hate them. Okay, sir enough. We agree on that much at least
When I just wanted to touch base with was that jackass
I'm a jack man and I know that's not many people have
Yeah, I think of that today, but I would take up something different if I were you because I got news for if you win one game this year
It'll be a miracle. It's a girls team. It's a joke. Yeah, you're very very right. I agree with that
I'll top of it. I'm a match fan. So you know what kind of seasons I'm in for I've been used to this for quite some time
Yeah, but anyway, I just had an opportunity to have a work yesterday
So unfortunately I had to listen to the mad dog announcing the game yesterday. Yeah
I think I's pretty much of a kiss at to say the least. I mean he jumps to bandwagon
I will listen to the preseason games
When eight dolphins weren't playing very well and although they scored a lot of points yesterday
They had a couple of a couple of mistakes also, but they look pretty decent. Yeah, I'd win the jets right and so would anybody else
Exactly exactly, but I just like to say if you don't mind that like to call Jim man dog man that
Quite a flaming ass hole
See that man's a freak. Yeah, that's it. I just had to get it off my chest. Okay pal. Okay. We'll see what you get your date. Okay
610 W I O D still the central characters of Larry King's nightmares
I've just seen the most disgusting thing. I just I'm getting my set all warmed up
Okay to make sure it's on the right channel here because she talked about the days of our lives
I flip over to channel four they got the mda telephone on here now
And I could be wrong, but I have a stinking sinking feeling and a pit of my heart that this is going to be on here all day long
And they're going to be preempting all the network programming
Unbelievable absolutely unacceptable channel four rots. I hope that they when they moved to channel six next Sunday
I hope their signal is down like about 10 watts
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach is gone. Okay. Like I said they're gone. Here's Pemberg Pines. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going buddy? Okay, pal. All right. I was a decent weekend
I went up the uh the citrus bowl. That's pretty nice
Yeah, I've never been there before you're been there. No, I have not pretty nice stadium. Yeah, you know for
You know what they use it for anyway. Yes. It's got them bleach your type seats. You know what I mean
Not too great on the back. Yeah kind of like the orange bowl where you sit on cement right
Yeah kind of like that exactly. Well, they have a separate hemorrhoid concession. Yeah
Yeah, um, yeah, one of my teams did good. We did some pound them
I went to that Florida state game and they came home for a nice ass beating by the dolphins
My ass is still killing me. Yeah, we'll see what happens. I know I don't think we're a ghost team now. We're just young
Boomer the jets are pathetic. Oh, well, she's where you are rich. Coat tide is going to drive that franchise into oblivion
That was not the coach. I wanted huh? That wasn't the coach. That's not the coach anybody wanted
I don't know what makes them think if he if he doesn't succeed somewhere
What makes them think I wouldn't be surprised next season they moved to Trenton
I'm telling you don't be too surprised. That's where they belong this team. Well, how about Balexie
There you go. I think that it may even work out better. Okay, pal. Hey, Neil
Yeah, do me a quick favor. Yeah. Okay. Um, I want to hear yeah
The cats in the cattle
Cats in the cattle that's an I know I know what it is. Okay, take a bye. Bye. Okay. It's an error ain't it? It's uh, not at the end
It's what it might be in there, but it
Inward in there. No, we never put it in there. Why don't we put a piece of crap like that in here
We do have this though
I'm not playing this, but it's just you know, I'll play this thing. Okay, but this is kind of cute
And it fits in when they're frozen pussy in the freezer too is a matter of fact
Wouldn't you know some old bag 60 70-year-old bag. She's got the hots for a feel Henry and she's all upset
Then he had a throwaway is birthday cake because there was a frozen cat alongside of it
Oh
So yesterday they're a huck in a china well all weekend long about the opening of the rock and roll hall of fame in Cleveland
So in yesterday, I was gonna bring it in, but I was so angry I threw it out
Because otherwise I would have brought it in and I really would have gone nuts
They had the list. Did you see that of all these people's favorite songs which was the best rock and roll song of all time
And the consensus of the Sun Sentinel audience was stairway to heaven
What that always wins anytime to take a survey like that
Why these right honor always has that's not even in the running. It's not even it's not even in the running
And so they asked
DJs like Ricky Tiki Rick Shaw and some of these other in sunny fox and and they took this pull and guess who else they asked
Aaron Summers now what the hell is she got to do with music? What music is she playing on that show?
But they've got this incestuous relationship probably that uh die cove at the Sun Sentinel is the one that wrote that the piece
And maybe that's what she's looking for is a piece, but anyway
And whatever it was that Aaron came up with maybe somebody still got yesterday's ragly and around somewhere and the paper too
But it was some non-descript bizarre marginal like most of the songs that they were naming
Marginal crap
Like L. Chio the hitman a while and a hundred he came up with some other pre-like I think the 1910 fruit gum company something really weak
I mean when you're talking about the best rock and roll song of all time now Johnny dork he came up with satisfaction
Which uh, you know, I don't think so
But for Johnny that was pretty good
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach hello. Hey Nail. Yes, sir. Yeah, I love your program. Yeah
I just got one. What's not like? I've got I've got one comment. Yeah, let me offend. That's what's not the like okay
You can see watching a ballgame or something now and then but man some of these guys need to get alive
I think they know more about some of these football players crib and they know about them
That is their lives don't you understand it? That's why they're so obsessed with Dion neon Dion primetime maybe because they're in the joc
world
This is a scape for a man. That's what's all about. That's where it's at
That's what's wrong with America. They're all bunch of spectators. They're all bunch of sheep
Just watching other people
That's right. Go out there and find a life. Go out there and do something get off your ass
That's right
Right
Amen
I got on a plane. I got there a lot of here this weekend
That's what I did. I didn't just sit around watching a bunch of stupid ball games
Yeah, but it's the same anyway, right? By the way, you see Buffalo loosed it in for last time
Okay pal have a great life. Yeah, have a great holiday. There's a guy's got a life
He's out there doing stuff. Maybe he's doing people
But anyway last night. Oh my god that what how am I forgetting?
Notre Dame gets killed the Patriots pulling out with 19 seconds left
They win the hurricanes they get their ass handed to him out of god their plate
It was unbelievable and Buffalo blows and soda the bill
Man
Notre Dame the hurricanes and the Buffalo bills all in the same weekend
I brought you a Brad Bougare Belmotti is foaming at the mouth about that
I'm telling you Denver. I mean Denver is uh, you know, Elway look pretty good last time
I got to confess that he looked pretty good for an old guy who's long in the tooth
He's got teeth that haven't been invented yet
But uh, we're gonna get this empty anything all day long now that she's got me all worked up about the young this uh
What about the young and the hornies that at least gonna be on her they got some stupid thing going on there
Okay, why doesn't everybody just write them a check and say please put on the soaps and get ready your telephon and if you
Go away. We'll send you we promised to send you a bag of money
Poppano hello, and he'll how you doing? This is doc. Yes, sir
Um a couple of things here. I don't know did you get yesterday's paper by?
By the way understand Andy Calb was very upset about the afrozen can also little humorless Andy Calb
Who if they start riots in overtown on the Phil Henry show god that was really a funny bit Phil
But if we got a frozen cat in a freezer that wasn't funny at all pretty true
That is true. Did you happen to see the pregame warm up on Fox yesterday where they did an interview with Jerry
No, that was great and they asked him a bunch of stuff and he was very level headed
He said he wanted to accomplish all these titles and he wasn't gonna be self Jerry rice is great
He is and then at the end they asked mr. Brown to ask them one of their favorite question was about loyalty to teams
Yeah, and he said he stayed with the 49ers for the rest of his career and all right
There you go. I thought I rest my case
I heard that I class act class team and by the way, you know Steve young headed tremendous day yesterday
phenomenal day
Okay
Yeah, trust me if my ego's got rid of them the judge don't want to me there that's for damn sure okay
And one more thing closing yes, we're already like 15 seconds past for the news. They're gonna stay
We're gonna get some reconstruction male sports. Well, you that tune if they smell and bitch. She don't belong in it
Who carry rock? Oh, she knows nothing about the she wouldn't know a sport if they shoved it down her push
But anyway, so I was gonna say before we got a lot look they go over two minutes on a morning show
Okay, what are you getting nervous about the longer before we go into the news the longer before we come back look at it that way okay
It's just take your time. So like I said number one Steve young number two drew blood so soon to be number one
And then he boy, he's a number three. Okay, you're a good guy Danny, but you couldn't touch there
Yeah, like hell we do 610 W I O D my Emmy for about that head news talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O D
Powerful and dangerous
Good morning at 11 o'clock. This is Jennifer Ram news talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O D
87 degrees right now next news update 12 o'clock. So you were really upset about that dead can't were you Jennifer?
The lotons at once I'm getting a wrap about a frozen can of freezer where you news talk radio 610 Jennifer
W you want to read up set where you didn't call the SP the DCA I Luis Miguel play it baby. The fucking bitch
Come on
W I O D after 21 years at 16 albums the grandaddies of punk rock are trading in their leather coats for flannel pajamas
It's rock and roll nursing home but farewell CD from the legendary speed metal quartet that made punk all those famous
Realty
You'll also hear great songs like it's him to have a replacement hit
Making stare and there's soon to be classic. I want some happy yoga please
Rock and roll nursing home the guitar gilded goodbye from the pioneers of punk. It rocks so hard. It'll make you have to sit down
Rock and roll nursing home on polydent record
In a bob Dylan sure looking good isn't they forgot it's 125 years old man. Oh man. How long and then Jerry Lee Lewis
I wish somebody would yell up hey Jerry. How's your young wife doing
He kills me that Jerry Lee Lewis
So anyway, we have an open line in date 751 ballroom blitz rhymes with it gives me the uh fits
With the song that Aaron Summers picked the greatest rock and roll song of all time ballroom blitz
Leaving to her to pick something with the word ball in it. See that's that's what that's all about
You notice how she subliminally everything she does. She turns into a sexual thing
Here's somebody who knows the words at who's got the paper I guess hello ever have ever heard of ballroom blitz
What a piece of crap that is all right rickshaw yes rock around the clock see rickshaw would pick something corny like that
We're not we're not asking for the oldest rock and roll hit we're asking for the best song anybody that would pick
Rock around a clock as the best rock song of all time
Would have to have like a dust under his cap and you've got Bobby Mitchell angry young man by your favorite Billy Joel. Oh
Oh
Sunny Fox
That was for Billy Joel not you sonny not yet
Sunny Fox at the hop
Well, I mean at least that's something you can consider yeah, you can consider
I Kimba Lord of the thighs which I don't think I don't know if you ever saw that bitch if you ever saw she
She's got thighs on her mind her own big thighs mark Taylor mid-day host at love 94 sweet Melissa the almond brothers band. Oh, yeah, right
Run shingha on jale house rock
I mean if you're gonna pick an Elvis Presley song wouldn't you think of like many others?
See I don't think they were asking people for their favorite song were they doesn't the thing say they're asking for the best rock and roll song about that
Classic rock and roll. Yeah, jale house rock and then Paul Casuanovo this figure
Oh, this ought to be good. Yeah, free bird Leonard Skinner. Oh, oh
Honduras terminal song and if you were to pick a Leonard Skinner song wouldn't you pick sweet home Alabama if you were gonna be one of those red
Next, yeah, there's sunny from the market. Maybe we can get sunny back in a wrestling again free bird. Yeah, I'll go
Oh, Chio the hitman. I remember with something really innocuous and pig to the night by Benny bar donut. Oh, yeah
Benny bar donuts the greatest rock song of all time. Oh my god, Al
uh
Robert Murphy W.R.M.F end of the innocence by Don Henley. That's a good song. It's certainly not the best. Thank you, sonny go get a job
Cliff done. Don't fear the reap. Yeah, no, no, wait a minute. This is really interesting
What does it say? Here's the guy that just got canned at the light bulb and it says Cliff done W.P.B.R. Palm Beach
afternoon host
And what's the song? Don't fear the Reaper bluerster cult. Oh, yeah, there you go. Linda energy. Yeah, I'm a page Bob Seeger. Good to him
Yeah, but uh get serious Paul Valardi. Zeta muffin man Frank Zappa
Oh, geez. How much is stroked on my picture?
So it's a snaple, huh? Yeah, Simone Collins. Like the way I do Melissa Esther. Oh
Mindy Lang jailhouse rock. Yeah, Dave Summers big 106. Oh my god. December 1963. Oh, what a night. Oh, what a dyke. Yeah, that's one of my favorites
To Goldstein. I want you. I need you. I love you Elvis Presley. No good song. But not one of the go
I don't get it. I just don't understand it unless less less Howard W.A.T. you run away by Del Shannon
Yeah, that could that you know, it's one of those you could consider
Definitely not the right one though. Here's Greg Budell
Bad Moon rising creatively water. Leave it to Budell to pick first of all a song with that name because it's like right over his head like a
Albatross around your neck and the CCR nice go on Greg your consistent baby you're a loser
And Johnny dark satisfaction. Yeah
Jay Michaels something in the air thunder clap Newman now we're talking. I always knew Jay Michaels had good taste
Too bad he never played any of it on the year. Are the sun sent all said thunder clap Newman
Is that what they said? Yeah, that's right Eric Brandon
Twiston Shout
By the Isley brothers
The Beatles
He's picking Twiston Shout by the Beatles. I could see Twiston Shout the original one by the Isley brothers which the Beatles covered
I mean, but pick Twiston Shout by the Beatles is the best rock song Eric Brandon should be shot
Let's line all these DJs up. Shoot them in the lead all right
Can held host of magic do-wop shop yeah, break hotel Elvis. Yeah
Ron Brewer
Branch brown brown sugar the Rolling Stone. Yeah, that's possibility and last but certainly least Ron Hershey
She's a woman the Beatles put him on a Hershey highway, baby. So some good uh
Some good selections some marital some couple of good ones and a bunch of really bad ones
I would say ballroom blitz powders read the bottom of the air. Have heard ballroom blitz maybe they can sing it to us. Okay
Couple of quick points up for Betty Ferguson. Thank you for your uh
No life
Thanks for throwing up everybody's party. You know, she has nothing to do except just cause crap right
Reading the Sunscentle about the Cain's game which I loved as much as you oh man. I love it. They lost 31 to 8
Randall Mell right. It's the first time the Cain's had been shut out since 1977
I was
I was in where that eight points constituted a shootout. Oh, yeah, and a shootout shut out. Anything less than 60s a shutout
Last thing I'd like to say is where's the old fart that we've been hearing for years saying
I
Haven't heard of my year. He probably croaked. Happy Labor Day. See you palying. How about my angels? Oh, sorry
16 W I O D burning up phone lines all over South Florida
Neil Rogers the rocket row animal
Oh
All of the dice
She just loves to put for 69
She picks up a woman taste so fine
She's not ready. She's a die
Oh
The woman she just loves to live
She would never ever touch your
She's no lady she's a die
Oh
I try not to romance up but she just
said
Oh
She said she'd rather strap on a deal door
Oh
She's my dream girl, but it just can't be
Since I found that she is
She's no lady she's a die
I felt so sad when I finally have to leave
But she will never love me
Because I don't have a f***er
I'm a die
Oh
Oh
Oh
1117 at W.I.O.D. What's in the name right remember they had the I like Ike bumper stickers
You don't remember that but you certainly have heard about that you've seen people who got those things around right
What if Nixon would have had the same thing I like dick probably would never got elected
The last time here's Miami hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing pretty good? I don't think you're doing pretty good working on Labor Day
I'm doing great. Yeah, that's because I'm going on vacation in a couple of days for
I'm doing really great
No, it's starting lots sooner than that in a couple of days. Oh, so you're gonna be off next Monday. Yeah
Oh no wonder no wonder what it's right after
After the Patriots beat the crap out of the dolphins
No, man look this week we scored 42 points next week. No, you scored you with no you scored 52 points right 52
You said 42
Yeah, now the temperature might be 102
Your temperature might be a ridden to
Huh, yeah, they have a good team. Yeah, they have a great team. You have a really good offense
But you have no defense. Yeah, well, how come they have the Cleveland? How come they held the Browns to 14 points yesterday
Nobody would what often see your browns have huh the browns are not the dolphins
That's for damn sure
And you know what and you know what the jets are not the Browns
Why is it just faceted that we have a better team? Well guess what we're gonna make this superboard. Yes, what I guess we'll find out won't we?
Yeah, I'm allowed talk. I've been here in this talk for since 1985 10 years now
I've been here in the same trash talk every year
Now, but deep down inside you know this year we have the team. Okay, good luck. Yeah
It's obvious that you're going on vacation
Yeah, it's obvious to avoid being here for the game right okay pal
Yeah, you always look at the football schedule. You know how far in advance
I got a drawer full of plane tickets man in my house for the next seven eight months and that's no lie, baby
I plan way ahead
And as a matter of fact if I would have thought about that
I probably would want to be here to see it
But guess what I'll be somewhere where you won't be able to see it
It did a bad break because what would you rather do be on vacation someplace having a great time or see another goddamn football game
That guy to call from Palm Beach before was absolutely right
Life is more than a football game. Okay. I mean I I enjoy football
I watch my share
But life is more than just sitting on your ass watching a dumb football game. Okay, paly
Life is like getting on a goddamn raft and nearly drowning
That's what life's all about Julio get with a program
Here's Miami hello hello Neil yes
I got a fat Hankelberg spy report. Yeah on his 15 minutes of fame yesterday picking his nose on ESPN
Yeah, with those those memorable picks. Yeah, they were real memorable
All for three yesterday with a push
With a push with a push. Yeah
He's clueless. He is
He's consistent though and he's the big talent on QAM. There you go. That's why they got a one share
Open line and date 751. How come I'm choking on this lunch?
It's by the way from our friend at Stan stage jelly and sunny is our new delivery boy
Oh poor sunny sunny from the market
Not to be confused how come we're not getting those spy reports on a sunny herch
Because I understand i and z had some grotesque technical problems the other night
And it wasn't bad enough for sunny had to take that shellacking there 31 to 8
It wasn't bad enough that mark firm and referred to our team as the Huracunis
That wasn't bad enough, but adding insult to injury was the fact that
i and z has got the worst technical staff that they were clueless and it kept cutting out and you could hear every time
They thought they were what's that god damn echo in my get that out. Oh, sorry. We're out of here. Okay. The case got them all first
The test light our life it was grave
So you know things are changing the old warm is turning man the old warm is turning
It's not important that your team wins
It's more important that the teams you detest lose like the buffalo bills like Notre Dame especially and like those hurrah canes
610 W I O D learning to be humble, but not making much progress
It happens every year around labor day. I don't want it to go
I need it bad
American say goodbye to summer and it can hurt because we don't realize the dependency we have on it
I want my weedy come help me
That's where we come in we're the labor days support line the place to call when summer separation is too much
I can't face the cold. Oh you can you've got everything to live for
No, there's nothing. There's Halloween
But he's thanksgiving well and what about Christmas come on sing with me
jingle bells jingle bells
The labor day support line can help you too if you're afraid of losing your summer and becoming the cabin
Slug you turn into every winner call 1-800 summers gone, but don't call now
We're going away till next summer
Oh poor baby 11 25 at W.I.D another one of these holidays. That's become meaningless except for a day off for a lot of people and nice
Chance to go out get drunk have it you know two three dozen beers and that's what America's all about. What's wrong with that
Having some nice sales in the malls everybody get a chance to go out shopping all day go out there kill some people in the water
Oh, they had a thing was it on CBS? Where where do I see that this morning about these hovercraft?
About these punk's these kids and they're like individual. Oh my god
In fact, they even showed one of the things where it's a mammature film or some some asshole got wiped out
And then there was this other poor guy they showed ago was down there snorkeling and he came up just as the guy came zooming by
It was an ugly thing you didn't want to see it
But hey, we don't want to have no restrictions on that on a personal pleasure craft
I mean go out there and have a good time and kill a few people, okay?
Because you never know some of them might be rafters. They're expected to get killed anyway
Here's a Palm Beach Gardens. Hello. Hi Neil happy Labor Day and back to you. Whatever that means
Exactly listen just to change the subject just a second. I belong to a an adult film video club
And every month they send an interview with here one of the Starlets
Yeah, and I think you would enjoy this
Apparently after she's done filming a couple movies she goes out in dances, you know the strip point and
The question was do you ever have bad experiencing dancing?
And she says yeah, I didn't like dancing in Canada
The managers of the clubs I went to weren't very nice and treated me less than a cow
And it's not customary in Canada to tip the dancers. They don't tip
How about that? I just wanted to just you know say that you're exactly correct
Okay, paly. Okay, buddy. See you. Bye. Hey
Open line of Broward 524 we have uh did I mention good morning to Omar? I didn't say that did I?
Omar this kid who was a listener of ours and I'm on a plane yesterday coming back
Yesterday afternoon and here uh these two guys getting on a plane and he says hey, I know you and I said yeah
I said sit on my lap. He said okay. It was Omar. I signed his little thing there with the autographs and uh he was a good guy
Just shave a little bit Omar. Okay next time shave a little bit and we'll go back you and me
So anyway here's uh you're gonna be chronic. Go out there and protect somebody, will you? I'm off today
Dave the cop Jesus. Yeah, you're always off the greatest rock song of all time low spark of high heel boys
What do you think of that?
Maybe you don't think of it. I think your taste sucks. Thank you. Did you watch the uh god?
Did you watch the whole game last night?
Watch game because it's something I want to pull out. No the dolphin game. No I wasn't I wasn't here. All right
It's midway to the third quarter. You know how they have news bulletins that flash along the bottom of the screen. They're crawled
Yeah, well this is just a taste of what's gonna come just to your wear it
They start saying bulletins about Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands gonna get pounded by a massive hurricane
etc etc. by Luis
Now this is something Puerto Ricans pounded by Luis and it got a big smile on her face. Yeah
Well, this is a case for what's gonna happen with our hometown news stations
You know pumping up all the excitement in the middle of a football game
Something that there's nothing to do with us with the state of Florida at all at the very least a week away
And they're pounding, you know people in your party. Pupor Dave or spoiler fun man
Yeah, but then it makes no sense because the people really were interested in knowing about the hurricane
What are they gonna do? They're gonna turn off channel four now turn on to one of the other news
They're gonna turn on the guy dim weather channel if they have a brain which I'm watching right now
In fact, there's not a drop a rain inside. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. It's perfect
Hey, the circle be up and that's not all it's the hurricane is right? Yeah
All right, if Luis is up that means so a lot of the rest of us too. Well, thank you. Okay. How about hey, you does a great song
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay
See, uh, hey, dude, it was a long song not a great song. It was just long
And it's the only record that faded out for like three and a half minutes
Fade it out for three and a half minutes most records, you know, they get to like the last 20-30 seconds
They fade they know, that's it
But not hey, dude, it just went on and on but it was a classic because it was the Beatles, baby
That's why it was on Apple records which made the suits really like they didn't like the Beatles on capital that much
That was for punk kids that was bubble gum
But once they got their own label once they got on Apple records then everything they did was a work of art a work of genius
A lot of it was crap
I
Did like the white album. No, there was some pretty good stuff on there, you know
But none of that will ever be nominated for best rock song of all time because uh, hey, what can I tell you?
All that we can't play that rocky raccoon because we're playing too much of that uh, right?
Ha too much of that rocky music
Here's a debut. Hello Uncle Niel. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? I'm one of the guys that dropped off the bubble mice. He's Friday anyway
Uh, he dropped off one the file. Oh, well, why are you calling a bubble mice?
Do you remember he wrote that on the file and spelled it wrong? Oh, yeah, did you see that on the inline?
Really? I haven't read it yet. Let me try it really quick about it
Oh, you know something I went out this before I went away for the weekend right to the bookstore
And I bought about a half a dozen UFO books rich one book stop. Yeah. Oh, you got a one up here at the plantation in the song right right right?
Anyway, uh, I had the distinct pleasure unfortunately of being at the game yesterday everybody's talking about how great it was
Did anybody call you about the invocation in the beginning?
No, you're not going to believe this
They brought out
Reverend whoever for the to the field and he gave like this
Blessing or something to the dolphins and that everybody would be okay
And at the end of course everybody's just listening and telling me to and let the dolphins go to the Super Bowl and the freaking place went crazy
You know, I was dying over there incredible anyway, Neil. I'll talk to you later. Okay, palie
Yeah, now they're praying for the dolphins to go to the Super Bowl
That's how desperate they are see when you show that you're desperate. That's a bad sign
It's one thing to be confident. It's another thing to be desperate
Anybody out there know what it means to be desperate two open lines and date 751
We have one on a purple line pound iod
We'll be watching the young and a horny I guess come 12 30 because god damn channel four
Scott that mda telephone. I hope they raise a lot of money. It's a good cause
I don't want to sound like a communist but get the damn soaps on there for crying out loud
Every time it's a holiday and people are captive audience
Uh, they put a bunch of crap on and they put telephones on to try to squeeze money out of your pocket. I don't like being squeezed
Here's sunrise hello. Hello. Yes. I need you. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay? Good. So a friend barricola this weekend
Yeah
The convention they got a home show. Yeah, and I think it's very good idea to do the events
Yeah, and also did you hear about your manage? What do you do pay to make him a little uh plug on here?
Something no he did yeah, yeah, you did no he didn't how much you give him nothing 50
No, a couple hundred no, it was welcome by so I'm there
Because I had to get some camera stunt. I saw a manager. Yeah, he said of a doctor playing a girls team
Did he yeah, it's what they said I'm not on his show last night about it o'clock. No, he didn't
He said they were playing a girls team. Yeah, it should they weren't playing a team. Where were you to get that line?
I have no idea. Yeah, honest to god. Okay. Thanks for the good news
At least he's getting honest now that manage. All right. They're playing a girls team. That's right mad dog
They were playing a little league
Not even a good girls team though worst of the worst all right
I'm not trying to take away. I mean detract. They scored 52 points. They looked really sharp
They got their act together they played a hell of a game
But again, they were playing against the worst team in the league though worst team in the league
Worst and Houston
Worst and Jacksonville Worst and Carolina
Worst and Atlanta
Worst and
Anybody the worst of the worst and how about Tampa Bay? Oh my god. What's all was that all about what they'll kind of drugs are those guys doing
Two open lines at day 751 now that I see that the radar there's there's not a cloud. There's not even a pigeon dropping in the sky
It's beautiful. It's perfect
So come on. Let's go greatest rock song of all time. Let's take a pull today. All right
Let's take a pull. I'll write them all down at the end of the show. We'll throw it in the waistband. I got you down
There you go. Let's pretend we're taking a pull like she does every night for four hours
Wouldn't you think like a couple of hours of that crap would have been long enough four hours of saying penis and
69 or whatever she I mean enough already with that show Jesus
Here's Kendall. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. I surprise no one I talked about the fight yesterday in the stand. Oh really? Oh, it was wonderful
Probably better than that Tyson five. I was up in the end zone in 400 sessions somewhere
And it was unbelievable to see the copper on back and for taking away jet fans
It was wonderful. No, they went one after the other. So in other words, you're telling me the dolphin fans were all very a well-behaved
What your tummy come on? Maybe someone I'll call later and tell there was some real fat redneck guy black jeans with no shirt bleeding in the entrance
Dissection 402. Oh, I walked over and just half over before the game started and the police came and took them away
I didn't ever find out what happened to that man. And why he was laying there
And a little third quarter was a big fight near the top. It's too dolphin guy to be up on this jet guy
Yeah, pretty well knocked him into the
The us their way great and the cops came up there and all the dolphin guys pointed to the jet to jet guys who didn't do anything
They were just trying to leave early and they got ejected. Oh
Beauty nice guy. I thought it was I'll tell you nothing next season when a jets come here
There's one one thing to take care of those jets fans one way to do it shoot them in the lane exactly
I got a bad ain't too bad. I got another place for you. Yeah, all right. Yeah, okay, pal
Open line in date. How come we got that feedback? And I call what does going on here?
Well, we wanted we asked for some feedback and we got some open line in date
751 purple line set it a one you're in your car right now
Okay, you're grasping you're groping you're reaching for it in a phone too the AT&T wireless line
That's the worst name, but we do like them a lot, but the name blows
Don't forget dolphin linebacker Chris singleton will be on with the default tonight in manage and sports talk
They'll be over at flanagans in north Miami
North East out of 25th just west of dixie highway and they'll be having a great time over there
And say hey, there'll be a high five in and low five and and grabbing a little ass manage
Well, you can be sure that probably defos and it'll be great then of course next Monday
They may not be quite as happy. Yeah, but you're going out of town. You're going on vacation right
I planned it just so I wouldn't have to be here and hear the abuse
Here's the lady in Oakland par hello
Hello, hello, yes, there she is. Hi Neil. How you doing good? I'm a first time caller. Great. Don't you get sick of that? No?
No, yeah, no
That's sometimes okay
Anyways, I want you to call her long time listener. I have a really shameless request for you. Yeah, I want to hear the asshole song
I've been telling my friend all about it and you just won't play for me anymore
Which one we have because it's too long I'm just a regular joke. You mean that Dennis Lurie song
How come that didn't get the greatest rock song of all time the greatest rock song of all time is
comfortably numb by pink Floyd
You know, I just put that asshole thing up there to play it for you
And now you're not and now well, I'm gonna play it, but I'm doing it with great reservation. So take a number
Have a great day. You too. Oh my god pink Floyd. Oh
Mm-hmm. I'd rather hear pink Floyd Kramer
We got that let's play that instead of asshole
11th or it can't say asshole on a radio though because there might be a lot of kids out of school and they never heard that word
610 W I O D
Dad are we there yet?
Good can't keep his packer in his pants
This is for the people of the CVS. They got stupid tennis on instead of the unoriented people on channel 4 when you're dead
Tell a thaw on folks
I'd like to see the song about
About me about you
And it is very low as oh no
Bottom of our chest
About that special feeling we get in the
Subcontinent
Maybe in the liver maybe in the kidneys
Maybe even in the cold
We don't
I'm just a regular
With a regular job
I'm your average white
Suburban ice
Love I like football
Tornow books about you
I got an average house where the nice hardwood floor my wife and my job my kids and my car
I'll feed on my table and a cube of
So
Sometimes that just
Ain't enough to keep a man like me
Oh no no wait
I know I've got to go out and have fun
And someone else has expense
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
I try really slow
In the old-fashioned way
While people behind me are going
And they're saying about a fool
You're a fool
You're a fool
I'm on a fool
But you're a fool
I use public toilets
And I
I walk around in the summer times
And I walk about this year
I'm on a fool
You're a fool
I'm on a fool
You're a fool
And sometimes I pour
In the handicap spaces
While handicapped people
Make handicapped spaces
I'm on a fool
You're a fool
You're a fool
You're a fool
You're a fool
Maybe I should be singing this song
Ranting and raving and carrying on
Maybe they're right for they tell me I'm wrong
Now I'm on a fool
You're a fool
You're a fool
You're a fool
You know what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna get myself a 1967 panel
I killed a rattle convertible
I think
With a whale skin a half a cat
And all other cow in the area
And big brown baby seal eyes for headlines
Yeah
And I'm gonna cry for that baby
At 150 miles per hour
Just getting one mile per gallon
It's like a now-sported fighter
She's furthest to McDonald's
The old fashioned
Not by the great of all styrofoam containers
And when I'm done sucking down those
Three small burgers
I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag
And then I'm gonna talk to styrofoam containers
Right outside
And then I'm gonna catch them
Saying anybody can do about it
You know what I'm doing?
Because we got the bomb
That's why
Two words
Nuclear
In weapons of day
Russia
Germany
Romania
They can have all the democracy they want
They can have a big democracy
Can't walk right through the middle
And see it even square
And it won't make a lick of difference
Because we ain't got the bomb
So Dad
John Wayne's not dead
He's frozen
And as soon as we find a cure for cancer
We're gonna throw out the dook
And he's gonna be pretty pissed off
You know why
The door's taken a cold shower
We'll multiply that by 15 million times
That's how pissed off the dook's gonna be
I'm gonna get a dook
And John gets the betties
And leave armament
And stand back and boy
And a case of where
And drive down a big saint
You know you really are an asshole
But you just shut up and sing this song, BOW
I'm an asshole
And I'm proud of this
Why did he throw the case
So in other words he was upset
You know the cake here and a dead cat here
They got a birthday cake for Phil Henry
I thought this was all a joke
I saw the dead pussy
When they brought it in and they wrapped up
And it wasn't unwrapped
In other words, it was still wrapped in that thing
With the tail hanging out
I'm in the tail and I can see a paw
Yeah, a tail and a paw
Well that's the best part, isn't it
George said the tail is the best part
So anyway
And they put it right next to the cake and he got so upset
He threw the cake out
I don't know how I'll say it
Was that because he lost his appetite or because
Well let me let me ask you a question
Why would there be anything
I mean a cat's been dead for a long time right
It's been in the freezer
Right
Yeah that's right
Now would you assume that there was like any bacteria on a dead animal at that point
I mean it wasn't out in the sun rotting where they were like
You don't know what I'm saying
I don't know how long it was out in the sun
What do I know about that
But it doesn't make any difference
I mean it's been on ice for days
What's the days I don't know
Yeah, a couple of days
I couldn't tell
And the dead cat in the thing in the bag
Was going to contaminate his cake
I think Phil is getting a little bit hysterical if he asked
