Well, I don't know I heard you funny, but you know saying you might do something that's making me laugh or something well. I'll give it a shot
Go ahead
You got to hang up first though. I got to hang up. Yeah, no, no, I got another question
Well, wait a minute in other words you want me to play it, but you got other questions. Oh wait for the hell which one you want?
Oh wait for the hell yeah, all right now
I heard you talking about Brian Cox didn't have a good game the man led the team and talked to talk about me
Say it again. Let me say it again. Thurmond Thomas ran around him and threw him and up his ass for the entire game for nearly 200 yards
And if that's your idea of a good game then God bless you
Oh my god, he had a good game. He's a good guy. They had a good game. Okay. Get a brain pal
Dis tasteful the dolphins are cursing and man
It's disgraceful cuz Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying
Words of love they toss and the microphone the dump button just can't seem to be left alone and all of this is because they like saying
Oh
But they play football
How did the Patriots kick their ass?
Well
Well, they make it to the Super Bowl
But with an attitude as bad as there
Tossing our hopes down the stairs. Oh man
Root obnoxious foul and distasteful the dolphins are cursing and man it's disgraceful cuz Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying
Yes, they're saying
I
Don't even want to hear about the negative stuff we got it done. I mean how are why I don't give a we want a game
I want to hear nothing negative. I want to read no negative paper tomorrow. We finally won a game
That's all that should be said for rate the dolphins want a game for a change none of this negative missed opportunity with all that old bull
I'm tired of punk
Finally we can quit looking at all the damn stations showing the dolphin demise should Jimmy John's replace you all that old bull
I'm tired of I'm fed up to hear with this
Up to here. This is you know is the grace of God, you know, I'm sorry for my for fame language
But I'm just happy that we were able to get a win to take some pressure off by no means is this thing over we have to you know
Continue to concentrate and get ready and by the way Brian suck my
We've tried and over the counter drugs just don't work
W.I.O.D. Miami Ford Lutterdale use talking entertainment radio
610 W.I.O.D.
The honey junior
The other night was there a fight on the port of July
Now his cousins dead up all it in the head
What happened we don't know
Something fishy smells, but he won't tell
So well
What did you do?
What did you do?
Not so long
He was standing on his folks long and he was crying
Brian
Brian
Brian it's hard to understand
It was an accident
With two shots lying far too rough
I don't know why your agent crew
Claims the cops reports on truth
I want to know some more so tell me what's the score
Brian what did you do?
Lexa
Don't leave
Or just maybe
You're lying
What did you do?
Yes, now he's gone
And from this moment on
We're asking Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Different Brian by the way
You got a clarification
Maybe it's just a bad luck name if you're going to name any of your kids Brian
You might want to rethink your position, you know what I'm saying
I mean you got your Brian Norcross, huh?
He just bailed out of here
And then you got your Brian Cox and you got your Brian Blades
And you got your Brian Andrews
I rest my case
12 away to WOD
Happy Tuesday
Happy Hanukkah
Mary Christmas
Happy New Year
Etc
Etc
And so on
From all your good close personal friends
At 610 WOD
We're obnoxious, disgusting, and we chase everybody the hell away
That's what Ellen says
That's what Ellen says
We're disgusting and obnoxious even the most loyal like Bobby and Sandy
And Bonnie and Kendall and her obnoxious very Jewish sister
Even those people are gone
How do you like that?
Hey, it's just the way it goes here
You know I don't want to say this is on friendly town
But you know when Gary Bettland was here for those meetings
The Board of Governors and HL meetings in West Palm Beach last week
You know what they told them?
Why don't you go back to Canada you Jew bastard?
Here's a big pine key
Hello
Yes sir
Yes I am
I wish you were a good close personal friend
Do you?
You must be desperate
I don't relate to that
I always like to call but I never get a chance really
Because I'm usually working
But we are the faithful down here
And I'm still campaigning for our toll free number
Yeah right, hold your breath
Take a deep one
Okay
Hey, do you know what ever happened to Jeff Charles?
You're going to start with that crap again
When that drug induced phony baloney washed out surfer punk
That was on here for about five minutes
I don't know and I don't care
He was a broadcaster like I'm a brain surgeon
I was just curious
No I do not
I don't ever hear his name
Thank God which is why I'm still I've retained a little bit of my sanity
No I don't
Okay
And
Jeff Charles
Give me a break
A while back
I asked if you'd seen reservoir dogs in your head and had you seen it yet?
No I have not
Great movie
I think I got it on tape
Did you use somebody sent it to me on tape?
Is that the one with river penis?
No
No
What's that one with river?
Oh that's my favorite, my private Idaho or something like that
Yeah that's a terrible movie
Is it?
Oh it's awful
There's no story
It's just a...
I like avant-garde movies
That was horrible
But
Did you ever get a chance to see Dolores Claiborne?
With what's your name, Kathy Bates?
Another great one
Oh that's on the satellite right now as a matter of fact
I saw the previous four last year
If you get a chance I'd like to hear your commentary on that
But mainly reservoir dogs
Mainly
Yeah I'd like to
If you liked
Clockwork Orange
Yeah
I would think you liked that one too
It's kind of...
Sick
Yeah
That's pain
I love it already
Okay have a great...
Whatever
Oh I'd like to suck a rat for a CD though
Well sounds like the voice of experience
Well
Yes
I'm one of those insipid diehard Paul McCartney fans
Oh how did I know that?
How did I know it?
Here's the family way
Yeah
You got it
Thank you sir
Wasn't that easy?
You were easy
Okay
Listen now
Say goodbye or I'm going to get really upset
Hang on
Thank you
You're going to hang on?
Yes
You're going to dummy up now?
Yes
Okay
Line 2, take care of her, him, take care of it
He wants Paul McCartney there on Line 2
And anybody that's brave enough to ask for Paul McCartney deserves what they get
Paul McCartney
Don't forget those borders, books and music stories baby
We got Carl Springs having Turek Kendall Boka for Lauderdale and other one in Mayfear
And the Grove has also got our best of cassettes and CDs
And even though it's six days till Christmas you can pop right into any borders nearby you
And pick up all the best of rick and suds and yours truly and feel Henry and all that good stuff
Great holiday gifts and great to have for yourself
And the money goes to a great cost center one
We got over 90 grand in the kitty already and we're doing it
We are doing it baby
Let's keep it going, let's keep that momentum
All you got to know is Jackie Moe
So how's Jackie Lee doing?
12 minutes past noon at WIOD
Steve Parachuba
Steve Parachuba
Well you know Jim Marien Singh, I'm a teen practice today
I just thought we'd steal a few fine moments of time together
Cut it, lay down on my tongue
Well that's a fine idea, don't mind if I do
By the way, what is that you're wearing anyway?
You're wearing pasties and a G-string
Well you look just fine
Now why don't you get over here and make me feel like a man
Alright!
Now take it easy, manage come down, I'm tender you know
I'm gonna start on this thing and I'm gonna rough out it all year long
I'm down now, manage I told you to take it easy
Now get off of me you bitch
You turned round noser, you chucked out
Well I've had enough of this, I'm out of here
I love for you will always be
Max Just Scoople
What do you say?
Okay 1217 at WIOD
Happy Tuesday from all your good spirit and friends here at WIOD
Many of whom are really into the spirit, heavily I can't imagine which ones
We have an open line and Broward
How do you like that? We got an open line and Broward
God is that get me depressed
5249463
So much we in our chief engineer who happens to be a hell of a great guy
Especially the day since he put on my license plate with that screwdriver
So he's got a one of these, what do they call these?
What's the shorthand for that? What do they call them?
Those verification things?
I thought you're supposed to
I don't even know what you have
It's a letter from a guy in Finland who heard our signal one night
At 257 his time in the morning which is six hours ahead
He heard passion bones
That's called a Yuntary Port
No it's a DSX, what is it?
George
What you think I have a class
He's not only a phony spiky, he's a phony engineer too, how do you like that?
He's putting down those transmitter readings, he's pulling them out of his ass
He couldn't read one of those meters if you held a gun
Yes, it was a cell report
Like I said
What?
QSL, right, that's what I'm looking for, QSL
I only know one word that begins with Q
Oh, two
So anyway, first off, season greetings from Finland close to the Arctic Circle in northern Europe
And he goes on and on and you're at passion bones
And a female speaker says
Tonight we're talking about sex outside your race or religion, you agree with us
We'll get back to the phone line, yada yada yada
Then a lady on the other end of the phone line started explaining her views on the subject
257 AM, three minutes later, he lost track of his signal
He dropped it, it slipped right out of his hand
Damn it, right in midstream too baby
And the guy's name is Hanu
Nilek, Nileksella
Hanu, that's like Timu
As in house by you, Timu
Those fins, man, I don't know, they got some of them look okay
Like that Koi-fu and Ta-Hanu
Is that all they know from?
Koi-fu
On a Montreal, Canadians
Shloy-mi Koi-fu
And Timu, Salani
And this is Maharajiyanu
Why can't they be more like us? Okay, why can't they be barbaric and more like us Americans?
Here's Sunrise, hello
Hey Nile, good morning
Yes sir
You know, for years you've been saying that there are no living and breathing people down here
Very few
And I just realized that it's pretty hard
Yeah, I know, and I just realized that both of the newspapers down here is with you
Yeah
I'm sitting here looking at the sports section of the Philadelphia Inquirer
And the daily news, Oath of Whom, as you know, are published by Nightrider
I'm looking at the coverage of the football and the hockey
One paper had eight reporters covering the Eagles game
Yeah
The other had seven, they have two or three reporters covering the flyers game
Yeah
They have late scores in here, they don't put the paper to bet it mine up
In other words, they're real newspapers because it's a real city where there are people who speak English and really read a newspaper
Absolutely
Not here
No, you're right there, it's not down here
And the silent majority of the living and breathing down here don't amount to anything
The papers ought to do away with the sports section, have one page with scores
And have an obituary section down here
Oh, that's in there
Yeah, but I mean make a whole section
It is
The people read it
You didn't check out the last 20 pages
I guess not
At any rate, that's what I had to say
Two quick questions
You were trying to get me a telephone number where I can get in touch with Dr. Appkins
I told you one day
Oh, I don't, I can't find it, I don't got it
And one in New York
You only, I got the same number you've got from the book, that's it
Yeah
So I thought maybe you had to place the contact and I'm in closing, sir
Yes?
I still think the 40 hours, the best hockey player I've ever seen
Well, good luck to you
Great, have a great life
Thank you
Wrong
We have an open line two of men, Broward, 5249, 463 and a purple line, 18T wireless, pick it up and pound it
We pay the freight pound IOD
1221 at WIOD
It's another candle Toyota exclusive right now
They'll pay you at least $4,000 for your trade no matter what condition it's in
Who's got this account now by the way, that little short guy that replaced Larry Padwell?
I got news for a little short guy that replaced Larry Padwell
We got some very high priced accounts on his show
And one of them is this account that George is driving that beautiful camera
And if anything happens to what he's going to be really pissed off and take it out on your short little ass
Yeah
So we better get on the stick, okay?
Because everybody knows that candle Toyota will give you a 4 grand tour of the purchase of any new 1996 Toyota Prevy
A van, 4 runner, Avalon, Super, Tacoma, Camry, L.E. Camry, Wagon, Camry V6, Celica, T100 Pickup, Tacoma, Extra Cab, T100, Extra Cab
Tacoma Pickup, Orlando Cruiser and Stock
And they also know that everybody who buys a new Toyota right now also gets an 18T cellular phone and no extra cost
And they also know that they better as always that candle Toyota will be any other price than any other Toyota from any of the dealer advertised or otherwise
They know that
Little short guy that replaced Larry Padwell and by the way, little short guy don't buy a house
So get your ass down there to candle Toyota on US1 just south of the day land
Or call him at 1-800-873 Toyota and ask Mark Jacobson if he bought a house
I sure hope not for his to say
This offer by the way is based on MSRP
You already know that and you already know it excludes two cells, Corolla's and you already know it excludes Passeo's right?
And you certainly know it's not a conjunction with any other offer
Dan Sula, I f***ing think
Oh, 1225 at WYOD so you know it's just amazing this business bears out what I always said right?
Here's a facts, I won't even dignify the one from that Greg
You see you let him on here for a few seconds, this is the problem with you Greg
You won't stop, you won't stop
Quit with the facts already, leave me alone, go get a hobby, stick your butt up your nose
Who do you think this facts is from?
Okay, one step away from Greg from Boyton Beach, we also just savaged here this morning
Ice, female
Bonnie, no, you didn't warm
Sandy, no
Who says that I'm disgusting and obnoxious in the chasing everybody away?
Ellen
Right
It's a hockey thing
Do you believe the Panthers weren't even rated as contenders and your opinion is there a truth of the baba bada
A fellow fan female Ellen, like I don't know who this is
I rest my, you see what I'm saying?
You can't even chase some of these people away no matter what you say no matter what you do
They won't go away, they won't go away, they won't stop
You can't insult them and she says I'm insulting everybody and chasing them away
How can you insult anybody when you're like this?
Ellen
Here's a lady in Miami, hello
Hi, how are you doing?
Okay
Good, happy holidays to you
And back to you
I love your show
Thank you
I'm curious to know why men feel that football is so important
Because they have very tiny penises most of them
No, seriously, that's the truth
Yeah, it's not because the guys are in tights and have tight butts and they run around and feel
Well that's a part of it I was going to get to that
I think that's why women watch football
They have very tiny penises also
I don't think we have any
You never know
I know you never know
You never checked out Ann Bishop
Oh, that's bad
That is bad, that was bad
That's rank
Now tell me, what do I have to do to make you part with a Frank Sinatra CD?
I don't have any
You don't have any
Who said I had a Frank Sinatra?
I said I have the sampler that's got one Frank Sinatra cut on it
Hey, that's not bad
Oh, well, okay
Can I have that one?
And it's Frank Sinatra with Cindy Lauper
Oh, I don't know
I don't know about Cindy Lauper
Well, you have to just listen to one channel
It's almost as bad as Paul McCartney
Not quite
And Tom Petty and the heartbreakers and the carpenters and herby Lauper
It's got a bunch of different dread on it
Oh, there you go, I like
The price is right
It's free
Me right
There you go
Well, hang on
Thank you
Oh, she was very meek
You notice that toward the end?
Like, oh, I'm not going to talk myself out of this
Line one, take care of that very fine young lady there, okay?
Toward you, we got some fine women in this audience, man
Everything is just fine
Don't forget that vaguistrip
I want those phones ringing off the hook from now till the end of the year
Because we're going to Vegas, come Heller, Highwater, April 18th through the 21st
Leaving on the 18th and 9th, 30th and morning from either for Lauderdale or Miami, your choice
There'll be two separate flights
We stop in Dallas, then we pick up the same plane in Dallas on the way to Vegas
We get there one in the afternoon on Thursday, which means we got almost a whole day on Thursday
All day Friday, all day Saturday
Come back on Sunday, leave Vegas at one, get back home to Fort Lauderdale and Miami 10 in the PM
Got it? Great
We're staying at the greatest place in Vegas, bar none, and I guarantee you that
There is no contest
The new tower in the MGM Grand
Three nights in Deluxe rooms
It's American Airlines commercial jumbo jets, no more of this charter crap
We're never going to do that again
599 bucks per person for double including tax baggage handling and a bunch of goodies we're throwing in
569 per person for triple, 552 per person for quad
And if you want to check it out call Rocky Ruttenberg again, you got to have 150 dollars down
Particate by December 31st and then you got two months to pay the balance by February 1st
There is that one month, well whatever the hell it is
Call Rocky and check it out today, get yourself signed on there, let's fill up, we got 200 seats booked on the two planes
Let's fill them all up and really do it
In data-broward call 445-7740-445-7740
In Palm Beach, 989-8888
Statewide, it's 1-800-686-1161
Rocky at Regal Travel
Is the person you want to talk to and a good time will be head by all come hell or high water
I'm telling you if you've been to Vegas already I don't have to say a word unless you're a moron
And if you've never been there let me say a one more time you have no clue as to what life is all about
Here's Miami, hello
Neil
Yes sir
Why are you so negative?
About what?
Generally
Why am I so honest? Is that what you can't deal with?
Well, that's the word you're looking for but you want to make it negative
Why do you listen to the show if I'm so negative?
No, because in the office one of my co-workers has it on and I have it
Of course, you know something I can't imagine being in a situation
Where somebody else would be listening that I would be that interested or involved
Even if I was forced to have it in the background that I would wait on hold for a half hour or whatever you've been on hold
To talk to somebody and critique their show I don't get it
That speaks to how bored I am right now
Evidently
The affection of another person I mean
What does that mean?
Why are you writing a book? What do you care about what I'm in if you don't even like the show?
I want to help you on being more positive
I don't need your help at all
Neil, I'm a profession
Let me say it again
This is a radio show
I need your help like I need a luch and cup, you know what that means?
I'm sorry I'm not a Jewish faith
Oh, and you're telling me you're in that profession you're like a psychiatrist or psychologist and you're some goi
Who the hell are you?
You can see your credibility is right down the toilet already
Neil, speak with me
Nobody goes to a goi issue of psychiatry
Speak with me, don't talk to me, Neil
Speak to you about what?
Oh, here we go with Lingo, let me help you right off the phone asshole
Let me help you, oh my god, how sad, how pathetic
This is your automatic callback service
Hmm
1231 at WIOD
Now you know if this is really in some orifice
That some secretary is going to pick up
Northwest aid
Northwest aid
Northwest aid what?
Mental health center
Mental health center
This is really Northwest aid mental health center?
Yes
We're on the year at WIOD radio
One of your people in there just called here
I think he's in need of immediate counseling
Did they give you an extension number?
He said it was a coronal extension, I don't know what that means
No
I think he's looking for one
Okay, one second
Okay
Sounds like there's gas in the phone line
Sounds like there's gas in the phone line
Sounds like there's gas in the phone line
Okay, don't inhale too much pal
He's probably busy doing it right now in healing
We have an open line in day at 7519-463-751
When they start talking at Psycho Babbo Lingo man
Then you know what you're dealing with
Even Van Lingo Mungo never talked at Lingo
1232 at WIOD
Here's Boka
Hello
Inel
Yes sir
How you doing?
Okay
Hey, I can't agree with you more about the blind cocks and the
And the boys at the dolphins
I moved here
The boys at the dolphins?
So dolphin boys, you know, whatever
Those guys, that football team
I moved here from San Francisco about four years ago
Yeah, that was a bad movement
But thank God they got a wonderful team, winner-lose
They don't spout this crap
Yeah
How'd you like the game that Jerry Rice had
If he watched the game last night for the 49ers
Who had a hang on by the skin of their teeth
And early blue of three touchdown lead
But still played a great game
How'd you like Jerry Rice?
Okay, now there's a human being, there's a guy
He was a spit on anybody
And he wasn't getting his ass kicked out of the game
And even though he has mouthed off like I said yesterday
The media when he got frustrated about that big mouth
Deon Sanders
And said we don't need Deon Sanders to win and guess what?
It turns out he was right, wasn't it?
It was and when they got...
And Dallas even with Deon Sanders is struggling
And it's cost him $35 million
A mighty expensive lesson for Jerry Jones to learn by the way
That's right
And the 49ers have class
That's what they've got
And by the way speaking of very Sanders
Anybody who knows, I mean Deon Sanders
Anybody knows he just got cut by the Giants?
I just thought I would mention that
Just got cut by the baseball Giants
Oh, what a bad break
I'll tell you what
It's a pleasure talking to you and listening to you sir
Well listen, I think we all need mental help don't you?
I'm moved here, there's proof of it
I'll make a group appointment
Have a great life pal
We have an open line on the green line
Do you have any warm loving relationships
With anybody tender and soft and sweet?
I got news for a pal
I've had more tender warm loving moments
With somebody soft tender and sweet
Then you could ever begin to imagine, okay?
Sweetheart
Open line on the green line
1-800-944-9463
Oh, and speaking of soft tender and sweet
Where the hell's the young in a horny?
Thank you for reminding me Doc
See, there's some good in everybody
There's a little good right on the inside
Oh, there's Cole
Cole's got that there's a guy that needs some help
He's always pissed off
He wanted to know why there's your answer
Look at it right there where that turned up knows that bitch
1235 at WIOD
If you watch the Weather Channel cable network
You'll see messages touting 610 WIOD as the radio station
With the best news, traffic and weather
The Weather Channel knows
And that's why they called us
No fan-kink weather baves here
Weather pros on news, talk and entertainment radio
610 WIOD
Holy cow, Aaron's coming
We can't stand that solar
We can't stand that solar
Okay, we got it the first time
Take it, you know
Incredible
We need a leader who will get us back on track
Maybe it's time we had a president whose black
I've seen him on TV just up in his soul to close
Boy
I heard his running mate might just be James Earl Jones
On the label
Yes
Some folks used to close in my day
Say there ain't no way
But the times they changed
Those are next ones could be gay
Boys
A boy of those solar
Pulling blinds, blacked out eyes
Twenty-two one at WIOD
Happy Tuesday on your neurotic station
610 WIOD
We're needless to say we're all in need of very serious mental help
And if I'm in need of help what does that make feel Henry?
Are you positive?
Here's Boka, hello
Hello Neil? Yes sir?
Happy holidays
And back to you
Hey I shook your hand over there plantation
And I haven't washed it since
I'll bet you have on your hand
It was the best 60 bucks I've ever spent though
Great, all right
We had a great turnout
That was a big turnout
What all happened over there
I waited if there was a longer line at Disney World
You know what I mean?
The long line
Anyway, listen to the reason I'm calling
You know you talk about Brian Cox
And yesterday you referred to him as on sportsman like on professional
Inhumane a disgraceful jackass
Overgrown childlike asshole
Suck my dick
Yeah
Exactly now what I want you to explain is
Why is it that in hockey
That when a fight breaks out in the middle of the action
And interrupts the game
Why is it so big? That's part of the game
It's part of the game
What's that? It's part of the game
So why is hockey considered so more violent or just part of the game where
Nobody said it is a lie
Nobody said it's more violent, it's just a man's game
It's a real man, even man has said that
Really? Right
Come on Neil, you can't go
That's the only answer you can tell me
I bet you're pardoned
That's the only answer you can tell me
I just got to tell you
It's not a man's game
What is it?
What is it?
What is it? A lady's game?
You don't consider it unsportsman like an unprofessional one of hockey players does that in the middle of the game?
Does what?
They don't start fighting for no reason
They start fighting because it's a very fast pace
Do you want me to answer the question or not?
My good close personal friend that had such a good time on Saturday
But now wants to bust my balls
No, I'm not busting
Why don't you let me answer the question
You might learn something
We have an open line in Broward
524 Jackass, 524 Coxa Hoist
And one on the green line
See in hockey they're out there on the ice
They're skating faster and hell they got sticks
You see those big things they got those wooden things
They're called hockey sticks
And they hook each other in a hole and they grab and they trip
And they do some nasty stuff because that's the nature of the game
Now football, yes
It's a contact sport but the fact is
In football they line up, they run a play
It takes about 5 seconds and they go
You know, should they brush themselves off
And they go back to the line of scrimmage
And they all hold hands and then the center bends down
And a quarterback puts his hands under recess
One of the great things I ever saw
You know how they have those bloopers?
One of the greatest sports bloopers I saw the other day
It was a college football team
And a quarterback got rea... I guess he was under a lot of pressure
The clock was running out, it gets real panicky
He runs up to the line of scrimmage
And instead of going under the center
He's like one guy off
He goes up to the right guard and he puts his hands under recess
And the kid like reaches back and swats him away
Like get out of here, you get a little personal now
I'm the right guard
Not in fact that it smells like you were in a little bit
Right guard
He put his hands under the right guards
As
And let me tell you, football is such a man's sport pal
How come it is when Bernie Kossar is a quarterback
Nobody wants to play center
Okay, will you answer me that question?
Nobody wants Bernie's hands under their ass
When you answer that question, then I'll get back to you about hockey
Would you obviously know nothing about
In addition to which there are lots of fights in hockey
With lots of players, even some of the pushies out there
Any guys, once in a while I get into a fight
Because there's some nasty hostel hitting and checking
It's a real brutal sport
Football is a pansy sport
Just like even Defoe says
Of a bunch of men running around in silly tight pants
Grabbing each other's ass
That's football
It's a pansy sport
So we don't expect guys running around spitting each other's face
And going out there and getting stupid penalties
And costing their teams the game
Have you got it?
In addition to which there are some of us
Who are real hockey fans like me
Who aren't really fond of the hockey players
Who are the goons like Kenny Baumgart
And you're on the Maple Leafs and Tide Dummy
Who get a lot of stupid penalties
And occasionally cost our teams the game
But I'm not only using one to hear it
Because you run some kind of a Jewish filibuster
Here's Miami on a Broward Line
Hello, how you doing today?
Okay sir, Neil
Let's go panthers tonight
All the way
Tonight, who are we playing tonight?
Well, this week's gonna be my 14th game of this week
So, and I'm very excited for the panthers
And I want to say one thing
Can I call some people some Jewish guys please?
We have an open line in Broward
5249-463-524-W-1
They sure know how to get to me, don't they?
They sure know how to butter me up so they can come on here and say
Kill you to do it back
Yeah, they know how to do that, right?
Right, good luck to the panthers
Panthers aren't playing again till Thursday, okay sir
If you would have even been close
If you would have been within 24 hours even
Then I might have said, okay the guys you know nothing about it
It's going to his 14th game just this week
I got a game for you
But you're probably playing it already
Here's Hollywood, hello
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, surely in hostile
Just the way they like me sir
First time
Hostile, miserable and nasty and unrelenting
I hear you, first time caller, long time listener
Great
I just wanted to ask you two questions
You wanted to what?
Two questions, one is...
You wanted to what?
Ask a question
Okay, okay
About the situation with Pat Riley coming back to New York
I have no interest in Pro Basketball, it's a goon sport
I understand but considering the way he left
It would be interesting, would they?
Well, it's kind of like when Denise Pothan goes up and broadcast the game in New York
And they boom out of the broadcast booth because they all hate him like boys
And I would say there's a similarity, yes
Yes, yes, okay, and the other day...
Although I'm not really sure about Pat Riley
And he may be the Mike Keenan of basketball
I'm not sure if he really is all that sharp
Or if he's just an asshole with a big mouth like Mike Keenan
I'm serious, the verdict is out
They even hired more police
You know, they get a couple, they get a couple of major injuries on the team right away
They lose every day now, even though I don't follow up
But I do look at the scores, you got to be able to play above your injuries
You know what I'm saying? You can't go into mourning
Yep, you got to watch up for that mourning
Right
Okay, one more, more more question
That's what they call JT Snow in Anaheim, the Angel of the Morning
But anyway, go ahead
I'm at home and I'm taking care of my parents
And unfortunately, both of them are pretty ill
My mother has Alzheimer's and my father...
He looks like he has it as well
And he looks like he has it?
Well, I believe he has it
And I was wondering...
Well, how do you look like you have it?
He doesn't look like he has
You know, the beginning with the loss of memory and things like that
Well, I can't remember what the hell happened to you yesterday
And I was wondering if there are any social workers out there
I need some help, I mean, I'm really stressed out
And if they would call and I just need some positive feedback on what to do
Because I really don't want to put them in a nursing home or anything like that
And I'm not really getting as much support as I would want to from my brothers
So...
Why not?
I don't know what...
What are they call us and indifferent?
Yeah, call us and indifferent
Everybody's married and has their family
I'm the only one who's home now and with my parents
I'm a matter of fact, I'm not working right now, so...
Really?
I'm home and traveling
Sounds like you got the life of Raleigh over there
So what are we going to do for this guy, George?
You want to take his number and maybe that guy from that mental health place
Although I hope somebody more responsible than that calls you back
But, uh, yes, I hope so
George, you'll take your number and we'll try to get you some help
Definitely, I need it
Good luck to you, Pa
I appreciate that
Line 5, take care of that guy
See, you think you got troubles out there, huh?
You think you got problems because Brian Cox is an asshole
And you want to sit around and argue with some goofball on the radio
That, well, he played a good game, he's a great player
Who cares?
Grow up already, will you?
Grow up, he played a good game
He never stole a freight train
You know something?
I don't give a crap, how about that?
Huh? I don't give a crap if he did steal a freight train
He's small potatoes
He's like Frankie Pentangely, man
He's small potatoes
1248
And from what I hear in the locker room, that ain't all that small
That's what Mandit said
You check ass
12 minutes till 1 at WIO, D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D
I'd hope we'll wear the crown!
It's my dear!
There's no more you're hiding in this!
I'd hate you, mate!
Mike Tyson wanted a fight that would bring him the box!
That's right!
Chris' Diana just wanted to beat up a man!
Any man!
I should punch you so hard!
You'll live a shallower!
Yes!
You're death-ick!
John King and the Queen present Tyson versus Diana!
Rod and instructor, mama, you share food around with a fox and instructor!
I told you the crown jewels!
I shall take your family jewels!
I hate no fair touch you, Mr. Marble!
Yes, malice in the palace!
Tyson and Dahango put her on her kein in fucking hands!
Friday night on pain-per-view!
It's killing me, I'll tell you that!
1252 at WIOD is we try to get mental help for me, for all of you, for everybody, for George,
who certainly definitely is in desperate need.
We have an open line in day at 7519-463-751-WIOD.
The reason I said that is just stop and think for a second over these last several years.
Just think of all the morons you've heard on the ear!
Just imagine the ones that never got on the ear that George talked to, okay?
Stop and think about that!
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
First time call it.
All right.
I was listening to your news break that you had, and I just had something that's supposed
to make a comment about that guy that beat the death at two month old baby.
Just beyond comprehension, how?
Yes it is.
I hear people calling you all the time talking about this and that.
Why doesn't anyone ever talk to you about that?
Because they don't care.
They don't care.
That's outrageous.
They accept it.
See that to me, and I've said this for the last several years now, this to me is the
most unacceptable part of American people's behavior, is that they accept anything.
No matter what it is, they just say, oh well, this is horrible, but this is the way it
is and what do we do now, what time is hard copy on?
That's the American public.
It's just, you know, I moved down to this day.
We're talking about a country that's got no collective values.
We're talking about a country that's got no respect for human life.
Well, that's absolutely true, and you hear about it on the news every day, and it's just
a matter of fact.
You hear it, oh well, that's sad, and people go on and don't...
But if the media makes a big thing about it like Jimmy Rice, then all of a sudden the
public acts like the world is coming to an end because, oh my god, a little kid got
butchered up and killed and isn't that really terrible.
Right, I'm trying to try to try to try to call and talk to you the other day.
You made the comment about that, about all those people getting their signatures, trying
to get the posters in the federal facilities.
That's going to make a big difference, man.
Do something worthwhile, like getting access to the FBI computer system that might be
able to help people find these people.
But what good does it do to stick a poster in a government facility?
Well, the FBI doesn't have room for too many of these lost kid reports because they're
too busy with all those files they got on everybody's private sex life, you know.
So they don't have room for the good stuff.
Well, I appreciate you giving me the time to just divorce my opinion.
I just heard it, and I just couldn't believe it.
I just, my wife and I just had our baby and it's three months old and I just couldn't
comprehend it.
How about the guy in Kendall who just raped the 18 month old baby, his own?
Because he just wanted to experiment.
Is that what he said?
Yeah.
He wanted to experiment.
Experiment, unbelievable.
And, yeah, I think we got to experiment with him, like maybe a bullet through the brain
would give him like a real shocking sensation might wake him up.
Well, if we can find where the brain is.
It's just amazing.
And I live different places throughout the United States and Europe and Miami area or
the Fort Lauderdale and Miami area has got to be the armpit of the world.
The greatest barbarians in the history of the human race, this is where they wind up.
If you're an asshole, move down here, you'll be right at home.
All right.
Thank you.
I'm here.
Have a great day, pal.
Bye-bye.
That's why I'm staying.
We have an open line at day 7519 463 751 W.I.O.D.
Our center one total is outstanding.
It's 90,059 bucks.
We went over another big hurdle there.
We got over the 90,000 mark.
You can call center one or order those CDs and cassettes and t-shirts at 5,6,1,0078.
Or you can stop into your borders, music and books and cafes, doors and crawl springs.
I have a churra candle, a bokeh of Fort Lauderdale and then coconut grove in Mayfair.
And pick up the same.
Here's Mimey Shores on the Purple Line.
Hello.
Hey, man.
How's it going?
Oh, him in.
Hey, check this out.
Did you see this article that the Post Office put in the herald about what the Postal Workers
love and hate?
No.
I don't read the herald.
Well, I don't hate any.
I just jumped out of me, but I hate the Post Office more.
In an effort to help Postal Workers, here are some of the things they love and hate about
the way we package and address our mail.
Yeah.
I'll take a few of them real quick.
They love it when we include the correct zip code.
When we stick with white envelopes, the machines have a tough time reading addresses on the green and red envelopes.
So to use this card.
Keep that in mind, folks.
Lots of red and green envelopes.
They let me listen to this.
They love it when we put our mail or things like that.
Well, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Slow down.
Okay.
They let me know.
No, wait.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
Yeah.
But at holiday time, don't people send cards a lot of times in red and green envelopes.
Of course.
That's the whole idea.
That's the whole point.
No, don't you ask, old.
Please don't do that.
They love it when we mail our things in a collection box or better yet, bring it to the nearest mail processing plant, leaving outgoing mail in your mailbox for the letter carrier can delay delivery.
This is actually what it says.
Why is that?
I don't know.
Why do they call them letter carriers?
Got me.
I thought that was what they're supposed to do.
It's pick up the mail.
I had news for it.
Most of the mailmen I know they're carrying something more than letters.
And you don't want to get it.
Trust me.
I'll give you a couple more.
This is what they hate.
They hate it when we scotch tape stamps to the envelope.
Taped chips up the machines.
Use glue.
If you don't have glue, they'll glue for you at the post office.
They hate it.
In other words, I'm going to take my mail down.
If I have a stamp that's like, doesn't have a lot of muselage on the back, I'm going to take it my letter down to the post office there.
When you put some glue on the back of this.
Oh yeah.
And you got to wait in the line to do that.
And they also hate it.
I got an idea.
I got something different we can put on the back of the stamp.
That'll stick pretty good.
Yeah, they hate it.
That'll be a real heavy duty way to make your stamp stick.
They hate it when we hide the return address on the back.
Keeping it on the front of the envelope helps ensure the letter gets back to the sender if there's a problem on the delivery yet.
Oh man.
Can you imagine having to flip that baby around in the envelope too?
I give me a break.
32 cents to send a letter out and they got all these restrictions because...
I've got to get it over.
Right.
Got you a bit.
It's not like a bunch of excuses to me.
Two more quick ones.
Yeah.
They hate it when we fail to read all the brochures and posters inside the post office and on the walls.
They give answers to most every mailing question you can come up with.
Read them first then get in line.
Right.
And lastly, they hate it when we clog up post office lines.
And if you want to get familiar with your mailman, just stand there in the post office.
Look at those wanted posters on the walls.
Some of those faces will start getting real familiar.
Right.
They hate it when we clog up post office lines with tasks that you can carry out at other places all over town, such as buying staff.
Oh.
Thank you very much.
Don't go to the counter to buy stamps.
Stick your money in those machines and let it get stuck in there, right?
Or even worse as change get those Susan B. Anthony dollars that nobody will take anywhere.
Get those for changing those stamp machines like we do in plantation.
Everybody's good with the Canadian pennies.
Right.
All right.
Hey, I'm out of here.
Have a great life.
Okay.
See at the orifice.
We have an open line in the prong.
Whatever it is.
Purple line, AT&T wireless pound Iodine.
We got one in Broward 5249463.
Have you noticed the difference today?
I got all those CDs and very, very few people.
For some reason, I get the feeling I could be wrong because I definitely do need some serious assistance in mental health, which I'll work on immediately after the show.
But in the meantime, you don't think that some of them are intimidated, do you?
God country and Iodine.
What is this?
Not necessarily in that order.
W-I-O-D, Miami Ford Lutterdale.
Use, talk, and entertainment radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
You just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments.
Like that one to two-hour.
There's no better way to celebrate the holidays that bring family and friends together to enjoy good food.
But over and delging at the dinner table can lead to unpleasant side effects like gas.
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Oops, sorry.
This holiday season, fresh and things up with new Swink-Dermits.
Swink-Dermits, the after-dinners' evositories, that make your farts smell minty fresh.
Hey, I just farted.
And it smells great.
Thank you.
Could you do it again?
All right.
Ah.
This holiday season, fresh and your farts with Swink-Dermits.
Swink-Dermits, for an enus, your friends will want to get close to you.
That's right, when you fart, your friends will all say, it's a majaya.
Ah.
106 at W.O.D.
Look at those brow lines, huh?
Can that be a mistake?
Is that like an apparition or an apparition?
Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three.
They all went dark in brow art.
Real dark.
Even time magazine never saw nothing as dark.
Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three.
Here's, and then of course they want to get married.
Sheeran and Nick want to get married in jail.
We just had on there.
And the priest being another one of those great, loving, wonderful priest.
He says, I can't do it today.
Make an appointment with the warden, bitch.
And they turn to Ronan and says to Nick, and by the way, son, don't forget if I can assist you with your spiritual needs.
Father, oh, too, God.
Right, who are you, kiddin'?
Pervert.
Here's a lady in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi.
How you doing?
I just wanted to call it because I love your show.
Of course.
And I wanted to talk about the golden lab puppy that got killed.
The golden lab puppy that got killed?
Yeah, and the guy was put in jail for it.
Oh, is this the guy that bounced it off the sidewalk and beat it up with a bat or whatever?
Were they a thing?
Yeah.
Right.
I just think that is so bad and stuff.
I think how long is he getting in jail for?
He should be in the electric chair right now.
So killing a creature much more valuable than he is.
Yeah.
I'm serious.
He should be dead.
I know.
Um.
Yeah.
Oh, aren't you going to ask him about Oprah?
Oh, I thought it was a talk show.
Like, like, talk shows, like Oprah's a talk show?
You thought what was a talk show?
This, like, you call it after that?
You just got through saying to me, you love my show.
I know, but I have to have to.
How can you love my show if you don't even know what it is?
Well, I was listening to it today.
Yeah.
And I like it.
And I like it.
And I like it.
Huh?
What do you watch that bitch for?
I don't know.
You have ruined my life.
You just destroyed any faith I had in the human race has just vanished.
I like it.
I like it too.
What?
I like Ricky Lake too.
Ricky Lake.
Yeah.
What do you like about Ricky Lake?
Her fat?
Does that blubber turn you on?
No.
Those big mounds of oozing yellow fat inside of her pupick.
Does that do something for you?
No.
So in other words, you're one of these bimbos that sits around and watches these stupid talking head shows
and watches all this contrive crap where people allegedly are screaming at each other and yelling
and getting into all this verbal made up abuses.
Is that what you like?
No.
Then what do you watch it for?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Let me ask you something.
Are you married?
No.
Are you planning on getting married?
No.
Oh, thank God.
You're not going to raise children are you?
I don't know.
You're not going to reproduce?
No.
No.
No.
Thank you very much.
We have an open line on the green line.
1-800-9, see what I mean?
Force sterilization.
Trace that, call George immediately.
Get up there and like fix her, okay?
Fix it right now before it's too late, before it's broken.
Boy, oh boy, is that pathetic or what?
She called to ask me what was on Oprah tomorrow.
So I hung up and then I went back to the computer.
Why would she ask you what's on Oprah?
I'll put her last.
Oh, well, of course, in order to find out she'd have to read it someplace, she can't read.
And?
I thought it was something you should have handled.
But she loves my show.
She doesn't know what it's all about.
She thought it was just a show where people called in and talk about subject matter like golden lab puppies.
You are America.
You are America.
You are America.
You are America.
Sweetheart, you are Miss America.
You are definitive America, right?
You are what's wrong with this country.
Mindless babbling fool.
Who sits there and watches all this problem who's spoon fed, who knows nothing.
Nothing, other than what comes spewing out at you over that tube.
Howard Beale was right.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
I don't know Neil.
I know.
Yeah.
What's wrong with her, man?
What's she smoke?
She's a dumb bitch.
Well, maybe that's it.
Maybe she's got the good stuff.
He's up in a little bit too much, huh?
Uh-huh.
Hey, man, you know, I'm sad.
You're sad about what?
I've been a dolphin fan for 24 years.
I'm changing.
Changing to what?
Why, because they lost the game?
I don't know.
Yeah, yeah.
It's a point.
I don't know.
It's a point, man.
Yeah.
They don't win a damn game.
Yeah.
Well, good luck to your good luck to your new team.
I hope they win every game.
We have an open line in day 7519-463.
Like I've said before, I didn't drop the dolphins because they win or lose games.
Okay.
I've made that very clear.
And people had dropped teams just because they don't win the game.
When you expect them to or hope that you're not a fan,
you're just another phony.
Yeah, I don't know.
That seems to be, you know what?
That's catching on it.
I am.
I am.
Love it after one at W-I-O-D.
That's the American answer to any question, baby.
I am.
What happened to that bitch in here?
Is that, uh, is that card still in here?
I don't know.
Oh, excuse me.
This is what I want to happen in my bedroom.
I want that inflatable to float away in a real woman to take her place.
Passion foams, a BMT midnight on News Talk and Entertainment Radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
I don't know what it is, but it's moving.
I don't know.
First, there was the club.
The anti-fept device that locks to the steering wheel of your car.
Then there was the cap.
The anti-fept device that prevents thieves from taking your airbags.
Now there's the ultimate in state of the arc-theth protection.
Introducing the crap.
Two and a half pounds of steaming human excrement that plops neatly
to the front seat of all domestic and most foreign vehicles.
Properly installed, the crap detours even though it's determined thief.
Hey, nice car.
They left it door unlocked.
Let's take this for a little spin.
Oh my God, someone took a dump on the front seat.
That is disgusting.
I'm moving on to the next car.
One whiff of the crap.
And thieves will move on to another car that doesn't have a steaming pile
of human excrement on the front seat.
We guarantee it.
Order the crap for your car today.
And anyone who tries to steal your car will be in deep?
Well, you know.
They'll probably get steamed.
I guarantee you that when they open that door.
115 at W-I-O-D.
I know that's what happens to me when I show up at work every morning out back there.
I open the door and I get steamed fast.
Here is a West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
In response to the guy that was on there a while ago from Pennsylvania somewhere
about the people down here not being able to read.
Yeah.
You know, he was talking about what was it?
Seven reporters covering a football game from one place.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Whatever it is.
You know, those people up there must be kind of dumb because it takes that many
reporters to cover a football game.
You know, we only need one down here.
Yeah, sure.
So, you know, what's with these people from up north?
I don't know.
They must all be dumb, you know.
It must be all dumb.
It is.
You know, they talk so bad about Florida and being down here.
Yeah.
I-95 in the turn pack.
U.S.1.
It all runs north.
Yeah.
And so they can take...
And south.
Yeah.
Well, they can take...
You know, they can take back.
We'll look them down.
Take them back with them, you know.
Yep.
You know.
You know.
We got a nice place down here and we don't need them.
Crap it it up.
Okay.
And response to him.
Signed or I'm letting you know, let him go back to Pennsylvania where it belonged.
Okay.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Let him go back up the old Hershey Highway to Pennsylvania.
We have an open line on the green line, y'all.
And 1-800-Y'all come back.
1-800-Y'all ride.
Thank God we don't got no nose pickers down here.
They're all over there in Tampa, Temple Terrace and Loots, right?
They're not?
Here's Hellendale on the purple line.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm here to defend and perhaps explain Brian Cox.
You're wasting your time, pal.
No, no, the statement.
You're wasting your time and my time.
Stop taunting the retard.
It's just...
We have an open line on the purple line, pound IOD, one on the green line, 1-800-Y'all.
4-400-Y'all, 4-600-Y'all.
1-800-Y'all, 4-400-Y'all.
See this last guy that just called a moment before this guy was on immediately after to prove what you said.
We got more stupidity per square inch down here than you'll find almost anywhere in the world from here to Uranus.
So I'll tell you that.
Did he say from here to Uranus?
If your car's life is over...
Go see Bendover.
You'll realize what you had was painest when you hop in and ride your
reinest. Oh yeah, you've enjoyed driving Mercury. You loved your Saturn. Now come and dig your
reinest. Love that new car smell? Nothing smells like your reinest. Dependability? No one has
ever got stuck in your reinest. Take the plunge, now be courageous, bend over and ride your
reinest. And if you like a car that holds the road, you couldn't wipe out your reinest
if you tried your reinest. Powerful, yet great with gas, need trunk space, rest assured you can
pack anything in your reinest. And if your reinest is rear-ended, our well-lover kidded joints
will soften the blow. Come to our showroom and pick out your reinest and leave that messy
paperwork to us. Check out your reinest. Take the dive line, Greg, blue, gain his bend over and ride your reinest.
I don't even want to hear about the negative stuff. Okay, one 18 at WIOD. That was that
shrink that call before right that said I was so negative. He don't even want to hear about
the negative stuff. Of course, somebody is holding a gun to his head right now and forcing
him to listen to the show for four hours every day. So it can't really be helping too many
of the people down here that need some serious help. No wonder we're not getting much accomplished
okay? Because this guy's being held at gunpoint, forced the list of the show and even call the show
and sit there on hold for 40 minutes every day. Speaking of needing help. Yes, that guy. Which
guy? The guy that needed help that I took his number. Yeah. Two very nice ladies with similar
situations or had gone through similar situations called up and took his number and they're going to
talk to him. All right. Thank God. See, see, there are people out there that think that this is nothing
more than a show for assholes. Okay? Well, let me just tell you right now the reason this show is on in this
market is because there are a preponderance of assholes in this town and that's why we perform a service.
But once in a while just by accident, just through a miracle, we just slip into a bucket of
stuff and we do something good for somebody like saving all these people's lives with the
Atkins diet for which I get zero and return not even a thank you for most of those people like
Mitch Lewis, like Mitch Lewis, who tells suds, oh, by the way, I lost 40 pounds in my life is
there's worth living now. Mitch Lewis, who don't know his puppet from his rectum exactly. How do you
like that? Saved his life. Not slanting, ladies, saved her life and after finally embarrassing her
to call after months of begging and pleading, she finally said, thank you. But that's okay. I can handle
that once in a great, great while just by osmosis, just through the accident of being alive, we do something
positive for somebody. Okay? Doctor. And by the way, anybody who would go to a goyish or
doctor, they need serious. I mean, there are probably some people go to an Italian doctor. Can
you imagine going to an Italian doctor who's probably overweight and needs your diet? Yeah, my
doctor's Italian. You got a problem with Italians, huh? You assholes. I've been a like
Italians. 121 at WIO D for
you better hide your high friend. The old man is on the
way. Come on.
God, if somebody just by some of those Victorments, he'd be a lot of fun at the party. I'll tell you that.
Oh, well, sometimes there's like a little afterbirth or at the end of those and you don't want to step on it.
126 at WIO D. Happy holidays, man. There's that holiday feeling in here in this joint like just about everybody's
getting ready to bail out of here and maybe not come back. If you missed the beginning of the show, I have an
award-winning letter from Jack Ely at freehold raceway here that would make hair grow in Uranus. I'm telling you, it was
just unbelievable. Talk about there, licking all over you one day and then you look at him
cross that, although it was nothing new. I've been ripping him and asked for months ever since he started bugging me
and calling the show. I've done everything but tell him, hey, you're a major asshole. Go away. In fact, I think I did
tell him and it's still didn't work. But evidently, I got to him, baby, because I got a letter here that I'm going to take
home and put in a frame. I'm framing it. Here's a lady mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, I just want to tell you that
anybody who thinks your show isn't good. They're wrong. You have a fantastic show. Yes, I do. And they listen to it in the
Bahamas. My son Philip Russell. He calls me to tell me things that you said in case I don't get you clearly over here.
Right. And the guys from Pennsylvania hit I-95 and head north. Don't come back, which is not for you down here.
We're too smart. That's right. Like that lady from Palm Beach to call before. Are they? I don't know lady.
Oh, okay. And now and to the Italians, the fat Italian doctor. Yes, get a magnifying glass and appear at
Please, find your penis and have a good day. Okay. Thank. Okay. Put her in the truck when that guy heads back to Hershey.
Oh my God. Are they something or else?
My doctor no longer happens to be so fat. And I got news for a sweet heart. I bet his penis is bigger than yours is, huh?
Marginally. She's knocking my doctor. I'm just making a little joke here and they're getting all
Surly. I'm the one that's so negative and hostile, right? My good psycho psycho babbling shrink friend over there at the Northwest Mental Health Center.
Boy, oh boy. We ought to be taking numbers. This man ought to be making house calls.
Of course, I understand he hangs around too long. He's real reluctant to say boy, boy.
Because those people are getting the caught nowadays. Here's Miami. Hello. Yo, yes, sir. What's up, man? I got a con. You made a comment earlier about
Marino going about football thing. Now you may come up Marino about he won every game single handed. No, I did not. I said he has won many games single
Handedly. Yes, but how could you say that when you're easily because it happens to be a fact? Okay, okay. How many how many times has he pulled the
dolphins out in the last two minutes of a game with pinpoint passes marching the team downfield? In fact, that one game a couple of weeks ago,
when he even ran with his bad knee and bad ankle and is aching what?
Well, every 15 years, what is it run? He doesn't even run. That's my point. The man is a statue. He can't run because he's got bad knees. But the point I'm trying to make to you was even with the bad knees.
He ran for the first down in that game and kept the drive going and that often pulled it out. Thanks mostly to him. Well, are you correct? I mean, well, I'm saying,
but you don't want to give him credit. Is that what you're saying? He's a bad guy now or what? What's his problem? What I'm saying is that they give too much
credit to me and not enough credit to receive with that dive with a bar that takes a big let me tell you something. If I would like to have a hundred dollars in my pocket right now for every
perfect pass he's drawn this year that was dropped, especially by Irving Friar. If you want to tell me, that's right. That's exactly right. What games are you watching? I've seen every game. What about it? What about it? What about it? I remember if you want to tell me the necessities with the one and losing the game. That's the reason we lost the game. He threw one. He threw one. So did Jim Kelly. Both both resulted in points.
I mean, how could he miss the guy? Couldn't feel like you thought it was tight? Yeah, and how about the interception? Jim Kelly through right to the guy too? Well, that's what I'm saying. Office can't capital. So in other words, he's not perfect. Is that what you're saying? How about the defense? That's the
defense that's been given up. He's overrated. Who would you like to have a quarterback? That's really we got super boring because of the marino and you know, you know, something is probably that great running game that probably is what's going to get us in the super
40 42 yards rushing 42 yards rushing Bernie Parmaley couldn't have gone through a through a piece of paper. Okay, what about what about Erwin spikes? We'll be able to play every
spike. He's too busy beating up his wife. Erwin spikes. Erwin spikes is the guy who was on an active. Let me say it again. Irving spikes.
He's too busy beaten up as white. No, that was not Terry Kirby. So you're absolutely wrong. Your full of crap. I was not Terry Kirby.
It was serving spikes. I'll bet you every dime in your pocket on it. Okay. And multiply times 100. It was serving spikes.
See, you don't know your crap. You just talk about your crap. I see it was it was Terry Kirby. Huh?
What was your inactive? Terry Kirby. Who was inactive?
I mean, Erwin.
Because they put him on the inactive list because he got in trouble with the police for pulling a guy.
They're under registered gunner because he had been beating up his wife and he's a piece of crap. That's why any other questions.
You better go learn your crap, Mr. You know, you're crap. You're get him in touch with a bridge tender.
You better learn your crap before you start opening up a big mouth. It was it was Terry Kirby beat up Irving spikes his wife.
Right. Right. No, it was Warren Moon. I think done it. It was Bobby Cox that done it. The dog done it. It was Brian Blades done it. How do you like that?
This business would knock in Dan Marino. See if Dan Marino were black. This guy be all over him like stink on stuff.
But it's the white guys on a team. They're the problem. I'm surprised you didn't bring up that stupid penalty.
They got who the hell's that number 93 George? Come on. They got that horrible off-sides penalty that kept that Buffalo drive alive.
That was the turning point in the game. How come nobody's pointing the finger at him? He's a white guy.
I can't think of his name and he's probably lucky that we can't. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay.
This is Neil. Yes, I am. Okay. I just have one comment about the dolphins. Um, defense every since all pro line back with John offered off.
We tried to defense has been going down. That's right. And we give it up. They give it up 30 and 40.
Given up 30 and 40 points to girls teams like the warlands and the Patriots. They've been given up all these points.
In fact, most of those games they played during that stretch. The team against them. We got their high total of points for the whole season. Right.
I have a question. Yes, sir. Was Brian Cox. Did was there when offered off of there? No. Oh, that's probably why you asked. Well, I mean, he was, uh, because offered all like two years ago.
I mean, offered all didn't really play. I mean, offered all the last couple of years. He was in. He was mostly out. Right. But when he played, he gave one hundred percent and more. Yes, he did.
He was also also we did not spit on the fans. He did not get in well, but a fist fight to get stupid penalties.
Yes, Brian Cox, I like that because they feel that they have to rely on him. But he learned sooner. When he's out of there. Yeah, which will be soon. Yes, sir.
So I'm going to show you show. Okay, pal. Thank you. See you. Open line in day 7519463. This whole. This whole dolphin business goes to show you. It's really fascinating.
First of all, I keep telling you so many of football game, but you don't want to understand because the some of you it's your whole life, which is very sad.
And number two, how many people in this town really watch those games objectively and see what's really happening very, very few.
Long before there was any feud with Shula, Brian Cox, anybody else in this radio station or yours truly or feel I'm here anybody else.
Long before that, I was coming on here and be moaning the fact that I would spend all of that money for those 50 yard line seats and go out there and watch a growth test.
And embarrassing performance. No pass rush, which you'll notice again this year. There is no pass rush Marina was sacked three or four times by the bills Kelly was sacked how many times the big old none.
And most of the time Kelly could have stood back there and written a letter to grandma and then throw in the ball. And only for the fact that he's got that bad arm.
Many of the passes he came up short or he just threw poorly. But no pass rush, no pressure whatsoever none and no running game and they can't stop the run.
Those are the same three things I've been screaming about for the last five or six years has anything changed? No, no. Some of the faces, some of the names, they don't got Bobby Humphries no more.
They don't got Sammy Smith no more. Those two guys who were running where they run into ball or running drugs. They don't not got Cleveland boy Gary anymore because they're for closing on his house and on his ass. Not as uniform.
It's the same old tired crap, including the coach, especially the coach. That's where it comes from.
But so long as there's ass kissers like Jimmy Cephalo and Jim Mandature round he'll love be here for a long time. Okay, as long as there people will uncover up the fact he's a daughtering old man who's lost it. He can't control these guys.
They can't make the personnel changes to solve the problems. It's the same same garbage every single year. No running game. They can't stop the runner. Secondary sucks by the way. We don't want to mention that about to well buckley and Jean Atkins.
And they can't run the ball. They cannot run the ball. They cannot run the ball. 42 yards of which 16 was by was by Keith buyers. And you notice a couple of plays there.
Late in the game when Keith buyers was like exploding making and they don't want to give them the ball. See he was doing a little bit too good. They'll make Bernie Parmilly look bad.
And Terry Kirby. So God forbid. Don't give Keith buyers the ball because he's really too good.
138 but hey what do I know because I'm only watching the same game you are 135 at W. I. O. D.
It is the action movie for Christmas in the tradition of films like Wild Bunch and the magnificent seven make up a movie's presence the wise three.
Arnold Schwarzenegger sliced a loan and Bruce Willis of a three wise men on a mission to the manger and they'll get there no matter what it takes.
I see the star now I make you see stars.
Not a stop action is the wise three make their way through the desert on the mission to end all.
Let's go we can't let the chef's get there first.
I'm a white man.
I'll bet 139 21 till 2 at W. I. O. D. the dumbing of America is nearly complete. Stay tuned standby. Here's dear field beach. Hello.
And you sir. Hey how you doing? Okay. Hey listen. I was out of town. I'm a bill span from Buffalo. I live down here. Self well congratulations sir. Nice job. Thanks. Well I was out of town till late last night and I was looking forward to getting all the all the reaction to the game this weekend on the radio. Yeah.
But I can't just from listening to you while I was holding I cannot see how anybody could say that this team that dolphins doesn't need a real a real house clean and start with the top. Right.
I mean. Marley Marley. V his out coach Don Shule and almost every game they've played head to head especially and of course when people look back and see that Miami has never ever in the history of the two franchises beaten the bills in December when it really counts.
That has to tell you something. It does tell you some and the and even even Jeff Cross of the dolphins said after the game that he knew the Buffalo coaches couldn't believe how easy it was to keep running the same place over and over like that end around the kept running with Steve Tasker.
They just kept running it over and over again and almost every time it worked because the dolphins make no adjustments. They go out there like they got mental lock jaw.
Exactly and this now and you're saying this this from a coach Marley V who's been I've coached himself on a few big games in his tenure with you know I wouldn't I wouldn't say anybody thinks that he's the greatest field technician not the greatest but when he's up against Shule man it's no contest.
Exactly. What you got to tell you something about Shule right there right anyway well listen it's good listening to you I was wondering if you could do me a favor. Yes sir.
I want to send my brother who lives up in Buffalo I'm I'm recording this and I want to send him that song you've been playing the last week or so about the you don't mean to foul mouth dolphins by any chance. Yes. Yes. How did I know have a great life pal that's a great way to play for me I sure will thank me if you say goodbye.
Alright. See you.
Just can't seem to be left alone in all of this is because they like saying.
Oh but they play football badly.
I love football.
The dolphins are cursing and man it's disgraceful
Cause Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying
Suck my ****, lick my ****, **** on you. Yes, they're saying
Suck my ****, lick my ****, mother ****, oh they're saying
Suck my ****, lick my ****, **** on you.
Suck my ****, lick my ****, **** on you.
Mother ****. And by the way, Brian, how's your mama?
143 at W.O.D.
Here's something positive going on tomorrow in the song,
Razz Nolas. Florida Panthers,
Mark Fitzpatrick and Rob Neeter-Marrow are going to be there
from 330 to 5 tomorrow afternoon.
And they invite you to bring an unwrapped toy to donate to toys for
tots in an exchange. You'll get an autograph from Mark Fitzpatrick or
Senator Rob Neeter-Marrow. It says or not both. Okay, I want to clarify
because if you're going to start bugging them both, Rob Neeter-Marrow's
spirit right in the post, okay? It's going to be a to
Sugglers Mills Mall tomorrow 330 to 5 and the autograph signing will
take place in the Blue Dolphins section of the mall. And speaking of
hockey tomorrow is a big hockey day for us. We got Jeff Remmer, the
voice of the Panthers on TV, which isn't saying much. But we got Don
Sherry, we got grapes from hockey night in Canada, from the Boston
Bruins, from the Rochester Amherst front, all that good stuff.
It'll be good. And we might even actually have like a whole
bunch of tickets to give away. Let's find out who's really on top
of stuff. Let's see who brings more freebies tomorrow. Jeff Moss
or Remmer, okay? The pressure is on. Let's see who really
comes through for me. Let's see who our real friend is, George.
Here's the North Miami. Hello. 93. Trace Arms front.
Trace Arms strong. Who with that great offside? Did you see that
place? You hit it right in the head. That was a turn down the turn.
Turning right into the game. It kept the drive alive with the
bills. Nobody even talks about that. And that guy went first down.
That's right. Only it wasn't even read cash and he still went
right down. He was in the other game. The Seattle game. He was first
down in the other game. Seattle. He was in the Seattle game. No.
No. Was it? No. What's what what what game was he was on that day?
He was in the Dallas game. Dallas giant. Dallas and giant.
What a shame that was. Man. Giant. Adam right where they wanted
him. And I just. You can just smell it coming. No. You just knew
that Dallas would wiggle off the hook. They were lucky. He's right.
Yep. And also I've been listening to past couple of days. Where
did these people come off? If they were redo. Wasn't around the
past 11 years. You know how media. Okay. Let me ask you the last
three years. How would you like to have had Bernie Kozar as the
starting quarterback. Join us wounded ducks. We wouldn't even be
500. That's right. I mean that guy. They would make the Jets look
like super bowl chance. That's what they would be somebody
possibly safe. But man is overrated. Doesn't that go to show you
what are on grateful bunch of bastards there in his town? Absolutely.
Absolutely. I mean with Shula at least you know you appreciate what
he did 20 years ago. But the fact is time is running by. But
Marino is still pulling games out of his ass. He goes out there.
He hurt the guy. He's got balls the size of elephant balls. And
this guy still gets knocked. Oh, it's all Danny's fault. Over
the overrated. Open your eyes people. Let's get somebody good like
Mark Ripett in there. Huh? And see if they ever win another game.
Nice talking to you. Good luck to his pal. See you. Yeah. And
again, the problem being that you're not dealing with knowledgeable sports
fans. Whether it's football they claim. Oh, this is football
country. Right. They don't know squat about football. They think
they do. But most of them don't. There may be a handful. Hockey
forget it. They know nothing. Nothing. The only thing they know is
John Fed Bees. Broke. That's that's the one name they know.
That's it. It's really sad. What do they know? What do they
know about besides snoring stuff for free? What do they know
about that they know well? And one thing that he's saying
well, well, it is Christmas. 147 at W. I. O. D. has your mailbox
box seen better days are your neighbors putting for sale signs on
your lawn because of the way that mailbox looks like a piece of
like a joke replaced that worn out box with a beautiful mailbox
from the beautiful mailbox company because there's nothing worse than a
worn out box from wall mount to curbside units. The beautiful mailbox
company is the biggest selection of mailboxes you've ever seen for
you probably can't even imagine how big it is. That what I'm trying to say
exactly from maintenance female boxes and cast aluminum fancy pedestal boxes
sturdy concrete and plastics to whimsical designs in wood and one of
the kind designs from a conno creek including the five foot tall manatee
box. Beautiful mailbox has exactly what you're looking for. And if you
don't see it they'll make one for you just the way you want it. For the
perfect housewarming gift choose from a hand painted ceramic or porceleted
dress plaque to order now for the holidays. In fact get your rest in there
and pick one up or if you can't decide get a beautiful mailbox gift certificate
for that somebody special installations available in date and
Broward and even in Palm Beach. Beautiful mailboxes they're open for you
Monday through Saturday from 10 to 4 and you'll find them right there on
University Drive just north of Griffin Road in Pristie just Davy. Call them
today and check it out a great gift idea and a great something for yourself
in your house too. 475 2020 475 2020 for beautiful mailboxes.
610 W I O D getting irritated yet. You my am a football fans are a bunch
of douche bags. Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh now in the office there's a guy named Melvin. He pretends that I am
a fibrous. You'll see how you ready we'll see. Whoa, man. Let's ring until the
wife is at a town. We're on the
high shade and join the parade. We're not talking about women.
We're not talking about women.
Oh, I got you there. Beautiful 153 at W I O D that's still number one
with 82 bullets and foul mouthed offens is like number two just a half a bullet
behind. Here's the mobile in pop it. Oh hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay.
First off, panthers are God. Yeah. And I think if they go through to you. I'm telling you,
I love hockey. When dancers first came here to Florida, everybody, you know, they, they, they gave
support whether they were there or at home, you know, they, they did get the
support not as much as they should have, but they did get support. And now they're
number one. Yeah. The best in the league. No one's come close to them. Yeah.
I think it wants to sell the team. I mean, this guy, this guy doesn't have enough money
there. He needs to. He wants to listen to times their tough man. He only made $102
million in the market in one day last week. I'm saying times are getting really hard.
I mean, this is a team that's number one and knows that they have everybody in Florida
looking out for them. Cause I mean, we've never really had a number one team in a long
time. Everybody is looking out for them. I mean, everybody is looking out for them.
Hey, I like those two or four or 5,000 empty seats that we have for most of our home
games. We're all looking out for them. Hey, Neil, screw them. I'm talking about us. Yeah.
I mean, you can't do nothing about the people that aren't going to come. What you can do is
try to do everything you can do. Yeah. I give you a lot of respect for that. Now, quick switch.
Yeah. I want to tell all the people that think that damn Marino isn't a good quarterback
just because he doesn't have one good game. This guy's got almost every record that there
is to be gotten and and and and what more do you want? You know what I'm saying? I mean, how
are you going to blame one man for a whole team? Well, he threw an interception. Don't
understand. He's supposed to be perfect. He threw one interception and that's the only
thing they remember. Of course, they don't remember that trace Armstrong jumped off
side and that turned the whole game around. They forget about that. They forget about
the fact that Buffalo ran for 208 yards in Thurmond Thomas most of it right through
that great Miami defensive line. They forget all about that. Yeah, but the Marino throws
one interception and right away he's a bum even though Kelly threw a major interception
and they hit a major fumble and they give the dolphins 10 point gift, gift points at the
beginning of the second half. Nobody remembers that either. That's right. Well, yeah, the 10
give points is the only thing that even let that back into the game. Of course, but
this is the dolphins. This is a team that gave Torell Buckley the game ball because he made one
play. That's right. That's it. At the end of the game. And listen, you know, who's an
important play, but how are you going to back everything up on one play at the end of the
game that if they were to play different in the middle of the game, they wouldn't even
add to give the game ball to him. And let me say one other thing about Keith
Vires. I don't know if you remember that after Buffalo went ahead 20 to 13 and
the Marino led that drive down field and Miami came back and tied it up. Do you remember
the great catch Marino led him to the outside and Keith Vires comes out of the back
field and goes down and makes that unbelievable over the shoulder catch. That's right. That
was probably the biggest play of that drive. Nobody remembers anything about Keith Vires.
Of course, I don't remember the last drive. How damn Marino got intercepted. How defense
couldn't stop. Well, these fans don't even deserve the dolphins because most of them
don't even understand the game that they're watching. They know nothing. You know, I mean, listen,
they're still hooked on the Buffalo Bill's been at a Super Bowl four times. So Miami
should at least go there five because we're better than them. But they get
to understand just because they don't win one game. The whole city, the newspapers,
everybody comes down on them. How does that make them look? You know, how does that
make them feel when they come to practice? What everybody says? Well, the fact is they suck.
They do suck. But they got a bunch of heartless bunch of crybabies. They got about
a half a dozen guys out there that really put out and they got the rest of them
are a bunch of crybabies, a bunch of spoiled assholes overpaid assholes. That's right.
They're running from the papers. They use them as excuses. And listen, I like
aggressive players, much as the next person. Yeah. For Brian Cox to punch somebody
because he got past you. You you whip. You couldn't hold him down. I know. Look, I'm
that Brian Cox. A couple of pounds. I thought he was a nice, no guy. Yeah. You know, you're
going to go pull something stupid. I just because you can't maintain the play. You shouldn't
be in themselves. No, he can't maintain his composure. That's a problem. And what are you
getting so excited about? So much exactly. Here's Vokon, a purple line. Hello.
Hey, I didn't want to talk about the dolphins or anything, but the other guy said
Merino doesn't. It's all his fault. But I'm not a dolphin fan or anything. But if
you put the Amorino on San Francisco or Dallas, I don't think they even lose again.
Right. That's right. You know, that is unbelievable. And when another guy said, what are you
talking about? Drop passes. The guy that got all bent out of shape. My God. Irving
friars dropped so many passes right in his hands this year. It's unbelievable. I bet you
even rock cuts. I never dropped so many balls right in his hands. Merino puts it right in
between the numbers all the time. Exactly. He's not 100 percent all the time, but neither is
Michael Jordan, but everybody's in sort can make mistakes. And of course, I noticed that none
of the local fans were complaining about the fact that Steve Bono started the Kansas City
Gameway. No business even playing that game for one down with the bad arm who couldn't
throw the ball a foot. And though everybody was very happy about that and saying, oh, hi,
we want a great game. We were great. What the hell were they? What game were they watching?
I would like to know what were they watching? What's going to happen on Merino or Tars?
You're going to hear a pin drop in Joe Robbie. Yeah. Now let me ask you a question.
Now Bernie's going to be out there. I'm telling you the wounded duck. It's in the mighty
ducks and the wounded duck. It's in the thing is, it's too late. La world. He's person now.
But if you looked at San Francisco, they picked up Mark Trustman who knows the Miami
Dolphins and they picked up Pete Kyle who knows the Dolphins. Why couldn't the Dolphins
have picked up these two young guys, bring new blood and teach fundamentals of ball
to these guys? Well, you don't understand in Miami. It's against a lot of pickup young guys.
In San Francisco, it's okay. Exactly. That's it. I get 32 o'clock. I want to let
talk about a Corvette real quickly. Yeah. I'm very disappointed. I got my Corvette
two years ago. What are you disappointed about? Because I want to trade it in.
They only want to give me 21,000 on a vehicle worth 40 now. It lost so much on its value.
I'm like, I'm in a position. He did get rid of it now or get rid of it next year when it
really hurt. I never heard of such a thing. I got I'm getting I always get great
trade in my vets. I don't know. I don't know. I better tell me well, it's only worth 21,000.
I was like no chance. No chance. Unless it's a hunger crap. How many miles
are on it? 20,000 miles. They told me because it's a six speed. It's the value. It's
not. It's a six speed. Well, what can I tell you? I got a tropical. That I was
going to see any marino and marooning. Oh, so in other words, you didn't go to
tropical Chevrolet? No. Well, what's that? That was wrong with you, man. Well, I'll
go there. Now I understand why you're getting the bum deal. Will you get over there
and tell Jack Lee, boy, I told him either or else. Jack Lee, right? Jack Lee,
Bo. Jack Lee, Bo. Tell him to either do it right or else. I'll do it after New Year's.
Okay. Take care. Good luck. Oh, boy. No wonder. He went to that Moroni. So anyway,
center one total is 90,000, 59 bucks. We thank your profusely area. But that's really
helpful to sound. Of course, you're helping yourself out because you're getting some great
stuff on there. Let me tell you, these are the best CDs this year. Even a Rick and
Suds might be worth looking at. I'm not necessarily saying buying, but looking at
and the best of Neil and the unplugged part two and the Phil Henry, which needless to say,
the Phil Henry CD is selling out everywhere. They can't even keep it in stock. That's how great
it is. So head for borders or just head for the border and have a great life. Still,
the only radio station that doesn't suck WIOD. My name is Fort Lauderdale. Use talking
entertainment radio. Six, ten, WIOD.
