Sister Mary Catherine Jesus
All right
Alex Bennett Steve chain Nick Lauren Scotting shape in Mike Gloris Scott Schwartz Herman and McBeam
Oh, Gail Bright Coleman Chandler Sandy B. L. A. Polar's and when Wow Steve's
Don't forget Bill why
Sharon Mahoney Johnny Dolan a. We nap Steve name is cobalt and Hummel Stan major Darcy McIntyre
The prize very Larry final coming for Sharon Francis Joan Hans sisters with you and the pair of parts
Oh, we can't forget the people
Though we try to hide them and forget we knew them
They used to work beside us
Even though this time they made us lose our minds and we barrel wick Alpantim being Gary Bruce Jeff Clark Johnny dark and Joseph Gackie
Goldberg Mc Green Marvin woman or me Stephanie Lewis Quinn and we're just don't forget between
These aren't all the people who are still here working and he'll still working
We are all just people who are out there giving just a minute
They go in
I wouldn't like to eliminate rabbits
Let's have that
And we're out there giving just a make a living yes, I am
12.06. The W.I.D. Hope you appreciate that pal
I had to look high and low and there was red and the goddamn computer
We have an open line of power at 5249463 now they're showing them and his brothers there
They're getting already again. Of course. We know they done it because they said we'd done it
But now it's well we got this hot shot bitch attorney and
We just remembered we were my last of his children and we were afraid for our lives
It was self-defense. It was self-defense. They were gonna kill us right
But we sure enjoyed that Porsche that we went out and bought and those Rolex watches and all the other fancy good stuff
And that's how we were able to get all the money to buy this fancy lawyer. That's how we're still alive
Open line and Broward 5249463 2 on the green lines which are out of business out of work and out of now
Wait till you hear this. I don't want to get back out of that topic again
You're the unmexitable, but in this whole article in this page is a
Darden signs with an agent to write in lecture. Okay, that's great
But next to it in the article about the NBC interview and all the protest and all the phone calls
There is one paragraph that is this is the epitome of what it's all about
Simpsons contact was NBC West Coast president
Don Olmeyer. That's the contact that helps set up this thing tonight
Olmeyer a long time friend
Olmeyer visited Simpson in jail and championed the X football players cause
Just prior to the start of the trial
Olmeyer told TV writers that not only would OJ be found not guilty
But that he is innocent of the crimes end of quote. I rest my case guilty
Both of them fry both the rest
So you see they got this incestuous relationship going on there
That's why he winds up on NBC for free tonight, and that's why you know it's gonna be a puff piece, baby
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello. Hi, Mayo. How you doing? Okay. I know I'm in a minority
I'm a white 47 year old male who has my doubts about his guilt. Yeah, however
Having said that yeah, if you want to give if you want to give credibility to tonight's piece
Yeah, instead of Katie Kirk and Tom Broke call they should have Marsha Clark and Chris darkened
Yeah, okay two open lines at Broward 5249 463 524 w. I would do you let's go to Miami on a purple line. Hello. Yeah, sir
How you doing? Okay?
Two things one of them
One I thought about a while ago, but yesterday that the religion the dog personality call was the greatest call of all time
Thank God was a bozo. I mean he really believes in it and then that's good
He should believe what he wants, but he doesn't believe dogs have personality
And the said the sad part of it is he says he's got dogs. Yeah
That's the worst part, but this guy that just calls about the about not buying food at the stadium. Yeah, I think
This is some kind of protest. Why do I have to see if tickets? I mean
He writes a check for five thousand dollars a year for four tickets, right?
And then he's not gonna spend the ten bucks to buy the food right? I just think he's cheap
I don't think that he's
Protesting or maybe he's getting too much indigestion from the crappy food or so and that's possible unbelievable
Yeah, all right nail your god and have a great life. Yeah
Open line and a purple line pound out of you that guy yesterday that calls see that's why I love I love those discussions on religion because
Everyone that calls into defend the indefensible they make total jackasses out of themselves
Well, yeah, he's a dog lover, but dogs don't have any personality and dogs don't have any feelings
Everything they do is instinctive
That's right so when the dog sees you come home from work and he's wagging his tail and jumping up and down and
Slobbering all over your face and looking you all over the post
That's because he's not really happy to see you
He's just doing it because he's conditioned to doing it. Well who taught him to do that?
Who taught him to do that?
Was there somebody inside the house the first time you left the house and they said to the dog?
Oh, here's Shmendrick is home you better go there and here's what you do you jump up it down and look him all over the face right
Or like if you let you let the dog get off the sofa you jackass and he gives you that wounded look in his eyebrows
Going a certain way and like he goes into the corner and sucks
He's not really heard his feelings. He just does that instinctively only human beings have feelings, baby
And you're killing mine with your Stone Age bull crap
With your God bull crap with your Jesus and Moses all of it. I'm not picking anyone. I'm telling you all of it
It's equal opportunity bull crap
But it's a lot easier to
Spue all that bull crap than it is to grab the bull by the horns and say hey
We're gonna eliminate all these horrendous things that are going on and we're gonna start acting like civilized people now
We don't want to do that God will take care of it. This is his plan some plan, baby
Boy nice screenplay
610 W I O D set your page or the vibrate oh
Neil my queen
God
Welcome to Bible stories today
Jesus plays baseball
No
Well, Satan steps up to the plate. He's batting 6666
Oh, it's a hot ground to the Jesus the short soft wall right through his hands
Here comes angels better. Drought the dugout. He looks really steamed. I think he's gonna pull Jesus out of the game
Join us next week has Jesus tries out for the handball team
Happy poem and circus 1215 and W I would be so anyway down all my are we had a spy report off the year
And I guess I should remember this but it's so damn long ago. It's like a lifetime ago down all my or OJ's close personal friend from his days with NBC
He's the guy that introduced him to Bobby Shapir. Oh, yeah
And said hey, this guy is gonna put together for you the dream team and get your ass off you stupid bastard
No, I don't think yeah, you better listen to me man. He gonna get you off and sure enough. He got him off
And Don Olmeyer's the one who set this thing up on NBC tonight and you people out there
You think there's some credibility involved in this you think that this is gonna be something worth watching
And then you're gonna sit in front of the tube and you're gonna just stick your stupid head in there and get sucked in again. Yes, I am okay
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir? Great. Hey, listen
We've decided I'm out here training a new guy for the company
We decided we're not going to participate in the violence of America and watch OJ tonight
Okay, we decided to do something much more less violent. We're gonna take our wives and go see seven
Okay, that's good and
See Brad Pitt and see OJ. Yep. That's it for any day of the week man
Or maybe we can do something really really plastic like seeing silence of the lands again. There you go
Yeah, much less violent to know Jay right okay one shameless request. Don't forget to bring the Keoni
Would you play it what would you play one shameless request woman? Yes, sir? I want to hear a Neil God
Okay, and I want to hear it loud. Okay. How are we going? See you. He wants your Neil God
He wants to hear it loud. You hear that George? He want you don't just want to hear it
He wants to hear it real real loud, which I don't think it's on his you know
I am so sick of this computer. I'm serious. Let's take this thing up front and stick it right up Bob Green's ass W.I.O.D
Loud enough
Four power than a else president say man. I'm the most powerful god damn man in the world. Yes, I am
Four power than a else president say man. I'm the most powerful god damn man in the world
Six for never to get that taste and smell out of your
While 86% of newborn boys in this cupier of circumcised the procedure is widely performed without any sort of anesthesia
I have no preview
I
Is
I will not patronize blockbuster any other company that perpetuates this kind of behavior
It's me again is an OJ on provocateurs
I
Those
That is great radio. I am that hemorrhage. Don't we have a longer court than his piece of crap? Look at this
Look how short this damn thing
I'm gonna take this court and I'm gonna shove it right up his ass. Oh Neil
This place operates like a freaking nut house it really does I want to be left to freak alone, okay?
She does their fail there's doing that crap again out there
Oh
Okay
1219 and W.I.O.D. We have an open line of power 5249463 if you move real quickly now, okay?
Let's play that little psych game with the audience if you move real fast
You might get in and we might give you a million dollars in cash, but I sure doubt it
Let's not go perpetrating no hoax on the public again, okay?
We'll get that guy real upset that called Phil yesterday. We're calling the FCC. Wow
Because Dan marino is retiring from football and guess what he is someday
Maybe not today. Maybe not next suckers, but someday
Someday he'll be retiring from football
And at that point people all over this juvenile town
Will be weeping and sobbing. They'll be drowning like Alice in her own goddamn tears rantell
Here's North Miami Beach hello
Hey, Neil how you doing? Okay, sir happy suckers and back to you. Thank you
I was at the dolphin game on Sunday and I saw this something
This was that way after the game. I hung around because I wanted to miss all the traffic. I noticed some
Dolphin players. I think urban friar and some other cold players down there kneeling and squatting and they were kneeling on it
Doing some prayers. Oh, yeah, very very disturbing. Can't they do that in the locker room or something?
I don't know what that's all about what that be all about well
Irving of course, you know he's born again
And he put you know I had somebody called yesterday about isn't it greater?
Ving put his whole life back together in yada yada yada because he was a wife feeder in a piece of crap
And a deadbeat and now he found the Lord and of course and like I said he's weakened he needs a crutch
And if it works for him, that's fine. Just don't ponder off on me. I heard he stabbed his wife
He stabbed his wife. I heard it was a knife injury or something. Oh, well, whatever
Shameless request. Yeah, it seems to be going around with football players
Yeah, act the wife. Okay. Thank you for for Irving
For Irving in no object and Irving spikes right his wife. That's right
Open line of days 751 11 on a blue line 524 94 you're just killing some time now and where is the Andy Aruni Jeff Moss where did he?
Where's our little buddy Jeff Moss who should be called in see we didn't need the call on Monday
That was too early Jeff
We needed the call today. Well, like in the middle of the show while I still got some time to help you out
This is like the last two seasons all over again
I'm trying to be a help to you man
I'm trying to put some more asses in those seats at the arena tonight
Exciting game a big game. You're gonna get to see that Schmeckle Koyvoo that rookie for Montreal
It's supposed to be so great and you'll get to see our new improved dynamic offense in a team that scored some goals for the Panthers
tonight
But you can't see it unless you're there. I don't think it's on TV is that I hope I pray
I mean if we have to listen to Rimmer again. Oh Jesus
Although of course if it ain't on TV that's even worse because then you got to listen to Chris more if you're not going to be there
So that's all the more reason to be at the game because nobody wants to hear Chris more
There is no more disgusting and revolting thing on the face of the earth and listen to that man pretending to be doing play by play on a hockey game
He ought to be in prison right now in federal penitentiary for impersonating a hockey broadcaster foster
He would is doing cartwheels in his grave
Fred Kusik is threatening to come down and poke his eyeballs out
Mike lying is saying uh
Michael Michael up your ass
I don't see now. Let's see here's the thing is it on TV is it on TV is sunshine
uh
What
Home games
Well what is it on TV or is it not on TV or not TV
It just says TV sunshine. Oh, it is on sunshine. So like I said Rimmer will be there
So that's another good thing you don't have to watch OJ turn over to sunshine and hear rumors say they scores
It's 1223 at WYOD
And now health tip number three from Margaret
In the morning when you wake up be sure you go into the bathroom and turn on the shower
Get in under the water and use soap to hose yourself off
Next week more tips for those of you who live inland
Phil Hendry 2 to 6 p.m. on news talk and entertainment radio
610 WYOD
From 26 at WYOD you know speaking of Rimmer
He denies vehemently thanks that I'm just making that up just to be a hardass
I want to give you the seek I got the tangible proof
I don't just shoot from the hip shoot from the lip and talk a big bunch of trash like denies pot fan
When I tell you what it said I got the tangible evidence right here listen very carefully
Garpent law makes the shot cross-ice willy in off the point willy gives it the barons melambique
Benson in front setting the
Screen tab or actually doesn't see
A power play call
These days scores
You know I'm gonna tell you something Rimmer
A good guy but you could sure take some lessons from a real professional
1227 at WYOD see there's a real hockey but by the way the new guy for the islanders is excellent
I don't know what his name is but he did that leaves islanders game last night
He's really damn good you could get some pointers from him
Anyway, here's the facts that says Katie Kurek is married to defense attorney Jay
Monahan
She's married to defense attorney Jay Monahan
Oh my god, this is the biggest con job
I say the people that NBC ought to be given at least 30 years for this is that incredible or what well here's the facts from
Roberto
In the midst of
Papabadi today wants to buy. Yeah young Neil up there
Okay, my enthusiasm for that facts just waned
We have two open lines in day 7519 463 so we got all these
OJ as liquors on air who put this thing together tonight and it's gonna stink even worse than that
Dianne Sawyer piece with Michael Jackson in exchange for ABC getting the
Exclusive on that video nice real nice and you're sucking up to it and you're gonna watch it and believe it
Yes, I am here's Fort Lauderdale
Hello hello Neil yes sir enough of this OJ stuff. Yeah, right is this crap. Well, what do you want me to do about it?
I can't we can't stop why don't we do it's like that dyke man
There's stick in her finger in it and it still keeps leaking
What sport do you like now you name it?
You like hockey anything. Well, what do you mean? Do you listen to the show?
Do you do you listen to the show? Yes, I do then how do you know? I don't like how would you not know I like?
Everybody though now. What does that mean you put down everybody when I listen you put down hockey the Miami dolphins
I put wait. Well, when did you ever hear me put down hockey? When did you ever hear that? What was this last repertoire about?
Thanks for it. They scored
Did you hear what I was saying do you understand what I don't know but it was dirty and disgusting
I hope you stick it up your ass you filthy old foul mouth bitch
What a jackass
We have an open line in date 751 one one and powered five two four what a jerk
What was that rumours boy that was Dino sister rally calling long distance from Detroit?
We just race to call its deno's place. He didn't say anything by the way. I don't care
No, I know, but he tried he got it all wrong. Oh, in other words, he didn't even get a right and so what was it supposed to be?
Kushmer and Takas coxah hois
Halt your in bud. What was he supposed to be saying?
Well, he got the horror word right, but that was the only word the rest of it was gibberish
Oh, well, thanks for your gibberish pal. Oh, can't go get a life all right. Yeah, I'm knocking hockey
I put more seats in that house asses even Wayne sent me a thank you know the other day said thank you so much
But don't read this on the air because I don't want to ruin our public a few that's going on
Yeah, Wayne and me are pretty tight. Okay, in fact the zits are starting to rub off
Here's mommy sure is on the purple line. Hello. Yeah, here we go. Yes
How'd you like that go it guy
Yeah, I think he was talking about grapes hanging from the stuckus hammer. It's yeah. Yeah, he's got the grapes of raw this guy
Anyway, uh, I don't know if you did anybody mentioned paper this morning. It said that
Cochrane is gonna be off camera
giving hand signals
He's gonna be doing a black power salute baby. All right. He's gonna be giving hand signals to Simpson and what to say and what not
And during a during the outbreaks, which there aren't going to be any breaks
But if there were I guess he'd come in maybe do
While he's on there talking now secondly secondly, yeah, uh, is that
That he would have to refuse to answer questions
That might
So then what is he gonna answer? Is he gonna be fine? Yes, please pass the water right
That's it. I have to tell you also. I've been with you know something
I never thought about that sir
You've done a tremendous pubic service
You might actually influence a few people out there like one or two to realize what a bogus waste of time
This is because the goldmins have already filed that civil suit
It's gonna happen. He's gonna have to testify and that's gonna be like a cost him a lot of money
Maybe and he's gonna have to say oh well. I can't answer. He's gonna do a mark firm and I want to assert my fifth amendment privilege
He's not even on a witness stand. He's only gonna say what he wants to say. Yeah, he's gonna say how's my friend Bryant doing?
Yeah, he wears costus so we can scope out those games this weekend. All right one other your side note douche bag
I've been listening to you for 20 years. I went on the yackens diet. I lost 17 pounds. I feel fantastic
I got to exercising. I can do three sets of 30 push-ups each and I'm 69 years old. All right
There you go keep it up. Okay
There's one of the meaningful calls which we really get one on this station, but there's one right there
Except of course those brilliant people over calling Phil yesterday. Why are you doing this to us? It's a fraud
We just called a dish-jockey. We know what he said. Yeah, we called some dish-jockey
Arena was just done with the Zagaki by the way and he did say on channel six news
He said he's gonna read our channel four. Oh, that's bad. I keep getting that screwed up
He's gonna retire
someday
What show is that from that song, George? Is that like West Side Story? What's uh musical is that from someday?
Huh
You don't know you don't know your musicals. I'm a few bars. Huh?
I don't know what you're talking about someday. Isn't that the name of the song?
How does it go?
Slowly
Here's I think Luis is gonna sing it this weekend. Here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hey, what your name is
Open line of Broward 5249463 524WYOD here's the lady in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hi, Nail. Yes, ma'am
I've been listening to you for a while first time I've called great
Um, the reason I'm calling is because I heard you mentioning Hazel Park racetrack earlier. Yes, ma'am
You remember the bowling alley that was behind it
Uh, vaguely. I mean I never went in there by sure. No, it was there
Well, I used to work in it. We used to send our bets over to racetrack
11 mile into quinter you got it. Yeah, yep
You got it. We used to while we were working we'd listen we could stand on the front porch of the bowling alley and hear the horses going
Really? Yeah, and you could hear that voice of Jack Riggs. That's right. Yeah, that's right
So we used to listen and then we all knew we lost so we'd have to go back in and get back to work
Yeah, I had some good times up there at the track in Detroit. I had years of great times. It was a it was a good place
Yeah, well enjoy the game tonight. Okay. All right. Thanks. Bye-bye
How do you like that somebody calling about Hazel Park about harness racing almost unheard of in this town?
Okay, where most people are deadheads like that guy that called before with this filthy uh, disgusting mouth
Oh, what do you like? What's more, you're always talking? Yeah, I'm not gonna ask holes like you is what I'm not because we got too many of men's world
That's what we got
I say youth and Asia, baby, that'd be a good place to send you
Oh, by the way, somebody was telling me George that you're right, which I hate to admit that people from the far east
Do not like being called Oriental's people from the Orient like to be called Asians
Yeah, that's that's exactly what was said because like Oriental is like a rug Oriental rugs Oriental
Trinkets anything Oriental chachkis like you know inanimate objects like the Chinese
But the people they want to be called Asians. I was shocked when I found out
You were shocked. Well, I've been saying it all my life too calling them Oriental's yeah, and what about the
Jojita what do we call him just a little jab? Jojia. I guess it's good enough for him
That's good enough for him
What a piece of Drek he turned out to be just you know, he ought to be a Barker at a circus
Maybe he can be on the prices right
Because that's what he turned it into but we're not getting back into that again. Let's come on. Let's stop
Let's get away from it
Let's talk to somebody a Greek like Kostas. Hey Neil. How you doing? This ain't Bob Kostas is it? Nope
Okay, I don't want to talk to none of OJ's asshole buddies
So you're gonna be at the game tonight Kostas? You want like I told you I have to take care of some business with my dad
So I'm just gonna be on Friday night taking care of some business with your dad like during the game at night
Now what kind of business is gonna be like a some kind of a drug dealer something? What is that like late at night?
I told you I told you last time when I talked to you that he came to visit me
I haven't seen the guy for like two years. Yeah, he's a bit of four a week or two. Well, I'm sure he didn't enjoy
He'd love going to the hockey game. Yeah, he did man
He was just freaking out with the body check you couldn't believe how like brutal the game is
I mean, you know, he was like oh, I got to can't believe that lot of stuff like that
But like hey, that's the way the game is well of course being Greek
He probably figures it's hard for them to hold on to the soap. We get hit that
Yeah, and bending over to right?
Anyways, I'll see you on we're gonna get some Panther Park on Friday night. You don't have to have anything to eat
I will not be there Friday night. Oh, you're not oh maybe costus would like my two seats for Friday
I'll go because I'm planning to go and because I have scored
At until 12 so it's not gonna get off school on Friday. I'm gonna go get some Panther Park
God can't afford a big seat, you know, so me and you can have my two for Friday sweetheart
You you're sure I'll bring you in tomorrow. All right. You'll have to come and get him no problem tomorrow or Friday
That's fine, but I'll give him the Georgie boy. You come on down because I hate to see those empty seats
You'll be able to sit next to Dennis and maybe if you're real nice to him, you know
Oh, he'll teach you all about it
Everything okay hang on amigo. No problem. Oh wait, man. Why do you have to hang on? I don't hang on anyway
Okay, hang on yeah, take cuz like it is last day and all good stuff
So we know who the hell we're talking all or he's gonna come in. I don't know just get his home phone number
That's a good way to do it. It's 1236 at WIOD
610 WIOD your scan button is now deactivated
That the birds a liar the birds a liar the birds a liar
Farridge said that the birds a liar the birds a liar the birds a liar the birds a liar the birds a liar
Farridge said that the birds a liar the birds a liar the birds a liar the birds a liar
The birds a liar. It's about a couple of years of the we're gonna go to the
Buyer to set the stage in the environment in the atmosphere for a guest a Colorado. What are you doing libator?
i was watching fatso and i thought he
that we were just watching it here too
yet the george said yeah
the small world after all it's like we're linked by the global whatever
yet by that stupid too bright did you did you hear when i said the pita said
that the honey tuned yet
yet you heard that
now it just started it just started like about five minutes right cuz you're on
a west coast
yeah we already had a couple hours ago where we had you can
well excuse me how you doing out there you got any a landed any big parts
because that means that uh... you've seen the joj interview already
yet he said he did it
yeah so uh... yet because dot olmyron all these other pal's of oj and the
uh... all the nbc people it's an incestuous relationship in a role in
her just high-fiving and broke us like uh... have a few drinks
i like how we got slam dunk the gavel after the trial was it why aren't you
answering and oh by the way uh... tom broko's gonna stay up at the end of the
interview and give the black power salute
uh... nbc's trying to go stop those numbers so why don't you answer my question
about how you do it out there you're gonna be starting a slice the low
movies are what's going on
and i was like the low movies yeah
uh... so what's going
it's very competitive out here yeah
but uh... met some wonderful people and i'm just doing my thing you know
which is what
live enough residuals and money
yeah
yeah struggling
no i'm not struggling i'm having a great time i love this town
based on what it's a horrible place
li
you know that i don't know my
you of all people whenever you travel around the world you always talking about
all
rooms such a great town
uh...
right that's right
bossed in toronto roam uh... you know that i'm that has like a hundred
thousand things to do compared to a place that's right there's a hundred
thousand ways to leave this planet
that's right
i went to las vegas for the first time in my life about two weeks ago
yeah
it was uh... it was beautifully tacky
death that's a good way to describe it
i know i love that and had a great time i had a wonderful time right it's
glitzie it's tacky and it's sensational and it's a blast and that's what
people are
i'm glad it's like three or four hours away though because uh... i fell in
love with crap that never played it before my life
yeah i take one every now and then
yeah
what's in a while
i was like i stayed up till six in the morning one time shooting the dice man
it was wonderful i would have had a couple of nights like that after ponytail
brought food and i was up till six in the morning with crap
yeah
but anyway
it's a cool to come back to blackjack and everything is like when they hand you
the dice is like about a dozen people around the table going come on
exactly
you feel like a star
you're all stirring at that come line
yes
well that's illegal here the public pretty pissed off about it anyway uh...
you like
lily he likes that's because i guess he didn't have drugs before he left that would
make a difference where he was
it is so cool here man you know what in what respect
there's so many things to do compared well i'm not going to compare to anything i'm
you know i'm
you know i'm
even an entry georgia there's more things to do than in my am
well maybe that's right i'm just my ammy but i'm going to come back to you miss my
ammy
i mean i'm not coming back but i have to visit
all in by the way guess what but paxon just uh... bought into a real winter
man everything he does turns to crappy just bought you of him a football this
season and there are one in three and nobody's going to the games they turn to
crap so that i'll make you happy
six years off so what yeah that's right
yeah they get a he-owned dog tv station out here does he really
yeah and what are they peddling on it
huh what are they peddling on it
info merciless or something probably probably run for appeals on her 20
hours today and the rest of the day to selling uh...
there's a great article in the of all places the washington monthly about three
months ago talking about how he and
people that run those type of channels
uh... get most of their money from little old ladies that are addicted to uh...
that's right it's just like jen and paul crotch only different bunch of
ladies yeah
some of marbayan salvation some of marbayan paste it's just you know
whatever you want to buy
so it's it's great it's like you know every night there's something to do here
it really is cool i love it here yeah well i'm going to hockey game tonight
panthers i'm going to a top browning film festival and i'm going to see luiz
maguette friday each your heart out how do you like that
the official freaks here they're going to talk to you i'm going to go see old
silent movies you're going to go see freaks
i was thinking how did you know about that because it was on uh... hb o here a
couple of days ago and feel Henry who's a big top browning fan-fake feel Henry
gave me that book about top browning really yeah
the dark dark carnival whatever that's called yeah i'm i'm not the writer last night
well how do you like that isn't this amazing how it all kind of like
you're fits together yeah what goes around come through around yeah
what's still Henry he'll be jealous because i'm going to go see three of his films
tonight at this film festival he won't be jealous
see that now that's something there's a perfect example
feel Henry is from there saying and he don't he don't want to be
in fact feel Henry worked at kf i yeah that's the one that has the funny billboards all
one that really blows it's got those in fact the day that the oj verticame down last
twos day uh... so we had not only the ap audio line on but just to make the
cheese more binding we had the kf i line on in here uh... and i put it on the
ear for a couple of minutes and they had to uh... guys talking like this do it
know it was like rock and roll talk i've never heard anything so incipited
embarrassing in my life it made it made the lightbulbs out like uh... k m o x
that's one thing about this town is like it's very cosmopolitan but like uh...
key balance been here for like five you know it's kind of like you look like a
billboy or yeah like wink martin dill right exactly yeah well listen grab my junior honey
now don't leave yet i have a talk to you in a long time yeah what do you want
my suggestion was while i'm following my uh... movie career here yeah it'd be a great idea for you
to maybe do a show out here and i can be like your side well i'd be dynamite out there i'd be the
biggest thing in the world out there and of course we own kf i but god forbid we don't want to put
neo-rodgers on out there see let me tell you a little bit little inside story on cots broad casting
i was thinking about this this morning funny you should mention it uh... one thing that they don't
want any of their people to be is too popular it would never want to have a rush limbaugh or you know
what i'm saying anybody who was on a national scale because if they become too big then they're
gonna start wanting some real big money and then they're gonna have a problem so like with fill
Henry who's a genius to guys one of the funniest people in the world they just dump on fill Henry
man i mean this guy's got the opportunity he could be like global is guy and all they do they don't
sell his show they treat him like uh... you know well you're really funny but the governor in
shut up and it's the same with me you know so uh... it makes a lot of sense but never gonna happen i
would just outfit you guys should come out here you would be great yes sure i don't know why you
would like to be lost angelus to me it's been a lot of what is the most frightening say i've been
here a million times it's a toilet it used to be great it used to be no so the Detroit used to be
great Los Angeles blows uh... not violent it's a festering sewer so who's going to a hockey game
who's going to a top browning festival that's your answer you go i risk my case okay i see your point
have a good time with all those freaks okay you'll fit in like a bloody glove take care of yourself Dave
good fun see you Dave Caprita who just can't get enough of us we have an L.A.
she's gave me a break of all the places if he said oh i'm out here in Seattle having a great
all right i've never been here but i hear Seattle's great i'm here in Vegas uh... anywhere but L.A.
oh what a toilet what a pit of crime and fear it's like i've told you before it's the only
place i've ever been in my life where you can feel the fear just walking down the street not at night
during a daytime you're just walking around supermarkets and you're like uh... i'm going to get
mugged i'm going to get murdered here i can feel it i can smell it it's kind of like here you can smell
the navel in from the old people in the area you can smell the tojam you can smell the death in the
year here well out there you smell death from like young people because that's this body is all over
the place it makes here seem like uh... you know tranquil and peaceful and uh... non violent that's how
bad L.A. is and anybody wants to debate that man your full of crap
at six ten w i o d would we say news we mean business
we're here closing his east restrictions to travel to Cuba by Cuban Americans academics clergy and
students in a for rent up mass news today's on news talk and entertain the radio six ten
w i o d as in the fable the ugly duckling grew into a swan jackpot i'm a tough news broad
what was that was that last one anyway jacky bales of course her most famous line on i o d was
we're looking at ten inches and i said was because there are a lot of rumors disturbing rumors
around the building that jacky has a bailed and i'm not really sure something to do with a
fist fight in a kayak with Jennifer or something about that we'll get all the details for you
here all we'll get all the straight dope because then try to keep everything a secret just like
the sex bitch going off the air and tampa aw we're sitting on that yeah bet you're sitting on it
here's north miammy hello hey afternoon now when is this how you doing i'm doing pretty good i just
wanted to say the day of the verdict i was working as an intern at a radio station yeah and i really
don't want to name it why not all right well it's packed w i n z zeta and love well what do you mean zeta
and love well i'm close over on both stations no it's all in the same building i know it's all in
the same building but what station you weren't interning on all the win that was in the win the
sooner that's what i just said but didn't you just say yes okay yes why would you more a little more
agreeable just keep saying yeah that's all you got it anyways i just want to say i couldn't believe
the reaction it was just it was an amazing thing and i just want to say that i will never give this man
another ounce of anything any man what moment of my time would be too much and tonight i'm going
out i'm going out with a good friend we're going to just place some golf and shoot some balls and have
a good time yeah that's good going out at night and chip it a few golf balls around where'd you
get that idea oh it's free with my college there you go there you go okay pal chip a few for us
slice those balls we have an open line at day 75194 that's what they always say in Spain at the
bull fights slice those let's go to uh what was that we just do north mimey i believe we did
here's curl gables hello yeah yes sir Neil i think i know we had f a a guy yesterday was the f a a
guy yeah one they call for Henry the FCC guy or fda yeah yeah that's uh that's what i'm super
rising here my job and he's always trying to get everybody's uh button trouble yeah i think that's him
i had him think i got his name i know he is i got all the hours great let him have it man
well uh i need we know i need some support here to take him down look at brats he's on a way
over pal see ya yeah this guy that called Phil what a real pseudo intellectual and you don't know
the FCC law and you have your third class license i got news for those of us who sit in here who
have nothing to do with reading meters and anything technical in there other than running this little
board we don't need no license anymore pal that's been that way for about the last 600 years since
marcoony was an infant so what you know about radio what you know about the FCC and about their
regulations what you know about causing a panic and spreading rumors and hoaxes etc is menisquil
you could stick it in your ass and have room for the whole planet left over okay but give it a shot
we have an open line in day 751 wiod one and brown word five two four so what are these rumors about
Jackie bales little secret noise from somewhere yeah that's what it sounds like for a lot of
day on the purple line hello hey nail yes sir oh hi don't know okay long time listener uh i've got a
couple things on the menu i got to thank you for the doctor atkins yeah um i've given it to or
asked my wife to pick up the book and given a couple books out to some friends and um
it's really working out great losing bounds left and right just fantastic beautiful um and pretty soon
you lose a few in the middle too uh they'll a lot of that at um five days after birth circumstances yeah
moving along moving along yesterday when you're talking about religion oh my god was i going nuts
absolutely i was raised in one of these um right right wing family oriented religious
goody two shoes goody two typical lie through their teeth phony baloney assodial
oh beyond belief yeah but worse than that i was stuck in the middle of a jungle in a
thorough country delivering the message to all the um three climbing fools um in a jim don't forget
don't forget life is beautiful man so let's go out there and make a few hundred babies today
because life is beautiful what i couldn't understand um
um hello yeah i'm here i'm right here i'm sitting on it um what i couldn't understand is being
that god spoke so much through so many people and through the hires up in the um in the hierarchy or
whatever but um never told them how much um a child abuse was going on there right underneath
their nose yeah and um how much uh children were being persecuted by the religious god yeah
sexual abuse and well you don't understand god don't have time for that because he's busy uh with
all these football games he's got a lot of football guys saying a lot of prayers he's got to respond
to Irving fryer and a guy from fsu uh who plays for Kansas City he's got to respond all his
football stuff going on he don't have time for that uh nickel and dime stuff now it was so much
that those up to the 20 or so children out um when we were like eight or nine years old being
sexual abuse four or five times a week and by the um by the uppers in the in the hierarchy i mean
it's absolutely ridiculous right in the rectory and um i don't know to listen to these idiots
calling up and defending their their bubble my fingers absolutely i mean i was going insane
yeah but that's what the world's about man should bunch primarily this country a bunch of really
stupid people have been brainwashed cannot think and they just uh they don't have the guts to
challenge all this garbage and see through it and that's really sad and until they do until that
happens nothing ain't gonna change yeah and uh five years ago i converted over into Judaism yeah
i had a christianity boy is right and i went through the schooling and the research and all over again
yeah um and just to find out um that hey you know hypocrisy is rampant in any kind of organized
religion and and nothing no matter how many times you switch or how many switch hitters you may
encounter it's never going to change that one fact religion is hypocrisy and that's right julio
if you want to live your life you got to get off your ass and get out of the pew and start thinking
for yourself and start and going out there and meeting it head on and doing it all you get out
of the pew and meet it head on amen never a better words been spoiled don't forget pal happy
and happy circus to you open line on the purple line one on the green line and uh how's jackey
bale's doing so we fire people so what six ten w i o d my m e ford lauderdale 86 degrees next news up
day two o'clock bulletins at once i'm jennifer ram news talking entertainment radio six ten double
get i o d yes how's jackey doing i don't know you don't know i don't know but don't you have a
nose for news i do but that's not newsworthy gotta go gotta run gotta cry
see ya it's the one to two hour welcome to the language learning cassette tape 42
Japanese here are some phrases that will help you understand what the Japanese are saying
translation you are a lazy illiterate and unskilled American laborer
madamolo sumi san koko ga mi hi translation my grandmother builds better cars in her basement
ayakau bush san sumi kimono translation i can't believe that schmuck heived on my kimono
yabutsu korabe burakami nkara yuki translation america is a proud and hard working country
nagga not okay one oh six at w i d i was just thinking about that uh oriental thing i don't i
can't deal with that i can't call people Asians what's wrong with orientals is that it's not a nasty
word you know it's not like a purgeurative term what's wrong with that what do you so uh yellow
skinned about okay let's go to a uh oh no you gotta be kidding me another one of those jesus
here's a lady mobile in four-lotterdale hello hi Neil how are you doing oh my god i bet you love
saying time it's okay at the end of the call hang on don't go away okay but anyway let's start
the call and we'll see go ahead okay i'm on here we are i just i just had a i just had a quick comment
about the oj thing tonight about the what the oj thing what is that whatever's going to be on
in the oj thing is going to be out tonight the oj thing what i'll see that i have absolutely no
interest in it but what my what my husband had decided to do because he he's very upset about the
the verdicts etc right what he had decided to do was to go ahead and email mbc and ask them for
all the advertisers who are going to be advertising on the spot there are going to be any well
apparently there were going to be and they're going for um they're going for about 650,000 for
however when i guess a thirty-second spot or whatever no where did you hear that he had heard that
on the news several days ago well it says right here there will be no commercials during the
outlawing interview and they also will not be uh boosting the rates during the hours before and
after the interview so i don't know where he heard that may that may have been the original idea
that they wanted to really seize upon it but i think they got so much bad publicity and fallout
they thought it might be a real bad idea well i would imagine so he did get a response that from
the email though saying that um they did not have a completed list yet but they provided with them
as soon as it was completed in addition to which i think that everybody ran away from that thing
like uh it had the plague i would hope so because to me and somebody who's going to advertise number one
is pretty unscrupulous but number two to pay the kind of price as they wanted or reportedly wanted
was kind of ridiculous so i was just going to encourage if there are any we didn't want to watch
the thing at all but if there are any um advertisers at all we just emailed and that way we cannot
give them our business anymore nor do we have to listen to the um the swill okay hang on
all right guarantee it won't be on insane Thomas yeah probably not hang on line six take care of that
our prize on there uh i got to uh make a trip uh real fast not to say Thomas but i think down
those stairs what is it about that place there are certain restaurants where the food is really
good and tasty but within just a few minutes oh man i mean i am telling you this is going to be one
of the most outrageous things that ever happened to me in my life are you following me are you listening
i'm not exaggerating here i'm telling you exactly the way it is mr one oh nine at w i'd have
in the middle of an emergency and he's taken her name and dressed for this stupid thing we're doing
here's um a lady in corral springs hello nale yes ma'am hi first time caller great i just got to tell
you i am so in sense that mbc states that just because they and oj Simpson aren't going to
um
it made profit from the interview that they expect vindication you know and i think the whole
i think that by whom about what i don't know i heard it expressed that hey listen we're not making
any money so this is just something that we're doing and i'm saying the thing that i'm saying
let me let me say something okay and all with all the respect i understand what you're saying but
people don't watch networks okay they watch programs that they like right so if people watch
tom brokaw doing the news every night they may be pissed off about the fact he's a part of this uh
charade going on tonight but after a couple of days they'll still go back and watch tom brokaw
they may want you know you follow what i'm saying in other words people don't watch things based
out whether they're on fox or they're on cbs they watch programs that they like
well that's true but i have to tell you as a rule i mean like i say first time caller even though
i've listened listen to lot it's not something that i usually do and yet i have been moved i'm
thinking yeah the mbc peacock you know that's how they're acting they're strutting around you know
showing all their feathers hey we got the first interview yeah and when i'm wondering you know
there's always this great race to be first on a story and why is it never considered that maybe
the scoop is not always a good thing yeah i mean it's every one you know what they're going to be
scooping us a lot of that you better believe it you know it reminds me of a dog chasing a car once
he catches it what the hell is he going to do with it oh no so no you know you got kady kirk and tom brokaw
and they're facing this white battering egotist who have no reaction will be sitting with the
johnny kakran on the sidelines the high five and you get it right and they provide a form for this
despicable human being and don't i understand don't have the wrong goal man and the culprits
john olmyer of mbc's going to be doing a camera's personal event to make sure that all the shots are
flattering and that they make him look good oh holy i don't think he has a flattering angle anymore
at least not as far as i'm sorry i think in prison they found out which was the good side
have a great day open line in power five two four little andy go
oh and you do me a favor okay when we come back from the break and he's going to do a few
minutes to the show when we come back we have an open line in power at five two four we have one
on the purple line at bound i.o.d i don't know what you're smirking about andy is there come back
into romandy andy calb needed in the studio immediately if not sooner get a hold in right now
get his little ass in here he can't have gone too far because the pd ain't here today so we can't
be an air looking around so what's that story about jackie bales we'll get to the bottom of that
or what something about killing somebody in a kayaks somewhere or she got turned over and uh
yeah we need you to come in and fill in for a couple of minutes after the break
i'll be right back i just have a little uh business to take care of
it's called a little pre-new car a deal downstairs i have to get it all out of my system
oh man that stands dilly good food but wow i mean you talk about packing an impact
16 w i o d not your ordinary radio station
if you drive a ride kiss your ass goodbye deep in the balls of Miami
with their guns held tight when they prowl at night deep in the balls of Miami
if the n r a could have this way deep in the balls of Miami
every citizen would be found just squeezing off some rounds deep in the balls of Miami
oh all right let's go to a call in Miami hello hello is uh Neil available you're talking to
Neil go ahead buddy see i wanted to ask him a specific hockey question okay go ahead
well um i wanted to ask him two things what does he think of uh the Bruins uh buying
buying a team that should be an NHL telling cup contender being the Boston Bruins
they're trying to do what Wayne's doing goodbye buddy oh boy all right Miami hello
hello hello hello hello go ahead oh yeah i just wanted to tell actually uh Neil that um
that uh oh j is didn't do that mess and uh and uh Luis Miguel is in town he wants to go out with him
yeah but we want to go out that's great i'm telling you have the song for him and everything
right that's wonderful that's good bye buddy all right hello okay
some honey expect it his cat heads beautiful let's go to um power line hello power line
hello hello Neil yes um were you on vacation last month did you get a chance to go to Rome
i was on vacation last month hello yeah hello you weren't on vacation last month you know exactly
well i was on vacation last month did you go to Rome why were you writing a book or
no i thought that maybe you'd go visit the Vatican and confess to the Pope yeah confess what that he's
a fat ass with a dress yeah there you go jackass he don't even know he's talking to
he's so smart this guy thanks Andy see that really make any difference i was taking this morning
coming to work that it's about time that George and Andy got their own shows on a weekend
and that pretty soon after while we always have to stop playing those tapes when we go on vacation
they could do the show how does that sound okay for extra pay a course of course now what we're getting
but you know at least a two three bucks an hour more we have an open line on the purple line yeah maybe
i can go see the Pope i've been to Rome 23 times baby and i ain't never seen the Pope but i'm
never going to the Vatican because i don't want to waste my time how do you like that how do you
like that my fine feathered friend living in the stone age with your goddamn brain washed little
mind that can't think for itself for two seconds a man without a brain is a dangerous thing
open line on that a pound line that wireless whatever it is thanks a lot Andy you killed me
here's north lauderdale hello Neil yes sir how you doing okay first i want to say two things to you
first people need to remember that first bible is not nothing more are you on a speaker phone
are you on a speaker phone no i'm like oh this phone oh it sucks i just want to say these people need
to remember that the bible is not a manual for life it's the bible is the word of man exactly don't
ever forget it okay it's the word of primitive man it was written by men for men by white men for
while other white men and that's what it's all about it's a bunch of bubble mice as they say
in the orient it's written for their convenience right that's right all the knowledge talk to you
about something serious you're the soap opera a fish and out of us wonder if you can tell me
no i'm not there's only a two soap opera I'm waiting about what this loving soap opera did you
know i don't know nothing about that i'm not a soap opera fan i just like guiding light in the
young in the horny that's it yeah but this we we turn on the tv they got the soap opera on they
got these clues in there and this lady comes on in between the segments and says okay can you
figure this out what the hell is this all about well somebody will call in some some some
soap opera fishy in order will some fabulous calling i would go in there okay back to you
everybody open line of brow art five two four nine four six three i'm going to tell you if anybody
ought to be confessed to the pope over there to Vatican it's all those cardinals and all those god damn
angels that's right the cardinals and angels that's where the problem is look where they finished
this you didn't even make the playoffs at jt snow is over there sitting on the pope's lap right
now probably in a pope's got a big smile on his puss he says this year beats baltimore i'll tell
you that here's a bachal ripkin man here's a Miami hello Miami going once audio seven ice life get
out of here open line and date seven five one w i o d here sunrise hello uh neo yes sir hey how
you doing okay listen we listen every day just want to get a great show yes i do and and uh just
wanted to uh have you slide something by fat rich night you going to pop a note tonight
why are you are you the same guy that always calls here and asks me about fat rich no sir
what you want to date with him or something i want first time caller first time call i got a tip for
why would you want with anybody ask that i got a tip for yeah you got a tip for what say the
hell away a j storm honor oh yeah at the horse tonight another old kevin wallah's horse listen can
you do me a favor by the way did john lafitte went on monday or in a what i have no idea well how come
you don't have no idea you're supposed to be the expert i don't know i'm not a expert i just
got a tip for you i know that was an expert yeah can you do me a favor who's driving a j storm honor
i have no clue Fred Cohen probably couldn't i just finger up his nose yeah go ahead um everyone's
telling me how funny the bridge tender part is yeah good well just let him keep talking that
two open lines and powered five two four nine four six three and two out of green lines see
there's a guy he don't know nothing about this show is fat rich going to the track tonight i don't
and believe me if there's any tips flying around at the track he can sniff him out from a hundred
miles away okay he don't need your help a j storm honor my ass there's only one guy could drive that
horse and his name is kevin wallah's and kevin can drive circles around all of these guys you know
i'm saying a wallie that's right that's right he could drive circles around you any day of the
week that he wants he just has a little rock bonus for he that's your win once in a while just to
make you look good because he knows you got such a big ego 121 at w-i-o-d
at night there's passion on six ten w-i-o-d
in my first life there's the no breakfast and no quicky that was it'll be not possible
the second wife you could have a quicky or you could have breakfast be eating get both
okay and the third one was if there wasn't a quicky there was no breakfast
with our phones with air in summers Monday through Saturday at
tm till midnight a news talk and entertainment radio six ten w-i-o-d
oh my god it's a severed head yes severed head the new fad that's sweeping the nation
everyone who's anyone has got a severed head and if you think it's not for you then just listen
to this dramatized version of an actual letter sent to us by a satisfied severed head customer
everything is done it was a beautiful wedding here's the bill wow ninety eight thousand dollars
isn't that a lot to cater a wedding well all of your guests had a choice of chicken or beef
and everyone did have a vicious bimony it was a beautiful wedding and i guess everything is fine
except for the severed head in the middle of my wedding cake oh my god i swear i just put a little
man in woman there i'm so sorry i'll cater this wedding for free you'd better yes with severed head
the fun never ends and don't forget new severed nose for when a full rotting head is just too much
remember if it's not dead it's not severed head oh you know i forgot to mention today
okay 127 a w-i-o-d here's the facts from Bruce and West Palm first i changed the name sweetheart
Bruce wants to know on a small dish with the hockey package do you get all the games are only a
selective game each night well guess what Bruce you get about 800 games altogether during the
course of the season you don't get every game every night but you get most of them and especially
if you'd be smart and you'd subscribe to the um to like kbl and you'd subscribe to the sports
package and the hockey package all of that together which isn't really all that much then you'd
get like almost all of the hockey games if it's on it's on air most i'd like like the overwhelming
like last night they had three games on it had the leaves pounding the crap out of the
islanders and they had Calgary of getting pounded the crap out by Dallas and they had the black
hawks in Chicago which i don't know who eventually won a game but the kings were head three two at the
end of one it was all on air man get the dish and quit making excuses open line on a purple line
the AT&T wireless pound i-o-d we got one in broward five two four we got one on the green line
how come we haven't heard from that pot plug Jeff Moss boy am i gonna rip him an acid
the arena tonight if i see him i left him a message to yeah we're trying we're trying to help
you out Jeff we want to know how many tickets are left for the Montreal game tonight we want to
know about the panther pack are they all gone we're trying to get some people in there you're
up against oh jay tonight you're up against tom broca you're up against the establishment you're
up against the brainwashing of the public don't you understand that i'm trying to help you like the
last two years i'm desperate to try to get some asses in those seats same old crap in his tom baby
here's candle hello hello yes sir neo how you doing come to an okay all right first of all i
i wanted to talk about the panthers but i i heard you little conversation earlier about religion
i just have uh this little relentless story to come just as relentless as you are as far as
religious good for you man i got this cousin mine i graduated from it with eighty and eighty nine
and she was like i mean class president i mean uh head of uh journalism class the whole
nine straight-ass student had a great future yeah here was one middle name yeah but johova right
all of a sudden she graduated from high school with honors and every school enough in you know
in a country once uh and she ends up what is she doing right now she's in the santo domingo living
in a ten house with no running water she could only flush the toilet once a day she has to walk two
miles to get the water to pour in the toilet flush yeah and this is all in the name of johova
i want to get a better net around here i'll tell you that with a food read and let me tell you
and i and i love my condo here on the beach we're running water yeah okay getting back to the
panthers i just got something i'd rather be a leper than to be a shlepper you know that
that's right tell me about it okay i just got my pants up packs all right i went to my first
game last year it could be my first game this year i'm going tonight well thank god yeah i got to get
some people in there i'm desperate to try to find out what's going on we got to get some people
in that joint tonight yeah it's so rude you know you call specs over the phone you know specs
can't tell you nothing over the phone they tell you court ticket master you will die before you
ever get into ticket master yeah but specs can't tell you nothing over the phone you have to go
there in person but i can tell you how many tickets are available even to find out if pantapex is
still available she told me sorry i can't tell you over the phone i said okay oh wonderful so i
went down and i got them they just do you know be some available could i just picked up three
a couple of minutes ago um get back to my friend
be a couple of minutes ago so in other words the panther pack those 800 seats those very cheap
a reasonable price seats didn't go into someone go wrong but nine minutes so in other words they
didn't go into first two or three minutes like they always do like the last two years like at 10
o'clock right now went to specs on us one and a hundred and oh my god and bought three
pants of pack tickets okay that is unbelievable tell me about it yeah okay now my first one
thirty in the afternoon and they still haven't sold out the panther pack does that tell you what kind
you get more information from me than you do from Jeff that's right i'm going to really let him
have it tonight boy i'm sick and tired i mean what festinities just if i got i paid to the
nose for those extra two seats that i got and then gave him the dance for crying out why did i do that
but i mean in the meantime i'm trying to promote the hell out of the damn thing they're not even
carried on this radio station and i got a beg to try to give some information out well he's probably
going to be home tonight you know flipping it and watching oj too you know i probably won't
even show his ugly face their night he's probably all worked up for oj now exactly working to
remote right now i think the high five with costus they're on the sideline tell me about it working
him um these nice say sidelines is you do understand this interview has been conducted on a
on a simulated football field because i'm on oj to feel at home that's right that's right he's
been at the ice-at-tone or gloves on the whole deal i got i got so boy okay now this is this is
my question i wanted to run out and buy a jersey tonight yeah and but you know i'm sick and
tired of everybody seeing you know wearing the beads of shirts and if they're busy trying to trade
the guy i don't think i want to go out and really fight you know they're not going to trade in
and nobody wants them they're signing into a three-year deal now because nobody wants them so well
they might be moving him to a center bench or something next year or you might be playing left out
that's going to be a good position um so what shirt do you think is safe to buy what jersey when
i'm going to buy a kid number nine that kid is going to be great he's a hell of a player so number
nine to four act or get a uh number twelve get a jody hull jody's playing good number twelve
all or the four act or a number of 14 stewie barns maybe it'll wake stew up a little bit kid
about only gag only wear one shirt out of time now i'm saying i'm giving you an alternative
there you know what's your number you like best okay and you're over nine twelve of fourteen very
good i kind of like sixty nine but these are okay yeah well uh go go see a jeff moss he might
help you out with that okay see you have a wonderful day and back to love you up up yeah go see
that jeff moss he might uh help you out you're told why didn't he get number thirty two because i'm
gonna start some season ticket to jay listen let me tell you your sense of humor on a scale of
minus six is minus seven i know so what's the story that i'm sitting here just like all times the
same old crap we got rumors saying they scores and we got you that couldn't score at kathie's house
and it's giving us uh no information i told you as i told yesterday there are a couple of
thousand remaining for so in other words they're still remaining you know we are did are uh
they remain for tonight for friday and stato and sunday against the islanders jesus
and yeah that i don't know that's uh what about the panther back there this time i just bought
some three minutes ago right there still some available that's pathetic i know it what are we
gonna do about this i know it it's just you got a can you got to come on support the team your
personally you know i heard you say in the yesterday after i got off with you as far as uh
you know using a protest towards uh towards wain or not got to come out and support the team the
guys are out there about wain wain has gotten nothing to do with i know that that's what i'm saying i'm
just reiterating what you said i'm so tired of these excuse makers the first two years nobody
again there last year we despised wain just as much as we do now and nobody used that as an excuse
and we came out and we filled up the arena 97 percent capacity and now all of a sudden everybody's
got a good excuse isn't that great and this year we get the team that every we know we're faster
we're quicker right there was more excitement in that calgary game sunday that then we saw
about any ten games put together last year sure was your hundred percent
the right is roger nielsen crap it's an aggressive style that was just the one thing you know we
did kind of uh we came back three two very quickly and then tried to sit on our laurels for
a little bit and saw that a team like calgary even with their input in offense without auto and
new and dyke and yeah the rest of the guys thanks a lot feel how's like that was a nice past
a jody hull baby did how's it getting the system at her well i believe it was nice yeah i believe
he did they scores uh god so hopefully we'll uh get some more blockups later today and we've got
all the kids are masses out at that arena tonight or tomorrow i'm going to come on here and cry
like a baby for four hours and that's a promise i know no one wants to hear that you know what niel
teasing with uh Louise McGell if we don't sell out the arena
Louise McGell yeah threatening to play with thank you so much here tonight jeff okay buddy go on
and sell some tickets i'm trying come on bye get with it all Louise McGell all day long unless
you get those panther back seats right now there's two thousand other seats for the game and if
it's not full i'm gonna be pissed off is in big time
and then i'm gonna read that whole article from the LA Times news service whatever that was there
was the sun sent about Louise and how great he is and the handsome and beautiful and wonderful
the best voice in the world and as far as selling holy other grisiest and everybody else and is
don't want to be on a jaylenno show because you don't want to get sucked in all those stupid personal
questions and all that other stuff got on mighty that's sad that's really sad and you know even
though we did have a good game on sunday and i don't care what anybody else says like that kimbo camper
he makes me nauseous want to hear him come on this stage oh i don't care how many people are at the
dolphin game because i mean if i'm the only one there i'm enjoying it and don't have to fight all
the parking and stuff like that well that's really great okay i mean i really make for a great
atmosphere when you go in there like there's these whole gigantic chunks of empty seats all over
the place it's enough to make your blowchomp
six ten w-i-o-d download this i have just tasted your snapper hey hey Paula
i want to look at you hey hey baby i want you to look at me too i can't see no wrong
with a little spoon you do Paula can you feel my pain for you
i'm the girl i'm the girl
promise me that this little round of bill will be our secret our whole life through
my career would be a terrible mess if this leaked out to the press
i'm the girl i'm the girl all right one forty one at w-i-o-d happy wednesday to it pretty decent day
today if i must say we had a couple of calls not too many couple i made some sense like one or two
and a couple of women here along the way not too many open line on a purple line pound i-o-d we've got
the two green lines have been in a total coma all day today they're probably drinking it up heavy
getting ready for tonight okay to celebrate and suck us early all those red necks and old farts
and they're getting ready for a big night tonight of nbc con me job me screw me do me you know what i'm
saying that's what it's all about they want another uh payle full and if you wait long enough i think
i might be able to help you out one forty one at w-i-o-d in fact i don't think it'll be that long George
let's go to a little havana hello hey niel yes sir what's going on buddy we're doing it baby
hey long time listener i've called you uh quite a few times every five minutes right no no i haven't
called you in a while but i'm a guy that called you uh at least to live uh on 17 18 bay road across
the street from k-a-t right how you doing guy i'm doing okay guy anyway you can't go back you know
you can't go back to those good old days i'm telling you boy i grew up there and used to be the
best time of my life was it yeah man for me i was making two hundred and twenty five bucks a
week at k-a-t and i must say all you know i had pretty good times back in those days this was a
pretty wild town back in those good old days not anymore different times niel yeah that's right you
know remember giant motors run across the street sure yeah anyway i want to see the car than i
was driving when i first came from west palm to k-a-t what did you say i was driving a beat up old
i mean ancient mercury i mean it was so old it was on its last legs and it used to vibrate under
the hood you know there was like something loosen there and when you'd stop for a light there would
be this tremendous humming sound and everybody would be looking at you and you're trying to like hide
on the oh man you're gonna crawl under the dash you'd be so embarrassed yeah you'd devibrate
oh yeah anyway the question is the car too yeah um tonight our uh channel seven having not
frankenstein on tv for any any suggestions any comments the the lawyer what's his name
bro quick contact brown they'll be on here oh yeah your part all the analysts will be back he'd
see it and we'll have that the goofball on again and we'll have uh what's your name what's that
blonde headed one from court tv that was all over the place um oh come on George you can do better
than i think give me your frown you know the one the uh kind of attractive blonde that was all over
i couldn't tell you you know who i mean though yeah i don't know her name oh she's everywhere
anyway they'll all be back out again tonight for the post game wrap up for the analization for the
uh you know high five and that's right and then the new the new spikes live oh god oh yeah and then
they'll be having viewer of response they'll be calling in on the bad line did you like it did you
hate it is he full of crap do you want to fly as az did brocos here look good as tom getting old
can he speak the language that'll be good it's never gonna hand oh my god oh man her name is right
on the tip of my tongue i can never think of her name that one it's kind of like a she's got
17 different names anyway um in closing new can you play date out which i love when you put it the um
the brain stem we need some help the brain stem yeah when you put the card we need some help
the brain stem you're saying this at a time when Danny boy is injured there you go we need some
help we need some help okay i mean go out of your hey new yeah yeah i'm closing it now a couple of
buddy minutes do you back fast Danny Martinez your do you back okay that's the only Martinez by the way
that's not on Seattle and Cleveland yeah they had three martinuses in that game last night at the
beginning Dennis Martinez in Edgar and tito and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
open line on the uh blue line and broard five two four nine four six three five two four
nobody called in yet to tell you about that i don't think we got nobody listing of this
stage today i mean nobody cuz all the stuff that i wanted to find out about including those
phone numbers all the oj p what is that's it what is it again christian jeanette Myers that's it
Kristen she's a good Christian Kristen
Yeah, she's kind of attractive, but you know after you I mean even the best stuff
You know enough is enough already no matter how good it is
Okay, let's go to a western on the purple line hello
Hey, hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay?
Listen, I was just listening to you guys
I know we almost are usually doing this time of day and across my mind that you know you mentioned a pencil
The a pamphor and one have you but I have yet to see any real advertising form
Are they leaving Florida or what I got news for a man they had
Full page two page spreads in the Sun Sentinel and a herald on pick a seat day
Which was about the week before the season started a couple of weeks before the season and they got no
Responses at all and that cost them about 20 grand just for those two ads at least 20 or 30 grand
You know you mentioned all the time and I know you guys I don't know what the deal is
I mean everybody knows that the season has started. It's all over
It's a wild course the game is on TV again to see I think what they ought to do is black out all the home games for the panthers
I mean most places don't have to do that and that would be a shame
But I think we may have to start doing that it could be that a whole thing is missing is some place
The one who's anger who's missing is somewhere yeah now he'll be there
He'll be shining his balls by you know that they got a guy there seriously at the hockey games because he sits
Not that far from for me. I have to see him down here is head is like a beacon shining in the dark
And they got a guy that comes in between every every stopper to play and shines his ball spot
Yeah, he's got like a little rag and he shines Wayne's ball spot
To you if you can okay, I'd like to hear because I get up at like two o'clock in the morning. Yeah driving in
I mean here the burby burby bank thing. I was disgusting. I don't know how to only stay on the show
But I'm actually to hear some of your tapes at least but we're gonna keep up the date over you know
We mean instead of the Glenn burp bank show that's what was yeah burpee
Okay, we're gonna pound back. Yeah, okay. I'll suggest that to our program director one day when he sober. Oh, that's not gonna happen
You got your Yankees and rads braves and Indians little college football here's some hockey over there
Pat Riley says focus on the players not to coach. What does that all mean?
Nothing until you say dolphins now you're talking dolphins on radio
News talk and entertainment radio
you
Oh
I
She just said love for my high.
She said she'd rather strap on her jeal door.
Oh, really good.
She's my dream girl, but it just can't be.
Since I found out that she is lazy,
She's not ready, she's a die.
I have no pre-puse.
That's about to happen.
She's coming back to never be a die.
I would say that about to happen is to radio what the rest of the house is going on.
I'm going to die.
153 at WIOD.
Let's do a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's going on, babe?
How you doing, man?
I got tickets, Cleveland series.
I'm going.
You're going.
The thing I did was I had tickets for Sunday.
I had somebody change their resettity.
Keter was asleep.
But I'm afraid that food's going to go to the other day.
What do you think?
What are you talking about?
How can there be a sweep?
They just started.
Today's Wednesday.
Yeah, but the fifth game is going to be Sunday.
It might not be a fifth game.
Well, wait a minute.
They're playing today.
Uh-huh.
Is the second game.
And Friday and Saturday is the third and fourth game.
Yeah.
You like Seattle?
Oh, you think Seattle is going to sweep them?
No, I don't want them.
I'm going to Cleveland to watch Cleveland.
No chance.
They're not.
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it.
The only other game Seattle win is the game Randy Johnson Pidge.
Don't worry about it.
Are you the ugliest thing you ever seen?
What is it?
Randy Johnson.
Ugliest thing, but man, he sure can throw a thing.
He can throw, but he needs to get like,
don't got a chin construction.
No, I'm going to go in there.
He needs a body transplant.
Yeah, hey, uh, speaking about that,
do you see that, uh, state attorney for, uh,
New Mexico ever that was that training collapse?
No.
My name was Janet.
There was a strong resemblance too.
All right.
Okay, let me call one person.
Janet, yeah.
Uh, Rick.
Beep this.
Okay.
All right.
Have a good time, Miguel.
Get out of here.
Here is the Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
I was just taking a look at the Panther broadcast.
I think we're the only team in the NHL.
We're three out of the four broadcasters are women.
You have Elaine.
You have Denise and Chris.
I think Rimmer is the only man in that group.
And believe me, it's only because of the mustache.
It's the only way he can be sure with him.
You've been hard on the rimman today, huh?
Well, he deserves it.
He's just always with his Dino sister really crap.
We're all getting even with him now.
Yeah.
I am so sick and every time this man calls me,
I see him at the goddamn arena.
He brings me some, you know, he brings me this stuff
with all the TV schedule for all the teams.
Yeah.
Which I appreciate.
But in the meantime, why about I gotta hear about Dino's
thinking sister really already?
Yeah.
If they want to, you know, go ahead.
We won't tell anybody, but if I get out of my life with that little,
he's about a hundred years old.
I got, we don't need any more old fart.
Oh, Rimmer or sister really?
Both.
Oh.
Hey, I love the rimman, but in closing, Neil, I'm running out of material.
I was just thinking that Atkins diet.
Yeah.
I'm surprised QAM has an asked for it.
It looks like they got about 900 pounds of radio
between about 10 in the morning and about 6, 7 p.m.
There you go.
You got the sports bay weighing in at about 4, 10.
Yeah.
A lot of large ads.
Right.
About 400 and Goldberg, about 600.
Good point.
Right?
That's the only reason they're losing money over there.
It's not because of the ratings.
It's because they can't afford to feed those bastards.
Thanks, Neil.
See you tonight, pal.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
We're gonna see you guys tonight.
If the arena come on, we're gonna see you tonight or what?
Yes.
All right.
I'm gonna tell you I'm taking personal responsibility
for that crowd tonight.
Okay.
I'm not taking any more excuses.
You can always tape that OJ thing.
Then you'll have it on tape and you can watch it over and over
and slow motion and freeze frame and replay.
Okay.
You can tape the damn thing.
Everyone here's got a VCR.
And if you don't know how to program it, just start it when you leave the house around 6 or 6.30 and let it roll.
That tape will run on extended play for six hours, man.
All the way through the midnight and then some.
So don't give me no excuses.
You got to stay home and see the interview of the century with a bonehead with a murderer of the century
with the ass kissing network of the century.
I'm telling you now they've just moved ahead of CNN and ass kissing.
I never thought it could be possible that it could happen.
NBC, even a peacock is shedding feathers now.
He's so goddamn embarrassed.
Here's a sunrise.
Hello.
Sunrise.
Neil, great show.
Yes, sir.
I just came down here from Philadelphia and I was listening to you talk about the Panthers and up and
I was just going to fill it off of you.
The flyers and the Eagles.
You can't get tickets for it but the Phillies and the Sixers, they can't give them away.
And I think that's pretty much the way it's going to be down here.
Well, why is that?
The last two years the Panthers sold out almost every game.
We had 90s to wait.
One of the best tenants records in the ALEG.
97% capacity.
Well, I didn't realize that.
And we got a good young expansion team.
The team got a new coach.
We got more excitement, a little more offensive minded this year.
We got an exciting team.
They're no excuses.
And by the way, man, this ain't no Philadelphia.
Keep in mind the dolphins who up until Sunday were undefeated.
Channel six had to buy up the last 2500 tickets to that game so it wouldn't be blacked out.
How do you like that for a bogus sports town?
Well, this is no sports town.
This is a fantasy here.
All the talk that everybody's saying about Super Bowl.
Oh, yeah.
They talk to you, man.
And wait till you see that Rutgers, Hurricane, game now there's scaling it down to 40,000 or less for Saturday.
I would say less would be a safe bet like is in a lot less.
Like about 25,000.
And guess why?
Because they're having a crappy season.
Well, whoop they do.
Well, they're all fair weather.
There you go.
You got a man.
You hit it right on a little push.
Okay.
Have a great day.
See ya.
Yeah, this is no sports town.
We thought we had sandy claws.
We thought he was going to hand it to us on a silver platter.
He turned out to be a back stabbing asshole.
And so now we got him as an excuse.
Hey, by the way, Jennifer, I want to ask you a question.
So anyway, seven.
What?
What is wrong?
I just want to ask Jennifer a little question about that Luis Miguel concert on Friday and Saturday and Sunday.
She's going to be there and et cetera.
Huh?
You're going to be there, Jennifer, or what?
You coming to see Luis?
Jennifer?
How come you see that speaking of it?
I hear Jackie's going to be here.
And one day, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Wednesday.
The year and age of New York.
The late one.
I got a background.
I'm sorry.
It's not the same thing.
It's not the same thing.
Come on, Jennifer.
Okay, she's not speaking to me no more.
Here's, well, I guess she doesn't know I got those naked Brad Pitt pictures.
Not the ones.
I'm not talking to ones off the internet.
I'm talking about the real things.
Big 8x10s glossy full color.
Okay, sweetheart.
Oh, she said she'll be right in.
Here's the curl springs.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Is this WIOD?
This sounds like me.
Oh.
Hello.
What's up?
Turn that radio off, sweetheart.
Oh, okay, sorry.
How are you doing?
Good.
What did it?
What did it say?
Thank you again for the hockey tickets you gave me for Sunday night.
Right.
And I tell you that I, that was my second hockey game.
I had a great time.
You're going to be there tonight?
And I got tickets for tonight.
All right.
Now we're talking.
Oh.
Great.
All right.
So, um, in closing, I just want to call some rich and good in your juice bag.
Okay, we'll see you tonight, sweetheart.
See you tonight.
Bye-bye.
See you there you go.
You can thank me for anybody who's going to be in those seats tonight.
I won't be too many, but you can thank me.
Give me all the credit, okay?
Don't blame me for the 2000 empty seats that Jeff Moss calls in when the show is almost
over.
It says, well, we got the same empty seats today.
We had yesterday and it evening for that because I'm sitting here trying to buy myself a new sport jacket,
which by the way, Mr. coming from a fashion plate like me might not really be a bad idea.
The only radio station.
That's what I want to see.
I don't want to see that.
610 WIOD.
Miami Ford Lutter Day.
