Thank you so much, Jennifer. We'll be looking forward to seeing that tape tomorrow or else he's gonna get it tomorrow big time tomorrow without fail
Okay, it's a promise. So anyway the guy he just lit up a hole
I'm not just a little light bulb over my head but a whole Hanukkah bush full of lights
All of this stuff like those white hots that we ate with all due respect
I mean they're good, but you know what's in them loaded with
Preservatives nitrites and nitrates no good ng. Maybe
those
Sauce those broadwurst that I bought at the certain supermarket which I don't want to mention which one they were good
But guess what's in them if you look on the label loaded with nitrates and nitrites chemicals preservatives additives stuff crap
And the same with all those weenies, okay?
Now how come we can't find like this guy gave us amals okay?
Amal whatever the guy's name is amal Zola
How come we can't find a place where we can get some good natural stuff without all of that so that those of us who really want to do a job
On this and do it right you just can't see what I mean about this country
Everything is made for shelf life. Everything is loaded with Drek with artificial with chemicals with preservatives with nitrates and nitrites and garbage
And how come we can't find a good weenie place for crying out
There's nothing like having a nice gas barbecue grill like that beautiful Weber grill. I got over there at the house
It works great. It's fantastic
It's so simple my dog can turn it on and off and roast his stuff on there
But how about something good to put on there man?
How about something quality unlike that stuff in a package that's made the last for like months and years and and a lifetime
That's what we need
That's what we got to spend the rest of our life searching for desperately in search of call Leonard Nimoy again
Okay, Tom the straightness God damn ear problem out and get his ass over here
And let's see if we can't track down some serious meat some real meat not make believe meat
Let's sink our teeth into some real succulent meat now. We're talking baby into a weener that ain't make believe
One thing about me when I want a weener I don't want something that's got loaded with chemicals and crap
Here's homestead on the purple line. Hello
One year you'll have to go back to homeland Italy. There you go. There you go. I'll be for the pure good food as it made as it should be right
Being trouble you're been in the scene Lucia have I ever been to what they Lucia down the Caribbean? No, I have not
Never been I don't want no part of the Caribbean. Come on
Sir, yes, sir. I don't want no part of the Caribbean. All right, sir
But anyway
Have a great day. He's done that was it that he just ran into a brick wall
We have an open line under purple line pound IOD and say everyone I don't want no part of the Caribbean
If I want to see a lot of Caribbean people
I could just stay right here in Dade County man and look out the window see all the Caribbean people
I want butchering goats and chickens and hogs
Hey, we got a good hog meat over there. How about some jerk pork?
Here's Miami. Hello, hey, Neil. Yes, sir
Just moved down on the coconut grove from from Tampa and
You listen to you on WSU and speaking of hogs God do I hate that that goddamn Bob Laster?
Yeah, so terrible
I understand they're down to a two-share and last book that they're dropping like a rock that even the nose pickers over there
Cut onto what a bunch of bogus crap that is
Well, you know, they try to make a whole radio station out of one show with Gary Spivey and the hooter girl
They try to take Ron and Ron and turn it into a 24 hour station and and slip that fast lob in there in between and they're down to nothing
I'm my heart beats very fast and please no one at their down to nothing where they deserve it
You'll never hear them talking on how low their ratings are. Yeah, of course not
Although I like Ryan Ron the rest of the network is just crap is terrible network
So I'm glad to be down here listening to you. Okay. Thanks, Neil. See ya
Okay, there's a guy from Tampa in the grove. Okay, that should tell you something
We have an open line of dates seven five one two and brow it again
I'm on here talking some heavy-duty crap baby. I'm on here looking for something
I'm here trying to help our people our public on you assholes that went out and bought the book for Christ'sakes
Where do we have some people with some information?
Jesus our what is wrong with you people in this town the same Monday anymore? It's Tuesday
We supposed to have gotten that out of our system yesterday
Ask me no questions and I'll give you no bull crap baby. That's what it's all about
They just got no information. We got that one guy with his a meals place in Pompo
Whoever the hell it is on federal highway
We can actually go get something that isn't full of crap. That's what we want where are we gonna find it?
Who's got it? Who got the fresh stuff?
See this is when they started killing you people out there when they started putting all the little mom and pop businesses all the markets
They start putting them all out of business every place that used to bring in all the good fresh produce and the freshest meats and everything was like fresh
Not packaged and guess what all the makes super market chains came along and they put everybody out of business
And now the American public is paying a wicked price for it man. They're dying over there
They're dying on it because they're eating a bunch of crap
90% of what you're sticking your mouth as hazardous to your health and they're worried about cigarettes are killing people
They're causing cancer right that's the only problem we got is those damn faggots
Right
That's what they're saying all over American now especially up in their Congress that damn bag it
I can't stand up here's poppin. Oh, hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
You're exactly right. You know what? I mean I came from a small town in Indiana
Just what you were talking about as far as fresh produce used to go into a little market
There was the fresh produce just came in fresh every day from the farm had just been picked used to get the greatest fresh meats
The used to have a guy there in the deli your own butcher who would like cut the stuff for your fresh
Not something that was sitting around in a goddamn package for months and months and weeks
Well, that's right. You're right, you know I can remember my favorite thing used to be
I used to go to a place called a beef mark
And I used to go order like a two-inch thick ham steak and cook it on the grill
I went to public so I went to windixie down here
They thought looked at me like I was crazy. Yeah, well, it's out. It's out there in a produce and it's wrapped up in a thing
That has a night-trade and all kinds of ingredients. Yeah, Ben Ben spray and been sprayed with red dye to make it look nice and fresh
That's right. It's totally ridiculous. You know, it's like you say they put the mom and pops out of business. It's it's
You can't get anything good anymore. Yep, you're right
That's why you the guy was right when he said go to Italy or go to somewhere in Europe and you get because they don't they don't have
Most of the places don't have these big markets like we got here
They got their little mom and pop markets and everything is brought in fresh straight out
You know a lot of the countryside every day and you get some quality
You know as people are living longer than we are they're healthier than we are they don't have the heart disease
They don't have the cancer. They're doing great exactly
You know as matter of fact this place that I used to go to they bought their meat from a place that was two miles away
In fact, I I want the school with the kid that the father raised the meat and butchered it right there and chipped it over to the place
Yeah, you know, we just don't have that anymore
The only people we got butchering animals here are the ones in the little Haiti. That's right
Well, I'm let me tell you I live out here in crawl spring my next door neighbor
They sacrifice a lamb a couple of times a year old. Oh, geez. That's the precious we can get you know
I like it. They grow my from it great
Okay pal
All right, well one of the things you know, you know this Brian Blake
Thing you know, I can't understand this how can we let somebody go that could be a possible murder suspect
Be say hello to me and the police say they know it was an accident
Or they believe it was an accident but they got no details. They can't spell it out to us exactly what happened
And we're just supposed to believe this that nobody's getting greased somewhere and that this slime ball
They could get on a plane in hall ass out to Seattle never to be seen again except on a football field
You know, I love that one line in that story
I just read from the Palm Beach paper this this murder this death may never be solved
Well, how's it ever gonna be solved unless somebody starts asking some questions?
Well, that's what I say up. I mean is he gonna get a 21 gun salute when he leaves the airport here probably probably I say a
One gun salute sounds good enough to me
Have a great day pal. Thank you. Okay. Look at all his brow lines, baby
They got nothing to say five two four nine four six three. It's 12 13 at W I O D
16 W I O D we know you listen and we've seen your little black book too
Okay, 12 16 at W I'm just gonna press ahead. Okay, you know the numbers already
I'm not gonna put you know what's the point with these people in Broward County
They're all about their busy. It's trying to get their septic tank on clogged here's a lady in North Miami Beach. Hello
Good morning. Yes, man. Good evening. Um, I don't know if the streets right behind University in Johnson
There is an old world profit shop. Yeah, and I know that's close deal
It is you know
University in Johnson is close to me while I mean it's not like a lifetime away and they're too close
You can shinny down that way instead of running the sawgrass or something like that
Sheenie what shini down oh shini my drive down shini on down what down university. Yeah, oh you got it
We kidding me. I never I stay off of university. That's the worst road in the history of the human next to how long they'll be
Full of hard. That's the worst road, but I of course can go down how far west is Johnson go it goes all the way out
I believe all the way to Flamingo Park to Flamingo. Oh, let's go to Flamingo. Oh, that's right
So I can just zip down Flamingo to Johnson right also I've been on a three weeks of blood 15 pounds and eight and eight great
Hallelujah and the inches are coming off like crazy. What have you mostly been eating?
hamburgers with cheese now I
Fossages in an in an omelet
But what kind of sausages are you getting your meat at the good meat place?
No, I'm getting rid of the bad meat store, but there's only there's a little teeny-weeny smoky links. Oh, I see just six of them cut up
With piece of cheese, which is one calorie the sausages are only two and
And for lunch I have either tuna fish or you mean one calorie you mean one
One per half a high grade and then for supper I've had everything from a steak to a cube steak
Hamburger last night I cheated I had like a tablespoon of macaroni cheese and boy did it go off immediately really? Yes
But it was good
What do you mean it went off where I went from purple down to white? Oh really? Yes, how do you like that?
So I've been purple and purple and purple and last night I went almost down to negative
That's fun to do though because it's a good lesson and then you know to get back
I don't do it again. Yeah, it's amazing and everyone at work here says you're gonna die. You're gonna die
It's oh yeah right and it's weird and it's been so easy
I'm a meat eater anyway, and I'm enjoying this yeah
I'm serious though this thing that guy really touched the nerve because I know that I the doctor when he was there on Saturday
He mentioned to a couple of people the thing about the nitrates there and
That that's a really impediment to the whole thing for whatever reason. I don't know why but it's bad
I'll have to check it out
But they're only they're not even an inch long
They're like three quarters of an inch and I cut them in half well. I can relate to that
I know what is the name of this place again. I think it's the old world sausage shop if you're going down university
It's the big mall where public is and then an empty field and a seven or 11 is right next to seven eleven
It's a little bit 18-way
You like if you drive to that but it's a freestanding place though, right? Yeah, it's a little store. Okay great
Okay, have a good thanks. Keep it up. Bye-bye. Bye-bye
Open line of days seven five one two and a brow. Of course five two four
We don't care. I mean if Broward is Broward it's I'm not gonna change him. Okay. There's nothing in the world
It's gonna change him. They just don't care. They don't give a crap
So when we were at the sawgrass on Saturday. I guess we were not in Broward
We were like in the twilight zone. We were in La La land. Here's dear field beach. Hello
Dear field beach. Oh, I love hearing myself back on a car waiting, you know, it just it makes my spine single
Next question. Yeah, okay, Brian nice nice accent. Okay, Brian having nice trip to Seattle kick him kick the ass
Okay, that's the Brian do a good job, baby and jump high and run faster. You better run fast. Good. They're coming after you Brian
They're gonna get your ass
We have an open line on the purple line. I mean look. I don't know the guy from Adam from
From anybody from the blade runner girl for that matter
But somebody asked some question to get somebody an answer and as I'll let's go on with life
Even just make one up would be good make one up make up a story
But oh that family that wonderful family. It's just that togetherness that feeling of love and
Here's a lady mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I don't believe it. You just blew my theory
About why you just said it why nobody's doing anything about this Brian blade thing and what is that because it's a family thing
It's a tight family thing and he's the big money money maker and breadwinner
Yeah, if it had been a you know another another person that wasn't related to them that had family
I think they would be the ones who would
Yeah, the police by crazy, but because it's the family. It's a family thing
It's right they want to they want to keep all the dirty linen
Remember that TV show family affair with Don Croyon. I think this is a family
Pantangely and Tom Hagen right? Yeah, I've been trying to call him for days and tell you this and I haven't been able to get through and now
I just get through and you say it just
Well, it's the money tree
I think every one of these stories we got there's a money tree there somewhere and people want to keep picking the bills off the tree
You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I mean you think in the money and the family kind of benefiting from it on down the line
So I don't think they really want him go to jail
I'm taking money out of their pocket
Yeah, that's my theory that's right. He didn't know play no pay. That's a good point. Yeah, exactly
I got to show up there at camp and put that jack strap on I think you got it. Okay. Okay. I talk to you show on Sunday night. I will
Yeah, that would that anger the Christie bitch
What is he wrote? I'm gonna tell you if there's anybody out there that watches that show
We're gonna call Brian blades right now. He's gonna come to your house and slice your ass in half
We'll be dancing chic to nothing
Murder she wrote oh
You know who used to watch that show uncle Mikey and Matlock
Only watch Matlock too, huh? I'd be embarrassed to admit that I watched either one of those shows
Do you know what I'm saying? I'm getting a little tired of that crap
I can tell you right now still slow on the draw. It's a 1222 at WIOD near
10 WIOD
Hiring people with a wild look in their eyes. Where's my meat like Pat Mullin?
So speaking of our sales department by the way, you know you talk about missing the boat
Do you know how many thousands of our people not just bought the book?
But I mean obviously if they bought the book they or somebody they know somebody around the town is on a diet right thousands and
thousands and thousands of people
Now wouldn't you think that they would go out there and find like for example unicorn sells that Coleman meets
And get them back on a year. I mean, can you imagine how much business some of the if any of you business people out there who are busy
Twittling your thumbs right now because it's the middle of vigilai and there's no business to be found
If they have something good like that that fits in man
They could be knocking their doors down. They could have the same thousand people 1500 people
We had Saturday with a book online right now to buy the good stuff because that's what people want. Have you got it?
They just don't get it open line of day
751 to and Broward. This is I'm gonna tell you seriously this
Recently this is become so tragic just showing up here every day. I can't put words to it. Okay. I just can't put words to it
1500 people we had there on Saturday nobody's got nothing to say
Here's and look at that look at all three Broward lines. Okay. That's it. That's all I needed to see that was the last
Impetus that put me over the edge
Right there seeing every one of those goddamn lines going out into the off position
What the hell is it is there a goddamn is Brian or cross running around in Broward like the world is coming to end up there
Running around screaming in the own the British are coming or something like that or somebody's coming
1228 at W.I.O.D. have a great Tuesday
Maybe I'm going to mommy's for lunch. I'm going to get my septic tank
Swilled out and I'm going to find some real meat somewhere and it's got for second boiling of a town
Where's my meat
Oh
Continuous
I'm so cut off the grass that entrusted the bugs
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
My winner doesn't whistle us
My winner doesn't whistle us
So much to lose my life
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooo
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
Your body is gonna burn
What?
I'm going to be a little bit more
Won't you leave this building to the west?
Where is my meat?
I can't even hear you.
You're a part of the world.
You're so much like a dream.
You're among your arms.
You're still my life.
You're still my life.
You're a part of the world.
You're still my body.
You're a part of the world.
You're a part of the world.
You're a part of the world.
You're a part of the world.
You're a part of the world.
You're a part of the world.
I guarantee there's no night trites or night traits or any artificial preservatives in Luis's body, maybe.
Just lick them.
Okay.
Now dinner's taken care of what we're going to do for breakfast tomorrow.
Leftovers?
1232 at WIOD.
10 WIOD.
Where's my name?
We need to treat your trash.
We need to material.
I'll bet you do 1235 at WIOD, a mobile in Pember Fine.
Hello.
Okay.
The place that the sausage place that he was talking about is the one that you guys talked about a few times, the international...
International House of Flakes.
International homemade sausage.
This guy.
That's the name of it?
Yeah, this is straight from the owner's mouth and there's only one guy and he's an old guy.
He has to eat it.
We'll tell him to die soon.
We need him to stay alive till we lose the weight.
Let me tell you something.
This guy is not prepared for the meal rods or so.
If you know what I mean, I mean he's just a small little store.
You could really kill this guy.
First of all, his food is unbelievably delicious.
He has to use a little bit of nitrates, he says, because if not it turns grit overnight.
And it's not very attractive.
But if you... he will make it for you if you order it without it.
Yeah.
His name is Alexander and you've got to check this guy out.
You are missing out if you're not eating stuff from this guy's place.
He has ribs, he has bacon, he makes it all.
He makes it all fresh.
How did he make bacon?
I guess he gets a kosher pig.
I don't know how he does the bacon.
I really don't.
I'm not like an expert on this guy's techniques.
But I am an expert on the taste of his food and his phenomenal.
He's been there forever too.
You've got to check this guy out, man.
You're missing out if you're...
International House of What?
Not the International House.
Hold on, I got the guys...
Give me the right name for Krona, love.
She says it's the Old World Sussi Chop.
No, it's the International Homemade Sausage.
That is the name.
International Homemade Sausage is the name of a store?
Yes, it's the name.
That needs help.
Kind of a name is that.
I don't... well, he's...
International Homemade of Sausage?
Homemade...
Yeah.
Homemade wife.
Homemade wife, lose weight, right?
Homemade wife, he probably got that book in stock too.
Okay, pal, thanks a lot.
Hey, you want phone number?
No, no.
No, leave the guy alone.
Leave the guy alone.
I'm sorry, this guy's not prepared for you.
Did he have the right address, University in Johnson?
Yeah, it's not in University in Johnson.
It's just north of Johnson.
Got it.
Thanks, pal.
All right.
See ya.
Okay, International Homemade wife.
We have two open lines.
Guess what?
They're both in Broward.
We just can't get to you bastards for lover money, okay?
They're all up there ripping out my septic tank today.
Suckin' all that stuff out so it's nice and clean
and ready for lots more action, okay?
Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three.
That's the Broward number.
Give it a shot, man.
You'll be amazed at how he would have panicked it is.
Like Brian Blades would say,
why not give it a shot?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I agree with you, man.
They oughta hang them.
Hang them.
Brian Brady?
Yeah.
Yeah, and the whole Brady bunch, too.
Open line in date, 751.
Let's go to a Bokeh.
Hello.
Happy Tuesday, Neil.
Yeah, sure is.
Another piece of crap day in his town.
Neil, well,
Raining out there.
It's a crap day.
And you think, you know,
what are these people doing?
Are they playing golf today?
I don't think so.
Are they going out there swimming today?
I don't think so.
Are they out of the beach?
Are they out?
What are they doing?
Nothing.
They're sitting inside.
We got a captive audience.
The cats got their pussy again today.
I don't understand.
I'm Neil.
I don't understand.
Hereby, God damn day.
I come in here.
My whole life ain't worth a dime between 10 and 2.
The rest of the time.
Not too bad, but between 10 and 2.
Ain't worth a nickel.
Two weeks.
Yes.
Fourteen pounds.
Great.
And, uh, meals cutting the sausage as we speak.
Who?
A meal.
Oh, you're at A meals.
Yeah.
1384 South Federal.
In Papua.
What is that near?
Uh, one block north of McNair on federal.
Oh, that's not that far.
Not far at all.
Okay.
Neil won one shameless request.
No, no.
He's got the good stuff without all the preservatives, right?
Without all the chemicals?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And one shameless request.
Yes, sir.
Neil Rogers syndrome.
Okay.
Thank you.
See ya.
Oh, that's not the name of it.
It's called Neil Rogers disease or something like that.
But is it in here?
What?
A disease.
Oh, it's not in this thing, though.
Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaca, and a chain of
radio stations.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi, honey.
How was your day?
Un...
Unbelievable.
Terminal.
There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there.
Alan Box is suffering from Neil Rogers disease.
Have you canceled the Miami herald yet?
But honey, we don't subscribe to the herald.
Oh, no.
That's a cop out.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to L. Herald, sir.
Huh?
People afflicted with Neil Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human
beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue herald bags from fembroke pines.
You know, the infants.
They say, all Neil, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around stealing sweet and low.
Can I get you anything?
How about those bad boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look.
In.
Credible.
Neil Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic.
Please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night.
You know what that means.
Hey, you know what I got?
A nine.
A nine.
What's Leigh Fowler got?
Three points, something?
Send your tax deductible contributions today in carob hot 105.
Terminal.
Un...
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
Exactly as we just said.
1241 and W.I.D.
By the way, I got to clarify, you know, those of you who do live, although you won't call
me and tell me anything because you're upset now because I said the acres is unlivable for
humans and it is.
But the new public's out there by the sawgrass, it is a beautiful store and I do shop there
a lot, but I got to tell you one thing.
That one day that I went in my old publics and the manager who just loves me to tears and
gave me all that crystal light and said, hey, take all this stuff and it made me sick.
No, but seriously, he's a good guy.
One thing I noticed about that store and you will, will notice, although it has been there
a lot longer, but nevertheless, that store is packed.
The other store is doing a good business to do one, but that knob hill and clearing
publics is always packed.
Packed.
And you want to know why they got the good bag boys in that store.
So yeah, I think this guy for requesting that bit because I forgot all about the guy
damn bag boy factor in terms of the supermarket.
The knob hill and clearing publics is where you'll find the good bag boys.
I mean, what's wrong with having somebody good looking take your stuff out to your car,
huh?
You want to look at some ugly 70 year old man schlepping your groceries look like he's
got a coronary on a way out to the car.
You feel like you ought to be schlepping his pacemaker out to him.
So you people had run in that new one out there, that new publics by the sawgrass.
You want to have our continued business.
You better start to let me do the hiring, okay?
You jackasses.
Another thing too, did you ever hear of such a thing as zone pricing?
I never heard of that until very recently.
Come to find out that even supermarket chains within the same chain, they have different
prices on the same item in different zones.
Yeah, like all depending on where you live.
So they can gouge the rich people.
Exactly.
So when they build a brand new expensive one out there by the sawgrass, they happen to
have like very high prices.
How do you like that?
I just thought I would mention that in a certain zone.
You know what zone we're in?
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
How you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
I got a real good place for you to get your wienies.
Okay.
It's called pen dutch.
Pen dutch meats.
Yeah.
They got the best food.
It's so fresh right there to kill the animal in front of you.
Get the pick it out and everything.
All right.
It's really good.
Yeah.
And also, understand that we all at lunchtime, they have a whole bunch of Haitians come
up.
It's a two for one deal.
They're getting ready for the sell the meat later and they're doing the animal sacrifice.
That's right.
And it's all fresh.
Uh huh.
You know, it's no nitrates or nothing.
I've lost on the diet 26 pounds in a month.
Wow.
I'm jealous.
And I cut out the jello when you told me I hit a little plateau.
Right.
And I cut it out.
My headache did go away.
Yeah.
And that nutrisweet man, that stuff is killer.
I never realized it's so much to like out on this thing.
Yeah.
And the best thing, you know, even the soleil, I would just drink water.
I wouldn't, you know, it's a little carbonated.
It's celser.
So what is wrong with that?
I don't know.
Water is the best thing for you, you know?
Yeah.
You know, this is from the Italian Alps, man.
This is Italian, baby.
This is the amus, the real thing.
Well, like they say in Naples, it's the amus.
And I'm also the guy that had the constipation when I thought
near.
But what I did was I, you were right.
I wasn't having any carbs at all.
So I wasn't having lettuce or any, uh, yeah,
a little bit of that fiber in there to work everything through.
That's it.
Push that stuff through.
The best thing is a little bit of spinach.
That runs through you like stuff through a goose.
I love spinach.
Now I'm spinach.
Soked and butter.
Yeah.
Little melted cheese.
Right.
Mom, man, now we're talking.
It's very good.
I'm going home and make some right now.
You know, I'm really sad that I didn't get to meet you over
saw graph.
I was working.
Yeah.
But I guess it all depends on whether your fellow was worth
waiting two and a half hours in line with the 1500 people.
It was, it was a wild scene.
Yeah.
I still can't believe your sales department.
I mean, you know, you're the best thing since life bread.
And they don't get it.
They know, if you, if you could talk to some of these guys,
I mean, this Pat Mullin, for example, this guy's a nice guy,
but he just came in here before he said,
I don't know nothing about selling radio and I don't know
nothing about this.
And I don't know what you guys need.
And nobody tells us nothing.
I mean, these poor bastards, they just drag these guys
in off the street.
Off the, you know, most of them were carrying a three by five sign
will work for food, you know.
And these guys are out there in our livelihood is depending
on us.
It's pathetic.
Anybody who saw that thing out there that we had on Saturday,
they should be out there right now with a waiting list of people
dying to get on here on this show.
Exactly.
And all the people out there listening to you and not calling
your bunch of assholes.
This guy here, he's, you know, he's given his heart
to soldiers, people trying to help him.
Trying to do something good for people.
I'm not making a goddamn dime off of it.
And in the meantime, you know, when I need a little something
from them, they give me nothing.
They give me heartburn.
Well, remember, at every 100 people out there,
there's one good person.
Exactly.
So, you know, let me let me know when you find it.
Okay.
From the bottom of my heart.
Here.
Thank you.
From the bottom of my heart.
Thank you very much.
Okay, keep it up.
All right.
Thank you.
All right.
Open line of Broward, one on the green line.
Yeah.
For one out of every 100 bag boys.
Okay, 1246 at WIOD.
Like I said, I'm not joking about that either, man.
I'll tell you one thing.
That old, that guy, the manager of that store,
and not being able to clear.
He's a good, good guy.
Knows me, loves this show.
He's got some taste.
He must be doing a hiring over there.
Or else his wife is doing a hiring somebody.
Is somebody's got two eyes.
610 WIOD.
None of us are on the same page.
But it seems to be working.
Sales people and assholes.
Yeah.
What was that?
It just died.
Okay, we'll play that later.
1250 at WIOD.
I'm telling you, man, if you go to Crescus,
do they still have any Crescus?
You go to Walritz.
You go to your nearby five in dime.
For $7, you can get yourself a computer better than this piece of Drek we got.
This thing, burn it.
I'm telling you right now.
This is the biggest piece of Drek.
The biggest piece of Crap.
The people at Magnavox, if they want their name erased from the front of that,
they even admit to having it making it.
They're making some big money now.
They don't want to take credit for this.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I call to give you some information,
but you mentioned it about 15 minutes ago.
That's okay.
Keep pounding away on it.
Okay.
Dr. Eckens book page 155, he talks about the Coleman Bees.
Right.
That's right.
Now that you mentioned it's in there.
Yeah, and then I was going to tell you.
Unicorn.
It's just that unicorn village.
How come our sales deprommonate down there,
calling on our good friend Terry and our big fat friend Ron from the agency they're saying,
you guys ought to be on eerie and have people lined up from here to all the way to Jacksonville
to buy that good Coleman meat.
You're right.
And it's unicorn village is like a one-stop shopping.
You can do anything you need.
You can get it there.
I know it.
So if you don't feel like cooking, they got the restaurant.
That's right.
So I'm going to give you some information, but you already got it.
Thanks.
No, that's it's good.
Thanks a lot.
All right.
So he's got it right there on page 155.
He says, because he's talking about the fact that all the crap that's in the food,
and the hormones and this and that,
he says, my recommendation to you is that when you eat animal food,
just as when you eat plant food, go out of your way,
pay a few extra cents, get unpoluted organic food if at all possible.
Frequent health foods, so forget about that.
They charge too much.
Buy free-range chickens in their eggs.
Get your hands on some Coleman beef.
Mel Coleman, a rancher in Colorado,
is now making major waves in the cattle industry by marketing beef free of any
tank of hormotor antibiotic.
And believe me, you'll also taste the difference.
How come that guy run with his damn bread shop?
How come he's not down here with some damn Coleman beef for this guy, huh?
You slime ball.
It says we can expect more and more companies like Coleman's to carve out a niche for themselves.
Bobby, you're supermarket.
Let them know what you'd like.
Be it with surprise, they're responsive.
They are the customers.
They're like, you're their livelihood after all.
And Tom, the quit-hired ugly bag boys, too, he says.
At a boy, Bobby, what a mouth on that old fart.
Do you hear what he said about some of those doctors?
He said the ones he said, FM, baby.
Tom to go FM selves.
My kind of guy's got a big disgusting filthy mouth and he knows this stuff just like me.
Here's Loxahatchee.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Well, look, a couple of them.
I'm a first time caller, long time listener.
Yes, sir.
And number one, I want to tell you, I don't know what's going on in Broward.
But all of us here in Loxahatchee, all three of us are listening to you.
Broward blows.
Broward just blows the big one, man.
Well, you're saying nothing like Broward.
It sucks.
Yeah, Loxahatchee, you're number one.
Yeah.
I want to ask you, I'm going to Vegas the end of the month with my wife,
who, by the way, will not let me listen to you when she's in the car.
And I don't know what you got to say about that, but I think it's terrible.
You're wife, old, listen when she's in a car?
Smelly bitch, exactly.
That's right.
Her name's Marilyn, and that's the only problem I got with her is she won't let me listen to Neil.
But slap her around a little bit.
All right, I'll try that tonight.
Yeah.
But actually, we are going to Vegas the end of the month.
We're staying at the X caliber.
Yeah.
I've heard you talk about places to eat out there.
I'm not too worried about the fat and all that.
I'm going to go ahead and eat it.
Yeah.
Where's that steakhouse you say to go to?
I'm going to write it down.
Which one?
Well, something, we're staying at the X caliber.
And I've been to that that Rosewood Grill one time.
Yeah, that's good.
It's a very expensive joint.
Very expensive, yeah.
Yeah, especially those lobsters.
Yeah.
But what do you recommend?
I heard somebody saying there's something near seasers that's in that mall area.
Oh, yeah.
What the hell was the name of that steakhouse?
Was it Mortons?
Mortons, I think.
Mort.
Yeah.
Oh.
And then there's all kinds of good steakhouse.
And just don't get sucked into the one out there on Sahara Drive.
It's called the begins with a T.
Oh, that place really sucks.
It's a nice looking place on the inside.
Outside looks like crap.
Inside looks beautiful and the food sucks.
Ha.
Okay.
Well, there's the one inside the Stardust, too, is supposed to be really good.
I can't think of the name of that one.
Oh, William B. Steakhouse or somebody B. Steakhouse.
Willie B's.
They got a good one in the Stardust.
Okay.
We'll try that.
So, all right.
Well, I hope my wife's listening because I think you told her often.
I'll see what I can do with it when I can.
Okay.
Butch up, sweetheart.
And your wife, too.
Have a great time, pal.
Okay.
Open line on the purple line.
Here's the Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Firstly, Terry doesn't own the unicorn anymore.
Really?
Yeah, no.
Oh, no.
Wonder we're not getting no goods from over there.
We got some mother-glace, your company in place.
A Southern Flarge company purchased it from Terry in the gang.
How do you like that?
And the Smith brothers and Terry in the whole gang has gone.
Huh.
All right.
But I had called earlier and I had to run and do something else.
They do sell uncured hot dogs over there.
Yeah.
Which, of course, the curing is the nitrate.
Yeah.
Well, when you have the nitrates, it's like having a disease.
That's why they need to be cured.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
But they do sell the hot dogs that don't have nitrates in them.
That place over on university in Johnson that the lady mentioned.
Also, doesn't have nitrates.
Right.
Also, there's a sunny aisle's boulevard, which is in North Miami Beach.
There's a smokehouse.
Oh, that's been there forever.
I don't think I'm going there.
There's a fish, a fish smokehouse that sells smokefish that also is not fish.
Oh, not for me.
So, fish is well-fished for this kid.
There's also a company called Shelton's or Shelton's.
I'm not sure if it's a TRD that also sells poultry.
Yeah.
That's free range and they sell their version of turkey hot dogs that are also not cured.
Oh, yeah.
Never thought about that.
And they're also available at, well, not only the unicorn, but a lot of the more modern type of health food stores.
Usually, they're frozen.
The only difference is the unicorn.
See, I don't like frozen food.
I just...
Well, unicorn, it's fresh.
That's only different.
In fact, I mentioned it yesterday, and if this was any kind of a town with some knowledgeable people out there,
we'd add 500 calls just about that.
When you take steak and you buy it frozen or you take it home in your freezer and then you thought out,
it never tastes as good as when you make it fresh.
Oh, yeah.
I've been on the clothes.
I've been on the diets since basically the late 70s.
I've been on an off it mostly maintenance since then.
I remember when you used to drink the protein that tastes like...
Not exactly protein, yeah, crap.
That's when I actually first started it.
My father, who has since passed away, told me that this actually was a modified version of what they call the Air Force Diet.
Yeah, that's right.
Which he had heard about after the war, which a lot of the servicemen were given to try and shed weight quickly.
That was the key to trying to get them down very quickly.
But you might want to check it out and again, send yourselves force out there to the University of California.
Oh, yeah.
It's a new group of people.
I think it's a large grocery concern out of the Midwest that bought it.
A large grocery concern. That sounds dangerous.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks for the good news, pal.
Oh, no problem.
See ya.
Bye.
Open line in day 7-5-1, one and brown, five, two, four.
Yeah, see like it says in the doctor's book, if you start screaming in the element that some of these big grocery chains say,
Hey, we're sick and tired of you poisoning us and our family.
And how come you don't bring in the good stuff because there are a whole lot of us who really would buy it.
Maybe then they'll just open up their ears and listen.
Here's Hylia. Hello.
All I know is I'm going to go to Carnegie Valley in New York City.
I'm going to have myself a big, thick roast beef sandwich, a lot of mayo and rye and a big potato salad.
A lot of mayo.
A lot of mayo.
Yeah.
I love mayo.
Mayo is in.
Yeah.
Fat, cholesterol, all that stuff.
I love it.
I want to pick a bath in it.
Yeah.
I'm telling you the truth.
Diet is within the person.
It is not in a book.
It is not in some guy.
Yeah.
It is not in Rick Sanchez.
It is in you.
You want to diet.
It is inside yourself.
You make the willpower.
You do it.
No book.
Okay, right.
There you go.
There's the guy with a defendant, an adventure.
All you people have lost all this weight the last four or five, six weeks.
It is, you just being led down to Garden Pat.
This guy has got the answer.
Just run up there to the Carnegie deli and get yourself a big, god damn roast beef sandwich
with mayonnaise.
Sounds like a real, goy-ish, you come up to me.
Okay.
Roast beef with mayonnaise.
My god, what the hell would Abraham say about that?
And also, by the way, for the jackass that called George off the year, my uncle's name is
Heimann.
Okay.
Hi.
With the jewelry store in Canada with New York.
Heimann.
As in Heimann Roth.
Here's a pompe, no, hello.
Yeah, hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm sitting inside today reading my New England Patriots football weekly.
Oh!
Yes, I called you.
I don't know if you wanted to describe that.
No, you got the silence.
You see most of their games, but they got it's the first year it's ever been out and hidden.
What do you mean see most of their games?
I'll see all of their games.
All right.
Well, hope I get to see you.
Including the one right here, because that's the one game I'm going to in the dolphins is the New England game.
I've never been to Joe Robby because I don't want to support hyzengrain and like that, but I may break down and play that game.
Well, I'm not going to pay for it.
I'm going to get him from Fat Rich.
It's the least he owes me after $8 million worth of free food at Pompello Park last four years.
That is true.
Yeah.
But yeah, it's really good.
It comes every week now.
So you have 30 subscripts, 30, you know, every week on Tells, but all the stuff and bubble glass.
Yeah.
You can make them much news about it.
All you hear is the dolphins every season.
Not when you got the satellite dish, man.
Yeah, no, I can't afford that yet.
Not when you got WSBK in Boston.
Yeah, that's true.
But I heard you can't, well, I don't know, you couldn't get in that.
I want to get the small one.
It was more photo, but I heard you couldn't get nothing on it.
What on the small dish?
Correct.
Nessons on air.
Is it?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I mean, I have to look into that.
Absolutely.
Yeah, because I mean, every day I turn to radio and the dolphin is super bowl, super bowl.
And I mean, I just, I'm really getting so tired of it.
Yeah, they're not messing with Nesson.
Okay, pal, go Patriots.
Okay, in closing.
Yes.
Don Shula owns the durable farm.
Okay.
All right.
And Ben Coats is God.
And you're blessed with the best of them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
And so you know, one customer can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now the Neil Rogers show, a news talk and entertainment radio, six, ten, WIOD.
It's the one to two hour.
Yeah, but let me say something.
Let me say something.
What's the matter with Lesbian?
The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs bathroom stalls.
Just lick them.
And then the girlfriend, Goss and Patty, she's the family I'm the book she calls me daddy.
Must die back by tuna taco.
All right, it's still ladies golf to me.
Brear.
My favorite whole it doesn't have any number agree or a fairway.
No, quit me because I'm a snapper lapper.
I play golf and I'm gay.
Oh.
I'm a little bit of a tea time got caught in the clubhouse.
They've been golf busy only time with their gals.
I'm gay.
Let's play LBGA.
It's still ladies golf to me.
And ride this disgrace chipset on my face.
It's still ladies golf to me.
Big beaver.
One oh seven at WIOD.
Happy Tuesday to us.
And we're getting a little bit of info.
Now we're getting a lowdown.
Actually, we ought to begin it off the year because once we give this stuff out on the year,
especially that poor little sausage guy, that poor little sausage maker that's probably standing there with his little tiny machine and stuff and all that stuff in that casing.
You know, grind.
Oh, yeah, I can remember that years and years ago, my grandma, my Bubba used to be there.
And I think my mother too, if my memory is that good, shoveling all that meat into that little meat grinder boy.
Oh boy, that was fresh baby.
That's the way to do it.
Grind your own meat.
Don't let anybody else grind it for you.
We have an open line in day, 751 WIOD.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I actually tried atkins for about three days two or three weeks ago.
I had two really bad headaches.
I had to stop it.
But even in that time, I lost about six or seven pounds.
Yeah.
So I needed to stop it.
Well, the headache for just driving me crazy.
So I've got to figure out what was causing them and see if I can get them to stop.
I should have come to the thing on Saturday, but I had other plans.
I didn't just blow you off.
I even liked Louis McGill and I live in Broward.
Okay.
Amazing.
Okay, congratulations.
Do you know what it is that the Hustikain Movita actually means?
It means until you forget to call us back.
We have an open line in day, 751 WIOD, 524.
Oh, that was desperate.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
It's the first time caller.
Okay.
How are you doing today?
I'm doing okay so far.
Not too great.
Not too bad.
It's okay.
Great.
I had better days than this.
I had worse days than it's too like yesterday.
Have you?
Yes.
Oh, that's good.
Hey listen.
How about you.
How are you doing today?
Oh, not bad at all.
Not bad.
That time book you're talking about.
What's the name of it?
It's called How Life Lose Husband.
We have an open line in day, 751 WIOD, 524.
Look at the data on that piece of copy.
Would you 519?
What year is that?
Here's Lantana.
Hello.
Oh, wait a minute.
I'm going to the wrong line.
Hang on a second.
This is Lantana.
Yeah, Neil.
I can't believe it.
Oh, wait.
I think it's fiery forward.
Okay.
You have the press conference at 2 o'clock about the panthers.
About what?
Uh, selling them.
No way.
Yeah.
What do you mean, yeah?
Uh, heard on wind.
You heard what?
That, uh, IPing is having a press conference.
How do they know what he's going to say?
Uh, cause...
I think what he's probably going to say is deny the reports in the paper the other day about how
Erison from the heat is going to buy part or all of the panthers.
I think that's what it's going to be.
Maybe, but what are you going to do September 10th when the dolphins go wild?
Meaning what?
Uh, the dolphins have the best year.
You mean you mean you waited all this time on this line, which we never get a call.
You waited all this time to give me a bunch of bull cramp.
The dolphins are the best.
Yeah.
Okay.
Get out of here.
Go blow it out your ass.
The dolphin.
They haven't even played an exhibition game yet.
This guy's already the dolphin to the best.
Every year we go through the same cramp, okay?
And even assuming that they are the best.
So what about that?
And Wayne, I ping a ANCEL enough and then you were a jackass.
That's one of the passion bone callers, okay?
So I rest my case.
Desperate, dateless, and uh, and oh, geez.
Well, isn't that what happened after Nixon resigned to White House?
The nation was dickless?
That's what I was going to say, but it kind of fit in better there.
Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, what happened yesterday with that lady cursing you out?
About what?
You made up with her yet?
Do you mean that bitch in here?
Yeah.
Well, I haven't made up.
I'm not talking to her. She can kiss my ass.
Nobody comes in here and talks to anybody on the ear like that, much less the king.
Exactly. What's the problem?
She's a stupid bitch.
That's her problem.
No, what it is, Neil, she's jealous. She wants to be...
No, she not jealous.
She's just another one of these little puts as they bring in here.
They give her a title.
Everybody's got a title in this place.
And she thinks she's going to flex her muscle and run around running off a big mouth.
Well, Neil, we just put it this way.
You are the king, and that's what matters.
Everyone else could go to hell in that place.
Okay, myself.
All right.
See it. Okay.
Jenny, a flecked on this.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249463, 524WIVD.
Yeah, that bitch.
She don't need to be coming around this part of the building at all.
And by the way, you might be interested in knowing that as we walk downstairs to take a leak,
not necessarily together,
George and I both noticed that during the news break,
in the sports booth in there with Jeff Pardon me for sucking around too much deforest,
that guess who's in there with him?
Andy Cald and Steve Dickel.
Oh, man.
It's a tornado.
Better get the weather brought back out.
Oh, Cald Bryan or Cross, man.
Succeed, heavy duty, man.
A suction level of...
Wow.
See, one thing in my life, I don't know about any of you.
One thing I can't deal with is people who are suck holes.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand being around them.
I can't even look at them with a straight push.
People who are as kissing suck holes.
I can't deal with them.
So we're going to have to probably have a rating system.
Okay, like who's number one this month and who's like slipping down an orchard too?
But I sure have a feeling I know who's number one with a bullet.
12 after 1 at WIOD.
115 at WIOD.
So little Andy Cald just walked in and stood at the corner of the door and just stood there.
And I said, what's the matter, Andy?
Can't cut your tongue?
He said, no, it's in the PD's.
Brackum.
So anyway, it's 116 at WIOD.
Let's go to Del Rey.
Hello.
Deal.
Yes.
I'd like to make a comment on the blade situation.
Okay.
Number one, I think he's guilty, but that's not for me to say.
Yeah.
Number one, there were two people in the room.
One dead, one's alive.
There you go.
Couple of bullets, two shots.
Right.
For the price of one.
Also, the thing about it is, no matter what you're seeing him to bring a, uh, to make a statement.
Yeah.
He can lie.
He's the only one who can walk at that level.
Exactly.
Like I said, if this guy ain't hiding something, at least, uh, if your IQ is bigger than your penis size, make something up.
And then we'll say, okay, it sounds fishy to me, but at least there's a story.
We'll have to settle for it.
And if the cops are buying it, okay, go out and play your goddamn football.
So basically, the whole thing is he's going to walk because anybody wants an attorney and he's got one already.
He will go in and make a nice story and lie.
If he was involved in the play.
Well, what do you mean he will go in?
Aren't you listening to me in three days?
He's going to get his ass on a plane.
He's going to see it.
And he ain't coming back.
Well, if he ever goes in, how about that?
Yeah, I don't think it's going to happen.
Either way, he's going to hide behind his fifth amendment rights.
Yeah.
And that's going to be the end of this.
Well, anybody who hides, generally, there's a pretty good reason for it.
Well, I'm not disagreeing with you.
Right.
I'm saying it's true.
I think he's guilty to hell, but that's...
I think the police-falling implantation should be more aggressive than their investigation.
No shot.
You're right.
Okay, pal.
Have a good day.
Hold your breath.
Right.
Okay.
Oh, I feel better now.
All this meat talk.
Here's...
I still say, man, if we had an aggressive person down there in sales, they could turn this
guy to him, whole-adkins thing.
And I'm not saying doing it by exploiting anybody, but they could turn it into for a fun
and profit and for helping everybody else, including me, into a gigantic bananza that
even more green would be impressed by, but they don't get it.
They're busy running around with stuff.
Oh, you want a copy?
Oh, what do I understand?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that place there, huh?
Pat Mullin.
How could I ever be so wrong?
He seemed like a fairly rational.
He wasn't like, didn't weigh 600 pounds.
He didn't have ears like Mr. Spock.
He didn't look like somebody would kick out immediately just when they walked in the
door and said they were a sales hole, like most of the people we hire.
He looked like, you know, almost a real good guy.
But coming to find out, he's like in the twilight, and we shouldn't own that from the deal
with the guy that was poaching around with my Corvette.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, now.
Yes, sir.
I'm a Palm Beach resident.
I never could get channel 33, but for some reason Sunday night I got it.
I was watching sports rep.
I finally got to see Defoe and Mandage.
Yeah.
Defoe's got that look in his eyes.
He's got some good pills.
But anyway, I noticed Andy Cabs neem on the things there, too.
I guess he's part of that show.
Oh, yeah.
They're all in there together, man.
Yeah.
Birds of a feather suck around together.
Yeah.
Oh, nice to see sports thought, but I didn't, I don't know.
The format was a little bit bad, but pretty close.
I was looking, was trying to show.
And Bernie was on, did he come out yet or what?
No, he didn't come out yet.
And Bernie was on, and he's looking far to the season, but he's also, he's not using
great shape because he took a year off, but he's ready to go.
Yeah, I bet he is.
Yeah.
Yeah, I got a question for you.
He's ready to sit on the bench and give then he encouraged me.
Yeah.
There you go.
But, yeah, I got a question for you.
Got any snapple?
Yeah.
I've been listening to you a lot about your diet, and I think, you know, you're the first
person in my life that's ever gotten me to the point where I can adhere to a diet.
The only thing is I had to cut out the brew.
But I finally found a brew that has 3.8 carbs, which is about ice-lake.
But I'm a snapple figure.
I'm a snapple.
Yeah.
And they got about 15 grams of carbose in M.O.C.
So start drinking the celtiers in the diet soda, man.
Yeah.
There you go.
You're talking about the iced teas.
Yeah, they are.
Oh, you can't have that.
No.
I mean, I miss them, but you can't have that.
Yeah, I miss them too.
I'm starting to cut them out.
When in doubt, cut it out.
I will.
Unless you're not overweight in which case, buy double to make up for it.
And if that guy is listening, I call it 11.30 last Thursday about you and your relation
to the acting is both in the impossible.
Oh, I'm making a fortune from it, man.
Man, I think that guy should mind his own business.
OK.
I have a good day.
See him, buy a new phone.
Open line and Broward, 5249463, 524WID.
We probably could be making some serious money like I just started saying a couple of minutes
ago.
But when you work here, that ain't going to happen because they have other priorities
and nobody's going to tell them what to do.
Nobody's going to tell that Jeff Clark or any of these other assholes what to do because
they're the goddamn experts, baby.
They came and stood around on Saturday and saw that gigantic crowd and said, God, did
we ever do a job?
We sure did.
Here's a Palm Beach Gardens.
Hello.
Palm Beach Gardens on the purple line going once, going twice, go back where you came
from.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Two in a row.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes.
Asshole.
Another asshole in Palm Beach.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I need some advice about the diet.
What do you need to do when like I bought the book?
Yeah.
I started to diet.
Yeah.
And like in the third or the fourth day, I forgot that morning I have a glass of chocolate
milk.
Oh, Andy Calm just disappeared inside the program director's rectum.
Wow.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
What was it?
I have, I like, I got too much milk.
No, milk.
Cut out the milk.
Cut the crap.
You're not on the diet.
We have an open line on the purple line, pound IOD.
One on that's a three bozos and a row is that four.
I lost track.
Here's a lady in sunny isles.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I wanted to ask you a question about the vitamins.
I'm planning on starting on this.
Do you order them from the doctor's medical center?
No, I don't.
You just get to get it.
They brought me some of his or they sent them to me, but I just go like your regular drug
store, health food store, whatever.
I get some good stuff and it's all right there.
Oh, OK.
Thank you.
Because you know, he even admitted, he was talking to some of the people around Saturday.
And he even admitted that the amounts in the vitamins that they made in his center are
too low.
That at least that's what he said.
Oh, really?
OK.
But in the book, it says exactly what we should have, right?
Yeah, but you don't have to go by exact.
There's no, listen, taking vitamins is not an exact science.
Science, I mean, the recommended daily allowances are so low that it's a joke.
So you have to like kind of judge for yourself just as long as you take enough, but you just
don't overdose on either things like A or the ones that you know what I'm saying?
Sure.
OK.
OK.
Open line and date one on the green line.
Boy, I tell you, those winners on those green lines and it palm beach lines like that.
Jack, I told you, didn't I tell you?
Oh, no, it's one of Aaron's letters.
He's got the number.
Yeah.
The dolphins are going to win the pen and OK.
Is that what the dolphins are going to win a Stanley Cup?
122 at WIOD.
16 WIOD.
Listen, but don't inhale.
Crafty macaroni and cheese is so cheesy, some people think the cheese should come first.
Ready for more crafty macaroni and cheese?
What did you say?
I asked you if you wanted more crafty macaroni and cheese.
I see.
Is something wrong?
Oh, I see there's something wrong.
Honey?
How many times do I have to tell you it's not crafty macaroni and cheese?
It's cheese and macaroni.
But it says on the box.
I don't care what it says on the box.
The box is wrong.
I'm sure they wouldn't print millions of boxes and distribute them with them.
It's not.
You are not listening to me.
It's not cheese and macaroni because the box says so.
It's cheese and macaroni because it's so cheesy the cheese should come first.
Any rational person would understand that.
It's a box.
It's a box.
I'm OK.
Look, I've completely lost my appetite.
It doesn't make me a drink.
Did I cheat in tonic?
It's tonic and gin.
How many times do I have to tell you?
Did I leave a meal?
I'll have you a personal battery.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes, battery and a salt Jesus Christ.
Crafty macaroni and cheese.
If someone insists on calling a cheese and macaroni, for God's sakes let them do it and make
no sudden moves.
Almost as funny as Lewis and Martin, huh?
Or Castello and Abbott, 127 at WIOD.
Let's do a coconut creak.
Hello.
Hello, is this WIOD?
Yes.
Yeah, hold on.
I got a comment for you from somebody in regards to the Port Waterdale National Airport.
We want a boycott to concession there, OK?
You have a comment for me?
Yeah.
Meaning what?
Watch the boycott the Port Waterdale International Airport.
Literally you want me to boycott.
What the hell should I do that?
Because it's a union problem and we want you there.
Yes, a union problem.
I'll blow it out your ass, OK?
Union Buster?
Hate people like that.
If we had unions in this business we wouldn't have to put up with the unselfable crap that we do, man.
If there was a union in this town, Cox had be out of business.
They'd have to sell all their properties in this town because there were a bunch of slime balls,
slime buckets.
You can just see the slime as you walk up and down the hall.
Or as you just look at that black chair.
We have two open lines in Broward, 5249463524WIOD.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you, Neil?
How do you like that, Jackass?
Oh.
Lines made a boycott to concessions because there's a union problem at the airport.
I usually don't like Jackass' but he was good.
Yeah, he was an excellent at that, Jackass.
You're right.
All right.
Hey, I want to thank you for that.
Nobody is perfect but he was about as close to being a perfect Jackass as you're going to find.
You're welcome, sir.
Yeah, wreck them.
I nearly killed them.
Yeah.
So I want to thank you for the diet.
That's what I say.
You're welcome.
Yeah, really?
How are you doing?
I lost five pounds in four days.
Okay.
It's excellent.
I don't fall asleep at work anymore.
Yeah.
They don't pay me anymore but, you know, I'm awake at least.
That's good.
I know what they're doing to me.
And I want to know a little better too.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I want to know about blue cheese.
How many carbohydrates are we dealing with in there?
I'm going to tell you I'm going to bring in my book tomorrow.
I got the complete book because I would just be making up.
You mean like Rokeford?
Yeah.
Well, maybe it's in.
Don't you have the book?
I do but it's not in it.
It's just those cheese.
No, no, no, no.
Come on.
It doesn't say blue cheese.
Don't say it just says cheese.
All right.
He's got cheddar.
No, that one's not on there.
Haha.
Haha.
I know it's not in there.
I'll look it up in my book tomorrow.
Are the guys in shot right there on the air?
That hell is wrong with you, man.
I want to thank you and oh, by the way, crap.
I'll bring in a green book.
We'll get a run on that one too because that's really good.
You must have that book.
It's a big fat one.
Uh-huh.
But hey, that's, you know, the guy said crap and that's the way he felt about it.
He probably on this, uh, wishes he could take a few more.
But that's, you know, you want to spend your life on the throne.
You want to spend your life shopping for new clothes because you lost all the weight
and you look and feel better.
That's my question.
So we got the unicorn today and what was the other one?
We got the Penduch meets, which is an old sponsor of mine from years ago,
which is a big harness racing people up there.
They're good folks.
The harness racing people are the good people and the good people.
And what was the other place?
We got emails in Poppano Beach and we got the International House of Sausage Shop,
the International Homemade Sausage.
Well, that's what he said.
That can't be the name of the place.
Huh?
He said it's...
Everybody can tell us about it.
It gives us a different name.
Yeah, it's either the Old World Sausage or the International Homemade Sausage Shop
or the, uh, the Weenie Place with Alexander, whatever it is, University in Johnson.
So check out their Johnson.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, it's going on.
Yes, sir.
I got fantastic news for you.
Yeah.
You're internationally renowned now by the voice of Flaren Juddus.
It's called the WBLOME.
And he's like, re-broadcast new all the way around the world.
What are you talking about?
You have like a shortwave radio at home?
No.
Well, somewhere, I get in the closet somewhere.
Yeah, we'll pull it out.
And the shortwave radio too.
Yeah.
And, you know, just like turn around, 3,800 kilohertz and...
Somebody is re-broadcasting the signal all over the world?
Yep.
Great.
Yeah.
Excellent.
Very.
Who is it?
The voice of Flaren Juddus.
Which means what?
I have no idea.
I just heard the sound.
And it's probably coming in better on that than it is on the radio where you are, right?
Yeah, it is.
Okay, great.
Okay, keep it up, pal.
We have an open line and Broward.
524, these people, man, are just...
Oh, God.
One thing about our audience, it's just your average everyday cross-section.
And that's the problem with the world.
Here's a...
By the way, Nick's all healed up.
In case anybody was worried about a young and a horny Nick's all healed up.
Looking much better.
And he just showed up at Mama's house in the wheelchair.
Here's...
No, not him.
She is.
For Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yo.
How you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, you sure got a lot of weirdos calling.
Yeah.
You're always yelling and screaming at everybody so stupid of here.
And they are.
They are.
You do get a lot of...
Just listen to the station 24 hours a day and it's a proof positive.
Yeah, any doubts?
Absolutely.
Well, here's the new ones for you.
Okay.
25 years old just started my own business.
Yes?
Yes, sir.
And I'll tell you what.
I'm gonna come by the station, give you some business cards and even do a job on your car for you.
It's a mobile detail business.
Okay.
Maybe I'll get some advertising and you can help me get my business going.
Great.
Okay, pal.
All right.
Sounds like a weener.
All right.
Just do it.
Don't do it tomorrow.
Don't do it.
I won't do it.
They Spencer gets very paranoid.
No.
All right.
I'll go on.
Okay.
Good luck.
See ya.
Eric's a good young, enterprising man.
He's 25.
He started his own business and that's the way to do it.
I've told you this for years.
If you at all, possibly can do it.
Go into business for yourself.
Get a hot dog stand.
Maybe you can buy your weenies at the international.
A weenie stand.
What are their places?
Open up a shoe shine shop.
Get a detail.
Go into business for yourself.
I know it's not easy anymore, especially with there's like no competition because all the big giants have squashed the little people out.
But if you have any opportunity, do it because working for other people blows.
It sucks.
And then every once in a while, I know my boss is wonderful.
Well, great.
There's always an exception.
One.
But not too many.
Okay.
Because when you work for other people, you're like some kind of a little underling or in a case of some people around here a little suckling.
133 at WIOD.
16.
WIOD.
Somebody's laughing.
Somewhere.
Okay.
137 at WIOD.
We've been Johnson for a really great call all day.
I think we may be on the verge of it.
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes.
About.
About.
Yes.
Um.
This.
This.
This.
This.
Afternoon went on.
One of my.
See how it's saying called me from North Broward to Tenon.
What?
What?
I'm not sure.
But when you call me from North Broward to Tenon Center.
Yeah.
It sounds like a heart of elephants was in behind them.
Yeah.
There's an overcracker.
Underfed.
Yeah.
And I'm.
And I'm.
And I'm just.
And I'm just.
I'm just.
And I'm just.
And I'm just.
And I'm.
What I hear.
I hear.
The sheriff.
Yeah.
The new sheriff wants to rent space in a court room.
Tom.
Tom.
Tom hold these detainees.
Plus, um.
Plus, um.
Grant.
Grant.
Grant.
Grant space in.
He west.
We need some help.
Yes, we do.
Either.
Either.
Either.
Either let these people.
People.
People.
People go that.
And we're not violent.
The crime victims.
Are.
We need some help.
Yes, we do.
We need some help.
We need some help.
I'm.
Do you have any other comments about that?
You.
Do you have any other comments?
I don't know.
What are they?
No.
Have you ever heard of any other comments?
No.
You're the first complaint.
I am.
Everybody else needs to be able to do a good time in here.
No.
Not.
Not.
not not from what I understand.
Yeah.
What did your boyfriend do?
He is my fianc.
Well, whatever he is.
Like an ass murderer or something.
What do you do?
Killer couple of people?
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He violated his technical violation, Pro.
What does that mean?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So what?
You want?
He did not show up to his parole officer.
Why not?
Because I am disabled.
Yeah.
And he's been my caregiver now from over here in the half.
Yeah.
Plus he is the manager of the building we reside in.
Yeah.
Plus he works at a landscaping job.
Yeah.
Well, one of the neighbors, the ship's right there.
Yeah.
Okay.
So you did the basketball for this?
I did not know that you were INT-RESIONAL.
He moved in with me.
He didn't, you did what?
Pete wants you twice in a cup?
Yes.
That's probably why he's in there.
You know what I'm saying?
No, I don't understand what you're saying.
But you're not supposed to do that.
Yes, yes, yes.
Yes, it's a requirement.
When I'm, when I'm probation.
You have to pee in a cup?
Yes.
Is that like a regular or like a coffee cup?
No, it's a, it's a, it's a test tube or something.
They have to test your urine form for any drugs or something.
Yeah.
And um...
Squirt, squirt?
Yes.
Yeah.
And um, hell, hell, hell, hell, hell, hell.
You want it once or twice?
That um, that um, that um, that um, he got caught up too much with me.
Shoot.
Yeah.
Shoot, yeah.
That's um, I have, I have, I have, I have.
And I'm unable to take a shower, son.
Son, son, son, something he's been in there.
How long has that been?
A few days.
Oh, man, I thought I could smell it right over the phone.
No, no.
Oh, that's bad.
No, no, no.
But you can't smell me.
Oh, God.
Um.
Just my eyes are watering.
No, they're not.
Yeah, they are.
They am.
They be.
Well, good luck, sweetheart.
Okay.
Good luck to you.
All right.
We'll call the president and have him raise some hell about it, okay?
Yes, I hope so.
We'll do it.
Okay, thank you.
All right.
All right.
Bye.
That was Aaron, okay?
I could tell, that was Aaron.
Huh?
Okay, could you tell?
Yeah, come on.
You put that damn six bitch on here and you're trying to convince me it's a great call, okay?
Couldn't you hear it?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah, I can't fool this old bird.
I'll tell you that right now.
Anyway, we have an open line on the green line.
1-800-
Let's do Miami on a purple line.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
What the hell is wrong with that lady?
What do you mean what's wrong with her?
She's got a social problem there and she wants to share it with you.
She wants to spread it around.
It's scared the hell out of me now.
What's what he said?
Holy crap.
That's exactly what he said.
Open line on the purple line, pound IOD.
We got one on the green line up there for getting more retards in Palm Beach County, which you're welcome them to be a, you know, a medical project for science and the future of the human race.
1-800-
944-
946-
3-1-800-
What the hell is it all about?
Hey Neil, how you been?
1-43-
At WIO-N-D, let's take a i next, hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How you been.
Okay.
Then why don't we go with Yacht right away for now?
and I went to the mall this week and got the book for my wife.
Yeah.
And she's reading it in the car on the way home.
And she says, well, you know, let's stop by the U-float-um store.
I says, well, for it.
You float them?
Yeah, you know, there's 7 or 11, whatever.
And I said, what do you need there?
You know, and she goes, well, you know, this book is pretty big.
I'm just going to take me a while to read through it.
I need some Coke and some, some turtles to get me through the book.
Brilliant.
Brilliant.
So, she's been reading the book, but now I think we bought the wrong book.
We bought the doctor atkin health revolution.
Is that the right book?
No.
Hey, listen, in her case, it ain't going to make any difference.
Okay.
He's got a third and a half way through the book.
Yeah.
And she tells me, where the hell is the day?
Yeah.
Yeah.
What's the name of the book?
Tell her it's right under the turtle.
Okay.
Get out of here.
That's like the guy with it.
What's wrong with a little tomato?
I wanted a tomato.
I was 400 pounds.
He wants just a little tomato.
Okay.
Yeah, go sit on it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Yeah.
Listen, I'm a new listener.
I really enjoy your show.
Of course.
But I'm skinny.
Okay, another butt.
Yeah, you're skinny.
You're sick and tired of all these fat people like me talking diet crap.
Well, my only thing.
I shouldn't have liked that last broad that we had on there.
That was a little bit something different for you.
I wanted a different call, but I think I've been fake.
No, it was not fake.
No.
It was the emmus.
Jesus, there's some pretty sorry individual.
Frightening in it.
Very frightening.
Very frightening.
And the Brian Blades thing.
Yeah.
Why is it so interesting?
I don't, I mean, the guy killed her and that's it.
I mean, that's just a sorry.
Well, what do you mean why is it so interesting?
Yeah.
At least O.J. Simpson is on trial.
At least he's in jail.
I think they'll bring him to trial.
You're crazy.
He's leaving in three days, Mr.
Aren't you wake up and smell the daffodils, man?
Well, I've been listening to your show, but I mean, I'm looking.
They're not even talking to him.
He says, I got my rights.
I'm not talking.
I'm leaving.
I'm going to camp.
I'm going to run higher and jump faster and dittle my thing more.
And that's it.
No, they'll nail him.
They'll nail him.
Okay.
They will.
Call me back at about a month and let me know how they nailed him.
Well, I have something to say.
I do.
I do.
Okay.
For these listeners who are into all these people,
it's a statement I learned from a professor.
Yes, sir.
Superior people talk about ideas.
Media-ocre people talk about events.
Yeah.
And inferior people talk about other people.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
Does that answer it for you, pal?
I have a great life.
Take care.
Okay, if you can find one.
146 at W.I.O.
Need good guy, but he's just a little bit slow.
He knows it.
He's not slow.
He understands.
They have no life.
They're like a whole other...
They have a vicarious existence through some other asshole.
Okay.
What's wrong with their own asshole?
151.
Was it a burger king?
Was it a McDonald's?
That's the question.
I think it was a Carl's Jr.
I think they both of them really died from that Ebola crap.
Wasn't that it?
Or was it the...
What's that other stuff in the burgers?
Come on.
Quick.
In the burgers, what those kids were dying from?
What's that stuff?
What?
No, not Ebola.
Ebola is in hamburger.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
Okay, whatever you say.
E. coli.
E. coli, yeah.
Well, same difference.
Ebola, E. coli, same old difference.
B.C.D.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Listen, I just went out and got Dr. Ackon diet recipe book.
Yeah.
You want something good, you gotta look in that stuff.
Yeah.
It's great.
Well, that's not until after you're on like maintenance, you know, that's...
Or whatever.
I'm going.
I'm on my maintenance.
I just dropped 25 pounds in three weeks.
Great.
And...
I'm really getting jealous.
I'll tell you that right now.
It's called the Carbohydraic Attic.
It's by Dr. Heller.
Oh, Horan, do you think that's a good book?
No, no, no, listen.
No, throw that thing in the toilet, baby.
In fact, I did throw it out.
I bought it.
I read it and I threw it out.
No, no, no, no.
What it is is the small version pocket size.
And to give you everything you want to know about the fat content, the calorie, and the carbo-hyde.
Oh, I see.
I thought you meant that stupid diet thing, guys.
No, that's not.
That's not.
Where you eat anything you want for an hour at night and you go to get a Kalifan.
Like, for example, with
a white didotlin, Give us a little bubble gum.
And...
.. for you to make sure your piece is easily approved.
That's different.
So, just like the hard  thing in this book, it's like in Paris.
The difference betweenutilizments and the premium thing and theo shop opens right there.
and generic it's got everything that's ever been invented in
yet this is also at the food like if you want to go out and eat
chinese
this is got it all yeah swap mine into my love will see who's as better
years are mine
uh... sure yours is all right
calculated okay pal keep it up
one fifty three yet at check-ass that called a couple of hours ago well there's no
such thing as died and it's all within yourself and just force your uh... jaw
and i'm going up to uh... new york to the Carnegie deli
and i have a big roast beef loaded with mayonnaise
guy remember that guy
the man a's guy
if ever there if you look up the word stupid boy in the dictionary you'll find
that guy's picture right next to it okay
here's uh... west pond beach all
now nil yes sir good afternoon
that woman's not like she's got to take her pros at she was great i think that
was governor charles now that you mentioned his plane just about got a
yesterday he had a little stroke he said a rough or run lately
uh...
yeah
did you ever get my articles that sent you on jolt falls with the Detroit news
yes those are good are pretty interesting thank you so much yeah
and you know i'm trying to fit that i got to set this up right here
the roots christ a house
and that's my mother's birthday july for you to take my mother to roots
christ that was nice
all right happy birthday i think i was in the brilin at the time
question going there and you have to you have to mortgage your house
why is that the pay for your potatoes
your vegetable
all get out of here right listen we can all go to international house of pancakes
okay mean
there are some restaurants that is that designed for people to want to spend
some serious money for quality food yeah
and root christ is one it's a great place
oh yeah yeah the food's great yeah
but i didn't realize that rosewood grilling the vagus that i love it's not for
slippers it's not for people wanting to make donalds right
or let me set the time you're the kind of guy that would go that uh...
well what the hell is that state chain where you're going to give you little
potato and little time no
no one i'm talking about no no i will tell you one of the time tell you a
chain where they do have pretty good stuff is stake in a lot like that
only problem is the only one that i know is in hollywood the average client
tellers for a hundred years old
but that one on sherdon street that's a good place to have a great salad bar
and they got good stakes i mean maybe not not like roots christ but they got some
good stuff
yeah let me set this is great let me set this up i'm going by the fact you know
george who also to be bringing stuff in here is the outback now that we can
eat steaks how come our god damn stupid mother scratching sales department
downstairs how come our good dear friends at the outback who love us why
they bring in some great stake every now and then
you stupid bastards down there we got a chance they could probably listen to
eighty billion dollars worth in billing they're like uh... busy picking each
others ass i'm sorry go ahead no i don't want to try to get andy calder trying
to excavate him out of the program directors uh... problem
i have to go take a leak okay so i look at this table and i say you and i
view and at the broads boyfriend they're in jail everybody's got this damn
score scored problem now yeah got take a leak yeah i go by this table and i
said oh man i got to set this guy up i go by come out what were you talking
about where watch at russ christ they come yeah so i come out i look at this guy
and i said i hear it rogers he looks at me and i know who it was
he looks at me and says no yeah i understand they're in front of them for about
twenty who the hell was it again then a fat guy comes up and says
that's a great bird aw you serious yeah thank you you know thank has a new
nickname you know what it is what it is the walking rectum it's incredible okay
pal i have a great life get out of here already you're killing me here's a
four-letter deal hello yes sir great show deal uh-huh sure got a lot of story for
um you know the governor's club downtown for an auto-down no well the governor's club's an
old club they had done there for years and they were going to blow it down with a
lots of dynamite and they had a big party set up across the river yeah and all of a sudden after
the county of the city paid a hundred thousand dollars down to this demolition company all of a
sudden they said they can't blow it down they're going to have to knock it down with a steel ball
you know why because blockbusters buildings right across the street and Wayne didn't want to
oh god forbid Wayne don't want to shake it can you believe it incredible bad just big party to
have to count us it where's the party oh we had to cancel the party because they can't blow
the building down now yeah another little story might have sent some bad vibrations through
Wayne's rectum yeah that was great yeah um real curl bob that's your coming in handy i
tell you hope that's Lewis appreciates the residuals what is it remember curvil bob
curtlene bob yeah curtlene bob what well i didn't want to say it's last night he died
they want to collect it all the airplanes no well uh curtlene bob yeah they called him curtlene bob
who the hell is he was he i don't know he was some security guy no i have no idea how to attack
and died okay whatever you say well he had all these model airplanes yeah yeah
thousand dollars were yeah and um which is in a paper that norm can't donate him to a museum
norm can't be executive it's his state yeah and now strangely all the things out of this
house thing to be disappearing like all his generator for when he had storms and his computers
all the interior of his house got only things that he could sell in the park
wonder norm just brought the bought that new Mercedes i wonder where the hell am money came for
for that yeah he's the executive and there was only one just at relative that they could find and
great that a boy norm he's not gonna get nothing great okay i'm leaving everything to my dogs to
hell with norm here's a lady in Miami hello hello lady in Miami
i'm gonna come here yes hi how are you okay i've been holding it i gonna take the leak that
anyway i hope you don't hang up on me can you help me everybody's leaking it i really know that
lady was all right with you she was the art time best poor thing i think he said handicap i
blow it yeah right listen i just got back from vacation yeah i'm hearing all about this book
and i would have asked George but he's very quick on the uh hold button yeah can you tell me
the name of the book oh you're not gonna do this to me right at the end doctor atkins new diet
revolution thank you doctor robert atkins i got that you got it i got it baby it's number one thanks to
me on the south floor of bestseller list number one new diet revolution doctor atkins new diet
revolution thank you okay have a good leak bye bye okay okay it's okay it was all a bunch of
lies what norm just called that fast it's not funny i didn't do it wouldn't you think i would
brilliant defense attorney like he would be doing something useful like you know like defending
somebody in court right now instead of listening to the god damn Neil Rogers show we've been on the
edge for 69 years and it gets more fun every day news talk and entertainment radio six ten
w i o d my m e for slaughter dale
