Hey fat boy, go sell some spots and stop trolling for free lunches, okay?
You fat disgusting, you big with a slob you.
Use talking entertainment radio, 610.
WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD in date.
524 WIOD in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free, 1-800-944-WIOD.
And so you know one customer can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a news talk and entertainment radio, 610 WIOD.
In the wind, D-A-Y, as you see K-S.
Everyone's been talking about one talk radio host for years.
Now, Broadway is singing about him too.
It's my fair living.
When shooting fans just aim right at their heads.
They're gonna get it.
My fair living, it's the touching story of a simple bald-headed macho man
who gave up right wing obscurity for mainstream insanity.
Well, I broke in at night, a water gate was right.
Cause it made my career.
My fair living, nobody who sees it, sees it the way she Gordon does.
This scares me.
I think he's crazy.
He's a plain and wacko.
My fair living, it's the new Broadway musical with the songs that are on everybody's lips.
I'm crazy not for from the ride.
1007 at WIOD, happy Monday to him.
Man, oh man, oh man.
First order of business today, we gotta get rid of buffo toads, baby.
When it starts raining like this, heavy duty and they start breeding.
I got a problem like there's a lot kitty corner across from my house that's like an empty lot.
That's got all kinds of melalucatries and cramping.
It's like a goddamn swamp and water.
And you can just hear the frogs croaking in there.
If you go up the street about a mile in the sunrise, your other thing is croaking all the time.
More human sounds.
But seriously, they're like pouring out of there those goddamn buffo toads,
which ordinarily wouldn't cure except they're not too good for lunch for your dogs.
Now, I bet you somebody in this audience knows, is there some kind of stuff you can put out to kill those damn things?
Like maybe a gigantic brush fire might do it.
What the hell do you do to kill those goddamn things before they like and fetch your dogs?
So anyway, yesterday morning, I'm out there at the saw grass like a noon.
Get in the car about five past noon.
Don't they open it noon on Sunday? I think so.
Maybe I'm, maybe I'm missing out on something.
But man, oh man, the traffic to that place yesterday,
you would have thought that they were given merchandise away.
You would have thought they were given away a hundred dollar bill with every purchase of anything over a dime.
That place is packed, packed.
And that's the number two tourist attraction, the whole goddamn state.
What's going on there?
Not much.
I go into that bookstop, that book's a million, whatever, and how that store is in there.
And it's okay, it's big.
And the store too.
And wander around, there's suds in there with his wife going through the little people section.
And you know, all of a sudden it dawned on me.
This is what excitement is about at this time of the year in this town.
Or maybe at any time of the year is a little trip to the saw grass.
Now, everybody in this audience denies that they're ever going to the saw grass.
I've asked about that a million times.
Nobody in the audience admits it.
But I'm sitting there in the food court having my sorbet from Hagen Dazs.
Instead of that awful watery ice cream that they pedal.
And like four people came up.
Oh, and one guy comes up with his little kid who's about like five days old or something like that.
Oh, David, here's the most famous man in the whole mall.
Yeah, good guy, but just stay away with those pretty little kids.
Okay? That's start drooling all over you and like do doing in their stuff while you're sitting there trying to have your sorbet.
It's a little bit unsettling for the appetite.
Rocky Etcheveria are a good close personal friend.
I guess we're not going to be able to retire thanks to him.
Kate Pasa starred the clearest bankruptcy.
So it says here in Joan Fleischman's yet to column in the heraldous morning.
Gone belly up.
Would you like to see Rocky Etcheveria belly up?
Not at this stage. You're looking a little longer to the tooth, Stevie.
He's gone belly up actor Stephen Bauer under his given name Estaman Etcheveria.
He filed chapter seven in US bankruptcy court.
Bauer is just he's only a million and a half dollars in the red.
Oh, don't say red. Come on.
He's that come on. He's to that's bad.
Don't say red when you're talking about a kid from higher.
Leia Lloyd's of London says he owes five hundred and twenty thousand dollars for an insurance payoff after he backed out of a movie.
The last pie's on.
It's lawyer say he had a drug and alcohol addiction.
Among his creditors and goes on and lists lawyers and the banks and this and that Bauer list assets of thirty three thousand two hundred dollars including a thirty two thousand dollar screen actors guild pension plan a two hundred dollar bank account.
Two guitars and stereo equipment worth seven hundred dollars.
What a shame.
Good guy but they all Johnny Depp used to be a good guy too.
Remember that back in the old days in Miramar.
All of these people used to be good guys and all of you are jealous because they got famous and made millions of dollars and now they're all broke either that or they're running around bustin up motel rooms getting into big ass trouble and doing lots of drugs and ruining their lives and other people's too.
Had a great time on the mandature last night and found out from the real producer with that show that it was lit at a little Andy Calb that started all that to these pot fan crap.
Andy you are seriously the biggest pain in the ass I've ever seen in my life this kid is the most you talk about a people on a power trip.
Little people are almost all of them to go on power trips they want to run the goddamn world and Andy Calb is a perfect example of that.
In fact when at the winter book came out he said to Phil Henry said man I had a great book.
He was he was taking all the credit for the book.
That's a little Andy but anyway we still had a good time on that show.
Manage I noticed was really eyeing those two young dolphin prospects in fact he made the comment during the break he said boy those guys look really good.
And I said how about a quick shower to cool off man it's court court there you go.
Here's a lady in Davie she's gone.
The lady in Davie is already gone our first call of the day she had the right and she had frog advice but she's already gone.
The last number that called your line was 305 424 7548.
These people let if you don't get to them right away like within 20 seconds.
And now she's not answering the phone.
I put her on the head everybody put her on the head everybody.
Hello what happened hello.
Hello.
That wasn't her.
So what does that mean if that wasn't her maybe another call came in and then just hung up and that's who this person was.
This old bitch perhaps I'm just speculating.
I don't think so.
She was a young bitch.
Another bitch okay anyway somebody out there will have the information to hell with that old bag.
Like I said if we don't get to them within 20 seconds immediately drop everything well we can't hold on more than like that.
That's as long as we're going to hang on it's just not important enough to us.
That's okay guess what you're calling that important to me either okay.
Here's Miami hello.
Yes Neil good morning.
Yes sir.
Listen about the problem with the Danny bought a Foucault frog.
Yes.
Listen I've seen because I had a problem with that every time a rain it would come out from everywhere.
Mothballs.
Mothballs do what?
You put them in the container and that'll take care of them.
Bye bye baby.
Yeah but how do you like it isn't there something you've been a little bold and you said them around the perimeter.
But you're not listening to me.
I'm sorry.
You put them in a little bowl and you set them out around the perimeter of what of the yard.
Of yeah your house.
So in other words if I go out and buy $4,000 worth of mothballs that'll solve the problem.
No you need about $5,000.
That'll keep them away.
Yeah it worked for us.
Okay.
Okay great.
Okay there's a man in a lot of pain so that's the answer is mothballs for all you people with the Bufo Toads
and you people with your dogs I don't know about cats.
I have no idea maybe cats I don't our cats totalickers.
Cats don't like to get high but dogs are very much into that and of course they become addicted to it and especially little ones like my minpin.
So like I said I think that maybe in the next couple of weeks I'll have one dog.
Here's Miami hello.
Good.
Two things one on the guy on the mothballs.
Yeah well if you find them instead of putting them in the moth as far as the balls you kind of spread them around you kind of powder them and just dust it.
I mean you're not really crunchy.
You dust what?
With the mothballs.
You just put them in the areas where they're at but the problem with the mothballs.
What do you mean with the areas I have a third of an acre of a yard?
Oh so you got a problem.
Yeah I got a problem that's right.
But the thing is also the mothballs when it rains especially the way it's been raining.
Yeah they lose their effect real fast.
Right it washes all away and it's yeah it's an exercise but forget about it.
The thing is that I know for a fact that you can kill them with salt.
Just throw salt on them.
I've always been told chlorox.
Well salt will do the trick they'll blow up.
Really?
Oh that sounds promising.
Yeah see the problem with me is I go out there and I catch you.
I have a towel sitting back on the patio and anytime I see one in fact I got about six of them over the weekend.
You pick them up and I throw them a heave them over the fence out on the street.
I make sure I don't throw them over the neighbor's fence because I got a neighbor with a dog too.
Right.
So I throw them out on the street because what else are you going to do with it?
You can't flush them down the toilet because I did that once in my house in Jacaranda
and it wound up clogging up the whole guy them thing.
Yeah they will blow up with salt and when we were little when I grew up in California
I was gonna have to be like kosher salt or just mortin salt.
Any kind of salt.
And regular salt.
Just plain old salt.
Yeah well we were little we used to catch them in California and put them in shoe boxes.
Yeah.
Put about four or five crackers in there.
Just put the lid back on with tape and just blushing blow.
Beauty.
I tell you but the salt will work.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'm on my way to the store right now.
Okay.
751 WIWD.
Anyway then we are over the weekend to Panthers announces unconscionable ticket price increase.
Unconscionable.
Then of course Mandage is trying to say last night he's trying to give me a song and dance about
Well it's still below the league average because he read that in the paper.
Doesn't make any difference.
If you go back to the first season until next season they started with the seats that I've got which fortunately I don't have to pay for.
31 dollars.
Then last year they went to 38 dollars.
Now they're gonna be 45 dollars.
So in two seasons they've gone from 31 to 45.
That's a 14 dollar increase that's almost 50% for a team that didn't make the playoffs the first two years because we got a stupid coach
and an owner that don't want to spend any money for any real players.
And they increase just like the same thing that happened with the heat.
And this is the same guy who said, oh even if we have the scrap the scrap players in baseball we'll still average 16,000 people
of game out there to Robby Stadium.
Well guess what I know was a rainy day yesterday with that 18,000 with the real players and their 19th loss of the sea or whatever the hell it was.
They're 85th loss of the season.
They're 400th loss whatever the hell it was.
It's only the 5th of June and they're already 75,000 games under 500 and mathematically out eliminated.
Speaking of the Marlins by the way the most bush league thing I have ever heard next to the morning show on QA in this morning.
That was the most bush league thing.
And blue lips, Rimmer, he was the pivot man with those two kids they got with the two 10 year old kids they got on the year.
What kind of a show is that, Rimmer?
If you had any self respect man you'd tell them to shove that damn place.
What a joke that is.
They got 10 year old kids on there doing sports shows.
Oh boy how about the dolphins?
They're going to win this Super Bowl.
Oh I think you're right.
Anybody think so?
But the most bush league thing I've ever heard in my life was from Joe Angel.
The most overrated everybody in this town.
I guess it's because Chris Moore is on the year doing hockey and we got so many bad announces like Zimfer.
I don't want to mention his name.
But Joe Angel it was Friday night.
The game was just ending.
Was it Friday or Saturday?
The game that they won.
Was that the one they won?
Did you hear it?
The Cubs lose the Cubs.
Oh my god and so here's the third out.
I forget it was a strikeout.
Whatever the hell it was.
And he says as usual, put it in the wind column.
You know that fake.
And then he stops and goes into this.
Cubs lose, Cubs lose, Cubs lose.
Holy cow.
This man wants to be John Miller so bad.
Which quite frankly I don't know why anybody might be John Miller because he's fat and the pain in the ass.
And wants to be a sit down comic instead of a baseball announcer.
And couldn't lick a Mel Proctor or Chuck Thompson's ass.
John Miller.
But Joe Angel is no more than just a wannabe.
Joe I hope you're listening man because I know you do listen to the show and so does his buddy O'Brien even when he's on the air.
That was to me the most bush league the most outrageous, the most stupid thing I've ever heard in my life.
I think this guy even when he has sex with his wife or whoever it might be.
I think he's fake and the orgasm is so fake.
Everything he does is fake.
Anyway it's 10.19 at your real station as in really obnoxious W.I.O.D.
At night when the lights are dimmed there's passion on 6.10 W.I.O.D.
Hey Aaron.
Hey guys.
I ain't listen.
He shows you too.
I've not got to say this for sure.
So educational and exciting and stimulating.
All of this wrapped into one covered in chocolate.
It's like Barbara Walpers on Spanish fly.
Passion zones with Aaron Summers.
8 PM till midnight.
On news talking entertainment radio.
6.10 W.I.O.D.
And W.I.O.D.
South Florida swears by us.
Or is that at us?
Well really so Denise Pothin also made a comment that when he heard I was going to be on the sports crap thing with managed last night he wouldn't come on.
Well the feeling is mutual okay.
A loud ass fat mouth.
Anyway 10.22 now I don't know how many people out there.
I'm not going to get into a big hockey thing because I think New Jersey is going to win the whole goddamn thing now.
That's very depressing because they're boring in their style of play ought to be banned.
It's depressing.
Especially that guy.
I'm old clod of the mule man.
He makes me nauseous and other frog.
But yesterday at the end of the Detroit Chicago game and unfortunately last night we didn't have that highlight on 33.
But at the end of the game I mean there's like two and a half seconds left.
The game is basically over.
Tony Amade just desperately out of his own zone.
160 feet just shoots it down the ice.
And here's this maniac Mike Vernon the gold tender for the Red Wings.
He's already you know at the end of the game when the team wins the goalie starts skating out of his crease and then he puts his arms up in the air.
You know victory and the teammates come in a kiss and they grab a little ass and whatever.
Well he's like starting to do this already then in the paper this morning I'm reading he says well he didn't couldn't see it then the reached for it.
Yeah right that's why I know that if I was a goalie and I had a one goal lead with about two seconds left in the game.
I'd come way out of the crease there way out of the net to cut down the angle on 160 foot shot right Mike you bull crapper.
Can we say that they said the effort yesterday on Phil show so I guess we can say bull crap.
But anyway and so it hits the post and they showed the replay over and over again it was like 0.5 a half a second left.
They would have counted if what had gone in they'd have been given him the old octopus.
If that thing would have gone in there they could still be playing that was one of the most irresponsible pieces.
I've ever seen in my life here's a lady in Margate hello.
Hey yeah.
Yes ma'am.
Any tear of ice.
Okay.
I want to get a tattoo that says that has SS and then my social security number on it.
Why do you want to get a tattoo?
Well I have other tattoos.
Why?
Because like.
Do you enjoy defacing your body? Do you have a grotesque body?
No no I mean I like it looks alright.
Yeah.
No but like some people that I know they say they'd be like kill a fence it.
What do you think?
It would be too offensive to do what?
To get like SS tattooed on my arm.
Yeah.
With my social security number.
But I think it'd be like kind of like a skinhead or something.
No I don't like a Nazi at all.
Do you have knee boots?
Do you have hip boots?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now we're starting to get to the bottom of it yeah.
Well you met me before.
Who are you?
I'm Cindy.
I met you at the hockey game one time.
Cindy from the hockey game.
Sure I believe it.
Yeah I got like earring in my nose.
I met Stephen Bauer at the hockey game too and he just went bankrupt so I'd watch it Cindy.
See it probably wouldn't be the best idea to get forget about the SS to get the social security number tattooed on the thing.
Because then people will find out your name and they'll start using your social security number
and getting into your credit card accounts and your bank account.
Really?
And oh yeah.
Yeah I didn't think of that.
Yeah.
So why do you want to put it on there just because you have a bad memory or what?
No no.
Like a Stephen like being number.
Like a what?
Like being.
Like an ID number.
Yeah.
Yeah just to...
Because you have to use it.
And then you want to hang around on South Beach where all the Holocaust survivors are right?
Yeah.
You're sick Cindy.
You're sick.
No no I'm not.
No I'm not really.
Okay well come on by and show it to us when you get it done okay sweetheart.
Okay let me tell somebody a dish bag.
Yeah.
I want to call whoever stole my dog chain at the outspin concert of flaming dish bag.
Okay Cindy.
Alright thanks.
See a bottom's up.
We have an open line of Broward 5249463.
I sound like nasal again like it on the Friday.
Don't I a little bit?
Not as bad.
I don't feel nasal.
No there's nothing in there.
Not in there either.
Here's the sunny Isles.
Hello.
Sunny Isles.
Hello yeah.
Yes sir.
Hey about the...
The Buford Frogs.
Yeah.
Okay.
What are we going to do about the frogs?
I put a big sign up that said frogs go home didn't work yet.
Well it's been to what kind of frog you got two kinds of frogs.
You got the French Canadian frogs and you got the frogs and hop around in your yard.
Well both of them can be easily taken care of.
Yes.
Do you have like a little compost area?
A little compost area?
Right.
Like when you throw all your fruits and vegetables to the decompose?
Not really.
I haven't been throwing away too many fruits or vegetables lately.
Okay well or a pile of leaves where you can find a whole bunch of earthworms under.
You make rat poison with it when they go to eat the ones that they need to be poisoned.
Yeah that would be a real good idea with two dogs in it back here.
It starts spreading rat poison around.
Oh no.
Those want to eat the rat poison?
They won't.
No if you mix it with the compost with the worms.
The worms and the rat poison will be...
I'm going to mix compost and worms in rat poison in my yard.
That sounds real appetizing.
Sure well the frogs love it.
Yeah.
But they want to eat it they die.
Alright.
Thanks a lot.
Come on over for lunch pal.
We have an open line of dates.
This is the kind of stuff that this audience sinks their teeth into baby.
Let's have some compost and rotten fruits and vegetables and a bunch of rat poison.
Alright.
And let's feed that to our management.
Sounds good to me.
And maybe the sales department like Fat Boy.
He's always looking for a free meal.
If I could tell you seriously the regular listeners to this radio station would pee their pantaloonies.
If they could hear the a call that he made to George just before we started today.
We're not having no lunch in here this week.
Between now and the Vegas trip.
I know you're smiling.
Trust me when I tell you.
I get on that scale in the morning now and it says tilt and little bills start going off.
I'm fat too.
Yeah.
We're all fat.
And Fat Boy that's all he wants to do is share his fat with the rest of the world.
Just remember one thing I've told you for a long time.
Fat people what they want to do is share the fat.
They want everybody else to be as fat or maybe even fatter than they are.
Then they feel better about life.
Here's a pompano.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
What's up guys.
How you doing?
I saw you on a sports trip last night.
And I thought it was funny man when you read Mandage.
About the shul on the shower.
Yeah.
He kind of skipped over it at the beginning when he started talking about shul.
We already know how you feel about that.
Yeah.
And then of course he had Eric Reed there who's not a bad guy but just the consummate shul.
You know just a real butt sucker.
And you know I mean you're never going to get any objectivity from Mandage about Shulah or Marino.
Those are the two guys that Mandage can never be objective about.
Because he's showered with one of them a lot and I think he would like to with the other one.
Yeah it's him like you were the only one being objective.
There you go.
You want the truth come to me pal.
You want BS go to those sports guys.
How is he off the air is he like come on don't lay into me.
What is it?
No no he loves it.
Yeah he likes it.
He's a good guy.
The boost is he going.
Yeah exactly.
All right.
Hey if you got a chance today can you get that officer Prince Carnar?
No problem.
All right buddy.
Have a great day pal.
See ya.
Open line at day 751 WIOD.
We have two open lines in Broward 5249463.
Don't forget the old passion bone tonight from eight to midnight here on WIOD.
I think that show is taking off like like hot tamales in the Tel Aviv man.
It's just really something.
I can't put my finger on it.
Here's coconut creek.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I need some help.
Yeah.
I'm interested in buying one of the you know the RCA dishes.
I've been to two different stores.
One brand smart said oh yeah absolutely no problems.
These I have to put it underneath the screening closure because I'm living a townhouse.
I went to Sears.
Guys that's absolutely not.
You're wasting your time.
So there's two two.
You're wasting your time with what?
To put the dish up because he they one guy says it won't transmit through the screening closure
with the fiberglass screen and the other guys from brands mark.
Oh yeah no problem.
We do it all the time.
You know they're both closely experienced you know installers.
Yeah.
Who do you believe?
You know they're the same price.
I mean there's nothing there's no waiver there.
You have a fiberglass screen?
Yeah I mean it's a metal screen enclosure with fiberglass panels.
And I have to stay underneath that.
I can't you know because it's a townhouse situation I can't get a variant to go outside of it.
Well I'll wait I'll wait for somebody to call in but I just my feeling is about the small dish.
I just can't see how based on what happens when it rains real heavy which it went out for about four minutes on Saturday.
I don't think it would do the transmit I think they're right.
The other that was the other question I had is.
But but but again you know I don't see why somebody would want to sell it to you because they're going to install it.
And if they're going to install it you know you're going to be sitting there and watching them when they when they find tune it in and get you the picture.
And if there's no picture what would be there what what motivation would they have to put it in if you're not going to get a picture.
Right you're not going to write them a check when they want to put it away.
Exactly.
Yeah I pretty I also mean those call in.
I really want to you know want to get the setup for you know football season all that.
Right.
And the other thing you mentioned you just brushed on too is the rain.
Is that a that is a bigger big factor?
Well no it's not a big factor.
I would say over the entire weekend as much as I watched it it went out on Saturday morning for about three or four minutes.
Saturday about 1025 in the morning when it really started when it just started coming down all hell broke loose.
It went out for three or four minutes and that was it and just as searching for signal and the screen goes blank and it came back on again.
Okay.
And as much as it rained all the rest of the weekend I never never lost a picture again.
All right you're the greatest.
Okay pal.
I'll see you.
So if anybody out there's got a the small dish they got a little one and it's they got a screen in front of it and the picture was coming through or not coming through or maybe they just have a little one near upset about it.
We have an open line in day 751 one on a purple line at pound IOD it's 1031 at WIOD.
610 WIOD if your neighbors don't complain you don't have it turned up loud enough.
Sorry Kirby looks like a doberman running after a bug where there.
There depends you do your best work in.
And everybody who's anybody has worn them at some point in their life.
Oh there cocky.
Do your best work in cocky.
Available at the crack.
Okay 1035 at WIOD happy Monday to you and what can I tell you man it's just going to be we got a week and a half to go to Vegas.
That's the one thing that really keeps my adrenaline flowing and keeps me going.
I do a rickia was talking about this morning I do have a big drawer full.
No not a drawer full of that I have a drawer full of tickets plane tickets for here and for there and for all over the goddamn world.
And that's you know you look ahead and you keep looking at the counter it's only like 25 days till here and 10 days until there and pretty sad commentary but that's the way it is.
It's nice and warm but then when it rains you say well this ain't so great after all you know what I'm saying.
Here's Kendall hello.
Good morning Neil.
When is this how are you sir great good I came upon a situation that could take care of your boot food frogs in a second.
Okay my dog used to dig out of my yard I put up a phyto shock fence.
I have fried boofoo toes on this thing daily really.
Oh yeah I did this just keep my dog in the yard I used a four inch quarter inch mesh going all the way around the perimeter my back property.
I don't know if you have a wood fence yeah I have a big wood fence what I did is I attached it to the wood fence all the way around the perimeter.
And when the frog keep it about an inch off the ground right once they jump and go underneath the fence they hit it you have fried boofoo daily beauty.
I'm telling you it works and if you want to cook it but doing your favorite don't touch it the supper will go in your heart too.
It really does shock the you know what out of you.
What do you mean by that?
Well what I'm saying is you know keep the dogs in and once they touch it it's all.
No you mean don't touch the thing I see what you're saying.
That's what I'm saying you touch that because I touch it myself.
And what about if the dogs touch it?
You want to see a double back flip?
All right.
And avoid timing get ready for some excitement sweetheart.
There you go.
All right thank you.
See ya.
There you go.
How about a little of fried min pin and a little fried boofoo for lunch?
We have an open line in day at 751 two and brown.
So when we're getting back to this thing with the panthers you know I'll go because I get my tickets for free so what the hell do I care?
And I guess if I was paying I would go to because I'm big enough of a fan and there's nothing else to do in this town.
But you know here's this big sob story Esther and Blade Runner girl she sends me this fact.
She says as opposed you haven't seen this yet which I haven't.
PS go red wing she says oh that's right I forgot about her Stevie I's herman crush.
And here's the letter dear Esther we want to express our sincere thanks for the undying support you have demonstrated over the past two seasons.
Your quick acceptance of our franchise has been remarkable and in our opinion makes you one of the most supportive groups.
Esther is a group.
I know she's a little chunky but what does that mean in the entire NHL?
Oh I see they're talking about the fans as a group.
Through your commitment you've helped the panthers feel Miami-Rain to 97% of its capacity.
That's the good news. Now here's the bad news.
And I still say what I said on sports crap last night that that whole thing about threatening we're going to pick up and move if you don't build us an arena.
And say that was just a little game plan a little psychology there to soften you people up for the fact that guess what we're goosing the prices up again.
The good news is hey we're staying here Wayne's got a commitment to keep your hockey team you're going to keep them but the bad news is you're going to pay through the hose baby.
And the letter goes on to say however the unfortunate reality is the fact that even when we fill the house we still fall way short of breaking even financially and Wayne's only worth 900 million this year.
To be perfectly candid are operating cash losses a year ago were 4 million and this past season will reach 7 million even while reducing our non-team operating expenses by 5%.
And it goes on about the a small seating capacity and the TV revenue is very limited and who the hell wants to see Denise pot fan talking crap anyway and yada yada yada and therefore all the above facts only underscore our desperate need for a new facility.
A facility in which the panthers can equitably share in all the revenue streams and one which has a larger seating capacity clubs seats sweets bop bop at that time only then will be more successful in holding down ticket increases.
Now there is when we build a we're not going to give you no money back and cut the prices back but we'll be holding down future increases and you won't have to pay more than 100 bucks to sit in the upper deck.
However until we do play in a new facility it is our objective to continue making your visit to the arena very enjoyable experience except for eating that trash food.
We'll continue our efforts to improve our on ice product as we build a team which will continue to hustle and put it all on the line for you each and every night.
And so there you go and like I said you know it's going to be interesting to see how much resistance there's going to be and if enough people stop buying I don't know it's hard to say.
It's hard to say I say if they fire Roger Nielsen's ass and they signed a couple of real players that might more than compensate for the offset the crappy ticket prices.
But we'll see if that's going to happen because I have my doubts.
Here's the curl springs. Hello. Okay. The way you get rid of frogs is right after the rains when it's nice and wet. You hop on your lawn mower and you just mulch them all up.
And if that doesn't get rid of them all you just add 15% of the tab and rest of the frogs will leave too.
Okay. Hop on it is what he said. I'm hopping on my lawnmower right now baby. I'm riding it this afternoon. I'm going to ride it all over the goddamn place and the lawnmower too. How do you like that? You jackass.
All the brow lines just opened up there. Actually I thought we were going to have a show here. I really had my doubts when I sat down based on what I heard on the on the worst team this morning and then why I saw on Rick's phone which looked like somebody'd yank the cord and the phone too.
But now I have my doubts. 5249463524 w. I. O. D. in Broward County this morning is anybody out there. Is there anybody who's not at the saw grass? Is there anybody out there who also thinks that the ice cream at Hogan does is too watery in the saw grass mall and something ought to be done about it like right now.
They have what the hell is that flavor that I really like preling something or other. Oh no it's macadamia not oh man do I love that and I've had that there a couple of times and it's watery.
You can actually see like the liquid. I'm not talking about when it starts melting which I do like that but I'm talking about when they put it right in the cup out of the big thing.
You can see the liquid it's watery. It's like somebody is watering that baby down man and when you think of Hogan does you don't think of water. I wonder what Nicole thought about it.
See if you would only gone to Hogan does instead of Ben and Jerry's that bitch might be alive right now. Here's a mobile in four lot of day. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir. You haven't looked that good on TV since the days of Channel 51. Yeah. Only this is at a time when a few people were awake. I hope.
Hey you wouldn't believe how many people were up at three o'clock in the morning watching you there when on TV went off. Yeah. Five or six watching the four no movie with the squiggly lines.
Right. That's right. Mm hmm. On an unrelated note have you seen that still on movie the specialist. No I have not nor would I ever under any circumstance. Why is that?
Because Caprita has a giant role in that movie. Yeah. Well I'm happy for you about that. I'm happy I'm happy for him but I would not see a movie with sliced alone in it.
Oh I mean it was a terrible movie. Well I don't need to see Caprita in the movie. I've seen him enough. You know like in real life and I'm sure he'll be back here in a couple of months with his tail between his leg.
Why did I quit that job? Why did I do it? Well he did pretty good actually most movies he has like that 10 second cameo part. Yeah. And in this one he was in it for almost the entire movie. Great. So let's keep our fingers crossed. I'm glad I know. I'm glad I know somebody in Hollywood. It's making a few bucks because my other buddy just went bankrupt here. So at least I got somebody to fall back.
Okay well now you're on your way on TV. Okay. Good luck. Thanks a lot pal. I'm on my way. How come it's okay for me to be on sports crap. Oh by the way this chair is about to fall apart.
I just heard something in this thing. It sounds not too exciting George. All our chairs are like on the floor. Let's bring fat boy in for one final blast. Come on boy. Here we go boy.
Two open lines in one in Broward 524 in the green line 1 800 944 9463. Yeah. How come it's okay that I'm on sports crap and I'm parallel to Belon here.
And I can talk a little trash on there about the man that's showing with Shula. That's okay but on the radio here it's like.
Oh he's he's disgusting. You know. He's just way over the line. We can't we just can't sell that show. We can't put him on here.
He's he's filthy and grotesque and disgusting and everybody wants him off here. But on TV he would be great.
George. What do you look at me like that? No it is true. It is true. I should be on television. There's no question about that.
This is a waste of time being on radio. Now with all the respect to our loyal audience all 40 of you who are left.
You know it's been a nice run for you. I write. But television is where it's at because you're reaching people even even by accident.
I guarantee you more people were watching at sports crap show last night just by accident just because it's on their TV set.
Then we'll ever listen to this radio station in a million years of Tuesdays. It's just it's just the way it is.
And you know it's probably not a smart thing to say because we're competing with the TV people forever to but I've said it for years and it's true.
Television is a goddamn awesome powerful force that's brainwashed and manipulated the minds of millions from coast to coast and practically destroyed our whole goddamn society.
So why should I be part of it and having fun and profit from it?
Here's a Miami on the and you know Andy came into apologize this morning. They have a little they had a few technical problems last night and they better butch up their active.
They want me to come back on at them thing again. That's a real that's a that's a real to that thing about the news.
Pathfan that if I'm on here he wouldn't come on there. You know why he wouldn't come on here because I'd embarrassed to live and crap out of that piece of
Drek. That's why.
Because I make a jackass out of that monkey which usually does a pretty good job of himself. There's another guy these color analyst man all these ex-jocks.
I want to talk about that last night but we didn't have the time. All these ex-jocks course you know manage my kid a little uptight about that but we make an exception for him because he's after all a professional.
Right. But setting him aside.
All these guys John Davidson who's got a garbage mouth who never stops talking. And I know yesterday he was like Dennis Vard.
She got to puck off the back of the net there because you don't want the face off in your own end. He should have flipped away to excuse me.
The face off is outside the blue line. That's right. The red wing shot it in. He just has to compulsively keep talking and talking and whoever's doing to play by play working with guys like that.
You know you want to send him a sympathy card because these guys really these big bombastic egotistical assholes like Bill Clement and John Davidson and Denise Potphen.
They think we tune in to hear their bull crap to hear that. Oh here's the hollow flavor. Yeah big deal. So what does that mean?
I'm not impressed. Okay. The guy was great 20 years ago. He was a player and he's in articulate and a jackass and a but sucker to top it all off.
And we'll never tell you the goddamn truth because he's a shill right. Remain. Oh sorry. Here's Miami on the purple line. Hello. Hello. Yes sir.
I just want to let you know that. I'm going to express way is absolutely bad at love. Love them. Love them road. Stop and I went around.
Came in my own dairy and there's no traffic coming through on the south side. It's it's only a clogged. It actually is.
Okay. Thanks. Get a new phone too. By the way. Okay. The palm metal. We'll probably hear that on the traffic at about three or four hours after they clear it out.
We do have an open line. It's in the purple line selling to one pound I OD. Are we going to hear from I don't you know something.
I don't think there really are that many small dishes out there in this town anyway. Well I would have thought that as soon as those things hit the market.
I would have thought that they would be hotter than Hall of On South Beach. I mean you know here's an opportunity to say to kiss your cable company goodbye.
If you could see the crappy picture that they got on the cable in my mother's house and it turns out that it is TCI used to be store is now TCI you people ought to be shot.
Not just keep increasing the prices but to be charging anything for delivering a picture you could take a goddamn coat hanger and stick it out the window and get a better picture than what they're delivering in the same in my house.
Continental. Grave robbers. Here's where we going. Hi Alia. Hello.
I'm Neil Roger. Yes sir. I just got a question for you. I don't know if you mentioned it or can barely hear you. Okay. There's one or three point five radio station is at the day. I don't know if they say they're they're just sending a message with a heartbeat saying that they're going to improve the whole thing and just recording the whole thing.
Right. You think they'll bring Ron and Ron. Do I think they're going to put Ron and Ron on here. Yeah well that's something to think about could be but no one want to cheap out for that is I have my doubts.
Yeah just the whole recording the whole thing and nothing no music or nothing. On other words they're not even they're just running it constantly. Oh my God give me our breath. They're just beating it. Huh. There you go. Boy it's going to be bloody by 103.
All right bro. Okay. Well listen keep listening. When it comes 103 I want to report okay. Okay you check it out man. Thanks. All right. We all have an open line in day. Now who's he working for is that tonight is the sun and law. Open line in day 751 1 and brown or 524 so probably our friend Mitch Lewis will be out of there. Maybe you can bring it back here.
Boy things have never been the same. It kind of wrecked our whole damn production thing. Wreck them. Hell it damn near kill them when he left here. The great mates Lewis who actually was creative and came up with some real interesting stuff for us. We don't want nobody like him here and we sure don't want nobody like Larry Bessler reminds his own business and does a good job and air just this it's an air.
We don't like guys like that. We like people who like fat boy that cause a lot of problems and eat a lot of meals. Anyway it's 1048 at WIOD.
This is the beat of a heart. The beat of a major programming move will be made this afternoon at two on 16 WIOD.
The greatest TV spot speaking of TV in the history of mankind. Have you seen the new Grey Pupon spot?
Grey Pupon Moustered. You haven't seen that. So anyway here's this very distinguished looking gentleman with a big suit and a whole deal on in the back of a limousine.
He's got a squeeze bottle a plastic squeeze bottle of Grey Pupon and it's almost down to the end and he's squeezing it.
I don't even know what he's squeezing in a hot dog or whatever the hell he's eating and he's squeezing the last bit of this Grey Pupon and it goes like that.
And the limo driver turns around and gives him a real sour look and he says, oh excuse me. It's just you had to be there.
I got a great idea since they're doing the fart beat all day.
In honor of our new a big programming move at two o'clock this afternoon.
How's that three hours? All right. It's a fart beat. I'm WIOD.
I guess we can count filling on another one of those people that found out about a program change on the race. Are you sure?
I think so. That's what it sounds like to me. So he called you just now. He was very squirrely on the hotline there just now. Yeah.
You know, when you when your number's down to a three two man, I mean you're a great talent. But that stuff wears out after wow with the voices and the whole stick.
You know, you used to be great then. Then when he had the guy the I 95 asshole guy and said the effort on here the other day that you know we're going to mess him around here. He's a hell of a guy and the smokes hell of a chain thing,
chain link fence. But other than that, he doesn't know about it. I'm not bad. He's put him in the same category with Davey gravy line. But see, don't worry because he came back.
So big changes, baby. We're going to have fire some big ones this afternoon at two o'clock. Here's the Miami Lakes. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you supposed to be on on Sunday? You're best of Neil tapes. I have you're asking me. I have we had any idea.
I'm a fire report then. Yes. I want to say that Chris Baker really sucks. No kidding. Okay. He made your bullet and here we go. He really sucks. Okay. Gary Burbank was on Neil. Oh, you know something. I heard of Graveline. I heard. I heard 30 seconds yesterday. I've never heard him before doing a spoof on large ass limbaugh. I take back what I said before was the worst radio. I've ever heard in my life.
He's almost as bad as the bitch in the night. Gary Burbank. Hey, do it a rash lip off. Take off. It was it was a tragedy. We're like a 10 year-old kid playing radio in his basement. It really sucks. You still definitely going to leave.
It's still going to leave. Yeah, you said at two o'clock. I said we have big changes at two o'clock. Does it mean he's not going to be there? Might be his pantalonies. You'll have to stay tuned, pal. Keep you on a hook. Stay tuned, sweetheart. Yeah. But wait. Yeah. But wait a second. Anyway, it's 10.53 at WIOD.
we have an open line in date seven five one nine four six three we're gonna have uh...
uh...
a big one at two oh five baby
or we just have a big one at six ten
cousin mad dogs gonna be in here for a depot who's out there doing the uh...
and by the way i hate to say this i know you're gonna but i'm not jump it on the
bandwagon i'm not a hurricane fan i did broadcasted baseball for many many years
but the canes and i have kind of had a falling a falling of the ways
the whole day of university you know they can kiss my ass
but i did see the last three and exactly the hockey game yesterday i saw the last
three and he's the world's serious game if it's you and the canes
and uh... they looked really good to me
those canes they looked and they played pretty good too
jd rt a goes that is named George the guy the kid who puts the whole what do you
tell about your supposed to know these things he's uh... some kind of hulio
and fact everybody on our t-neck at go mess they got uh...
and they got bucks bomb they got a jewish kid on there with a bunch of
hulios i don't know what that's all about
but that kid pitch himself a hell of a game and then the eighth inning they
if fsu hits these three line shots
the last one of which a wicked drive up the middle
he closes eyes reaches out the glove and stabs that baby and a ball two
and that was it and poor kid from fsu he looked like and like what was that
where what is that
this a joke or what are we on canton camera
but they look pretty damn good i think the a canes are going to win a college
world series this year and of course then i'll jump back on a bandwagon like
all the rest of you phonies
here's Miami hello
new yes sir pretty good
let me tell you some right now fill in the lucky not laying in the cemetery
somewhere after what he did uh... saturday
boy yeah
you're not right now i did not
they took him to the hospital and everything
he collect all you mean it called her
you're kidding me
what a jackass this guy's older than molasses he's trying to become a
teenager again he went out there and ran in at two twenty
he ran into twenty and collapsed during war months he had trouble breathing
play took him to the house he collapsed during warmaps
sounds like the horses i've been on a pompadot
surprise you hear anything about it i had nothing about it
well you ask around here you'll find out
you know the hospital Saturday night
feel Henry was in a hospital that's what they told everybody on the radio
now is this a put on or is this for real see what i'm telling you never know
i know book camper broke in during a show and some of the uh... yeah see another
put on a school if they're yank it again man
and you're a judge
take it out okay
see you
so that's the all kind of believe the lots of the way getting out of it you know
cuz he didn't want to do that hurt him friday trying to pull a scan their
on call to get some kid to go out there
and put you know put on a t-shirt that's an on fill Henry or and do the thing
which is a smart way of doing it
all here we go
hello
yes ma'am
i do have an exact address for the house of a minute talking about friday
on west rower yes ma'am one seven three six eight
one seven three six eight
west grip and road
west grip and road in davie
in davie now did you get the directions and i get there
yeah but uh... would they told me that when you hit twenty seven to go south
i mean yeah that's right they told me take grip and west and on twenty seven
go south
go south
yeah that's what they said they said turn on twenty seven no no no
when you get to the end of griffin road is where it hits twenty seven
maybe maybe what they met as you go south it's like because it's like about a
half a block right off of griffin
where the road ends
oh as far in other words you take griffin as far west as you can go
well griffin as far as west as you can go is a lot further than one seven three
six eight because they go to over two hundred and something
no no i said one one seven
six eight three
west grip and road
now you did not say that you say one seven three six eight no no well maybe i
may be i may be i misspoke one one seven three six eight
one one seven three six eight right
what griffin right
okay it's pretty simple you just go west and uh... as far as it go right to
the end
you can't miss it you'll see the big signs
can we look for it can we look for you today
yeah
about what time
about what time can we expect you
all later on
okay
see that
so what i don't know
one one seven
eight three
six eight
you give me different numbers every time what is it
you give me different numbers every time okay what number you got written down
first you give me one three seven six eight no i never know i did not i did not
you got a phone problem i never said three there was never a three and a number
now i don't have a
uh...
all right never mind
no wait a minute really i guess those things are not real then what is that
and i'm going to bring your own uh... depends on you
yet because we do serve a nice lunch we have a nice buffet
all right and some great fresh squeezed apple juice straight from uh... the
uh... the cow piles of davi
all really
yet we'll see about two thirty okay
okay bye-bye
we have an open line and date seven he ought to be in a hospital this man
yet but let me say something for let me say something
open line and date seven five one one on a purple line at pound i would be
here's market hello
and you
yes sir
i've been holding for so long the phone that is i i nearly dropped it
yeah
you know you can hear the delay in the radio on a phone also
would mean here the delay all
i can hear you in in like seven seconds later i can hear the same conversation again
you mean like way distant in the back
that's probably the phone company screwing itself probably
well it's not i was on
driving in the car saying i heard the other hurricane game on radio who is doing
that
who is doing the kids getting the four of the sun and uh... before you know
well the four of the good thing he made that he was doing on a Sunday because
of the religious fanatics heard what he said
they would have been making phone calls like crazy why would he say he was
talking about the home played on pyrr
and he said that they before the umpire had a real double strike zone
and yesterday said
he said this guy's got a strike zone tighter than the virgin Mary
no i swear to god
jeff the force made a comment like that
he certainly did
tighter than the virgin Mary said that on six ten w i o d
my mouth that got there i can't believe it
that they're married
nice
uh... he's usually so you know you know you can understand that
and then both okay never send a pair of Jews to uh... to Omaha
thanks for the good news back
okay good so we had the field of the effort with a guy from the asshole song
and a weekend for also went into hospital and collapse
and
w a
y
s
u c k s
use talking entertainment radio six ten
w i o d presents
the neal roger show
to talk with neal call seven five one w i o d in day
five two four w i o d in broad
outside the three oh five area code
it's toll free one eight hundred nine four four w i o d
and say the one customer's can call pound i o d at no charge
now the new roger show
a news talk and entertainment radio six ten
w i o d
m o n e a y s u c a n
just keep praying baby that's the answer somebody facts me this great article
faith keeps man from saving self
salesman starves and dies waiting for gods hell
agnes or a gun
when do it finally got stuck in a snow last fall trying to drive the back roads
over the climate mountains he put his faith in god
and waited with the patience of joe for somebody to rescue him
for nine weeks he said in the cab of the pickup check the days off the calendar
in his salesman's day planner and wrote a stack of letters in a neat hand
on a legal pad and to his two sons his fiancee and his boss
if he had stepped out of the truck and followed the road back around a
corner he soon would have found clear pavement leading down the mountain
the safety last month some teenagers who got stuck
themselves discovered filly starved at death in his pickup
the people who live in this rugged country couldn't believe he'd just sat
there like some dumbass for so long the snow never stays on that road but
right there says Glenn carpenter of gold beach who dug
Finley's pickup out of five feet of snow with a front end loader on
May 22 before going on to open the road for the season
depending on the weather Finley 56 could have had a few hundred yards or a
few miles of snow to walk through before reaching pavement
but there was no sign he ever left the truck i have no control over my life
it's all in his hands he wrote his will be done
Finley wrote his boss and one of the letters found with his body
death here in another month or so or he sent someone to save me yet knowing
his will i'm at peace and his grace will prevail
if i'm to save if what is it if i'm saved to finish my life here
please know i'll always be thankful to you and rain your servant if not
i'll see you in glory
anyway i'm not saying it in glory whole anyway after Finley vanished his boss
uh max sealer owner of asyns campers sent him out another man to search
form deputies in kusbe his last stop sent up a helicopter
meanwhile Finley accepted his fate writing calmly to sealer the most
wonderful thing out of this ordeal has been the never-ending fellowship with
the lord he wrote i haven't eaten since noon of november 14 yet i feel great
i'm in good spirits i'm in good spirits he said
i've never known such fellowship nor how his plan for man can be a love for us
beyond all things Finley kept crossing off the days on this
counter till january 19th it was a senseless death
said Jim Kelly of the forest service that's what's so sad about it the good
lord didn't take care of it okay it's 1109 at w i o t we have two open lines
and broard five two four and that purple line at pound i o d don't forget two
o'clock this afternoon major development
here's my amy hello hey niel yes sir yeah long time listener over a year
in first time caller all right um i was down in
summerland key from memorial day i just happened to bring my radio down for the
alarm clock we're going fishing in the morning i was picking you guys up clear
as a bell that's what about 20 miles from k west wow
yes long way for w i o d that's a hail of a long way
but it was only in the morning i couldn't get your show in the afternoon
must have been something to do with the airwaves early now when my show comes on
it like a pee on the tower and they made they cut away down it
they don't want to offend anybody down area anyway in honor of the marlin's
fantastic start and wanes and session price gaging gouging i should say
gorgeous yeah that too i wanted to give you some lyrics for take me out to the ball
game for wane okay uh it goes like this rip me off at the ball game rip me off at the park
buy me some peanuts and cracker jacks then mortgage the house just to pay the state tax
and it's gouged gouged gouged wane i zing g if you don't get nirina who cares yes
because it's one two three grand were out at the old ball game
incredible beautiful yeah i hear you okay pali that's it have a great life you two now see
yeah see you open line and date seven five one w i o d two and brownered five two four nine four six three
no panther fans out there got any comment about the uh in just totally unacceptable on constant
will increase in the ticket prices because maybe we don't have no panther fans left
or maybe they just don't give a crap about anything like everything else
and that first hour all those calls that we had all seven or eight of them about the
buffaltoads absolutely nothing nothing of any use nothing of any value i'll get about two
million dollars worth of mothballs and spread them all around that of course the renal washer
my way although it don't rain that much this time of the year right right and then the poor guy
that called about his rca about the dss about his satellite dish used to be once upon a time man
when we had an audience you could call an ax about just about any god damn thing out of the sun
and within a heartbeat oh sorry within a matter of moment what are all listening to the heartbeat
on she now all the old people should turn on fm 103 point there it is just to know that you're
still alive or fairly close to it okay just the sound of the heartbeat is reassuring to me up here
in tamarack uh-huh open line and brownered five two four beat this and let's go to a fort
waterdale hello hey nil yeah first time call the man all right yeah i love the station but i'm
gonna tell you now yeah you'll be talking crap about with dolphins the dog will be a force to be
wrecked what i'd be talking about what you'll be talking crap about the dolphins meaning what
they go what crap did i say about that i never said the dolphins would suck anything or anybody
you say mean or be them they're gonna be one crap out doing me you know no chance no chance you're
dreaming man i'll put you 50 grand on that right now come on down here with the cash and let's see
it put it up front yeah i love station man i'm a truck driver y'all keep me woke right and they got
a key for the crap i guess y'all we're almost key with there you go okay paly good luck to you okay
all right okay i'm a great life go pants okay now what does this say i get the bucket junior it's
uh what is this sex talk radio heats up the airwaves oh this isn't about what's her name is it
by Kevin Cook Melissa ethridge counting crows some off breathing sports talk what kind of an article
is that it's sex talk radio writing bear but to rescue america's ears from the same old ditto radio
designed to keep you in the ratings up all night air in summers oh she's cool look at this this
isn't article about the sex bitch how do you like that in media i don't know what the hell magazine
this is media something or other is that the name of the see people facts me stuff and i never
know what the hell it's from this must be the media column from some goddamn magazine but we don't
know what it is air in summers for making that old penis taste a little bit better Sarah go to the
grocery and get one of those plastic honey bears put that honey right on your man it's going to make
everything sweeter Sarah he he summers regarding the taste of semen there is nothing wrong with spitting
out that's your choice and remember that as a woman Sarah and Sarah goes he he and that's basically it
beautiful man this bitch is getting more precious on she's on tv she's on radio she's on billboards
she's in the newspaper she's up your everywhere yes has it got a picture of her post in there
and look at the picture it does have which i can't make out because it's a facts i don't know exactly
what that is sitting next to the radio but there's the radio with the with the
waves blasting out of the radio and it says eurgasms the new trend in oral sex
scored scored oral a url isn't that clever i bet it took them seven years and 45 writers to come
up with that and jay lino uh alternative is going to be the new format for she alternative crock
mission art garser were the ones blown out mix Lewis and art garser got blown out the new format
as alternative crock which is basically what they've been anyway is supposedly no hard rock
yeah i have a little bit of i haven't listened to she well wait a minute what do you mean a or
sorry the eBS things going off um yeah them and zeta have been like identical for the past few months
oh i haven't listened to she probably in like three years at least so they've been doing the
same like classic crock is that what they're doing yeah the classic crock and like the long
hair stringy hair metal rock and uh just really crappy that's why their numbers took a dive
the end so what are they going to do now probably like the alternative rock like more new rock uh you know
two inch nails yeah stuff like that yeah okay so they got two inches coming for you 103 on she
baby that's good so in other words it's not going to be run and run i knew it they're not going
to spend the money to put those uh the guys on in the morning after all howard's got to have a free
ride we don't want to put no run and run back on and get back two or three points of the audience
here's the mimey hello it's going to be herman like being in shape and on cheek yeah right
you wish hi this is one example yeah open line and date 751 oh god here's mimey hello uncle neal
yes sir captain thing here how you been okay captain thing kepasa first time i saw sports
wrap for the first time yes credible i would have thought i had a million calls about this saying man
you were great on air last night what you were dying about you should be on air should be your
guy damn show you you were great i mean how was great uh i had a chance to say anything i would
have really been great if we had any kind of technical assistance there if we had uh you know
they're show their idea of showing like replace of stuff is they just they can't stop and start
things i mean they're a bunch of nice guys they're in a controller room at 33 but they just they
have it like all together and they just run it and it'll let you know what i'm saying but the
whole setup it looked like like a amateur setup i mean you're not a professionally done show
that's right uh what do you think mandage is doing on air well it was amazing of all the people you
are the only non-regular sports catcher there right that was amazing uh finally getting a chance to
go to Vegas this weekend yes first time can you recommend a good restaurant yeah there's there's
this tremendous curl listen to me curls junior like a weight vegetarian because i have a
vegetarian they have a great salad bar in fact when you drive up to the window you hear that little
voice saying get the honey it's a beautiful thing man okay write our name on a wall out there man we'll
be a little bit douchebag we'll be right on your heels yes John Franco Fried and Uncle Chopra and
Francisco Franco okay pal see a plunger brain set there's a guy in his way to Vegas like we will
play i think now by the way i hate to you know start asking for particulars and i know fat boy
see nothing's gonna change here they can have all the meetings they want they can put out all the
memos they want nothing's ever gonna change here because they don't care about it if there was
gonna change we'd have more than one spot this hour but uh you know what are we what are we really
talking about is the fact that we we need a little inflammation for example we went and ate its
shells in sunrise on Saturday had dinner there at shells and i you know i'm thinking of myself
well we'll go at five o'clock as they open at five because i haven't been in shells in a long time
i'm the guy to put them on the map in the first place years ago and so we drive up there in a place
is packed packed and i look on the door and they're open continuously from 11 30 in the morning for
lunch until whenever they close at night i didn't know that i'm doing spots form i didn't know
nothing about it because i have no information trouser trot that's that's his account trouser trot
and it's the same with everything else that goes on here yeah but you know the talent doesn't
service there you guys just don't take care of our clients the way they do the way fat Hank does
when he goes gets all those free meals that's right we can eat quite that much
but i mean what are we really talking about that we don't have any information like the trip to
Vegas we're leaving 6 30 on i don't know whether we still got those six tickets left or not six
seats i don't know what time we're coming back do you know what time we're leaving on Sunday i've
never i've never been appraised of that of all time we're leaving Vegas and going to get back to
fort lauderdale on Sunday evening night whenever it's and nothing i know nothing
and this again fat boy is down there busy with a guy who doesn't spend one dime on his radio station
who's the biggest snorer or least one of them who's ever come down to pike and do we want free
lunch from this guy while he's down there probably just just shoveling crap down his post and food too
and uh... if no no involvement whatsoever none and you and none so rick alperman and i'm going to say
again the the sheet that he handed out their computer i sheet with all the business on air this
morning i'd be embarrassed i'd be humiliated to put that thing out i would leave town first before
i put that in anybody's hands and the sheet to that's in playboy by the way that article about air
it's in playboy the media column by Kevin cook is in playboy magazine errands summers the passion
bitches in there
you've got it like i said she is bigger than god damn merry tyler more i just can't stand that
sloth here's the west pop beach hello
hey yeah
about all these people that keep shoveling down food should we just like
tell them there are people starving in europe or do you think that make them hungry or
let's go to my amy hello
okonio yes
you might bitch
you might faggot
all lines and date wide open 7 5 1 9 4 6 3 7 5 1 w i o d
this is your automatic callback service the number of your last incoming call was
305 7 7 0 1 7 4 1
3 0 5
we're sorry the number of your last incoming call cannot be called back
please hang up oh we can't we can't call back 7 7 0 1 7 4 1
i don't get it do you understand that that doesn't make any sense to me
thank you for calling Cisco food services of south florida if you're calling from a push button
phone and you know your party's extension press nine in the extension at any time during
this message i like it would like to speak to someone in customer service press 9 5 0 4
if you would like a specific department please press the single digit one for merchandising
two for export and cruise ships three for frozen and cooler receiving
press four for dry receiving five for credit six per count
okay have a nice day sweetheart we have an open line in date 7 5 1 1 and
brownored 5 2 4 9 4 6 3 5 2 4 bitch here's a lady in bokeh hello
deal yes ma'am i got a couple of hockey questions for you yeah i got my panthers invoice
15 000 something for eight season tickets so that's a little steep
mm-hmm and i also have a question about the Detroit Red Wing what is the deal with the octopus
you know do i have to keep telling the story i just got through telling the story on friday i
wasn't here well a guy in a guy had a fish market 1952 okay the back in those days there was only
six teams in league okay i used to take eight games to win a Stanley Cup there was only two rounds
in a playoff so eight wins you want a Stanley Cup so he got a real clever idea because the octopus
has eight testicles tentacles he figured he would take one of the game and you know if they won
they would toss it out on the ice and it would represent the eight games that it takes to win a
Stanley Cup and a cut cut on and he got a bunch of fishy people in Detroit i got it that's what
it stands for that's all i needed to know okay have a nice day see ya two open lines in date 751
is there anybody out there who knows anything about the ds s about anything except go into the
sawgrass and hang out of the goddamn food court no okay and two open lines in brown or five two four
nine four six three they don't know about the bufo toads they don't know about the ds s what do they
do know about huh except maybe try to free load which by the way an order's rick is back on that
bandwagon again back on that jag again this morning i'm not doing it i'll let all the other shows
be the ones that dispense you all the good freebies i'm not doing it i gave you trips to vegas i
gave you a trip to buffalo to see the dolphins which turn every time we give anything away it's
turned into way an unmitigated disaster just like giving away those damn adult movies with i mean
that part of it wasn't a disaster it was who we had to deal with who by the way left his card on
the thing here this morning that was the one of the first things i saw when i walked in here was
the card from that pudwacker she got under and by the way that's listed on his list who seems to
attract that here's mimey on the purple line hello meal yes sir first time collar on tell you
what okay i told bell cells to stick it good it sounds great to me for your frog problem yes
get a floating duck in your pool i have a floating duck it doesn't do the trick but what would do
is that i'm gonna do oh they're afraid of ducks apparently well they're not afraid of this one
evidently well you know the thing with the moth balls i've got a question about that when you
smell a moth balls do you hold them by the wings or by the legs i'll work on it man goodbye see
yeah that's cute that was kind of cute they're saying what what what is it now well why was so
funny about that i don't know two open lines at day seven five one we have an open line on a purple
line pound i would be one on a blue line and brown or five two four we don't give a crap about
the prices weighing raising to a hundred dollars a ticket we don't give a crap in fact we'll just
show up there so we can eat that great food speaking of great food what we're getting for lunch
here today what are you smirking about fatso well i don't want that stuff from that other place i
mean that guy's nothing but a free loader there's nothing worse man than people that try to exploit
and use you for fun and profit and drain air v mounts air v ounce of energy out of your body
i still say man if we could just if we could find a place that had something that was good
and not loaded with cheese and fat and stuff we'd be way ahead of the game we'd have it licked
by the way if there's any if there's any punks out there live any acres that like
licking toads come on by and i'll be tossing them out and the seriously just drive on by and i'll
toss them over to fence might as well put them into some good use that's what i've been told
so what are we getting here come on real quick come up with some some idea something really good
something tasty something delicious something succulent to put in our mouths just something
that passed the place still open what is that the uh eighteen karat farmers market in juice bar
are you crazy is that the place that brought us all that stuff that had uh uh manure on it
don't you remember that they brought us a bunch of stuff that had like manure on it
i must have missed that one i'm serious
okay then forget about that El Paso here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil yes sir how you doing good
last night did you happen to watch that show uh the right verdict no i didn't watch it because i was
on television myself on sports rapplode manage last night we only had about three people in
all audience who saw it or whoever there to comment about it i hate that happen uh this show you
after he heard their confessions father old tool yeah exactly on top of that he had another you
have an argument in one of the priest went to put his his hand and he showed it like calm down
yeah and he said hey i'm not one of your alter boys oh i love it you know it was i was shocked because
i'd never seen the show before and that that was the first uh exposure to it is a pretty interesting
script they had a good time what show was it it's called the right verdict it's on where uh what's
the name used to be murder she bloated or whatever it is what do you mean where she used to be she's
off well i think they're off like they're supposed to be changing when she's on she's like really
pissed off about it yeah i think this guy let me just say this anybody that watched that show murder
she wrote should be murdered i'll tell you that right now that could have been the worst show in
the history of tv it made my mother the car look like omnibus that's how bad that show is unfortunately
it's gonna probably still be on some other time but oh oh look pretty uh it was pretty good i
didn't somebody tell angel a landsbury she's been dead for 20 years already get the pain overall
exactly okay thanks for the good news i also say how do you uh buddy cliff the uppool man he's one
of my customers oh god i know we get to see his smile little uh fate every once in a while i extend my
deeper sympathy exactly have a great life poem you too open line of power five two four nine yeah
pool the pool this cliff or just go fall off a one yeah i thought that once i got those malalucat
trees down there that i wouldn't have all that mong and crap in my pool anymore i think that my
pool filter is a piece of crap is what i think there's still plenty of garbage in there
if i had a good pool filter would just suck those bufos right through there no problem
maybe we can have clipped a pool man come down and lick some of those toads huh
i think he's already ahead of us 1128 at w-w-i-d in his path
i'm gonna have to go
any other job
but driving in my junk car
hurt on the radio
for you get older
you gotta save some dough
no i can't save none
let my pay goes higher
guess i can't retire
what's the deal
it don't make no sense
after i pay my taxes
i can barely pay my rent
i should save more
but there were it's burned like fire
because i know i can't retire
you'll need a million dollars in your account again
you'll save it much because i'm always eat out of back
stop eating i get ahead
but you do that too long and you're wind up dead
so so the curries broke
spread on my money
i work until i crout
probably as a plus point
bring all of these bills
please make me prosper
because i know i can't retire
retire
and retire
levin thirty two at w-i-d the only station in america that where you'll hear that
farting in the shower is one of america's great experiences
isn't that one of life's best pleasures is like cutting a real good one in the shower when
it's like hot and steamy in there
oh god what am i higher that is
so anyway i'm gonna audition some of this stuff on here that'll be good that'll kill some good
time what are we gonna do about we're gonna how about a little something from across the street
is he still open he is what is he got
what is he got that we know you keep the menu yeah i kept it okay let's take a call from a
mobile to north Miami hello hey Neil yeah first time caller all right uh then boopo frogs
and how to take care of him yeah ammonia
ammonia squirt on with ammonia pneumonia pneumonia ammonia whatever
and i don't take care of him i think somebody told me that a long time ago too yeah see i'm
trying to find a way to um just to hear rid of him you know what i'm saying like poison put
something around right nothing like that i don't i don't know of anything that you can put
out i just the only way i've ever hit the thing was like squirt and bruise smith in the face
and it knocks them out okay thanks pali okay what do you say squirt and bruisely in the face
we have an open line in date 751 night well we wouldn't feel it at this point what he
anica pre here we go 14 out of a JFK cause way across from channel seven it says doesn't say
across from channel seven and wiod it just says across from channel seven and you would take
with all the free food that we've sucked out of those people over these last several months that
they would least recognize our existence by the way shells was great on saturday in the clam
chowder oh god man there is some real real stuff some heavy duty what are we getting here George
little chicken little vio how about 16 orders of meatball something good in the artery clogging
i don't think we're getting anything let's just let's just read the menu all day let's just talk
about like chicken frenches with lemon and butter sauce chicken arabiata with the garlic and hot
cherry pepper shrooms and light sauce and that sound good chicken scarpari scarpari yellow garlic
shrooms balsamic oh i don't like balsamic vinegar it's very expensive but not for this kid oh no
here's a lady in Miami on a purple line hello hello yes ma'am hi how you doing good um i'm with my
home life is one battle against bifurthe really yeah i've got two dogs one dog has got them twice
she was in the hospital for four days from one of them wow um they're in my yard and i just i
just catch them and i take them to a place and leave them there take them to a place yeah i'm
establishing a towed colony uh-huh um but that's what i do i just got two big ones over the weekend
well what what do you mean you take them to a place like out where well just so they won't get back
out in the desert yeah out in the middle of the desert maybe if i'd add snowbank with that guy in
Oregon open the truck keeping company take them away from my house yeah and the other thing is i
just got a ds s right right and i love it but you don't have a screen the paddy where they get
any outside it's on um it's on the second on the outside of my house on the second floor yeah right
facing south the guy brought a compass with them of course yeah so but it's working real well okay
okay thanks a pile bye see you open line on a purple line pound iod where does the lady with a dish
antidote how do you like that pound iod if you got cellular one picked that baby up and pounded to a pulp
here's uh shrimp parmesan and how about some octopus
linguiti faletto de pamedoro with onion prosciutto and fresh tomato sauce that's what i'm having
faletto de pamedoro is fancy is that sounds all that means is filet of tomato
that's all that that means onions prosciutto and uh Frank i think that's what i mean who's gonna
teach me a taliano how's that mark to do you know gonna come by and teach me a little give me
a little Italian here's bokeh on a browered line hello hey Neil yes sir speaking about this i
didn't call about the toads but man we got him sitting in my dog food bowl they're humongous what
do you mean sitting in your dog food bowl well in other words you feed your dogs outside bad idea man
i've read that that attracts him like crazy man like a maggot believe how big there i think they're
building a bufo condo out back yeah and listen what channel is that sports wrap on 33 33 we never
said that before yes i did hey listen many a time i know you i know you don't like the dolphins anymore
yeah but i was watching for father's day i got this uh 92 dolphin season paper and first thing
went off the bat is says voice of the dolphins was rick weaver and hangover and listen all the way
through all you hear is the mad gal getting the background there's no fat hand just hang just
just the mad dog in the background screaming that is too much i love it hey listen one more
i understand through the grapevine that Hank was ripping manage an ass on the year on friday over
there on the your make-believe sports station and all i can say to that is that it's just you know
so obvious the demand is extremely jealous because he'd give his left uh if he had any of me that
give his left the toenail to be back under doing a color on the dolphin games and he's he's talking
about manage being unprofessional and uh home or and all this other manage man can eat him under the
table there's no comparison oh man what a 50 hand yeah yeah and let's make that one quick one for
you i got you mace book or a year okay see ya baby open line of brown at five two four nine four
six three if her Hank to be a casting excursions at anybody else how did Hank's vagus trip come out
by the way and are we going to find out what time we're coming back on that vagus trip on uh
whatever that day is when we're coming back Sunday the 18th which is like only 13 days from today
since the trip is like a week and a half away a week from this Thursday that we're going
and are we going to find out if those six tickets are still left are we going to find out
anything ever he would like to know that's what he would like to know any answer is of course not
because fat boys out there stuffing his face see i just don't understand i mean if i'm like in any
any kind of management well most of the people that's building it got some kind of a title
so they're like straw bosses if i'm in any kind of that position how can i keep lying and lying and
lying and lying and making up stories before finally i start getting embarrassed you know what i'm saying
i mean some of these people are never going to cut the mustard if given every chance in a world man
unless he's putting it on some gigantic sandwich fat boy and cutting the mustard
here's Palm Beach even a great poop on Palm Beach hello hey Neil how you doing okay i got a couple
things after have you seen a great poop on spot uh yeah i think fat boy eight to eight to big drawer
listen to this first of all i saw you on that show and i can't believe any of these like pseudo
intellectuals down in south beach who are trying to like get some uh little tv shows or radio i mean
any kind of spots on the air yeah they should give you a show i mean it would be an immediate success
yeah and uh if i had if i had some more money i i would look into it because i remember watching
stern when i used to live up in New Jersey he had a couch and he used to get a couple of lesbians in
there yeah the show was very uh you know very small budget but it was something to watch and
man that they have uh they you knew they were making money yeah and and well even even
Richard Bay is making big bucks with that you know garbage show he's got right i just i can't
believe it to you're not on the on the tv because uh you blow all those guys away it was incredible
i mean they just i you have a talent and i don't know why you're not on the air yeah i should be
on air yeah see this is the see what they want to do what this company would like to do is keep
me kind of suppressed like i'm some kind of little underling right they're having all these problems
and they can't sell my show and i say too much crap on the air and i'm just basically i've got more
people i want to do more stuff with me and this this company just like stands in the way here like
more they're an impediment they're an impediment to my life is what they are oh you don't you don't
need agent will take good care yeah well i'll take care you don't need no agent you don't need no
lawyer will take care and they lie through their teeth man it a bit if anybody in this business
i'm talking about people who understand the radio business right if they could come in here and see
this uh the program log and understand what our sales department is up to and a kind of shenanigans
that go on every day here and then last week the sales department is all gone where they there
were another seminar in Tampa on how to go out and sell a few spots those guys are all they're
in a seminar they're all enjoying all the money that you're bringing in there that's what they're
doing and they're just using you it's it's incredible because i don't see any advertisements for
you i tell people about your show next time i see them they're like well i didn't you tell me
about this guy before he's a riot i love the show i'm turning my friends on they say we never
see a billboard we never see any tv spots they said this guy is hot what why are you putting them
in all for the so i'm just being honest okay pal and here one other thing i want to talk about is
the panther ticket prices yes i can't believe that i mean what kind of nonsense accounting can you tell
me when they pack that place night after night all the way up to the panther pack that they're not
making money what are you know lower bowl is thirty one seventy five at third and get their
nuts they've only got fourteen thousand seven hundred and whatever seats it's not enough
but tell me you don't they have also one of the smallest payrolls for any team or is that the
marlin both i just i've also got a little payroll and uh from this ticket increased by the way all
they're going to make is one point six million is what they're going to make and allegedly they're
going to use that money to go out and sign free agents or to get you know like a real player to
on a team i mean just the increase over the years is is too much there and look at this uh mr
isenga look what happened when you messed around with the marlins fans you wind up with uh with a
a third empty stadium i still say and we said it on the sports raps show last night i still say
this that there is no reason why he and he he and erison don't get together erison owns the heat
he owns the uh panthers it would be a common interest they got all the money in the world put the
money up there build their own damn marina wherever the hell they want it out there by the saw grass
wherever it makes the most sense and cut the crap already and stop belly again if they can't make
any money all right i'm great make too much sense nil when you have your own tv show some kind of
pirate show out of my army and everybody's watching uh i can't wait to hear all these points on the
air okay pal thanks nil have a great life what what does that mean we have an open line on the
it can't wait to hear what i just said on the air didn't you didn't hear it i guess uh turn up
that miracle ear pal open line on the green line one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three
one eight hundred nine four four what the hell is it all about and they think it's a joke oh that
nil boy you hear him talking about that fat boy and about that bob green and about all i
cron my god what a place that is yep you're right about that right on target baby it's an embarrassment
is what it is we got a bunch of people walking around in this building who shouldn't not only shouldn't
they have a title not only should they have other people's lives in their hands they shouldn't be
allowed to come into the building like even for like a handout even for a glass of water
here's a lady in Kendall hello hello yes ma'am i want to just tell you someone had told you already
to use ammonia but that he was right you should have a couple of bottles in your backyard
prepared ready when you see one throw it they die instantly really but you got to get to the
big ones them are the ones that are bringing all the little ones yeah that makes them and they die
the big ones make a little ones yeah let me put them in a pale and give them to the rubbish man
yeah or give them to the give them to the pool man sounds like good idea give them the clip
let me tell you it's not a joke to if your dogs get bit by that i already know that that's
well i have to that'll show me where they're at they won't even go to really their weapons and they just
they whip it i watched them in the yard yeah do that don't wait okay good luck i'm going right to the
ammonia store when i get off okay good luck we have two open lines in date seven five one this is a
serious business and if there are people out there got dogs that know nothing about this just wait
till the first one comes hop in in your yard and your dog goes out there and takes a little bite in
and it starts spraying a crap in their puts and they start foaming at the mouth and like doing
little sideways dance and if you have a little dog like i do it don't take too much of that crap
in her system and all of a sudden it's like uh like that so like i said bring them all over man
two open lines in date seven five one w i o d one on a purple line pound i o d that poor guy with
this satellite this shirt i guess we're not going to get you an answer man i'm sorry i thought we
really had an audience out there that knew something about it and they don't i mean they hear me talking
about the stuff i saw in a satellite we got a bunch of cable suckers out there is what we've got
who just like suds was i've never seen anybody in my life resist something the guy wants to come
down give me hell of a deal stick the thing in there if he doesn't like it he'll take it out and
this man resisted and resisted and i see him in the bookstore yesterday at the sugrass and one of
the things he had in his paws was the uh direct tv uh tv guy the big monthly one yeah mr hot shot
now with this satellite just i don't want it i don't want it the picture is too good there's too much
stuff on there i don't want it i want to be a prisoner of the goddamn cable company the rest of my
life and that's what most of you suckers are here's a mobile implantation hello hey Neil yes
hey they don't want all those other ideas to get rid of their frogs too boring sit on your back
porch with a pellet gun yeah just shoot them just shoot them yeah okay all right see ya
two open lines in date like i said seven five one w i o d purple line is open pound i o d
and one on the blue line and brown at five two four
just shoot them that's what we always say every time it gets to be uh september
october when season starts he sees a frog just shoot him 1146 at w i o d here
six ten w i o d think of us as daycare for very twisted people
i'm so happy that it's been sold out
come bucket come bucket is proud to announce the grand opening of scumbuckets too twice the scumb
twice the bucket scumbuckets too scumbuckets too Tuesday night is wet t-shirt night the first 300
top of girls who show up at the door carrying a wet t-shirt get a free drink scumbucket
scumbuckets Wednesday night is mud on a night all young women who show up wearing black lingerie
and a company by an aging actor get in free scumbucket scumbucket Saturday night is illegal alien night
sneak into the club and you're in free scumbuckets scumbuckets get in your car hang a
left and you'll be there scumbuckets scumbuckets
11 50 at w i o d we have two open loins that are both in date seven five one nine four six three seven
five one what's it all about here's bokeh hello
yeel yeel so i am the show the other night yes enjoyed it yes i like that line about the shower
manage turned red they showed them on the tv did it push turn red red is a beat incredible
and what about that peat Mitchell for the dolphins did you check him out yes i did
i manage manage was getting physically aroused by those two young dolphin prospect he was he
i'm serious as i was getting ready to sit down and do my segment there he said boy he said uh
what a couple of uh bright looking young uh fresh looking uh yeah i said okay whatever you say
he liked it he had his eye on it man i'm telling you he was showing them where the showers were
channel 33 now do you do you think you're on there again what do you mean by that like uh you know
during the uh during the hockey park i told him anytime you want just acts and i'll be there if i'm
in town i'll be there but what about like Friday you're saying they asked Denise what happened with
that i can't get a real story about that and he calmed uh who's a pervericator uh you know he's
just he's just keeping making up these little stories he's telling me that it was his the other
producers idea and the uh head she's producer was saying it was Andy's idea and who knows but we
were we were apoplectic we didn't we thought they were blowing you off for Denise well Denise said
that if i was on a show he wouldn't be on there which the feeding was mutual and the screw him
but we hate him like poison exactly and he doesn't understand that they hate him in New York and they
hate him here exactly mr. personality right and then that uh i heard that the other day Hank
ripping mandates saying no he you know i like Jim mandates but you know i can't turn on the radio
who the hell does he think he is yeah i mean what a joke like we really give a crap he does but can i
make one uh one criticism but don't get mad yes you got to change the shirt you know when you go
no way yes why is that you need a little color or something no you know they don't they don't
want you to wear a colored shirt on tv i hate to break the news to you that uh my television
expert they want you to wear like a path tell you know like a like either a white shirt or preferably
like a light color like a light blue or light green which is why i wear a shirt like that when i
go on here they also wanted me to put on a jacket i said for a slob like manage i am putting on
no jacket well i agree with me give me an important show i might dress up a little bit but no socks
and no jacket for a mad dog very good nil okay pat it see yeah okay there's our color coordinated
there put on a nice colorful shirt okay okay i mean i know much about tv but i do know they don't
want no flashy shirt got it we have an open line in date seven five one w i o d here's Miami hello
hello nil yes i have the the south florida remedy for you for the toads yes and native you got to
do it every night yes you take a pitch fork and get them every night every night that's i
said it for a whole life yeah okay fork this two open lines in date seven five one nine four six three
seven five one w i guess we're not going to get an answer about that vagus thing at all are we
leaves vagus at two thirty yeah and we're back at ten thirty ten forty five something like that
on sunday night run night by me again we leave vagus this is what he told me now this is right
of straight from bob's mouth at two thirty yeah in the afternoon from the vagus then stop and figure
this out two thirty in the afternoon is five thirty eastern time okay and we're getting back at
what time ten thirty so in other words it's a five hour flight on this plane that's what it sounds
like or ten forty five which means it's over a five hour flight well what time are we going to get
there we're leaving at six thirty see we're like ten days before we're leaving and this is information
I should have had like a long time ago if fat boy was in any way involved in this and like
servicing his client here which maybe ain't spent in fifty million dollars in advertising but nonetheless
is something that's on the year and we're doing but nevertheless here we are ten days before again
just like last year and I know nothing nothing here's the deer field hello
let's go to a pop it obi chill out how you doing okay uh that hogganda story they put about five
to ten percent of ice chips in the ice cream watery yeah and it's just about thirty two degrees
this way when you get it it just starts melting on there well what about the ice cream when you
slide in the freezer and in the store it's not like that no only in the the little retail thing oh so
in other words when you go to that this is interesting to know when you go to hoggandas in the mall
which they're in malls all over the place now like in the sawgrass they water it down yeah
for four bucks a scoop it's not bad yeah that's true for twenty bucks an ounce that's not too bad
there you go thanks for the good news all right see ya well that explains it all along
because I you know and see now that something's wrong with that because when you buy something
in the store and then you go buy it in fact you would think it would be the other way around wouldn't
you like when you go to nathens and you buy one of those great nathens weenies you know how it's
going to taste then when you buy them at the supermarket which you can already package the nathens
weenies and you take it home I mean it's still pretty good but it's it's just not the same as when
they make it right there on the on their grill or whatever the hell are doing to it wherever they're
sticking it so you would always think that if you go to the place that it would be the very best
and that if you like bought it in a store somewhere package can boxed whatever it would be like a
little less good but in this case evidently it's not here's four lotterdale hello
hello yes yes sir go mommy what the hell was that I didn't get it
oh
the last number that called your line cannot be given out oh one of those macho man hi albette
open line in the broward 5249463 524
the last number that called you
hello hola yes you called where where is this qa m
hey goberg show
oh hey goberg
no no is this Hank
oh Frank
Hank
Hank
Hank
Hank
Hank
are you having a problem over there can we call like rescue 911 or something for you
well if you're going to pay for it yes
yeah no we don't pay for it
bag it two open lines in date 751 wild 1 and broward 5249463 how do you like that
man oh man that sound like Jose Conzaco's boyfriend to me here's four lotterdale on the purple line
