Jennifer Ramp.
Did I say?
No, I don't.
He's got bad, well, I guess you're the exception.
Oh, he's got good taste in women.
Right.
But bad taste in guys.
Well, is he straight?
Absolutely.
I bet.
OK.
Then answer is all I need, you know.
610, W-I-O-D.
OK.
Notice how her calc is written.
Because it would have been unprofessional
to stay at the end of a newscast
that she's been doing them for years in Manasigord.
News talk at Entertainment Radio 610.
W-I-O-D presents The Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 W-I-O-D in date.
524 W-I-O-D in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free 1-800-944 W-I-O-D.
And say you the one customer's can call pound I-O-D at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a news talk and entertainment radio,
610 W-I-O-D.
This is your boy and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
I-I-O-D,
I-I-O-D.
My kids all like to swim, so I bought a brand new pool.
Before they dive on in my squad.
Squirt Squirt?
Tell them one thing they can't do.
Don't pin the pool.
That's the golden roll.
When you let go of big wins,
His shots get kind of warm.
Squirt Squirt?
The water turns all green.
And you scream at it in me no harm don't pin them poor
Cause the churrain cool
You can swim into your spence
But don't you have a bladder accident?
Okay, you know how we can get Woody out of here
Okay, I got to
slice these last two
pieces of meat. Okay, there we go. I put it right there. There's one. There's two there's three
Alright, all done Woody come and get it sweetheart. Here you go. Here's the silverware. Here's the plate. Here's the
The shell from the end of the shrimp there whatever the hell you call that stupid thing there on the bottom of its foot
And that's it and thank you so much and we'll see you again tomorrow
But we won't say too much about that now
Okay, it was excellent sensational better than an auto bee. Oh man
Really good and especially the shrimp with it
I mean the steak is great, but the shrimp with wrapped in bacon. Oh my god, and you can eat that
You can eat that on this diet. Look at that. George has got one shoved down his throat right now
We have an open line and a purple line if you have cellular one pick it up and give it a little whiz and we have the green lines
Of course go those are just for the passion bitch at night because they're real horny up in Palm Beach because they're sheep are
You know they're out of town this month. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing now? Okay, sir
It's first time Carla. Okay. You're a jackass. Yeah, and you're still a jackass. Yeah, and
You mama and your mama. Yeah, your mama. Okay
This is your automatic
We're sorry the number. How did I know that? How do we know that George?
We have an open line and the purple line pound IOD one and date 751 Julio and two on a green line
See it's all that yeah, that was probably one of the Julio's in that video
I wouldn't be surprised one of the real ugly ones the one with all the hair on
Oh gee
He had hair in places where it's illegal in most of the day county sent out the search party for that piece of walking crap
Boy, yeah, here's poppin. Oh, hello. Hey, no, yes, sir
Just one of the point out when in a couple weeks ago that they had the big cocky fest the Broward County
Convention. Yeah, I was on vacation. They were all they were all applauding Wayne
Yeah, they had 10,000 people there, but the panthers people
A DD 200 I think that's not get carried away. Well good trip was a good turnout though
Yeah, and the panther people when they announced their draft they made a real point to thank all the people in Broward County for all their support
Right for being at that thing. Yeah, now he tells Broward basically to stick it
Yeah, I mean that's basically what he said yesterday
That's basically what the whole purpose was to give a good shot to Broward
Right, yeah, I mean last I heard we were gonna get a room after arena by the airport
I was like five minutes from my house by the airport. Yeah, by the by the like the Hollywood
Yeah, that's a history where they were that was in the beginning that was that was a totally bogus deal
We're gonna have it out by the sawgrass right by my house
And when he found out it was gonna be convenient for me. That's when he nixed that deal
That's probably what killed it. Yeah, he said screw that fat faggot
One more thing man. Yeah, I'm really happy you're losing all that weight and everything
But I mean just because you're losing weight in the start looks skinny
Doesn't mean you have to rip up people that can't gain anyway you ripped me for three days straight
I can't I can't deal with it. Don't you understand that? I mean I can't deal with that weight
Why do you want a gain weight? Why do you want a gain weight? Because I want to be full of muscle and pump you feel unhealthy
Not really. Yeah, not really. Are you getting any are you married and my married? No. Am I getting any? No?
No, why don't you gain some weight? It's the green here. They stay away from that. Yeah, that would be a good idea
That was it. I mean, I try to gain weight, but it just don't happen. Well go on and put some meat on your bone
Okay pal lucky you'll need it
We have an open line on the blue line and brow it brow it poor brow it's been thanks, Woody
Okay, thanks a lot pal. I have that check for you. Buy it up all those tickets
Guess what I'm buying a 37 games out of 43 which includes the exhibitions might as well
Might as well get those extra seats because this is gonna be our last season and anybody that chastised me
Oh, yeah, he's he's still a Toronto Maple Leaf fan that's his number one team. That's right
You want to know why because they're always gonna be there
They won't always be in Maple Leaf Gardens because pretty soon they're gonna be built in a new place
But right in the same guy damn general neighborhood. They're on Carlton street somewhere, but they'll be in Toronto, baby
Unlike these fly by night teams. What did I tell you about expansion? It's a joke. It's killing sports number one and number two
It's just it's ridiculous. There's only so much real talent to go around
But we wanted a team we got a team was a blessing. It was a miracle. We love it. We uh fondle it and I have a feeling it's gonna be gone
And then he can all thumb his nose up at us and then we can go and say hey take your blockbuster and stick it where the moon don't shine
Where are you? Yeah, I think anybody in Broward County who subsidizes. I know he don't officially have nothing to do with blockbuster
But don't kid yourself. He's still got his finger in there real deep. He's got his finger in it somewhere
I'm not exactly sure where he's got his finger in that whole uh
Blockbuster operation, but I have a feeling I know what part of the body it's in. Brackdom. Yeah
If you don't have it in blockbusters, he sure got in an hour's I'll tell you that
So take the panthers and stick it up off your
way and you jackass
But I'll be spending my money for those tickets and I will buy no refreshments in air for me in an addition, which it's crap anyway bring your own stuff
12 in fact, maybe we'll set up our own concession stand in our section 12 minutes past noon at WIO D
Get your friends to listen or we'll play Michael Bolton until you hurl
I'm so mad at both of you guys
All right, good morning ladies and gentlemen. Just so there is no misunderstanding everybody be seated please
Vay will wasting time if you're gonna keep doing that. I'm gonna stop you right here now making this easy
I'm gonna go over council this whole line needs to be done in a different way and now here it is again because
You know you're on earth in the same day. I'm gonna stop you right here everybody be seated
Vay runner. I think that I was your chef. I'm gonna tell you for the fourth time. No sit down. This is much to do about nothing
No, I'm serious. You know something you're on this is very unfair. Sit down. That's very unfair
Are you, Vay, afraid of this floor? Sit down. Where are you?
All men 12 16 at WIO D that poor little Jeff Judge why I wish is he bet he wishes he was never born and never heard from OJ
And not necessarily in that order
Two open lines and date 751 946 3751
WIO D I'm watching that news yesterday afternoon last night
I'm watching Rick Sanchez hyperventilating on at hot seat next door here
And I'm thinking man if ever there was a day
Ever there was a day that the South Florida audience won't need to be primed and pumped and jump started
Tomorrow meaning today is gonna be the day and guess what as usual wrong
Just like the old farts they have to have their pacemaker jump started with a goddamn battery
And a same with the audience out there really weak really weak and I'm embarrassed for you
No wonder he's ripping Broward and ass
Here's dear field hello
Okay, if you read between the lines
Wain doesn't want to build arena because when he dumps the team which he is a matter of time. Yeah
He's gonna be stuck with that arena and it's gonna be no tenants there
Have guy comes in from national wants to pay an outrageous figure for them. Yeah, but let me wait a minute
Let me ask you something if he builds the arena and he leases it out to whoever
It's assuming he sold us as somebody else here. Okay, that's like Mickey Harrison. Right. I mean he's got a sweet deal
You know he can you know he can call all the shots. He gets a piece of the concessions
He gets a piece of the sky boxes if he was a good business man
Which we've you know led to believe that he is but I'm not so sure he is
That's if he says it to somebody here, but if somebody from how the state comes in buys the team right
It gives him outrageous profit on his investment. Right. He's gonna say no no no
See I think that from the day that they decided they weren't gonna go through with the blockbuster park when he sold all his shares
I think from that day forward
This has been in the works right there. I don't care how much he says they're gonna try their damnedest to keep the team here
You know he just says all of that the you know to save face save push
Anybody who thinks that he didn't buy all these teams for an investment right?
He said that he said that a year ago February when we all started turning sour on it
He says I didn't buy the team for the fans. I'm a businessman. I don't give a crap about the fans
Screw the fans and boys been doing a good job of that and he brought the dolphins in the stadium because he had Robbie pinned against the wall
Right and yeah, cuz all that text deal right exactly. No, he's a he's a monster. No any and people don't realize that
He's just in there for the money. Yeah, he's a prick. Okay. Thanks a lot
Okay, we're finally finally I think that's why a lot of people don't want to speak because a lot of these people
Oh, you're really being tough on Wayne. Yeah, I'm really being hard on Wayne
I've been telling like it is for the last two years until I finally or whatever the hell it's been year and a half
woke up and sniffed at awful foul smelling stench from that bald headed geek and figured out what the hell he was all about
Oh Santa Claus my ass
Santa just sticks something nice and a little stocking and uh goes out of the next house
This guy he sticks it right where the moon don't shine
And by the way uh while you're thinking about how bad it hurts give me some of your tax money
So I can build me a stadium and by the way
This is the way it's got to be done and where it's gonna be done and it's otherwise I'm yanking everything out of your little stocking and going home
Yeah, right. That's right. He just yesterday this man flipped the bird to four million people in South Florida
That's what he did. They'd browored Palm Beach. He flipped you the bird. That's exactly what this man did
And
There's no emotion. There's no feedback here today. Nobody gives a flying crap. Okay. They're just like I said like a bunch of lemons
It's like taking one of those uh squishy toys, you know
And you did like like taking putty and just the squish that around in your hands. That's the there's no backbone in this town
Baby there's no bone in South Florida
Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey new. Yes, sir. Hey can you play at spam song that I heard the other day spam
Yeah, you had a song that oh spam for lunch
Yeah, is that the one you'd be talking about? Yeah, it's cool song. Okay, you got it man. All right. Thanks. See you later. Bye. I'm not so sure if spam is on the diet though
All right
First you
We
Sam, follow us with the I-R-E-P
and Guncela.
Sam, follow us with the smoke.
I, with A, with A, with A.
I want to thank him profusely for requesting that,
because if I wouldn't have just heard that and been paying close to 10,
you know the last time I played.
Guncela is about eight years ago.
I forgot all about our good.
Guncela.
Exactly.
Exactly.
So thank you profusely pal.
It's, and what I'm going to do, I'm going to play hockey highlights from now
until the season starts.
Just, just as a way to rub it into wings, just to grind it in his ass.
He wouldn't know a hockey puck if they slid the entire guy damn team up his ugly ass.
You know, he sits down there with his big body guard.
You know, oh gee, what a comic routine that is.
You know what, you ever paint, we came into a couple of games.
You ever see that guy with a brown suit?
Got a personality like a dead man, big fat ugly guy with glasses with a brown suit.
He's one of the security team there at the Reno,
but he's always appointed to be Wayne's personal security henchman that stands down in that section.
And any game when Wayne shows up or is even in the building,
he's got to have his fat ass down there.
And every time there's a stoppage of play,
he stands up, turns around and faces the crowd.
But the best part of it is when they're doing some of the hockey like Lads go up and they're clapping.
He's like, he's watching him doing a little, he's cheerleading.
He's not, you know, talk about a butt sucker man.
God, how'd you like to see the shade of brown?
His tongue looks like this week.
We have an open line in day 751 one and brown,
524 and one on the green line.
I want to see some Godday me motion out of this town for once in your lives.
Get pissed off like Howard Beale said.
I don't know what the hell to tell you the answer is,
but at least get pissed off.
And that what he said, something like that.
Goddamn Peter Finch had to go and die on us.
He was the only hope we had was Peter Finch and Patty Chaefsky and they're both Goddamn dead.
That's the only hope for the whole human race and they're both dead.
And you know how I feel about that?
Prime Minister Madden, I don't know how to say things anymore.
Unless I have to.
It's 1122 at WIOD.
It's 10. WIOD.
This talk radio stuff is good for you.
Your analyst is pretty sure.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
Goddamn it.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm doing my job really hard.
I'm doing my job really hard.
I'm doing my job really hard.
I'm doing my job quite hard.
It's a big one.
It's a big one.
It's a big one.
As he based her area,
I'm going my job quite hard.
I'm running out of water
The top goal was a lot of the state besides them.
Yeah.
Get the ball, you on a good point shot by Roach.
And back to the center-eye area.
Pass on an open wing.
Blake rifle into the other side.
Roach the time.
Gritsky.
Gritsky turning back from Ella, tried to center it.
Gritsky kept it in, but now Dave Ellin, up with Gilmore.
Gilmore got the pass and goes in with Clark.
Clark on a steep angle, couldn't shoot it.
Center, Anderson, stars, Anderson.
Two, one, Toronto.
Gil, size a pass in there on the right side and gets it handed back.
Hammer's ending, Mr. Gold.
Three, four, and Rick Chakhov.
One and a half in Toronto.
So anyway, I'm just playing hockey highlights until we get our own god damn arena.
And until somebody tells us nobody's taken our puck away, I'm telling you that right now, okay?
We finally get something good in this toilet of a goddamn wasteland with nothing but illegal aliens and murderers and drug and dope addicts.
That's all we got in this town.
We finally get something good.
And right away we got this bald headed Zipface geek threatening.
He's going to take it away from us because he's Mr. Hot Shot with all the money.
Mr. Money bags.
Use son of a bitch.
Anyway, it's 1230.
Am I getting my point across or what?
1230 at WIOD.
Here's Miami on a Broward line.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes sir.
I am calling to thank you for the last four years.
What are we going to do with that bog headed geek that Zipface the Puss Pimple?
Get room.
Just get room.
We don't need him here.
He's like destroying our town.
I am a bus ticket to Nashville, okay?
Let him take his puck and go to that be a good place for him.
I'm a good place for those picker like him and a Dean Jordan.
He can take the Gonsumerschbacher with him.
Neil, I'm going to miss you and do the abum.
You're like the best.
Yeah.
I listen to you daily.
I'm a driver in Miami and you just keep me going all day long.
Where you going?
I'm moving up to Denver.
To Denver.
They got a hockey team.
A pretty damn good one too.
That really good one.
The Denver Nordic.
I like that.
Yeah, I bet.
I just, you give me life daily.
Yeah.
I give this town life day.
I'm the only thing in this town that breeds a little bit of life into it.
It wasn't for me.
They would just turn this whole place into a big gigantic out there mortuary.
I've got a couple of friends that are going to be fed me tapes and I'm just, you know,
I'm like going to be Jones.
Oh, am I glad you mentioned that.
You know, somebody had a, my, even it was Clifte a pool man who was sticking his nose into
my septic tank operation yesterday.
It was a good place for his nose, by the way.
And he had a great idea.
He says he's got all these friends in the islands and I sure was George was listening right
now.
He had a brilliant, listen, it's money in your pocket.
I'm listening.
And mine.
And he's got all these friends in the islands.
One and they keep insisting that he's sending tapes of this show.
And actually, since he's pretending to be doing pools and having a business, he pretends
he don't have time to be doing it.
And so we really don't ordinarily do that, but you know, something if the price were
right, we could probably sell tapes of the Neil Rogers show.
High speed double.
Great.
Are you serious?
Wouldn't that be a great idea?
I would love you.
Yeah.
I love you now, but I would love you more.
And I think we're going to do it.
I'm just going to get it out the spots and just non-stop for Neil.
I would so much in an hour give him, you know, put together hours in the settlement.
How would the station, if they want a piece too bad, they can drop dead.
I can go down.
Exactly.
This is the least they can give me as a residual.
I don't care what they all, and we're selling them.
I ordered at least a million.
OK.
I'll go to the pall.
I want to know if I could call a couple of people with dish bags.
Sure.
The entire top floor to area.
Yeah.
You're all a bunch of dish bags, especially the people that work at Fortress.
OK.
Take care.
Good luck, you palli.
I love you.
See you.
Bye-bye.
Yeah.
So what do you think of my idea of Cliffs idea?
He ain't getting no slice of it, by the way.
I think that's a good idea.
I think we finally put on her and we could also promote it on a 900 number.
You want your dying?
You're in some other part of the country.
You just moved to somewhere.
How many of those caused it?
Do we get air every week?
All these people.
And all these other people who have to keep poaching around,
making tapes to send to their friends.
You don't got to mess around with tapes.
We'll send you cassettes.
They could subscribe, like to a magazine.
Yeah.
That's right.
If you want to buy them separately, we'll send you like for $8.95,
for whatever for an hour.
And if you want to have a subscription, it's so much per month.
And we send you X number of tapes.
I think that's one hell of a good idea.
Finally, stick some extra money in my fat pocket that I could use.
OK?
I mean, you know, two Corvette's in one NSX.
That's not exactly having a fleet of luxury cars if he acts me.
That's a start.
But that's not a fleet, Enema.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249-463-524.
I think we just hit the mother load, Diane.
Yeah.
Car takes the part.
Get away from Giles.
Car centered it.
Car.
Two nothing Coral.
Car.
It's true.
It's true.
I had a boy, Bobby.
You tell him, by the way, paint your ball spot.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249-463-1 on the green line.
We're going to be hockey intensive right in the middle of July,
while all you nose pickers talk to Dolphin football.
Hey, mad dog.
Let's talk some football.
Yeah, right.
Go squeeze your pigskin, OK?
It's 100 degrees in the shade.
Even the frogs are croaking from it.
And these people want to talk football.
Let's not talk.
Oh, what show did I see?
They have a...
Oh, it's on...
I think it's on SBK in Boston on the satellite,
although it may be on one of the other sports stations.
They have a segment at the end of the show every night.
It's called Sports...
Oh, no, it's right here.
It's Channel 6.
I think Steve Shapiro does it.
It's called Sports Jail.
And at the end of his sports cast every night,
he goes through all of these stories about all the guys
with the drugs in this one.
I'm sure Brian Blades made the highlights on that.
And it's great.
Because basically, there is almost no more sports anymore.
We just got a bunch of lawyers and a bunch of litigation,
a bunch of drug addicts and murderers,
and everybody going to RAS to jail.
That's what Sports is all about now.
Nice going, Stevie, a good Jewish guy like you,
hiring a guy like Joe Zagaki with those eyebrows.
Boy, you must be desperate over there.
1235 at WIOD-9.
610, WIOD.
Attention all politicians.
We know what's right, and you don't.
W-A-Y-N-E-S-U-C-K-S.
Yes!
Yes!
It's about time we agreed on something 21-1 at WIOD.
A manage was staying on the other night.
The wing is the biggest turd that ever came down to Pike.
And for once, he finally put his finger on it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
When is...
When is Tardis?
Yes, New Daniel.
Yes, sir. Good day.
I just wanted to call the community of the big thumbs up there on the Brian Blades situation.
Yeah.
I tell you, Friday, you didn't have to jumpstart me.
Friday, you sure got me going on that issue.
Better late than never, okay?
And all of these people thought that I was overreacting and jeez,
they wanted to just leave it alone.
I mean, a guy is dead and we're just going to say,
well, you know, the guy was in there alone.
There was a big argument going on.
It was his gun.
There was not one shot but two.
I mean, you know, one shot could be an accident,
but two, it sounds funny, a little strange.
Two is the clincher that you got to do a little bit more examination, I think.
Especially when the first one was like from four inches away from his chin.
And I mean, it was really, too, the shocker today and how he really even,
not only did he wait another week, he slipped out of town really quick to get up there to see Adam.
No, the fact that they allowed him to slip out of town early,
so he could just kind of be vague, you know,
and of course, hope that he would come back, which I guess he's going to, I guess.
You can't fault his attorney for having him not talk to the police.
No.
Doing his job.
The big thing is that you think he want to clear the air, because it's really real.
Yeah, but when you look at Drew Rosenhouse, though,
it just does make you want to throw up, though, doesn't it?
Oh, I didn't really listen.
If I were him and was watching OJ Daily, I think I would have a little bit of a EBGB myself.
Yeah.
I mean, he looks like a EBGB.
And of course, you know, the family is not going to be the one that's want to turn him in.
And it's the thing is, does it, uh, yeah.
It's that old money tree we were talking about yesterday.
Yeah, they defend the breadwinner.
Right.
And as far as Wayne goes on that issue, I've never met the man, but the people that have met him that I know,
his eyes are just steely cold.
Yeah.
And I think that he called fish.
Yeah, he really, he just doesn't really want to do what the town wants.
He wants to just take over everything and then make the money on it.
Yeah.
This is the name Heinrich Himmler come to mind.
You know, this guy just wants us to go step in line and, you know, he's going to make all the decisions.
And we're going to just be obedient lackeys.
That's all he wants.
Oh, you always got to be a little suspicious when you have any situation where one man is controlling,
oh, your franchise is in here.
You're at the behest of just one individual.
It's going to be a little bit difficult.
There's nothing worse than a dictator.
I'll say that right now.
Have a great day, pal.
I'll take you.
Open line and date 7519463.
Let's say Vatican, Catholic faith and life sought from workers.
Here's the fact somebody sent me.
It says workers who get their paychecks from the Vatican are also getting some advice.
Follow the church's moral codes or place your job at risk.
Father, oh, two God.
That means abortions and divorce could be considered grounds for dismissal for Vatican cities.
2000 lay workers, including secretaries and custodians.
Father, oh, two God.
The rules which insist on adherence to the Catholic faith and life are expected to take effect.
October 1 in the Vatican.
Union leaders have taken a decidedly secular approach to the announcement, hiring a lawyer
to examine the legality of the changes.
And wanting to find out that if this also includes the altering of boys by the cardinals and the blue jays.
1242 at WIOD.
Let's do Oakland Park.
Hello.
Oakland Park.
Long gone.
Too bad.
They're lost.
Here's the plantations also going on a purple line.
You know, if you're going to be in that much of a big hurry, if you got something really exciting going on in your life out there,
just save the call.
Okay.
Go do yourself a favor.
Do something worthwhile.
Like maybe a lobotomy might help.
Here's Boker.
Hello.
What is it?
Oh, you guys are belly aching about high zinger.
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
We're full.
Yeah, man.
Grow up.
Okay.
Grow at least one testicle and call us back when it descends.
Okay.
My gilding friend.
We have an open line on the purple line at pound IOD.
Okay.
We're not talking a little pucky kids, okay, with no balls.
We got enough adults with that problem in this town.
Here is Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
As a guy, man.
Okay, man.
Listen, I wonder if you could preface my call.
Could you play that Wayne Curt of him winding?
How about the thing?
You mean before you start with your material?
Yeah, yeah.
If that's all right.
And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down.
If Broward County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility,
I will not play here.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying, here's a guy that said one thing
and went out and did something else.
Yeah, like I'm not interested in buying these all things and then he did.
I'm not interested in buying your Robbie Stadium and then he did.
I'm not interested in buying the arena and then he did.
Right.
He would never do anything like that.
Does this sound like somebody who is who is used to talking down to people in a spoiled rotten beyond belief?
Like Ross Piro, that's all I saw.
Did you ever see him and Ross Piro together?
No.
I think he is Ross Piro with an ear job.
You know, it's sickening.
It's like that one guy that won't call you for me.
He could own the whole damn planet and he'll be pissed off because he couldn't own out or space.
Right, exactly.
You got it.
How much is enough?
Yeah.
What more do you need?
I think that we ought to have a petition and that the people in this community should say,
take your 800 million or whatever you got, take your billion dollars and pack it up and get your ass out of here.
Take all your garbage and leave us alone.
You're not this worse than somebody that whines and whines and has more money than God.
Right.
And also keeps jacking up the prices.
I guess he forgot about that too.
I mean, I'm in a business where I deal with people that have a lot of money.
It never seems to be too amazing.
I'll be sitting in a millionaire's home and the guy will be bitching about the price or saying,
I don't know if I can afford it.
I mean, it cracks me up.
Yeah.
And it's all on the same line.
It's just sickening, man.
Well, anybody who defends him at this point is a walking turd.
I mean, the guy obviously has absolutely nothing to do with anybody.
He only cares about it himself.
He just spews off at the mouth, kind of like Ross P.
Right.
It's the same thing.
Doesn't care what you think.
You know, I'm playing an arrogant little trick.
That's right.
The other thing was with the Brian Blades.
Yes.
Now, there's no way I can prep.
I don't know how this, this isn't meant to be sound racist because it's going to have to do with color.
But doesn't it seem weird how you get these top level athletes who are basically just the shuttle through college everything,
just to play the sports, and then all of a sudden they have all this money.
And they're just going out of control.
Yeah.
Can't imagine why.
Yeah.
I wonder why that is because they're not being taught anything more than to rape and do what they want.
Maybe he didn't spend enough time at Luther Campbell's club.
Maybe that was the problem at UM.
I don't know.
I mean, you know, there's many athletes out there who are actually educated in there.
And they speak.
They sometimes have intelligence when they speak.
And all colors.
Yeah, maybe 10 or 20.
Yeah, exactly.
But I mean, when you talk about a system that basically, what is college football there for?
So, therefore, for people that's right, hell no, it's there to make money, man.
Minor leagues, big business, big body.
They're to make money.
You got it.
And the only other thing you're saying about the steroids and the aggression and everything.
Yeah.
Well, I've read a lot about that and that's really subjective because I think you have to have a propensity to be aggressive.
Because steroids do make you aggressive.
But I think there's a difference between use and abuse.
And if you really want to distill it down, is why is it that a guy can go to a doctor and say,
Dr, I want you to cut my penis off.
And I want you to give me femal hormones and give me estrogen and make me a woman.
Yeah.
And you can do that.
Why can't you go to a doctor and say, look, I want to be a bodybuilder.
I want to get it down.
I want to have a tremendous amount of muscle.
How come you can't prescribe male hormones?
You know, which is a big difference.
Yeah, but there's a big difference, though.
I mean, male hormones are tremendously dangerous.
Very dangerous.
I think having somebody cut their penis off and taking a feel hormone.
You know, I may be a little bizarre, but there's nothing necessarily dangerous about it.
I think also, though, you're buying it to that stigma and many doctors like it too,
because you're seeing so many uses for steroids, and I mean to prolong AIDS patients
because it really boosts their immune system.
Yeah.
And like I said, their immune system, yeah.
Yeah, immune system.
Well, I guess there's a difference to me between use and abuse, and I've read about it.
But I'm not saying this has anything to do with it, because people react differently to everything.
But I'm glad to see, at least you had the balls enough to bitch you by,
because it was ridiculous.
I'm like, will you get away murdering somebody and just go, hey, with an action,
I'll talk to you later.
Yeah.
And the majority of the people this time, they were willing to sit back on their ass,
like I was getting carried away about much.
And most of the media were about three or three exceptions to this down to the same thing.
And now all of a, you notice all of a sudden when the police said that they were putting out the warrant for his arrest,
now all of a sudden man channel seven, all the other hysterical news peddlers in this town,
they're going apeshot over it.
You notice that?
Yeah.
Same people who lost their tongue about it for like several days there, like it wasn't even a story.
Now they're just squeezing it.
Well, I don't know man, but at least bring the truth to the service I guess for us.
Two shots at you free.
Exactly.
Later.
See you, Pa.
Your tooth she'll set you free.
That's what he said.
We have an open line in Broward 5249463, 524WIOD.
And like I said, I'm getting real sick and tired of all these apologists out there,
all these excuse makers, all these winers, everything is racist, everything is a setup,
everything is a setup, everything stop making people dead.
Okay, that's a real good start.
Stop killing people.
Stop shooting people.
Stop stabbing people.
Stop with all the heavy drugs.
Stop this being a goddamn barbaric society.
And then maybe we might learn something.
Okay, of course, maybe if we learned something in the first place, we wouldn't be doing all these things.
It's like a chicken and a leg.
Which one to eat first?
I guess it depends if you're in highly or a sweet water.
1248 or little Haiti.
1248 at WIOD.
Harness Racing fans.
It's going to be another big weekend of exciting Harness Racing action at Pompadot Park.
Friday night, you guessed it, it's family night at Pompadot Park with 50 cent beers, hot dogs, and sodas, all night long.
And Friday night's feature races will be the second leg of the Gator Pace for two-year-old cults,
and the seminal pace for two-year-old fillies.
You can also meet some of the drivers, talk to them, ask them some very mild questions, or they get very upset.
So bring the whole family out to Pompadot Park for a great night of fun and excitement.
And don't forget this Saturday morning, Pompadot Park is going to have another open fans forum.
You're invited to learn more about the exciting sport of Harness Racing.
You can go out down to the track and even jog a horse.
So bring the kids, get a close-up, look at what the sports all about, and of course it's absolutely free.
And then Saturday night, in addition to the full-night of great per-mutual racing, a lucky Pompadot Fandall win a grand in cash.
Nothing to buy, nothing to do, I do.
Just fill out the entry blank, drop your name in the box if they yank yours out, and your name too.
They pop a thousand bucks into your fed-ass.
Be sure to join the fun and excitement at Pompadot Park now racing every Monday, Friday and Saturday.
Post time, 730.
Some radio stations in South Florida are trying to convince you that they're the experts when it comes to covering storms and hurricanes.
They think if they hook up with a TV station, you'll think they're better.
Some stations think this way, but not all.
This is the time to consider what your plans are and make sure you know what you're going to do if your area is threatened by a hurricane.
At 610 WIOD, we don't have a TV station to look up with.
Because we don't need one.
We're the one who got you through Andrew, and we'll get you through any storm.
The best news and the best weather. News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
610 WIOD, making more than just your radio-fibrate.
Thanks forever to get that taste and smell out of your system.
610 WIOD.
610 WIOD.
What's the matter with Les being golfers can't you tell we really love hitting balls?
610 WIOD.
The only thing that separates us from the men is the country club's bathroom stalls.
610 WIOD.
I let my girlfriend go to the academy.
She's the friend I'm the rich.
She calls me daddy.
Must die that 5-tuney taco.
All right, it's still late. It's golf too late.
My favorite holder doesn't have any number.
A green or a fairway.
No, quit me because I'm a snapper, lapper.
I play golf and I'm gay.
I make me tea time, got caught in the clubhouse.
Let me golf is the only time with the girls.
I'm gay, let's play LBGA still ladies golf to me.
And right is this greyish chipset.
All my face is still ladies golf to me.
You know, I'm gonna tell you something about the WIOD sales department.
You could be the dumbest bunch of mothers I have ever seen in my life.
Their idea, I don't want to mention Pat Mullin again by name, but he's turned out to be.
You notice yesterday when you were putting the water in my car right away,
he started hawking me a china again about where's the other Corvette and when am I gonna bring it in,
because he wants that guy to pock you around with that filter,
which is never ever gonna happen.
I'm not letting strangers dittle around with the inside of my car much less the outside, okay?
And he just doesn't get it.
And so I was talking about this the other day,
so why not repeat, they'll give you an update about the copy situation for our fine accounts
who spend their hard earned money on this radio station.
And so the solution to the problem, Pat Mullin, was to take the same piece of copy
for the exact account that I talked to you about, which I just checked out,
which I'm not gonna mention on a year, because it's too embarrassing.
Re-type it on another sheet of paper on a different typewriter,
which I thought we didn't have no typewriters anymore,
and put a different date on it.
All right!
Let's hear it for the WIOD sales holes, man.
Remember that long list we gave in the other day?
Sales people are assholes.
Nothing. Zipity doodah.
The same tired old dread my god, the paper is getting yellow in here.
Some of this stuff's been in here so long.
We have an open line in the yellow lines, a matter of fact,
and it's starting to get purple.
It's been open so long.
7519463.
Here's the mobile in Oakland Park. Hello?
All right, Dale. Yes, sir.
How you doing? I'm doing great.
You are the thing going in this town.
Anything going on in this town is you.
That's for god damn sure. Make no mistake about that.
I'm a long time list there, but I have something to say.
And if these people don't treat me right, I'm taking my hockey puck and sticking it somewhere.
Somewhere, yeah. Up my ass, right.
All right, sounds good.
Listen, I talk about that football player, right?
Let me just tell you what happens to football players at.
The one that's free.
I mean, for killing somebody, it's walking the street.
Brian Blades. Yeah.
Benny Blades.
Yeah.
Gabe Blades, yeah.
I was in a hostel bed after having a neck operation.
And they come there and yanked me out on a 10-year-old murder charge just to get them to take my blood.
And it cleared me.
Yeah.
And they took me and put me in jail 57 days for a 10-year-old charge.
You murdered a 10-year-old?
10-year-old.
Yeah. Was it a boy or a girl?
It was a woman.
Oh, a 10-year-old woman, huh?
No, no, no, the 10.
Here's the guy murdered a 10-year-old girl.
They would leave him alone in the hospital.
I think that some guy, damn nerve they had not leaving your ass alone.
Trace the call.
We have an open line in Broward, 524-WIOD.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Who are you?
Okay.
Hey, what's that thing with the main hypinger?
What do you mean, what's that thing?
What that means?
He got unhappy.
He started crying because Broward wouldn't build a stadium.
That's right.
Oh, and now he would even play there.
He's pissed off.
And he don't care now.
What kind of deal Broward offers at this point?
He ain't never changing his mind.
He ain't going to play there.
He is not going to play there.
I like your idea.
I think we should all have a big petition just get the WIOD van somewhere.
I think what we ought to do is take him, tie him up, put him on a guy named Greyhound Bus with a stale salami sandwich, and get his ass out of here.
Goodbye, Wayne.
Show a few sticks of dynamite up his ass, too.
Okay.
That's a good idea.
That's what you said.
That's a great idea.
Okay, pal.
Good luck to you.
That was probably Dean Jordan, okay?
A little O'shaan provocateur.
Now they're threatening Wayne, that's bad.
Of course, that wouldn't be so bad because it seems to me.
I remember that article in South Florida magazine that that guy wrote.
And right away he started getting all kinds of threats because they didn't like the quiz asking too many questions.
Yeah.
Wasn't that a shame?
Open line, indeed.
751.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I teach corporate law at University of Miami.
I got a little information about high-singer, but I want to ask you something about that petition phone show.
Is it very formula for the amount of time that that girl gives the call and number?
Yeah.
Yeah, she has like a little egg timer here, 20 seconds.
That's it.
All right.
The same one her husband uses when they're home at night in bed, 20 seconds.
I hear you.
Well, anyhow.
That's why she needs that pocket rocket at all times.
What is going to come to light here before the first of the year in Dayton, for hours in the county?
Is that a bull shot has got a short life.
And Janet Reno's office has been put in an untenable position where they're going to have to pursue the paper trail that Mr. Heisinga has left.
And you'll see it hit the headlines here long before January.
Really?
Yes, indeed.
That Mr. Heisinga has, you know, he talks out of the same both sides of his mouth.
I was asked, yeah.
Just like a gentleman by the name of Adolf Bitt, both sides of his mouth, he made promises that he wasn't conquering the next country and the next and the next.
And what will come to light here?
Mr. Heisinga is not anywhere near as smart as he thinks he is.
And Janet Reno, she does not want to pursue this paper trail, but she's already been put in a position.
It hasn't come to light yet.
But she's been put in a position where she's going to have to follow through on what this grace for a man.
This ad excuse for a human being.
It certainly is.
And you'll just keep on keeping it.
You know what they say?
Dust to dust garbage to garbage.
Is that how it?
I'll fly you on me.
Exactly.
Thank you.
Have a great life, Bob.
So yeah.
How do you like that?
He's picking on a family again.
It sounds like to me.
It sounds like he's got his nose out of joint.
All right.
Did you work?
I checked it out.
Went it down.
Check it out.
Yeah, that figure on the side of his nose.
Or maybe the figure was inside of the nose.
Is that possible?
Searching for gay to grey matter up there.
Oh!
What we got here is a license to communicate.
News talk an entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Dale God.
And you and every player in a uniform should line up and kiss his eyes.
News talk an entertainment radio.
610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Oh!
To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD in date.
524 WIOD in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code.
It's toll free.
1-800-944 WIOD.
And so you know, one customer's can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show.
A news talk an entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
And so on to two hours.
Are you?
And the wings say it's long hair here and people need an out of life.
While I suck my food to the bone or my coat when tear is an acid car's life.
And say if you look like a white, this is young man in that home zoo.
And I hope to keep my jacket in the house and I can't kill I say I'm a fool.
Signs, signs, when you're not doing a sign.
Find a possibility for a red in my mind.
Do this stuff to let me hide in the signs.
And the wings say it all press hovers.
Will the fire on sight?
While I jump to the pen round, I'm feeling the shout it.
When you really fight, hold your foot up for the fans to keep who love.
All the key clone is grinning.
And a new, a new, bloody timeful face.
And say man is something I have full.
Signs, signs, when you're not doing a sign.
Find a possibility for a red in my mind.
Do this stuff to let me hide in the signs.
Oh, and now this stuff can't you read?
You can't hold your will of people to read.
You should talk in the time as you.
What?
Are you sure?
And the wings says you got the halimelative cause and ran up the area.
I know I already have.
I hope you do this soon.
And the wings did never bother me.
I'm in watch my team play.
I'm sorry boy, you suck me.
Now I don't have a pen, baby.
But I got my whole free will.
Can I make my whole boy come?
You won't see it load down to me.
Get out to see pieces of shine.
Signs, signs, when you're not doing a sign.
Find a possibility for a red in my mind.
When you piece of shine, you'll be the light.
The real question is, what locker room shower are you going to most likely be at?
Which one would you like me to be at?
Have you been in the shower at the panthers?
Those are real men.
Okay, so I guess when we lose the panthers, no more real men for a man to soak up and suds down with.
Is that the way it is?
I'm going to be at the panthers, suds up.
109 at WIOD.
We have an open line in the green line.
Two of them, of course, in the big wide open spaces up there.
A hockey team in Palm Beach County.
Can you see that?
An NHL team?
We're not talking about that little nickel and dime-make belief team.
You guys got up there and purple palace.
That seats about 5,000 red necks.
We're talking about a real team, almost real.
Forget it.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Okay, sir.
All right.
I don't know if you'll remember me, but I called you about this Brian Blades thing a couple of days ago.
Yeah.
And I was speaking.
I think one of my last points was that nobody said anything for 14 days, but as soon as they brushed this guy,
that the news media is going to go crazy.
Right.
Well, at noon time, I was watching Channel 7.
And there's, I don't know what the girl's name is on there, but she said,
here's Shepard Smith, who's been on top of it since the beginning.
And it was kind of funny.
Yeah, he's on top of it from the beginning.
That's what Jay Hyder told me.
Yeah.
Anyway, it was very humorous and I had to turn it off right away.
But the other thing is, can I say a word that's not you don't like?
Meaning what?
Tank Goldberg.
Yeah, that sounds like two words.
I can't wait for his show because I can see him defending all these people going to be calling in about Wayne.
Oh, yeah.
What that be interesting.
Oh, man.
Well, you know, Chris, you know what he'll say?
We don't want to talk about that because it's a hockey thing and hockey is an instant tune out.
Nobody cares about hockey.
That's what fat hand called.
I hope he's got a whole set of knives because he's going to have to be doing a whole lot of that,
whatever he does there on that show.
Yeah, whatever it is he does.
Okay, pal.
Wait a minute.
Yeah, he closes.
Now, hang on.
I can't tell the difference between the soccer and hockey announcers.
Yeah.
And other things, can I say one more thing?
No.
We have an open line in Broward 5249 463 524.
Is this guy kidding or what?
Okay.
There's a man with a real personality and we're going to set out a search party and see where he left it.
It's 12 past 1 at WIO decent.
WIO D our mad dog doesn't come in a bottle.
Okay, 115 at WIO D.
The coach is pretty upset about that.
Coach is really upset about the fact that Shula doesn't come and see him too often.
And that what he said.
Don Shula.
I have.
We have an open line, a pair of him on those green lines that's in Palm Beach County.
Now, we have toll free 800 lines that we put in specifically before the passion bitch came along.
The masturbation lady before she came to the station.
We had these green lines we put in for Palm Beach because they're cheap basically and most of them don't earn very much anyway for like picking grapes.
And you ought to see where they're picking them out of by the way.
And so we pay for those lines, but of course they won't call like even in Bokka where they supposedly have a few bucks where their shot don't stink.
1-800-944-9463.
And of course they have no opinion on it.
You know, here the guy is saying he's going to talk to Palm Beach County about moving the panthers there and we'll look out
and we'll see if they can get any building in arena.
Now, wouldn't you think if this was like a real place that there'd be people up there calling and saying, all right, we got just anything.
Instead of some those pick and 10 year old Neanderthal from Tampa calling, oh you guys are going to lose your hockey, do you?
Yeah.
Talking about picking seeds out of somewhere.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Coral Springs.
I like the sound of that too when you're here at back a second time.
Coral Springs in the phone.
They just thought they got that phone on their seat right between their legs.
Keep your hands on it.
Here's a lady in sunrise.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes ma'am.
Listen, I just wanted to ask you something about the Atkins diet.
I just started on Monday.
Yeah.
And I just, I don't know, I've been feeling kind of weird since I started it.
Well, today is Wednesday.
For the first couple of day, you got the book?
Yeah, I have the book and I pretty much read the whole thing.
Right.
First two or three days, your body is making a lot of dramatic changes.
Right.
You feel a little bit like maybe light head, a little head achy.
That's sort of to be expected.
No problem.
Oh, okay.
So then after the 14 days, then you can pretty much go into your maintaining stage.
Into your maintaining?
To where you like...
Well, how much you have to lose?
I probably want to lose about 20 pounds.
Well, you're not going to lose that in 14 days.
No, I know.
But I mean, how do you...
You go into your owl or ongoing weight loss.
The main maintenance is after you get to, you're putting the card ahead of the ass.
Yeah, I know.
That's when you've lost all the weight that you need to lose.
You get to your maintenance.
But the OWL, the ongoing weight loss, that's after the first 14 days.
Okay, so how have you been doing on a good?
I'm doing fine.
Oh, good.
All right, well, thank you.
Okay, good luck.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
It's right there in the book.
We have an open line of power at 5249463 and one on the green line.
Pop Beach, like I said, we pay for it, old buddy.
And we're going to give a billion dollars in cash.
Not to the first person in pop beach who calls and says,
Hallelujah, baby, there's life in pop beach, which we know as a goddamn lie.
1-800-944-Puck-Myster in pop beach.
Why do I even...
Why do I...
See, I don't understand why I do that.
What's the point?
I don't want to talk to them in the first place.
Why do I do that?
Because I always wind up with what I deserve.
Here's the mobile in pop beach garden.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
No, listen, there's no way pop beach cana is going to come up the books for...
For Wayne's palace.
That's why, just like there's no way that Nashville is going to support a hockey team.
In fact, CBC during the playoffs, they interviewed all those nose pickers in Nashville.
And everyone of them said, oh, we don't want no hockey team.
We don't know nothing about it.
Yeah, all right.
That's what they said.
Yeah.
They're coming all those way next to you.
We don't have enough money to do anything up here.
Much less bill of hockey, arena for Wayne.
Unless it's to build another geriatric center.
Yeah, we could use another citri village.
There you go.
You sure could fill up fast.
They're overflowing now.
Or maybe a little nose picking palace on the side.
Yeah, well, it's going to say this isn't nose picker from pop.
Yeah.
But you know, when you compare...
Maybe you know the clan meet and join right next to Denny's.
Oh, no.
Now, when you compare us, those pickers to the nose pickers and Davey.
Now, that gives us a bad name.
Well, that's true.
That's true.
Davey's in a class by themselves.
Well, because when the horses have been acted up lately.
When we pick up here, we get them bigger than they do down there.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay, pal.
Keep your finger on it.
Okay, fine.
Okay, good buddy.
There we go.
And those picker were way too afraid to admit it.
Okay, he's picking seeds right out of his nostril.
Or somewhere that... where is his nostril?
We have an open line in Broward, 5249-463524WID.
Here is the moral gable.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how you doing, brother?
I'm doing okay, brother.
It's almost two o'clock.
It's almost time to blow this joint.
I hear you.
It's a long time listener.
I guess first time callers.
Yes.
And I do a lot of traveling around the US, unfortunately.
And I have to admit to you, nobody compares to Old Uncle Neely.
I agree with that.
You are the best, my man.
Oh, god.
I'm doing good for this time.
You know, I'm going to start pulling away in Heisenga Act.
If they want this show, they're going to have to start paying for it.
I don't know what's the big deal with how...
And by the end of the week, I'll have like about two cents in my pocket.
I tell you, I don't know what's the big deal with Howard Stern.
He blows, man.
Well, he's not exactly kicking ass in this town.
He's doing okay, but he sure, you know, life goes on.
And everybody else seems to be doing just fine.
He just bonotonous.
He's been on for almost a year here in spite of all the predictions of doom and gloom
by all those special interests like David Ross over there.
And like Debbie Wilker, who sits on his lap and in his orifice,
it's better of all their predictions.
We're doing just great.
Better than ever.
I like to close it with one thing.
Okay.
Neely, do it as a puppy.
Okay.
Oster came over here.
Get out of here.
What do you say he's doing, puppy seeds?
We have two open lines in a day.
It's 751.
What are you laughing about?
It wasn't that funny.
I didn't think.
Do I have to be some kind of a specter?
Really get the full essence of it?
To smell it the way it came out?
751, 9463.
By the way, that Pat Mullin, man, I want to pay special tribute to him for just a moment or two now if I can.
I don't want to get carried away.
But sometimes my judgment isn't exactly on target.
Like when he first came here, I don't know what it is because he kind of looked like.
You know, a schlumpy like a regular guy.
Didn't have really big ears.
Didn't weigh 600 pounds.
I thought, here's the guy.
He could be a sales guy.
You know, he seems to actually listen to the show.
And now I realize he's a real asshole.
The ideal place to find the accessories you want for your truck is ideal automotive truck and accessories.
Ideal automotive and truck, let me say it again.
Ideal has the largest, the most complete line of automotive and truck accessories.
They'll beat anybody's deal on bedliners.
They got over 200 in stock.
I thought it was 2000 in stock.
He re-typed the same copy, but he got all the, he got everything wrong.
Can we get a net?
Get a net on the phone right now.
Okay, our nice copy later on.
I love a net.
I don't want to have to, you heard it take a lot of grief because she's a sweetheart and she really looks great.
But this is unacceptable, okay?
Pat Mullin, you are the biggest flamer I have ever seen in my life.
You are so humanly unacceptable.
There are no turret words to describe it.
And the best part of it is they start those bedliners and just 169.95 installed at ideal.
Ideal automotive has toppers for trucks, toolboxes, sliding rear windows, running boards and much more.
Oh, toppers for trucks, that's what he put in here.
Are you letting the salespeople right their own copy now?
Is that what you're doing, sweetheart?
Not acceptable for bitten by, you know, you're, you're smiling.
It's not acceptable.
What does she say?
I'll explain it to her.
Yeah, explain it to her.
Oh, look at that.
He's showing it to her.
Ideal has a 30,000 square foot warehouse, a showroom stock with everything at wholesale prices.
I apologize to our friends at Ideal because Pat Mullin is a walking butt plug.
There are visors for full or many trucks painted a match and installed.
Rear spoilers for most cars, bug shields and bras in the hottest styles and best prices, bug shields and bras.
Ideal is where you buy direct.
Some other things, he threw a couple of silly words in here and this is my new piece of copy.
Ideal is where you buy direct from the guys who supply the dealers at wholesale prices and nobody beats their prices or selection.
Find out for yourself by calling 1-800-621-6464.
1-800-621-6464 or come by and see him in person and complain like hell about Pat Mullin.
Tell him that he ought to run him over in a semi.
7-10 Northwest 57th place in Fort Lauderdale.
Ideal automotive and truck accessories and like that guy said on that Robert Stack thing, I apologize.
I've got a little bit of a cylinder.
I can't try it again, trade in.
You're doing good.
I've got a little bit of a cylinder.
You know, I was down there.
So even though we gave you 50 shots and Nova came to the mouth, you can't do a Phil Hendry show promo, can you?
No, it's very fun. Try it again.
I got a little bit of a cylinder.
See, you can't do a Phil Hendry show promo with 50 shots and Nova came.
Phil Hendry show 2-6 in the afternoon, Monday through Friday on 6-10 W-I-O-D.
Can you say W-I-O-D?
No, I can't do it.
No, no.
6-10 W-I-O-D.
Making all your blood rustier, tingly-fars.
Oh, come here.
Who's on the radio content to do?
Loud mouthpiece of atheistic truth.
Hot side of white alarm was every day.
That's with the miracle of being gay.
Oh!
The world's greatest promo is not that ballet.
Hacking baits fate, measure it up a big way.
The world's greatest promo is not that ballet.
Hacking baits fate, measure it up a big way.
Just liquor.
Hot top meal.
126 at W-I-O-D, the home of absolute and utter incompetence and indifference.
This is seriously this for a market of this size.
And for an operation for a company of this size and with their resources.
We've got three radio stations right up and down the hall here.
We've got Hot 105 for the moment.
We've got the coast next door, a planter slush, and we've got I-O-D.
Three major market, big ass kicking radio stations, highly rated on the same level here.
We don't have a person who writes continuity.
I have never, with all the riffraff, with all the drifters that we have in here,
with all the people with their titles, not to mention Sarah,
with all the useless bodies we have floating around in this place,
who kind of float in and out until pay day when they come here and make damn sure
they stick around and look at a paycheck whether they earned it or not.
And we don't have a person whose real assignment specifically is to write continuity.
And so we have the poor production guys who have no, I mean, this shouldn't even be a concern of theirs.
In any way, shape or form, nor are they even remotely qualified to do it.
That's number one.
And number two, we've got poor and Ed who down there is like a paper pusher
and a tape pusher pushes tapes from agencies around, from one place to another.
And that's it. And then sits in the middle of a bunch about a dozen asshole salespeople
trying to find out what else is going on.
And they just can't figure it out.
It's the same discussion day after day, week after week, month after month, year after year.
I've been here almost seven years. It has never changed.
It's never been any better. It's never been any worse.
It's never been any different because they just in spite of all the bull crap from this general manager,
we're going to super service our clients and our listers.
What we do is super bull crap. That's what we do.
It is super bull crap. I'm so embarrassed and humiliated.
Like that last spot, this guy, we should send him $500 cash in an envelope
and apologize for the fact that we really don't want to do a job for him.
Why do we have any business on here at all?
When we really aren't here, like I've said before, just send us some money.
That's what we ought to be.
We ought to turn all three radio stations into like a paid religion.
Just send us some money. We'll give you an 800 number to call.
We'll give you an address, a PO box. Just send us some money.
Because there's too much, like Jeff Clark told me in a hall that one day when he was out of his mind about a year and a half ago,
there's too much work involved in servicing these accounts and they're going,
it's too much work.
A lot of the salespeople, they just want to sit on the phone and take orders.
They just glorified order takers.
Or is it undertakers? They're killing me.
And for the life of me, in Albion, Michigan, at WALM, like 30 some years ago,
we had somebody who wrote copy.
It's like one of the most basic, it's like, you know, it's like, whatever the business is,
there are certain basic things, basic elements that you can't do without.
You know, you have like in radio, you've got an engineer, you've got your on-the-air people,
you have your production people, you've got an manager, a program director, a couple of salespeople,
and a person in traffic that makes up the program log and gets the spots on, hopefully,
and a person who writes copy.
Those right there, that's it.
All the other window dressing, all the other bull crap, all the bodies running around in the building,
sucking each other's ass, that's bull crap.
And like I've said before, an eight billion dollar company,
and you try to tell them something, they know it all, man.
You can't tell them nothing because they know it all.
They got the answers. They're smart, they made all this money.
And you know something, I don't think they did make all this money.
I think the sisters got it somewhere, like maybe inherited it or something like that.
I don't know where it came from unless it fell off a tree somewhere.
They did make all this money.
Because they pee away more money in a month than most of us will ever see in a lifetime.
Did I get that out of my system or what?
Johnny Dark is there with a big smile on his pussy?
He knows what I'm talking about.
The most bush league, the most inept,
did you ever work at a radio station you've been all over the place?
What are you laughing about?
Did you ever work at a radio station where they did not have a continuity person?
They wrote copy.
Much less, I said a radio station, not a gas station.
That was Buddy Bud Paxon.
They got three major market radio stations, one right up and down the hall here.
And we aren't going to hire a continuity person because it's just against their goddamn religion.
And so what do we get?
We get swell from salespeople.
Oh, you won't understand, you won't get it.
Okay, no, you will get it.
In fact, you ought to be doing that spot, it's right up your alley.
It's for all your nose pickers out there.
Yeah, that's right up your alley, baby.
Go out and lie in your bedliner.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami, when is this?
When is Todd today's speak now or hold it forever till it turns purple, going once, going twice, up your nose.
Here is for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, sir.
Yes, sir. You are absolutely correct.
Of course.
You know, this is India.
Number one, the demographics in South Florida.
We're the only place where there's enough reconstituted Yankees to fill an arena.
And, you know, I think we ought to just call his bluff and boycott him.
Don't let him pick up her car.
I'm not boycottin' no, let me say something to you about this, okay?
I'm not boycottin' the Panthers.
I love hockey, it's in my blood.
But as far as anything else he has to do with, you see me going to any Marlon games?
No. Am I going to the dolphins this year?
No, I'm not renewing my season tickets, I am not going, I'm not paying a dime.
I'll go to one game and fat-rich paid for the tickets.
I won't spend a dime in their concessions.
And I agree with you.
No more blockbuster, no more Wayne.
Thank you.
Just keep saying that.
The only reason I'm going to the hockey game is it's caused the only game in town.
You know, I can't choose who the owner is.
But as far as any of the other marginal stuff that I don't really care about,
I wouldn't spend a penny that's going in his pocket.
And of course, as far as Southern Sanitation's concerned, he's got me by the short hairs on that one.
I got no choice.
But do you know how much money he's losing up there in that dump, don't you?
That's why the price is everywhere else you're going up.
In what dump?
In the dumpy owned.
He owns the dump out there.
It's up off in North Port Lauderdale.
He owns the dump?
Yeah.
He owns Southern Sanitation.
Well, whatever all I'm trying to say is because he's not losing money on Southern Sar.
Are you kidding me?
No, it's a gold mine.
That's what he made all his money.
If you read an article, it was about two months ago in the paper.
The recycling, we're doing such a good job at it.
Yeah.
They have predicted the losses over the next 10 years in the tens of millions.
Oh, I agree.
Good.
Is going down the toilet because I agree with you.
I've never gone to a football game.
The Marlin, that's it, Joe.
And you got me to a hockey game one time last year.
Love me.
I haven't had the time of my life.
Yeah.
And now he's ruined.
Man, I want to take it away from him.
He gave us something good and he dangled in front of our nose and I was going to take it away.
Now, let me ask you something.
What?
Because you sound like you might know the answer.
I live in Broward.
I got my own home.
Okay.
Do I have to?
Is there a law that I have to have my garbage picked up by Southern Sanitation?
Or could I put it in a friend's pickup truck once a week and hand him unload it somewhere in a dump?
You know, in all honesty, the city works the contract.
If you've got enough people locally to say we don't want them.
If you want another company or make up your own, you could do it.
Because you can take it to...
But I'm just talking about as one person for starters who doesn't want to subsidize Wayne.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I want to find the answer to that.
That would be good because this creep is...
Because there's plenty of dumpsters to dump you.
I mean, I just got one house.
I've only got three or four bags twice a week.
I don't know.
He's a king.
Him to build him this arena that he wants.
I don't understand his thinking.
I mean...
No, it's not a question of thinking.
It's just his character.
That's the nature of the man.
He's a greedy, miserable, nasty, arrogant, and curious son of a bitch.
That's him.
He's been in fact a Germany.
Okay.
We have two open lines in Dade.
7519 for it.
See, there's another one of those.
You have a call day.
You think you had somebody actually having a discussion who might have an IQ bigger than his shoe size.
And he didn't...
What a jerk.
What a...
You're an asshole, man.
You're a real jackass.
I feel sorry if you have relatives.
Oh, I'm sure they have nothing to do with you.
134 at WIOD.
610.
WIOD.
No facts.
Just our opinions all the time.
You're not a boss, you're a goldberg.
You're not a boss.
Yeah.
138 at WIOD.
Here's a pompano.
Hello.
Yeah, it's kind of funny that you mentioned this because I've been fighting this for the last couple of months and I don't know whether or not I'm going to get anywhere.
I have three or four pieces of property.
Some of it is rental and what have you.
On a particular piece of rental property that I have, it's a fourplex.
My trash, number one, I don't like the way to pick it up.
Number two, I can handle it myself because on another piece of property I have a large dumpster.
Right.
So what I did is I called environmental services, which is handles this along with a lot of other things, water and sewer.
And I told them I want to cancel.
I said I want to cancel.
My pickup.
As far as the trash, I will take care of it.
Right.
They said you can't do that.
I said, well, what do you mean I can't do it?
I don't want your service.
I will take care of it because I happen to have to talk about it.
That would be like calling up the cable company and saying, watch it disconnect the cable.
I don't want to pay for it anymore and they say you can't do that.
Well, ever debtily, it's tied into the fact that you are a property owner.
And if the place is inhabited, then they feel that you must have the surface.
But I'm not done with them yet because I can handle it that at least.
Well, I suppose you want to take it down to the landfill yourself.
There are people that do that that take all kinds of crap down there.
Well, that's very, very true.
And I have been really had a chance to delve into it.
But the first answer I got was no way Jose or anything of that nature.
Jose job.
Huh?
Jose job. It sounds like it.
Well, it is a Jose job.
But I guess they figured that if a lot of people like you and I wanted to bail out
and we were able to take care of the service ourselves, they would be left stranded.
Well, isn't that a shame?
Well, I know that he would talk break.
No, I agree with you.
But if it is tied in to the fact that you are a property owner and that you take on this obligation,
regardless of whether you like it or not, I guess I'm at that.
Yeah, you have a rule in me.
You say obligation.
If you're not leaving garbage out there, if like on Monday and Thursday they pick up my garbage in the acres.
If every Monday and Thursday I take care of it myself or I have somebody else come by and put it in a proper place and not just dump it on the street, I'm taking care of my obligation.
A matter of fact, I told them that I would be making a pickup each and every day.
In other words, the stuff wouldn't be for many in the trash can who would be out of here.
I'd run it out there on a daily basis.
And they said you can't do it.
Well, they said they can't do it.
And I said, well, I'm thinking from two points of view, number one, cost effective because I am in business.
And I mean, I have to make a profit on these properties or there's no sense having them.
So I'm always thinking up ways in which I can save myself a couple of bucks if I have to time.
And hey, no, you can't do it.
You have to have trash.
I said, what do you mean I have to have trash?
And I used the particular situation.
You said, okay, I have to have a phone.
I have to go to the doctor.
I have to buy gas to pay for a place.
As long as you pay your mortgage payments and you maintain the property, that's all there should be any of their business.
Whether you pay anybody to pick up your trash.
Well, I agree with you.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to spend a few bucks.
Call my attorney if I have any legal bailout that I can handle the same.
Because I definitely don't want it.
And the reason I mean, of course you and I don't want it for different reasons.
Well, number one, I'm not happy with the service anyway.
But besides that, I had the facilities that you got to take care of it myself.
So I'm going to find out then.
And I'll let you know.
I don't know whether or not I'm going to prevail.
Okay.
As you know, when you put heads with these guys, a little guy like you and I, what the hell?
We have got a chance.
Well, I'm going to talk to my lawyer about it and find out what the deal is on that.
Well, I'm not going to put one extra penny in that bastard's pocket that I don't have to.
Well, do me a favor.
If you do find out, put it on the air.
Oh, I'll find out.
Okay.
Okay, pal.
Open line in day, seven, five, one.
They got us by the short hairs.
Baby, they got us by the gold ads.
And there's squeeze in real tight.
Okay, pretty soon we're all going to be making that same sound on the end of that Luis Miguel record I played.
Yep.
I'm telling you.
Pretty soon we're out there going to be squeezing us so tight it's all going to be.
Anyway, one forty two.
We're giving it our best shot.
Okay, we're trying to fight the good fight against the millionaires and the millionaires and the grave robbers and all these other slime balls who just want to manipulate and squeeze everything.
Now, just use us like a turn of squeezes dry and then just discard us like a wet sponge.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Get me back.
Let's go to New Orleans.
Oh, not again, not again, not again.
What?
But what?
Are you speaking to me or what?
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah, this is New Orleans.
I hear the radio on in the back and this is New Orleans.
You know, I wasn't born yesterday.
Okay, he's got the radio blasting in the background.
He's in New Orleans.
Good radio, pal.
Let us know where you bought it.
Jackass, punk.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Neil, this isn't what I called about.
Yes.
Talking about paying the garbage fee.
My parents owned an empty lot and West Palm Beach for years.
They had to pay $250 a year to the sanitation company.
For what?
They never would explain that.
But it was.
Well, if there was an empty lot, there wasn't any garbage, right?
Correct.
It was an empty lot.
So in other words, what you're saying is if you own a piece of property, you have to pay for garbage pick-up.
Even if there was any garbage.
This was Palm Beach County, but yeah, they did have to pay that for years.
Boy, and you talk about America, you talk about freedom, you talk about individual liberties.
What kind of crap is that?
They tried to get it off like every year.
Yeah.
And what if you don't pay them?
What if you take care of it yourself and you don't pay them?
What do they do then?
Well, there was never anything to take care of.
No, no, but I'm saying if you have a house, they can live in.
I guess they put a lien on your house.
So that way you can get his little chunk of your ass isn't that nice?
Isn't that beautiful?
Yeah.
I think I'm going to start something on this deal.
I think we're going to delve our nose deeply into this.
What I really call about that was Brian Blades.
Yeah.
If you take his statement on the face of it, he's guilty of manslaughter.
Yeah, I mean, manslaughter is when you're so reckless that somebody can take it.
And that's what they finally decided.
I don't know why it took him so long.
They finally decided that since he was waving a gun around and dittling with his gun
and it was four inches away from his chin and it went off and he wound up being dead
that he was irresponsible, etc.
And the guy's dead and he's got to pay the price for it.
Yeah, I mean, you introduced a gun into the middle of a domestic situation.
Right.
And then it turns out that he was according to the witnesses that he was using the gun
that his cousin was trying to stop him from using the gun to intervene in a squabble
between his brother and his girlfriend, which who knows what he was going to do with the gun in the first place?
Yeah.
Who was he going to shoot with it?
Sounds like me and slaughtered me.
Yep.
Okay.
I know.
See ya.
Bye.
Okay, we'll get to the bottom of this garbage mess if it's the last damn thing.
If we have to all smell it together, we'll get our nose in the bottom of it.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah.
This is Philip Miami.
Yes, sir.
I was calling a couple things.
One, I've been on a diet for about two and a half weeks.
Right.
Lost 12 pounds.
Oh.
Oh.
Great.
Feel better than ever.
Beautiful.
The other thing is that didn't, uh, didn't Wayne say that, uh, Anaheim did it for the docs and it turned out to be such a great thing for them?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, if that's true, why didn't someone in Broward go out and investigate that and find out that, you know, hey, it really would be a good thing for Broward kind of to do this and we'd make tons of money.
But on the flip side of it, if it's so good for Anaheim, why doesn't he do it himself?
If they're making money and do it the same way they did.
Good point.
And does any of you have a management and an entertainment management company that does those types of things that he's trying to force on the homestead racetrack?
Exactly.
Right.
So what's he playing at?
He's playing us for suckers.
That's what he's doing.
He's just begging for money.
Yep.
He wants us to subsidize even as, when he takes a bowel move and he wants us to pay for the paper.
Have a great day, pal.
All right.
So yeah.
Good luck to us all, man.
I'm not subsidizing him any more than I have to.
And like I said, I'm going to bring my own little bottles of water in there to the hockey games and I'm going to do my own little thing and that's it.
Because I'll be God damned if I'm, you know, and like I said, if I were in a big hockey fan, I would just say screw that too.
But if you want to subsidize people who like spit in your face and who carry on like little children and we're supposed to feel sorry because he's only worth a billion dollars.
Yeah, let me, let me say it again.
Let me say it again.
One more time.
He's losing a million a month on the Panthers.
Okay.
He's going to lose 12 million this coming season.
12 million dollars.
Okay.
The figure they keep putting in a paper, he's worth 800 million dollars.
Okay.
At 5% in a past book savings account, 5% of 800 million is what?
40 million?
10% is 80.
What are you shaking your hand about?
Is it that hard, Andy?
Oh, he's shaking his head to get that stuff out of there.
He just came out of Nichols office again.
Yeah.
You better get some on your left ear now.
That dark stuff.
But anyway, 5% of 800 million is 40 million.
Let's face it, nobody's worth a lot of money makes 5% on their money.
If he's making only 10% that's 80 million dollars a year just on interest, just on interest.
Forget about the fact he needs a tax write off for all this other day of money he's making.
Like all that money he made, what was that stock that we're talking about the other day?
Some medical, remember I read that?
About some scientific, some medical stock that he just made a fortune on millions and millions of dollars.
But he ain't telling us about that at the press conference.
All he's doing is a drug testing career.
Yeah, right.
80 million a year and I guarantee you he's making a lot more than 10% on his money.
But just a 10% 80 million a year.
And this guy's widening his losing money on the marlins and on the bathers.
Poor baby.
So can't we come along and can't the taxpayers in the county come up with some way?
And I'm going to tell you guys I'm finished with you guys.
I'm taking my jockstrap and my puck and I'm going someplace else.
You know, some of these little kids in a sandbox who act more mature than he does.
And when and I've told you this many times before I wanted to really let this penetrate your brain if you got one.
This man never made money through public relations.
This man made money through muscling other people out of business.
In the waste management, in the music, in the industry, in the entertainment, in every field he's ever been.
And even talks about he was talking about going into the some other branch of waste management.
That article was just a couple of months ago.
I remember talking about it on the air was in it all your business section of your newspapers.
And about how they're selectively going to go around to different areas and put all the little guys out of business.
And they're going to like must and then of course once they do that like blockbuster, they jack the prices way up.
Once they eliminate all their competition, they screw you right in the back.
So instead of 50 cents or a buck to write a movie for tonight, guess what?
It's three and a half. It's for boxing. If you don't rewind your us 100 bucks, whatever the hell it is, they stick it to you because there's nowhere else to go.
149 at WIOD car.
We know you listen and we've seen your little black book too.
I, Papa Wapalo.
I was watching my TV one day.
Oh, man, came on those two fast told me makes no one the search word firing shots again.
And I said, does anybody really know where positive is?
I know.
I know.
I know.
You know I must apologize.
But I'm not trying to be a wise guy.
Can anybody tell me where I don't bother you?
I don't know.
So how's the theory of cat feel in these days?
155 at WIOD. We'll send Brian over to see him and bring him back.
Let's go to keep his skin on the purple line. Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, ma'am. How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
I can tell because it's almost too exactly.
You know where it's at.
You know where it's at.
It's on.
Right. Listen, I wanted to tell you something about where we used to live.
We had a hockey team.
Yeah.
And it was the old Adams Cup division that used to be like in the Southwest like Dallas and Fort Worth and Tulsa and Phoenix and Amarillo even some of those towns.
And before they just been at the Adams Cup division, we had a farm club for the islanders.
That at first was the reggae and then turned into the islanders.
But the fans bought the team.
Yeah.
And the islanders decided to pull out.
Well, that's you're not going to happen here.
Well, I don't know.
Why wouldn't it?
Because the fans are going to put up 80 or 90 million dollars like the people in Nashville are doing a stick and wings pocket.
Well, I'm not talking about Wayne. He could be out of it.
I mean, we can't.
You don't understand. He already owns it.
That's who do you have to buy it from?
Well, yeah, we have a lot of money.
The minor league team, you probably weren't talking about all that much money.
But you're talking about a national hockey league franchise.
You're talking about they wanted to pay 90 million, I think, to the owner of the Devils to move from New Jersey.
So I'm sure they're willing to pay Wayne probably as much or whatever.
Yeah, I know. Things are different now.
This is like 20 years ago and you could go to the hockey game for $90,000.
You couldn't raise $90,000 here, much less 90 million.
Well, at least it's a thought.
If we got really desperate, we could own our own hockey team.
But see, the difference in the fans and in Wayne is that we're not greedy.
We just want to go watch hockey.
Exactly. We just want to pay.
And of course, he keeps the best part of the deal is I want you to stop and think about the people who are really the loyal fans like yours truly.
And the people that keep spending, you know, they're their every game and they keep spending more and more money.
I mean, in three years, he's jacked at prices up almost double and very few complaints.
I mean, people aren't too happy about it.
But they love the game and they love the team enough.
They're willing to spend the money and now he turns around and spits in your face and keeps making all kinds of threats as if somehow we're responsible for it.
Oh, I know. I know.
And the only way to be happy in that situation is to like get him out of the picture.
Yeah, I agree. I agree.
And if he leaves, that's okay, but send him out of town, send him out a long trip or maybe just that would be good.
That would be good.
Okay. Have a great day. See you.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yes, I'm Neil. Yes, sir.
This is Wayne. Are you upset that I didn't wear a condom last night?
Here's a poppin'o. Hello.
No, Neil. Yes, sir.
I had a similar problem with my trash and I tried to get rid of the service.
Yeah.
So in May, my water bill tripled and I paid it and joined a triple against my way.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Your water bill tripled. What the hell does that mean?
They're both county services. It's both out of the same tax. I think I own my own house.
They're both county services.
Both like they come under your taxes.
No, no, I'm just seeing Proud that it doesn't work that way.
I mean, Proud where I am. You're not in plantation acres.
No, I'm in pompin'o. Yeah.
And my water bill tripled. So I paid it, tripled again in June.
Yeah. So I tried to find out what was going on.
They're sticking it to you.
Right, the center guy out here. Now they shut my water up on Monday.
For what? They want a $90 good face deposit.
Good face of what?
I don't know. They...
Because they're ripping you off and they're rejecting up your water bill.
They want good face on your part.
Right, and I raised this thing about it.
Ah, that's the problem. See, troublemaker now they're going to stick it to you every way they can.
Right. You'll probably find all kinds of dead animals in your septic tank.
Well, I think maybe they're going to try and boot me out of my house
and make it unsanitary conditions because I don't have $320 to turn my water back on right now.
Yeah.
And I have a three-year-old son. I really don't need to get booted out of my house.
Yeah.
So I figured I'd let you know that you're not crazy. They are doing it.
Incredible. Good luck, pal.
Take it easy.
Okay. Nice story.
Here's the lady in the where? Hylia.
This is not Hylia, but it's Miami.
Hylia.
So an Hylia lady in Hylia is, I would swear to God that it says they're right here.
Alright, well anyway.
Yeah.
Just, you know, I'm not defending Wayne because I...
What are not? It's going to be a real short call.
They know only a... Embassy would do that.
No, no, you're right. I'm not an Embassy.
But I do have a question.
Would we have gotten baseball and hockey down here with the other guys?
Let me say this to you, okay?
If we were to know up front that we were going to have a guy like this
who was going to use it as a weapon against us, you see, I just assume it would live without it.
As much as I love it and I've had a good time going into the games,
although a lot of them were coma-inducing, I think a lot of people would agree.
We could live just as well without it.
We lived all these other years without having it here,
and I think we've got to survive without it.
And what this guy is trying to say, we never would have had it without him.
And I say, if we never would have had him in the first place,
we'd be 90 yards ahead of the game and right on the goal line right now.
Give me that bomb.
Sometimes you have to take a risk.
Are you ready?
Roy!
He was talking entertainment radio.
610 W-I-O-D.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
