Hello everybody, I'm Ann Bishop from Channeled and I witness news. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
News talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD in date, 524 WIOD in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free 1-800-944 WIOD and so you know one customer can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD.
Oh Neil, my queen, God.
Now, from the Channeled 10, I witness news.
I guess that's a cue and hey, where's Ann going? What's she doing with that machine gun? Oh my god, quick, quick, stand with the wife.
She was fed up with reading one story after another about drugs and violence.
Now, she wants to write the rules and rewrite the news in and full, starring Ann Bishop.
Don't kill me please.
I'll see you tonight at 5-611. Scott.
And oh, she took the news into her own hands.
What are you guys going to do with me?
When I get through with you, there won't be enough of you left to make a good two pay for Don Noll.
And oh, starring Ann Bishop, also starring Carl Weathers as toy fluttered eels and Don Noll says Don Noll.
There's a stationary fraud over the midway.
And both, she rewrote the news.
And Paul coming soon.
Yeah, she'll be sorely missed, make no mistake about that.
Now, unlike Ralph Redneck and some of the other great newscasters in town, she never had her own editorial comment.
But over the years, make no mistake and sure got in her licks.
It's 10-07 at WIOD. Happy Monday to you on what's going to be it turns out a very short week for us.
How do you like that, George? We like it.
Oh, I don't know if you're saying anything to me about that.
And isn't it interesting that if I wouldn't have been listening this morning, see, I had the other TV disconnected now getting ready to ship out to give away.
And when you got that big XBR, I sure hope suds is in town and listening right now, although I have my doubts.
He probably were in sorry, Sona.
But someplace exciting like that. That's right up his alley when he finds out that I got that Sony XBR in two satellite dishes.
I don't think he'll be able to come back.
So what about those hurricane games? I pick up my paper. This is another example that nobody inside the building tells you anything mostly because there's never anybody in management here anyway.
But so the thing about Friday, there being a UN basketball game at noon with the pregame at 1150 or something like that.
If anybody thinks I'm coming all the way down here to do an hour and a half on here, they're dreaming.
Get the tape out now, junior.
And nobody tells me anything about that. There's no memo. There's no discussion. There's no nothing.
Fine. I just won't be here.
And the second part of the deal is Saturday morning I open up Miami. Here I'll then here's a big thing with Sonny's push on it.
Here's Sonny Hershey into paper.
And the big thing says W.I.N.Z. gets hurricane baseball. They're going audio's buy buy hurricane baseball basketball and football.
Which of course over the years, this has been one of the most stupid deals. And I guess we can play Mike Disney for it because he's a far away.
And the present regime don't want to take any credit for it. Although I think it may have been renewed.
Huh? Maybe not.
But hurricane basketball and baseball. And yes, I did use to do hurricane baseball and had a lot of fun doing it.
But even back in those days when he went to the college world, serious five years in a row and there was no marlins and no anything else.
Although there's no marlins now. But even in those days, the audience for U.M. baseball, you could put in a broom closet and have room for the mascot left over with.
What the hell was his name real quick?
John something or other. But anyway, there was nobody listening then and there's nobody listening now. U.M. basketball where yes, they had a big crowd the other night to watch him lose to Connecticut.
They had 11,000 people. 11,000 people. That's a month's worth for U.M.
And now that they lost another game, it'll be done like 1500 next game. They get flies in there and the arena for that.
So there's 1500 to 3000 people on the inside. How many people possibly could be listening on the outside?
Hurricane sports, marginal at best. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Yeah, thanks a lot. That's a legacy left the station.
So at night, instead of having like weeknights interrupted with these marginal U.M. basketball broadcast that nobody is listening to.
Now we got a chance to have a real number at night. Now if we just had a goddamn show.
At the risk of offending people, I'm going to say something right now.
Okay, and I hope Randy doesn't take this personally. I'm sure she will anyway.
You know, and I love Randy personally, but you know, the thing with the mother and with Jim, it just was a real impediment to her success.
But the bottom line is that since I've been in this market, which is one hell of a long time, this radio station has never had a show on after eight o'clock at night.
That would be interesting enough provocative enough to cause you to turn it on.
And I'm not just saying that out of my ass as somebody who did night times in this market for many, many, many, many years and is delighted not to be doing it anymore, by the way.
But I think I know a little bit about nighttime radio in this town. Night time is generally not the time that living and breathing people are listening to the radio unless they're in the car.
So to get people to make a conscious overt effort at turning on a radio, you got to have something on it that's provocative, that's exciting, that's outrageous, that's crazy, that's something, anything that's irreverent.
We've never had it. We have never had it. Hank, I mean, that was just a professional ass looking show.
And if you're listening to a DFO just now, filling in for Rick and such, which I can understand, if you weren't listening, the big rumor in town is Hank is on his way to WFA in New York, no more hammer on QAM.
How do you like that?
That was fun. He's going to fill a big void mid days on the fan, so they say, and you watch, mark my words in days to come.
He'll start being more and more absent over there and people start, hey, what happened to hammer?
He'll be gigantic in New York. He'll fill both chairs and that in that orifice. He'll fill every seat they can get for him.
So that's going to make for a big void over there. His show here at night was the biggest abortion I ever heard in spite of those butt lacers who write crap into paper about how insightful and what a great show I was in the great interviewer.
I see that he wanted to be the next Larry King and I'll be God damn the son of the fat top of the lard is going to do it. You can just smell of comment.
So we've solved one problem. We got rid of that crap and now buddy Bud Paxon who has to buy this is what a great radio guy he is.
He has to buy a second radio station in order to have his sports empire be heard in two counties. That's a radio genius.
He's got one station now, the light bulb that can't be heard in date county unless you're standing on your head at the overpass.
And he's got the other station that I used to work at which in Broward County at night you can see the towers you can't hear the God damn radio station.
That's a station. So all you heat fans, hallelujah, all you hurricanes sports fans. It'll be great man. You'll have your choice.
And you can like just set the button side by side and as you drive and you're out there in your car, drive it along on 9.25 on the turnpiking you like kind of cross over that county line.
And you can just punch from one to the other as one signal fades out and the other one starts drifting in.
Incrably nice God buddy, baby. Let's do a West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, were you staying in Vegas this time?
We're staying at the Imperial Palace and a few rooms at Caesars. Oh, the sports book of the IP is the best. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. And it's going to be May 18. Quote on. No, it is not. No, it's not. It's going to be June 15th. I don't know what planet you're on.
Neil, you're living way in the past, Pally. That date has been changed weeks ago now.
June 15th. June 15th. Thursday night, June 15th. I don't know. Have any idea what you're talking about? Well, I'm a history man.
Yeah. Hey, what do you go all the way to Vegas to bet $10 on a hockey game? I was by you the last time you bet $10 on a hockey game.
This is the same guy that called this is your material. I don't bet on hockey games in addition to which how many hockey games are being played in June,
which is when we're there the last time. See, this is the same hole in your argument that you had the last time you called.
Neil, but there are no hockey games in June, sir. The horses though. Do you ever get out of here? You jackass. You fool. You clown. You idiot.
I love these people at call with like an agenda. This guy. He's going to put me down because I only bet.
First of all, I don't bet a lot of money. That's right. I don't pretend to be a big gambler in my earlier more foolish days.
I used to plunge pretty damn good at the track. Don't do that anymore. It's too God hurt too damn hard to make it when you got to pay for the rent on that milk on that dairy farm.
How come you only bet $10 on a hockey game? Go back to loot. So, Cape, go back to whatever hole you crawled out of, man. You are pathetic.
You're what's wrong with the guy damn world. I'll tell you that right now. And then we got that damn boring detective with the big bald spot back on today.
We finally got Rosa Lopez shipped her ass out of the country. And what do we got today? We got that detective laying Tom laying his back again.
And we'll see if they painted his bald spot or not. We'll see if Ron Popeel took care of his business over the last week that he's been gone.
He's been in hiatus. And we still are waiting for Kato and we're still waiting for Mark Furman and still waiting for the good stuff.
And man, I don't know if the defense is going to be able to pay those $950 fines. Inquiring minds want to know about that. Pretty heavy duty.
Rosa with her great credibility. So bad. And then of course on Friday since we were here last not only the big news about the hurricanes.
The panthers right in the wake of that great six to one lost in New Jersey on Saturday with an offense that's invisible.
We get Johan Garpent law from the San Jose sharks. Good player by the way. Nice move, baby. Brian Murray is God with a speech defect.
And we get a player and what did we do? We got put them out there for about all of 30 seconds on Saturday's game. And of course as the Rimmer says, we have to wait until Roger teaches him a system of clutch and grab and play defense or whatever you do.
Don't do any offense and we had a good example of that. Stu Barnes comes back. We still get our ass whipped.
So we have are we getting the big sheet on that thing because I don't want to give any misinformation on that we're going to be given away a pair of tickets for the big game.
I mean it's so one of those things the schedule is bizarre. We only have one home game like in two weeks Wednesday night against Ottawa, which by the way speaking of Wednesday night against Ottawa, where is those four tickets from up front there?
Is he ever going to show his business building again or what? We need those extra seats for Ottawa on the inside deal. But anyway, the 1800 club one of our sponsors is going to give away a dinner for two.
At the 18 hour club, then you get on at the bus that they got that takes you right to the arena and the pair tickets for the hockey game on Wednesday.
And then this guy that just called this farmer over there in Palm Beach County, he can bet his $10 on the outcome of the game, which we will beat their ass. Make no mistake about that.
The team that's only got seven points, the Ottawa senators, which if we could play them every day, we'd be okay.
Are you following this? So we'll give them a way to somebody as the thing goes on.
Because according to Sarah in promotions, this is a major gigantic humongous promotion and she wants to milk it for all she can get.
10 16 at W I O D 16 W I O D, the only appliance you own that talks back.
I like naked guys just lick them 10 19 at W I O D. So anyway, Georgia saying to me once you put that on a year about that, we're giving away those two center ice seats.
14 rows up from the ice in the arena for the big game on Wednesday, the Panthers, not a while and dinner for two at the 1800 Club and round trip transportation on that great double deck or bus.
That's $125 value, baby. He says once you put that on the year, every line of the board's going to light up. I said, guess what, George? If you would have been listening, which he wasn't, I just got through sanded and nobody's calling.
Man, you're living in La La land. You're in a goddamn dream world. This audience is a little bit too spoiled. They want more than that. They want at least a Sony XPR TV set to go along with it so they can watch a replay of the game.
Well, maybe you could throw in a background.
Oh, and speaking of that, which you also were not listening before because you get involved in these long conversations with I have no, I know I do who they are on the phone.
About the seats call up Cheryl on the other comment. Tell her I want those extra seats for the Ottawa game in our row would be nice because I have no idea if he's ever going to show his pussy here again.
Bob Green, hopefully not. But man, everything here is such a big damn project. Oh, there he goes again, asking for more tickets for the damn game. It would be nice to have Orlando a little joy in that row. Sure beats a lot of what we usually got in there. Right, Woody?
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello, hello, Neil. Yes, you know, you're forgetting about how the real ratings builder is at night. What you used to do when you used to have hello, dot the jam,
ball. That's right. We had gigantic numbers for that. And you know why? Do you know why? Because only old people are listening to the radio at night.
All far. That's right. But here's the question now. What's going to happen? Everybody in the light bulb with buddy, but back to I have no idea. Are they going to broadcast sports at night? Let me say it again. I have no idea. You're going to ask me a whole bunch of how the hell would I know? Well, I'm just a.
And I understand I understand Mr. Ego is very upset by the way that I put it on the air because it was supposed to be a big secret that the station was sold in the audio, audio, audio.
But what there are no secrets in this business doesn't he know that? Yeah, two additional, which what's he belly, and he's got a piece of the action. He's got 12%. He's going to come out with a couple hundred grand out of this deal. What's he belly?
It can about between that and all the. Huh? You can go back to W. A. B. C. There you go for another week. Right. You can go on the same bus with Hank. That's it. But anyway, the thing I was wondering about is, you know, W. I. N. Z. Their signal. It's like talking through Vaseline or something. It's directional at night. They have to protect some station.
I forget where to. Hello somewhere up in the middle of the state. And they have to go like they covered date County at night period. They have to go straight south at night.
And are they going to screw sunny too? Is that going to be the next thing? What do you mean by that? Is he going to give you a still the hurricane?
He has no idea. I I asked him that as soon as I came into building this morning. He says he is spoken to nobody. He knows nothing. I said we know that.
Unbelievable. We know you know nothing. But I mean, now I have no idea. So you want me to give you a lot of I would have already given the information.
Now if I had the answers, I have no answers yet. You should be already chewing just on the thing that fat Hank, the hammer is going to New York to F. A. N.
Well, I bet you I bet you I must have a good time ripping his ass. Shocking. Yeah. Have a great life.
It's a guy that's worried about where the people at the light bulb are going. That's something we ought to be very concerned about.
We have an open line in day 751 1 1 and Broward 524 W. I. D. On a very kind of late. This whole week. I feel is going to be this way.
Today is bizarre. I'm coming to work and I thought is this another one of these bizarre holidays that nobody has told me about.
There was no traffic at all today anywhere. I take my little thing off the Gratney there on 441. I go up to 103rd street right in the corner where blockbuster is, which is always a landmark.
That always means turn immediately get away as fast as you can. And that's usually backed up there for like a block.
There's nobody there at 9 o'clock sharp. There is nobody waiting online in any lane in the left turn lane in the middle lane in lowest lane.
There's nobody there. I come over here into this desperate part of town where usually you hold your thing in your hand just hoping you can steer your way through this.
There's not nobody out there. And I come into the building here and of course by this time I've already heard D. F. O.
saying that I'm getting vacation on Friday because of this U. M. Backsyball game.
And it feels like it definitely don't feel like Monday. I don't know what it is, but it's moving. That's all I can tell you.
I have no idea what day this is, but it don't feel like Monday. Doesn't it feel like a holiday?
And it's certain. And then I pull up to the my park and spot and back. And the spot next to that is also empty.
There's like an empty park and spot at 915 in a goddamn morning, which never happens ever, ever under penalty of death.
So there must be some goddamn big holiday out there that we don't know about. What is it?
Not of the derail and I'm going to say another thing too. There's two groups of people who should be deported immediately.
People who would go to see the so called major league baseball games and these are these are even regular season.
These are exhibitionist games with a bunch of fakers out there with a bunch of punks. Okay.
Those people and there aren't that many of them, but those people should be deported immediately.
And secondly, anybody who would go to see a golf tournament.
And there is by the way on a cable now. I'm your if you get the DSS. There's the golf channel.
To show you what a boring country. This has become there's a whole channel that has nothing but golf and stupid golf shows on air.
How to do it? Where to hit it? How to whack your balls? A straight? How to whack them sideways and bat him around, etc.
How OJ was doing it that night of the murders? The golf god damn channel. People let go to see golf, including our program director by the way.
If you ever wondered why he's like that, he's a golf nut. He plays it. He watches it. He diddles with it. He's a golf guy.
There are no and Reneerie was a golf guy too. Does that explain to you why he's over there on Waxie now with Roger talking to himself?
Reneerie was a god damn golf guy and a fishing guy and a booze guy. I'm getting a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now.
Here's a lady in Coral Springs. Hello. Morning, Neil. Good morning.
Grazy about the golf tournament. I got dragged one one time. Never again. Oh my god. You talk about boring in these announcers or whispering in these.
He's pet hit all around it, went in the water and he's choking like a what kind of crap is that? Give me a break.
Well, I thought something might be happening because all the big names are there and everything. No, no, no way. That's the end of it for me. I learned my lesson.
Let's get this something important like the young and restless. Yeah, I haven't seen it.
Well, I wanted to know. I mean, it's sought one or two times last week when I remember to tape it, but there's not an awful lot going on.
And Nick's got bad hair again and stupid sideburns and they still can't get his hair straightened out and Sharon's in love with Nick now.
And mommy is the role in around her chair and not too much going on here. And the old man is still lying here combatose in the sack in the hospital.
Yeah, with the tube up his thing. Well, you know, blade and the twin Rick or something. I want to know what's going on there. They're going to kill each other. What?
I don't know who that is. I must be a part one of the storylines. I pay no attention. I have no idea who that is. That's Ashley Ashley's husband.
I don't know who Ashley is. Oh, no. What is that? Is that the token black couple on the show? No, they're not black. They're white.
It's John's daughter. She's got long. John's other wife. I have I don't know who that is. Oh, Ashley. Ashley. Don't know who it is.
Got long blonde hair into the mid-twance. Come pretty. Yeah. Yeah. I thought maybe you would have some information on that. No, man.
So you haven't watched it. So you don't know what's going to happen today or anything? No. I watched it. Yeah. I did watch it on Friday. It was very boring. It was coma inducing.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well, listen, have a great day. And you too. See, uh, get out of here. We have an open line in Broward. Five talk about coma inducing.
Five, two, four. I went on the passion line. That show Friday night, man. She was going on and on and on and on. And on. Give her some hockey tickets to give away.
She couldn't buy a call this bitch. Couldn't buy a call. Now what the hell was the topic on Friday? I'm trying to put this back together.
That's what I was trying to put back. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's
what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together. That's what I was trying to put back together.
uh... now up there in or in orlando it's uh... jury hambrick or whatever the
guy's name must be john hambrick's brother or somebody like that it's uh...
and she must have mentioned his name eight hundred and fifty times and people
finally after like eighty five hours of this i get back in the car and she's
still with the same god damn boring topics and cat by a call and then somebody
finally called in with the name of somebody like Jennifer sloppy valopi or
something like that and she said okay well she's starting to come on strong
now i'll mark you down
so if that shows getting you depressed don't let her get you down
oh my god what a what a farce that is and i remember when she first came
and they had us bullcraped again as usual about this was going to be the
greatest god damn things since the since marconi
and all there's already nineteen stations that want to sign will cast that show
we're gonna network this thing this is gonna be the biggest god damn things
since uh... the networks it's gonna be a huge can you believe that
now she's on in the three of the biggest markets in the state already
tampo or lando in Miami for lauderdale and hollywood and ojas and sweetwater
and she still can't buy a guy damn call because she's market him down
or maybe she's just getting them down
boy i don't want to get started on that pitch again today but that's your
really and like i said we finally and the reason one of the reasons we wanted
to get rid of that crap that u.m. sports stuff that has a minimal audience
because there are no real u.m. fans they just want to be there if the football
team is winning some games or now that the basketball team actually is playing
pretty well they show up there in the arena but then as soon as they lose the
gamer to they're all gone
nobody gives a crap about that
so the big deal is all we get that out of there so she can really have a clear
path there being on every night and get a one share nice going guys
if any cro if any management could do it this is the one this is the same crowd
by the way that put david paul on the air and the label on wsp fifty thousand
Watson Atlanta here's boca hello yes yes how are you Neil okay i was in a
car last night and i had some some starting story on wio d it shocked me
yeah they told me you worked out and discussed and you were ready to put you
put your papers in and gave notes i put my papers yeah is that a fact Georgia's
rolling something in one of them right now yeah i'm not rolling anything now
that's it George D we enjoy station yeah and i wish you let me ask you how long
have you had this problem if you had the like a waxy bill of problem that
that here in problem there is no problem would you like for me to play the tape
play the tape of what a tape of Bob Green or whatever his name is good green
supposed to be the queen yeah i od yeah stating that you worked out in the
scuss and at your there was never any such program on a station sir you must
be hallucinating how long have you been having these maybe was a dream
hallucinating maybe it's a dream well do you ever have these you have these
nightmares to wake up flush in the middle of the night or hear a flush in the
middle of the night look yeah i don't have to have a dream i know what i was listening
to when i heard there was never any such program okay who is the host the
nine who is the host on the show but don't tell me that i didn't hear this i just
got through telling you didn't hear it because there was never any such show if
we would have had a show like that don't you think i would have heard about it
another word somebody was masquerading and and identifying with another words you were having
a dream other words you maybe we're sleepwalking no i walked in the middle of your
sleep i'm not a sleeping you were driving it yeah i doubt that i was driving very much
and i wasn't sleeping it is a dream and w i od was on the air yeah what time was this you
what time was this i put my papers in you keep saying that what is what time was this at
ten thirty last night no chance no chance well okay then that's what i want to
hear there's no maybe you want wst i maybe you're on the other maybe you're on another radio
stations here what why you so i worked up about this i'm worked up because you're making it sound
like i'm a dummy and don't know when i hear w i od there you go i think you just said it for me
no i don't have to say it if i want to if i want to say you just wait a minute you just said
i'm a dummy and i don't know what i'm listening to but you just said that i didn't say it
you're putting all the words in my mouth yeah how would you like to have randy how'd you like to have
randy say it to you well say what randy rose tell you that it was on what does that mean
that means that you're full of crap what is randy what is randy roadtam to do with what do you
mean how would i like her to tell me she's sitting there with you now in the room it never mind
where she's sitting yeah but there are plenty of people that heard the tape and uh
no way did randy randy rose you're a big liar wait a minute what do you have to do with it
you're a liar what do randy roads have to do with it oh click there he goes
another old fart in podby all right oh let's send him out to Vegas with that other guy and the
honeymoon's sweet let's send those two out there together two old bastards guy had a dream in the
middle of the night very dry can be sure that gets up and starts wandering around aimlessly a dizzy
uh just totally uh losing control has no clue gets into a total panic breaks out into a cold sweat
because he believes that i've turned in my papers the herald anison sentinel and i'm leaving town
and then calls and gives me a hard time on ear he's psychotic his life isn't worth a god damn
dime now because he thinks i'm leaving town he had some kind of a wild dream probably too much
sure honey probably too much honey on the serial junior oh man i just can't believe these people
especially in palm beats they're worked up to a god damn frenzy and what the hell does randy
roads have to do with randy would never say anything that astonine then i'm going to be leaving
that she heard some kind of a show in the middle of her sleep some night and what the hell is with this
dcs by the way Jesus god almighty defo just keep your hands off the stuff he probably did
everything here in this thing can we ever get this thing fixed so look at that please wait
please wait please wait please wait my dog can find the guy damn thing in here sooner than his look at that
i'm trying to alphabetize the guy damn computer we got over here what do they do get this at
Walmart on sale day
Jesus god and Joseph all i'm trying to do is play get the honey junior and it takes a half hour to
pop the god damn thing up i feel like i'm the one that's hallucinating along with that old fart and
palm beach sir i got the number of a good doctor for you okay doctor marvel done especially if your
lips are getting blue 1035 at w i o d just by the host gester callers on w i o d you're not necessarily
those of this station or its sponsors all w i o d programs are copyrights 1995 by w i o d
incorporated and may not be recorded or distributed without prior ritten consent i know that the lord
even loves neo rogers god damn it okay 1038 at w i o d if i hear one more call people making up these
stories about tapes the this show was on here and this tape was on here these people on the weekend
they must go into total delirium like this last guy the guy maybe this guy needs some help maybe
he's like the guy that wanted to jump off the overpass on friday this guy or thursday desperately
needs some help we can get you some assistance sir let's call up doctor toney brown and see if
she can help him out anyway scott thank you so much from forever green landscape services in
voka your hell of a guy scott a real groupie and he showed up at the out saturdays going to put a
few things in there for me he's gonna stick a little something in the ground he said and what
a nervous kid though this guy real good looking guy by the way scott i just thought i'd
mentioned it to make you real nervous now but uh you know what what is the story with these
straight guys what are they so nervous about what am i going to do am i going to attack him in the
house am i going to like seduce him i told him you didn't bite well you never know i might
no seriously i have it's just i it's amusing to me it's really it's sad on the one hand but it's
amusing that these guys are just so uh nervous oh i never saw one of those before yeah right
also i have a memo here that says not for broadcast but i'm really tempted to
about another sales meeting at a boy alpo it's only the middle of march you're really on top of it
we have an open line and broward five two four nine four six three let's see if we can hear some
other russian al people out there telling me about some caca made me show that they allegedly heard
what what he said was with bob the queen was on the show talking about how i had turned in my
papers okay you're all right sir it's just uh just look in the mirror and see if you're still alive
just to squeeze all over your body and see if you're still alive maybe it's that flesh eating
virus it is brain out first here's a lady uh or somebody in four lot of day hello hi Neil
yes ma'am this is Nancy the goose lady yes Nancy hi how are you fine how have you been
i've been fine good i am turning in my papers you are yeah well don't turn in it in too fast listen
i have a goose that someone ordered for you for your anniversary but i have no place to deliver it
what do you mean by that someone called me up and wanted to give you a goose as an anniversary
home maybe was got the uh the uh landscape and guy that's what he was nervous about he wondered
if i'd accept his goose i don't know anytime scott well i need an address so i can bring it to your home
yeah i don't want it at the state i'm not taking no goose honey forget it no i'll pass
all right well then okay then the next thing is i wanted to know if i could get there
let me in somebody ordered a goose somebody called me if i wanted to give you a goose and they
know that i listen to your show and everything and it's okay yeah so they paid me the money
but i don't want to take it down there probably i might steal it probably was Hank well when you
when you used to work here doing nights you come into the day to uh book you get it he no seriously
he tried to goose me in the hall every time i go out doing a news break stupid yeah oh boy well listen
when things my birthday you're getting your goose from Hank yes my birthday and i wanted to know
if i could get the honky ticket no but i gave you that that was nice well that was nice that's
there you go all right give the goose somebody who can you now give it to somebody who needs it
okay i will okay take care okay bye bye see ya thanks anyhow i'll pass on the goose
we have two open lines and broard five two four nine four six three
george says boy this thing is gonna light up those phones it's like a major i'll tell you what's
gonna light up these phones are these free CDs i'm sick of these things sitting here for days and
days let's just give stuff away all this week okay they were that kind of a mood they're pissed off
they heard that i got my dss that 18 inch rc a dish then they hear that i went out and bought the
Sony xbr set which they're really psychotic about that's got the uh you can watch 16 events in the
split screen and the instant replay it it's the most incredible thing i've ever seen in my
guide damn life now they're really pithed off they're starting to get they're resented they don't like
it why not does everybody else uh gotta have one of these two just to feel good about themselves
life is more than just having a bunch of material possessions right and a couple of main
g dogs so look at these CDs these are all like um
soul i'm not the soul they're wrapped they're a bunch of crap basically that they don't want it
how one oh five here's usher think of you now this audience never heard of any of these
here's the nine one one by cutie from the album nine one one all right here with e 40 with i
love how come there's numbers on all these is it one love i love you love
here's uh miss the grim and situation grim it'd be really grim here's Bob grim with the
1954 Yankees 26 here's rap and forte i'll be around the new single from the album don't fight the
feeling all right all right here's uh dear mama this is the follow up to your mama it's dear mama
by uh oh look at that here's the radio version and here's the extra clean version
now what does that mean does that mean that even the radio version is a little dirty we better play
the here's uh big papa and the notorious big
huh look at him he looks really bad here's uh gravediggers and one eight hundred
suicide this is the one that's got the what do they call that again when you got the jewelry
on your teeth real quick come on George huh no no seriously what's the name for that
when you got jewelry on your teeth he's got he's got a he's got a thing on his tooth baby what is that
one eight hundred suicide how come there's numbers on every one of these huh two pack and one eight
hundred this and one love and i love and forte is this some kind of cold or something
us white people are starting to get real nervous about that here's a mid-south without you i
haven't got a prayer that's just like uh one of those uh CD singles here's uh the hush babies the
that we've been worse here's the bush babies remember we i swear to god the name of this is called
remember we by the bush babies and here's what's called day one true homies day one de apostrophe one
day one uh true homies true homos so there's a real good selection of crap that we ought to give away
but to those phones are smoking already for those but not the passion lines because they're pissed off
that i got very surly with those two assholes those two old farts in palm beach see those are the only
calls we get from palm beach basically is because there's only that's all there is up there is seen
out old farts who have really wild dreams in the middle of the night and then call up on here the
next day and try to make us believe that it's so boy sir if i were you i'd be getting i would be
getting help immediately i'm very concerned about that old fart here's candle hello
hey Neil yes sir oh i here okay remember we with two e remember we
oh god you know i want to remember they remember they yeah anyway uh they remember them how
them be doing by the way who did remember them the ethics remember them remember them remember
then with an end i mean i remember that song that was the name of the song though remember
that that that that that yeah the one i know the song but i can't i don't know i think it was the
ethics i'm well i have to look at my book while you're uh give me your ad to be there you go
i want to those who never calls monday as far as the tool would say may i coup off yeah i learned that
a long time ago but when i heard that you were giving tickets away oh oh all voices at my head
all of a sudden he had time to call on monday when he heard that we had hockey the voice the voices
on my head said get the hockey tune you know so you know on the dinner too the ethics huh
the the ethics the ethics did have one big hit which i can't think of with an end that definitely
was not it but uh what's the book you have there it's the billboard book of top 40 hits it's got
everything here's Leslie go or oh yeah this is from all the way through uh whenever roger left
here a couple years ago roger from the micronary show what do you laugh about that's remember roger's
entertainment report you're probably the one guy that laughed at it right here's the exciter's
the everley brothers here's buddy ever here's the ethics easier said than done in a walk in
miracle those are the only two there's easier said than done was a uh they're big hit yeah i
remember them too it's me remember so now i'm supposed to look up remember then right remember then
are you sure that was the name of the song i'm sure i don't think so let's see he wasn't uh no
it wasn't alone the pyramids alone denial of all right wait a minute uh here's a rapsidio in your
pants little christie reach out and i'll be there here's the reaper here's red rubber ball here's
rubin and here's remember walking in the sand with the sand we're lost that was terrible song
oh there was a song remember then and if you can tell me who uh sang it i'll give you the
fifty three remember then deon have a great day okay back themself into a corner that's going to
be our contest now whoever can tell me who recorded remember me nineteen sixty uh remember then
remember me was Diana Ross and Rita Pavon and Dave Pallon but remember then was nineteen sixty
three by group and nobody's gonna get this one less they got the same book two open lines
both on those goddamn green passion lines in Palm Beach one eight hundred nine four four nine four
six three probably also in Palm Beach we got a lot of people who a like golf and B went out to see the
Marlon game up there at space space cadets in space city huh people that would go to see exhibition
games and people will actually go to see the make believe players when they start these supposedly
real season you know there are some people this is the truth in america make no mistake about this
there are some people and the merchandisers know this the people that are make all their big money
and there's Dennis Rodman by the way and if i ever have to see him again and look at what color
with hair yet today he is disgusting there should be a ban on Dennis Rodman he should not be on
anybody's TV set in fact in this new TV i bought there's like a thing that you program in there
if there are any people that you don't want to pop up on your set under any circumstances
he just program in their name right on the screen and if by any chance so when you're watching
them play he just don't appear on the screen you see the ball and it's like Ray Meland in the invisible
man and no Dennis Rodman but seriously there are people you could take a plate with a bun
and you could scoop like my dog this morning left i don't want to get to graphic it's coming up
on lunchtime he left the deposit a big one in the backyard like he always does he weighs 94 pounds
he's a big boy okay and you could put that on a bun and say this is the most delicious hamburger
in the history of the human race and there'd be people who would buy it not just eat it who would
pay for it how do you like that so sure we get 1800 people over here we get 3500 people over there
you talk about i have no life and poor you know as much as i as much disdain as i have for j randolph
and gerry carder and they both do suck very very heavy duty by the way they're embarrassingly bad
but to have to go out there and shill and uh davel brine and joe angel who actually happen to be
pretty good and they have to go on there and shill and sell their souls to try to pretend that this
oh here are your marlins what are you talking about these are not no marlins these are a bunch of
douchebags there a bunch of imposter's man why don't you do like the guy angelo's in baldemore just call
it off okay until you can put something real out there cut the crap and say in fact we're
gonna do it here at wwwd we just i just had a memo here it said until we can put a real show on
after eight o'clock at night we're shutting the god damn transmitter off starting tonight
how do you like that 1049 at w i o d coaches come i got it coaches go stud players emerge and get their
shoe contracts big games are one and summer lost and all through it there's default how do you
replace players as bad as the marlins put on the field that's kind of a paradoxical thing a little
bit of a dichotomy there for david and browski to deal with believe the exes and os in the locker
sports talk with an attitude jeth deforest on news talking entertainment radio
six ten w i o d six ten w i o d the only good canadiens are still in montreal beware of exploding balls
just lick them if you want to get a women from the madness on that island you can leave behind
oppression they got tripped in the ocean everybody wear hsian cruise lines sell out in the open sea
hsian cruise lines with some luck you might break free hsian cruise lines not much room for you or me
cation cruise lines when the trip back home is three month for your hsian vacation call 1-800-2 get out
ten fifty three at w i o d happy monday to y'all i have no idea what day it really is it can't
possibly isn't this what what day is it is this like uh some kind of big Jamaican holiday or
something gotta be something there is nobody in the building there's no traffic on the road it's
a beautiful thing and of course the tourists are all gone because derral and the grand preer over so
they've all got bailed out i mean is that something when the big events that you got we did have
the super bowl for our once in the twenty years we had that that's a real event that's a big deal
baby and that was it and then the grand pre and the derral and uh we got the florida derby coming
up right don't we have the florida derby coming up a Gulf Stream on the last i would think so yeah
and that's it that's it that is it right there in a nutshell that's what we have to attract to
the rest of the world beautiful here's sunrise hello it's like green gonger day month yeah is that
it month yeah i got the urls for rar remember when wow wow absolutely correct sir yes sir
lary chance in the url yeah but you don't want to go to hockey game today and not much
oh you do yeah okay here's a weiner george i thought that would take forever you must have a book
no i don't have a book i've got a brain lary chance lead singer of the brunks quartet the urls
january 12 1963 24 reach number 24 in the chart four weeks on the charts remember that i remember
the song yep good song it was a pretty good song yeah and then they just kind of vanished that was
a medley of their big one no they had another song called i'll never fall in love again but it wasn't
a big hit well i thought remember one was hard number 24 too so yeah so what do you know okay hang
on sir i'll see you Wednesday night thanks neal hold on there's a weiner look at that all the
day lines just dropped off how do you like that you talk about a bunch of front-running
phonies in this town a bunch of freeloading bastards about a bunch of relentless douchebags your
rights are i'm turning in my goddamn papers right now how do you like that 751 w i o d in date and
a purple line also crapped out at pound i would be on cellular one because this guy got the
urls and all those you know isn't that something did we find out by the way about is she all getting
me those other tickets out of his desk is he here what's the deal with her she's going looking right
now this this is like a major let's get an expedition together okay let's go in there and like
tear the whole goddamn room apart and make a big simmiss out of this here's a pepper pines hello
hi neal yes sir how you doing okay listen you're fantastic i've been listening to you for about a
year and you're just great i wanted to let you know that the movie fatso is going to be on cinemas
oh really yes one's that going to be it's going to be two thirty tomorrow afternoon get the honey
junior exactly duty uh six thirty a.m. Saturday the 11th and march thirty at four thirty p.m.
get the honey junior on cinemas you know i'm going to take that tomorrow because they don't really
have i have a copy of a bit real old and crappy well i hope you got a good reception on your new
dishes and all by sure will all right well you take care i want nothing except to listen to you for as
many years as you want to be on thanks for sucking around all right take care okay there's a guy that's
got a little inflammation for you two thirty tomorrow afternoon on cinemas for those of you big
spenders out there who get like more than just the basic package when Rick Riley though they was
telling me that what he's got on his satellite dish it's not even worth having the dish for what he
gets he's not interested in sports he doesn't subscribe to like any of the movie channels he's uh
he's just basically got a bare thing is what he's got we have an open line in date seven five one
and one on the green line one eight hundred nine four four by the way the guy with the treadmill what's
that guy's name Michael was that his name George the guy Michael with my treadmill i want to thank
him profusely for giving me back my life what a difference in a week and a half that thing i am so
full of it now thank you Mike and i'm up to about i do about 15 minutes at a crack anybody else out
there do 50 minutes at a but that's what i do it about three miles an hour two point eight sometimes
three sometimes three point one and just lengthen the time like i said don't try to get on that
thing and like knock yourself out and you work yourself into a sweat and have a god damn coronary
that accomplishes nothing just do it at a good moderate pace work up a little bit of a
shfitz and just keep going longer and longer and pretty soon it gets longer and god only knows for
years i've been praying for that here's a lady mobile in Miami hello Neil i have a question about
the satellite dish yes man the 18 in size were size were thinking of getting one how many tvs can
you hook into that just one uh i don't know my husband said it's just good for one set but you have four or five
thank you god i love hang i'm having a day affair with hang
that was used to get entertainment radio six ten
w i o d presents the nil roger show just lick up to talk with nil call seven five one
w i o d in day three four two four w i o d in broard outside the three oh five area code
it's toll free one eight hundred nine four four w i o d and say the one customers can call pound
i o d at no charge now the nil roger show a news talk and entertainment radio six ten
w i o d he was his ward not his pedophile
oho no
people are watching women are staring their greenula boon
But I'm not sharing some seas brainless
Not much going to talk in
Not much to look at
But I ain't looking
This male's just a little too much
To that's all a little too close
It's not who's just a little too long
They're good
But while they're running
I will be more than nothing
His gotta really big trials are true
A really big trial
Girls with scream if you let it out
A really big trial
His gotta really big trials are
I'm fishing for love
His gotta really big trial
A really big trial
That's what make me just twist and shout
He's gotta really big trials
A really big trial
He's gotta really big trials
He's gotta really big trials
He's gotta really big trials
He's gotta really big trials
We have to have like an inquisition on us or what
Why do we have to have 8 million questions
If she got the tickets or what
Yes, but she thinks she dropped one
Remember little Joey said he wanted to go to the game
And probably is gonna bring his voluptuous young girl friend
Fianc whatever she is
And then Orlando was allegedly gonna come to the game
You forgot about that?
That Orlando's coming
I certainly wouldn't forget that
You probably would
And all I ask for is for a few
A couple once how many games have I asked for extra tickets
This is the second one I believe
The second one
If you got the goddamn tickets or what sweetheart
What do you got? How many?
And then I'm in the middle of trying to have to censor this stupid damn trouser perched thing here
And uh George is hot gonna try it
And I think I may have missed one
I think I perched on it
What do you got there Cheryl come on
I yelled at him because I'm trying to I have to like a bleep that out because Bob Neil gets upset about the guys
We got bigger than he's got
Which is then I'll yell at you
I would like four please
Pretty please I would like four
And then the partridge in a paratrooper
Then there will be four people sitting in those seats
This is for Wednesday March 8th
This is for the out what's got the Quebec's got Joe Sacka come to picture with the Quebec Nordique
In his pajamas
Don't those look like pajamas?
Yeah, they do
Yeah, you didn't get what
Well, you know something is he not here again? Is that the problem? Where is he today?
Well, he's sick today. Well, you know what? Too bad Bob. I got your Ottawa tickets and he wouldn't be there anyway
He's been to like one game this year so and nobody nobody in their right mind would come to see this game
Oh, sorry to that guy that won the tickets before in our contest
We have uh
We have all the lines and I'm gonna play this again. Okay, just to get your ass out of here
I'm gonna play this whole damn thing
And I'm gonna say oh the reason they got on the ears because Cheryl was in here. How can a china kbad Neil
7519 463 so we got the tickets so you're supposed to call Orlando and make arrangements to get in these tickets George
Which is still not listening to me because again? She's not gonna try to get in there with him get out of there
Call up Orlando and make arrangements to give him these this pair. Okay already doing it. Oh Jesus Joseph and master Jesus Christ
Here's the lady in Margate. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Oh, hi Neil
Last night on the radio was that guy putting everybody on about you were leaving
Oh, now you know what is this? So you related to the other guy that called you for no, no, hey, wait no
I don't don't yell at me. I'm from upstate. I'm not yelling at all. I'm sitting here very quietly
Are you don't have a dairy farm to end up state?
That's when he said you were going to you won't that he that you own property in
Rockford you said you were from Rochester in rockford in Rochester. Yeah, and then he said that
You were gonna operate a dairy farm
Up there. Yeah, you also own some property in Texas that you had some cattle on
Yeah, I heard this
I mean, I'm not you heard this on what I heard it on WFT. I'm maybe there's on WQ. I am
No, no, no, no, it was your state. Who's on at 11 o'clock at night a little after 11. Dr. Demento
I've got those dates. Yeah, no. Does that explain it to you? No
Well
Well, what the other man isn't crazy because the other man was the other man was having a dream
He was having probably going through his third change of life or change of underwear
And he was having a dream. There was no such program. Who was who was the alleged host on a show? I don't know
See
And you can give me something a little more specific than I might think the five is I think this to me this sounds like a plot
It sounds like there are some ojohn provacottura out there
Try to stir up the kettle. This was sure shortly after 11 because yeah, I
know I
Turn on my radio in the bathroom when I'm taking a shower and I heard it
I asked you something was the Ben and Jerry's cup half full or half empty
Was the ice cream melted? The reason I'm trying to piece this together. It's getting like the oj thing now
I'm trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together
Well, then when he said you were going back to Rochester because I lived in I lived in pair
Yeah, that's unfortunate. Yeah, so I'm
That's why I was listening and he said you were going that you own property up there and you were going to operate my own nothing
Close on my back everything else is
Mortgaged you own property in Texas and you get cattle on this property and Oklahoma no no just Texas Wyoming
And a big cactus farm in Arizona
Because my husband came in and I said you know
Dear Rogers is given his 30-day notice
Because he always listens to you on this is we're trying not to discuss this on the year and now you're just making
From bad to worse now and the other guy the same thing. I think this is a plot. I'm sorry
And it's really it's a funny coincidence that Bob Green is home allegedly sick today and all these calls are coming in here
I don't know, but I really follow what I'm saying really was on the radio not a suspicious person
But it's starting to sound a little bit fishy to me as in trouser
Mackerel
Well, it was your station. Okay. Well, I'm sure somebody out there will know
You know, we'll have a little bit better idea. It's amazing to me. I've always said this
You know they do these surveys and our livelihood depends on it people don't even know what they're listening to
I mean you're the second wait a minute
You're the second caller I've had in less than an hour now who insists that you heard something on a station last night
You can't even tell me who show it was. I don't know who show it was. I just turned it on and now I always have
W I O D M I yeah, but you're giving me chapter in verse of all this
How's the ride that you allegedly heard on there? No, no, not allegedly. I heard it alleged
There's nothing allegedly about it. I heard it. Did you uh?
Yeah
And
Are you there? Yes
But you can't I thought you're talking to someone you can't know I'm talking to you are can you tell me uh are you sure? Yes
Okay, well, we'll check it out somebody out there somebody out there will know a little more about I didn't hear it
It was between in fact 11 o'clock last night. I was sound asleep. I went to bed early. There was just a tremendous mental hemorrhoids and I just went to bed
I mean a lot of people must have heard it. It was between 11 and 11 15. Okay, we'll check it out. Okay. Thanks. Have a great day
We have an open line at Broward 524 and two and date 7519 463
I guess the freeload and contingents really big and date because as soon as the guy one was great 14 row from the ice
So center ice seats for the Ottawa game on Wednesday as soon as that happened date cleared out and they're not coming back
They are pissed off. They don't even want wrapping forte
They don't even want
Mr. Grimm what's wrong with Mr. Grimm, huh? This might be so let's play a little bit of this. Okay
Maybe we can these people see this is basically a black thing and we don't have we know we got a few brothers and sisters out there
And a few black people too
But it's basically a stuff music that we're not familiar with you might love it
Now now why does it have to start out like that
All the hustlers in the house is there any black music that's out? I mean, remember see I used to love Motown
I realized that's uh in a different lifetime, but it was happy music
Wasn't it it was it was even when was the pressing it was happy music
But this is all like a crime and horror and uh drug and a lot of posing
Opposing
Yeah
What that are what
Now what's that
Recognized and you wonder why America is illiterate
Recognize
Oh
And this is music from the motion picture picture higher learning
Was went low and at 90 miles an hour I can barely see my shadow
Spocked up a battle Philly as bad as free willy really
Kind of chilling my brain now I think that sums it up right there, baby. It's cool where your brains both to be
From the motion picture higher learning
Okay, all right here's a mirror more on the purple line hello. Oh, what uh what I had in yeah
I'll tell you all about your music. What is it? I was gonna tell you all about your music. Okay
First of all the question the answer to your question about the jewelry on the teeth is called grilling
Grilling that's right. All right as you that's uh liaisen you be illin you be grilling you be grilling right
We're gonna ethnically we're gonna make you ethnic now and you're right
I got a question for you. Lack me up a little bit. Yeah
That statement that you have the gosh on rush spoke what what does that mean the gauntse mishpaha? Yeah
That means that has something to do with a dairy ranch in the Rochester yo man
What's up with your gauntse mishpoko with your whole with your whole family? We'll teach you Yiddish and you'll teach us grilling
There you go. I like one of those CDs by the way which one you want oh before I get to that um yeah
We were actually good you were actually gonna have a taker for one of these CDs. Yeah, all right
Oh, I can't believe it
Uh, that 18 inch dish. Yeah
Now the question is I heard you talking about the regular one and the deluxe one
Yeah, and I was speaking to someone over the weekend and they said the differences that you just have more outlets where you can hook it up to more
Room right. Is that correct? That's right. And it like a schmuck. I got the better one
I could have saved 200 bucks and got the cheaper one
So the question
Just have more audio audio a violins and just run them through the to the telephone the different rooms
Audio lines
The AV lines audio video line. Yeah
Instead of paying the two extra 200 dollars just get a little lighter
Well, what are you gonna do you gonna like run wires all over the house? No, I mean just like with cable
You know how they do it through your wall and everything else
Well, if you want somebody to drill holes in all your walls
I mean the thing with cable is most houses are already wired and they just have to uh, you know take take the a face plate off those things and just hook it up in there
No, I do myself you do it yourself. Yeah, well do it all right. I like one of CDs there which one you want man
The notorious big no turret notorious big. Yeah, he looks like a uncle mine
It looks like big Wilson's a matter of fact. It looks like a uncle no knee or a rolando
Okay, you got it all right. Thanks hang on douche bag. Okay. He's on the purple line. He wants uh, he wants notorious big
And leave it to a guy who's notoriously small to want that okay, it's a lot. I can't believe we actually gave one of those
Waits 11 18 at w i o d
16 w i o d
We're not my aunties number one station, but hey, we can't speak Spanish. All right. This is G Gordon Liddy and they don't come anywhere
The Neil Roger
Hey man
What's the 70s sound that we're hearing
When you travel around town, don't you know man
Those days were a sad thing we all do
Water
Faced now
What of the name president Jimmy Papa
Found a very submit poly as well
Was on every behind as we sat in
Very long
Wander just
We
Hey
What we've been living through on the jump
And we all had to watch these phones
JJ screaming, hey, I know my head
Vision Nixon, truth he wasn't that bright
Telling lady to speak around late at night
But those two's made up, feel alright
And now I understand why they are back
I'm gonna put it down, oh, stay up there
Get the money, you're here
I'm with my sister, Susan, hope I don't break my leg
Cause I can't do one step, step, I'll try to put it down
Now that it's time, I'll fly
You're not
We'll go to a way of music here for Ann Bishop
It's channel 10, hey, you're not my name
Big mama
Big push mama
You're mama
1124, WIOD on a really neat and nifty Monday
It's kind of like a vacation day around here
Bob Green's out again
Here's Boca online 8th, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Good morning Mr. Roger
When is the SMEGO?
I like to congratulate you on a grand night
Over 18 years of on the air
Well thanks so much, that's right
We're into our 20th now, how do you like that?
That's fantastic
And I'm sure that went 20, cause that's a big number
You know 19 is kind of a nod number
And it has been since I guess 15 or 10
But when 20 comes next March 1st, if we all survive that long
Then I'm sure I'll get my cupcake with a candle in it
And like a real big kiss on the cheek
From the powers that be here
We'll make sure we get you some of that
Right
Listen, I'm a first time carer
I've only been listening to your show for about a month
Really?
I don't know where the hell I've been
Now how long you lived here?
Actually I'm on
I just came from Florida State, Karahaffee
Do you have any markets up in that area?
Do we have any markets?
Karahaffee Florida
Yeah, we got a meat market up there
We got a prosa, we got a pharmacy
They supplies the governor
What's the value of your show?
Well, in other words, you went to school air or you lived there?
I went to school for the state
What were you before that?
Iowa
Oh, an Iowa?
Correct
I'll be damned, speaking of heavy meat
Heavy meat, baby
There's some beautiful meat in Iowa
I'll tell you that the most beautiful people in America are in Nebraska and Iowa
Great, Fed
Those corn fed, the Midwestern Yahoo guys
That's where they're at
Trust me
Listen, I got an answer to your holiday questions on this very grand day
Yeah
It's a grand Edward's birthday
Oh, alright
And that by the way would be me for
Well, happy birthday, wow, I should play a little...
In other words, this guy's given his name on here, bad mistake
No, no
You're not
Happy birthday, Grant
Hey, I only got one comment about your remakes
And I love your tomb too, by the way
Yeah
I got one comment for your remakes to that recognized one
Yeah
Alright, alright, alright, alright
Okay, Grant, don't do it again
We have an open line on the passion line at 1-800-
Yamama
That's my comment to you, Grant
That's right, that's a Yamama
Yamama
Yamama
Too bad this thing ain't going to smooth
Yamama
We could just play this from now until two
It kind of fits the mood of the day
I think that could be arranged
What is it?
That could be arranged
What could be arranged?
Let's just play that...
Why don't we play that from 10 until 11.50 on Friday?
Sounds good to me, because I'm not going to be here Friday morning
Even though they don't know that yet
Well, I don't know that there's a basketball game yet either
So now we're even
Because the PD is too busy in there trying to get his finger out of his left
Nostra left to that heavy duty derail over the weekend baby
Like I said, people were in the golf, I wouldn't dignify him
Here's Davy, hello
Davy
Hey Neil
Yes sir
How are you doing?
Okay
Alright, give us some panthers, you know
How can I say that? They got to do something, they got to win
They got to start scoring, you know
Win would be nice, we haven't won a game since when Jesus was a baby
It's been a long time now
I think so
You know what would really be nice?
What's that?
It would be nice if we beat a team like a real team
I mean, the last two wins that we had were against Hartford and Ottawa
Which Hartford's been playing better lately
But there's still like a girls team
Wouldn't it be nice if we beat another real team?
Remember that game we beat the Bruins two to one?
It seems like a hundred years ago up there
But wouldn't it be great if we beat a real honest to God team
Like the Rangers or Pittsburgh or a real team would be good
That's it, I think when the panthers all line up they say they're not worthy
But you know something?
The one good part about this, if we do stick the joint out and don't make the playoffs
Yeah
Is that maybe, just maybe the big cheese up there is going to say
You know, Roger Nielsen really isn't ass-hoeing, there's nothing
He can't motivate anybody to do anything and let's fire his ass
I don't know, we need somebody
We need to get a motivator in here
This guy couldn't motivate a bunch of frogs to croak
I'm telling you right now baby
Maybe we need the organ player
There you go
He's pretty good
Get that organ worked up
Hey, how about one of the CDs, Niel?
Which one you want?
Uh, I don't know, what do you recommend?
I recommend 9-1-1 and Kee-Hee
No, huh?
No?
Is that the one you recommend?
I don't know, what do you ask of me?
How about Mr. Grimm?
You just heard a little bit of that?
Yeah, that was pretty good
But it's the Grimm pretty good?
What the heck?
Hang on, Pallee
Thank you
You get a good education from this
All right, thanks
Okay, this guy's on four
This is from the motion picture
Higher Illarion
Illarion, Illarion
There you go
You got the guy on four now?
George has taken orders by the way for uh, Camry's
Anybody else out there would like a Camry at a very special price
George has got 17 of them lined up outside
Spencer will be here to wash him just before you make the deal
This chair is so squeaky
What the hell did Defo do in here today?
Listen to that, I can't even take a breath in this chair
It sounds like ancient bones
Most parts will do that to a chair
Now I feel better
Here's uh, Boka
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay
I'm hard at landscaper Scott the nervous guy
Yeah
I'm his roommate
And the reason why
Scott's got a roommate
Oh, now I know why he's nervous already
You're his roommate?
Yeah, I'm his roommate
Come on
Yep
Yeah
And uh, well he was really nervous
He was gonna even shave his go-t off for the meeting
Because you were saying you like clean, shaving guys
Yeah, he looked fine to me just the way he was
What are you laughing about?
Uh-huh
And what kind of a relationship do the two of you have?
Well, we can't talk about it on the radio
Yeah, right
Right, sounds like swishful thinking to me sweetheart
Why are you two guys like some kind of a number or something?
Like which number is it start with a six?
Oh, yeah
And then a no
That'll do
Uh-huh
So how long have you two guys been doing it?
I mean, they're living together
Oh, you're gonna love this almost two years
Yeah
And
And girlfriends getting jealous too
Really?
Yeah
He has a girlfriend?
Yeah
What's its name?
Uh, Georgie
He's got a girlfriend named George
Yeah, it's the one she's getting jealous
He showed up at my house the other day and then we started taking his pants off
I said, look, I said landscaping, man, that's, you know
Well, he said he wanted me
I thought he was gonna pull out the old weed wacker myself
And have a trimming for you, right?
Hey, right
All right, Neil
Now, what's your name?
My name is Chris
Chris, and what's your story, Chris?
Uh-huh
You just like to watch?
Huh?
You just like to watch?
Sure
Okay, well if you ever get tired, I'll be right over to take your spot
All right, Neil
Okay, Chris
Bye
Hang loose
Another guy with a roommate
All these guys that have roommates are really wonder about them, you know
How old, how old can you be?
I should have asked him
I would say that, um, Scott is probably about 22 or 3, something like that
Huh?
Now can you have a roommate when you, because I do know that that Bob was choosing
And that fat, uh, Boug Shamby over there on QAM, those guys live together
And I know that my good friend Dave Lamont, he's got a roommate, some guy that he lives with
I guess when you work over there and you don't make any money, you gotta have like a, uh, a roommate
Because guys that live together, people start talking about that
You're on the Q
WQ-A-M
56 from the dial, button number one in your car
Now with 25 minutes
Commercial free music jam
We call them Superjams
Throughout the day, every day with Dave Burgess, Don Burg, Rineric Taylor
Tom Johnny Dolan and Cedric Alleywood
Superjams
25 minutes of commercial free uninterrupted music
Exclusively from WQ-A-M, Miami
And now there's fat free music jams without fat hang
So that's the big rumor and Hank going to the FAN
I think you ought to call him, congratulating this afternoon
This supposed to be a big secret, but why the hell should there be any trade secrets, okay?
More power to you Hank, I hope you go up there and really do a big one
Here's the lady and more even a small one, Miami Beach, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes, ma'am
Hey, you had a question earlier about what it's called when you have jewelry in your mouth?
Grilling
It's called grills
Right
Yeah
Why do you have that?
No
Oh, how disgusting
I know a couple of girls who do though
Yeah
It's expensive
Yeah
And why do they do it? Is it a fashion statement?
Yeah, kind of
I guess so you could say that
And where do they get the money? What do they steal to get the money to put that in their mouth?
Their mothers, their boyfriends, I don't know
Yeah
Well don't they have, can't they do they not own a mirror?
Is that it? Don't they look at a mirror and see how grotesque and disgusting and subhuman that looks
I guess it's when they cross the street at night if the headlights hit their teeth
Yeah
They're seeing better
Well that's good
That's a good, excellent point
Do you have any more CDs to go away?
I show do
What do you have? You have your mom left?
I got piled, do I have one?
Oh, you have two pockets?
What is it?
Two pockets
Two pockets
Two packs?
No, well now he's one pack
I got two packs right here, I got it right here, dear mama
Which is like full sister to your mama
Your mama
Yeah
But do you still have two pockets left?
That's why I just said
Yeah, but now he's one pocket
He's one pocket?
Yeah, because he got shot
He did?
Yeah
Well I'll be there
He got shot leaving a radio station or something in New York
But now he's one pocket
Well one pocket is better than none, that's what the panthers say
Hang on, hang on, you got him
Okay, take the...
She's got two pockets or one pocket or a pocket that, online one there
Okay, take care of that nice lady
We're getting rid of stuff that I can't even pronounce
That I don't know from squat, baby
Because I'm just a see now old fart
Out of touch, I'm out of the loop
I said do a lot of it
I'm reaching down into the balls there and just pulling out
I love these cards, I was saying to George on Friday
The cards that I love best in this room are the ones that I'm about an inch a dust on them
Because they haven't been played in years
Look at that thing
Look at how disgusting that looks George, that is...
Look at that, fat
Oh, God, that's almost as grotesque as that chair that Randy left us as a souvenir
12, 11, 12, 22
Well I'm giving it a bunch of different times just for the tape
It's 11, 34, W-Y-O-D, you know what I mean?
W-I-O-D
If you're old, gray and wrinkled, too bad for you
Spread them and say cheese
Yeah, kid, baby
Now, during National Bathroom Reading Week, join the role of the month club
The only book club in America that prints novels on toilet paper
Yes, now you can read today's bestsellers easily
Conveniently, during the only time in your busy day you allow yourself to sit down
Most of the stuff they're writing today belongs to the toilet anyway
So join now and receive our flu season special
Four complete novels in our handy four roll packs
What better time to join than when you need lots of reading material
You'll go through warranty and done with the wind in a week
Read the one minute manager in half a minute
Join the role of the month club today
It's as easy as number one, number two, number three
Are you sure?
22 till noon at W-Y-O-D
We have an open line in dayed 751
We have one on the purple line so people are calling George now to explain to him
Whatever that show was that we had on the year last night
We're allegedly I'm turning in my papers and my dogs are doing a number on them
And I'm gonna return to my liquor in the in the deli
In my dairy ranch in Rochester and Laredo, Texas
And house by you and it's said her and so on
What is wrong with the public man?
How is it possible to still be walking around and be so slow and stupid
Like these people especially that guy in Palm Beach
He could have been the dumbest old man I've ever spoken to in my life
Next to management
Here's plantation, hello
Hey Neah, how's it going?
Okay
Last night what they were talking about
Was they were running tapes at the Philhendry show
No
Yeah, they were running another past the plenty they were doing the past one
Yeah, but wait a second
Yeah
They were running the passion line one then when he did on a Aaron Summers
And they were running the one when he goofed on saying that you were doing that again last night
Yeah, they ran it like I got off work it was like kind of clock and they play
This is going to be like this is going to be like SUN now on a weekend
They just keep running the same tapes over and over and over again
I'd rather listen to that than Aaron Summers
Like I said I think it's a hell of an idea
Sort of the pants it's going to do
What are they going to do?
What are they going to do?
What does that mean?
What are they going to do?
They're going to beat on the win
They're going to be ready to somebody, you're going to get somebody
Yeah, they just got Johan Garpen law
Yeah, well what's he going to do?
He's a hell of a player, he's a good player
But even 20 goals, even if he can't get 20 goals, what happens with Kiddelski?
And we got to be...
Forget about Kiddelski, he sucks, we got to get rid of his ass man, get rid of him
Who are you going to get for these players though?
Not much
That's what I'm saying
They waited too long
As Marys being a commercial that they run, how can you replace these players?
They can't trade anybody
They don't really have anybody with any kind of value
What are you talking about by that?
How about one of the goalies?
There are teams that are dying for a goalie right now
Yeah, but if they're going to get rid of Vambies for come on, how many games does Vambies have kept them in?
That's not the point, the point is if you want it, you have to crawl before you're a bit skate
Yeah
We got to get some guys on this team that can stick the puck in there
We got to get one or two big name players on this team
We can't keep muddling along with a bunch
I'll tell you, Stu Barnesman is this whole team right now
Yeah
He's the whole freaking team
Yeah, he was one of the carrier before he got hurt
That's right, when he got hurt they couldn't win now that he's back in the game
And he's garbage-loan, I'm going to tell you no matter who we got on the team
If they're going to keep playing at coma inducing style or Roger Nielsen
It's still going to put you to sleep
Nobody wants to see that
Jump and chase
Right
Chase, don't ever chase this
Yeah
All right, well I have a good one now
Good luck to us, Pally
Okay
Guy wants me to give an answer like I'm Brian Murray or somebody like that
We have an open line of dates, 751, 1 and Broward, 524
One on the purple line if you have cellular one at Pound IOD
We pay the free
Here's a disgusting pornographic picture by the way
From Sherry Tyler
Oh, where is it? There it is
I think it's Shane
It's Shane? Well, she's got pretty crappy head right now
She actually has lovely handwriting but you just can't read to God damn thing
Maybe I have bad eyes
But my eyes are good enough to see that she's licking this gigantic tattoo on an even more gigantic co-hooter
Did you see that? Yeah, you saw it
He saw it
And then the little inset to the right there's a picture of three of the ugliest
Oh my God, the skankiest looking brawds I have ever seen and they're all wearing little g-string deals with gigantic dildos hanging out
Did you see that? That does it for me, yeah
No, not if you looked at them
Oh my God, one of them looks like Annamarie with blonde hair
The one on the right?
Oh my God, sorry Annamarie but Jesus
It says I heard you talking about me just wanted to thank you
You might like this movie
Sorry, no guys but great toys
Wet kisses Shane Tyler
She's pretty interesting I would say
And so is the other one
But I mean, I know you guys want to see the dyke scenes, all the dykes all the time
So I guess you're going to be switching your station for news now
But anyway, speaking of that, any news anchors that we ought to be keeping your eye on in town
Maybe over in Tampa and Orlando in Jacksonville
Any new anchors who are easy on the eye
She kept pumping that and pumping that
Is that a sex thing that we got somebody who might look good on the news
That's a sexual thing? Jesus, honey, you better get with the program
Somebody better show, draw a picture of one, okay
Facts Aaron, a picture of what one looks like
And maybe that'll like spring something deep in the bowels of her brain
Here's for Lauderdale, hello
She's an anchor at night pulling that station right down
That's right, she's the anchoress of the nighttime, right?
How you doing up there?
Like Marsha Clark, she's the anchor with the canker
Great
Hey, I was out of town for a couple of weeks, but last few weeks ago I caught a Luis Miguel special on 1023
I was part one, did you happen to get calls on that or whatever?
What do you mean I get calls on it? I have it on tape on slow mo and freeze frame, I got it
I got it on tape too and then a few nights later it was advertising the paper that there was going to be a part two
Oh there was?
Yeah and I turned it on and it was no there wasn't a part two
I think that was just a tease
Really?
Yeah
Okay, did I hear you say that you have a CD there by Forte?
By Forte?
Yeah
Brian Forte, he's up at Rutgers now looking at his wounds, he's still trying to cash in
I got rap in Forte baby and I'll be around from there, but it's just a single CD
No that's not it then, a friend of mine has a band called Forte
Oh, wondering if that was it
Well he don't have a CD, does he?
Well yeah, they have a single out, but it's on cassette
It's a thick thing though, so I don't think he's a...
Yeah, how about the CD?
That too
Okay, that's about it, another thing, Aerosmith did walking in the sand too
Yeah, but that was...
Years later
Yeah, and of course was a hell of a lot better than the original one
Anything Aerosmith did was the greatest in history, make no mistake about that
Okay, can I call somebody Deishbag?
Yes sir?
My brother Rob, who I'm taping this for on a plane to Hawaii, he's a Deishbag
For not taking you with him?
Yeah
Okay, hang in there, Pallee
We have two open lines in Dade, 751 WIOD
And the purple cellular one line, which there's a real interesting story by the way about that bell-south mobility
And I'm going to get to the bottom of it, I'm not going to conjecture on the year today what it is
But I have a feeling that some people have been less than candid with us about the entire picture
In regard to that bell-south mobility situation
And when I find it out, I'm going to buy a goddamn billboard, I'm going to put it on the big sign there in Times Square in Goddamn New York City
And everybody in the world is going to know what it's really all about
Just trust me when I tell you about that
Make no mistake, what are we going to do about this chair?
Is that going on the year?
Well, when you really crank on it like that
Now this is what the air and summer show should sound like
Exactly, those are sound effects for the air and summer show right there instead of
Ah, come to town
Here's the four-loader deal
It's going all the day lines just open up wide again
What is going on in date counting day?
This is the most, maybe everybody just famused
Maybe that's why there was not the usual traffic in date there
Something going on and we can't put our finger on it
751 WIOD in date
Here's four-loader deal, hello
Neil, yes sir
How's it going?
Okay
I wanted to call you a couple weeks ago
Someone called up and they were talking about that Tommy Hill finger
You know that clothing line?
Yeah
Well, the owner of that business did say that he didn't want black people wearing his clothes
And some kids tried calling up and saying that he said that and I just wanted to verify it
Yeah
And let you know because you were like doubted
Well, what kind of a comment is that he doesn't want black people wearing his clothes?
What does that mean?
What kind of an idiotic statement is that?
Oh, I don't know, I just, I mean I thought in the news once that he said that
And I was just, and you didn't know what the guy was talking about so I just...
I wouldn't know Tommy Hill finger from the finger that that guy keeps calling about that the apreased show them
It's kind of like Polo Ralph Loran
Oh
Kind of like the same thing
A little bit too snobby and plastic for me
Yeah, well can I do a card for you?
When you buy your shirts at JC Penney, you don't know from what you're talking about
Yeah
And what's wrong with buying your shirts at JC Penney?
You know, I take so much crap about the fact like today I'm wearing like a blue shirt
Like just a less sports shirt
What am I supposed to wear here today?
Like the guy that said I saw your talking and you were wearing a peach shirt, yeah
So what difference does the collar make for a crann? It's a shirt
Yeah
Am I supposed to come in here with like a little thing on the collar or a little thing on the shirt?
Oh, George says yes
We can't all be a fashion plate like George who comes in here like extra sloppy
I work on it
Rhymes with a lot of people
Yeah, so what's the deal?
Why would anybody dress up to come into a place like this anyway?
You have to be nuts
Go ahead sir, I'm sorry
I'm sick and tired of Phil Henry picking on my shirts
Boy, yeah
Yeah, but wait
Can I give you a card?
Go ahead
Okay
Hi, this is Randy West
And Kim Bo Campa, you better get ready to beef up with this big boy
Okay
See ya
I think there's somebody who's got a real shine on Kim Bo Campa
I never met Kim Bo Campa quite frankly, it's okay with me
We have an open line at Broward 5249463
Hey Goldberg goes to WFA in New York
Be listening for details very soon because I never turn to the truth over there
It's 1148 at WIOD
WIOD
Pretty mature modulation
Happy Plum
A kill in the cold
Happy Plum
In the 50s Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best
Now this great series is back
starring a few Catholic priests who like it young
in the return of Father Knows Best
Step into the confessional Billy
I don't know Father, this makes to 47th time I've been in there this week
Oh Billy, you want to be a good Catholic don't you?
Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking?
Father Knows Best, it's the Vatican's best kept secret
and you've got a private seat for all the fun
Just enter the rectory from the rear
Alright Billy boy, each time for your flute lesson
But Father, your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make any noise
Oh, it will Billy, it will
Father Knows Best, once you've seen this new sitcom
you'll wonder why you've never heard about it
Let me introduce you to St. Peter
Father Knows Best, going to church may not seem very entertaining
but there really is something funny going on here
Thanks honey
1152 at WIOD
and the day there's something spastic
this cannot be because everything else is smoking today
and day it keeps going dark
it's getting really dark and dayed
7519463 751 WIOD
they're all cleared out again
here's a mobile allegedly in Detroit
you know this can't possibly be, hello
The honest of God truth, nail I'm in Detroit
Yeah
I called you about a year and a half ago
from Calamazoo, it was about 50 below
and I wanted to check back with you
I heard a guy you mentioned when I used to live in Florida name Dick Burton
Yeah
He's not what he used to be
Call me from Detroit and you're knocking Dick
I've been knocking Dick in the show too
Yeah
But I really wanted to talk to you about a guy named Amos
Is he down there?
No he's not
I have a chance
He's not in Palm Beach
They got a prop, they got a prop up in a chair
He's actually pretty funny
Oh give me a break Don Amos is like a dead man in a chair
He used to be funny before they took his life
Well if I had to listen to him a person who was behind this first
You're your dreaming man, Dick Burton
How are you doing?
What?
We're doing great sir, we're kicking ass
We're just their big and smelly in the numbers too
The last time I talked to you they yanked you out of Tampa
You still over in 4 miles?
No we are not in 4 miles or in Tampa
They didn't yank me out, I yanked it out
Nobody yanked us out of anywhere
You just homegrown all the way now
We told him the stick it, that's right
How are the guys in the morning and Nick in the spot
Guys in the morning are doing great, they're beating Howard
They're doing just everything you're as great and have a good life
Oh god, we have an open line and see this is a guy that's got a life
He's calling me in his car phone from Detroit
How's Rick and Saj's doing? How's Rick Shradd doing?
How's this window? How's Greg Reggrey Benjamin doing?
Oh my god, and all the day lines are there's something going on with those
I'm telling you right now
People are calling up and hanging up
The line checkers
Forget about the line checkers
751 WIOD
We got 85 more of these crap CDs to give away
And they still not calling from date
751 9463, you better call from date now
Or we're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
We're not getting no OJ today, how do you like that?
It's people's fault they put money in the soda machine wrong.
Yeah.
Trying to get people to call up in anger.
And people fall for it, it's just very, very lame.
What do you mean it's very lame?
Maybe the people are very lame.
They listen to the show.
No, the people in general are very lame.
Like this call.
Phil Henry is great, he's a genius.
Oh, that figures you'd say something like that.
Why?
You're talking about a bleeding heart liberal call.
Okay, that's the same jackass there.
Now, if you put your hand over the phone, really describe your role.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You do.
You don't remember singing.
You're also going to be doing that chapter now that the time is coming.
You just got so many dancers like you and Donald, everyone asked us the highlights of it too,
like one time that means, and once you and yourself and momentarily in the end.
Hello, how you doing?
Yeah, okay, good.
I just now put a bunch of knee knockers that got up there in Palm Beach County.
Poor Randy.
I really sympathize that he's got to work with a bunch of idiots up there in Edtown.
West Palm Beach.
Uh, but don't you know it all rolls downhill?
Yeah, it is.
That's the problem.
And it's keeping down in a deer field and popping it already.
Oh, man.
Listen, I just turned John.
I just got done putting my kids down for an half of stuff and just turned John.
Yeah.
And sounds like every other day show, you got a bunch of idiots out there that you're
trying to deal with.
That's right.
Uh, this is America, sir.
And this is Florida.
Yeah, we've got the weather.
We're even the living people can't have a good time.
No, well, we got the weather at least.
We got the derral.
That's over.
We had the grand pre-est today for excuse the spelling.
That's over with.
Right.
We had the Super Bowl here.
Our one big shot in the, uh, in the daytime and the, uh, night time whenever the hell
it was.
That's over with for the next foreseeable future.
And that's it.
Now we sit here from now until, uh, until Christmas and we say, well, just wait till
the season starts.
It's going to be great.
No wonder this whole town is cleared out.
Seriously, I was talking at the beginning of the show today about how I thought I was
coming to work out a holiday or something because there was no traffic today.
Even Dave County was cleaned out like they had a goddamn, uh, uh, uh, bomb scare.
Well, I'll say I live down here towards colorage by US one and I, and I see an awful lot
of, uh, tours heading south.
Heading south.
Heading south from here.
You're going down to the keys.
Going down to the keys.
So I got probably floating on down there.
Why the hell would anybody go to the goddamn keys?
I don't know, but I don't know what is the big attraction down there.
Um, they want to put your fruit cakes.
They can go to the grove.
They don't have to go down there.
The water, I guess, you know, it's the only thing I can think of.
Yeah, but, uh, yeah, thank God we have water down there because we sure don't have any
up here.
No, that's true.
Why you can always switch over.
Yeah, I went down to the keys for the water.
They didn't have any water in Broward or Dade or Palm Beach.
So I had to go all the way down to the keys to find a guy damn ocean.
Did you see the article?
Talk about stupid people, man.
Did you see the article in the Harold Sunday about the nudist beach at Oliver?
They wanted access for the handicap?
No, I did not.
That was hilarious.
They made the city put in like an $18,000 pier so the handicap could get to the nude beach.
What's wrong with that?
I guess I think those bastards ought to be able to wheel out there and take a good look
if they can't do it themselves.
They ought to at least be able to watch it.
Well, I guess you're right.
You're right.
I guess.
But still, they don't have like a refreshment stand up there.
They don't have the goddamn thing catered.
What's wrong with that?
Well, I guess nothing really.
Little popcorn and snapple, I say more power to those crippled bastards.
Oh, man, that's great.
Alrighty, Mielle.
Have a great day, pal.
Have a great day and stay out of Palm Beach.
Trust me when I tell you to stay down here.
I've a friend of mine worked up there.
I've been up there plenty of time.
Blue hair isn't the word.
Oh my God.
And Yahoo!
And not only that.
And you got all these rich people up there that only polo ponies and stuff.
Yeah.
And he delivers to somebody's people's houses and it's pathetic, Mielle.
Cheapest bastards on the face of the earth.
They've got that right.
They've got the first ball they ever were born with.
They have a great life, pal.
Yeah, Palm Beach County, man.
We brought them out of the closet right here on this radio station.
And of course, I think all the frogs ought to go up to Palm Beach.
That's going to be our new campaign.
Oh, by the way, speaking of the frogs, how we doing with our stickers?
Got any news on that?
You're going to call up our friend, our Paisantan Tom Domingo,
and find out how our band, the frog bumper stickers are going.
I want to say this.
I want to make it very clear because we don't want any legal defugalities with this
because those French Canadians, man.
And Don Cherry does hate him like Poison says there are a bunch of disgusting frogs,
by the way, that's what he told me personal.
But the bottom line is that those people who get a hold of him,
they might be so swept away by the emotion of the moment that they might be forced
if they see one of those blue and white disgusting Quebec plates
to just slap him right on the bumper of one of those cars.
Van the frogs, baby, with a beret without.
Fasten yours.
As it goes North, baby.
He's talking entertainment radio.
Bobby to be a 610 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale.
